A Lone Star Bo-Peep. JlY HOWAIU) StttilA" (cONCr.UI)KD, l'he following morning, as Judge Natchez, who comprehended under olio large hat-brim |j much of the professional ability of Concho, turned his face homeward, there was an air of dcjection about his bearing, and a flavor of delinquency in the swift canter into which ho lit once lushed his unambitious pony. It is very likely that this gloomy exterior was the outcome ol certain reserves, professional and pecuniary, that the gentleman had recently sustained. Notwithstanding copious draughts of the inspiration which, according to Miss Natchez, ' pop' was wont to imbibe, his earnest eloquence in behalf of his client was unappreciated, and Hill Darcy had- been sentenced to be hung. And the legal gentleman's efforts to drown his chagrin in the enticements of 'Mexican monle,' during tho previous evening,ormorc precisely, to 'even up with the Almighty,' as he profanely remarked, on sitting down to the deal board, li.ul unfortunately resulted in the loss of his retainer ami counsel fee, consisting of the sum of twenty-live dollars cash and "a diamond pin—his client's title to this last article being entirely limited to the ostentatious wearing of the gein. Presently ho chanced upon a black-browed Hercules, lying listlessly uponthc prairie, and gazing with a scowl at some very line cattle grazing in a fertile hollow. The man was attired in the unmistakable clothes of his calling. There were the heavy, wide, leathern leggings extending to the waist, giving the wearer, when erect, the appearance of walking in an immense mail- bag. There were tho knee-boots, with heels so extravagantly high, and placcd at such an absurd angle, thai a I'arisienne in the day of Louis Quinzc would have scrcamod with dolight, and cheerfully acquicsced in so adtnirablo a contrivance for destroying the eye-sight. This gentloman avoided any such tendency by living in the saddle. When lie decidcd to walk—which he rarely did—lie strongly personified in gait that inelegant bird, tho goose. It was the American cowboy, pur cxicltnur, with a certain smartness of exterior, which suggested the approving criticism of the fair. What was thcro in the sight of those mignilicent cattle to occasion Ibis scowl? It was simply a question of 'cow-brands.' Ho was in despair of any possible method by which the ' wine-glass ' label could be converted with the assistance of a red-hot iron into Lis own suspiciously involved trademilk. This is Mr. Itube Smart, 'cowpuncher.' Intuitively recognising a sympathetic spirit, the judge checked his horse. 'H-h-howdy!' the 'stone-fences,' rather tban_ the judge, remarked. The man, recognising the bibulousncss of his salute, raised his oyes in surly inquiry, and replied, ' Howdy!' ' Boo-oo-'I'u 1 mornin'!' The man shrugged his shoulders, and ungraciously accepted the weather's serenity. The peculiarly rocky character of the judge's cups had not communicated their insensibility to his perceptions. He was conscious of a lack of spontaneity in the dialogue. 'Wash up? Wash latea'nowsh fro Washington P' ho queried, with judicial concern, and, I griovo to say, with ocoasional Toxanjudicial articulation. ' Bill Darcy's sontoneed tor swing,' said tho cow-boy. Tho peculiar quality of ironical exaggeration by which tho judge's inadequate dofotieo was rendored a national inattor, was keor.ly folt by its reoipiont through liis spirituous diBguiso. His eil'usivonoss was quonohed. 'Wusli follor 'shpee' 'shgot iivo niur'hers an' dond nigger 'gliin '111 ?' he retorted. 'Judge,' said his gloomy auditor, with afl'cotod concern, ' I reckon you'd bettor pull yor freight for hum; this sun'su heap too hot for yor head, nnd I don't reckon tlior's room ouough roun' her fer ye. I'd recominon' yer tor put right smart o' water on that lawbox o' your'n when yer git thar. What's more,' ho continued, ' thot I'enelopo'—lie alludod to Miss Natchez as though alio suggested autelope, with the attributes of which ho was unquestionably moro familiar —thot Penelopo o' your'n net ds yorproteotin' tsaro. I seen her, yesterday, totin' a linohair feller up to yor ranob. Looked kinder caved in, blank him ! ' ho concluded, with a lowering look. The judge did not inquiro into tho origin of his friend's profanity. Ho was opprescd with graver porsonal misgivings. 'I_reckon thur's wliar my whisky's been junein'!' Apparently so Ik rod by the gravity of this decision, ho w!., eled his horso and rodo off without thanking his informant. * -ti « * 'e 4! « When Mr. I'aye Howe first openod his blood-shot blue eyes on tho morning aftor liis sanitary dobauoh, a dem i iizod tousation of dull pain oppressed Lis bewildered consciousness. Ho lay porfeotly still, overwhelmed with the idea that the present colossal proportions of his cranium required all tho spaco of Ponelopo's airy boudoir for their accommodation, and that tho slightest change of position would release n throbbing engine in his skull and involvo its very sensitivo walls in crushing ruin. By what species of inspiration ho had engineered his gigautio hcnd-pieco through tho narrow doorway was a problem beyond tho present availablo resources of his whisky- steeped intellect. He was still foobly pondoring upon tho impossibilities of this achievement, when Ponolopo dawned upon him through the portal, so ambitiously transformed fro'm tho Bohemian toilet of yesterday that failure of recognition by him, in his presont shattered condition, might have boen pardonable. She was consistently feminine in lior attiro, but extravagantly arrayed in finery of a faded ftiid filmy texture. Nevertheless, a certain witchery about tho tout cmnnbh, and an ngreoable odor of buffalo-olovor, with which her liaii' and antiquated corsago wero adorned, made their impression upon Howo, who yielded her tho homago of a sex moro appreciative of effect than detail in matters of dress. Ho was not without glimpses of the damsel's possibilities in appropriate atlire. 'HowdyI' she said in a sprightly tone. 'Howyomakin' out?' with a sympathy of manner whioh her grammar would scarcely convoy. Howo thanked her, and exhibited a diffidence about expatiating upon his sensations, feeling a man's incapacity to do the subject complete justice without the assistance of profane rhetoric. Ho ventured, however, to photograph his hygienic degradation by lacial pantomime. ' Prezackly !' she exclaimed, with demure eyelashes, but mentally charmed by the contrast between his silence and her sire's unhallowed inspirations after indiscreet libations to Silcnus. She displayed at once a savory bowl and large spoon whioli she had hitherto held behind her. ' I reckoned ye'd be just naturally starved arter yesterday,' she said, ' so I jest killed a pullet and made yo some chicken broth. Yer hands better, Mr. Howe. Tell ye, honey, ye had a clus call—sure 'null'." Forthwith a praiiie Hebe began to minister to the famished capacity of a blonde Bacchus. Meanwhile, her icspccted parent, having struck a most uncompromising homeward beclinc since his last cheerful information, was just rising the divide which overlooked his ranch. As lie crossed the string of waterlioles which formed the line of the creek, he was instantly cognisant of the fact that, although the qualifications of the day for pasturage were admirable, his sheep were still imprisoned in their primitive brush-pen, and were solacing their appetites on the haystack which he had piudently prepared against the advent of dreaded ' Northers.' This being the last link ill tile chain of misfortunes which had lately oppressed him, hent once entered into hearty and blasphemous rivalry of the much-nlTlicled Job, who, I chcerliilly submit, was fairly successful in exhausting the poetic possibilities of profanity. It j* frith reluctance that I refrain from transcribing this Homeric indulgence in epithet; I'Or I certainly appreciate how necessary it is to the intcipictation of character, and to the portrayal of an exceptional felicity of cxprcssion. I concede, however, for the reader's enlightcnmcnt, that he threw graviand uns-nctilied doubts as to the origi of himself and j Penelope, and in a smpiisinj ly short, space of time involved his entire genc.iljgical line in unquestionable discredit, making all this contingent upon certain condition* of which he had present ocular proof. After which charming effort he executed a wild war-dance in his stiirups in cvidenoe of an exhausted vocabulary, took out a large, black plug of tobacco and bit off a triangular quarter of it, and then charged headlong upon his abode. But 011 the present occasion, whatever verbal collation he had reseived for Mr. 1'ayo Howe, lie was apparently prevented from offering to his notice, partly by his instant frorecognition ot his familiar features, and partly by that apparent interest in his daughter which he detected in the gentleman's face as he entered the room. He recognised in him a very good client; lie was aware of his plethoric ; bank- account. This was the fust occasion on which the Northerner had honored his legal adviser by visiting him at his own abode; I ami the father's imaginative temperament and | fond parental heart were at once inspired with air-castle tendencies for the possible future of Hiss Penelope. His greeting, therefore, although subdued in ut terance, was earnest and genuine. I may as well acquaint the reader, at this point, with the fact that the gentleman was o'f unquestionable birth and breeding. He was Hie son of a former governor of the Slate of Virginia, uiul Penelope's mother had been a lady of patrician beauty and social attraction ; but the war, that comprehensive apology for much Southern shamelessncss of destitution, was here sincere. 'Che feebler rcminine nature despaired and died; the stronger masculine one survived and accepted alcoholic consolation. When, therefore, the degenorale gentleman of a once golden age learned of the narrow escape of his guest, and the heroio treatment extended by his daughter, his pale, intellectual, anil still handsome features expressed both parental pride and sympathetic soliciludc. ' Penelope will biing you around in a day or two,' he said chccrfully; ' make yourself perfectly at home and as comfortable as you can under tho circumstances. Meanwhile you say you have certain matters of business'' —the critical reader observes tlmt the judge had that easy adaptability which enabled him to vnrj his dialect to suit his auditor, and his present utterances gave evidence of the recollection of social privileges, once enjoyed and by no means forgotten—■'we can consider thom at our leisure.' To which Howe—a Northerner, remember, and notwithstanding his serious invalidism, replied : 'Why not now? It's the old matterthat disputo about water privileges between Smart and myself. The season is dry, and there is barely enough for my six thousand sheep. He insists upon watering his cattle upon my ranch. 'Is that all t1 said the legal gentleman relapsing into border slang immediately, and giving fiery advice which, hitherto, he had seldom followed. 'Js thet al) ? Wal, I'vo looked up thet matter,, an' yer ' klcs' is all straight; 'give him 'notiee to quit;' ef he don't bluff, shovo half a dozen cartridges inter yer Winchester, freeze tor yer waterhole, and stand off him and his cussed cattle,' * »> * * * « ® A fortnight of the halcyon weather of a Texan spring had passed away—days of sunshine, of fragrance, ofbird-song— the blossoming of Nature's heart in earth, and air, and sky—days uneventful, but, ah me ! full of a certain novel and blissful fascination for Miss Natchez. She was leaning dejectcdly over the narrow ratling of the ranch, her drooping eye- lashes giving licr face a quaint suggestion of heavy mourning. There had been no abatement of the glad weather; the air was tremulous with tho melody of rival mockingbirds which dickered in black and white plumes from tree to tree, :ind filled tho j embowering live oaks with their delirious ! ventriloquism. Her cause of grief was entirely subjective ; the sunshine of Mr. Faye Howe's presence had faded from her horizon. There had been hours of Arcadian colloquy, of equestrian companionship, of pastoral sheep-tending and sheen-seeking with this ! Jjone Star Bo-pcer. Tnere had even been sentimental moments of generous rivalry, devoted to the perforation of tin tomato-oans at ten paces with the ' six-shooter.' It would seem that the 'abomination of desolation' i was left as the result of this target-practice. Howbeit, although at times given to icverie ; and a day-dreaming that was new to her, she was full of a certain energy attributable, perhaps, to the awakening spring. But the judge, who was himself a victim of the ' dumber- ager,' and, on days consecrated to mental communion and suppressed 'shakes,' had an invalid's acute perceptions, 'allowed j thet he never reckoned the spring fever so obstrcp'-rous.' A sudden conviction of the untidiness of the ranch oppressed her, and by incessant practice in the hurling of missiles, she removed its oncircling debris to a point too remote for ocular disapprobation. Then she lost her apparent taste for veiling her sex in masculine raiment. With the aid of some old fashion-plates and an ingenuity with her needle at which the sterner sex stands aghast, she accomplished toilettes outre but effective, from relics of her mother's finery, religiously preserved by her father. The judge had his failings: he had also his ideals. Notwithstanding great powers of fascination for a proverbially confiding sex, he never found it in his heart, nor in his wildest dreams believed it possible, to duplicate Mrs. Natchez. Her dress-making over, Penelope developed marvels of cleanliness, and entered upon a campaign against her luxuriant but tangled mane. She possessed among her treasures a cracked and bilious mirror. Before this mendacious^ detractor she passed unlimited time in the industrious combing and effective arrangement of her raven tresses. It is interesting, as an instance of the intution of woman, that she merely pursued the man- demoralising tactics of the famous Lorelei, of whose entirely poetic existence she was blissfully in ignorance. Finally, having carefully prepared the sinows of feminino warfare in tho formal nmnnor above described, she drew tho piotnre of tho unfortunately fashionable young lady from tin3 humiliation of tho chimney, affixed it to a tree with a small ' bowie,' and being geographically prevented from annihilation of the 1 *dy by pure personal charm, engaged in vindictive and unerring target-practice upon it with a more effeotivo but no more remorseless weapon. But-1 think it was in her treatment of the owl that she most palpably acknowledged the prcsenco of Cupid. She possessed a small monagerie of native pots, with which her hitherto undeveloped affections had been oontent. In small wooden cages she had immured at various stages of adolescence, a dove, a mooking-bird, b prairie-dog, a diminutive jaokass-rabbit. A somewhat lively fanoy in the doteotion of resemblancos had unpolled her to baptise these captives with tho titles of oertain of her many admiring suitors. She shared tho Homeric fascinations of tho modol wifo of Ulysses. .Tho dovo and tho mockingbird were cow-men of mild and languishing sentimentality in feminino matters—Naturo's carpet-knights—tho ono given to playing cooing ballads on- horseback with a cracked guitar, and the other .oll'ensivo through a servile semblanco of dovotion, at spasmodic intervals, on a roedy acoordeou. The marmot wns Mr. James Wily, lliogamblor; tho jackrabbit was Mr. Kubo Smart, tho ' cowpunohor.' But tho owl!—tho owl was nameless, typical' of tlint ovasivo nilcnoo which woman preserves in amatory mattors of a sorious complexion. Howbeit, tlio desperate devotion with which alio suorificed before this silent, feathered altnr might bavo encouraged tho anciout Py tbagoras in his doctrine of motempsyohosiN. Ono morning, tin accommodating toamstei jumped down from his box-soat in his ' prairio-schooncr, and deposited in hor trembling fingora n hillrt-iloitx; she devoured its contnnta with eager oj'ob. It was simply nn invitation to a ball' to take plnco that evening at Eden, but its cffcot wns alarming. She became earnostly gravo, and sot about nppilling forninlities ; oho filled tho elothesboilor of tho ranch,and heated it to a dangerous temperature; she removed nil tho iutorior furnishings of hor father's tent, tightened its cords, aud rendered it nearly opaquo; alio deposited within it hor most elaborato toilette aud an ambitious wash-tub. Thon taking her six.shooter,' she ohnstcly rotreatcd within its prccitiote, and tied down tho ennvns opening from within. This modern Diana recoguisod tho ollioicncy of powder aud ball ugaiust a possiblo Actieon. When sho reappearod, tlio effect was dazzling in tho cxtremo. That tho ball was hold in a vacant storo owned by Jim Wilv; that it was illuminated by nn unpardonable extravagance in tallowdips, pcrclied upon laths tucked t o empty wholves; that tho utile of Eden danced in full equipment, but in tho niMuonco of ' boiled shirts; and the sooial sub- stratum, from cvory available window and loop-hole, availed themselves of a viow of tlio festivities in which tbey wero not invited to participate, but which they endeavoured to cloud by tho diabolical tobacco-smoko under which they veiled tboir slighted feelings, in a mattor (if memory among tho inhabitants of tho frontier town. Hut bow Miss Penelope Natchez was its pervading charm, how sho outsliono by her bewildering uppoarnnco the much bctoilotted fair ; how sho compelled admiration by flatly rofusing to danco with «Tltn Wily, whilo not hct-itating to grace his entertainment with t ho efVulgciico of her presence; how sho danced squaro dancos with all her many adinirors, but how thero was atoi'.donoy to nionotouy in waltzing with Mr. l'\iye Howe, was reported at groat length by tho ornato editor of tho^.liden vlifrerlitar, whoso extravagant poriods afforded significant evidenco of the height to which n .•itigln privileged quadrille had exalted him. Wo have lost our copy of this gifted sheet, or wo could not forbear transcribing it. JSat whifS'Ponclope and I'aye wero approximating to a condition of plastic infatuation at this orowning sooial ovontof tho frontior season, there wore two who departed with far differont leelings: Mr. Jim Wily inexpressive indignation, and Mr. Rube Smart in tho ombroco of tho ' green-eyed monstor.' & -P ¥ a:- « The relations of Mr. Howo and Mr. Smart wero ncccsmrily belligerent. Tiie former's apparent progress in tho nifcotioiis of Miss Natchez oll'cetunlly settled that. Throughout tho long dry season Rube's stock drank tho water of tho Nortliorn gentlpmari's ' range' by the hogshead ; at first, undor his armed survoillnnoe; afterward, with tho familiar effrontery of habit. At last, when (^further continuation of this would havo left his own woolly Hooks to famish, Howe laid aside his customary oautiou, filled tho magazine of his ' Winchester,' and getting tho ' first drop ' upon his persistent foe, ceolly assured him of speedy conversion into a human colander if ho did not dosist htslanter. Thero was a steely glitter in Howo's usually mild blue oyo, aside from tho advantago of his attitude, which was convincing. Mr. Ilube Smart accepted the rcsistlossness of tho gontloman's logic. Ho quietly withdrew. This did not prevent him, however, from emptying his own cnrbinc and ' six- shooter' on occasional dark nights into the crowded sheep-pens of the Northerner. The dastardly cowardice of this act was apparently visited with retribution, for Rube's stock—few in number and mostly acquired by conversion, both literal and legal died by tens and scores. His encounter with the northerner had sulliciently convinced him that open combat was not tho most oflicient method of revenge. Assisted by Jim Wily, who still rankled, and by Texan rum of phenomenally bad quality, lie developed a scheme worthy of the brain from which it emanated and the liquor by which it was inspired. Briefly, his plan was to ' pop the question ' to Miss Penelope, and in the •event of her probable refusal, to pop her very charming person into a covercd buggy, and forcibly elope. It is hardly necessary to say that all this was to be done in the absenco of her father. Mr. Jim Wily kindly oflered to accomodate his friend with the necessary vehicle. He was not aware that Howe, during the entire summer, had maintained a brave light against feminine fascinations; notwithstanding a hermit's isolation, and the absolute cessation of epistolary hostilities from the fashionable dressed young lady. He did not know cither, that the poor little namesake of the exemplar of Greek conjugal lidelity was in despair of ever hearing from the faithless Howe again, and destitute of any consolation save her owl, now arrived at muscular maturity, and apparently anxious to emulate the gentleman by flying away. The early fall was at hand, and the rain, so long withheld, charged impatiently upon the exhausted earth, with a fury that left a misty haze in ths air, like the ghost of a fierce engagement. Amid the violent storm, which had prevailed intermittently for live days, Judge Natchez, returning from the settlement of a local dispute in a neighbouring town, received the news of the cow-boy's design upon his daughter from a transient guest of Jim Wiley, who had overheard a conversation through the sheeting partition of his sleeping apartment. A Texan hotel is an ambitious rival of the famous Whispering Gallery. Theie was 110 outburst of profanity on this occasion. He received tho details of the plot in that silence which makes intense emotion so awe-inspiring; but the sorry mount of the judge soon realised that he had never before experienced the possibilities of fiaggelation nor his own powers to overcome space. In the height of this mad ride, lie saw through the oncircling mists a buggy, achieving a very comfortable rate of speed along the trailroad between himself and his next neighbor, and proceeding iu the direction of the ranob. His i'aoe paled; the line of his jaw showod through the tenso skin; his knees smote the side of hia horse; but slipping his right arm free from tho sloeve of his'slicker,' he drew a self-cocking Colt's revolver—the gift of a grateful cliont—and rode on to intercept him with tho sternness of fate. Bubo Smart—for ho it was—seeing 'the judge, aud recognising him immediately, reined in his horae with his left hand, and leaning oat of the buggy, allowed bis right tj drop mechanically to his hip. Tho gesture indicated the looality of a weapon— not a self-cooker, but equally speedy in the gentleman's hands He had long ago filed the notches in the tumbler of the look, and was wont to discharge it by the mere leverage of hia powerful thumb upon the hammer. A rent in tho ' slicker' of the horseman disclosedhismasked design. Frontier etiquette rcoognieea no distinction between the drawing of a weapon and its aotual dischargo; the one implies the other. There wero two almost simultaneous reports from within hand-shaking distance. A frantic horse, riderless, and with leaping stirrups, dashed wildly away in the direction of the ranch. A buggy, from tho spinning wheels of which the water flew, went careering madly ovor Iho water-soaked prairie. Tho avenging father and his viotim lay dead, with tho rain pelting upon their ghastly faces. As cvon at that mornont, Penelope, awaiting anxiously at the window her sire'fl return, marvelled how much tho coursing drops upon tho pano resembled tears. «***•♦» About tho time of tho oeourrence of tho tragedy, Mr. Fayo IIowo—soated at tho stovo of the hotpitablo Macphorson, a gonial Soot whoso storo was at onoo post-oflloo and general baso of supplies for the town of Eden —was engaged in contemplation of hia steaming boole, and in oynioal meditation upon tho inconstancy of woman. Tho ring of native Texana around this red-hot dispenser of comfort was practical in its lamentations over tho dangor of 1 risos' in the watorholos and creeks. At cacli lull iu tho conversation, tho oxpectorant hiss of tho assailed 6tovo seemed at onco to doride and thrcaton thoir fears. Mr. llowo was feoling classical on thjs occasion; ho was silent, and supported his own experienco with tho riper judgment of Virgil—' Varium ot mutabilo fomina!' Tho immediate predisposing causo of so inuoli montal commuuion and this Latin summary was probably tho recipt, that morning, of tho wedding-cards of tho young lady who has ocoupied photographic prominence in those pagos. Not that Mr. Howe was particularly Hcnsitivo to tho somowhat marked flavor of tho lady's social otiquotto, but becnuao he reflected with pardonable disparagement upon tho apparent roadiness with which sho had hitherto acknowledged, in notes of supcrlativo perfume and tinted paper, certain gifts of j owe! lory which Tils prodigal generosity had in time post folt called upon to tender. It was, perhaps, tho epistolary reflection which led him to dwell with gratified contrast upon tho apparont tincerity of Miss Penelopo's attachment. Howe was thoroughly conscious of onrtaiu billeti-iloux, which—alboit ungrammatical and oripplcd in orthography—woro gonuino and imporftimed. A lack of sclf-prejudieo in pcr.-oiinl matters mado him oxecrato himself for failuro to acknowledge .these gratuitous pledges. After this condemnatory introspection ho walked to tho window. Outsido it was raining heavily. As ho stood gazing out at the pouring rain ho wrs struck by tho attitude of rosigncil fatalism oxhibited by his patient steed. Tho gentleman was conscious of ontcrtaining a peculiar sontimcnt for this animal. It was not affection, for Ho wo wes singular in this, that ho hiul nevor boon ablo to lovo anything which did not at first exhibit toward him marked ovidotico of attachment. Whatever 'Oscar' was, ho was net demonstrative. He had beon first attracted to him by that storn practicality which obtains in matters of horseflesh—his record for speed and onduraneo. Tho rousting had beon victor in many a piairio ' sorub-race,' and his fame as a swimmer of unfordablo rivers had gono abroad through the oountry. Later, IIowo hud eoaio to respect him for his keen instincts. Entering tho Stato with Northern onterpriso and that lack of woodcraft provorbial of n ' tender-foot,' a carelessness in riding over his boundless ' range' had often compelled him to resort to a compass situated in that long head, to prevont passing tho night on tho bald prairio. Then, a philosophical submission to tho inevitable, a stolid patience' of misfortune, withal, a serono indifloronco of fate had oompollod respect. Ho fancifully believed that tho horse reeiprocatod tho sontimont, and that ho had faith in his master besides. This hnd induced him 011 one occasion to record a vchoincnt outli that death alone should pat t | tliom. As tho gontleman dwolt upon an equine oourago that waB almost manly, and accepted his suggestion of dripping boot-leather, ho was appalled at tho saroasm of calling liiin ' Oscar Wilde.' Why was it ? Ho distmotly saw tho animal raiso his hoad and look him full in tho face. A man, palo with oxcitcnient, at this moment ran into tho storo, and announced that lio just found Judge Natchez and Rube Smart lying dead upon tho prairie. Tho door slammed violently. Mr. Howo was gone. As ho loosened tho lariat of his mustang, ho was prompted again to look into his intelligent oyos. What was it ho saw thero ? Who knows ! Yet, as ho settled himself in his Moxicau saddlo, ho felt that sublime consciousness of the privileged equestrian —that horse and master wero in accord. That rido through flying mud, "through splashing water, over tho wet prairio ! Hero and tlioro swollen pools along tho way had overflowed tho trail in blank and treacherous shoots through which his horse dashed with the fury of an angry billow, leaving tho track of their fierco progress outlined in flying spray and hurrying curves of bubblo and foam. At times tho yielding soil of the boaten track forced him to break his way amid cliuparral and copse, and through thin files of meequito and live oak, standing like storm-beaten sentinels in silent gray, tho panting of his lnbortng-steed, tho oadenoo of plunging hoof-beats swept by unchallenged. As he rode on without whip or spur, and felt tho restless energy of those grand muscles playing like an engine beneath him, ho was filled with admiration for his noblo horso. His watch told him that tho obscured was but ' an hour high' as ho passod the pecan motto and tho diomantled cow-pen lying hidden within ils depths. Tho line of waterholos that lioliad formerly known was brimming with water, and nature's chalices seemed eager to burst thoir emerald cups and overflow the intervening spaco. He thought of tho ranch at the junction of tho two creoks —so negligently placed. He thought of the orphaued ronelopo. Ho might yet be too late! Just as ho descended tho gaunt divide which sloped gently down to tho now visible dwelling, ho heard a noiso beforo liim. He know it instinctively and caught his broath ; tho line of waterholes was a foaming creek. Only to his horse's knees as he dashed through it, but ho was aware of tho danger in tlioso latitudes, und shuddered as ho galloped up tho little riso and into tho live oak cluinp. Throwing his mustang's bridle over a neighbouring post, ho ran to tho door of tho ranch. Ho knocked. No roply. Ho knocked again —loudor. Silenco still. With frontier politeness, ho turned tho knob and entered tho young lady's bed-ohambor. Tho room was twilight dim. Ponelopo had thrown herself upon tho bed and lay asleep. As lie entered sho opened her eyes wearily and rose with .1 suddon flush. ' Why, ITayo !' was all sho said. He took tho little brown hands in both his own. * Tho crooks aro rising, dear: I liavo come to save you!' Sho rau to tho window and oast a startled look without; sho throw open the door and saw tho long Hats about tho smaller brandies submerged and threatening; sho oame back to him with a pallor in her face that Howo had never seen thero beforo. Ho smiled reassuringly. ' Do not despair,' he said. ' My sorrell is outside. Are you ready ?' ' One moment!' the girl answered, grasping the sombrero, dusty with neglect, and an old rubber-coat of her father's. She threw them on hastily, and ran out into the storm. Howe was left in the little room. Penelope ran to her oages ; she freed the dove ana tho mocking-bird, which availed themselves of the privilege. Hesitating a second, sho finally drew the confining barriers for the prairie-dog and jack-rabbitthey cowered in their opon prisons. Catching up tho full-plumaged owl, the faithful little arms attompted to carry him to tho horse. The ungrateful wrotoh fluttorod fiercely, broko from her tendor clasp, and flappod heavily away. Sho returned to Howe, who was waiting iu tho saddle. Ho turned his heavy box-stirrup outward a little and reaohed his right hand to her. Penelope put a trusting little foot on his; she mounted behind him. Two confiding onus wero thrown around him. I wot the behavior of tho geoUemau was iu marked contrast to tlmt of tlie fugitive owl; lio displayed no disposition to cscapo that gentle pressure. Thus thoy rodo out in tho briof Southern twilight. As thoy descended the slight rise, his heart sank as ho eaw tho larger crook; it wm running with tho flirocnetis of a turbulent rivet —tho current sotting with tho trond of its valley bed, and, therefore, not always in the middle'of tho stream. .Tho roaring waters wore plunging up tho slight deolivity foot by foot! Ho glanced back—tho looser branch and ibi encircling flats wore moving rapidly, tho tromondous volume of water outting them oil in tho rear. Tho only chance of permanent safety Fuyo Howe know was in tho great divide, stretching before him dimly lileo a despairing hope. Somotliing of tho desperation of the coming strugglo was in him, as ho turned in his saddle. 'Little ono,' ho said, throwing a strong arm around her in tho gathoring twilight, ' it is far, far worso than I thought. Your f nthor has notreturnod. Look at me, darling! Ho never will, ho uover can. Shall it be mine to take n wife with me to tho other sido ?' Ho folt tho pretty brawn arms tighten their clasp ; a little hoad sank upon his shoulder. Tlioro came to his listening ear a whisper fragrant with its inemorioi of buffalo clovor: 'Fayo, I reckon so.' Ho had not hitherto detected the latont poetry of this pcouliar Tozan idiom. ' Oscar,' who had haltod upon the eloping declivity as sternly as if carved in stono, immediately shivered and gavo a loud snort! it struck both ominously. llowe leaned forward over his strong neck and patted tho animal's ear, very inuah as an oporator tap* his telegraphic koy. It was an old familiar goaturounderstood by thomboth. Thorcustang sprang forward and was soon breasting tho hurrying flood, but sinking deoper thnft when tho water first swirled around him. IIowo disengaged himself from his stirrups, and, whispering to Penelopo, slippod from tho saddle, swinging oft' by tho girth. She took his place. And now the rushing, turbulent river boy iin to bring down on its current fragments of crcck-inargiu and grassy debris. A snako swam pust them in tortuous fright, Small stioks of timber drifted sidoways with the boiling flood, or shot swiftly pust, flying like darts, end-on. Tho raw-hide bound cowpen was breaking up and giving way. Swimming thus on his horse's loft, holding on by the saddle-girth, and shiolding with his own body tho tender limbs of her who was to bo his bride, IIowo shuddored as ho thought of the great pecans. At that instant < ho heard a loud orash up tho crock ; his fears were prophetic. Already under tho lee of tho great divide, ! ho was feeling n rising joy in his heart, when j ho noticed an uuoasy movement of his mustang's head. Ho strained his oyes through tho gloom, but could xeo nothing. Just as ho folt his horeo's fore-feot strilco the submerged prairie-bottom, a dark, ominous shape, swinging irresistibly with tho current on a fulcrum caused by the resisting bank, struck tho bravo head of tho noblo steed with tho forco of a thunderbolt. The striokon neck bowed rnutoly bofore tho great desttoyer, and with a single convulsive sigh the doomed animal yiolded up his life. The trunk of a hugo pecan that had caught in a hide eddy drifted slowly past and out into the rush of tho whirling creok, like some black and sullen loriathan. The eternal deerco of fate was done ! But Penelope and Fayo, loft thus in the rapidly shoaling water, were saved. Tho North ana South olasped hands at last. 