OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (PROM OUR OWN CORRESrONDENT.} Juno 5th. Melbourne just now is in a state of con valescence, pftor a very fororoattaoic of money moaslos, or more properly — ' spec fever.' During the past twelre months or moro tho contagion has raged, and during tho silver boom—its climax— the peopio of Melbourno wore literally mad with tho monoy making mauia. Mon sold out thoir, all and chancod it on 'change ; they mortgaged their earnings months bofore thoy otrnod them, nnd flang tbo discounted amount into the wator of tho whirl pool of fnrtuno Brokers sprann ud liko mustirooms— bco es in a night— and thero wore j more shearing shfds in Collins street during the '? boom' than thero aro throughout the A wholo of Now South Wales. Nor did this I supply of shoaring conveniences at all excced [ the demand, for the specnlative sheep— prioci- h pally lambs— flocked to bo shorn and loarnt at the same time that 'spocolation' can be made r to spell 'peculation' with simple easiness p (easo-an-s). If brokers roso liko moshrooms, fi silver mines multiplied liko footprints in soff. w sand traversed^ by a crowd. Everyone wafr-—-- - Ji'f silver silly until excitement became worn out iPV and sought its cause, and that found, became s impatient with waiting for the effect to fol low. Then'change becamo stockod with eilver stock uutil the mushroom brokers in their turn becamo tired of the stagnation which was profitless, and, returning their shares to the S clients for whom tbey hold them, thoy disap- \ pearod like mist beforo the morning sun. Silver mines being found minus silvor, tho gullible and gambling public criod out for Jand !- laud.1 i. land !! ! That was tho thing. That the safe investment. Then the land craze, whieh had bpeu slumbering during tho silrer fever, set in as ttrongly as over and land 10 and 15 miles from the city was sold at fabolous prices per foot. City property went f up to an enormous valuo, and vague rumours went abroad that the Rothschild's and oiher foreign millionaires, foarfnl of a Europoau war and Us ruinous results were in the field with millions of money, wherewith to purchase Melbourne land. Ono story wont that the Rothschild's ' ad offered or intended to offer the Government £30,000,000 for a 99 years' lease of tho West Melbourno 'swamp, 'au arei of about five miles ot flat and almost irre claimable maroh. Ono thing, howevor, is certain in connection - with the»e wealthy bankers ; it is that the premisos lately occu pied by Alston and Brown, drapers, have beon turned into offices, a; d named 'Rothschild Chambers.' This is fignilleant, arid yet may bo merely a matter of tancy nomencla ture, and nothing more. Well i ho land erase seems on the point uf oxpiring, although it would take very little to bring about a relapse. It received a bad blow from the Age the other day. A laud lottery company was anuounced, and its pro-»po;tu-, with tho names of some of our well known citizens, sncb as W. K. Thompson on its directorate, was issued. In a sub leador. the 'Ridical Kaa' came down on the^ concern, and administered a eovero \ castigatiou to the men who lent their names i to push what it denojnood im an illegal object, lhe .result wan that tho company abruptly parted, aud an advoi ti^ouitnt in the papers Lhe morning after the ii»min.Maiion in the Age miuouneed t!;at those who t^ad taken shares would hare their moue. returned in full. The Argus, two mornings after, came out with a lo.nier upon the -iniquities of all lotteries and raffle*, aud those counucted witu bind in par ticular, miking ono almost *eop ut rt o re appearance ot its roaUM'itAieJ^ commercial morality and moral rn.de-.tv. Tke Age told . the dirtv story — the Argus pointed the moral \ of it. This is as is usual. It is the fashion in theae days ufcompul-orv education aud cla-sic pedantry to' see anil criticise every new Hamlet that appears upon tho eta^e. Charles Warner has, : duriug the past week, been giving ua his id™ of Shak speare'. greatest conception, nnd all of us having seeu it we have, in the clubs and ball, rooms, been discussing it. Ot course daring such a' discussion tho old controrocuv as to the state of Hamlet's mind— whether mail or oauo —has been revived, and is raging with iutenso fury, and ono cannot help pitying the spirit of tho poor unfortunate Prince of centuries ago, which is thus Loing mado the subject of so personal a dispute us the state of one's mind must always be. 'Though Hamlet's Humlet's body's long decayed, The ghost of Hamlet's ghost is not yet laid,' ' Nor ever will it be as long as mou have thoughts and tongues to tell them. Warner distinctly favors the 'm id' theory ' and gives an interpretation of tho character which, for lunatic boi*tero- isne sb aud raving lumuy could not be beaten by tho bo«t BedUmiti iu Bedlam. Without doubt he gives Lhe maddest representation of Hamlet's, feeling that has ever beeu pourtrayod beforo on a Melbourno stage, or by any other actor but himself. The ^ryw-aimpiy rave* over Warner's perform ance, but then you soo that highly respectable organ favors the 'mad' theory also, -«iud it is only because of that that its most gushingly flattering critique can bo justified for the general opinion goes that Warner's Humlet was Hamlet bnrle^qued, and could, be more appropriately styled Hamlet's Warner, mo liko was the actor in bis ShakspoFian part to tho character of the drunkou Coupean, which he personated in 'Drink.' iris Hamlet was Coupean, the plumper spouting Shakspeare, and his coupeau was Warner talkiag drunk. Ou Friday the case of Mrs Rappiport came on for rehearing owing to the dissatisfaction of the police authorities with tho -e«ultof the first trial. I do not think that your readers have beeu fully informed of the facts of this somewhat remarkable busiuoss. Briefly, they ar°?iTll49C' S*mon Eraser, tho wifo of an oxtM.F., was staying at Mornington, a ' ; fashionable watering-pla^e. She was iq bathing one morning, and on re- drossing, dis covered that she had lost her watch and chain WA u j kuiband s parliamentary railway-pass attached. Her suspicious we'e immediately aroused, and the detectives being informed, Mrs Rappiport, the wife of a J.P., wa- ques tinned on the eubject, with the remit that she handed ovor to the dotective the missing jewelry, which she was wearing at the time with the request that he would hush the ? matter up. Being asked how the property came into her possession, Bho said that hor [Ittlo boy Jjadbrought it to hor, and she, thinking Mrs ffraser wanted jt loss than Bho did, kept it, In my previous lottors I have told you the result of iho first proceed ings against this woman, that. of the second : proseoution la the satno-tho case , was again dismissed. It i, hoped that this very - '- disagreeable matter has now been finally dealt . i ! with, although there is a section in the city, \V1 aQ,. ''pported by the Argus too, which is not ? ' satisfiod with tho result of the caso, and which presses for still furtli r proceedings. VVa all know that morally speaking tho woman de serves the same puuishment for her sin ' a»' any one lower in the social scale than she, bat despite all that, m-»t men are agreed that circumstances alter cases,' aod to the' case/, of Jurs Rappiport tho rule i. applied, and it is generally ho^od that if only for the sake ol her -elatives and friends, the unfortunate' ? ' altair m which she was so pitiably implicated will now be dropped and forgotton, ' 