t SELECTED POETRY. ' 1 ' 1 " -» ' ) !' FA.IiT.jKN Ity TIIK'WAY: ' j IIy G, It. SlSIU. f ' Don t bo n'fooVand blub, Jiin;" it's a darned good itliing. for yen — . f You'll Iind a ihatn as can eavry and '11 play , the music too ; 1 1 111 done this tune, for a . dollar--! can . : i, -.hardly got my breath s There's soiiiuthing. as tolls mo, sombliow, > , . ".Bill Joy, you bo took for death." j It's a wessol gono bust, and a' big 'un ; I can \- hardly speak -for blood j, ! It's ithojjTast day's tramp as 'as dono .it!— tho hiJilrand the miles o'mud. | Thoro ain't not tho sign of a light, Jiiii, in tins Qod- forsaken spot j Hunt for some waiter, pnvdner;.for my lips is. burning hot. How much ha' we took-to-day, Jim ? Why not a single brown, i- And our show was ono o' tlio best onoo, and wo rode from town to town j 1 Nowit's dirty and old and battorod, and tlio puppets is wus for wear, ' ' ' 1 And thoir arms and thoir legs is shaky, and their backs is rcg'lar bare. 1 , i ' I ain't done my 'share- o' the work, mate, Binoo I went that quoov in tho eliost, But I dono what I could, old follow, and you knoiv as I did my best j And now— well, I'm dona, I reckon ; it's lifo as is flowing fast — Stick' to mo, Jim— don't leave mo it's the' end as is come at last. . There's Toby a-waggin', his tail thoro j poor eliap, how he'll miss 1110, Jim ! — Whoever you takes for mate, mind, they ain't to bo 'ard on 'im j i For I 'ad liim a six woek's puppy, and I taught liim to box with Punch— ' 'What was the sound in tho distance? I fancied I. heard a scrunch. Nothin' — ah well, no matter 1 I thought 'twas a footstep p'r'aps. A traveller as might ha'd liolp'ed us, or. one ;' o tliem farmer chaps. A. doctor might stop the bleodin' ; but there's never a chunco o' one. I'll bo cold and dead iu Oho mornin' — yor poor old pardncr's done. I fool just as if I was eliokin' and I'm, 0, so faint and low . Prop 1110 agon tho boxes, so I can seo the show — Tho dear old show and tho puppets, Juily and' Punch and all ; I'd.j1"iCL-i3t to soa 'em again, Jim -so prop iMOX' i'o I fall. O the»un\js that we've been together, I and tlie puppets and you And Toby, our faithful Toby —ah, when tho show was new I Do yo think of tlio time, old follow, when first we took tho road, And she was with us, God bless her ! and never a grief wo knowed ? It may bo as God '11 lot her look down from the sky to-night, From out o' tho stai-3 up yonder, whero slio sits in the Halls o' Light — Look down on the poor old showman and see as liis time is nigh, And lie's comin' to join his darlin' wlioro thero'e never no moro Good-bye ! O, Jim, how I well remember tho night as my sweetheart died. When sho lay by tho woe dead baby; only a nine mouths' hi ido. 'Twas tho fall from tlio stilts as did it, and the wild, rough lifo wo led : -D'ye mind what sho whispered dyin — the beautiful words she said? 'Twas when she know sho was goin' ; I'm seeing lior wan white chock And tlio sweet sad smilo tliat lit it when she tried so hard to spep-k ; When sho took our hands and joined '0111, and bade us, through bad and good, Bo pals, and stick tight to each other ! and both on us Baid wo would. I know as you loved lior first, Jim, and hod loved her all along, And I see how you 'id yor foolin's when you soo ns you'd counted wrong ; But you stuck like a pal to the bIiow, Jim, and you worked and whistled away, And she never guessed your secret, or she wouldn't ha' been so gay. I fancy tlio doar old days, Jim, when sho was alive, poor lass — The feasts that wo had by tlio liodgos, and . tho chats in the long green grass, And tlio cosy nights at tho taverns, when tlie coins came- rolling in : How we laughed wlion she puffed our baccy, and protended to drink ourgin I Then Toby, a gay yoiuig follow, would lie by, tlio fire and doze, While the missis worked at tho puppets, and altered and turned thoir clo's ; And Jiuly and Puucli and Joey wore never so smart beforo, And tho Ghost liad a nieo wliito gown on, as a clergyman might lia' wore. She wont in the cruel winter, when tho broad was hard to get, When wo trampod and slept in tho cowsheds, hungry aud cold and wot. How far am I from her grave, Jim ? All, a hundred miles maybe ; To lio by tlio Bido o' one's darlin' ain't meant . for the likes o' me. Tho pai'isli '11 bury me hero, Jim— here where I chanco to die ; Oomo to the gravo and seo mo, and. bid 1110 a last good-bye. " You can bring the show and tho puppets, and Toby, and beat tho drum ; Who knows but that I may hear it in tho wonderful Kingdom Come ? I'm goin', old pal — don't blubber and look with that skeerod white face ; Staud by me hero to tho last, lad s it's a hor rible louely place ; Stoop, for I'll havo to whisper — 0, my eyes grow strange aud dim,- And I fool liko poor old Punoli feels who 11 tlie hangman comes to hiui. I warn't much uso as a pardner, aud I ain't not been for a year, This bustin' 0' wessols and corfin' has made 1110 that awful queer, I'd liko to ha' got to a willago or lia' crawled as fnr as a shod : Jim, if 1 lose iny senses, stay till yer know ' I'm dead. 0, it's hard to die in the opon — hero on a country road j That's a matter o' sentynuuit, ain't it ? well sentymunt jes' bo blowod ! For wlioro can a cove dio better than undor a starlight sky, ' With his pardncr's arms about him aud a tear in his pawner's eyo? Now I want yor to do me a favor — it's tlio . last as I'll ask ye, Jim — There's a mist comin' over my oyoballs, and my sonses scorns to swim ; Sot up tho show in tlio road thoro — there where tlio moonlight bo — Lot down tho haizo and work it, now, whilo I've strength to seo. Givo 1110 tho -drum a ininit — I can hardly l-aiso tlio stick Now, aro yo ready, pardnov ?— up witli tho ' curtain quick I Tho blood comes faster and faster— that's it ! Ah, Punoli, old boy, And Judy, anil thoro's tho Baby, and Toby, the uhildron's joy. Pooi' Toby, I10 knows there's trouble ; for seo how lio hangs his tail ; Bark at tho Bobby, Toby, lia's a-takin' old Punch to goal, Wlioro havo you gone to, pavdner? Wlioro havo you put tlio show ? I soo but tho big, black shadows that darker and darkor grow. ' " I know what it is— tlio signal! Put down tho pipes and drum. I'm ott to tho distant country — tho tonoh on tho Bliouldor's eomo. Shall I take any mossago for you, Jim ? I shall soo her up there, uiaybo, Aud I'll toll her how hard you worked, mate, and tho pal aajyou'vo boon to 1110. Jim, whoii I'm Jgono I wants yor jist to look in the box and take Tho ragged old dross we _ kopt thoro and treasured for her ewoot cake— . . The drosB that she made for Judy — and lay it upon my breast ; And I wiin I; you, tho day l'mbiiricd/to givo the 'show a rest. ' . ' , Bring '0111 away to tlio .churchyard, and show 'cm thoir master's gravo! ' ' £„ .. . Now' take up your pipes and blow 'em, and ' . tip us a farewell stave. Miud, when you'r choosin' a mate, Jim, don't liavo a rogue or muff i Make him liandlu the puppets gentlu, for thoy'vo hover liodn treated rough; Givo me tho dog a ininit— seo how ho licks iny cheek, Now for a tune on tho pipes, mate, and speak us tho puppets- speak;" It'B tho musia I've lived my lifo to— let 1110 hoar ib tigain and dio. I'm 11-goin' to her — I'm goin'— God bless yor, Jim! — good-byo. 