THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. M, NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AT BUBASTIS, TEB?? Ui ES.) The excavation of the Great Temple of Bubastia (the ruins of which,it will be remem bered,werediscoveredlastyear byM. Navilel) was resumed some five or six weeks ago, and is now in full progress. Former operations conducted by the Egypt Exploration Fund have for the most part been carried on in places remote, from the beaten track; bus M. javills .. by .marohnl. :his iLUle army of diggers to Tell Basta, has brought his work not only within an easy distance of Cairo, but within a few minutes' walk of 2agazrig, the meeting¢-place of a aet work of.rS.way r Ud Ie., tang ?aad s.5.,e of the Egyptiatn cotton trade, Zsagalg station may be described as the Malines of the Eastern Delta-the bourne for which every traveller, whether his destination be Damletta, Mansurah, Salahlyeh, Suez, or Port Said, is Inevitably bound. As all trains stop here, and as there-is generally a dreary hiatus of a couple of hours between the arrival of the Incoming train and the de parture of the next, it may readily be imagined whith what eagerness the tourists of the present season-are just noa thronging to the paens of M. -Naville's labours, The work of the Egypt Explora tlon Fund has, in short, become a popular institution; and instead- -of living like anehorites in- desert solitudes where the impress of a- patent leather boot .upon the sands was as startling a novelty as the famous foot-print on the-shore of Robinson Crusoe's Island, the explorers are now oheered by- the daily visits of -numerous travellers of all ranks and nationali ties. The soone is curiously plctureaque. Here, grooped together on the' verge of .the great Cemetery of Sacred Cates, are the teats of the -officers of the Fund ; yonder, swarming like bees at the bottoi of the huge dcrater-like depression which marks the area of the temple, are seen 300 to 400 labourers-diggers in the trenches and pits, ba'sket-oarriera clearing away. the soilai it is throdh out. overseers to keep thb 'igi rs 'aat work, _'' pathway-men" to keep the paths open and the carriers moving, gangs cf- brawny " Shayalin?', or native 'porters, i'artiesed- - together by stodt ropes, knd hauling 'or turning culpi tured "blocks which have not seeh the light for many- centuries; girle With bowls of water and" sponges, to wipe down the carved surfacea'preparatoryrto the process of takiog paper "'squeezes;" and smallboys to rin on errands, help with the measuring'tapes;- nd tkep' guard over the cents and baggage; With so many hi?de it work and eo'mauy:overseere to keep' 'them going, it is noe-wonderful that the excava 'lone make rapid progress. The two large pite which were opened last seation skre'now thrown into oie; and are being enlarged from east to west, following the axis of the strud ture; The sides are also being cleared, and before another montli~hall have' expired the whole teinple --of which, app.rently, not one stone remains upon another-will be visible from end to end. Its entire length is probably abhudt .7001t." or'800ft: ;' bht measurements, of course, are as yet purelr on. wega a... sitr rea.ersan taiiRits' sunk last season disclosed she site e' grand hypostyle hall, strewn with fallen mono. lithio : columns' of the' twelfth dynasty workmanship, and a hall without columns, but lined as " it should seem with elaborate has-relief sctlpthres repreaent= ing a great religious ceriemony, and executed hieroglyphic inocriptiona. The columns of architraves of hypsityle-ball; though of an earlier period, are emblazoned with the ovals of Rameess Il. The inecrip. tiona of the festival hall commemorate Osorkon II., of the twenty*seednd dynasty; and his Quee. Karoama. Besides the two hietorical landmarks thus determined, various 'bl6cks bearing the names of Userteeen III. and Pepi Merira, teetified to the existenbe of the edifioe not only in the days of the first greatl'heban' Emplre, bhut 'in the very remote age of the Pyramid Kings of the 6:h dynasty. At the same time, a small tentative excavation at the western extremity of the site yielded the name and titles of Nctanebo I, of the' 30th and last native dyne ty.. Such being' the outcome of bht four wenoalt 'labour at the close of the season in 1887, it seemed reasonable to hope 'for important results' when the excavations should b6 resumed.' This hope Is being nimore than fulfilled; and' every week--it might almost be said every day-yields some new and valuable-link in: thec hain of historio evidence. - ' A third hall, dating from the 'reign of: Oaorkion I.; has now been found betwee., the hyposetyle b'll: of gBaimees II. and the' festival ball of Osoirkoi II. " The' roof was! supported by tio'lar?e columnse with palm capitals, and the walli were soulptured With basLrelleis on a large asale, representing' Osorkon I. In the act of Worshippicg Bast a t other deities of the city. Eastward that Is to say, at the eind by which the temple was entered-two tarallel trenches have revealed the site of a colosinnde; and here the base'of'a statue of Neotanebt I. has been found; thus showing that he mdeB additions 'o both eitremities of the structure. The western end, now In course of excavation, appears to be of great width; but Its length Is as yet iot ascertained, That it conta&ns; the sanctuary may betaken for granted; aind the saaofuary is'probably the work of ieetanebo. Unlike most Egypisn temples, the great lemple, of Bast do?a not appear to have been proteoted by one of these a.ssive erude brick, walls which rendeied the temples of Karnak and Tanis as impregnable as fortresses. Heroa dotus "express-y states that it was sur rounded by.a' "low wall having figres engraved upon it ;" and this low well, likt. the lendid o o?een ren.ede eonud ebe" iet te?p. of Edfoo. wa eviden-ly of Wtooe senuiptured in bas-relief. Like the rest of the building, it must have been of red granite, and we may hope that some portions of it may yet be dlesoveed. The Bbastites, at all evenSt., seem t1 have been too proud of their famountemple to mask it beauties by acirosit ofuneightly ramparts. So muodh for the progress made in exoava ting the diSjetsl'membra of the bhiding; the ' nds'," however, are yet- more note worthy . ... " That ubsatis was the iite of an Iam portant Hyklsos settlement Is what no one eospected; but it is a fat conoclusively established by the work of. the present s-seon. Two black oranite statues (oreni n fnrtunately bedalaess) of tbe nmistakeablc Hyksos. type, thelower halt "of a seated statue of an unknown king, also of Hyksos work, and a flS red granite architrave en. graved iwith th eartonuchl of Apepi, the ,.ost fasmoss of the Hykeoi rulers, have been discovered, all tear together within the last three weeks. The first found of the biaok granite pair is hes described in one of the weekly reports despatched to the com mittee of the Egypt Expl'ration Fond by i. Naville: ' In digging to thesouthward of the Hall if Oorkon I, we found firat the headdress if a colossal statae in black granIle, the ,ead broken jushtafit the level of *hq. eyes, od presently the. lower part of the face. she lets elsel?'aid tle'lierd area amged,. 't the right side i perfeot, and the two l halivgo6ibjj iy,2 '·The Iliaoi' the face is Hykgos ;th soeunkei phae'apo the projecting month being- e'dtit' like thoseof the Tanis sphinxes:"'The headdres Isthe *nedve with the uoras. Thebase and feet of this statue'? re still lying at the bottom of a, deep pool, whence they will have to be hauled out when the water has some. what subsided. A statue of a Bykos Kibg wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royalty'is certainly unique." The companion statue (headless) was found on y ten days ago: also "ti a pool 'of water. 'Osorkon II. hbas engraved his ovals on the side of 'the throne on which the statue sits, and has erased those ofRameses II. which that Pharoah had cut upon the front, beside the right leg of the statue, having himself erased the names of the original owner, whomsoever he may'have been. As these statues were found near the architrave of Apepi,. it is probable enough that they are portraits of that king. The other Hyksos 'statue, broken off at the waist, is' yet more remarkable. Mr Naville writes, under date 18th March:- "Oar most important discovery up to the present time was made yesterday morning. I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished blacl granite which I thought might belong 'to some good monument, and I had it unotarthed yesterday. It'proved to-be the lower half of a lifesize figure of • very beautiful' 'workmanship; with two I columns of fiuely-cut' heiroglypbs engraved I down each side cf the front of the throne to' right and left of the legs of the statue. These insecriptions give athe om dm. n. t nites of m sasotsabe le9yntknd ' 'ing : who, judling from' She' work,'eC. is belong to the HLykeos p?riod; 'or, at ell ev'nts,'td one'of the'obsoctre dynasties pire ceding the Hykecas invastn?.?- 'joe.nrd' a "oo"oe-t" s ?r-psros.r sne cartonche contains a sign which is quite new to me, and which I therefore cannot decipher. The other ireads * ian-Ra' or 'Raian'-a name unlike any I have ever seen. He is do e soribed, most strangely, as the worshipperof his Ka (i e., his ghost or'd?ible)"." Sines writing the above, I' have been over to Boulak, and haie"s a'boii' gy copy of the inscriptions to Ahmed Kemal. edDeein 'Effendi; teie Mahomedan official attache?'to'the mnuseum. He was deeply interested,' and said at once, ' That is the Pharaoh of Joseph. ' All our Arab books call him Reiyan, the san of El Welid,'- 'He then wrote 'the name for 'me in Arabio, which I enclose herewith. 'For my own part I know nothing'of Arab' literatthre or Arab tradition. ' I should nop, however,"lie die posed to attach much weight to this carious 5 coincidence. Still, It is curious, and t certainly intereatieg." Such' is M. Naville's ascount of this remarkable statue, which is' now drawing crowds of visitors to Tell Basta. and has just been photographed by Emil Brugach 5 Bey, leader of the Bonlak Museum, and an accomplished photographer. The photo. graph giveds airont view of the inscribed throne with'the legs and' feet of the statue. It aisoeshows the left thigh, foreshortened and'clad in the striped '' shenti," or folded' kilt The mutilated fingers of the left hand are seen re ing on the left knee. ' Thee modelling of'the knees and legs is 'admir: able, and the hieroglyphs are brilliantly'out, the king,' in' addition to his cartoioheh, being styled the " Good God," anid the " Son of Ra,"'; ' . The name, as. pointed out by M.. Naville, may be read wich the syllable "Ra" as either a prefix or a suffix-as, for instance, Rameri and Raenuser may with equal pro. priasy be rendered a' Merira and Userenra. Whether'we'ttke it as"" Isi-Ba" ore" Ra 'ian," the'"name' of 'thise" ew King has is atrange"h'·ribaric aspect; end 'looks like un I attempt at'"Writing d' foeign' nhmei. in Egyptian characters. 'That it exactly tresoliteatee the " Er.Reiytu " of Arab tradliion cannot be denied; but it moat be. remnembered that. Oriental I tradition' is notoriously untrustiorthy, andti that' the Arab" name g?n to Joseph's Pnaroah is"' evideitly'''ain apperlative; bsing'jire?eded, 'like' thatof his ' father," by the article. 'Arab write'r of Egypthan history are, In fact, miuch upon ,a par with the authors of the' Arthurian cycle and 'the tales of' the Paladins of Cha*le. tmirage' of romance. They regarded the :monuments 'of ancient Egypt as 'orks of magie, and 'the' Pharbabsh 'who built them as ' mighty 'sorcerers ; and if here 'and there a thread of genuine local tradition be ' ihterwoven with the fabuliii tissue of their narratives, the Swhole Is so clearly, unhistorical that .wp ossdae-spsfr o .s-. af6lroolys'sepsr.'OSg the true from the false. Joseph 'isthe beloved hero of a multitude' of Arab legende, and where the Biblical narrative of his life fails' to supply any special detail, such as a proper name, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from' piirely "Arab 'sources. Thus Potiphar'e wife becomes Zolelka, and *he anonymous Pharaoh is introduced as an Amialekile Prince named Er Rieyan, the son of El Welid.. That 'the straoger hordes which invaded Egypt under the' leadeabhip' of the "Hymsos may have inoluded an Amalekite con?l.gens is not lmposblble ;' for the iAmalekite' of old were' a mighty nation, and their territory bordered upon Egypt., But if we turn to the pages of El Makrizi-a sober wri er; worthy of all credit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and such other subjects as came within his kn?awledge and observa: tion--w at o?nce ?sehe" ow little a fairly trustworthy Ara "ina"' be trusted when bis only sources --of Information are the legends transmitted ''by his' own countrymen; ' Having related' how the' Amalekitee, led by.Welid, son of Dumi', invaded Egypt, then ruled by "Aymen of a.0os" and elew"theEgyptians " with an exceeding great slaughter." he goes on to say that the followers of Welid chose him to reign over them, and thit his rule lasted for 100 years. "And he went forth to attain ! the ohtorees of the Nile, and he beheld the, IMount'ai?ei' 'of the' Mon; and' he. wase abseilt for fertyyears." He then returned to Egypt,' and again 'subdded 'Pharouh Aymen. who again opposed him."' "And Pharaoh Aymen flee, and Welid reduced lbsh'peoplel 0 Egydt 'b slavery. and ruled dyer them' "fdd' '120''years .till he perished;" 'J.., And his son 'Er Relyan, the son'of El 'Welid;, the son 'of' Domi,' one of the Amalekites reigned'; and be was.one of the most powerfol of the people of the earth in his time, and the greatest King. Now the Amalekitees were deesended from Amlik, son of Land (Lid): eon of Sam (Shem); son of Nos (Noahn; ans'Er Relyan was the Pharaoh ofaoepl~. o ibhdtmbe . peace And it islaid that the Parnoh of Joseph wa the grandfather of the Pharaoh of Moses, his father's father, and hise name wae Barkhu band he was.lofty of stature and beaucllul"Otr' counotenagos. Aq&d.Is; him e.5LedDselo, son of Er*Rytya, and he was the fourth Phsraoh:bad Yusuf (Joseph) was h~gKils Ktsafa" ' .. . . . Brief as thbisettract is. it sufos to bow the fanolful charater,', the glarin'gCoBntra. dietions, and the utter valuelessnesa of Egypsia. history when written with the reed .en of the Arab chronicler. Tbs iovasion of the Amalekiass bseed 'Iprhas on some vagne memory of the Eyksos eonquest--vanishes into the region of fable, and the vie orlose"prinoes whose family-tree begins with Noas, take their place among the shadowy heroes of the Thotuane ahd One Nights: That the learned 'and ourieoni Ahimed Kemal-ed: Deen Efendi (who' Is, be It obseied, the only OrieihtalEgyptblogLst in the world, and I a good hieroglyphclo seholar), shoutld nave 1 recognised the Muslim nae -'6f Reiyan in that of the unknown Hykeos k'ng is a pieturesque incident whlob at once appeals to our imagination, baut the de duotion is one which Eur.pe.n scholars are bonud to reesive witn extreme rePserve. In the meanwhile it must be conceted that the letter-for-letter identity of the two names is, 'to say the least of it. very ex'raordlnary. We must not, however, forgt that "' Ra?an" may with equal oorretnesu be 'read C " Ian-Ba" and "lan-RB" is curionely like the name of the Hyksoa "'Ianas" or ' Janlas," who, in a long., quota.. e tion wh'oh professes to be given ve. batim from Manetho by Joseplus (nw e to Api n, Book 'l.,'e?eoio n" ib ' nis .alid't6 J have reigned'for flfty years and onemoolh, si and'tehavelbieen shfie ieiiiioaf Apophis and the predecessor of,Aseis., , It would be mnreasonableto doubt thatlannas la as truly an historicol personage as Aepi, and it is as least possible .that Iannau and Ian.Ba * may be one and the same. That Joseph served a Hykeos king has longbeen accepted a by'the majority of Egyptologiets as a very probable hypothesis, both chronologically and from the internal. evidence of the c Biblical narrative, Otherdiscverles, scarcely less linteresting, have rewarded the labours of the fortunate explorers. The fact that the 18th Egyptian dynasty-the famous dynasty of. the Thothmes and Amenhotep Kings-should have left no 'races of their power in the great cities of the Delta, has long been. a puzzling problem. Within the last three weekes however, two life-size statues of a scribe of that . period have been found. Though otherwise perfect they are unluckily headless. The figures sit cross-legged, each ho'ding a half-unrolled papyrus scroll upon his lap, his name and titles being engravenon the scroll, From these inacrip tions we learn that his name was Amenho tep, and that he was styled "the Prince, the great friend who loves his Lord, the Chief of the Works of his King and of the Provinces, and of the Msrshlands.of the North." He wears a loose garment secured by braces, and on the brooch-like ornament which connects the braces, as well as upon his right shoulder, is engraven the' oar touche of Amenhotep III. Kbnenaten, the din - worshipping Pharoab, who seessd??d Am?ntioesD. IUL. Aa ?nended sennd by a scnlptured fragment oontaining the inored oval of. Aten- Ra, the deity of the dido. These objects are of great historical moment, inasmuch as they ahoe' (1) that the temple of Bast, after being enriched by the Hyksos Kings, and before being rebuilt by Rameesi II., was yet flourisbing in the time of the Restoration; and (2) that the disc-worship promulgated by Khuaenaten extended to the Delta. Till now it has been traced no farther northward than Memphise. . Among other valuable finds bearing.upon the historical continuity of the temple may be mentioned a colossal head and torso in red granite, inscribed with the ovals of Rameses II. (19th dynasty), 'aid a blasck grarilte statue of this King, of heroic else, the striped head-dress coloured .. alternately amber., and .blue, the hands resting on the . knees, and bearing the following iosoription --"As long as the world shall last, thy monuments will pros per, O, King -Rameses." This. fine statue is broken in two, but is other wise uninjured, there have also, been fonod (1)'a head and torso of a standing king in red granite,-probably Ranmees VI. (20th dynasty) ; (2) a small basalt statue bf a Saite priest bebring the. cartouehes of Apries, the Biblical Hophra (26th dynasty); (3) a beautiful fragment of a statue pf Neotanebo I. (30th dynasty); (4) two Greek inscriptions on black granite dedi cated to Ptolemy. V. and Queen Cleopatra I., by one Apollonias, 'soi of Tbheo6, who styles himself "one of the King's friendb; "thus carrying on the his ,ory of 'the,temple ,to:the, second century o c. A very important inscription;, on ;a block belonging to the festival hall has al o turned up, giving the 'date of the festival, which,' strangely enough, proves to have been held in honour of the Thebah god Amen, in the 'twenitj-second year of the reign of Osorkon I,, on "the.first'day of the lsat'moditl'ofS?ha," the seasoino inun dation I. M.Na?ille writes : : ".But, what-is mosl extraordinary is the -vast number of colossal statues which must have crowded the temple before the festival hali was built, nearly ill such as were'of red granite' having been out up wholesale by Osorkoh for building blocks. .We constantly discover pcas? ges of the festival'ini?riptions on ffagmenta. of statues which have been built JIn.thbe walls; and it is not at all un usual to find part of a sacred boat which is being carried in prosesslon upon -priest'. shoulders, on one side of a blonk, and on tihe other side a head of Bamease II.-- eomtimees defaced, but sometimes In a fair state of preservation. So little did the 'kn of SSuch .aresome of the splendid results of the explorations carried on by M. Naville, assisted, as last year, by Mr. F. Llewellyn Galflith and Couot d'Hulet, daring the last few weeks at Tellt Basta; and the reason is not yet over. Who shall say what 'new treasures'the'next month may not bring to light. or wha, new facts oonnected with the obsero bae eeopty lnaemrtnoe sya? peorseon may not be in stcre for ons Except only the great temple of Tans, 'excavated -by Mariette some twenty.eight years ago, no Egyptian ruin upon so colossal a abate has been systematically explored, or has yielded so rich a harvest. 