WAS SHE GUILTY ? CHAPTER XXIV.— Continued.) " Lord Calvert, you will excuse me ii I do not reply to such a question/' said Beatrice, at length. " It is not for me to enter into such matters with those who have no right to pry into our family affairs. It is enough if my father aud my husband are satisfied on a point that concerns them alone." " Not bo, Mrs. Fleming," said Guy, firmly. "It is for the crashed and j injured victims of a gross and fraudu- j lent imposture to insist on truth and I justice being done; and if you are I innocent — or, at any rate, guiltless— I of all but a weak and sisterly partici pation in the matter, you should be grateful to me for exposing it, and saving you from its consequences." Blanche had Bunk on a seat tbat Btood near the spot where she had half-concealed herself, but still she did not speak. She seemed to await her sister's next words ere she could venture a word, or even look, at Guy's stern ' face. "Lord Calvert, peace!" were the first words which came, with a tremor, on the stillness — " If yon are a gentle man — a man of common honour and feeling — have some consideration for that poor stricken girl. She is your own kinswoman, ana my sister. I will not permit her to be tortured with impunity." "And do you venture to compare your love for her to miae ?" he ex claimed, vehemently. "Yes to mine!" he added, as he saw Beatrice's air of incredulity. " Even now, when I de spise and loathe the sin she has, I be lieve, committed, I am unable to tear the weakness from my heart ; I can not help the folly which has become, as it were, entwined with every thought and feeling. She has been my loadstar since I was of an age to comprehend what love and beauty and goodness meant. A false, delusive light," he went on, bitterly, " that has lured me to misery and ruin ! " There was a real agony, a complain ing force, in his tone, that went straight to Blanche's heart, in spite of his sharp reproaches. She sprang up involuntarily from her place, and took a step or two forward, with clasped hands and bending form. "Guy, Guy, do not! I — t have always loved — always prized your love l " burst from her lips. t Then Beatrice's dark, frowning brow stopped further utterance. And she sank back, with her bowed head hidden in her hands, without attempting to continue her passionate exculpation. " Pardonme !">he interposed coldly ; " I have no wish to make a scene here, Mrs. Fleming. I only desired to as certain the truth, and it cannot be denied or disproved, it is for me to take Buch action as may be desirable in my judgment. Mrs. Fleming, it is my duty to apprise your husband of the injnry he has received, unless yon can convince me that neither you nor your sister have any knowledge what ever of the personB and facts that I believe have been concerned in this wretched business." Beatrice conld take time to con sider, now she had a tolerable insight into what was likely to occur, and the best means to obviate it. She laid her hand on the Earl's arm, and looked pleadingly in his face, saying, " For my sake — for that of one who is certainly more deeply injured than any other persons wore your suspicions true — forbear ail this, dear Guy! "Wait for the result — for the working out of events. If it were true, it is nearly ovor — all the sorrow and the grievance. If this poor child is living, it must 1)9 known ; if not all the mischief is remedied without scandal. Why add to the misery al ready caused by all this vehemence ? ' " Beatrice, you are innocent or you could not speak like this," returned the Earl. " The very ring of truth is in your words ; I beg forgiveness if I wished it otherwise — if I almost repine that I am tho desolate and suffering one, instead of your husband. Only one word more, and 1 have done, it ia a desperate hope after what I have heard and know ; yet I will ask you this one question. Will you assure me, on your honour — your plighted word— that, so far as you know, all I hare said iB groundless, and that the child, Basil, is your-father and mother's lawful son ?" Blanche's Hps were partod, as with evident impatience she awaited the murmured reply on which so mnch might hung. At length it came in a tremulous voice." " How can I tell ? I might have been deceived like others ! You can scarcely suppose I would willingly give up all such precious rights !" she faltered. " All I ask is for peace and patience till the end comes," "Peace!" he repeated. "Peace and patience ! Oh, yes ; a very nice jargon; but I am in no mood to .stand it! At. least I will be con vinced either of my injustise or have it rightly punished. I will atone for the wrong I have done. Nay, do not attempt to argue with me i" ho ex- elaimod patiently,, as Beatrice laid her hand softly on his arm. "I believe / you aro innocent. I feel you :are only striving to cover your your suter's infamy, but it is of no avail where I am concerned; and -she ia utterly debased in my opinion, .now and for ever." Ho "mdind from the iL'i'tu.;: . I:.: without; /riving . -one -moment's lime tor reply, and iu brief interval more they heard tlio door close violently behind him. There was silence for a time. Then Beatrice approached hor sister with a kind of deprecating air. "Blanche, have courage. Ho is unjust because he is iu love. Some day, when all is blown ovor, be will be at your feet," she said, with tenderness. "The girl impatiently shook off the hand that touched hers. " Beatrice, leave me alone ; let me be in such peace as remains to me. At least, I should reconcile myself in my own way to what is before me." " Nonsense, Blanche. As if we ought not at least to pull togtlior iu this trouble," remonstrated tho other, half pettishly, though there was ter ror in her tone. " Ho one can really hurt us since ho is dead.'' " Beatrice, I cannot be certain of that, rl am almost confident I saw him, or his very ghost," said Blanche, shuddering. Then added, bitterly, "It matters not ; I can suffer little more; I am well nigh desperate now." " But you will be firm — you will keep your word ; you will defy all this idle threatening?" pleaded Beatrice, anxiously. "I have sworn !" answered Blanche, calmly, though the icy coolness of despair, rather than a softer compo sure, was in her mien. " I shall cer tainly not break iny oath, even for safety or happiness. Y ou can be at peace sofar, Beatrice " — tbis with scorn, as she rose to depart. " Torture should not force me to that am, however guilty Guy believes me. But it is miserable, wretched, to drag on such a life. "Would tbat I were dead'" and sbe rushed from the room and fled to her own chamber, to indulge alone the agony that she had hitherto fenced in as by prison bare. CHAPTER XXV. Musgrave Fleming walked into his on n modest domain with the air of a man who has just heard stunning news, which had converted, as it were, his very blood to blackness and gall. And as he entered his wife's presence, she fairly shrank from contact with his gloomy aspect. "What is it dearest — what has vexed you ?" she asked, timidly. "What is it?" he exclaimed. " Dare you say you do not know the cause of my fierce misery and resent ment? If you do, I shall but see how basely perjured you are, woman. At least, strive, if possible, to tell the truth, when it is hopeless to deceive by lies." "No, no," sbe said, eagerly; "you need not fear it. All tbat I can, I will do at your bidding, Musgrave. Only be just and kind to your wife, whatever cause you may have for anger and bitterness with those dear to her." " And would you have me forgive them — are you so confiding?" he said, with a sneer ; "or will you give them up now and ever, if you can prove yourself innocent? Answer me that, Beatrice." " Yes, yes, yes !" she said, eagerly. " Only be kind and good to me, Mus grave ; and if there is guilt, spare the punishment when' atonement can be made. Yon will not repent, "but be spared such grief and scandal by the mercy," she went on, casting herself at his feet, and clinging to his knees in utter humility of soul. " I !" he said, sternly — " I ! — what do you think — what expect, Beatrice? If such infamy, as I believe, is attached to the name we both bear, it must be for me to vindicate it in the light of the world." "And how — how?" she demanded. "Musgrave, would you kill me ?" she went on impetuously, banging to the hand he strove to free from hor grasp. " Perhaps, by a divorce," he said, coolly ; " may be, by relieving myself from any such clogging tieB." " No, no, no !" she exclaimed ; " you shall not. I should die — it would kill me — stab mo to the heart, Mus grave, for you to visit these sins on me — your innocent wife." "How do I know you ate innocent?" was the hesitating rejoinder. " It maybe so. I am told there is one far more guilty than yourself. Still, you must hnve bad some idea of tho wretched truth; you joined in the deceptions practised — tho frauds on my dearest rights and feelings." There was a silence for a time, after which she said, " I will not pretend ignorance of your meaning, because Lord Calvert but now made tho same terrible charge. Yet I tbink, had it been you, or any one dear to you, who was involved, I should have waited ere I believed and acted on an accusation. Musgrave, for my sake, whom you professed to love' will you not forgive and hide the miserable tale, even if it is true ?" " "Will you confess ? Will you tell me all ?" he said, relentingly. " I cannot ; because I do not even know the dotails. I do but suspect," she said. "Spare mo a task that must criminate those dearest to mo, dear Musgrave. Anything else you can ask shall he obeyed gladly, wil lingly." She paused for some minutes while she gazed humbly in his face. Sho seemed to be anxiously await- j iDg the noxt words that might decide her whole fate, and to suspend her very breath till tho answer came. " Beatrice, will you give up vour sister? Will you ullow me to see her in private, without any warning from you ?" ho asked, slowly. "If you will. It is hard, perhaps, that I should be excluded from such a terrible test," she said, " but it sball be as you will. I am bound to obedience, aud I will fulfil my vow," she added, with a bewitching humility in her sad tone and look. Musgrave was, perhaps, in no mood for the spell to work its full effect. " It is well if it be so, Beatrice," he said, gravely. " At any rate, you can pi ore your sincerity now, what ever may bo your subsequent con duct." (to ee continued.) 