A BOM&NCE; OF.THE DEEP. .I d?zemt adrea, thu wee ot + a drldesa Br W. Cr.&s; Ros enn. CHAraZ" XXXVI. (CoNTIneE)- Tote S: OONER zs ' 'SPOiren. Breeehei sent a gloomy 19 okOver the taft rail, and folded hi. arms with a asare at the sock's pale face. Johnny, the boy, began to blubber, 'For this here schooner to' be taken and _us'men made prisoners of 'il he a pleasing taeminatioen of tShe woyage. seartinly,' said 'Goldsmith, in a growing ironiacl voice, and savagely burying his hand- in his poekets. 'IaklowI wish Fd never chipped. Dmn' believe I ever should if ii hadn't been for D-sek parsuadin' of me. Thsre's that about this here voyage that's ken' me unnom!ort able all through. Why, daome, I wouldn't balt so muoh object to the parson's wision ift It hadn't turned'out true. It's its trueness as-disagrees with me. Ifa'man pointa to o -corner and says "There's: the devil," and there's nothin' there, I laugh at him; but if he points and I look and aces a blsac man with a tail twixt his legs, and eyes as big ai riding lights, why then, you see, I wants to 'retire. There's a sight too much of what -ain't natural in this woyage. Don't want torsay nothen against the lady, but it Joe Sain't telling lies when he says that she's ~more sensible when she's asleep than when she's awake-reverslng all the naeral laws as I'm acquainted with-then what I says is, r'm not gain' to be surprie'd if the sechooner's loek's gone out of her and the worst ye san fear a.followin' of us in hsat steamer.' 'I tell yer, said Joe Hall, 'that the lady Ssame up asleep. She stared at nothen past me tilli slipped t'other side the tiller In a sweat. ' Then she sensitly talks 'to the parson and Mr. Stone at the lee-rail, points .?"ds chuks he" arms about, asleep all the time, and goes below, missing nothing, tep pin out as trae as a hair.' "' T-kt'. nothing wonderful In that '.?aid h rhe?rwho had been listening quletly. "Providenee looks atter sleepwalkers. I've heard of women getting on to the tops of roofs of houses and strolling about on ledges soa tall and narrow that people wateheg -them have turned sick.' ' Well, I only wish the lady was more -atural, more 'cording to regulations,' said the cook, directing his pale face, full of uneasy workings, towards the steamer. '1 never was shipmates wish anyone as walked 'in his sleep afore, and though Providence; as Archer says, may keep a'beye on the mover ments of a party given to iasensibly hasting after the manner of ghosts, my notion is that the eperrit what works in a party and henables him or her to conwerse all the way 'f omhere with 'a man soppoged to be in England, but 'longsideher all the time, can't belong to the part people looks up to when they prays.' ' Why not!' demanded Archer. S'Why not?' echoed the cook. ''Oinee if itiwas the sort o' being a man has no ?all to be alarmed at, it 'ad make a party aut arter the nianner the party was intended to. 'I agree with Micky,' observed Goldsmith. SI recollent of hearing a preasher chap at a Bethel say that when the ancient Jews saw a man aoting unnatural they Calculated the devil had stowed himself away inside of him; How they got him ouat of the man I forgets ; but, anyhow, that notion of the ancient Jews \--who weren't bloomin' fools, neither, spite So0' Bill grin~in'- ' ' I'm agrtnnin',' exclaimed Breeches, 'because ye're a.-makin' ot that that notion you've spoken'about belonged to the Jews. Why,'man,'when I was a lad the idea was c*ommon in the willage I was born in. I've helped duck - two old women myself 'cause the,'- belief was they shoved evil spirits into folks, and preveqted hens from laying 'This observation led to a lively argument betwsen the cook, Breec'.es, acd Goldsmith as to whether the belief that people who eated erratically, like sol:epwakers, or demo. niacally, like Breeabhe two old women. were posseeled by 'demons. originated'with the ancient Jews or with Bill's village Oootemoo raries. But the slow, though unmistakable, gaining of the steamer upon the schooner "presently started the men upon subjects they were more qualified to form opinions on than the powers of evil spirits, and they were " soon engaged in alarning one another afresh with ideas as to the pursuer's na-ionality, and uing lpon what Hilramn ought to do so aa Agatha, anxiously listening so W-eeks and • Stone- a one or'the other of them' spoke about the -parsuit, whilst the girl seemed to heed nothing but the runening of the Schooner and the el,hi of the seas, whiot would come rolling at one moment with their dazzning brows" suntouched by the flying morning splendour between the speeding cloud,, at the next pouring in delicate olive green nader the eclipsing shadow of the passing bodies of vapour. Sometimes in glanaing at he' and marking -her rapt enj-'yanent of the windy, " streaming picture, the curate would fancy that there must be something more than she mere relief the buoyant boundioge of the vessel gave to the clouded mint, and to tha' physical oppression in the head she spoke of ; something more than this in her delight in the beautiful alternations of glory and shade, of the sparkling blue kindled by the sunlight, or the sombre tinge that gloomed in eaeh \- swelling height with the varying of the In?liary's beams. What but the old intinats,' the- old admiration that at Wyloe often sweetned her pensive Raze, when from °the sea shore she watched with him some lovely,' some tempestuous, some solemn " evening summer mood of the deep, stirred in her, now that she had before her tshe very -perfeetionk of an oeadn pibture in the flight of the schooner through the liquid valleys and over thesfoaming'hillsr with liberty'lke a * goddesibo?rn of and dominating the mighty weltering. amphitheatre. informing every eeh~'with -a song of rare melody, till the minmstreley in the rigging and the thunderous eadenee over the hebows and the sharp, metallio, bell-like ringing notes of the \- sweeping foam oombined tseir sonunds into lbe tainee of an orchestra, to whoss'memsoes the ahoone,- aud4he surges, and the eloods. a-?the~'reenrrent dartings of the high snn's 'i?iii kept i ti~m0e' -' ? - d?ft?i'he purit I What . did that steamer t?here'f i ;fhi8bb was yet hdll-down, bat witi'a:"her anC ;sas wie, a g,- settlingr awary oh ~ti?'lee itater; ;thiOgh'nowbwheu Hiram Sbiughibt'hisjdyie lro the glaes he Inforoed tte'thiat bhewas headiog exotetly their own i 'Tiers is no doubt she is after us?' said the e~tite. - - : • '"Not thaLdlecof a doubt, M:. Forteuooe.' ' And she i oveortaking as ?' 'That's plain, too. sir.' tSoppdts'l ibl"should" prove an English Sman, ? etptajn 2 - ' I don't'want to find out, Mr. F'rteseoms. .en's' wsnt to have nothen to eay to her. Sa I :ive:told ye,'tif 'shed sain's a friend it' 1 'ba tn late when thaftat's discovered. Bill, :shall we bring the sehoonar oloe? We're being picked up, mate ' 'It won't do to jaim her.' answered Stone, 'but it miiht be werth fledin' oun t i th HpT1 ea's loi eeldse?rhs t'othbi eaii " l?tf 'Thei down with that etni'ail, B1ll,' baut dnt Hirai, iand in a moment old Stans was ramning foiPwaridd ad senging out. te'L'e a?es;~sndsred astivi ai otte by anxiety, in a wry'iw mlaoutes had hauled dawd theatan'. ihti·" aeb d th o yards sharp" .ap, -ad 'W-"t?_' i thi?y. say at sea, every sheet to a'paneaSe- Dateess of-anvas.--' t'e -vessel was kept a rap-foll,.but the shiti 01 belm had broughtth sea welil on the bow, and the preeesdie aloft was exoeedi8gly heavy; for the Golden Hopes, sweepisg into the •liri ?o i-? tr~ae itormy spite into its hard png and. she drove along like a lose. Smotiv%'the-aptiy breaking it snow .sloer over hr head, her lee-ratl pretty flash with tbgesother' 'there, her wseathsr standing zlggingl like bars of steel for the wind to -spllt oqp and ?ave thouibh, every foregronod \- of heroavae 'flashing with a stary light, -. and melteld-stl lallid dimessi with the reel and stagger of the spare to theseun, and his Fahblmsd seisel arssee w m tS w th mase. zzssling lespi?eg from onep;load-edge to another. Phew !-'twas-noble- saling- the dflgh?' rather of somes beastifal c-reature' of I nsarisis,'middened 'by a far2off bellowing in g her wake, than the msohania movements of a s pieces of man's haiidwork uorgd 'by nse winds and guided by thi'helm. 'The crew gathered aft fir the shelter of the quarter-desk fronm the tempestuous rain a ing of green water forward, and stood grouped I near the main rigging, all staring, as with o' one pair of "yes, at the steamer.' Hiram. o kneeling on thede less of his, which in their I t tronoere looked rather less topple than a pair of tongs, inspeacted the stranger through the to telescope. He watched her for a long minute. cI the glass rising and falling with his head to i the plunge and dip of the schooner. Then a rnein and casting his protrading eyes in the a most dismal miner first on Mr.' Fortesce, re then on' tone, and finally on the' men, he it said in 'a low, but hollow, voice: 'ILads be's hauled his wind I' 8 ' Headi' up as wwe do !' shouted Breeches. B ' Ay,' anwered Hiram, * as we do.' ' Then,' growled Goldsmith, with a note d of desperation in his 'deep.eas bass. ' it's I 1 h, a. double-bhall-bhall; , p-hap"--bali g inp, ballies. -What's agoin' to' withstand w henooes is 'a weasel' aS can sail as 'close as thetchase?' ' at Hiram m ook no nootie of this. SBut, men,' oried out Mr. Forteeous. ti a'ter all. our ideas are pure imagination. so is Wr. How do we know see'i not an English- g man? Prenmtlsg her to be a forenquer, what right have we as yet to' euppoese hait the oonntry she belongs to is as war with at an?' .1 'Ay, that's all very well, sir,' btwlod the w oak; 'but what's Captain Weeks running ti sway for, then?' ' " ' a: 'Bocanse,' roared Hiram,' 'it's one of a. hbm businesses' Whioh, to make sure of, to illows 'em chiefly to make' soare of you. hi Vhat's she a-hiasiog of us for? D'ye think ito'd shift her course it she only wanted to peak-if share' wee' nothean partienlar ? c he's a' man-of war,' and wshat's her aorpose "'i shesehere "walers? .Why. D res' he shouted 'seeortolly, shba may bea' ountrvmoan, and habe may be imidtaken 'of nor dodatn' her." Bad d'ye mwlh' od to heave ci ;o and find out, when by gettin' away we as hall be.dropping all the risks I've told yet about ' 'It SBut we aren't gain' to get away !' cried I Breechee. ' Why. sae's swellin' up down el there like a sailor a weskit 'i a public ou e.' . ... . ' She's got a colour flping;' said Stone, je who had been silently working away with the Ii glan.. . ' Ic 'Ha !' exclaimed Hiram, wheeling round, rl SAs the fored oyal mast head,' ontinued ii the mate. He Idoked a little while longer. II I dunno,' he cried, ' my eight ain't what it a was ; bnul-bol if it ain't blue and white and d red, you may bile me I' heroared out, ' if at' a yaller or black -or green !' . -- ' 1 Hiram looked on dolly an, instant or two, ei staring at Stone. ' ' By thunder !' he mattered, then enatehed a at the glass and levelled'il. ' Fcench'l' he p yelled. ' Who's got eyes here ?' " f Tae men came in a rtih all around him. It Hiram gave the telescope' to Arleher, 'who, after a short laspeotioor said, '"Yes, sir, h the trilolour. 'AsmsllFrench screw ma-of. n war.' ;- .'. . . . Others of the men' lookel-Brteches, d Goldsmith, Dock; they were all agreed. r The flag in the glas' blew out its' tints brilliant to the Idn, and the vessel herself, a her hall, now and again' showing betwixt' a fi sea, black 'and glossy as the'plumes 'of a a crow, was heading up to it like the schooner is herself, and gaining steadily with every five a minutes that went by. ' a Hiram, folding hisearms, took a long look s at the stranger, and'then'a long look at the a men. He was 'lost in thought, then awoke a to earnestly inspect his easase and judge his b speed by watehing the pasiage of the white water. ' ' " 'Bill,' he said, addressing Stone in a voice t to be heard by' all hands, ' she's atcehing as m up, but we'll keep on 'this ratoh and hold on' all, for we're not to know she wants its to t stop, and something might happen' to her b hengines, or ehe might carry away a mast- E and anyways we'nll' hold ail di a Stone nodded.' I 'Bat whether there's war or not,' con d tinned Hiram, making his eyes meet with'a a singular look in Mr. Forteeoae's face.' that's p no call for as, whether we're overhauled or a whether we sonseed in gettin' away, to be h ashamed of the colours we sail under. So. Ii Bill. out with the' hensigid and run him up' a This was done,'and.' as old tone hauled S the Esnglish -splrit.i acis Se the teah o nature that mas the'whole wortdktu. in a every man's face as the whole mnb of them.[ followed with their gaze the fligh of the t meteor flag to its destination as the lofty i gai end. '' ' Suddenly Agatha; who had been watehing f the hoisting of: the ensign with an interest t that did not escape her lover, said to him to I a low voice," May I speak to archer, Mr. a Portesoue?' 'I will call him, my darltng.'' The man aoproached with a resp*o!fal I salute. She merely wished to ask him bow be was-to tell him the delight the swift t sailing of the schooner filled her with ; ani with a smile of moving pathos, in Frteeoue's' sight. to declare she was happier here than on the island. ' I do not miss it; do you, Aroher ?' ' ' SNo, miess." - SSostimei s I have wiebed the little house you built me was here. The trem bling of the' leaves made the ground cool and pretty; But I like. my cabin down.c ftairs, and my clothes,' looking at herself with an added tonucah of colour. and smiling as thoaugh she felt' her simplieity and sought an exeuse for it, not knowing'how to express her happiness save by ladicating 'the things whioh gave' her pleasure; ' and Mr. For- 4 tesos le 'so kind to me-as' yen were, Arsher; but-but---'ehe struggled.with a randour one saw her instincts were for a lenseig, and. abruptly phrling; she looked lef ehy'y. bill oauionelytas her lover. ' ' We'r'e both In good bads, miss, and. 'tis -loriair nto feel we re galog hose,' said Archer, and again knackling his forehead he stepped ever to where the other men were grouped, .'' S*They've halaed down the flatq at the mlinmet.' shoutsed Sione, with his eye a' the gla. ' Hillo!' s0 o-tew-three-foer -flefltgs; they're a signalislg onf aos; and -hfllo !" he bawled again, 'they're s-a irioie?1' ! TheLmall whiteb ilf of .mak-, that as 'i lea?pt trai some b?w gun or other of the steamer was blown by the wi'd i'ta a streteh of' veil-like'- rap?rn, 'shot with the lo;tre, waeinstantly seen, and all hbands starse for the miselie. : 'Well, I'mdioodled I' bwled old Beeobeos. That's meant for our enslgn I a'pose: an' it it don't sinotfy war, why, then, any man may ahack old' Bill ovrhboard as Iiks.' ' : Anybody seee where 'the eeoc" struck 1' shonted Hisiam lU 'gulote' dessarate state Iof. exiteosnt ' There 'is o answer Ayybddy'hvd? thelpinsptle ' ' "."""" ' Ol did" ered Johony. with his wiMte faoe conspIcuidu among the mae. SBeg padon, eap'n,' aid Ar~hber. etepplesa forward, ' bol if so be, as Mi. Sone says, that eteamer' signalisang of u:s, it's 'likely she's fled bhr pgin to ell attentioa to her S~s, or is a'req'ost t , to h beave to:' SThere's no ause i her 'bothdein' wi th f ae,' oried Hiram. whose agitation kept him iompig and hopping about asr though his ervous system had- b-ga snddenly and violtently smitten,' 'esense ws've got no book on board 'aod sehatn be able to onderitand naothn bat h.nsigs. 'A to hebr meaniag by her gun to ask us to beave to, why, If eoald believe It wasn't aotled-a?ud thit sihe oly' wanted to sapk us.--' and here h rstopped with his eye on 'Portee ~". . *Their aso be io 'doubt. I suppose,' sai the ol?rgyman,,'that sbe is Praenehl' -:.. 'I don't. toow, :1,"' anmdred 'Hlim. 'She may bse a REodela' I tell yar histingI cltoors lbin wirtialles i me ehtia'." S'anyway,' tiunnrid lthb oleisyao, 'she' gaini on naef '' ' aent ovarb.st,' aaswrd to ne, 1Them are proI ee I've har. . , o - do best whasm tewiihaIDistg ,)yi) thq sei fth s, - ' Rhe' certain to overtake as, thee f' 8tone -- shrugge--hble- eboulde, sFHiram t rned' to' itorcat the' aieim i'; toie'ienn giansod over the sefiee or' o?i "lo61? Tol silence was geteh~'al?d"nitb?stly eipreslive. "I think ? we dhglt 'to" heve 'to .' aid Fortenue;, mildly. ' ' The'b eso ner's yours, sir ;' you're my muter;- whatever-ordecs you gi~de1' be obeyed,' exclaimed Hiram, rounding rapidly on hii long legeiand speaking with an 'ekger anes, an anxiety, that made you see he winded to be quit of les resf~oneibiltty. " .. "' " Wuat doyoea say,'men?' exclaimed For: tencue, addressing themi: -" T?ousee how the mase stands. Our feats may prove Inimginary; but in any ese'she I ioerstii to ontron u.; and sapposieg it 'ooneeiv'able'tae should be so enemy, we are not golog'todimprooe our reception at her hands by along and irritat ing chase.' ': 'That' seems right enough, sir,' said Stone. - *If she's bound to overhaul ns,' growled Breeches,;' why then she must.' ' '-Why, yes. of course, if she dew, she dew,' oried Goldemith; ' but somethin' may hippen. an' Pm for keepie' all'on a. we're a goin';' Tioie 'enough to heave to, says I, when sheareglar proper fire' at us.' 'Theroe goes'a second gun, anyhow,' oh. served 'Araber. 'It would hav made a monkey laugh to see the fellows stariog up at the sails and as the sea to observe where and what the ball was going to strike. e ' ''I tell ye what it is, lads,' said James Kitt;'throwig a esavage, fighting look along the' schoner's unarmed deck, "for an 1nglehmsn to be aimed at by a Parley 'Voo without his having so mob as a'rquib tore tarn the compliment with is a dispeesation as don't suit my beek for one; An' Aunning away from tht shree.ooloured rag's as little so my taste. too If it -wsin me, I'd down: hellom and chance th' odds.' S'' Well, I'm agreeable,' said Breeches. 'Notheu else-to be done,-as I 1n see,' ex claimed Sawyer. ... :?All'riigh - down hellas , them I cried Dock.' ' It's yat wish, re?' sal??lIrm;' 'Whit 'eholes' havi wwp mswerd' the clergymsn,not without anxiety in, his voice, as he looked at ?e steamer. ' -- . SIn tor'gso'sl ?' 'bawled Hiram. ;' ' Back the torpa'l I Down stlayell and flying jib I Up' main' lack ! She's- been sweated enogh., _ . . 'The men sprang sabout, those who would have reamonsrated'smothering up their ob jeeoion,. 'and -preiently 'the 'obooner was lying withoutheadway'upon -her; bowing he lon, steady'.' rolling iea with' a regular rbythmioal swingof stem and 'stern; every thing qiet aloft. and -the crew looking over the 'ee-rail st the steamer that, 'seeing' the sation of the 'scho6neri. had redtned.canvas down to bare polrb and was heading for' the weather quarter of the Golden Hope,. inging the billow afti In spray over, her as her ecrew drove'her headlong through them. - About a' -quarter of?'an r hour after the mshooner bad been hoveto, the' uddendrop pinge of the wind was like the weather's con firmation of-the 'isdom of Hiram in bring tig hie reesel to'a'tand, It-was certain it rendered the men ndore satitfied with what had boeh'dohe, more paertiularly when they notlaed'us'the steamer grew npon'the see, the superb stateliness' of her' hull: her doeminant shearing' of -the' lessening earge rising'white to 'eah eat-bead, -the. rake of spar' whose ?uggestlon-" 'o speed was accentuated by the swift pouring of "moke from the leaning fmnnel,-and the inimitable animation otthe naked fabril ie expressed in' the pulsation of'blaish light in her wet sides' her shiidogleaps from brow to- brow with the trioeolourstreamin at the gaff end, where it mightunow plainly be seen ;'and. as old Stone aotld' mark era long through the glass,; the -glltteklog' of :uniforms on . the bridge. The breese had settled esoth'east again, with' soimetbilg oa the -steadiness of the; trade wind in it, when the Fcenoehmsa, as the steamer was now by all'hands agreed to be, wa -about half 'a mile distant. Her, ap proach was watched with?an anxziety that berame' kind of fever hi thimore 'nervouse Hiram- ,ood iish .ne-haed gripping the other bloodless;- Stone. 'with-'folded. arms, Breehes bsour but 'with- the English sailor's doggedness id his face, Goldsmith with that anticipative leer which, as -a' prophetic ex presaion; is good for whatever may happen ; and so d9o. ?Mr'Fortesoie bholding Agatha' hand, thought to himself, !' Soppoee'Uiram is right-that there is was between England and Franwe and we are taken prisoners I' and yob 'onuld have guessed what!wse pksing in hit mind by the feeehe would turn from the ermaj et'wba't'ai hbawibilec' ieiaecaine'her from ineerrogatlshithn b-y týe'sebtcveneisese that spriogs from one's knowle4ge of one's ignorance -He would see her straining her ever at-the coming vessel, then glaueleg from his to the faces of the men, with a con trsation as of earnest thought in her fair brow, followed by a side peep -of wittfnlnees at him: which, whenever she taught him notice it, she'd endeaveur, ina marner most ffea'intg to him, to charge with a mnianina he knew it did not posses. by uttering some oeminonplsce as to the failure of the wind, the deadness of the blue water brimming foamless past the bends of the stationary schooner, and she like. The steamer ranged alongside to windward within easy speaking distence. Her engine. Midpped, she same to a halt, and. lay rolling uipon the sea, showing a broad' white deek with every leeward heave, afew esrronade., a long ga? in the bows eand whole m seles of seamen, whose postures,' mot(oni;, 'figures. dreses would have bespoken bhr origin and ohraseter though she had come along with the red arops at all three asetheads and the nost familiar ship's name in the inglish tongue writ lage on eaeh bow.' 0 , O, ssehoonaire ebhby I! shouted a man, twinkliag ii beltone. fromin the bridge. ' Hallo 1' roared Hira. ' 'Vere you bonn'?' ' ' ' ' inoglahd !' shrieked Hiram. S'Ve reel eMd a 'botl', bawled, the little 'chap ' I ' What for, eir?' eled Hiram, ' Ve haves a leetel babea here, an' ve ask on en take hsem.' i : iram looked at Mr.Forteeocs with a foe from hieh h'allbuman expression appeared to have vsanlshs-autswerlaog porely to Jack's tIlnstiati?n? As lon1g as a' wet swabi' ' I ' Well; I'm jiggered I!' he' rapped 'out, bringing big open hliad smartly aaIst bii: leg ; 'to think 'we crew of I~gnlIshmen should' bh'.been' r~sanrg awai all moroi?' from-from alittle baby i . (Io as co~.nou.) 