M E L BO. U R N E NEWS . (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Satuiday Evening. The day has.been fine, and prncUcally buyniid this there lmB boen : little of public inierost to record, ; Typhoid-tli'e'', spea'd ' of / which is j a .disgrace to every man, ; nnd woniati in Viotoria, inasmuch as it is - the product of sheer ignorance which refuSus to bo enlighteriod— coii- tmues to increase, and eleven deaths out of nineteen casos hayo'beou reported' for 1 ho week, including one from , Crbswick Shire, arid several others from .Nowstoad, Rochester, .Chiltorn, Newbridge, and CaBtluinuine. Sucli ac»nditiou of tilings ns this is disgraceful. Tho father of a family who loses a single life in his household from typhoid fever should be prosecuted for manslaughter. Ton minutes' attendance at any public library, or in default of that-, inspection of books ou hygiouo which any chemist who lihd n human heart under his ribs would show, him, would prove that the man who admits typhoid fever into his family is unworthy, of the name of a houso-fathor. There - is nothing in tho whole range of disorders to -which"; the human . family . . ia.. Subjected by. tlio . con ditions of 'civilisation so easily or so certainly preventible ; as. typhoid "/ fovdr. Those who admit it to their households ' will bee the fairest of their s 00k thereby out ddwn, and deserve not commisoraiion but punishmurit for .their crass stupidity. The simplest knowledge ; of hygenic conditions — which ovory head of a . family shouly bo possossed of — absolutely eliu's out the dieease..; It could not exist at all were ;it not for the filthy disregard of the publio j health evidenced by the exceptionally ' ig norant/Local Boards. It is my function to travel much in Victoria. I havo only just re turned from:a five; hundred mile cruise, and I confess I am 'amazed at the depth of ignorance exhibited in tho sanitaiy arrangements of I lie country towns, which imitate their frightful exemplar' — Fitzgibbon governed Melbourne. If I had authority, I could not sleep from haunting of the ghost's untimely stain, which the faulty system prevalent throughout Victoria, opposed to all knowledge, is producing. Surely it ia the mission of the PreBS to save life by emphatically denouncing that ignorance . of. the local authorities, which alone rendors the existence of typhoid possible. The Bank of Australasia offers a reward of L20 for the recovery of the cancelled bank notes stolen- frorii the bank some time. back. The New South IValos crow whioh intends not, to be defeated in the next aquatic contest arrived to-day, and wero politely champagned../ They row in a boat built by Donnelly, of .Sydney, and will Bhape well, though tho odds this year are all in favour of'Victoria. r ; Captain Thompson, of- the ship Euplirosyno, lying at W'illiamstown, reported to the Williams- town police that about nine o'clock a body of men/ estimated by his chief oificer and steward at.about 30, came on board his vessel during his absence, anil took away, by. dint of threatening what they would do, threo of the' five remaining members of the crew. The others had left previously. Tho thfee men taken oil' were Scandinavians. From wljat can be gathered, the real cause of this demonstration is the fact' that Captain Thompson is engaged in discharging cargo without stevedores, and this step naturally excites the disapproval .of thiji stevedores' laborers as an interference with thtir work. He asserts his determination to pro ceed with his' discharging in the way he has com menced, even if he himself takes the winch and his soil the sling. '' ' The ill-fated sailing boat, Cutty Sark, has been diicovored off Point Cook in 16ft of water. >,< .It)is believed all tbo occupants of the boat-had; a watCrygrave. ; ; IA courageous act was performed yesterday by th|-ec.mcn, named Kirk, Morton: and Amscombe, ina rescuing three boys whilst struggling : in. the Yarra. One of the ladB accidentally, foil into" tlio river, and it was whilst his two companions i wdre trying to rescue him that the three were nearly drowned,- Kirk had saved one boy, and was as sisted by the other men in bringing tho, other., lids ashore. -Had it not been for the timely arrival 'of their rescuers, tho youngsters would undoubtedly have been drowned. . - - . ; -n 