Publications. Illusteated Sydney News. — The Illus trated Sydnet News for the current month maintains the deserved reputation which this paper established for itself under its new proprie tary and in its new form. Tke illustrations are of a very high degree of merit, and commend themselves to the subscriber all the more fey being connected with subjects of Australian in terest. The recent 'Poultry Show in the Old Exhibition Baildins:/' the ' Bicycling Clubs of Sidney,' ' A Mount&ia; Track in Gippsland,' and other subjects, receive -iue illustration at the hands of competent artists. The same may be said ef tho illustrations to the storie3 -which the number contains. In this connection it may be mentioned that the letter-press possesses great attractions — notably in the two tales, ' The Eecidivistea' aad 'The Ghost of D'Eresby Eall.' The Iliusteated Sydney News is certain of public favor. Broken Hill.— Mr. De Courcy Browne, M.L.A., has published what he ststes, and what seems to be a really reliable map of the Broken Hill disurict compiled from the original surveys in the Mines Department. The map is chartered up to the beginning of July, the present month, and is accompanied by a reference book, the two to gether being most useful for reference. Tee MedicaIi Gazette. — Tiie Australian ' Medical Gazette ' for Juiy is full of matters of interest to the nrofession. and keens well abreast of every advance wkich is beings made in medical and surgical knowledge. The original articles on cases are of exceptional interest, especially that detailing a exse of lithotomy and removal of coin from the bladder. This givi-s an instance of one of those foolish attempted self -cures which, in the end, only make the fortune o£ the expert prac titioner. Postal Guide. — ?^o. 1S6 of the New South Wales ' Postal Guide,' published for July, con tains the customary and very complete amount of information on all postal matters connected with. New South Wales, irh^tker foreign or local. A Histoey of New South Wales. — A pros pectus recently issued from the Government Printing Office announces the publication, at an early date, of the first volume of a ' History of New South Wales, from the Official Eecords,' edited by Mr. G. B. Barton. The work, we are informed, is inteaded to comprise the history of tke colony down to present times ; and judging from the fact that it is proposed to devote a volume to the period comprised -within each Governor's term of office — usually five or six years — it may be inferred . that the work, when completed, will present a record of our history for the past Jiundred years. It -was the misfortune, not the fault, of our former historians, from Lang to Flanagan, that the official records, stored in the shelves and pigeon-holes of the colonial and the English Governments, were not at their disposal. They had consequently to resort to the only other sources of information at their disposal— the old book3 written by Judge- Advocate Collins and others in the early days, supplemented by fibs of ancient newspapers, from tne Sydney Gazette down to those of their own day. Since their time, moreover, a much more critical spirit has grown up among those who are interested in our history ; it is now very well known that, although the publications referred to are all more or less meritorious works, the real history of New South Wales is still unwritten. Every one is, or ought to be, interested in the history of his otto country ; and so long as works which purport to narrate it are written with the critical accuracy demasded of all historians in the present day, the public is sot likely to be satiated with them. Perhaps the celebration of onr Centennial could not be accomplished in a more satisfactory way after all 'than by the pro duction of a work -which should give as the history of the century, written as history is notradays written in. England, not as a mere story book with which to amuse children, but as a genuine reeerd of a nation's life from, its commencement to the present day, following it faithfully step by step through all its fluctuations, tlirough its iigrht and its shade, its glory and its shame, and at the saute time making manifest those unseen but not less real processes of inter nal development -which led Herbert Spencer to draw his celebrated comparison between the evolution of a vast and complicated political society and that of an organism of the animal world. _^_____________. Sbtoee Conceet. — The second smoke concert in connection with, the Torick Club, Petersham, took place last evening, and was very largely attended. Mr. E. Purnell occupied the chair. A well-selected programme, comprising songs, reci tations, and duets was negotiated. Messrs. Matthews (2), Hagiey, Keane, Russell, Wilkinson, Hodson, Martin, S. Hunt, aud C. J. Smith rendered signal service ia that direction, tiieir efforts being much appreciated and frequently encored. The Premier of Victoria engrgesfcs that the Aus tralian colonies and Canada should unite in assisting to defray the cost of surveying the rotate of the proposed cable between Vanconver's Island and Australia. The Victorian footballers are out of luck in. having wet weather for the intercolonial match to-day. The Minister of Mines is pushing forward the assay works. An expert from. America will pro bably be engased. Manly BxnLotsa Society. — At the annual meeting of the above society, whioh was held at the Aqearium, Manly, on the 23rd iaatanfc, the secretary (Mr. B. F. Eoyan) read the auditors' report asd balance-sheet for the year ended June o0, ISSS, which showed a net profit of .£357 4a lid, -upon wluch the directors in tiieir report congratulated the Eharo holdere, and raoonunended a dividend of 11 per cant. to holders of A shares snd of 10 per cent, to B BhareholderE. absorbing .£29S 13s 6d. leaving £G0 11s 5dto be carried forward to next year's account. Mr. H. C. G. Mobs' motion re the alteration of date for election of direotore was brought oa for discussion, and on being pat to the meeting was carried unani mously, the consequences of it being' tfcafc all the diraotors' Beats were formally declared vacant. They were put to the meeting again under the new law and elected .unanimously . Mr. B. M. Pitt having resigned bis seat, Mr. Thos. K'Kelvoy wea eleoted in his stead without opposition. Votes of thanks to tbe directors, the manager, and the chairman (Mr. M'Kelvey) concluded the second annual moating of the .society. 3?obt Jackson S.S. Co.— The fourteenth half yearly meeting of ths Fort Jackson Steamship Co. was held at the company's offices, No. 1 Jetty, Cir ouler Qnay, at noon on. Friday. Captain T. HeBelton, chairman of directors, presided,, and there was a fairly large attendance of atareholdere. Tho directors' report referred with satisfaction to tho bnsinses effected during tlie past half year. The result, aa shown by the balanoe- Bneet, after maintaining tha plant in efficient working order, and writing* off for depreciation tho Bum ' of .£2000, left a balance at the credit of Che profit and loss account of .£3195 S3 Sd ; aad from this sum it was proposed to pay a dividend at the rata of G per oentr. pet snnnin, amounting1 to .£1800, and carry forwarS the balance remaining of £1395 8s 5d to the next half year. .In moving the adoption of the report, the chairman expressed (egret that the xeturaa had not been ia exoefis of what they really wero, th* smallpox scare having casBed the xeoeipta to fall off considerably. The motion waB seconded by Mr. J. ' Woods and oftrried. MaBBta; J. Taylor, J. Woods, and W. Ssndford ware nnanimoasiy eleoted direct era, and Messrs.. ». Durham and W_ Shenstose, auditors, of the oompany. A -rote of thanks to the direotOMOonoladeathemtBtiaj. 