SKETCHES. I i AMONG IjIONS. / At last Harry fell fast asleop, and oven I could scarcely keop my eyes open. Indeed, I: \- was just dropping off when suddenly Pharaoh gave mo a push. \ 'Listen!' ho whispered. j I was awake in a Rccond, and listening with all my ears. From tbo clump of bush to jthe right of tho lightning-shattered stump to /which the sick ox was tied came a faint . J craokling noise. Presently it was repeated. j Something was moving there, faintly and quietly enough, but still moving perceptibly, ' for in tlie intense stillness of the night any \\[ sound seemed loud. / I woke up Harry, who instantly said, £ ' Whero is alio?' and bogan to point lus i rifle about in a fashion that was moro danger ? oui to us and the oxen than to any possible ) lioness. ''Be quiet!' I whispered savagely; and as I did ao, with a low and hideous growl a flash of yellow light sped out of tho clump of ji$Xb, ^-A3t the ox, and into the corresponding ei^up upon the other side. Tho poor sick brute gavo a sort of groan, and staggered round and then began to tremble ; I could see it do so dearly in tho moonlight, which was now very bright, and I felt a brute for having exposed the unfortunate ox to tho agony ho must undoubtedly be undergoing. Tho lioness, for it was she, passed so quickly that we could not even distinguish her movements, much less fire. Indeed, at night it is absolutely useless to attempt to shoot unless tho object is very close and standing perfectly still, and then the light is so deceptive and it is so difficult to see tho foresight that the best shot will miss more often than he hits. 'She will be back again presently,' I said; 41 look out, but for Heaven's sake don't fire unless I tell you to.' Hardly were the words out of my mouth when baok she came, and again passed tho ox without striking him. « ''What on earth is she doing?' whispered Harry. M Playing with it as a cat does a mouso, I suppose. Sho will kill it presently.' As I spoke, tho lioness once more flushed out of tho bush, and this time sprang right over the doomed and trembling ox. It was a beautiful sight to see her clear him in the bright moonlight, as though it wore a triok that die had been taught. 'I believe that sho has escaped from a circus,' whispered Harry ; 'it's jolly to see her jump.' I said nothing, but I thought to myself that if it was, Master Harry did not quite appreciate the performance, and small blame ?to mm. At any rate, his teeth were chatter ing a little. Then came a longish pause, and I began to fMntr that sho must have gone away, when suddenly she appeared again, and with one mighty bound landed right on to the ox, r.nd Btruck it a fearful blow with her paw. * Down it went, and lay on tho ground kioking feebly. She put down her wicked looking head, and, with a fierco growl of contentmentt buried her long white teeth in ; the throat of the dying animal. 'When she lifted her muzzle again it was all stained with blood. She stood facing us obliquely, licking her bloody ohops and making a sort of purring noise. ' ? 'Nows our time,' I whispered, 'fire when I do.' I got on to her as well as I could, but Harry, instead of waiting for me, as I told ' him, fired before I did, and that of course hurried mo. 'When tho smoke cleared, how over, I was delighted to see the lioness was | rolling about on the ground behind the body ! of the ox, which covered her in such a fashion, however, that we could not shoot again to make an end of her. 'She's done' for! she's dead, the yellow devil!' yelled Pharaoh in exultation; and at that very, moment the lioness, with a sort of convulsive rush, half rolled, half spranir, into the pateh of thjpk bush to tho right. 1 j fired after her as sh3 went, but so far as I j could see without Result ; indeed the proba ' bility is that I missed clean. At any rate she got to tho bushfin safety, and once there, began to make snob a diabolical noise as I never heard before. Sho would whino and Shriek with pain, 'and burst out into perfect, volleys of roaring that shook tho whole place. 'Well,' I said, 'we must just let her roar ; to go into that bush after her at night would be madness.' At that moment, to my astonishment and alarm, there came an answering roar from the direction of the river, and then another from behind the swell of bush. Evidently there woro more lions about. The wounded lioness redoubled her efforts, with the objeot I suppose, of summoning the others -to her assistance. At any rate they came, and quickly too, for within fivo minutes, peeping \- * through the buBhes of our skerm fonco, we saw a magnificent lion bounding along towards us, through the tall tambouki grass, that in tho .moonlight looked for all the world like ripening corn. On he came in great leaps, and a glorious sight it was to see him. When wiehin fifty yards or so, ho &to;'od still in an open space and roared, and ? the lioness roared too, and then there came a third roar, and another great black-maned lion stalked majestically up, and joined number two, and really I began to realise what tho ox must havo undergone. '?** ' Now, Harry,' I whispered, 'whatever you do don't fire, it's too risky. If they lot us be, let them be.' 'Well, the pair of them marched off to the bush, whore the wounded lioness was now roaring double tides, and tho whole three of them began to snarl and grumble away together there. Presently, however, tho lioness ceased roaring, and the two lions came out asrain. the blaok-maned one first — to prospect, I suppose— and walked to where tbo caroase lay, and sniffed at it. .' Oh, what a shot !' whispered Harry, who was trembling with excitement. ! 'Yes,' I said; 'but don't fire ; theymight all of them come for us.' Harry said nothing, but whetlior it was from the natural impetuosity of youth, or because he was thrown off his balanco by bxcitement, or from sheor recklessness and devilment, I am sure I cannot tell you, never having been able to got a satisfactory explanation from him; but at any rft/ the ? faot remains, he, without word or warning, .entirely disregarding my oxbortations, lifted up his 'Wesley 'Richards, and fired at the black-maned lion, and, what is more, hit it slightly on tho flank. i Next tecond there was a most awful roar j from the injured lion. Ho glared' arouud / him and roared with pain, for ho waB sadly I stung ; and then, before I could make up my /mind what to do, tho great black-maned brute, clearly ignorant of the causo of tho pain, oprang rignt at the throat of his coni panion, to whom ho evidently, attributed his i misfortune. It was a curious sight to seo j thp evident astonishment of tho othor lion at f this most unprovoked assault. Over ho rolled with an angry snarl, and on to him sprang tho blaok-maned demon, and com menced to worry him. This finally awoko yellow-maned lion to a sense of tho I 'm nation, and I am bound to say that ho ruse to tho occasion in a most effective manner. Somehow or other ho got to his feet. and. roarimr and snarlincr friirhtfullv. closed with his mighty foe. And then onBued a most tremendous scene. You know what a shocking thing it is to look at two largo dogs fighting with abandonment. 'Well, a whole hundred of dogs could not have looked half so terriblo as those two groat brutes as tlioy rolled and roared and ront in their horrid rage. They gripped each othor, they toro at eaoh others throat, till their manes came out iu handfuls, and tho red blood streamed down their yellow hides. It was an awful and a wonderful thing to seo the great cats tearing at oaoh other with all the fierce energy of thoir savago strength, aud making the night hidoous with tlieir jieart-shaking noise. And tho fight was a grand ono too. For some minutes it was hard to say which would win, but at last I saw that tho black-maned lion, though ho was slightly tho bigger, was fail ing. I am inclined to think that tho wound in his Hank had crippled him. Anyway, lie began to got tho worst of it, which served him right, as ho was tho aggressor. Still I could not help feeling sorry for him, for he mado a gallant fight, when his antagonist finally got him by tho throat, and fttrugglo and strike out as ho would, began to shako tho lifo out of hiin.. Over and ovor they rolled together, a liideouB and awo-inspiring spectaclo, but tho yellow omi would not loose his hold, and at length poor black-mano grew faint, his breath carao in great snores and seemed to rattle in his nostrils, then ho oponed his hugo mouth, gavo tho ghost of a roar, quivered, and was dead. 'When ho was quito sure that the victory was his own, tho yellow-maned lion loosed his grip and sniffed at his fallen foo. Then ho liclced tho dead lion's oyo, and noxt, with his fore-feet resting ou tho carcase, sont^up his own chant of viotory, that went rolling and pealing down tho dark paths of tho night in all the gathered majesty of sound. And at this point I interfered. Taking a careful sight at tho centre of his body, in order to givo the largest possiblo margin for error, I fired,; and sent a 570 express bullet right through him, and down he dropped dead upon the carcase of his mighty foe. After that, fairly satisfied with our per formances, wo slept peaceably till dawn, leaving Pharaoh to 'keep . watch in case any raoro lions should take it into their hoads to como our way. 'When tho sun was fairly up wo arose, and went very cautiously — at lea*t Pharaoh and I did, for I would not allow Hftrry to come — to sco if wo could find any trace of tho wounded lioness. She had ceased roaring iinmediutely on tho arrival of tho two lions, and had not mado a sound since, from which we concluded that sho was probably dead. I was armed with my express, while Pharaoh, in whoso hands a riflo indeed was a dangerous weapon — to his companions, had an axe. On our way we stopped to look at the two dead lions. They were magnificent animals, both of them, but their pelts were entirely spoiled by the terriblo mauling they had given to each other, which was a sad pit}'. In another minuto we were following tho blood spoor of the wounded lioness into the busli, whero sho had taken refuge. This, I need hardly say,' wo did with the utmost caution ; indeed, I for ono did not at all like tho job, and was only consoled by tho re flection that it was necessary and that the bush w.°s not thiok. Well, wc stood there, keeping as far from the trees as possible, searching and looking about, but no lioness could we see, though wo saw plenty of blood. ' She must have gone away somewhere to die, Pharaoh,' I said in Zulu. 'Yes, Inkoos' (chief), he answered, *'she has certainly gone away.' Hardly were the words out of his mouth, when I heard a most awful roar, and starting round saw the lioness omergo from the very centre of a bush, just behind Pharaoh, iu which sho had been curled up. Up she wont on to her hind legs, and as she did bo I saw that one of her foro-paws was broken near the shoulder, for it hung limply down. Up sho went, towering right over Pharaoh's head, as she did so lifting her uninjured paw to strike him down. And then, beforo I could get ray rifle round or do any tiling to avert the coming catastrophe, tho Zulu did a very brave and clever thing. Realising his own imminent danger, ho bounded to ono side, and then, swinging the heavy axe round his head, brought it down right on to her 1 back, sevoring tho vertebras and killing her , instantaneously. It was wonderful to see her collapse all in a heap like an empty sack. — Jiider Jfayyard in Atlanta. 