THE BUNYIP. Everyone who has lived in Australia has heard of the bunyip, writes a correspondent of the Melbourne Telegraph. It is the one respectable flesh- curdling horror of which Australia can boast. The Old World has her tales of ghoul and vampire, of Lorelei, spook, and pirie, but Australia has nothing but her bunyip. There never were any fauns in the eucalyptus forests, nor any naiads in the running creeks. No mythological hero left behind him stories of wonder and enchant- ment. No white man's hand has carved records of a poetic past on the gray volcanic looking boulders that overshadow some lonely gullies. There are no sepulchres hewn in the mountain rampart surrounding a certain dried-up lake—probably the crater of an extinct volcano—and which in truth suggests possibilities of a forgotten city of Kor. Nature and civilization have been very niggard here in all that makes romance. No Australian traveller ever saw the bunyip with his own eyes, and though there are many stockmen's yarns and blacks' patters which have to do with this wonderful monster, they have all the hazy uncertain- ties which usually envelop information of the legendary kind. Some night, perhaps, when you are sitting over a camp-fire, brewing quart-pot tea and smoking store tobacco, with the spectral white gums rising like an army of ghosts around you, and the horses' hobbles clanking cheerfully in the distance, you will ask one of the overlanding hands to tell you what he knows about the bunyip. The bushman will warm to his subject as readily as an Irishman to his banshee. He will indignantly repel your insinuation that the bunyip may be, after all, as mythical as Alice's Jabberwock, and he will forthwith proceed to relate how a friend of his had a mate, who knew another chap, who had once in his life had a narrow escape from the bunyip, and with his eyes beheld it. He himself has never set them upon the bunyip, nor has his mate, but there is not the smallest doubt that the other chap has seen it. When facts come to be boiled down, however, "the other chap's" statements will seem curiously vague and contradictory, and if the details are to be accepted as they stand, a remarkable contri- bution to natural history must be the result. The bunyip is the Australian sea-serpent, only it differs from that much- disputed fact or fiction in that it does not inhabit the ocean, but makes its home in lagoons and still deep waterholes. For rivers and running creeks it appears to have an aver- sion. No blackfellow will object to bathe in a river because of the bunyip, but he will shake his woolly head mysteriously over many an innocent-looking waterhole, and decline to dive for water-lily roots, or some such delicacy dear to the aboriginal stomach on the plea that "Debil-debil sit down there." Debil-debil and bunyip are synony- mous terms with the blackfellow while he is on the bank of a lagoon, though "Debil debil" in the abstract represents a much more indefinite source of danger, and has a far wider scope of action than most mytho- logical deities. "Debil-debil" is a con- venient way of accounting not only for plague, sickness, and disaster but also for peace, plenty, and good fortune. According to the religious code of the Australian abori- ginal, Ormuzid and Ahriman do not work at opposite poles, but combine and concentrate themselves under one symbol. The supremacy of Debil-debil is uncontested, and he deals out promiscuously benefits and calamities from the same hand. A medicine-man, professing to be in con- fidential communication with Debil- debil, may kill or cure a blackfellow according to his pleasure. The natives have a supersti- tion, in common with many primitive nations, that if an enemy possesses himself of a lock of hair from the head of one to whom he wishes ill, and buries it in the ground beneath a gum tree, the despoiled person will sicken and die as the hair rots away. In that case, Debil-debil must be "pialla-ed" (entreated) by the sick person to unbury the hair and cast it into the fire, when the charm will be dissolved. The medicine-man, therefore, has but to assure his patient that Debil-debil has refused or acceded to his request, and death or speedy recovery will be the consequence. The blacks have an impish drollery and love of mischief, and they delight in imposing on the credulity of their white auditors. Thus the stories of their superstitions must not be accepted too literally. But it is certain that when they show a distinct reticence in re- gard to any reputed article of faith, it may safely be looked upon as genuine. The blacks never will volunteer information about the bunyip ; it has always to be dragged out of them. When a black disappears, it is generally understood that the bunyip has got hold of him, and the particular waterhole in which the monster is supposed to live becomes more than ever an object of terror and a place to be avoided. The waterhole may have hitherto been uncondemned by tradition, and the blacks may choose to disport themselves in it ; but if one of them, seized with cramp or immeshed in weeds, sink to rise no more, the terrible cry of "bunyip" goes forth, and those waters are from henceforth shunned. The bunyip is said to be an amphibious animal, and is variously described —some- times as a gigantic snake ; sometimes as a species of rhinoceros, with a smooth pulpy skin and a head like that of a calf ; some- times as a huge pig, its body yellow, crossed with black stripes. But it is also said to be something more than animal, and among its supernatural attributes are the cold, awe- some, uncanny feeling which creeps over a company at night when the bunyip becomes the subject of conversation ; and a certain magnetic atmosphere, supposed to envelop the creature and to spread a deadly in- fluence for some space around, rendering even its vicinity dangerous, is parti- cularly dwelt upon. According to legend, it attracts its prey by means of this mysterious emanation, and when sufficiently near, will draw man or beast down to the water, and suck the body under, and without sound or struggle the victim disappears, to be seen no more. It is silent and stealthy, and only very rarely, they say, and always at night, has been seen to rise partially from the black water which it loves and utter a strange moaning cry like that of a child or a woman in pain. There is a theory that water is a powerful con- ductor for the kind of electricity it gives out, and that a pool with dry, abrupt banks and no outlying morass, is tolerably safe to drink from or to camp by ; but a lagoon lying amid swamp has always an evil repu- tation, and in some districts it is very diffi- cult to persuade a blackfellow to venture into such a place. The following story was told by an old chief to me when I was in Australia re- garding the bunyip: -- "Long ago, two brother — one of them so tall that he looked down on everybody, and the other of ordinary size — went to a swamp to get swans' eggs. They found a great many ; and while roasting some of them on the bank of the lagoon, the smaller of the brothers said that he must get some more from the swamp. The taller one forbade him to go alone. However, he did go. He found a nest in the middle of the lagoon, and took the eggs. When returning to the shore, he heard a rush of water behind him, and saw the water-fowls in front of him hurrying along the water as if frightened. At the same time the bottom of the marsh became so soft that he stuck in the mud, and could not go forward. A great wave overtook him and carried him back to the nest, where a large bunyip caught him in its mouth. It held him so high that his brother saw him. Some hours afterwards the water became calm. The tall brother then took a sheet of bark and put a fire on it, and approaching the nest saw his brother in the mouth of the bunyip. Speaking to the bunyip, he said: "Be quiet, and let me take my brother." The bunyip gnashed its teeth and gave him up ; but he was dead, and his entrails had been devoured. The brother took the body ashore and laid it near the fire, and wept. He then went for his friends, who came and carried the corpse to their home. After he had watched it for two days, the relatives put it in a tree for one moon, and then burned it, with the exception of the leg and arm bones, which were given to the friends of the deceased. The first white man who made his ap- pearance at Port Fairy (a locality named after a small vessel called the Fairy) was considered by the aborigines to be a super- natural being ; and as he was discovered in the act of smoking a pipe, they said he must be made of fire, for they saw smoke coming out of his mouth. 