Stocnl & (general items. AxoltcaN. — The following services will be hekl by the Rev. J. Campbell Holy Trinity— Xmas Day, i celebration of holy communion at S, choral mattins, sermon, and celebration at 11. Sunday next at 11 and 7.MU. lilencoe— aunuay aicornoon at 3. Weslkyan.— The Rev. T. Parker willlpreach next Sunday morning and evening at tlie usual hour ; also, at Glcncoc Union Church in the after noon at 3. The quarterly meeting will be held in the vestry 011 Monday next at 7-30 p.m. Presbyterian-. — The Rev. Robert Kay will preach liext Sabbath at Glen Imies at 11 ami 7.30, and at Waterloo at 3. On Friday Bible meeting at 7.30, ehoir practice at 8.15 ; Saturday at 3 chil dren's class. Next Sabbath being the last one of the year, a special discourse appropriate, thereto will he delivered. Sustentation Fund meeting in church on Monday at 4 o'clock. Fei.l into Boiling Water.— Mr. Bonnet's little daughter, we are sorry to 1( ear, met with a. most, paiiiful accident on Saturday afternoon. She was watching her mother dishiiig-up the dinner and had occasion to step back. - Not seeing a vessel ! containing boiling water, outj of which just pre viously hud been taken some vegetables, the poor little girl tripped and fell right into the boiling liquid, scalding the lower portion of her body and one side in a most horrible way. Her father who i had fortunately just come 111 from woi k, ran off ! for Dr Trt'snlder, who of couisc tiiou all that : science can dictate to abeviate her sufferings. The i little patient is hearing up bravely, although now i ai/"\tlicu she is seized with violent fits of shivering \ 7 Neollection of the agony she sulieied. f Because Mis Wjfe was Away. — Signor p'liqjiijW. f00|iS'n despatches and other autumnal '"Osifious are attributed in Italy to the absence 5>me of his wife, who is a very clever woipan: Ireises great influenee 111 political affairs, as . I disband is k/bw&to; consult her about every- badseveral i weeks ago, - 'rl it was/flnle s\\)a Jenenway that Bignoi AcewitjJ y v "" .. J-&\- " I Torciilicoit Parade — We are iJifSrtned that our local Fipe Brigade have obtained permission to hold a torchlight parade on New Year's eve in Glen Iuues. Officer aiul men, all in the tasteful i uniform skilfully fashioned by Mr. Flanders, pie- ' turesquely illumined by the fitful light of torches, are certain to look well clustering round the gaily- painted, although useful, engine. All iu Glen Iuues are sure to be there to see. Cricket. — A match between the South-end and Brookside clubs will be played at Dundee ou Box ing Day, The former team will be composed of the following : — S. Harris, W. Doust, Healey, Boyd, Matthews, H. S. Vincent, Hoskins, :Baiies, Leece, Juergens, and Grieves; .emergencies, C. Kemp and B. Harris. The G r aftox- Tweed Railway. — Mr. See asked the Colonial Secretary on Wednesday night whe ther it was the intention of the Government to refer tlie Graf ton-Tweed Railway to the Commissioners for their report during the present .session# In reply, Sir Henry Parkes stated that the reference of any proposed railway to the Commissioners was not"limited by the duration of the session. No time would be lost in laying tlie matter before the Commissioners for report when the papers connected with this railway were ready. Struck by Ligiitnint; — We have been informed that Mr. W. Sharpe, of Clarevaulx, a few days ago whilst lie was 011 his way to the copper mines in Texas, wasllsuddenly overtaken by one of the many thunderstorms that have been frequent of late. He found the M'lntyre River so swollen with rain-as to be impassable, and halted awhile till it should run down. Whilst waiting he was joined by a man driving a bull with the assistance of a cattle dog, who also halted. The bull stood iu the centre between|tho dog and his master, .whilst the fury of the storm continued unabated- Suddenly a lurid glare of lightning and deafening, crash of 'thunder burst simultaneously overhead. Mr. Sharpe very naturally cast a startled look to see how his companions had fared — for lie himself pro videntially was unhurt — but both the bull and the dog had been struck dead ; the man also did not escape scatheless, as one of his hands was turned perfectly black with the electric iluid, and, as he subsequently described the sensation, lie felt as if . he liad been stricken with a paralytic stroke in one leg. So far asMve know, the sufferer has not felt .Any ill effects since, but we fancy we can safely conjecture that not only lie but also Mr. Sharpe will for life have an awesome dread of lightning. / Christmas Sports. — There will be 110 lack dur ing the forthcoming holidays for muscular Chris tianity to exhibit its prowess in matters' of wind, thews, and muscles. Locally, mine host Green, of , the New England 'Hotel, has taken much painsAo'-i render his course for footraces as good as hands can make it. -The -.course consists of four parallel tracks, 125 yards in length, and straight as an arrow. Mr. Green has issued an attractive pro-: gramme, and there is 110 reason why the sports should not prove a success. Mr. Dennis Hogan also on New Year's Day proposes holding contests of swiftness of Jfoot, strength, and dexterity, the winners of which will gain considerably more than empty honors. These sports also should be well worth entering for or looking at. The Vegetable Creek races oine off 011 Wednesday and Thursday next, andiproinise first-class sport. Our friends at Deepwater will usher in the new year by a day's racing, .'and here, too, visitors are likely to have ii jolly time, albeit the field of horses will not be a large one. The Reckabites. — Tlie " tciit" of thi6 order held their quarterly meeting in the reading-room of the School of Arts on Friday evening. Accounts were audited and other details having been tran sacted, the following officers were elected for the ensuing half year : — Chief ruler, T. Rawlo ; deputy ruler, G. E. Marston,; past chief ruler, W. A. Dibley ; secretary, F. A. Cox ; treasurer, F. Doust ; writing steward, J. M'Rae ; money steward,- W. Banks ; levite, J. Alcock ; guardian, T. Brew ; auditors, W. Doust- andjJG. E. Marston. Dancing and Deportment. — In these days when not to he a dancing man is considered synouymous to being an uncultivated boor, and when a young lady who does not know the figures in lancers or quadrilles iu addition to latest style of raise, as well as she does her church catechism or multipli cation table, is to be commiserated. It really is 110 mean acquisition to have an acknowledged profi cient such as Mrs. Newman, of Brisbane, iu our midst. We would draw- attention to her advertise ment which appears in another column, by which it will be seen -she not only understands tlie new valse. but also the intricacies of cotillon, minuet, &c.; — facts amply vouched for by the Brisbane press. The Christmas Number op the "Illustrated. Sydney News." — We have been favored with a'1 copy of the above, accompanying which is a well- conceived and tastefully colored illustration, en titled "Family cares." The picture is exceedingly pretty and typical of sunny New South Wales. A winsome little fair haired maiden is represented carrying a kitten under each arm, looking as if she had all she could do to mind her charges. The Australian flowers at her feet and the bough of a guui tree represented by her side, eloquently de note the scetie to be Australian. Tlie journal 'is in itself a miniature library of well-written tales, ranging from fairy stories for children, humorous anecdotes for their seniors, love stories for the lack adaisical, and thrilling yarns of a dramatic or ghost-story character for such as prefer to take their reading highly spiced. The journal, in addi tion so this, is plentifully stocked with illustrations of no small merit, and on the whole a person would indeed be hard to please if he cannot; find something to suit her or his taste in this Christmas number; and we have 110 hesitation in strongly recommend ing it to the favorable notice of our readers. Ice — The very name sends a spurious and short lived thrill of longed for chilliness through one's frame these sweltnringly hot days. Mr. Harris, of the Great Central Hotel, has "gone one ' better," and now receives a supply of tlu- article for the use of his customers. A Grim Story. — 111 dealing with the case of the condemned woman, Louisa Collins, iu the Assembly on Wednesday night, Sir Henry Farkes related tlie ease of the woman, Alary Brownlow, who was executed several years' ago in G onl burn gaol ; and certainly his brief recital of4q»e of the incidents of the final scene made I1011. nfehibers shudder. He said the woman, who was young, and married, and a mother, killed her husband-' with a knife in a fit of temper. She was found guilty of murder and sentenced to death. Ffforts were made to secure her reprieve, but in vain ; and this scene, accord ing to Sir Henry Parkes, took plaee at the execu tion : The unfortunate woman hail a young child at breast, and just before ascending the scaffold steps gave to her child maternal nourishment, anil then passed under the hands of the hangman; A howl of indignation shot up from all sides of the House, and cries of "Shame, shame," "Outrage, outrage,"' &c.; "Disgrace to civilisation," rang from many members. Her execution, added Sir Henry Parkes, was approved by a high legal au thority still held in high respect in this country. " Not for such an outrage its that," remarked an hou. member. Sir Henry added that he thought the execution an inhuman .thing, hut he contrasted her case of impulsive murder with that of the plot ting Botany Borgia. However, the House was for: a long time upset by tlie digging up of the horrible barbarous incident of that dreadful Goulhurn exe cution. Important to Pastoralists. — It appears there is an impression amongst pastoral tenants that any overpayment of rental or license fees wliieli may have been made by tliem will be credited by tlie Treasury to next year's rent. This is, however, not the case, there being no provision in the law to admit of such a course. It will, therefore, be ne cessary for the holders af. resumed areas, if they wish to retain them, to pay into the Treasury the amounts due, and which we intimated in the sche dule to the Gazette of the 1st November, at the close of the year. VVe understand that the ad justments in regard to reiits are now being pro ceeded with in anticipation of the passing of the Estimates, and that upon the Appropriation Bill becoming law the necessary rotunds will be made, as well as the subsidies which have accrued under tlie Rabbit Act. A notice in the Goceniment Gazette of the 14th instant states that the fees for occupation licenses for 1S89 must be paid before the 31st instant, according to the conditions pre scribed in the said notice. — fit raid. A Challenge to SearleI— O'Connor, the cham pion sculler of America, has issued a challenge -to Bearle to row for H 1000 a-side and the champion ship qf the world, the match to bo roweij eittier 011 I j the Sacramento River at San Francisco or 011 the J I Thames. O'Connor objects to row in New South 1 Wales on account of the climate. The Commissioners for railways favor tjje estab- li8hniie)t of a separate Goods Statiqq at Darling Haiir. , . ' jTTiTif n vr — ' T./i.r..fr..>nifrfi.«r_iniwa«wBiiiiiii»uai Glen Innes Public School. — The spirit of emu lation, we hold, is most desirable amongst pupils at any school. This obviously can be brought into existeucc by having prizes to he competed for in each class,. and the exhibition to parents and friends of specimens of the pupils' work in various branches. "With these incentive's to diligence to look forward to at tlie end of each term, experience has ofttimes proved each learner is urged to do his or her best, for all very naturally wish to possess some tangible proof tp show of their diligence. We are sorry to hear from Mr. Read, although he thoroughly agrees with us as to this theory iu the abstract, die finds it ivill not work here iu Glen Imies by reason of the sundry petty jealousies and bickerings it gives rise to. I11 consequence of this, at the conclusion of this j term, no festival of the kind we have referred to wasffield, much to the disappointment of the school children, and of many of their parents. & Bismuth. — J. 8. Drew, T. Traynor, G. M\ Simp son and W. G. Brereton applied for a mining lease for bismuth at Glen Elgin during thejpastjwuek. Improvements to the Showground. ,— It is eiiiineiitly satisfactory to find how energetically their work is being pushed unfiiy the various con tractors; 'F. Ryan has converted the primeval scrub into land -available for its intended purpose, which D. Wirtli is enclosiug at a rapid rate with a suh- stantialjlookiiig fence. Tlie sheep and ponltiy sheds by M'Rae and' Aliteliell;«whiqh are already com- pletedy.show tokens of workmanlike finish, and al- though; t)ie; cattle yards are yet iu a state of chaos, the split timber lying ou tlie grouud provided for the purpose by Mr. Winstanle-y is. of siicli excellent quality, ijithat there is" 110 donbf the yards whbff crected 'will be accredit also, to the improvements on the Showground. 0 Expulsion of a P reemasox. — At the quarterly nieetiiig'bf tlie Grand Lodge pf Scotlandi?;eld"'on Novemberis!, at :: Edinburgh the Grand Master ' Miisoii!pf:Scotlaud, Sir Archibald Campbell, Bart.;' AL P., occupied the throned On the miniites,.of the Grand : Committee being considered, ®'tlu! Graiicl Alaster|ref erred to a matter that caused much regret —an irregularity that had occurred iii'Lodge Celtic Edinburgh ami Leith in May last. According to the niiii utes bfethe grand .committee it appeared-tliat f- fat a loclgedunCral. held byithe Celtic Lodge in the Alasohic Hall oil1 May -8, twOgladies were admitted to the' organ loft, " vv here rthey saw and heard through tlie partially open glazed door" some por tion of tlie proeeediugs.SrThe Grand Committee also reported that the ladies in question were so admitted by Bro. William Edwards, Acting Past Master of the lodge. By a majority of 15 -'to S the Grand Committee adopted a - recommendation that Bro. Edwards- he expelled from the order of Freemasonry ; under the Grand SLodge of Scotland. After some discussion, -during which it was stated that the'' ladies in question were the daughters of the de ceased member in whose honor the lodge was being held, it was resolved to uphold the decision of, the committee by 157 to 124. -gj, " j, . |The Railway Commissioners. — It is considered unlikely that the Railway Commissioners will visit the north until after the new year has commenced, owing to the,, large amount of business requiring their attention iu Sidney. High Honors in AIineralogy. — We learih from t the Teiiterfield iSfar that Air. E. 0. Watt, formerly!? of Teiiterfield, and for some time past a student of School of Alines, Ba|larat, has just succeeded in carrying off the Royal Geological Society's gold Medal for the highest number of marks at the recent examinations in the six following subjects:— Struc tural and Dynamic Geology, Determinative AIiner alogy, Descriptive AIineralogy, Petegraphy, Crys tallography, and Stratagraphical Geology. This is one of the highest honors obtainable in the school, and Air. Watt merits congratulation. Air. Watt is well known here, and his many friends will doubtless be glad to hear of his success. Civil War in Samoa. — H.AI.S. Lizard, which, has arrived from Samoa, brings news that a great battle ivks fought there ou November 29. It was the fiercest conflict that has yet taken place between the rival parties. O11 that day Alataafa's men at tacked the stronghold of Tamasese, at Vaitele Bay, and after severe aud prolonged fighting, they suc ceeded in driviug the defenders from all their positions save one. -The killed on both sides num ber one hundred, and several hundreds woundad. "Ihe attacking party lost 50 killed and 60 wounded; One position was taken aud retaken five times. Mataafa finally gained possession of it. AIacawbeian Politicians. — " iEg'.es," iu the Melbourne Leader, writes : Mr. Alicawber, as we all know, emigrated to New South Wales and ob tained a leading position in public life. Under another name he entered. Parliament, and there is reason to believe that there are few Ministries in which lie .lias not held a poitfolio. He is as san guine as ever — hoping against hope to bring the' expenditure down by sixpence or to raise the in- comedy a shilling. But eveu the great Sir Wilkins has begun to despair. He sees his neighbor Vic toria in the first five months of the financial year with ;a siu'plus of £410,805 over the estimated re ceipts while his own have decreased in a like' degree. For the month of November alone tlie« increase on last year's revenue for Victoria was = £105,305 — for the same month the decrease in the revenue of New Souta Wales was £246,290. Sir Wilkins is old enough now to profit by the lessons of experience.. He has endured so much in his young days from that unfortunate sixpenny diffi culty that he will not let his country suffer from the same cause. Consistency aiid free-trade may perish, but Sir Wilkins, Alicawber, protection, and prosperity will live iii" th ei r places. , A-C)octor all to Himself; — Air. -Jay Gould likesto have a doctor aU, to himself ; it is said that he pays £4000 a year .to'his physician, Dr. William Muun, and thus commands his entire time. Tlie . contract is for twenty years, or until Mr. Gould's death. Dr. Munn has devoted his time since his engagement, which beguii a year ago, to theareful study of the hitman nerves and their diseases. Cangi Reefs. — A correspondent writes The Cangi gold field to which a rush took place about 17 years ago, and from which a large quantity of alluvial gold has been obtained, is likely to again enjoy a season of prosperity of a lasting and more permanent nature than that occasioned by an alluvial rush 14 acre leases have recently been, taken up by a small syndicate of Fairfield gentle men, :and a parcel of three tons of stone recently treated in Sydney from one of these claims has given the' very satisfactory return of 3oz 16dwt 16gr per ton besides a considerable percentage of gold and silver which remained in the contentrates. This is from a reef six;4feet wide, and was not picked ; in fact it appears to be almost impossible to obtain picked .'(samples, the gold being so equ ally distributed through the whole mass. This reef has been tested to a depth of about 30 feet and at intervals along the surface for nearly 100 yards, the same uniform prospects being obtained throughout. Another reef about three feet wide which appears to junctiou into the former, has re cently been discovered and proved to be, if any-' thing, richer than the large one. . Splendid natural . facilities for working exist, the supply of timber- aud water being practically unlimited, and the proprietors are making arrangements for the erec- tion.of machinery immediately. This field, which: is situated on the south arm of the Clarence River" is only 25 miles from navigable water, and has, without doubt, a brilliant future before it, and it appears strange, being so easily accessible to the outside world, that its vast mineral resources should 'have. 'remained so long undeveloped. The reefs abut 011 the surveyed line of the Grafton- Western railway. Church of England School for Glen Innes.— The Rev. J. Campbell announces that he aud Mrs. Campbell, assisted by properly certificated teacher, are willing to open in Trinity -Hall a Church School, in which all branches of" education will be studied side by side with religious subjects, provided that sufficient interest is manifested by the church people of this town. If some 30 pupils are pro mised, the school will be opened at the beginning of next quarter. It will be seen by advertisement that applications must be made within the next ten days to the Rev. J. Campbell. VVe have been as sured . that it is not a money-makiug scheme, but is being taken in hand at considerable inconveni ence by those concerned purely aud simply pro bono publico. Glen Innes and Grafton Mails. — The follow ing alterations will take place from the list of Janu ary Leave Glen Innes on Tuesdays and Fridays, at 3.30 p m. „ Bald Nob on Tuesdays and Fridays at 5.30 p.m. Dalmorton on Wednesdays and Saturdays, at 6.30 a.m. Arrive South Grafton on Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2.30 p.m. Arriving at Grafton on Wednesdays aiul Saturdays, 3.30 p.m. Leave Grafton on Mondays and Thursdays, at 7 a.in. „ South Grafton on Mondays and Thursdays, at 7,30 a.m. „ Dalmorton on Mondays and Thursdays, at 5.30 p.m. Bald Nob on Tuesdays and Fridays nt 0.30 a.m. Arriving at Glen Innes on Tuesdays and Fridays, at 0.30 a.m. From observations during the transit of Venus the sun is computed to be 92,385,000 miles from the earth, ; Ladies Wjho faint on being " promised to" can ' ' " _ restored to consciousness by whimpering jn t'Xai ear? that you were puly joking. ; H .'va'- 