HUMOUR. « - — . The rolling joke gathers lots of. moss.— Puck. Samlet is a play for all time. It will never give up the ghost. It is a smart man who knows his own" pic ture when it is published iu a newspaper. — Washington Star. There were four candidates for the Presi dency of the French Chamber, and Mr. De rifle was the hindmost. The wise geographer who has his eye on the royal family of Germany is not publish ing any large and expensive map of Europe just now. A scientist says a wasp may be picked up if it is done quietly. Yes; it is when the wasp is laid down again that the noise begins. —Life. "Wife—Women are often criticised for wearing, loud colours. What would you call a loud colour ? Husband — Yeller, I suppose. Boston Journal. ' Water is medicine,' read a toper in a sani tary journal. ' Next, some fool will be ad vocating water as a beverage,' he added, with a look of disgust. ' What a labour-saving invention the type writer is ! Don't you find it a great con venience?' 'Convenience? Drat 'em! They marry off faster than I can fill their places.' Being asked to state her birthplace and when she was born, the witness, an actress, answered : England. I was born on a date which I was too young to know. I am old enough to testify." 'A genteel carver,' says a book on eti quette, 'always sits when he carves.' Carvers who get on the table and have a wrestling match with the chicken are known by some other name. No Nearer Belationship — Fascinating Fe male Pawnbroker (a widow using the privi lege of the year) — Mr. Augustus, I lufs you. Vill you pe mein husbant ? Augustus (firmly) — No, Mrs. Solomon Levi ; you can only be an uncle to me. In great luck — Friend — ' Was your uncle's will satisfactory to you, Brown ?' Brown — Perfectly so. I'm a lucky dog ! He left his entire fortune to an insane asylum.' 'You mean that you are an unlucky dog.' 'No I don't. The other relatives are going to con test the will, and I'm going to he the attorney. — Life' 'No, James,' said a young wife, 'I don't like that house we looked at. Why, there isn't a cobweb in the whole pantry,' ' What do you want, a cobweb in the pantry for ?' asked her husband. 'Why, to hang the spider on, to he sure. Husband— Wasn't it very late last night when young Sampson left? Wife— Yes, very. Husband — And Clara is riot up yet ? Wife— No, poor girl. I thought I would let her sleep. Husband — I wonder if .the young man really intends to propose to Clara ?. Wife — I think he has. done so already, I noticed this morning when I came' down that one of the legs of the large easy-chair in the parlor was broken? He. (admiring a vase of flowers)— Aren't they beautiful? Do you know, Miss Bough, they remind me of you? She (softly)— But, Mr. Cute, they are artificial. He — All, yes; tut you'd never know it. — Judge. The Patent Bed Spring.— Our patent spring bed has been remodelled. The one for two in a bed is so arranged that the part the wife lies en can be set by the husband unknown to the former, and it springs "her out of bed and stands her up on the floor at any hour for which it is set. It then remains turned up on one edge so she cant get back again, at least on her side of the bed, and she won t come back on his side, for she's too all-hred mad to come near him. So the result is that she is compelled to dress and go down-stairs to see to breakfast, and tho old man will get a rest. Oh, it s a daisy. satisfied. There was a bign upon a fence The sign was ' Paint,' And everybody that went by, Sinner and saint, Put out a finger, touched the fence And onward sped, And as they wiped their finger tips, It is,' thoy said. — Boston Courier. 