LADY DAI1ER. '\Ve must ask them at once,' said the Countess. Lady Damrner was very kind during your illness, Archie; she wrote several times.' ' How far is this place-Avonwold from here ?'.asked Verner. 'About filteLn miles,' replied Lady Dysarte. 'I do not know, Algernon, whether Misa Charteris has returned. Have you heard ?' Archie interrupted. 'Where has Miss Charteris been, mother?' The Countess laughed. 'I am not the only foolish mother in the world, Archie. Lady Datner, after .much deliberation, determined on sending her daughter Rose to a very celebrated Parisian boarding-schoo!; but she could not endure- the thought of Rose going alone. Miss Charteris has been staying in Paris, so that she could watch over Rose. Now you are laughing, Arclhie; remember I was just as anxious over you.' ' Rose used to be my little wi.ei' said Lord St. Albans; ' she was ,a lovely little girl; if she grows up the same I should like to make her .my wife toin earnest.' 'Plenty of time to think about that,' said Lady Dysarte. '' Then we will con sider it a settled.thing that theDanters diue · iith us next week, if they are not en gaged.' Verner-who was a great admirer ol what he called suggestive words-more than once repeated to himself 'Avonwold.' This word pleased him it was musical, with something of poetry in it, and once he said to himself 'Lady Darner of Avonwold. I wonder what she is like that they praise her beauty so much ? He was soon to see. The invitation to dinnerwas sent and accepted. -In a few years he remembered the day so well. It was nearly the end of September, and the woods were glorious in their rich au tumn tints. The gardens were one mass of luxuriant bloom. SSeveral other people had been invited to meet the Damers, and before sunset cairriage after carriage drove up to the Court. 'The loveliest women in England,' said Verner to himself. 'I wonder what she is like-' He had never met wih any beautiful women-except in books, and he was notunnaturally anxious tosee one. Lady Dysarte was a handsome woman, high bred, and dignified, but not beautiful, and Verner could not but have a great natural curiosity to see this fairest of women. It so happened that the earl detained him for a few minutes, so that when he went into the drawing room he found most of the guests assembled. Lady Dysarte came to him. * Now, Verner,' she said, ' I will intro duce you to La.dy Damrner.' ' He followed the stately mistress of Hatton Court, and then his charmed eyes fell upon a picture that never left them Sagain. 'The loveliest woman in England t' fairer, he thought to himself, than Vends, the queen of tifeauty. A lady seated or.n a sofla; her dress of rich.blue velvet,• with its sweeping train falling around her perfect figure in folds that would, have driven a sculptor to despair. Ctouds of fine, white lace seemed.to .have fallen on her exquisite arms -and white breaist clouds so fine that one breath would blow \--,-them all away. But it was the perfect .beauty of the magnificent face and the noble contour of-the :lueenly head that rivetted his attention.! Never had he even in.a dream-seen-anything like that face.. :The luxuriant, igolden-brown hair was ;dawv'n back firom 'a white brow "that ought to have worn a golden crown; the dark, violet eyes were bright, yet dreamy tenider, yet proud-they had depths into 'hich no one looked-secrets whilch no one read. The long, silken lasheslay . like fringe on her perfect cheek. . ' Lady Damer,' said the couttess, 'ybu have heard me speak of the young herb who saved my son's life; alblow me now to introduce him to you - Lady Damrner, Mr. Verner Elster.' And she raised her;radiant eyes to his. \- He did not know.wh t came over him'in that moment; what strange sensation, what inad impulse to kneel at her feet and kiss her fair, white hands. Her eyes seemed to set his hdad ori fire-yet he knew not why, nor how. S'Iam very pleased to see you, Mr Elster,' she said, and the sweet tones of her clear voice thrilled him. Like ill women-she was touched by t.he beauty of his face and its spiritual 'expression; 'her eyes lingered on it. She s~poke to hirita\gain and drew aside the ric~ifolds of her dress that he might sit -down by her-her eyes still lingering on him. Ah me ! how little she knew ! how little she dreamed that twenty years ago he had lain in her arms, his little face touching hers; how little she dreamed that he wss " the baby" over whose lonely little grave she even now shed tears. She was delighted with him, and when Lord Dysarte camne to take her down to dinner she said to him 'I hope Mr. Elster will be near us. I am delighted with him.'. And the earl, to whom every wish of that oIdvely lady was law, managed that it should be so. CHAPTER XVIr, The dinneT party at Hatton Court was a great success. Lady Dysarte thoroughly understood the art of party giving. She assorted her guests carefully, as a draper does his choicest goods, so that one should display the other to the greatest advantage. She never asked people who were all Sgravity to meet each other; she always honored her entertainments with some of bright wit or gifted with some brilliant powers of.conversation. So it happened that her dinners were always considered a great social success,- and that a man would give up every other engagement to dine at Hatton Court. Surely, the idea that consoles the poor will some day be realised-that everything will be made equal hereafter. See that magnifitent dining-room, with its costly iturnitur?,' its rich hangings, its few gems -of pictures, its brilliant lights, the splendid service of gold plate, the epergne, with its fragrant exotics, the rare wines whose perfume rivalled that of the flowers, the recherch/ dishes, triumphs of culinary art, the beautiful women whose rich jewels shone in the brilliant light, the antmosphere of warmth, luxury, andti fragrance; picture it; then contrast it with the one little room, where the mother, in despair, weeps over hungry chlildren, whose white lips cry out for bread wihen hle has rone to give them, Thiingts Imuit i:tu right at latl, atnd the GCud of thte pour give to ithe,, in :uplcr abundance what the world has refused them., No such thoughts troubled those whose cot:versation was so pleasant. Lady Damrner was- the most beautiful woman there, and she was unlike other beauties, in this respect, that her mind matched her face. She was clear-gifted and intellec tual; no one could sustain a conversation with greater base, grace, or fluency. Lord Damer above all other things was proud of his peerless wife. She had crowned his life with love, beauty, and honour. Look ing back through the long lines of-Damers there were none whoi sustained the honour of the name as she did; none so fair--so peerless-so proud. Verner Elster was charmed with her entranced, fascinated; never in his whole life had he dreamed of a woman so fair and gracious as this. Lidy Dysarte had been like a revelation' to him from her refinement, grace, and elegance. I-IHe had seen no woman except such'as Jane Elster- homely, uneducated, hard-working, full.of goodness, but. want ing in'all the graces-that make women:so be itching. Lady Damrner with her fascination and beauty enchanted him. lEvery time she spoke her voice thrilled him like the sweet, faint music of a dream, every glance at her beautiful face set him dreaming. No wonder poets had from all ages written and sung in praise of women I He had never before understood the love of Dante for Beatrice, of Petrarch for Laura; but now it was all plain to him. Such women as Lady Damer were. made to be worshipped as queens, not loved after the fashion of mere mortals. He could not quite understand his own sensations; he would have been willing to have sat for hours in silence simply look ing at that face, dreaming over it, marvel ling at its beauty. It was not the wild witchery of love that had taken possession of him, but a deeper, more reverential devotion that puzzled even himself. He seemed to be roused from a dream. When the. ladies rose to go into the drawing-room the peerless face passed from his sight then, and a dull, cold blank came 6ver him. 'Now, Mr. Elster,' said the cheerful voice of Lord Dysarte,.'.pass the decanter.' He roused himself : then, turned his thoughts from the wondrous beauty that had aroused all the poetry in him, and joined in the conversation.. 'Geinius will out.' Before long the oldest man at that hospitable table was listening with delight to the young secretary. His lips seemed to have been touched by fire] every subject on which be spoke took new colouring from him he was so entirely original-his ideas and thoughts were so.beautiful and so true. 'It is a thousand pities,' said Lord Dysarte to his neighbour, ' that this young genius cannot get into Parliament; they want some clever speakers, and he has in him the making of a truly great orator fire, passion, genius, power, strength, and eloquence. - We must push his fortunes.' But Lord Damer was, perhaps,. more delighted with him than anyone else. As they left the dining-room he went up to him, aid said :. S-' I am very pleased to have met you, Mr. Elster. I predict a great future for you. WVill you come over to Avonwold? I am sure Lady Damer will be as pleased asiimyself to see you.' Verner thanked him. It was very .pleasant.. t.io meet with such kindness, to recei;e such hearty iproofs of likirig and good will. 'Above all,' he thotight, to himself, 'they know me for what I am; there is no pretence about it, everyone under stanids that I am the son of a poor working man.' S.Then they entered the drawing-room, and he saw a smile in Lady Damer's eyes that encouraged him to take a seat by her side. The lovely face was smiling on him as she drew aside her costly dress to make room for him. - SThat is right, Mr. Elster,' she said; 'I was hoping for a few minutes more with.you. I hear that you are a poet-is ittrue?' 'I do not know how to answer,' he rep!ied. Shall I say that I hope I am ?' His fair, boyish face flutshed, ahd- a light, beautiful to see, came iritohis eves. SIf to Idve all things beautifil and qgood, if to ha've a thousandthoughts that miust find vent in words, is to be a poet, theri I think, Lady Damer, I am one.' Her eyes:softened as she looked at him. 'Your mother must be very proud of you,' she said, gently. Verner laughed that musical laugh of his that everyone liked to hear. 'I do not know,' he replied. 'My mother is a dear, good, homely woman, to whom all books are a strange, unknown world. I think she is much prouder of my brother Bob, who stands six feet high, and is as strong as Goliath.' 'You must be strong, too, to have res cued Lord St. Albans as you did.' ' Thank God my arm is not wanting in nerve or muscle, Lady Damer.' She was looking very earnestly at him. ' Of course,' she said, 'I have never seen you before, but there is something in your face very familiar to me, why, I cannot tell.' SI have never seen you before, Lady Damer, he said, 'I should have remem beredyour face; I shall remember it now until I'die?. ' He spoke sko,earnestly that she saiv he had no fault of flatteiring her. 'You are goiig'to be a courtier,' she said;', with a smile.' S'I shall never be a courtier, Lady Damer. I have such a fatal knack of saying what I think, and of speaking the truth. Those two habits would be failings in a courtier's eyes.' ' Where is your home ?' she asked, ' the home where your mother lives.' 'At Widcombe,' he replied;' we have always lived there as long as I can remember.' 'That is where the famous grammar school is kept.' Yes,' he replied, his beautiful face beaming with pleasure; 'How strange that you should know that, Lady Damrner. Doctor North is the master, and I should think he is the finest scholar in England.' 'You do not know what a reputation Widcombe has, or you would not be sur prised at my knowing of its existence. I suppose you won the scholarship, and so went to Oxford ?' 'Yes,' he replied, 'how kind you are to interest youself in my poor affairs, Lady Darner.' ' You interest me,' she said, with the same gracious softening of her eyes and face. ' You interest ise strangely.' ' Then Lam very happy,' and he looked so. Just then Lady Dysarte camre up to them, with a folio ofengravings, which she optened and laidl before thenm. 'Soic of thltce are very fise, blle said. ' They wilt please yot, Iady Ilanecr; you ill,:" ,,od cngravi,,gs.' I thtiy tlesn t ,.t ovt .r the I.tli, together, httdlly n.it-ldis anItitig to amuse thest, they were so deeply engrossed in each other. Then, when their heads were bent,-it was strange to see how they resembled each other-the same graceful, ideal contour-the same delicate brow. A slight exclamation of surprise from L.aura Lady Dysarte, and Lady Darner looked up as though she would ask the reason. 'You will think' me very rude, Lady Damer,' she said; 'but I always thought your hair more "singularly beautiful in colour than any that I have ever seen. Do forgive me, but see, Mr. Elster's is precisely the same.' Lady Damer looked at the noble, young head, with its clusters of golden brown hair. She laughed. ' You are quite right, Lady Dysarte. I hope you have not been stealing my hair, Mr. Elster.' 'No; but Ishall value iny own now; I nerver did before.' 'I say again that your mother must be proud of you, Mir.'Elster. Pardon me but do I hear Lord St. Albans addressyou as Verner?' 'Yes,' he replied, ' that is my name. I have: often wondered where my dear mothei, whornever soars into the regions of the romantic, found such a name.' "I have either heard it before or dreamed of it,' said Lady Damer, and softly to herself she repeated the word ' Verner.'. 'Some one must have suggested it to my mother,' he continued, with a smile. 'She is quite incapable of originating it. They often 'used ,to itease me at home, and say I had a fairy godmother.' 'Indeed,' said my lady, looking up into his handsome, laughing face. 'Why?' CHAPTER XV I t. 'Why ?' repeated Lady Damer, 'A fairy godmother is a very unusual thing in this prosaic nineteenth century.' 'I do not know if I dare trouble you with such nonsense,' replied Verner, ' but the truth is, that after I won the scholar. ship and was going to Oxford, I received so many and such valuable presents that we could only believe there was a fairy in the case. Amongst other things, there was a little purse of green silk, that I always take care of, hoping some day to find the owner.' 'Why, that is quite a romance,' said Lady Damer; 'and does the fairy send to you still ?' 'Every year,' he replied; ' books and money, for I had no money of my own, If I should ever find my generous bene. factor I shall know how to prove my gratitude.' 'And have you no idea, really, who takes this strange, friendly interest in you ?' aiked Lady Darner. 'I am almost ashamed to say that I have given so much time to study that I have thought but little about it. Most probably it is one of the gentlemen who were present at the examination; they were very kind to me.' 'Very likely,' said Lady Damer. 'I shall ahlvays keep the little green silk purse a talisman, he said, 'for I have a strange kind of conviction or foreboding that some day that?little purse will be .of great use to me. Oh, Lady Damer, your kindness makes me selfish; see how long I have been talking to you on that one little subject.' 'It interests me,' she said, again with that serene graciousness no man could resist. Just then Lord Damer came up to his wife. 'Florence,' he said, 'have you asked Mr. Elster to give us a few days at Avon •wold ? Lord St. Albans has promised to come.' ' ' I hope you will coime, Mr. Elster,' she said. Avonwold ii: the very, home of poetry. Wdhave a real ghost, that ap pears on the:Queen'saTerrace; every, stone, 'every tree, has-;its~ legend. '-You would like Avonwold. Promise me that you will join Lord St. Albars in his visit.' S'It will be one of the greatest pleasures in my life,'-he replied, earnestly ;and she smiled at the warmth of his words. ',Lord St. Albans has not decided upon any particular time,' said Lord Damer, 'but he has promised that it shall be next month.' Then. Lady Damer's attention was called to some young ladies who were very anxious to please the mistress of Avonwold, having an eye to future balls and parties there. Verner was asked by Dysarte to amuse Captain Pierce, a heavy young guardsman, who had been invited with the Lanehams. .It was then his fate to overhear the following conversation between Sir Leonard Dacre and Major Hammersley, two of the guests. 'WVhat a very beautiful woman Lady Damrner is,' said the major. 'I know all the beauties of the day, but I really think she surpasses them.' 'Yes,' replied Sir Leonard, who spoke with what he considered a most engaging lisp, 'she is a lovely woman-proud as she is beautiful; and I like pride in a woman, it keeps them straight, sir-keeps them straight.' ' My dear Sir Leonard,' said the major, calmly, 'women like Lady Damer are always what you call straight; they never go wrong.' 'I wonder, now, what age she is,' mused the baronet; 'I could not guess any date between twenty-five and thirty-five.' 'She is one of those,' said Major Ham niersley, solemnly, 'who never grow old; when she is forty that woman will be in the very prime and perfection of her beauty; age'is very long in touching a face like hers. She has a son and daughter growing up-I should think she must be quite thirty six- yet where would you find a young girl like her ?' 'I do not think so much about youth,' said the baronet; 'I find young girls very insipid. I like a woman of proud and stately presence, of gracious, graceful manner-one like Lady Damrner; who was she, do you know ?' 'No; I have heard, but I forget-a good old English family, I believe. The Damers, you know, are ultra particular. I do not believe that one of them would marry a queen if she had a blot on the page of her lineage. You may be quite sure that every woman bearing the name of 'Damrner' is all a woman should be.' 'You know the family well, I presume?' ' Yes;' replied the miajor, 'a kinsman of this present Lord Damrner, Audrey Damrner, is my dearest friend. Talk of the jealousy of women, I am 'sure that his wife, Mistress Isabel Damer, detests the beauti. ful mistress of Avonwold.' Sir Leonard laughed, anything of that kind pleased him intensely. Then Lord Damer joined the group and the conversation was ended. I.ord and Lady Dramcer stayed for the night, and Verner was haplpicr thian he had ever been in hIris life bIefore ; his feeling for this Iwanutiful woman was sonmething like Sadorattnr., \hcrn the hottr came f ,r leaving I barton Cnnurrl, .:duly l)awer held out her white ilt;tnd tn him, 'Good-bye, Mr.. Elster,' she said, ' l hope I shall see you again and soon.' She could not understand the longing that she felt to'take him in her arms and kiss the beautiful, boyish, spiritual face. What attracted her so strongly to him ? There was no affectation, no coquetry in the liking that warmed her heart every time she looked at him. She thought of him as they drove home; the noble head with its clustering hair; the beautiful eyes; and she smiled to remember how Lady Dysarte had said the golden brown hair was so much like her own. How was it that all day her thoughts wandered back to the little grave at Riversmead that she had never seen ? It.fwas so many years since, and she had never once looked upon the baby face hidden away there, yet she thought of it so long. Was there such a lonely little grave? A baby whose mother had never kissed him, who had no name, who came and went as a spring flower blooms and dies. 'If he had lived,' she thought to herself -'my baby--my first-born-he. would have been twenty now-a man almost and how different my life would have been. I should never have married Karl then. Ah me I what that little life cost me. Why should I think so much ofhim to-day ?' she wondered, and there came to her a kind of vision of the last and terrible day when the graves of all men should open. This little one would whom she pictured so fair in his infant's shape. She would see'her child for the time in the great light of eternity. 'My secret will be known then,' she said to herself; then Lady Damer wondered what had come over her. She rose from her seat, and took up a book, hoping to lose her thoughts in its pages. 'It is' a year since I have been so nervous,' she thought. 'I cannot under stand what has happened to me.' She could not shake off the thoughts that oppressed her, so she went to the library to join her husband, who was writing there. 'You look ill cheric,' said Lord Damrner. 'What is the matter ?' 'I think I am nervous,' she said. 'I have come to you Karl, to cheer me.' He loved her.so dearly that ihe could not bear the least shadow on her lovely lace. He put aside his letters and tool: her out for a drive. 'There is nothing like fresh air and sunshine for raising one's spirits,' he said; and in a short time Lady Damer had forgotten everything in the world, except that her husband worshipped her. That night she had a terrible dream -one of those dreams that come at times like a warning of future evil. It was that she was walking along a high road, and she wore a white dress, at least it should have been white, but looking at it, she saw some terrible stains, dark, mys terious stains, that filled her with dread and horror. Just then she saw a forest, and to hide herself from all observation she entered it. There was a strange light on the trees; she looked up to see whence it came; and there, across the sky, was a band of fiery letters. 'Lady Damer's Secret,' she read; then she gave a terrible cry. The leaves of the forest trees were all moving in the wind; she looked at them, and she read in fiery letters on each one of them the self-same words, 'Lady Damer's Secret.? Horrified, she stoed still. There had been music from a thousand birds, but now through the summer air there came an awful sound; it seemed as though each little bird cried aloud, 'Lady Damer's Secret !' Then the mocking laughter of a hundred voices shook the great trees, and she woke, with her heart beating so fast 'that it was with difficultyshe couldbreathe. Then a deadly terror assailed her. 'Oh, my God I' she cried, 'let me for. get that dreadful dream.' .But the words rang in her ears, 'Lady Damer's Secret 1' ' She woke her husband. 'Karl I:Karl I' she cried, 'wake up and speak to me, or I shall go mad.' SBut all she could tell him, when.he.did wake, was that she had had a:terrible dream. CHAPTER XVrII,. A week had elapsed, and Florence Lady Damer still looked ill and unlike herself. She could not relieve her mind by speaking of her fears to anyone; but that dream had been a terrible shock to her. She was happy now, for Hope had had returned, and she always brought with her an atmosphere of strength and rest. The two sisters were sealed in the luxurious dressing room of Lady Damrner -a scene of magnificence, luxury, and elegance not to be surpassed. Florence Lady Damrner sat before the sumptuous toilette-table; the dinner-bell had not rung yet, but she was ready dressed, and had dismissed her maid in order that she might have a few minutes alone with her sister. Hope's eyes rested admiringly., on the lovely figure before her. 'Floy,' she said, 'I do not wish to flatter you, but I do think you grow more beautiful every day.' There was some reason for what she said. Lady Damer's dinner dress was of rich amber silk, the beautiful neck and and arms were hlike white, polished marble, she wore atcostly necklace of pearls with a small ruby cross, a pearl bracelet was elapsed round one fair arm, the masses of golden brown hair were fastened with a small circlet of pearls; she had a richly jewelled fan in her hand, which she moved carelessly-it seemed to stir the fragrant air into richer fragrance. Lady Damrner smiled indifferently, ' I am g!ad you think so, Hope. I do not wish to lose my beauty yet.' 'You will have to abdicate some day in favour of Rose, Floy j; she will be a very lovely girl; but now I look more closely at you, you have lost your colour; have you been ill? you do not look so bright or so happy;' 'I have wanted you, Hope,' said Lady Damner, as she moved her jewelled fan more quickly. 'What should I do with out you ? I have missed you so much" 'Why did you want me, darling ?' asked the elder sister, looking anxiously atrher. ' Because I had grown so nervous and frightened-for a whole day and night I thought of nothing Iutthat terrible time at Riversmead. It seemed to haunt me -I could not take my mind or tear my thoughts from it; and then, Hope, I had such a terrible dream-I must tell it to you-it almost drove me mad.' 'Dreams are only dreams, darling,' said Miss Charteris. 'i But this was so terrible, Iope ; I miust tell it to you,' and with a lace that grew whiter as lshe spoke, L.adtly D)amer told her dreant. ' l), yosu know, llopt,,' sIhe said, 'that it ijmpressed mte so that, whienever 1 have looked up at thec sky since tihent, I have seen in flaming letters 'Lady Damer's Secret.' 'My dear Floy, you are nervous, that is all, and your nervousness has taken that shape. It is not to be wondered at, if you thought of nothing else for a day and a night. I advised you always to forget it, to drive it from your thoughts.' '1 could not, it mastered me,' she said. 'Oh, Hope, dear Hope, forgive me it I try your patience. Do you think my-my secret is safe ?' 'Yes. I Iknow it; if it were not, I should not-nay, . could not-look into your lace with a smile. I am quite as anxious over you as you can be for your self. I have lived for you, Floy. I have been mother, and sister, and friend. Danger threatening you must touch me first.' Lady Damrner looked greatly relieved. 'And you really think it is safe, Hope, that wearisome secret ?' 'Safe as are the dead. Remember so few knew it--only the doctor and Mrs. Leybourne. The doctor I do not think would betray us, if he were threatened with the rack; and even were he inclined to do so, he could not. I left no clue to our future when we quitted Hyde Park Ter race. Hle could never find us, for he would not dream of looking for you at Avonwold. Mrs. Leybourne knew no thing of the matter. She looked upon you as a very young wife, whose husband was abroad, and whose friends were not quite content with the marriage. She only knew you as Mrs. Maxwell, and she is far away in America, probably dead, but never likely to return. You see, darling, there is not really one loop-hole by which your secret could escape.' 'I have almost despaired,' she replied. 'Oh, Hope, could the leaves of the forest, or the bird's song, tell it as I dreamed ?' Miss Charteris smiled. 'You are allowing nerves to get the better of wisdom,' she said. 'Leaves do not talk. You must call a little common sense to' your *aid, Floy. You may, in deed, rest content. I pldge you my life that your secret is safe. I should not have allowed your marriage unless it had been so. Now, look up, darling ! your own bright self. Smile, and tell me you are ashamed of such childish fears.' Lady Damer's beautiful face cleared. 'I have been so very happy of late years, Hope,' she said, wistfully; 'Karl is so fond of me, and I love him so dearly. Iworship my children. I am so happy, so honoured, so beloved in my home, that it would be ten thousand pities if that dread ful history came to light now. Oh, I-lope it would kill me, or drive me mad.' 'You know it will never be, Floy. Now drive it right away from your mind -do not think of it again. Remember I have pledged my life for your safety, and I have told you that what you call a nervous fear is nothing but ill-health and nervous imaginations. Now be happy again, Floy.' Lady Damer had learned -to rely so implicitly on her sister's word, that the doubt cleared from her mind, the fear rolled away, as does the morning mist before the warm sunbeams. 'Remnember, Floy, this is to be the last time it is mentioned between us; and now let us speak of other things. I hope, dear, when Alwin goes to Oxford, I shall not be obliged to live there.' Miss Charteris laughed as she spoke. 'No; that' is different. I could not have sent Rose to Paris unless I. know you were near. You are my tower of strength, Hope. I had a certain convic tion that no harm could come to the child shen you were near her.' 'And how have you enjoyed yourself, Floy, of late ? Lord Damer tells me you have been very gray.' 'We jaid a very pleasant visit to Hatton Court. I like the Dysartes so much, Lady I)ysa'rte is one of the most charming women I know; 'and her son, Lord St. Alb6hs, 'is perfectly delightful. He in 'quired about you so very kindly.' : 'He has left Oxford, then?'said Miss Charteril, indifferently. ' yes-; KIhad no time to tell you in my letters'ofthe' accident that happened to him; 'his mother will never trust him out of her sight again, I am sure. He is, as you know, anything but strong, and he went'6ut boating with two of his friends, fell into the river and would have been drowned but for the bravery of a young companion, who rescued him. He had a very narrow escape-one minute longer in thdie water and he could not have re covered, the doctors said'. : .: ' 'I am very glad he was saved; Lady Dysarte would never have recovered from the shock.' 'The young hero who saved him. is at Hatton Court now. They will never let him go again--he is like a child of their own.' ; They are sure to bei: grtteful to him,' said Miss Charteris. I think dinner is lafe to-day, IFlby.'. 'Karl .and I both'fell in love with this young collegian, Hope. He is my perfect ideal realised. He is all that a young man should be-beautiful, for his faces is so lair and spiritual-gifted, a poet, an artist, with such a charm of manners.' - 'My dearest Floy,' Karl will be jea lous:' * No-Karl likes him quite as musch as I do. He has asked him to come over to Aironwold. He is not twenty,' she aidded, with a smile, 'so that there is very little cause torjealousy.' SMiss Charteris did not seem to be particularly interested in her sister's favorite. S' What is the name of your young hero,' she asked, wishing to show some little interest.' 'He has a very romantic name-Verner Elster. Hope-Hope, What is the matter ?t For Miss Charteris had fallen back in her chair-a ghastly pallor on her face. : My dear sister,' cried Lady Damrner, What is it.' 'Nothing,' said Hope, trying hard to rouse herself. 'Do not look so frightened, Floy. It was only a pain-a sharp pain that comes at times and shoots through my heart.' ' You should see a doctor,' said Lady Damer, anxiously. 'It is really nothing. See-now it has gone.' Lady Damrner laid down the jewelled fan, and, bending over her sister, kissed her face. 'The colour is coming back to your lips,' she said. ' Hope, you frightened me.' 'I am very sorry, darling. You see, Floy, I grow older, and I cannot expect to have such perfect health as I have en joyed until now-it could not be.' 'I would give you all my strength,' said Dady Darner, wistfully. 'I know yout would darling. I am so much interested in what you were tclling inme, Iloy. I did not lquie hear the name, loughli. \VWho was it saved Lord St. Albana ?' 