A. STRANGE APPEAL. We have received by the mail which came in on Thursday copies from two or three sources of an appeal for help to a South Australian colonist, which, to say the least, Is ill-judged. Our first impulse was to take no notice of ihe document in these columns. Seeing, however, that the circular has evidently been widely distributed in England, and Ib likely to do incalculable mischief to the colony, we do not feel .justified in passing .it over, lh any case we should have been disposed to repress the names, . but as we believe the circular has been received by several persons in the colony there is no valid reason for concealing any of the facts. The document; which is well printed on good paper, is headed 'Dis- tress in South Australia,' and states that 'the case of severe siokness and diB treBS disclosed in the accompanying letter rrom an old and respected colonist of South Australia to a friend in London calls for sympathy and help from any who are in \ position to afford it.' It is intimated shat 'fuller particulars will ba given )n application to Messrs. Brabant ind Co., Australian merchants, 36, Leadenhall-Btret, and subscriptions will be thankfully received by the Btok of South Australia, Lombard-street, for 'the Malcolm Family Relief Fund' md remitted in due course.' We have no reason to doubt the genuinenesss of she appeal, which was in all probability prompted by the kindest motives. Chat it is calculated nevertheless to do much harm to the colony is certain. Not long since one of the London papers was anxious to prove that this country ras in a state of Insolvency, and the lippeal before us would be calculated to 'oeter this impression. When Mr. Malcolm forwarded his letter ' to a friend in London' he in all probability did not expect that so much publicity would be given to it. And when a man is in iore straits he may be pardoned for losing ?iight of patriotic considerations if a regard for them might be to his own detri ment. Nevertheless the . 'friend in (London' was ill-advised when he allowed the letter to -be published with the circular. - ' i The letter, which is signed ,' William Malcolm,' and is dafcd from 'Lincoln fields, South Australia, September 18, 1887,' gives a sad picture of the writer's physical and mental sufferings' and^ of his financial, position. He says — (/I am .still confined to my bed, perfectly helpless, and during the past week my suffering vas past all endurance, and, poverty tricken though we be . to a iegree, not knowing which way o turn for ordinary necessaries, ay people thought it too terrible that I hould lie here suffering as I was; month fter month,'- and possibly -He- like a ijog ?unrelieved by medical skill,' The letter then goes, on to' narrate that medical 'aid was called in and the opinion given was most unfavourable. As written to a friend these words might not perhaps be misunderstood, but when published in -an appeal for help they are Ukely to producer most unfavourable im pression of the colony. '. Those to whom the appeal ;'^r'^p\:^'J^B^^j^^:aiid many of whom;: have ^ /rery^;-iazy ifleas of the conditions of life in lite colony, are apt to get. the im pression' that' it, is' *£he' custom' in South Australia to permit '? an old and respected dplonist' to die like a dog. We need hardly say that^nothihg Can be further crom the tnith.^ f*O^ieip«nence is that South Australians;are ever ready to relieve cases of distress ^without enquiring tod closely in-^^eyrcn^taiices thitmayhave irough^lt^nlH'l^ie^ further states ?gbafe? IJihe; wlony r seems to have got a tifani iii Jhe'tfde Lonce* more towards pros ??Je^l-^SP^ will ,'*»§£?»*; lea'* two or ihree ^gS^Jga?? ^TeBtbre^ confi|ence and bring things generally back to their normal condition.' . Read by ^ jkT: stfanger' tikis 'sentence Tjroulil. aesuredly give- an r*ontniet.lnrpreasioB ot\ our position. We need noi stay to recall the things which contributed to; theirant of confidence that was so apparent a Ifew months ago ; but we believe that unhappy condition has passed away. With th» exercise of prudence and economy, such as have been conspicuous during the last twelve months, the laat vestige of the depression through which we have passed will speedily disappear, and things will get back to something more than their normal condition. We have referrred to the subject with a good deal of pain and reluctance, and only because in our judgment the appeal for help is most ill- judged. Those who are amdou' to run down the colony and to no. every circumstance that can tell to ib. disadvantage will not be slow to make UBe of the document for this purpose* We vent-are to Bay that the circular will be a surprise to many persons here. .We can understand that ft: man' who: has seen better days may shrink from parading his poverty before those among whom he lives, and may feel lees reluctance In appealing to friends at a distance ; and it is noi our business to question Mr. Malcolm's right to adopt the course he has taken. The great mis-0 take has been made by bis friends in giving publicity to a private letter as they have done — a couree which is not very credit able to them and Ia unfair to the colony. Mr. Malcolm says—' What I really want now is a loan to Btand over for a couple of years, so as to enable us to secure ahousa for the children.' He asks his friend to help him In this matter, and the friend publishes an appeal for help ' to an old and respected colonist of South Australia,' and heads the appeal ' Distress in South Australia.' If the position of the writer 1b so desperate as Btated, we are 'quite rare that an appeal for help in the colony would not be made in vain. And while we do not desire to check the sympathy and help of any in England ' who are in a position to afford it,', we feel bound to enter our protest against the ill-judged character of the appeal, which if allowed to go unchal lenged might seriously damage the colony. The Ocean Mails. — Since we wrote on this Bubject on Thursday the Government have communicated with the Largs Bay Company in connection with the recent selection of the Semnphoie as the port of call' for the contract ocean steamers. What is wanted is that the arrangement now subsisting for the use of the Larga Railway and Jetty should be extended for 'a term of five years in order that when the ateamers come to South Aus tralia under the new contract arrange ments may be made for the reception and1 transit of mails and passengers during the currency of the contract The present agreement with the Largs Bay Company has only two years to run, and it would be very awkward at the end of that time to haVe to change the arrangements for tha landing and embarkation of mails and paseengera, The Government is happily not at the mercy of the Com' pany, and if suitable terms are noi: offered the Semaphore Bailway and Jetty, which are public property, can be utilized, Altogether there are very fair prospeots of a satisfactory settlement, and we have again to congratulate the Government on1 taking the bull by the horns and making a definite choice between the rival ports of call. That they have chosen the more suitable of the two will be evident to everybody except perhaps some enthuBiastio residents in Glenelg, who think that the premier watering place of the colony should also be the chief port for ocean steamers. The divi sion of the honour between the Sema phore and Glenelg which at present obtains cannot be said to have worked ?satisfactorily, or indeed to have any thing better tban a sentiment to recom mend it. When in process of time the colony is enterprising enough to construct the much-needed outer harbous it must be in the neighbourhood of Largs! Bay. Meanwhile the extension of tha contract, with the Largs Company or tha expansion of the Semaphore Jetty will1 enable the Government to meet tha immediate requirements infinitely bettec than they can be met at Glenelg. Whether Largs or the Semaphore is selected as the landing place, we trust; that the Government will take care to have every possible convenience for carrying on the work of landing and embarking the mails with dispatch. Abbival of the Govkbnob or Wsszebk Atjstbalia.— On Friday morning His Ex cellency the Governor of Western Australia arrived by the South Australian. His Excellency, who is on his way to attend the centennial demonstrations at Sydney the week after next, is accompanied by Major Phillimore, Royal Artillery, and Inspecting Field Officer of the Forces ia Western Australia, the fions.IL W. Vena (Wellington), .Robert F. 8holl (Gasooyne),, S. H. Parker (Perth) leader of the Legislative} ABBembly, and Mr. Boott (Perth) eleoted mem bers of the Legislative Council, and Mr.. G« Leake, the Crown Solicitor of the colony, Tha Private Secretary , (Mr. Lempriere) wenfi off to the steamer at Glenelg, where the party landed, and- Eta Exoellenojj was received by 8ir William Robinson*' The party came to Adelaide, by ; the train, leaving Glenelg at 1.45 p.m. A guard . of honour of the Permanent Force under tha - command of Lieutenant; Hawker were ' drawn up at the .^Victoria- aqaarej Station. Sir Frederick Broome and Majoc -~ Phillimore are the guests of His Excellency the Governor, at Government House, and tha other members of the party are staying at tha York and United Service Hotels. Daring^ the afternoon Sir Frederick Broome viaitedL the Exhibition, and in the evening he was present at the the concert In the Town HalU The, party will probably remain .here till Monday, when the journey will be resumed1 by the overland router** The Hon. J. Gt Lee Steere, Speaker pi ihe ( Legislative Council, passed through Adelaide on Thurs day on his way to Hobart, where he will attend the formal = meeting of the Federal Council next week and, then proceed to Sydney. I Passkhobbs PEB.P. & Q. S.S. Shahnos. -»'„ The following passengers left by the Shannon^ on Thursday evening: — For Melbonrner?.:. Miss Hay den. For Sydney— Mrs, /onetg Misa|yenterB, and Mr. E. Stanley. , : . ; ; 1 Thb Civil Sbbvicb Boabd.— The Govern- ? ment have found some difficulty in making: the appointments on the Civil Service Board,, which Parliament decided last session should , control the Civil Service. It is, however, ex« . pected that the gentlemen who are to fill tho position will be chosen next week., , 1;,,! ; p. & O, Mail Pabsihoxbs.— The following* are the passengers booked for London by the- P. & O. J.s. Biitanniar leaving Glenolg, to-day:— Mr. and -Mrs. ? J.. Wilqox, Mrs. and .Miw.Trenery, Mies Hack, M-jasrs, W.» B. Binhpp, and F..;G. Walkerr . . .\; ',-}'.',' : B.vsvw 07 3CH3B Bboekh : Hill Special.--' The special train which ??, left Broken , Hill aft 1120 on Thursday night arrived in Adelaide* at2.80.p,m. on Friday. Amongrt.*^ party were His Grace the Ihike of Manchester, ths-* Hons/ J; a:B«yiM^P^Ai(irt^Mi».;^-Q; ; Neild,, M^P. (New South '^esf Gonr!^ (New;%uth; Wales)^ ^E.-~T^Smithi: Md^-^. Qaptaui Mecham.rju, E. Imngley, GibM rlonibanr.Jd.P., Ji; 1* JBonython.jCourtenay, ! xiz-'Zih ^cii-ilid i2i fiiaf'£'''J ^»eri'jal*t lirjiL-ij--- ton. Tie trip down wm a thoroughly en joyable one, and the railway arrangement! were excellent, the traits arriving and beiog dispatched to the' minute. The travellers, who were still the guests of the Tramway Company, stopped at sevezal stations fir refreshments. The Duke of fifanohester and several of the intercolonial visitors went t j Melbourne by the afternoon's express. The arrangements made for the travellers, both on thejzp and down journeys, were on a most luxurious scaie* and nothing was left undone that conld conduce to their comfort. Mr. KW. A. Horn, M. P., who made himself re sponsible in this respect, did everything possible to study their welcome, and the visitors highly appreciated the compliment. Beferring to the banquet the Hon. J. C. Bray as well as the Gommiaaioaer of Grown Lands responded for the Parliament. Oar report credits Captain Piper with saying taa district ' was the heel of Australia.' The word 'hub' should have been substituted for 'heeL' The Jttsilss Rxhebixios' Buildihgs. — The Government have not yet determined what will be done with the JabQee Exhibitioa Buildings after the goods have been oleered away. The different; requests that have been made to the- Governmen£are now' under con sideration, and in the meantime, when tha Customs give up possession, of the building, Mr. (X E. Owen-Smyth (Superintendent of Public Buildings) will have charge of the Exhibition premises. The Lasd Commission. — At the last meeting of Cabinet the Government consi dered the large number of applications that have been made ior positions on the Land Commission. The appointments were not definitely made, but the selection will be made at the next meeting of Cabinet, which will be held on Wednesday next. Ths Exhibition Buildings. — At a meeting of the promoters on Friday afternoon it was decided to call for tenders for the purchase and removal of the agricultural hall and two or three other buildings on the lower flat of the Jubilee Exhibition Giounds. CxBTxsxiAii Pbess Banquet. — We have received the following telegram from the proprietors of the Evening News and Town and Country Journal, Sydney :— ' We invite all Auatralasian journalists to the Centennial Press banquet to be held in the Town Hall, Sydney, on the 25th inst. The Mayor of Sydney presides. Please extend this invita tion to all South Australian journalists.' Thb Agbicoxtural College. — Mr. Moles worth, who since the retirement of Professor distance as Principal of the Boseworthy Agricultural College has been acting as Prn cipal, has, on the appointment of Mr. Lowrie to the position, vacated his appointment. Prior to the resignation of Professor Custance Mr. Molesworth was Professor of Chemistry at the College. Mr. Molerworth intends to visit England after going to Sydney. Sxdhey Exhibition.— Mr. H. B. Hardt reports having received from a Melbourne fiim an additional application for 1,000 square feet of space at the Centenary Universal Exhibition, Sydney. This makes theapplied for space here to be 10,500 square feet, or, allowing for. passages, one-half, of the avail able ground floor space of- the main hall. Gumkracha Eleotion.— Already a large number of candidates are mentioned as likely to contest the vacancy in the representation of Gumeracha caused by the death of Sir Robert Boss. Mr. W. Haines, a former mem' ber for the district, has definitely decided to stand, and Messrs. J. H. Symon, J. L. Stir ling, H. A. Giles, of Mount Pleasant ; G. F. Ind, of Paradise ; and P. Hynes, of Blam ber?, are expected to be nominated. Ths Jitbilkb Exhibition. — Considerable (progress has been made in clearing the ex hibits from the Exhibition Bandings. Some of the courts are altogether demolished, and so great is the change in other parts that last week's visitors would now scarcely recognise the inside of the Exhibition. Commandant or thb South Austbalian Fobcbs.— The Government have not yet ap pointed a successor to Brigadier-General Owen. It was intended that if possible one of the local Militia officers would be offered the position, but as the gentleman who was favoured by the Government does not care abontthe appointment, it is therefore just poesible that an Imperial officer will fill the vacancy, but nothing definite has yet been decided. Thb Gawlbe Police Enquiry. — The enquiry which is being held by the Chief Secretary and the Attorney- General into the complaints made against Sergeant Leahy, ths officer in charge of the Gawler Police Station, was continued- on Friday. Several witnesses were examined, and the enquiry was then adjourned till next morning, when the evi dence will be closed. Pobe Adelaide Electorate. — We have been shown a printed circular dated January 12, as follows : — 'A meeting will be held at the Railway Hotel on Tues day evening to consider the advisability of asking the junior member for Port Adelaide to resign his seat in the House of Assembly. Your attendance is requested.' Thb Laxs Exhibition.— The 8.M. Herald writes:— 'We congratulate the people of Adelaide upon the success of their Jubilee Exhibition. When we remember the doubts and miagmngB which attended the projeot at ?fee beginning we are compelled to recognise not only the public spirit, but also the truer foresight of those who had faith in the ven ture, and prosecuted it with so much energy to the last. . . . Some people have thought that the day for Exhibitions has gone by. The circumstances in this case do not support that view. Soutls Australia is not a populous colony. It only contains some 312,000 people. Adelaide is not centrally situated. Yet there was attraction enough in the prospects of the Exhibition to induce about 8,000 exhibitors to con tribute; and the Exhibition itself drew together an attendance of 766,000, whilst many of the visitors were gratified, not to say instructed, by what they saw. Two points are to be noticed ; first, that the Exhibition was held in a time of great depression ; and next, that its influence in promoting the return of prosperity is generally recognised. When there was some talk of holding an Exhibition here to commemorate the cen tenary, one of the main causes for the rejec tion of the idea waa the belief that it would be injurious to trade. Our Exhibition of 1S7S? was complained of in some quarters ; but there is little doubt that on the whole it had a beneficial effect. At Adelaide, as we are fcol«?, the Exhibition has certainly given an impetus to- business. Had timely arrange ments been made for holding an Exhibition here, and had they been carried out in a judicious and- spirited a manner, a similar result, on a larger scale, would probably have been produced ; but as our rulers had not the courage to try the experiment for inem selvea we shall have the pleasure of seeing it made hi. Melbourne, and of then recognising that energy, enterprise, and public spirit bring their own reward. Thb E#r. W. R. Flktchbb, m Ckivos.— The Rev. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., who made an eloquent speech at St. Andrew's dinner (sajs the Colombo paper), has had an ex ceedingly pleasant and interesting stay in the little island. Mr. Fletcher leaves for Cal cutta by tbe Pekin, intending to make a tour through India, extending from the Far North, and West to Tuticortn, during December, January, and February. Mr. Fletcher has an email position as deputed to report oa education in India and Ceylon, and Lord Dufferin and the other rulers: of India ate certain to inake their visitor's trip a pleasant and profitable tme so faras lies in their power. Returnmg to Ceylon three months henco Mr. Fletcher hopes fen visit Anuradhapura, in order to still farther extend his acquaintance with an island in which he now feels a special Interest. We feel sure that Ceylon will benefit by -what will yet bo read by Aus traUan readers of Mr. Fletcher's impressions and observations during Mi stay amongst us. Iszxbcolosial StogeQuababtibx.— ' Some time ago correspondence took place between the New South Wales Government and the Government of this colony with respect to the removal of the prohibition on stock mqgduced into Australia from the Units I KfiSsdem and elsewhere. Tne result of *J»» ocirretpondence waa the holding inSepte liber and October of 1886 of an Intercolonial Stock Conference at Sydney. Mr. J.Bagotandthe Chief Inspector of Stock (Mr. C. J. Valan tine) represented South Australia on that occasion, and after, folly going into the matter the Government i- were' advised I to remove the pronibition.Bubjept. to restrictioar which were, agreed^upoa. at the Conference. The respective' Governments promised^ ta adopt the recommendatwDS, and iu August last, the South . ' Australian government issued a proclamation removing the, prohibi tion on stock .coming into this colony. The Ne^r South' .yTales . Government up to~ jfche present Jhaye hot fulfilled their part of the agreement, and the resul$ is that when stock ' mtendedffor Ifo'w South' Wales is 'shipped1 to South. Australia the burden of the quarantine ia .thrown' upon this colony. The Chief Inspector orstock liaving received*' cable gram informing him that that forty rains and lai'eflret^mte^ded for ai New SoutH1- Wales Btockownet,' had' been shipped to' Adelaide, the Premier^ on Friday- wrote to 'the New South ? Wales' Government andf requested them 'to fulfil their part of the agreement; so that this ' colony, might not ' be unfairly burdened with.the cost pf- quarantining stosk intended for New SoutbV wales. -?_' ''?' Ceickzt.— The intercolonial -match, 'Vio- toria v:' South Australia, is now definitely fixed for the middle of February. On the Oval to-day Norwood meets : Adelaide, and Hindmarsh plays South Adelaide. The Wyati-Benevolkot Jssbxutios. — On Thursday a meeting of the trustees of the Wyatt Benevolent Institution was held, and over 250 applications for relief under the bequest of the late Dr. Wyatt were con sidered. A' number of the applications were selected for reconsideration. The Eldbb Scholar.— Miss Hack, the winner of the Elder Scholarship for the Royal College of Music; leaves for England by the Britannia, which sails to-day. Teateee Gully Coal Mine.— This mine is still being actively developed as far as the present seam is concerned, and better samples of lignite than those analyzad have been obtained. On Friday the mine was visited by Mr. Richard James, of Wallaroo, who is an old Welsh coal-miner of thirty years' ex perience, and who had come to Adelaide for the Bole purpose of inspecting the supposed coal mine, having been requested by several Welsh miners residing in his district to do bo. He considers the lay of the country indi cative of coal, and that the present discovery is a leader to a seam of marketable coaL He is most confident that the latter will be mat with by sinking deeper, and as a mark of his faith has taken up a number of share3 in the venture. Thb Golotiblds ot thb Fae North.— On Friday the Minister of Education received through the Commissioner of Police the following report from M.C. Ffillier, the Aoting- Warden of Mining District 'P' in the Northern Territory, dated Heavitree, Police Camp, December 18, 1887 :— ' Sir— 1 have the honour to report that I have patrolled the ruby and goldfielda since ths middle of December. I receive information almost daily from district diggers having to come to Undoolya and to Alice Springs for letters, telegrams, &c; The number of men now on these fields is upwards of eighty. Sixty are employed gathering rubies, while the remaining twenty are either pros pecting for gold or working claims at Paddy's Hole. Things at present are very quiet. Those gathering Btones are scattered over a large extent of country, while the gold seekers are all within a mile or two of Paddy's Hole. I have heard Borne of the latter are getting gold, even as much as 3 oz per day being obtained by one man. This rumour, however, requires confirmation. It would be difficult to say what amount has been obtained, as there are no buyers on the field, and as a rule diggers dislike letting others know the result of their work. Several good reefs have been found, one by P. Fitzgerald & Co., which went over 3 oz. to the ton, one by J. Mueller, one by Hill & Co., another by Hussey & Co., and one by Patterson, Lamb, & Co. In the atone from all these reefs gold iB to be seen by the naked eye. There have been no disputes, but if we had a heavy fall of rain in the vicinity every man would be gold-sinking, ind then of course the presence, of a con stable would be necessary. . The aborigines ire very quiet in the whole of the district, but about 100 wild ones have made their appearance at the ruby fields during the last few days.' Thb Late Mb. James Baigknt. — The news of the death of Mr. James Baigent will be read with sorrow by many, residents in the eastern suburbs. Mr. Baigent, who was a native of Hampshire, was perhaps best known aa the Master of the Kensington School, a position which he occupied from 1852 to 1877. Here many hundreds of boys received ffip?T early training, the influence exerted by the school being .considerable. After paying a visit to England the deceased gentleman settled down to a quiet life, his love of retirement causing him to decline all requests to identify himself with public affairs. For man; years Mr. Baigent was a lay reader of the Church of England, and fre quently officiated at St. Matthew's, Kensing ton. More recently he filled the office of minister's warden at St. Bartholomew's, Norwood. Mrs. Baigent died some nine years ago. Exporting an Hotbl.— A large hotel has lately been constructed at Mr. R. Honey's Lion Timber Yard, Port Adelaide, and sent to Broken HilL The building when put together will contain forty rooms. It will consist of timber standing on brick founda tions. The roof will be of galvanized iron, with the chimneys of brick. There is some thing novel in Bending bo large an hotel such a distance. The building trade is at present receiving considerable support from Broken HilL Mb. S. Mobcosl— Upon enquiring at the Hospital this morning we learnt that Mr. Morcom's medical attendant is satisfied with the progress his patient is making. As Impudent Robbery and Smart Cap eurb. — On Thursday evening William Mathew Edwards, a farmer, of Reedbeds, waa at the John Bull Hotel in Currie-street, Adelaide. He there fell in with a man who accosted him, and after some conversation the stranger went home with Edwards to Brooklyn Park. He left bis hoafs house again about 9 p.m., and on Friday morning Mr. Edwards missed a portmanteau containing £150 in gold and some clothes, which was under the kitchen table. No one else was in the house with Edwards. The matter was reported to the police, and Detective Lawton and F.C Priest bad the case put in their hands. On Friday afternoon they arrested i man ri2?ed Allwater Hooper and a woman named Belva Cheetham, who are both well-known to the police, on board' She Koonawarra, which was bound for Sydney. About £35 in gold was found on Cheetham. Thb AusTBALiAir . Mutual Provident 5o-3Sxy.— A very handsome group of Btatuary, representing the well- known em blem of this Society. -has ins* been imported from Italy for the completion of this Society a new buildings in this city. The oj^maT group waa designed and executed In Mel bourne to the order of the head office in Sydney nearly a quarter of a century ago by Mr. J. Summers, who subsequently pursued bis profession at Borne, and died there. The original is a very beautiful and highly artistic conception, and although the many copies which have been made by different artists for other buildings of the Society may not perhaps vie with it in artistic merit, the one now under notice, leaves little to be desired. It is ia Carrara marble, and ia of first-class workmanship and finish. The group is cut in three blocks, the central weighing about 4| tons, the total weight baing nearly 12 tons. Tbeheightof the principal figure is over 9 feet. Mr. James Shaw, the contractor for the building, ia now arranging to place it in position. Shocking Casb ot Pabbicidb.— A shock ing case of parricide occurred 6 miles from Kerann on Wednesday evening In a family named Clancy, who reside on a selection. Mr. Clancy, who was a man of violent temper, was beating one of bis children, jk boy 12 years of age, with the buckle end of 'a. strap, when one of his daughters remon strated with him. Clancy turned round and threatened to kill ker, whereupon she imme dhtely ran for protection towards her elder brother, James Clancy, aged 25 years. The latter, seeing the position of affairs, too* up & loaded double-barrelled gun and fired at his father. Clancy staggered. A second shot was fired by the eon at bis father, who dropped. The son came immediately to Kerang, and; obtained medical aid, and In formed the -poliowoT what %ad ?occurred. Senior-coMtable'JD&jlW; aad'Dr.- Gregory pro ceeded to the plsce'; and found thVelder Clancy dead TEei son was brought into Kerang and locked up on a charge ot murder. Clancy was a powerful! man; He earner here from the. inglaarood 'district, where Jie- re sided for many year*: v His.; son. James is a quiet unoffending person^and mach sympathy is felt for the painful- jtosition in which he is placed.''''' '?i'1 t'-,r. V!-'' Trades and Labour. Couhcil.— The fort nightly meeting of the Trades and Labour Council was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Friday evening. , The President (Jar. R. E. Rogers) occupied the chair. ; Mr. Kennedy moved that a record be kept of the names of, the members of the Legislative Council, who' voted against the NorthernTerri tory Poll Tax and Taxation Amendment Bills. He considered 'that the '. opposition to these measures was a disgrace to legislation. The motion was carried. Mr. McKinnon moved that a vote' of thanks be accorded to the Secretary for' the able kfeter he' had written to the. 'Press oh the subjectof the explosion at Messrs, . Bdrfoxd & Son's 'factory.' In the' discussion' which' followed attention was called to the. looser w;ay in which Coroners' Juries were at 'present selected, and' the opinion was 'strongly expressed.. that' care should be 'taken that men who understood the points likely to be raised at the inquest should sit on tbe Jury. It was alsb thought that an Inspector of land boilers shbnld~be ap pointed. The motion was carried. The question of the proposed Board of Concilia tion waa discussed. Several delegates handed in recommendataona to alter the proposed rules for their Societies. The Secretary re ported that he had had a conference with the Secretary of the Employers' Union (Captain Hrinsden), and had gathered information on the subject in Melbourne. It was decided that a copy of the proposed rules be for warded to the Maritime Council with an in timation that the Council was considering the matter, but would in the meantime sug gest that there should be only one Board of Conciliation in respect to the two Societies. Bathhtg Reserve, Mitcham.— A memo rial is about to be presented to the Mitcham District Council, asking them to consider the advisability of erecting in a convenient part of the Brownhill Creek Reserve a substan tial dam for the purpose of providing a suitable bathing place for the residents and general public. The idea on the part ot the memorialists is to collect about £150, that amount to be subsidised by the Town Council. The Orphan Home.— The monthly meeting of the Committee of the Orphan - Home was held at the Home, Carrington-street, on the 13th inst. The thanks of the. Committee were passed to the donors of poultry, fruit, confectionery, &&, for the Christmas festivity for the children, and to Mrs. D. M. Cameron for a gift of a guinea for the like purpose. The consideration of the holding of an enter tainment in aid of the funds of the Home was postponed until next meeting, Thb Burba Burba Mikes.— We have heard from apparently reliable authority (says the Burra Record) that the Bum mining property has been offered to a Mel bourne Syndicate, the price being £25,000. Thb Melbourne Cbhtenkial Exhibition. —The question of space is likely to prove one of some difficulty in connection with the Mel bourne Centennial International Exhibition (says the Argus). The Victorian applications are so numerous that if all were granted a large amount of the accommodation which mast be reserved for the other colonies, Great Britain, and foreign nations would be ab sorbed. The Victorian applications received within the time fixed bythe Commissioners numbered about 1,700, and were for about 360,000 square feet of floor, and 50,000 feet of wall space. Theofficeraarenowbusilyengaged in classifying these applications, and mean while additional oner are coming in, which it will be the Secretary's duty to lay before the Executive Commission for special con sideration, as they relate to exhibits which it would be well to accommodate if at all possible. Many: of the Vic torian exhibitors, however, must Buffer dis appointment, inasmuch as some of the appli cations will either have to be refused alto gether, or the space asked for very seriously diminished. The erection of the annexes to the Exhibition building is proceeding very satisfactorily, and notwithstanding that Binoe the work was entered upon there has been a considerable amount of broken weather, the contractor (Mr. James Moore) entertains no doubt of bis being able to complete their erection by May 1* the time allowed under the contract. Three hundred and twenty workmen are now regularly engaged on the works. The quadrangle portion of the area is completed, and of the 15 acres which will be embraced in the annexes about 11 are now covered in and floored. An interesting feature in the design of the architect (Mr. G B. Johnson) is a sinking dome at the inter Bection of the eastern and western annexes, and work on this is now being commenced. The Victorian Wheat Crop.— The Aus tralasian writes :— ' In our estimates of the wheat crop it will be seen that after making due allowance for the damage which has been done by locusts, nut, and the unfavourable harvest weather, the result may be expected to show a substantial increase upon the yield of Inst year. If the crop could have been harvested without loss, both the average and the gross yield would have been the highest on record; but in nearly all parts of the wheatgrowing districts the crops are not turning out up to expectations, owing to the various losses which have been sustained since the beginning of harvest. It has been more difficult than Tmnftl to make an estimate this season, owing to the varying amount of damage done to the crops in different dis tricts, but as liberal allo irance has been made for losses, it is confidently believed that the yield will be as great as stated, and it is hoped that it will be greater. It is to be observed, however, that there is a large area of crop still unharvested, and there may be further losses. The average is estimated at within a fraction of 13 bushels per acre (12*990), and the area under crop at 1,121,000 acres, so that the quantity of wheat produced is expected to be 14,562,000 bushels. Making thB usual allowances for home consumption, the crop of the year will provide a large surplus for exportation. Allowing 5£ bushels per head for a mean population of 1,080,000 requires 5,940,000 bushels. Seed for 1,121,000 acres, at li bushels per acre, takes 1,401,250, or a total of 7,341,250 bushels. Subtracting this quantity from ..the total of 14,562,000 bushels leaves 7,220,750 bushels, or about 193,412 tons available for exportation.' As Important NauhoaIi Discovery.— A valuable instrument has (aaya the Age) been invented by Captain Holdioh, of the ship British Envoy, for determining, the^j^' positionof avesael by cross hearings without the aid of a cQJaapajsl Its simplicity com me^aBTFat once. Captain Holdich, who has used it for three years, refuses to take advan tage of his discovery by patenting the instru ment, as he thinks Ma brother shipmasters should have the benefit oi it, and there is no doubt that all vessels ought to be provided with one, as an exact position can be obtained in a minute. Captain Holdich describes his invention as 'an instrument for marking ships' positions without compass bearings.' A brass circle graduated from Nonius to 180° right and left is affixed to a board 10 inches square. On a centre pin tour pointers or arms revolve, the lowest of which is marked to prevent mistakes. To use it the arms are undamped and the board taken to any part oi the Bhip (even up aloft if more convenient) where bearings can be obtained. The lower arm is then pointed to the most prominent landmark, Keeping tha beard steady, the other two or three arms are pointed to any other landmarks, and the whole are then clamped firmly. The board is next taken to the chartroom, where tha clamped arms are taken off, placed on the chart, ths lowest arm being kept over the observed most prominent landmark, and all are then moved together until the other arms cover the other laud marks. In a hole in the centre whare the clamp Is fixed a 'pencil or compass point ia placed, and this marks tha position of the vessel on the chart to within a few yards. To get the position absolutely, a sextant has to be used to measure the angles from the leading landmark to the others, and the arms on the graduated rim have to be fixed ac cording to the angles taken. The advantages claimed for the Instrument are no liability to error of position: from misapplying compass - variation or deviation^ very common cause of mistake, and it can be used in all weathers and; under any circumstance!. For steamers on coasting voyages, where quick and re liable observations are a desideratum, the instrument will answer all purposes, and an inexperienced man can: get his position v. ithin a quarter of a mile, and «ne.acouB tomed to it can limit the error to within a yird. ? ? 1 - ? Austbalian Explorathht.— A proposal hka been made to the Royal Geographical 8 rciety of Australasia - by Mr. Ernest Faveno, the explorer, which should meet with a favourable result (stateVthe Argus of January 1$). Mr. Faveno is at present engaged in compiling a history of Australian exploration, and on its completion proposes to start for Western Australia,, there .to inspect a large area of unstccked country, and subsequently tp undertake a trip into the unexplored region between the tracks of Forrest, and Warburton. If he finds the season favourable he proposes to makejBQuth, cutting the tracks of the other explorers : at right -angles. . Mr. Favenc, asks, if tiio two x branches i ? of , the Society ' in .New, South, .Wales and Victoria will .unite in sending a surveyor with him* who shall be also a fair' mineralogist and something of a botanical collector.. Horses, . saddlery, and rations will be found by the . leader, but the passage^ instruments, and salary of the gentleman, selected are to be provided by the Societies named. The matter came before the Victorian branch at a meet ing of the Council on Tuesday evening in a letter from Mr. Faveho to Baron von Mueller, and was very cordially received. A sub committee, consisting of. Messrs. Panton, Gordon, and Shillinglaw, was appointed to deal with the applications, which, it is be lieved, will be numerous, to make the selec tion and to report at the nexb meeting. The Rev. C. H. Spubgeon's Return to London.— The Bev. C. JEL Spurgeon, who ha* been on a visit to Italy, has returned to London (&ays; the London telegraphic corres pondent of the Melbourne Daily Tdtgraph on January 10). A meeting to welcome him home has held last night in the Tabernacle There was an enormous attendance, and the rev, gentleman was received- with great enthusiasm. The meeting was also made the occasion of celebrating the delivery of his 2,000th sermon. Terrible Railway Disaster. — In the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of Thursday appears the following London telegram: — 'A frightful railway accident is reported from America. A goods train came into col lision with a passenger train near Wyoming, Pennsylvania. The passenger train' was crowded with men, women, and children. The trains met with a terrific shock, and the scene which followed was of an appalling character. Many of the carriages were smashed into Bpllnters, and the wreckage caught fire, adding to the horrors of the situation. The weather, too, was bitterly cold. Besides frightful injuries sustained by many of the passengers a number of children were burned to death before they could be rescued from the debris. Many more were frozen to death before relief arrived. The scene waa one of such fearful horrors that it drove the conductor of the passenger train mad.' Gold in the Yilgarn Hills.— A corre spondent to the Western Australian writes thus on December 16 :— ' Our party are still busy prospecting ; as yet we have not found a nugget even as big as a common smoothing iron. We have done a great deal of glaring at quartz through magnifying glasses and other ways, have done a goodly amount of trenching for reefs, and have rent the .air with fragments of the Yilgarn Hills. The water here is just about done. It is about the. consistency oi weak pea-soup, and will not laBt much longer. It is a great pity there ia such a scanty supply, as th« country is likely enough for prospecting. The faot that pay able gold exists in the locality is conclusively proved by Messrs. Anstey, Payne, and Greaves, but whether it exists in payable quantities has as yet to be demonstrated. I got the very faintest ghost of a colour in a dish of stuff from a» reef we are trying^ It was barely discernible with a maxni fying-glass. I glared at it for some, time and pronounced it gold ; I then showed it to a man that knew nothing about gold, he Haiti it was gold, and another member of our party Baid it waa gold. After hearing this last decision I madly danced a saraband round our Bpring cart, and contrived to lose the speck ; but three pairs of eyes and one magnifying-glass can testify to its existence. We will pro bably have to come in soon owing to the failure of the' water supply near the reef, and to register our claim, &c; Messrs. Daly, Dowd, Carrol and party came back a day or two ago from a trip to the eastward, but did not give us an encouraging report of the water supply in that direotion. Our horses do not seem to appreciate the luxuriant herbage about Enuing, but hones bred on and used to this country do well enough. There appears to be any amount of quartz reefs in all directions,- and in all probability other reefs as good as the one already found will be discovered in time. But they will require a good deal of looking for, and the expenditure of both time and money. So that even if nothing very startling is found, money will be put in circulation, and the colony in general benefited.' Sib Henry James at Glasgow.— Sir Henry James, M.P., when Bpeaking at Glasgow last night (telegraphed the London correspondent of the Melbourne Daily Tele graph on January 10), severely criticized Sir William Harcourfs Home Rule proclivities, and described him as a political 'Mr. Bulti tude,' after one of the leading charaoters in F. Anstey's novel, ' Vice VerBa.' Bishop Moorhouse on Australian In temperance. — ' Comfort comes to us from a Bishop in regard to one of our social Bins,' remarks the London Daily News. 'Dr. Moorhouae finds an excuse for our national vice of intemperance in our climate. He is able from his colonial experience to compare us with our own race abroad. He tells a Church of England Temperance Society meeting in Manchester that 'it is a fact that the native-born sons, and especially the native-born grandsons of English parents have little tendency to drunkenness in Aus tralia.' Whenever he saw a drunken man in the streets there, he always concluded that the man waa an immigrant, and found that he was never far wrong. Not that the Bishop of Manchester maintains that there are no intemperate Australians. His theory is, however, that intemperance there iB the ex ception, and that what there is of it is bre»Jr. ing down under the influence 0| warm cUnmte, geeerow dlefetY-^j abundance of Cdtuoor amusements. Temperance Societies cannot improve our climate, but the Biahop of course does not mean to suggest that their work is hopeless. It is really to the com bination of unfavourable climatic' conditions with hereditary tendencies, aggravated by ? the bad and insufficient food, clothing, and lodging* of large numbers of our population, that he attributes !the national vice. The line of temperance reformers is therefore to weaken these other causes which give strength to the climatic temptations.' Thb Wire of thb French President.— Madune Catnot, the wife of the lately elected. President of France, has English blood in her veins (says an English paper). Her.. -grandmother was an English lady named White, who married a M. D^pont, of Bouen, and her father was M. Dupont White, the economist member of the Institute, and translator into French cf Stuart'^ Mill's works. His accomplished daughter helped in the task of translating the' later productions of that author. Her library contains few French novels, and. a great many English ones ; and ever since her marriage she has kept in the movement of English literature. The Nizam's Otter.— We hear that within a fortnight of the date on which Lord Dufferin wrote to the Nizam acknowledging the receipt of Hia Hlghnesa's generous oner of cash for the purpose of frontier defence [St. James's Gazette says), it waa rumoured in the bazaars of Hyderabad that the English Government had declined to accept the gift. The news was received with a considerable amount of satisfaction by the soucara — the native bankers — of the city of Hyderabad, They had taken alarm at the Nizam's inten tion, so much so that they intended drawing up a petition against the Government of i ' ???''??'?? India's acceptance of. the money, . Macaulay. tn^te'3^tithep%pplef!oFinaSa' «rald''5ntw1 bankers- rioher-ttan^ ttiarl rtahesV ^ -'firms1 of- ^Barcelona 'r6rr''GSa&'-v'Tffese' 'greaVJ firms- of- '- bankers -fafall-' .--existj -fian^ many of them -'-have ' their I ejranfaf : at ' Hyderabad. When^ the Nizam's ? treasury is' low it ia these^great firms of bankers -which1 ateu looked: to : to. supply.' the necessary funds. The debts of the Hyderabad^ State: are not believed to be iarfte, nevertheless: it doubtless owes a good deal of money to -thai native: bankets. They ^ are ah eminently, shrewd class: of mep, intimately, acquainted: with the amount of the various loans raised, and. the provision annually made by theCState tp(mee£ its .liabilities ??., It 'is possibly they : hada good ,reaapa; for,;cQntemelatiag ..wftii; nervonsnesB the disappearance of twenty lakhs j ^poal'y ior three, years jrom/ the_ Sta|e treasury. _ 7 -,.','?.,??..': ?/? 1'; ,','.. ! CuifATB ANDCA»'(SBR.T?-Liian 'artlale.upon^ *' Climate' aud Cancer,' '.. the, -Sk; James's (gazette states ^hat , 'one of the commonest generalizations aboutcabcer' ia that it more frequently ?appearaI(invlpw-Iytog areaa^han in the higher regions1^ the earth's surface j a^dlno, bet^' example of rihe jf act Vcan. Toe afforded than by the geographical distribu tion of tbe diseasib throughout J England. Qat of every million deaths from all causes, those' from cancer number about 30,000 This proportion is only ex ceeded by phthisis, old age, convulsions, bronchitis, ' pneumonia; ' and * debility.' Next 'to consumption, cancer, is the most fatal of all the constitutional diseases, and it has 'been steadOy'gajhing ground* for more thantwenty years. Taking the whole of Eng land at tha present time, one out of less than every 2,000 people is doomed to die of this disease.' The average rate is, exceeded in the low-lying and humid oountiea, while in the counties of more elevated-area and drier at mosphere it is frequently not attained to, A remarkable confirmation of the theory as to the relation between- climate and cancer is found on the other side of the globe, in our Australian colonies. There, as here, con sumption is by far' the' most fatal constitu tional disease. There, as here, cancer come next on the list; there also. the disease is gaining ground every year ; and there, too, it is moat fatal in the' most humid of the colo nies. The rainfall of Tasmania iB heavier than that of any of the colonies on the main land or of New Zealand. Victoria - comes next, then New Zealand, then New South Wales, South Australia, Western Australia, and Queensland. The death-rate from cancer per 10,000 persons living (taking the mean of three years) is as follows :— Tasmania, 5'14 ; Victoria, 4*60; South Australia. 3*16; New Zealand, 3'11; Western Australia, 3*08; Queensland, 2*68; New South Wales, 2$9. We should add that in Victoria especially the disease has much increased of late years. We have the figures down to 1885 only, but these show that during the ten years ended with 1880 it caused only one death in every 41 from all causes, while in 1884 the propor tion had risen to one in 30, and in. 1885 to one in 32. Moreover, since 1860 the death rate from it has increased steadily from less than two to nearly five per 10,000 of the population, although, the death-rate from all causes has diminished. At this moment cancer is nearly as prevalent in Tasmania asd Victoria as in England.' Hares and Rabbits in America.— In Manitoba and the North- West there are three or four species of hare, including a few Jfbck rabbits in the Rockies (says a Canadian, paper). One is the bush hare common to the old provinces, and which, like the polar hare, turns white in the winter. Another ia the prairie hare and the polar hare. The common grey hare, which Professor Ball thinks is an American species working its way eastward, is the one which is afflicted with a mysterious disease every seven years, and after becoming remarkably numerous is thus, thinned put almost to decimation. According to some this disease is the larva of a botor, bug which burrows into the skin in. the j fall and develops in the spring itiU -it kills the animal. Others say the^. disease, is occasioned by the food they eat; that when they have become so numerous their food gets scarce , and they Tare driven to eat the bark of the wild willpw, which sets np an inflamation in tfie i throat and proves fatal. It might be important for. our Australian cousins, with 7whom the rabbit is a veritable scourge, to enquire into the effect of this willow, and also as to whether the lynx and marten, which are famous rabbit catchers, could not be accli mated there. Prairie fires and bush. fires have also been known to exterminate them in districts, a fact also worthy the notice o£ Australians. While Australians, have been at their wits ends for means to exterminate their rabbits, the Manitoba Legislature some years ago passed an Act to protect them ; however, they repealed the Act when the rabbits got bo numerous that the market price was twenty-five for SL Claimants for a Fortune.— A claim has just been made on the Treasury of the State of New Yotk for a fortune of £140,000, which has been lying there for nearly twenty years, by the children of Dr. Kenealy, the well known English barrister, who was disbarred for his course in the case of the Hchborne claimant. The romantic story of .the claim (says the Anglo-American Times) in brief is : —In 1819 a great uncle of the presumptive heirs, a colonel of the 58th English Regiment, was ordered to Canada, and brought over with him two motherless boys— Edward and William. Upon returning subsequently be left the boys in charge of a French Catholic priest at Amherstberg, Ontario. The boys, it seems, grew tired of school life, ran away, and were never afterwards heard of by the old colonel, in Bpite of every means having been used to trace them. A few years later the colonel died in England. Edward, the elder brother, went to Michigan, where all trace was loBt of him. William, from whom the fortune cornea, went to Brooklyn, where he grew rich and was known as a miser. In 1867 he died childleas, leaving, a fortune of £60,000 He left; most of Mb money to found an orphanage, but before the Courts the orphanage bequest was set aside. No heirs appeared, and the money was covered in time into the State Treasury. . There are five heirs to this fortune, and four of them are in America. The eldest is an editorial writer on the New York Herald. One son is prac tising law in Manitoba, and. the third son is a reporter on the Philadelphia Press. One of the daughters is practising medicine in London,, and one I; a nurse in the Children's, Hospital, New York City. . ? : J}ZkTR OS ?'Z0Ln7 THOME3OJT. — The Wellington Times oi December 27 announces the death of Mr. W. H. Thompson, perhaps better known aa VZulu' Thompson, who died at his residence in Dixon- street on the previous evening about 5 o'clock, and adds : —?lA3r. .Thompson had been confined to hia room for the last five, months suffering from diabetes, and the last week or so he gradually got worse and sank last night under hia Bufferings. He was 46 years of age, aud leaves a widow and one daughter about 7 years of age. Mr. Thompson fifat came out to the Australian Colonies as lecturer to a panorama of the American War somewhere about 1865. He travelled all over the world with that and his succeeding show, the, Zclu War, visiting Great Britain, Canada, the United States, South Africa, India, China, Japan, and the Australian Colonies. In the 'show* line few men were better known or more universally liked than poor 'Zulu;' With a natural genial bonhommie he made friends wherever he travelled, and. no call was ever made for his help in cases of brother professionals in need of assistance but what a generous response was given. Mr. Thomp son was a member of the Masonic frater nity.' ? . A Warning from tttw Boys' Bsigadb.— A member cf the committee of the Boys' Brigade writes :— ' One or two of the news boys have been in the habit of borrowmg from various gentlemen a few shillings under different pretexts and promising to return it. One lad in particular has succeeded in ob taining several pounds, and it is needless to state never returns . any. Gentlemen who have been already imposed on are, of course, not likely to be again fleeced by the same btory, and others are requested to communi cate with the Secretary or Treasurer of the' Boys' Brigade before giving money, as any real cases of need will be known by them.' Legislative CotraciL Election.— Mr. W. Storrie, who eat in the Council from 1877 to 1878, announces that he is a candidate for one of the seats for the Central District to be declared vacant next Aprili 