novelist. THE FALSE KNIGHT: OR, THE . ROBBER OF THE BLACK V FOREST. i-STORY OF LOVE, MYSTERY, AND . ' ADVENTURE. ^BJ^SYLVAHUS COBB, Jr. .-.,-5^ .CHAPTER XL-Continued : assuredly I will.' ? I shall give you the opportu ''' soon.' ? ' AVlieu the' priest had gone Sir Pascal summoned Balthazar, and bade hiib go and V, - sec the baroness, and ask her how soon she \- could be prepared to receive liim. Ho wished » to confer with lier ui-ou a matter, of . great importance. . me awan ucpancu, aim r- long tlrat his master became uneasy and suspicious of evil. He had twice framed the opening speech with which he would ? salute . lier ladyship, and had twice for ' gotten it ; and by the time the hunchback linaiiy returned he had forgotten much more. ' ' Well, rascal What says her august ladyship ? Have you been making love to the fair daughter ?' 1 . ' No, your lordship. -I will leave that delectable oastimc to vou. when — you find ? her.' , ' Ha 1 What docs that mean ?'. cried the . kniglit. seizing the pigmy by the collar of bis doublet and giving him a shake. 'Did you sec the baroness T' ' - 'No, 'sir. Not a door could I open bc . — * yond -the archway at the entrance to the i., ladies' .apartments. After I had knocked, \- ' mid kicked, and called at as many doors as I have fingers, -I found a servant, who told me that she hail been doing the same tiling for more than an hour ; and the black eyed wench had the audacity to spit at nic, —not p-' me, mark you — and toll mo that I andotherslikeme — meaning yourcxcellcncy —had driven the poor woman to seeking ...» .safety in death, to which end she had drank ; ' '. poison.' ' Hark ye, sirrah ! Speak ye now soberly ' *'* and to the jioint, or I'll — I'll cut y-?ur wine . for it week. I mean it. Now, tell mo wh:.1 ' you found.' £ ' I told you as nearly as I -knewhow. 1 ' ' ? . . , went to the clianiher of the lady as you bade . mo ; and I tried the doors, of all the roonie tnat'iioor, in tnas wing , anu not u uuoi coul3 nor a word of rcaponso to my \- calls could I hear ; a/.'/l tlio girl 'said eliod ' been an hour tiying to raise someftcsJy with . out avail.' ^ Twice the startled knight strodo across flic room, and then, seizing his cap, ho went selecting a heavy sledge— a Iwo-hcaduil tool — with which he returned to Llio keep, ' lie ascended to the apartments of the ladies, his dwarf page bearing him company. In . the first passage on the second floor they met the servant whom .Balthazar had ques tioned, and her Sir Pascal told to show him which was tho sleeping-cliuuibcr of the ' Woncss. Tho door was [minted out, and « single, blow of the heavy sledge beat it lipcn. The girl rushed in, and jiresoutly set up a . frantic outcry, Hcr'dcarinislrcsswosdcad ' elie knew. That vns her bed, out of whicli she never slept, and, it hud not been touched ? during the night, ? Other doors were broken o[ien, and other chambers !ook£d'into ; but no trace of mo ther or daughter could bo found, It was ...' Balthazar Who thought of asking the servant ? if slip ever waited uj«ut tlie huroness, and helped her to dress, : , ' VesJ tlmt was a jiapt of her duly. Wit _«»d Orctchpn always waited u|ioit'tho good lady and her dmiglitor, ami nobody cliio, _ ; ^Aaj (Iretclien,. loo, was goito, Bho'was ? i , directed* to sep if the Indies had carriod v f-^fyihiifg nwiiy Willi them j and upon search 'It was found (hat both of them liod token \---eloibbig iwd tfll tbcirjoweliy. in a state ol trenzy the knight hasteneo down, and summoned to his presence all tho officers aud soldiers who had been on guard duty during tho night. There were a full score of tlicin in all. They were questioned sharply, but toothing could bo learned from tliom. None of them had seen either of the missing females. Each and every ono most solemnly swore t*at not a soul had passed liim during liis watch. 'Where is tho wonder?' suggested Lieutenant' Franz, -when the chief had reached the point of declaring that some body had lied.' 'Do you not know that these old castles are riddled, through and through, with all sorts of secret passages ?' Simple as was the revelation, Dunwolf lind not thought of it. But he saw it now, and admitted the probability of. its correct ness. . I Ho had just bowed liis acknowledgment to Franz when the door of the apartment was opened,, and the two ruffians, Zillem and Walbcek, came in, looking like men who had just seen a veritable ghost, each; trying to push tho other on ahead. . j 'How now?', cried the knight, with a' new terror before him. ' Why are you here? Speak! — Zounds I' I'll — ' ? j ' Mercy, Meinlierr 1' And it. came out, ' w;ith much stumbling, that they1 had gone down to carry their prisoner his breakfast ;| hau found the door ot tne dungeon Doitea and barred and locked, just as . they had left it ; but the place was empty. The j straw had not been laid upon, and two of the candles and the candlestick had lieon taken- away. . ? j This was loo much. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb.. He gasped and choked, I but for a considerable time was unable to ? speak. And when, at length, his power of j speech camo to him, he was so deeply moved that he spoke without an oatli; no oatl^ that lie could frame being adequate to the. occasion. I . , ' Franz ! What do you make of this ?' 'It mult be, sir, that some of the men of the castle discovered that tho 'captain liad been locked .up! in that place,' and they contrived, during the iiiglit, . to set him free.' . '. ! ? ' ' But how could ithey have got there if our sentinels were awake ?' ; 'By means of passes; of which we are ignorant. -If you will rcttectyou will call to mind that tho subterraneao-'passcs of tliese old piles always connect with tho , lower emits and dungeons.' i . Again: the knight was forced to admit the plausibility of Ids lieutenant's solution ;. and,' having questioned the jailers somo wliat further, ho resolved to go down and investigate for himself. Ho-liad brought witli liim' tlio sledge with which ho had opened the chamber doors ; -that' ho gavo to Zillern, aud ? directed Walbeck to go . to the armorer's forgo luid -jet another just'liko it, and to bring, also, a common haminerof goodly size. -; i When all was ready, lights were taken anil wie pariy oei- ajiu pump for examination was the dungeon from which ' the prisoner liad been set free. Was there ' any secret pass there? They hammered and pounded everywhere, but only the dull, niassy sound of solid rock was returned. Tlie walls on three sides were absolutely native rock, and, of course, there mmld bo nothing of tho kind in the front wall As for tlio floor, lit was of flags' of such size;' and so firmly laid, that no .'.human power could move them. It never occurred to them that the floor of a square recess cut from the native ledge ought itself— or, at least, tho inner portion of it — to be solid like the walls that arose from itJ They intt w ecwiiy tvuj uiuv tuv ui/u» wt.wtv passage outside, on a level with that of the dungeon, was simply a surfaco of 'natural rock. Also, they might have discovered that the floor of tho very next dungeon was of nature's own make. But they saw nothing of this. It was evident that tho prisoner had been 'sot free by somebody from tho outside ; and as for finding tho secret in that l'nazo of cells and crypts and vaulted passages, the thing was not to bo thought of. They hammered and banged upon a few suspicious-looking places, but in the end returned no wiser than they wont. ' ? On reaching daylight again, Sir Pascal, thought of mustering the force of tho castle — thoso nten who had bcenfunder Cupt. von Linden's command— and demanding of them information upon tho subject of what ho was pleased to term the recent outrage ; but Franz quickly argued him away from it. Said he,' after his chief hail given up the objectionable plan : ' Tho prisoner is gone, of course, boyond tfiO CV.'JJ fines of tho castle, and I doubt if there is a sourA't'ro present who kumvs where lie is. Further, tll»2Btiksjn^urely with him ; and ivu may. judgo, from tlie fact that no horses llavo been taken, that tlicy have not gone fur. -Now, my dear UiUttiur; uuiiuiiuuu luv b»u»L.jr iiujivjuimu, laying the dexter linger of the right baud into the palm of the left, as lie went on, speaking slowly and earnestly, 'our first object is to inako ourselves secure in our position, and know who are our friends. Of the iive-und-forly men-at-arms whom ivu found ill the garrison here when we euiiie, the linger porUun of them uru soldiers who luive beeii drawn from other sources within a few months. '1'Jio old kiifght, whoso funeral hud just lukcu place wlieii wo arrived, had enlisted tjjom by order of tlio grand duke, after uitplligouoo liad been received of tho anticipated insurrection. More Uiuikhull el those men, to my certain knowledge, are already heart alidteoul with us'; and I have no doubt that we might, by proper management, gain vory nearly the whole of them. ' Lot lUEIirst do that, sir,; and then let us find Thorkratid. if wg do notUiid him readily, we must . Illid some of his men find xuifcr with tliom. Tiiatrtiiey are in this iteighbotiiood there can he tie doubt, Meantime we will throw our gnjirds upoii dl the avenues of tlio surrounding feres t, i o.tunko ffu'ro that tlw 'lvjiltlm da not 1 escape us. . This is the plan 1 ' would suggest.' And tho chief had resolved to adopt.it before Franz had dono speaking. Accorduigly, after ono more thorough search over tho castlo for the missing ones, Sir Pascal caused the origitiaf force of the castlo to be mustered on. the parade ground, and when .they were together, he stated to them plainly liis object. He wanted to know how_ many of them he eould depend upon to follow liim without question ; how many would take the oath of fealty to him self. He used no honeyed words, but ho Aid this : He.made them understand that those who should refuse him allegiance might look for hard times ; while on tho other hand,. for thoso who should prove true to him, thcrewould be thebest of treat ment, and there might be considerable booty. The result had not been looked for. Only ten men of' the five-and-forty privates and nine non-commissioned officers — ten 'of the' whole number— stood firm and true to the old duty; and they, when they saw and understood the situation, 'bclioviiig that their young captain and the ladies of the castlo had got safely away, asked that they might be discharged from the service. They liad taken tho oath of fealty to the ba roness, and only she herself could absolve them. - ' For a wonder, Dunwolf permitted them to go. He felt thatthoy could do him more harm if they remained than they could in being'outside.. And thus was ho completely master of the castle. Saving tne lew nouse hold servants, for whom he did not care, all within the walls were his sworn supporters. Before tlie snn of that day had set he had sent Bwift couriers out upon all the roads — upon every path where a woman could make her way — and made sure that no persons liad gone forth since the previous evening. Also, lie had posted sentinels at the various passes, to prevent the out going of anyone without question. During jho evening of that day, for Hie first time, he was told of the cot of the old Could it be possible that tlie fugitives had found shelter arid hiding thore ? Ho would jvery soon know. ? ? I; On the next morning, bright and early, accompanied- by a guide from' the men of the castle, Sir Pascal and liis lieutenant, with the dwart page, who had begged hard that ho anight ho permitted to go, set forth for tho hunter's cot. They reached it with out adventure worthy of note, and found tho hunter himself standing in liia open doorway. Evidently ho had been on tlio watch for them, having been very sure that Pascal Dunwolf stood fairly abashed be fore tlio man he liad come to see. He had been prepared to find a rough, ignorant mountaineer, who would instinctively quail and coffer before liim; but, instead of that, lie^azed upon a man noble and grand in foriu and feature — a mail who looked upon him aS a monarch might look upon his meanest subject. \ Never liiiiul tlio details of the interview. The visitor, as soon as he could 'present his business, stated why he had come.. He was very anxious concerning tlio ladies, who were so far nihler his care that lie felt responsible for their safety. Had the hunter seen anything of theni I Could he give any information at all ? ' Sir,' said Obenvald with a stately huff, ' I might answer you-Tliat I had not seen them— that I knew nothing of them ;? but that would picsuppose my readiness to bo tray.tlieiu'if they were bore, or to tell a falsehood. Tlio lady ; Bertha and hor daughter are my dear friends, and if I knew where tlicy had found refuge I certainly should refuse, to tell you. O '1 do not look so gliim 1 I only do what jrou would do. if you he a man of. honor. But, sir, my humble abode is before you : no doors are locked. You can look through it if you will ; also, you may search the forest round about. 1 certainly liopo you may not find them, because I know they would not havo left you without good aud sufficient reason.' The sparred and belted knight wan for a littlo time fairly beside himsolf with con tending emotions. Onco ho 'seouicd more than half inclined to draw his sword, and again a torrent of curees was upon his lips ready to burst forth ; but lus bettor juug* ment finally prevailed, and in moderate tones ho told tho hunter that he should like to view tho . internal arrangements of his dwelling. \ Without a word Oliorwald admitted liim and his lieutenant. . Tlio ubtrusivo hunch back started to go in, hut his master put him hack. I'pouuutoringtholiviiig-rooiiitholiuiitor's daughter was discovered sitting by - the groat lirc-placu, mid Fran/, who had on oye ,fiir a pretty fuec,. started to luldross hor. At that iuoirtiJA^Jup roso tlio great Ht. Ber nanl, withal growl iiltu'lfc'bril tkonder, and die gallant draw back, leaving tWfJJUUifl to tcrsulf. Every part of tho cot was visited ; ovety hole and corner was peered into ; but no thing was found that looked liko a fugitive baroness, mid in the ond tho party of ob servation left the cot no wiser tlum they were on lli'olr arrival. Soro at heart, and in doopor troublo than ha would ocktiowlodgo, Sjr Pascal Dunwolf ratimiud to the castlo. Thus far ho hod been bullied at ovory stop ; still ho did not give up. X'.resli ricloiu wore aunt out to scour tho forest, and ovory moans ho could think of taken to find the miasm? otios. ' And now for tlio robbor chief, 'While tlio soarch was going uiifor tlio fugitives ho iiuist find 'J'horbrapd, and with him come Lii an understanding. Wiiy thu man liad not called upon him ho could not concolvo, Ho hod premised that ho would bo vory liuiiutual, UiyuHau l|io third day after thodisup ;ioiiranco of Uaptaiu vnn%iiidoii and tho ajlios, while iicouU were ooourlng in every liroction for tlio rubber ohluftain, or for nty Ht his hand, tlwt uipj of the famed wiulit ^followers was brauirlit before Mm. He gavo his n«'~- as Rildegund, and said he w»» r-«i of Thorbrand's chief lieutenants ae had been on his way to the castle whn tihe' outriders liad- met him, aud lie iva anxious to find liizmastor as was any one. More than a hundred men nf our band,' lie said, 'are now encamped in tho Ani berg Valley waiting for an order from their chief. Thorbraud left us little more than a week ago, ill company with his chie' officor, young Wolfgang— young he is, s.i but a thunderbolt in battle — they left u for the oxpress purpose of coming to this very castle to report to yourself. All is ready with us, and the barons of Wurtem-j burg arc ready to more as --oon .as tbeyj kiiow that Deckendorf Castlo is open to thoui in case of need. ,We have waited till' now for our chief's return, and when the' full weok had gone I started out jn quest of him. The last words lie spoke before lear-' ing us were Bpoken to me. ' ' Hildcgund,' lie said, ' I go to confer with tho knight who has 'been sent to com mand Deckendorf Castle. When I have arranged satisfactorily, with Iiiin I will let j von know ' 'He promised 'tlwt if lie did not come himself liowould send Wolfgang. That, as 1 have said, was mure than a-week ago, and from that time we have heard not a word, nor have we received' a sign. - What can it mean ?'?' ' . ' Dunwolf. was' confounded. Waa it pos sible tlwt Thorbrand had made his ap pearance at the castle before his arrival — while von Linden was in command— and had the fiery youth put him out of the way ? ? ' - ? . He summoned two of the assistant warders, who had taken the oath of fealty to him, and questioned them closely. Tliey declared, unhesitatingly, that it would hare been impossible for any man to have visited tho castlo during the week previous to Sir Arthur's death without either ono or the other of them being witness. . ' After this tliure was a silence, broken at lengtKiy the robber. -'.'?Have you .made- search at the cot o Martin Oberwald ?' ? ? . ' ? ' What ? — the hunter on . the -opposite mountains ?' ' The same. ' 1 Not for Thorbrand ; hut I havo* been there, and have looked into every hole and eonier after.others.' - . Hildegund slirugged his shbuldere signi licantly. ' That man,' he said, . ' Li deeper than you think. . If any one can give lis'infor matioii, it is he: But wd must be' wary. Lot us tliink the matter over, and fix upon a plan of action. Ho h'as holes and enrher* at command that yon did not dream of, I'll be bound.' » Hildegund tow .of. middle age ; tall and siuowy, and strong of limb. Ho was a handsome man, too, with' a face remarkably keen and intelligent. That he was an ex perienced forester and' mountaineer , was evident from the outset, aud to him Sir Pascal tondcred the office of guido in tho present emergency. The brigand readily accepted tho position and straightway proceeded, to action, liis movomeuts indicating very plainly that lie knew . what he was about. Before that day's . sun. had set; lie. liad organized a force of little less than two-score men — all more or less -versed in the ? mysteries of mountain life— and the dwelling bf.Marliu Oberwald was completely environed, so that no person could enter in or grt away without being discovered. , CHAPTER XII. nt the jiuxteb's oori ' Forty years, or thereabout, previous to tho time of which wo write, -Sir 'Arthur von Morin, then a gallant huntor when not in the field, lind accidentally discovered' a wonderful cavern tin tho Bide of tlio Sehwarzw'olf Mountain ; or it was rather a sories of caverns, with a common cntranco. Beneath an overhanging siielf of rock, completely hidden by tangled wildwood, was a broad alcove, within which were throo different oponings into lis many lnrge '?lid convenient caves. Thoy wore very high, with arched roofs, and with fissures in the wiills and tops, through which nir could pass, and light cntor, hut proof against tho incoming of rain. This secret tho knight had kept to himself, only imparting it, aftor a timo, to Baron' Dcckcndoif, until Martin Oberwald chanced to come that ivay in soarch of a refuge from the world. Ho. had known and Iovod Martin's father, and Martin liimBelf had served under him in inoro thou oiio campaign. .To Martin Oberwald, Sir Arthur . im parted tho socret uf tho cavern, and tlie baron gavo him n do'od of that sido of the' Mountain. His infant 'daughter hod- n homo at tho castlo until ho coul^ prepare for ViVJ. I) fitting dwelling of his own, Tho fancy seized'':1.'-!1!1 to orect ivsubstautiXl stone cottngo so situated tiiat'itsS'2,,?J'..lvaU should cover tho entrance to tlio cuvuu l aiiu'/.'1 this covering wall, with his own hands, as sisted only by a rompotunt builder whom ho could trust, ho fixed a seoret door, so ar ranged Unit a child might work it, but which no strungor eould dl.-,, ...... And liuru the reoluso hud lived, and reared his beautiful ehild. To more thou ono pour, hunted fugitive, (lying 'fro,,, up. prossion and injustice, had ho given safe asylum, and mum to whom ho luul thus given his secret had betrayed It. In one of Hiosu caves Uio woundofl man nnom iiiuoiro aim treno lind Bueooured luul been placed, ami there tho hunter cared for him, In ftU tho huiU not n hotter phy* sioinn thatr was Oberwald eould luivo boon found, ami under his skilful treatment mul teudor miming llw patient wus gainiuu strength fast. But very little fever had re sulted from his hurts, and that was entirely gone. . All ha had now to du was, to make good Mood and plenty of it. That would heal 1, s auiinds, and give him hack tlio t strength ho had lost, ? | ut tne otner two' caves, one.ot them — ? that on tlie extremo left— was double. Opening from it, 'was a narrow, beautifully arched passage, leading to another chqpiber of good size, but so far into into tlie moun tain that iio light of day could reach 'it. | Yet the air circulated freely tlirough it, and it was very comfortable. This double cave was given to the baroness and her daughter and good Gretclun, while Ernest von Linden took the other. Since there was no .litgflihood of tlio ba roness coming in contact with the' occupant jof the firat-uientionod cave', the hunter did' not think it best to inform her of-tho pre-1 sence of the dreaded robber chieftain sol near to her; but she wap not long in' dis covering it. That some one was there whom Oberwald was tenderly nursing, Bhe' knew on her first visit to the sitting- room' of tlie .cottage ; aud finally hor daughter' told her who it was. At first she was in clined to be alarmed, believing, as she did, tha$ Thorbrand was a friend and co-worker with her worst enemy. , -. 0 1 mamma,' said her daughter,.' if you could see tho man as I saw him, you would pot fear lain.' And then,fortlio first time, came out the story, new and wonderful- to Lady Bertha and ^ Ernest, of the heroic WOrk of 'ElfiCfcfn. in RflVinrr Pnlilinr'o 1!fa ? for tlmt she had tione bo was a fact not tb be disputed. 'And now,' said ' the hunter, when Electra's story had been sufficiently, dis cussed, U1 will make a disclosure which Has been given . to mo as a trust ; * but I think that I have a right to impart it to you. This m an — T horbraiid — is so far from being a friend of Dunwolf, %that he will expose. and punish him as soon as he is strong enough. I tell you my lady, ntfd von Ernest, in tliat man rests the sole power to give you ample justico. He loved, the late baron as he never loved another liviug being. It would be a long story to tell, and I feel that I Iiave not tlie right to tell it. I;have nursed him, and helped, him on the road to health and strength, as much for your sokes as for his own. So, dear lady, put away your fears, and pray, if your conscience will let you, for the speedy recovery of the robber chief.' Both the baroness and von Liiiden were greatly surprised by this information. They had many questions to ask, some of which their host promptly answered, while to others he only shook his head and closed his lips. Bfrt the lady put away her fears frdm that moment, and soon camo to think of fcjie terrible Thorbrand kindly, and with good wishes. Oberwald was not long ill discovering that his cot. was under surveillance, and before night of the Becond day of the ap pearance of tho spies lie had counted a full score of tln5ni, and he knew there were more. ' 4 ? He had oue secret moro which, up to the present time, had been giveu to only two men beside himself. That was a covered way — a deep, narrow gorge in the moun tain, caused by some great convulsion that naa uplicnvedautl rent asunder— completely hidden atl both cuds. 'At- tho upper ex tremity a porch of the cot covered it ; and half a mile away, toward the village, at the extreriio foot of the inountaiii,it was hidden by a combination, of broken rocks and tnn-rh»fl vintvnnrl Umni1i;,-nnr1 .The second man to whom bo' liad giver, the secret had baon nouo othor than 'Wolf gang. When that man Iiail called to seo his wounded conirado, and bad expressed a desire to feel freo to come when lie would, Obenvald bad been so wonderfully im pressed iii liis favor that ho had nut only suffered liim to depart by the secret pass but bad bidden him conio wbon lie would by the same way. ' So the good huntor-borrowed no .present trouble on account of this cspio&nge.-; Had it been necessary for Wolfgang to coino up the mountain openly; bo would Have felt it his dufy to hasten down to th^yillago and instruct the inn-keeper there to warn liim whon he came ; but, as it was, if ho should uiuiicu hi viait uio wounded cinet again, Jm could do so safely. ? - ? Four days had passed sinco tiro ;spies bad made their appearance in tlio forest ; the baroness had been a full week a guest of the hunter ; aiul, thus far, all liad gone well with tlio iiidwcllcrs of the cot and its moun tain chambers. Towards tlio niiddlo of tlio forenoon, Ireno Oborwald sat in tlio kitchen, 'having just finished a. grand baking of pies and meats, and whilo her only tfhrvant had gone out to look to tlio poultry anil hunt for eggs, she had lnvcd her fuco anil hands in fresh water, and sat down to rest. Hor fathor had taken his gun and gono forth to hunt for gamo— partly that, and partly to observe tlio disposition of tlio spies, who Btill occupied, thoir old places in' tlio sur rounding forest. Ho liad not boon far away from liis dwelling siheo tlicy mado their app'enriuico, aiid lie would not probably go far now. '? ? ? Very seldom did tho 'people from tho 1 cnstlo lenvo thoir cavern durum the dav. 1 Tito hunter lmd striven to impress it upon tntlll'' A'.'ilt- ^cu u 1 d bo Biifo only whilo I out of sight. Thoro ifi£Wt8.tl;Uinfi nt what c moment thu oyos of una of tfphj'ouiiorous v »[iies might [leer into thu cut. As fori \iSr~ self, thoy dared not molest him without |' cause. Sir Pascal knew that ho enjoyed a l„ plodgo uf jiorsonnl security /ruin both tlie j, grand duke and the omperoV. Why those p. magnates luul thus honored liim ho iliil nut at know ; ho only know it was so. ' di 8°, Irene sat, in her high-baoked oliair, hi lier syes half closed, thinking of something gi flint had u/ten ooeiqiieil hor thoughts of lit late, one band resting upon hor hip, while kt .lie othor stole uneoiisuiuusly up until It pressed her bosom, when slm was nroused mi from lier reverie by the sound of a footfall 'V behind lier, . coiiiiug from thu direction ol et tho rear of thu cut. fcfliu quiekly turiiod, su mil startud to her feet. Her breatli, came u'' tveut, her face grow suddenly [ado, ami w lien tlio vioh uoluur lnnuntcd to olie'ok hiid bv omplo, whilo aha caught tlio hack of her tii jhair for sunnort. , ? ' -m' j He of - whom -she had been thinking looking handsomer, she thought, than ever I his clear, honest eyes smiling upon her with a gaze- earnest and sincere, stood be ' fore her. ' Wolfgang 1' she whispered, before she thought. , ' Dear lady— Irene ! — lotino believe thai I am welcome.' 'But, sir, liow did youcomo ? Isawyot not.'' ^ 'No. I ani a favored one. Your father, when I was hero onco before, — it has seemed an ago to me — initiated ino into the [mystery of the secret pass.' * Why did her- heart bound so happily at that ? Why did it give her such quick, I thrilling joy* to know that her iFather had so I trusted this 'man ? Ah, poor heart 1 poor [heart' It had become- captive, and she knew it. She realized . now, 'if never be-, fore, that sho loved this man. And yet she scarcely knejr him. How strango it was. How had it come to pass ? ' Bijt- she had no timo now for further speculation or philosophising. Tlio new comer took her hand as a brother might have done, and asked for lier father — on rather, where ho was. , He- did not appear to be in a hurry to see him. ? She told him that ho had gone out to shoot some game and— She had got so far when she stopped. - ?' 'Ah, I see, ''he said. ''Let us converse for a few moments, f* want information which you can give mo.'. He pointed her to a choir,' and then sat near her. ? , 'Now, dear lady, I want to know what is going on here... , As I told jbu on'co be fore, I will help your friends if I can ; and that the ability will bo niine.I Iiave not the least particle 'of doubt. Trust me. -You will trust a true heart, be sure.' Her tongue was loosened as though, by thtf touch of . a magician's wand.- She could not liavc felt -more confidence in her beloved fntlier than she felt at that mo ment in tlie man before, her. She asked ljim of what she should telPhim.' ' Of everything,' he answored. ' I wanl to know what Dunwolf is doing at thi castle.' Then she went on and told him the story. Sheftold first of Dunwolf 'sairival at thccastlc immediately after tho funeral of old. Sir Arthur; then of the advonture of Ernest von Linden on tlie road ; then of his being entrapped and cast into the dungeon ; then of tho escap# and flight to tho cot ; and, .finally, of 'tho precautions they had been 1 obliged to takp on accoiuit of the spies that Sir Pascal liad posted in the forest. She said lier father had counted more ' than twenty, of thorn. It would be impossible to describo tlie various emotions which liad been manifcsl in her listener during her'recital. ' 'Ah-!' he ejaculated, 'and this villain thinks, we will give liim our help I Twill help him But it shall bo to — what he little dreaius of. And the ladies of tho castlo are still here ?' ' Yes, yes!' ' . ' Well, wdll, — let them remain for a time longer, but it shall not be for loug. We must wait until our very dear friend in yon der chamber, of' the mountain is able to be up aud doing. He is the man' upon whom tlie filial solution depends. Wo will not call his liiiine, but, my dear' girl, do not you thiuk'badly of liim. Be sure he 'is not so black as lie is painted.' - IVith tills the young mail rose quickly from his chair, anil took two or three turns . to and fro across tho room. Onco lie stopped near Irene, aud gazed into lier face. ? Then he - walked ' to and fro once more, anil finally, with slow and thought ful step, he returned to his seat, which ho 1 moved nearer. -to the maiden. before he sat down. . ' Irene,' lie said, speaking with solemn earnestness, 'I wish you to answer ine ? a question — to answer it from your heart. I would have you look to your own good ; but, if you can, give a littlo thought to me and liiv weal. If 'you thought— if you ' be lieved — tliat you coulil make of ine ii good and Jiappy man— a liiau ivho should ho ot somo uso to liis fellows and of valuo to liis i countiy — would you give yourself to the work ? Would you bo willing to place your hand in mine, and go with me to the 1 end V ' ? ' : ' y 1 His oyos of celestial blue wore brimming 1 and beaming with a light that was infi- 1 nitcly tender and true; The quivering ! maiden fclt-her own eyes fill ; her bosom . heaved tumultuously ; aud sho could no more liavo spoken at the moment than she , could have flown. , ? J ' ' ???''' ' ' Wolfgang took ljpr unresisting hand; and c repeated tho question. Hp spoko vory j. loftly, anil with an .earnestness that was of f tlio heart. A little timo ho waited,' and then t laid: ' .. t 'Ireno, — yon do not refusonio? You do 1 not say mo nay ? Then, dear girl, will you p :-V and by, when you liavo. consulted youi iwn heart, and retlectcil more deoply, give no an answer ? ii ' Yes, yes,' sho cried, and she would * mvo buried lior fnco in her hands, but he jontly holit tliom fast, whilo ho presently t vhis|iered : 'I wish you would toll mo that i may S -^./rene, 1 liavo not told you 'how cautifulvuu' 1i^'or lmvo 1 I4 eojily and anlcntik 1 I,avo 1Arilwl '» tlli» ' riuf timu to love yoWit ^ wm,U 'et liavo iked you tlyit qnestiii1' '[Y l°yo— tho oupest, purest love inyYlL' c!-n '01v ' ad not boon all your o\V'' .'^ ivo mo a sign, that. I may IftS' 'loI-0 ippiur, bottor lifts than 1 over yet ® uiwii.' \ Shu looked up, and mot liis nuMi1' A1110' ' nl its woitdrous wistfiiliivBscuiiquoifey'' ^ ' toot, loving suiilo broke tlirough thos^1' J ring moisture of hor oloqueut oyos aas5i|p » iftly whisporeil : ' If it can inn ku yuu liapjiior— if it can Tg oke you— 0 !'I dare not say, lietlur— it it it can givo you hulp fur tho coining oU ino, 1 would not. rofuso you the hupp you ' k.' t ? ? ? ? ? ? ^ : ? ? : * j ' Ten thousand blessings for that word !' ; ? ,j and lie -liftod her hand to his lips, aiidsim printed upon it a kiss. - ' . Ho had just jrisen from his seat and was . upon the point; of. speaking further,- when , the hunter entered. Ho started on behold ing the visitor, 'and a ury of surprise broke ? rem his lips. - T ' Irene arose, trembling with an apprehen i sion she cquld not define! ' iHowwould her . * father: receive the - man who had gained ; f from hor inoro than an - implied pledge of - , lpyc— liiiil gained love itsulf ? If she had fears, thoy were quiekly set lit rest-. She :.as watching eagerly, anxiously, and this. was what she saw : . - - - . . With an exclamation of gladness, follow- - - ing close upon that of surprise, lier father gvasped-the^'isitor by tho lnmd; holding it . with a fcri cnt grip ; and Bhe saw 'in his faco tlie wvarmih ' anil , fervor of gonuihe - % « affection. . j - .. ^ ' Good olil Martiii'^' said Wolfgang, after ? having qiiictcd tliu.huntcr's fears by inform- ' ing liim that he liad come by way of the secret pass, '.your daughter, God bless lier ' ? for all angel of love and mercy, lias told mo of all that lias transpired at the ixistle, and of tho exodus of its mistrcsR sn l her fair ' daughter.' '? As the young man thus bestbwod his : heart's blessing upon hip fair informant, the hunter gazed first upon ihespeaker and then ' upon hisdaugliter ;and one who watched nar rowly would. Iiave scon an expression of infi nite joy and satisfaction upon his honest . faco. Irene, saw it, and from that momeni; the dio was east: : The two men eonvei-sed a little further, ' after , which tho hunter cautioned'1 his flaugliter to keep tho visit of Wolfgang to herself, then took his. visitor by the arm and led him towards the asylum of the wounded chieftain. j ' '* (To be Continued) , . v'- .. ? . : , ? '? ' . 000—000 Afc a final ex^minaticm tlie. professor gaVo a ATcr-' difficult question to one .of thocam f .r didatesp The nervous pupil remained silent* ; '. Come away, my boy,' said tho examineri patbmally don't be troubled.. Does the question embarrass you?' 'It isn't the question that bothers mo,' replied the pupil* ' it is the auswer !' . oou—ooo Wo have a span of horses,' said an economist the other day, '-on our farm,, that support themselves without any cost.**. ' Why, how, is that ?' cxela:uiud a listener. _ ' Why; you see,' renjarkejl the questioned, ' ifouo is a saw liotse, tho other a clothes horso.' ♦ i * . . 1 ooo— ooo \- Stcvne, who used, his wife very ill, was * ^ talking tu Garriok, in exuberance of scnti- . L mentality, in praise of conjugal love and I fidelity. Tho husband,' said he, ' who j behaves unkindly to his wife, deserves to havo his house burued over his head.' 'If you think so,' said Garrick, 'I hopo your house is insured.' ? ooo— ooo - *'] ' Yes,' lio s.aid I .attended a bull-fight. I in Mexico once, and I thoroughly ^Rijoyed . I it.' 'I cannot understand how one can I enjoy a brutal affair of tliat kind,' was the . I reply. ' Nothing brutal alwufc tho light I I refer to.' ' Doh't^you consider it brutal I for a lot of Mexicans to wantonly kill a -I bull ?' ' Yes, but in this case a bull killed 4 I a lot of Mexicans.' I ' When a young ntan w,iltzes,'l writes a .1 master of tlie ceremonies to a paper, 'he iU | will do wisely to keep his fingers still. No- ? . 1 * I thing aggravates a-young lady more .than to I imagiue you are trying to, count tho whale- * ? I bones iu her dress.' ? 1 I 000—000 I : A paper heads an articlo ' How Hatters .. I are poisoned.' -But who wants to poison j' I s hatter? It^is tho shoemaker who pro . I misea to have your boots done on Saturday I night, And disappoints you three times, that I you want to kill 000 — 000 'Why. should a red cow give white v milk?' was tho subject for discussion in a literary aocioty. ; After an liour's earnest . - J lebato, tlio secretary was instructed .to ,.1 aiilk tho cow an.d to bring in a decision ac- - 1 sording to the merits of the milk. It was I iluo. 4 ? * . I .i 000—000 e A man wont into tho bush last Sunday ;? t or a walk. Ho carried his overcoat on - lis arm, but findiug it burdonsomo hung it ^d£ »n a foucc. Taking a card from his pocket to wrote: 'Do not touch this coat; in- ?%. ectbd with smaU-pox.'. Ho camo back ? '- ? wo hours later and found tho card, upon M rhich was written underneath his wamiug: I Thanks for tho cojp^I'v diiod tho small- ; I ►ox.' I ?' - - 1 0001—000 -I 'Arc you going tJ Queenscliff thU sum- - 1 iter?' asked a hfelbourno man tb a friond, ' I rho is an invalid. 1 ' Oh, yes, and I am going to batho tlireo Jl imcs a day,' was tho reply. _ j 'Do you think it will do you any J ood?' ? I 'lea; tho doctor says I uiust.tako n * addy aftor each bath to restore tho cireu- || itlun. That's why it does uio good.' ' * ;P '\\\ oll, I'm going, loo, this summer. * £*-. . lint's just tlio kind of invalid I am.' * : ? 000 — poo . ' ' ? A worthy old fanner, who thoroughly . '. - J otest^d taxes and tax-gatherers, was once J allctl on by a collector a bccoud -time for ? axes ho had jmid, but for witich ho had jfl lialaid tho' receipt ; and, as ho told the lory to n friend, exclaimed: .'Would ou believe it, air, the fellow began t«i bust) ruo 1' V1 Well/ 1 said his frieud'. 'what did you dot' «» Do? Why, I re'- M mnstrated with him !' ' And to what Jcct /' 'Well, 1 /don't know to-.. what j but tho poker was bent I' ? -M / 600 . ;; .- ,:i 