Me House on tbe Marsh Ohapxeb X^i.—Qontinucd. I raised the rclvet obediently, and ibe gentleman called Tom came softly behind me and took tho ends from my trembling fingers, nnd fastened them himself round my throat again. He ?first protended that he had not got them straight, though, and held, the velvet n little way from mo to try to look nt She back of the pendant. Bnt I was prepared for that; and I put my ' hand round it, as if fearing it might fall, and would not let him see the initials. And this first experience of the . sensation caused by my one ornament, I watched rather curiously Ua effeofc npon the rest of the party, aa somo of them strolled into the conservatory, and when I met the others in the drawing- room and in the general gathering at dinner. Every one looked st mc, the one stranger, a good deal, of course; but I noticed tbet, while my pendant attracted the attention of the ladies, the gentle men looked more at myself, end were not scandalised by my unlucky ornament. Sir Jonas, who waa a kind gray-haired gentleman, and looksd nearly old enough to be Lady Mills' father, took mc in to dinner, and, -although he did not talk much, he en ? oouraged mc to ohattor to him, and to tell him all about the sohool-treat, end tried to make mc drink a great deal more wine than I wanted. After dinner, when I was in tho drawing-room with the ladies, soma of them drew mc on to the sofa and pulled mc about and pettod mc just aa If I had boaa a child, and asked mc a number of questions abont my life at the Aiders and 'that handsome Mr .Bayner.' 'And is it true that he is snoh a dreadfully wicked man, Miss Christie?' eaid one. ? Yes, it is; she ie blushing,' eaid another. But I was not blushing at all; there ~ waa nothing to blush eboat. I said, laughing— ' No, he is not wicked. The Tillage people think he is, heoause he ?plays the violin and goes to races. He is very kind.' ' Oh, we don't doubt that, my dear!' aaid Mrs Olowob, in a demnre tone. ' Ton think I like him only just because he io kind to me,' said 1, boldly. ' Bnt I shouldn't like him if he were wicked, however kind he might be.' ' And Mrs Bayner—is she kind and good too?' ' Oh, yes, she is jnst as kind 1' said Is This was not; quite true; but I knew already enough of these people to be sure they would laugh if I eaid i * No;' and it was not poor Mrs Eayner'e fanlt that she was not as nice as her husband. Presently Mrs Cunningham took mc to the other end of the room to look at a portrait of Lady Mills. 'It is no business of mine who gave yon that pendant, my dear; but have you any more ornaments of the kind, and, if so, where do yon keep them ? ' ?he said, gravely. ' Oh, I have no more 1' I answered, a little surprised at her manner. ' And I keep this in an old cose in the comer of my desk.' 'Ah, I thought so, from tho caroleas way in whioh you wero going to slip it into your pocket when we caught you in the conservatory. Why, my dear child, I have a set thst I value very much—no finer than yours, though — diamonds and oat's eyes—and I sleep with them nnder my pillow, and even my maid doesn't know where thoy axe.' I showed my astonishment. ' Believe mc, when you travel about on a series of visits, as I am doing now, and are obliged to entrust your dressing case to a careless maid, it is no unneces sary precaution. 1 But I shouldn't take so mnch , trouble with my paste pendant,' said I. Shs shook ber head at mc, with a laugh, and said drily— 4 1 should with such paste as yours.' And then the gontlemen came in. One of them had brought from town that day a parcel of new waltzes, but the ladies all declined to play them until they had tried them ovor privately; and the gentleman seemed so muoh disap pointed that, having turned over tha pages and seen that they were perfectly ' way, I timidly offered my services. They were really pretty, and alter the > difficult music I bad had to road with Mr Bayner, they were like child's play to mc. When I had got to the end of the first, I reoeived an ovation. Tbe owner of the musio was in ecstasies, and those who had begun to danoe stopped and joined the rest in a chorus, of admiration that made mc quite ashamed of myself. 'Didn't yon know that I am a governess?' raid I to one gentleman, ' laughing and blushing. *Yes ; bnt we thought you were only for show,' said Mrs Clowes. And T pleyed the rost of the waltzes, and thonght how much nicer it was to play for these people than for those I had met at Mrs Manners' tea-party. Then the gentleman they called Tom, whose name I had now fonnd out to be Mr Oarrnthers, led mc away from the piano, saying I was not to be mado a victim all the evening for other people's amusements ; and, telling a gentleman who was talking to mo tbat he and I were going to have a sorious conversa tion and wero not to bo disturbed, he took mc. to a deep window where there were seats, end gave mc ono, while he threw himself into another boaido mc. ? How beautifully you play I' said he, \-- leaning over my chair and looking at mc. ' I never knew such a pretty girl as yon take tho trouble to learn any thing properly before.' I had been so much spoilt that day by flattery-'that I only answered calmly— ? 1 Why shouldn't pretty people learn things es well oe agly people, Mr Oorrntbbrs? , 'Don't call mo 'Mr Carruthcra'j no body calls mc 'Mr Carrutbern*—at least nobody nioe. If yoa don't yot feel equal to saying 'Tom,' let tho matter' remain in aboyanoe for tho present. Now, to continue from tho point whore I lost my temper, agly people bava to be accomplished and good and all aorte of things, to get a little of tho attention that a pretty person can get without any trouble at alL , ' 'Ah, bat it io different if yon have to earn yonr own living! If yoa are a governess, for instanoe, people don't oare about whet yon look like, bat about what yon know.' He stroked his moustache medita tively, looked at mc, and said— 'Of coarse ; I forgot that. I sup pose you have to know a lot to teach. I am sore yon know more than any woman in this room.' ' Oh, no, indeed I don't 1 They are all a great, great deal cleverer than I am, I couldn't talk as they do.' ' Heaven forbid!' mattered he, as if to himself. ' They know how to chaff— that's all. Did yon ever meet eny of them before? , ' Never before to-day.' 'I wonder if yoa know any of the people I know? Do yoa know the Temples, of Grawley Hall ? ' ?No.' ! 'Hare you ever been farther Treat than this—Staffordshire—Derbyshire ?' ? No, never/ He was looking on the ground ; he raised and fixed his eyes suddenlyjon my faoo as he enid—- ' Do yon know the Dalstons ? ' ' N-0, , oaid I, rather hesitatingly. ' Not Lord Dalston, with hie different crazes? Yon apeak as if you were not euro.' ? I am Bore I don't know him, , said I. ' Bat I was trying to remember what I hare heard about him, for I seem to know the same quite well. . In the most gravely persistent manner Mr Csrrathers went on probing my memory aboat Lord Dalston; bnt I oonld not even remember where I had heard the name mentioned before. Hβ had to giro it np at last; I beliere, however, that he thought it was obstinaoy that prevented my telling him. When, at last, long post the hoar when the household at the Alders re tired to rest, we dispersed to onr rooms, I made a mistake in my corridor, and fonnd myself in one whioh led to the aervant's wing ; and I heard a man's voice that I knew coy per suasively— 'Don't be in such a hurry! She won't be np for half on hour yet, nor my man either. I never get a word with you now.' , Suddenly it fiaehed upon mc whose the voice was. It was the voice I had heard talking to Sarah in the planta tion, the voice of Mr Raynet'e mysterious friend. And the person he woe talking to, and with whom ho pro ceeded to exchange a kiss, was Lady Mille'o maid 1 It was a etrange thing, bnt one about whioh I conld no longer have a donbt. The respeotfal man servant I had met before dinner in the corridor and the visitor who was shown into the etudy of the Alders as a gentle man, and who was yet on familiar torms with Tom Parkes and Sarah, were one and the eamo person 1 I was very sleepy and very much pre occupied with this curious discovery when I got to my room ; bnt, before I wont to bed, I pnt, as I thongbt, my beautiful bnt unfortunate pendant safely inside my desk, resolved not to wear it ogam. Chapter XVII, I got np next morning directly I was called, and was down-Btairs long before anybody else—bnt I was glad of that, for I wanted to explore the garden. It was a beautiful, warm, bright morning, and I rejoiced, for it would bring the people to, Geldham Church for the barve?t-thonk?giving. I went over the lawn, and down the alleys, and ronnd and ronnd tho flower-beds, and peeped into the green-houses, and tried to see through the steaming glaaa of the hot-houses, which were locked, when, enddenly, turning round one of them, I came face to face with Tom Parkeo in his Sunday clothee, with a key id ono hand and a basket of ogga in the othor. Ho was evidently discon certed, and tried by turning to the door of the hot- houso to avoid mc. Bat I accosted him at once. ' Tom—Tom Parke?, don't yon know me—Mi?B Christie ?' I said. ' Lor, , yee, raise, to be sure, co it is 1 Who'd'a' thought o , seeing you here? ' said he, touching his hat with rather awkward surprise. ? Why, yon must have known mc, Tom 1 You looked as if you had soon a ghost I' ' Well,' the troth ie, miBS, aeking your pardon, , said Tom sheepishly, ' thot I didn't want you to see mc. You see, I'to boon took on hero as extry under-gardener and help, and the head* gardener ho don't like Londoners, and I don't want him to know as I'm a London chap. So, if yon would bo so good, rnies, BB not to mention as you've soon mo before, I should tako it kind.' ' Very well, Tom, I won'tjbotrey yon,' I replied, laughing. And ho said,' Thank yon, miss, , end tonchod his hat again, and wont off with his eggs. I was very much ninnood by this encounter, and the important oeoret I had to keep. Aβ if my mentioning thiit I had seen Tom at the Aldors would necessarily ent&il; tbe awfnl discovery that ho was a Londoner By this time I thought I had better go in oHd see if any of tho olber ' people had como down to breakfast; and I was sauntering along, when, as I got noar tha house, I beard two men's voices. ' Bella is getting jealons, Tom." ? A grant in the other voice. ' 1 soy, ain't it rongb on the little one! . Then.l hoard Lady Mill's voice, and when. I got to the door there wero eight or ten pooplo already . assembled. Bat the two nearest the door, whom I bod overheard, wore- a gentleman named Oola and Mr Oarratbere. It was Mr Oarratbere nho had grnated. Who vrda ? Bella' ? And who was' the little one * 1 And what did ' roagh on' mean?, . The bells of Denham Ohnroh, which was plose by, had .began to ring before breakfast was over, and Lady Mills wanted to know who was going. ? I am going, for ono,' said Mr Clowes, and she looked across at Mr Garrnthers, who was helping himself to a great deal of marmalade. . 'Do try to make up a respectable number/ ?? said Lady Mills. ' Yon pen do jaat what yon like yon know, as soon as it is ovor; and people in the country think go ranch of it. Wo scandalise the neighbourhood quito enough, as it ie, by not going to bed at ten o'olook, and other wicked practices. And lost week we were only three at charoh oat of a part 7of seventeen.' 'Are yon going, Mies Christie T Yes, of course yon are. I'll go, if you will find all the plaoes for me,' said Mr Garrathers. . ? ? ? And when we got to church—we mustered eight altogether—be eat by mc, and piokod ont from among the faooke the biggest churoh-service he conld find, which ho put in front of mo when the colloct was giTi'ng out, whispering— ' ' Find it for mc, please.' At first I would not take any notice, for it was just like playing in church ; but ho began making enoh a disturb-' anco, iQetling the leaves of hie book, looking over those of his neighbour, and dropping with a crash all those within reaoh on the ledge before him, that I was obliged to find it for him, and all the other plaoep too during the service, juet as if he bad been a little boy. But I was very angry all the titno, and when we came oat I' wonld not Bpeak to him. He' came however and walked by my side, while I talked to somebody else, and at last he said meekly—? ? Hare I offended you?' 1 Yea,' I said ; ' I think yon ar? veiy irreverent. . To he Contixatd. 