THEOLD lpORHOOSE b d ' I have never In all my life seen anyfhingtliat could by the utmost stretch of i l imagination be called a ghost ; bat I am not sure that I hare not felt the presence of an unseen visitor from the spirit world, tn the world of sensations t am one of-the most sensitive. Doctors tell me the «nearest sensations, scarcely pereived by ordinary men, are felt with » keenness that tarns them into exquisite pleasures or pains. If thïs be the «ase, then it may be something more than a superstition when 1 say that I have felt the impact ci a spirit upon myown being —an impact both weird and wonderful. Let me relate my experience in this direction. _ • • ' • : ,:> ; Many years àgo I acted as ah honor aiy librarian to a gentleman who possessed a large and somewhat «inique librarr The house En which he lived was far up in the north. It was «Kl, quaint, aud interesting in many ways. In the days gone by it had been surwindcd by a moat, but when I knew it» the most had diminished to a pond, dark and deep The Manor House, for such it was, had been added to until but little of the original dwelling remained—a»e long, low-roofed room of the ancient pile constituted the library. It was filled with books, pictures, aud curiosities. ÎJLaiiy and many a quiet, happy hour I spent in that old room. In the sight of this place stood a hall, older and better known, to which there was attached some queer, quaint stories of the times of the Civil Wars. But with the Manor House I could find no tale associated : it was old, but it had no legends. In my first visit to the libraiy I was absorbed with the books and often long into the night did I s ; t and converse with the mighty minds of men long since passed over to the great majority. One night, sitting late, I dozed, and w"ke up with a strong and strange im pression that someone had just passed out beneath the heavy curtains that lning over the door that led to the rest of the mansion. I rubbefl n»y [ eyes, yawned and went to bed. Soine weeks passed in hard professional work before I could pay a visit to my friend and his books I made eveiy effort to do so, being deeply interested in some County Histo ies that had been lately added to the library. Circumstances fell out so favorably that my next stay at the Manor Ilouse lasted a week or more. I made up for lost time by spending nearly all day among the books. On the second night I was poring over some old prints when there came upon me the most intense sense of someone being in the room with 1118. I looked up. quite expecting to see nephew of my host, who was staying in the house, and who often came to look at the pictures. I saw no one, but was so convinced that someone iiad been the room that I ran downstairs, and said to the lw»y, ' Dan, you've been upstairs playin some trick upon me.' At once lie answered, * No, I haven't and his uncle at once confirmed the boy's disavowal by saying that he had not been out of the room all the even f went up, and iurned the light out. and thought no more of the matter. Hut within a month or so I paid another visit to my friend, and was sitting one beautiful summer evening, with all the windows open, watching sonu visitor: playing at howls. Suddenly it seemed as if someone was looking over my shoulder out of the win dow. I turned sharply round, but saw no one : and yet while my eyes refuted the supposition, I was strangely posses sed with a sense of someone unseen, yet near, being in the room. As I am writing I can even now realise that intense and powerful sen sation such as we feel when we are with someone in the dark. So strong was the feeling, that I went downstairs and stood with the players on the lawn. My host looked at me once or twice, and then said, * Are you not well ? I said, ' What makes you ask the question ? ' He answered, ' Ynu lock queer/ I laughed at him, and went over the lawn to the shady side of the house, and stood fust beneath the librarv window In a moment I felt there was someone who was looking out of the libraiy window. So real was the impression that looked up, and was surprised at seeing no one. I determined to know, and ran indoors, up . the staircase, tod into he library, quite convinced that hould catch someone within. My uest was quite in vain—there was o one. The-matter began to puzzle me. In no other part of the house did this unseen presence seem to touch me, only in the libraiy. I thought veiy much about it, and questioned my own mind as to the meaning of it. But I did not say one word to iny host. He was a cultivated hard-headed man, who would I felt sure treat the whole matter with scorn. Let me say that I felt no fear, even when the presence seemed most dose I put it down to subjective condition, consequent on my own sensitiveness and the book?, which seemed to grow into the character of fiends. For two or three years I was conscious of this phenomenon. Circumstances prevented me from revisiting the library the same month. I afterwards left the locality and came South. Some year or so afterwards I had migrated southward, I went to visit my friend, and we spent the first evening in the libraiy, looking over the latest purchases. While pleasantly turning over some photographic views of fiome, and while my friend was standing dose to me, there came, like a rush of feeling, the old sensation. : So strong was it that I stopped, looked round, and looked up. Again my friend put the question he had put years before, * Are you ill ? * I said no, and then he replied, ' You look just as you did that day that I thought you were going to faint, when we were playing at bowls—What is it ? ' I said • Nothing,' but my friend quickly answered, ' Bnt it is something.' Then Came a flash in his face, and an eager look in his eye, and he said, 4 Do yon really mean to tell me that you ate not poorly.' I thjn had to confess that I fait a little queer. He wanted me to call upon . is doctor when I Went into town- I id not. But one day I said to lilm, Do you ever feel anything funny in the ibraiy ? ' * How fanny 1 he asked. I said, 'Something strange—as if someone was there V Tn a moment he turned & little pale, and said, ' Hare you felt that ? * I said ' Yes. veiy often.* * How strange,' he answered. * Do you^jétnember M—7-?'* ; v '"' < WelV y«rs %o he jj^ped me^ the library, said my friend, 'juid he declared that - there was always someone with him whenever he was at work with the books.' : • '• 1 ' !• * • - f ; • k •. / Yeara have passed away. My friend has left the Manor House. One day he began to œil me something of thestoiy that he hadi^oarï! «s to'some 'Tfejr^aw^ ful event thai lîod hap|>ei]cJ years igo to the master of the »l<i h->use, but ! «an never get him to say m.-ie. .r rf u . 3 Whenever I nsS;»-! b'm what it all meant, he always l - -ked serious, and said, 'We don't kn>w anything, and there are things ni -r • subtle than electricity/ , It may he.ihf.t in ^hé i^orld of mind there *>re itik>«vm»i.yé». 'ito : fet made of which the seeing of ghosts and t .ilking with spirits are only vulgar and gross misrepresMifalrions. ' ' • For myself, the Sense of someonewith me, which came so often PJMm me in that room is still amongst th|s unexplained experiences of a life that lias more titan once seemed to be thesubject of influences more than mundane. T 