Noteworthy Sayings. He who knows little soon blahs it.-Portuguese proverb. We often do more'good by our sympathy than hy our labors.' .. . : ? ..rrovii ^nA ^7' ,} He who sows brambles must look well to his shoes. -Italian proverb. ?. ,, k >. '. Pride wears soft raiment, but keeps a lean ; larder. -BuBBian proverb. i Misery follows the spendtbrift, bnt dwells with the miser.-Danish proverb. A lio has no legs, and cannot stand ; but it has wings, and can fly far.-Chinese proverb. M i Flies spy out the wounds, bees the flowers ; so do cood men the merits, and oommon men the faults. Hindoo proverb. If a man empties his purse into his head, no one oan take it away from him.1 An investment in know ledge always pays the beBt interest. Friendship hath the ßkill and observation of the best physician, the diligence and vigilanoe of the beBt nurse, and the tenderness and patience of the bâBt mother. Some folk's tongues are like the olooka as run a. Btrikin,' not to tell you the time o' day, but because there's Bummat wrong i' their inside.-Mrs. Poyser'in "Adam Bede." Never hold anybody by the button, or the hand, in order to be heard out; for, if people are not willing to hear you, you had muon better hold your tongue than them.-Lord Chesterfield. i Dress does not make a man ; but it often makes a successful one. What all men should avoid is the "shabby genteel." No man ever gets over it. You had better be in ragB.-Vigoin "Endymion." . -The wisdom of tho ignorant somewhat resembles the instinot of animals. It is diffused, but in a very narrow sphere ; but within the oirole it aots with vigor, uniformity, and success.-Goldsmith. One-half of mankind pass their HVGB in thinking how they shall get a dinner, and the other in thinking what dinner they shalt pet-; and the first aro muon less injured by occasional fasta than are the latter by constant feasts. - When the world has onoo got bold of a lio it is astonishing how hard it is to get it out of tho world. You beat it about tho head till it seems to.have given up the ghost; and lo .'.the next day, it is as healthy as ever. A sensible man does hot brag, avoids introducing the names of his creditable companions, omitB him self as habitually as another man obtrudes himself in the discourse, and ia content with putting his faot ot theme simply on its ground. The foundation of domestio happiness is faith in the virtue of women ; the foundation of political happiness is confidence in the integrity of man ; the foundation of all happiness, temporal and eternal, ÍB relianoe on the goodness of God. Hasty conclusions aro the mark of a fool ; a wiso mandoubteth-a fool rageth and is confident; the novice saith, " I am Büro it is BO ;" the learned an swers, " Peradventure it may be so ; but I prithee inquire." Some men are drunk with fanoy, and mad with opinion. It is a little learning, and but a little, whioh makes men conclude hastily. Experience and ' humility teaqh modesty and fear. AN "ACCIDENT" IN GERMANY.-A singular ac-, bldent happened in Hamburg some weeks ago. In an empty baok room, behind a moulding, there wpre some éleotrio light wires. A £in iron, gas pipe was thrust through among these,, and one of the wiroa was brokon. Its ends lay on the gaspipe and melted a hole 2-5in in diameter. When tho gas waa next turned on,the ourrent. happened to be off, but, of course, the "gas escaped through tho hole in the pipe. Then, as Boon as the esoape was discovered, tho oleotrio ourrent was turned on in order to look' for it. Every possible precaution having thus been taken in laying the train, an explosion of a highly Buooessful character immediately followed. , SIZES OP HEADS.-"Soven" hoing the average BÍZ3 of a man's hoad as moasured by his hat, it . appears that ont of fourteen distinguished person ages, two (Lord Chelmsford and Doan Stanley) wer« below, while oth*r two (Lord Beaconsfield and the Prince of WO!OB) weiro exactly, up to the average. Of tho others, Dickons, Selborne, and Bright required 7fe, Earl" EUBBOU 74, L rd Macaulay, Gladstone, and Ttiaokoray 7f n, Louis Philippe 7Jin, and tho ArohbiBhop of York 8 full. Of twenty-three : distinguished men whose notual broin-woighta aro known, four, including tho lato Pr< ftssor Hoghes Bennet and Hermann, tho pbiloloaiot, wore dis tinctly below tho average, showing that a., well oonatitutod brain of small dimensions may bo oapoblo of doing muoh bettor work than many a largor organ whose intornal constitution is, from ono causo.or . othor, defeotivo. <' . , Tho word,'!:Boulanger" having beoomo odious in Paris to his political oppononts, ono ingenious Paria baker in a fashionablo'stroot styles himself ." Entre preneur do Painifioations." 