(Brevities. Business brisk. Mining at a standstill. Tho horny-handed Inking their holidays out. Tho samo holidays are not nn unmixed blo.ssing. Whil the miner t ikes his oaso tho min ing reporter delvos liko a nigger, And nine tinios out of ten dvesn't raise tho ghost of a colour. Not all workers undergrounds enjoy holi days equally well. Sir Henry Parkes says he hardly knows what to do with himself whou Parliament i9 not sitting. His nature is subdued to what it works, in liko tha dyer's hand, only tho dyer's hand is cleaner than it looks. Aftor the weary holidays aro ovor, Tlio town bogins to shako itsolf together again ; And is drawn togothor tlio inoro readily, boonuso of a sonsatioual topic for street cornor confab. Opholia says, "Lord wo know what wo nro, but wo don't know what wo may be." Some people don't seom to know oven what tlioy aro, still loss what tlioy may bo- como or do. A montc man doing tho bottle trick at Emu Park ; lio will probably wind up by doing tlio vanishing trick for a definite period. Tho Emu Park incos a suososs. A hundred and forty ono pounds paid in prizes. Our Brighton-on-tho-son hoooming more popular year by your. Mr. I.ukin's playful littlo job with tho olecloral rolls lins como to an oud. Noxt Monday tho noblo army of jumpors will afford fresh pns'i 1110. Mo nt Morgan look-up koopor's vorondah likoly to proTo vory attractive on that oc casion. Wlion aro tho Privy Connoillors going to tacklo thoir part of tlio contraot? Tho following is tho return of tho arrivals and doparturos at this port during tho past year :— Arrivals. — Ovorson, 3 sailing vessels, 1002 tens ; intercolonial, 23 sailing vessels, 3481 tans. Departures. — Oversea, 3 sailing vcbboIs, 1G62 tons ; intercolonial, 19 sailing vossols, 3002 tons. Mr. Lukin does not regard long rosidonco in a town its a credential of .ohuraotor by any means. J udgo Dookor, of N. S. W., says thnt lifo ussuranca canvnssors uro 011a of tho lowost classes of men in tho community. This, lie explained, was bocause thoy poBtor pooplo so to insure thoir lives, making tliom- selvcs til ore by a nuisance to society. Tho canvassers say that Judges are tbo most importinout oluss of mon in tho country und stylo tliemsolvos " tho apostles of thrift nud providence." 