Notes on My Beat. Those who still ImM scrip in the old Miry borough Transit Company need Dot bother themselves about reading this, as it will not appeal to their sympathies to tbe least. Apart from them, however how would it be to try Maryborough in the tramway line? We are a growing community, and tbe suburbs are -now fairly well occupied, while the three 'buses dolnpduty in Maryborough cannot hope to relieve all the poorer classes wbo c&nDot; a fiord their bungles, and have to tramp to work or to towij these hot days. Maryborough offers no engineering diffi culties for a tram line, and a regular ser vice would probably be productive of good interest on tbe moqey laid out. It would, besides, give a 'considerable im petus to business, as all methods for sav ing time do. ***** At tbe breaking up of tbe Albert State School laBt week tbe Hon. B. B. Moreton instead, as be mfgbt with excuse have dime as ex-Minister for Instruction, of in dulging in prosy pjatitudes on our educa tional system, gave a piece of simple advice wbich, I hope, fell on many other thafi stony places. He aBked the hoys to be 'polite and gentle to the girls' Perhaps in that small and gentlemanly admonition Mr. Moreton' struck the key note of the cause and prevention of larri klnism. A boy, a lad, a man, who shews respect for .womankind young or old will not come to barm. Tbere must be in stincts within him wbicb will arm him against wrong, and will affect bis whole conduct. Nor is this instinct solely ob tained by inheritance, for veneration for the weaker sex comes more perhaps from example and precept than any other virtue. The same bay who has drunken parents, and bas bold, brazen sisters and himself therefore bas a contempt for women existing within him, would, on the other band, if his female connections acted up to self respect, be influenced by tbeir high example, ever present to blm, to look upon women as something to be treated, and always bo, with politeness and gentleness. This regard can best be implanted in youth, aud those wbo bave the control of hoys can best induce gentleness and politeness towards women by insisting upon reepect' being paid to them on all ocassions— to mothers, sisters, and all. ***** JUDGB Coopek will be blessed by future generations, for his extraordinary conduct of late years is fast bringing tbe benuh from tbat high pitch of rigid hauteur wbich it has been pleased to assume to it°elf to the level of what it Bhould be, au institution to impartially punish tbe wrong aud protect tbe weak or wronged. Tbere never was any in tention tbat judges should manufacture their own cases, sit on tbeir foes, and punish according to what must be their crooked views iu cases where tbey them selves are the self-assumed aggrieved parties. Judge Cooper has sentenced tbe writer of a letter to the Bowen 'times to a year's imprisonment for commenting on one of his verdict', and though tbe man abjectly apologised to his accuser. Tbe latter, monstrous to relate in thene days, at once assiim:-d the posi tion of judge in bis own case and pro nouueeri an outrageous seuteuce accord ingly. Judge Cooper bas an action for libel warmiDg egaiiiet, the Brisbane Courier. As well might be judge that case himself as tbat of the man Wilson in question. It is indeed bard that good In such cases must arise only out of evil, but tbe conduct --f Juries Cooper must tend to tbat desirable levelling of tbe judges to tbeir propt r positions as paid servants of the State. Tbe faise|notion that a judge is an a- be^eal being totally above human weiknceses, and therefore incapable of showing such in his judge ments, must happily be dissolved by tbe tyrannous action of J udge Cooper. ***** Next week is Cliristmastide, and, a good lengthy holiday being provided for all, should result in a sihliien fall in our mortality. By way nf keeping up this Important' brunch of ntatistics I will re commend those who are camping out and bave not tbe necessary cloths for cooking that great institution, tbe annual plum pudding, to make a good one while about it and bill it in a piir of trousers. This was done lately by some mariners not so far away, and was found to answer capitally. r *J * * * * N© one will be sorry tbat tbe School of Arts Committee has decided tbat the public may overhaul the library for themselves. It was n most unpopular move when tbey fenced off the sub scribers from their own books and this probably tended somewhat towards the falling off in the receipts. The committee seem in earnest in tbeir intentions to make tbe Institution thrive from a business point of view ; why then do not they decide once for all to get the newest books out early. Tbey should try and ally them selves with some publishing firm or agent at home. I am quite surp, for instance, that an old subscriber of thelr's, Mr. R. B. B. Clayton, of 88 Bisbopsgate Within, liondon, E.C., would be only too happy to lookout and forward prominent books at once. Thus we might have euob works as ' Robert Elsmere' long before 1900, A D. ' * * * * * Something was eaid in tbe ' Beats ' last week against lli& vicious turn that athletics in. Maryborough has taken and no one will deny, at least no one with the slightest knowledge of the extraor dinary conversation which Is openly spoken on tbe grounds at the various races, that many of the events are a scandal and a disgrace to the name of sport. There are v ry few indeed who will attempt to hide the fact that what is sought/by the numerous amateur 'books11 and others Is to learn who is 11 meant1' to win rather than who is the best ninner. It is rare indeed that form, pace, and previous records are placed on the scale against a man or his chances of winning gusged by sDch fair methods. No ! tbe question almost always arises, 11 Do you know anything about' this raoe,' which means wbo Ifllfc that bas been paid to win, and who la it tbat hfta i I j been pn|,| to loose? Horaeracing 'ftin't nufflii' to it. ***** This tarnish ou an once honourable meanB for improving tbe physique of tbe human form divine must be tbe result of a very bad feeling, for were exercise and muscle development in tbe slightest de gree tbe mainspring of these sports we should long ago have had manly sports practiced vigorously In the town, aud healthy rivalry created between distant towns. There is none of that at all, though we have visitors from alt parts. Another proof of the decadence of mus cular sports is the lack of a gymnasium in Maryborough. There used to lie a small crib of a place devoted to tgymnns. tics by a few enthusiasts, but It soon died a natural death, aud the taste, therefore, for vigorous exercise is proved not to exist, but in its place a gambling ghost of such pastime. It is very much to be hoped that the Licensing Bench will be very particular at their approaching court In allowing fresh licenses, granting exchanges or re newals. The public-house from tbe view of a justice should a place of accommo* dation, though we know that the bar trade is what Is relied upon for profitB — often big ones. The beuch— a etrict and perfectly impartial one— have It in their power to wipe out all those miserable shanties wbicb simply afford shelter for the temporary boiwr, bat ofler no temp tation to tbe traveller to accept a night's lodging therein. The justices in dealing with proposed licenses for places along railway lines, would no doubt be moved to waive a point or two on the side of mercy to such places, as the existence of sucb must necessarily be only transitory ; but there is another side to the case, and tbat is that a man enters into tbe business well knowing what is required of blm, and it would be no loss whatever— in fact a great gain in moBt cases — to tbe community where he and bis proposed rum-hell consigned to everlasting igno miny. There is no reason why a trusting traveller should seek for refuge in a den nf drinkers and find that instead of a welcome as a lodging customer he is looked upon as a nuisance unless be drinks bis head oft. A hard and fast, even harsb, firmness on tbe part of tbe licensing authorities can only result in great good to the community and to genuine publicans especially. ***** I see bv tbe Rockhampton Bulletin that the famous Tbadeus O'Kaoe, editor of the HaH/iem Miner , -praises the former town up to the skies as a model municipality, and those wbo have visited tbe place will reckon tbat The O'Kane's eulogistic lan euage is not altogether misplaced, for Rockhampton is, well, economically, and rigidly managed by its two councils. THe fact is tbat the Maryborough council is not tbe least bit behind tbat of its north ern sister in great matters, tor in finan cing, etc., we are not to be equalled, but tbe aldermen of Maryborough sadly neg lect those little trifles which go to swell tbe harmony oftbeplaie. Little questions of drainage are often neglected ; house holders are not made to perform their obvious tasks of not making themselves nuisances to tbeir neighbours ; goats abound in a disgraceful manner, aiid many oftbe poor creatures in tbe suburbs are made beasts of burden to a cruel ex tent ; the road metal is vile, and the watering of our streets viler. The dug nuisance grows apace, and tbere 1b no redress against those persons whose dogs keep tbeir neighbours awake. Tree planting is almost utterly neglected, and Harpur's surface system already adopted is being so fearfully altered tbat it soon promises to be pregnant with bungles. This seems a pretty category to bring against our aldermen tbis very merry Christmas, but tbey may pat themselves on the back aB tbey like, and excuse themselves on one or all of these items, but tbey do not act with tbe vigor of the Rockhampton Council In petty details. ***** Looking over a fence tbe other day, while ' on my beat,' I witnessed the sue. cessful efforts of a cow to knock down pears off a tree planted in a small allot ment. Tbe peare were naturally unripe, Bnd tbe cow was simply butting tbe trunk of tbe tree witb all its might and main to shakedown the fruit. After a number of repeated butts, tbe creature set to work to devour tbe fallen pears. Now, what will the sntl-evolutionlsis say to this? Tbat cow bad evidently the power to rea son and apply in its brain cause to effect, and it is my belief tbat were we to shut up some cows and their progeny for a number of years in an orchard amid sour grass, we should find all tbe animals in tbe pear season butting tbe trees at first, then learning to reach up with tbeir necks, like goats over a fence, to pluck the fruit, until tbey became giraffes, or perhaps becoming bovine tree-climbers. Evolution, given time, apparently does everything I it will almost turn a whale into a lion, or a cat into a serpent. In man evolution is supposed to have gone beyond tbe physical stage, and to be merely wormug uumt umiu. great error. If we continue to wear boots and neglect our toes for useful purposes as at present, we shall in time have flat hoofs, just as if we were for centuries to neglect our present mode of sitting and adopt kneeling as tbe posture of ease, we should slowly become a tailed race, and our knees would either become horny or padded like a camel's hoof. However, I will not pursue tbe question further, having, I feel sure, pereuaded all that they have it in tbeir power to become by evolution monstrosities of a very superior order ***** Mb. Wragge, the Government Me teorologist, bad he lived in Grecian times and bad the advantage of h-B present paraphernalia, would have done well by entering Into Delphic holy orders as a Delphic priest. He does muoh good now however, and tbe latest we hear of him is tbat horses at Maoklnlay. up north, were delayed removal in a dry country beoause he promised rain in four days. This prognostication proved correct, and all is well with the horses at Maoklnlay. But the lessons to be learnt by this ex ample of Mr. Wragge's powers- of fore casting ore prodlglouB. Jt will now be tbe oorreot thing to write to Mr. Wragge ' before fixing on days for garden parties or picnics. It will soon become foolhnrdl ness to arrange for a drive in the after noon without first consulting the Govern, meat Meteorologist. It will not be long before Mr. Wragge will be warning lnd-. viduals to prepare for death as on certain days tbsy will be struck by lightning; and further we may expect this real clerk of the weather to announce in good time a six months' draught, so tbat we may all overdraw heaitily and heavily at tbe banks in good time and bave festivities during the dry times at the expense of those who can best afford it. Altoget her, I look upon Mr. Wragee aB the best friend Queensland has, and tbe Government 1 ouelit to appoint three doctors to the sole | office of keeping him alive for ever. j Among tbe Bonks:— Mr. Slwileu, the | awful poet, bas left Englaii'l He bas gone from Liverpool, for B Hi ton first. Mr. Sladen is going to give a series nf lectures In tlie United States, and also to compile an Anthology of the younger American poets. Thank heaven! he means to give Australia a rest, . . . We are promised early in November tbe second series of Mr. Matthew Arnold's ' Essay in Criticism.' Tbe subjects are 'The Study of Poetry,' 'Milton,' 'Gray,' 'Keats,' 'Words- worth,' 'Byron,' 'Shelley,' ' Tolstoi,' Bnd ' Amiel.' To these essays, selected for republication by himself, Mr. Arnold had intended to add others which he un happily did not live to write. Lord Cole ridge contribntes a perfatory note to the volume. . . . Messrs. Macmillan and Co. will issue early in December 'The Recluse ' (hitherto unpublished) of Wordsworth's poems, which will contain all the copyright notes and perfaces. Tnis edition will tie uniform with tbe popular edition of Lord Tennyson's poems, ami will thus be the only complete edition iu tbe market, . . . Messrs. CasseM and Co., the well-known publishers, of Lt Belle Sauvage Yard, are about t« issue a Bible with illustrations, designed for them for a previous venture, by tbe late Gustave Djre, in halfpenny weekly numbers. . . . The Interesting an nouncement is made that Mr. Bider Haggard's brother, Captain A. C. II. Haggard, now in India, bas sent home a novel for publication. ... In spile nf adverse criticism, tbe sale of 'Frederick tbe Noble' during the first fortnight nearly reached one hundred thousand. CONSTABLE X. 