THE LADY PIANIST. "Evening parties attended by a proficient pianist; terms, by the hour, as required, and moderate. For particulars apply within." Thus stood the duly lithographed words gracing a highly ornamented card placed face to face with every passer-by in one of the busiest shops in Crommreton. Not, of coarse, that Crommerton was a specially influential city, or anything of the kind, in fact. .On the contrary, it was only a small provincial town, whtere tradesmen vied with tradesmen as to superiority in either this or that, as the case might be, and the various other classes in the place did ditto. There was somewhat of a throng of customers at that moment within Mrs. Bragsbury's shop. Everyone seemed to desire to be served at once, which feat was not of course possible. Christmas cards lay about in profusion waiting for inspection, and numerous were the enquiries as to the price of this illuminated specimen and that. At this particular instant some one else entered, and in a somewhat gruff voice demanded, as if he did so much against his own will, whether anybody could give him any particulars about that card there; and he pointed, as he Spoke, towards the shop front. " Was the fellow worth his salt ?' he added, and so on. To which sort of attack Mrs. Bragsbury replied that it "wasn't a " fellow " at all to whoifif the. lithographed notice in question bore reference, hut to a young lady. "Oh, that's it, is it?" was the response. Worth anything?" " Worth a - great deal, sir," was • Mrs. Bragsbury's retort, bristling up considerably as she spoke. " I should not else— excuse me—have encouraged • the affair, sir. I always know a young lady when I 6ee one." This last declaration seemed definitive in Mrs. Bragsbury's opinion. " But/ my good soul "r—he began. The • growing frown, however, visible upon Misc Bragsbury's face served to reremind him that he had already gone far enough. * " I'll give ,ypu the address," she said, shortlv, « if that's what you require. The young lady is a stranger here—just arrived in the place. It's my belief, too, that she's of better birth than most people, but of course that's not my business." There was a slight amount of venom in the speech thus dealt out. Mrs. Bragsbury considered that her personal dignity had been treated somewhat lightly, and such was her mode of recompense. " Certainly not. That fact either won't serve to help her two straws in the battle of life—that's a sure case; or at least that's my experience. But I'm obliged to you for the address. I know well enough now where the place is." "Exciting, aggravating sort of people 1" as Mrs. Bragsbury observed, scornfully, later on. " They consider everyone that isn't born with a silver spoon in his mouth little better than the dust in the street. I haven't patience with such folks.'* Meanwhile a scene of a rather different kind was being enacted in a small, scantily furnished home not very far away. A beautiful girl sat near the window busily engaged in crewelwork, intended for sale. As Bhe had just said, if she couldn't succeed in one thing she -must in another. Matters had now come to that point. Advertising in the newspapers for pupils of any kind seemed utterly useless. No answers ever came. The notice, too, in the fancy stationery shop had proved a failure. " The postman, child, has he passed the window yet?" asked mother, putting her head in at the door as the question fell. " Not even the ghost of him. I'm so orry, mother mine." And the beautiful fspeaker had all at once, as if under the influence of 6udden impulse, cast on one side her lovely needlework and risen to her feet. " It breaks my heart almost to think that this trouble all comes through my own doing. There, believe me, won't you?" And then the soft arms were laid around mother's neck, and the latter could only answer that it had not been Hermine's fault at all—quite the contrary. Each trusted the other fully; that fact was only too evident. " We are here now, and must therefore make the best of things," went on mother, quietly. " The home that we have lost through no fault of yours, child, must be forgotten. We must live only in the life that lies before us. Is that not so ?" "Yes, that is surely best," fell whisperingly. And then came what both had waited for all day—the postman's double knock. A letter indeed 1 Only that the wording ran differently to what was specially desired :— " You have chosen to leave the neighbourhood, but your present whereabouts has been traced, and I still desire that you should abide by my wishes. Why not 1 I offer ycu everything that wealth can supply—position in the social scale equal to your own in all reality. Why, I repeat, do you thus stand out in opposition to me ? The lawsuit has be<n decided against your mother, as you already kn >w, and you are therefore penniless. Remember that " THE SQUIBB OF MENBOSE." " Mother; oh mother, tell me," came earnestly, " you do not wish that—that— then I should yield, after all ?" "No, child. You please me best by acting as you do. Only that it all seems hard at times." Hermine knew this. She could not now have pretended anything to the contrary. But how had their present address been found out ? both mused. Therein lay the puzzle. When poverty had fallen on the widow and her daughter, with one fell swoop os it may be said, neither of them had flinched even for a moment from the path that lay before them. The lawsuit raised wholly at the squire's instigation, touching 6ome disputed property, was the result of only injured pride on his part. If the handsome Hermine would not accept his hand she should pay a bitter penalty for such an act. And therefore to this had matters come. Yes, Hermine would be true to her own " sailor laddie "—in other words to the sailor- lieutenant, who had stolen her heart; ay, how many years ago ?—almost, in fact, when they were little children together. There came a thundering rat- tat-too at the front door at that moment, and quick as lightening the busy worker in crewels had answered the summons. "Miss Willoughby—is she at home?" fell somewhat shortly and hastily. " That is my own name," fell simply in reply. " I wish to see Miss Willoughby on business, then. You are prepared, I believe," and the speaker hastily changed his mode of address, " to perform dance muBic at evening parties ?" " I have been looking out tor occupation of the kind, certainly." " Oh ! I see. Haven't done that kind of thing before, eh? Well, never mind. You can make a beginning now if you wish to do so. We have an affair as usual at home on Christmas Eve. A tree, you know, and all that sort of thing. ' Then>a good dance for every one that likes it. We want a professional pianist to keep everything agoing. You understand; don't you!" " Certainly, pray walk in a moment; so that I may note down address, and also hour. You must also desire to know about terms," she went on, in a steady voice. Inwardly, however, her heart was beating Cast. It .was her first money bargain of the kind. Never before in the course of her life had her talents been thus on the actual eve of bringing grist to the mill. It was, in fact, a new experience, quite. " Tats, Miss Willoughby," and the name fell somewhat too glibly, and also familiarly, to please the listener's taste. " We needn't waste time over that part of the business. It's easily enough settled. A guinea down, and a good supper. Such, I believe, is the usual thing. Are you satisfied ?" The cheeks of the listener had at one small portion of the last speech flushed crimson ; but she had the ready tact to control herself promptly. This was no occasion for indulging in over- refined feeling of any kind. A good supper, too, was certainly better than none at all. How stupid to allow such wording even to touch her for a moment ? " The terms will answer very well," she answered quietly, " and I hope you will on your side be satisfied with the bargain. I will be in Cbitheram-square at 8 o'clock precisely." " All right," and he was once more in the open street, " I'm glad it's arranged. Don't on any account forget the supper," he added in a somewhat lower tone, as if wishing to be specially pleasant. " That's all given in, you know, and if you don't look sharp there may be some mistake abont it." Christmas Eve came at last, with all its gladness and joy to how many of earth's children, with also its sense of bitter regret and utter weariness of life to others. A considerable number of the inhabitants of Crommerton were all excitement, not only on account of the ordinary festive doings on the Eve in question, but also in reference to the private ball which was to take place evening at Sir Thomas Eatchup's residence. Sir Thomas was rich. Consequently those who were invited deemed themselves specially favored, whilst those who were not wisely contented themselves in envying those more highly favored than themselves. Thus ran the present tide of affairs in Crommerton. As Hermine whispered in mother's ear, in her own soft musical voice, Christmas Eves could never again bo like Christmas Eves of long ago. Could they 1 And mother, who, alas 1 knew this fact far too well, had only smiled thoughtfully in answer.'; Her daughter must be brave, she mused. The life that now lay before her was a new one, and must be faced in true woman's fashion, forgetting surely all the past. If the man to whom she had simply and innocently plighted her faith, now well nigh 6ix years ago, when in fact she was little more than 15, had not written to her for the past three years she must yet con- tinue to believe in him. Why not ? she reasoned. And then came a little sigh, and Hermine went on arranging her one remaining evening dress. There was a very phalanx of carriages drawn up that evening in front of Sir Thomas Katchup's abode. As the first of these, however, had appeared upon the Bcene, discharging its airily equipped occupants, a slight preliminary step had taken place within the ballroom. The " person" who was to officiate at the pianoforte for a stipulated sum, supper included, was patronisingly directed by Babs the footman in which direction of the spacious saloon to find the instrument in qnestion; and the next moment, with the air of a queen, as if, in fact, the entire room specially belonged to her, the newcomer had swept gracefully, hastily, however, across the floor already duly prepared for the dancers, and taken her position in the place assigned her. Already she was removing her gloves. Many were the glances, some admiring, others merely expressive of curiosity, shot in her direction; while "more than one sort of half-whisper reached her ears in the shape of " My dear Lady Katchup! where in the world did you pick her up ? Who is she 1 Tell us all about her 1" Oh, if the earth below would only open and swallow her up, was the one thought dominant in Hermine's heart. She had not reckoned upon having to encounter anything of this kind. "Quadrille, polka, waltz, galop," varied with an occasional set of " lancers," had been the only sort of programme she had pictured to herself. Sir Thomas himself had, however, by this time found his way across the room to her. "Glad to see yon, Miss Willoughby," he said. "Was afraid you might be late. If you require refreshment during the course of the evening you must simply let me know; and beyond everything," came in. a low voice, " don't forget the supper." There was a sudden pause. The assembled guests had all marshalled themselves duly into their respective places, and the master of the ceremonies clapped his hands. The next moment the ball had opened. The taper fingers of the " professional" manipulated cleverly. The opening quadrille was a marked success. The hours wore on, and still the heated and now flushed pianist remained indefatigably at her post. They were having their full guinea's worth, as the now overexcited girl thought once more and yet again. " I met an old friend at Doppelton last week—Carl Wentwooth," she heard a voice saying almost close behind her. " But I forgot, you never knew him. He left the town before you settled in the place." There was a sudden pause—break rather, it seemed at that moment—in the inspiriting ring as if by one consent in the direction of the piano; and then the musical strain went on as before, only that it seemed yet more brilliantly than ever. It was only a coincidence, of course. She well knew that. Bat even the mere fact of such name being nttered thus within earshot had served to make the pulses of her heart throb madly, but this only for the moment. Another instant and the " professional " was herself agein. " I tried hard to procure an invitation for him here to-night," went on the voice again, " but he's an odd fellow, it seems, and fights shy of ladies' society." The music of the fashionable schottische went on brilliantly. The " professional " was evidently determined that her performance should come off in flying colours tonight. How many other evening engagements might not depend upon the result of this her first venture 1 The gentlemen crowded around at the end of the schottische with the view of tendering her thanks. They were Bimply in ecstacies, as all declared. Never before had " dance-music," so called, been rendered in Crommerton in such masterly fashion. They were each and all infinitely indebted to Miss and then came a pause, supplemented by the trifling item of information that they had not yet been favoured with the lady's name. " Miss Willoughby," came coldly, with a slight inclination of the speaker's head. " And now, if you will permit me, I will go on with the programme," 6he added, stiffly, glancing once more in the direction of the master of the ceremonies. The gentlemen drew themselves away, as if by consent. They were not accustomed to meet with rebuffs of this nature. " Upon my word," fell sneeringly from, one of them. " Miss Willoughby has mistaken her role, and imagines herself an empress. That's clear as daylight." And all the while, the notes of a wellknown favourite galop meanwhile reverberating cheerily throughout the assemblage, the beautiful " professional" was lost in a day dream of her own. What if her present performance should give such entire satisfaction that the engagements should pour in upon her! Such would indeed be a success. All was forgotten save gratitude for this new opening in her path. The hour of midnight was already approaching, and her fingers had now grown sadly weary. There was a sudden buzz of voices at the other end of the room. " Bravo, old fellow! Better late than never," fell in a loud clear voice above the general hum. " Bravo! Well—yes, if you like to put it in that way," was the reply, dealt in a pleasant, manly voice. " Missed the train, the next stuck in the snow, and the third brought me here." " Exactly like you," was the response, heartily given. " I'm supposed by most folks to be dead, I suppose. Wonder I'm not. Three years a prisoner in the hands of those Italian brigands was well nigh as bad." And then there was a sadden rash, towards the pianoforte, and all eyes were fixed in one direction. The lady pianist had fainted, and even as the fact made itself known the sailor had forced his way into the front of the crowd and stood face to face with the girl whom he loved so well. "This lady," he said hastily, and in a wholly bewildered manner, " must he taken home, at once," " You know Miss Willoughby, then ¥" exclaimed Sir Thomas, in a tone of considerable astonishment. " Know Miss Willoughby! Never heard the name even. If that face doesn't belong to some one whom I once—whom I once knew—then my name isn't Carl Wentworth. I'm in dream nnmber two, I suppose. Bat for pity's sake have ber taken home, Sir Thomas Katchnp. The mystery mnst be cleared np soon, or I shall go out of my mind. My eyes have never yet succeeded in deceiving me, and shan't certainly do so now." " Yes, yes; of course. I see how it all happened," whispered the sailor lover, as he stood once more, and no mistake at all about it, by the side of his own, as he was bold enough to express it, Hermine Yane. " I should have been in prison and you on the stage. In other words, we have each been performing certain characters, each wholly at variance with our own personal inclinations—one as lady pianiste, the other as forlorn captive. Queer, isn't it, even to think of ? Queer also, wasn't it, chat I Bhould have met old Toggs at Toppleton ?" But Hermine's heart is so full of happiness this sweet Christmastide thatshe has no words to answer. She only knows now thaa the one dream of her life is realized, and that tbe man of her choice has wealth now in strange contrast with former days, and has also bid her fix the wedding-day. "No wonder," as he says, "that my note, penned the moment we landed, was returned through the Dead Letter Office with 'Address unknown' staring me full in the face. Hermine Vane was too proud to be known as 'lady pianist,' I presume. But never mind. That little game is over now, and next Christmas Eve Sir Thomas must engage somebody else. Why, bless me," and he laughed, " I had almost forgotten to drink tbe Squire's health. Had it not been lor him I should never have learned the real truth—that riches do not always win the day. There was a wedding soon in the village of Crommerton, and, as Mrs. Bragsbury herself said, if it hadn't been for her recommendation matters would certainly have taken a somewhat different turn." 