THE POSITION OF ENGINEERIN CHIEF. The course of events has placed at the disposal of the Government in the Depart ment of the Commissioner of Tablic Works an amount .of patronage which is quite unprecedented. In the nrat place, the passing of the Railway; Commissioners Act of last year cast upon them the responsible duty of filling up three highly important appointments. In regard to one of these fortune has favoured them, for they have succeeded in securing a3 the Chairman of the Board a gentleman ' who appears to be exceptionally well qualified for the position. Not only has he had extensive experience in railway matters in connection with] one of the largest and best- i managed of the English Companies, ! but he is strongly recommended as possessing sound -judgment, a capacity for, organization, and originative ability of a? high order. Such a man cannot fail to introduce into our system, of rail way! management reforms of the utmost value, and otherwise prove a great acquisition to the service. Who his colleagues are to be has not yet been announced ; indeed the recommendation of the Commissioner of Public Works upon the Bubject has not yet gone up to Cabinet. The decision is not one to be arrived at: hastily, and yet there is not much iime to be lost. Mr. Smith will 'shortly enter upon his duties, and he should find preliminaries arranged so far as it is prudent to a-range them in his absence. It is understood that the Ministry have nc intention to delay Jhe choice . of the remaining Commissioners until after his arrival. And there is not the slightest reason for their doing, so, espec^iUy ; .if they have ascertained from him ,what particular qualifications,, should in his opinion be possessed by hurtwo colleagues. It is generally recogoised that one of them should be selected because of ; his engineering knowledge, and the other on account ofhis practical acquaintance with business matters and his knowledge of accounts. ,, It. is hardly .necessary to impress ; upon the Government the im portance of choosing men thoroughly con-' versant with the work and- likely to work harmoniously and effectively with Mr. ,- Smith, for it may be assumed that they are fully conscious of what is required of them in the matter. The ? fact that they Have between fifty and sixty applicants to .select from does not tend to make their work fighter, bat after all it need not be much, of an embarrassment to them. What they hava to do is to appoint the beat men irrespective of any other claims, repl or imaginary, which may be advanced. Other thingB being equal, the man who has such claims to urge is, of course, entitled to the preference, but if they are not equal he must give way. In short, the public interests must be paramount over all private considerations. But difficult as is the task of filling up the vacant positions on the Railway Board, a* more onerous and responsible duty rests upon the Government In connection with the office of Engineer-in-Chief. The functions of this officer are so varied and so important that they cannot with safety or advantage to the public be entrusted to any one who, besides being a first-clasB engineer, is unable to furnish proof of capacity to manage the affaira and control the expenditure of a very ex tensive, department. A man may be an ornament to his profession as an engi neer; and yet be utterly unfit to take command as Engineer-in-Chief. If evi dence be needed of the vast responsi bilities resting upon this latter official it is to be found in the speeches delivered the other evening on the occasion of a Masonic farewell to Mr. Mais. That tha Engineer in- Chief must be versatile is evident, for he is also Engineer of 'Harboura and JettieB, Engineer of Railways, and con^ fidential adviser to the Government in a hundred matters ; that he must possess a special faculty for the management of men Is clear, for he has a large staff of engineers, and hundreds, it may be thousands, of men under him ; that he must have business capa cities of a high order 1b evi denced by the circumstance that it devolves upon him, as the final Court of Appeal in professional matters, to see to the carrying out of contracts and of works of all kind ; that he must be honest and trustworthy in the highest sense goes with out saying, for he has practically under his control the expenditure of millions of the public money. To this list of quali fications may be added two others which acquire special significance by reason of local conditions. The Engineer-In-Chief, directing as he does the building of railways, jetties, wharfs, and many other public works, must be) able and willing to carry out practically the principles of economical construction to the fullest extent consistent with efficiency. This is one point. The other is that he must be in sympathy with, and further — not in name merely, but in fact — the will of the people in respect to the encouragement of pative industry. This is a point upon which too much stress cannot be laid. We are not likely to be accused of protec tionist proclivities, but we have always maintained that the heads of Government departments are bound, not in a mere half-hearted and nominal way, but dncerely and to the utmost of their power, to facilitate the local manu facture of articles required by them, and to advance the interests of local as con tradistinguished from outaide dealers. This obligation has not beensufficiently attended to in tae past, and this In Bpite of the fact that Mr. Mais has been fairly amenable to reason in the matter. It may be admitted at once that it will not be easy to find a man to fill the position of Engineer-in-Chief anything like so energetic, so versatile, so capable as the gentleman who has just quitted it. He has in many respects raised the standard of fitness for the office, and : his successor need not be surprised if he is made the subject of invidious compari sons. The question is, Who 1b that sue : cessor to be? We have already stated on : good authority that the offer of -promotion to the ~ higher duties has been made jto the present. Assistant- Engineer,. Mr. W. D. LoveU; This gentleman has been in the service of the Govern* ment for several ^years, and poa BeaHes abilities of. a very high order. We have no doubt that the office of Engineer-in-Chief would be efficiently filled by him, and are not surprised that he should have been 'sonnded as .to his willingness to accept it. So far there ia eald to be a difference between him and the Government over terms. ' The Government propose -.that he should suc ceed Mr. Mais, but be content with £100 less salary. This does not strike us as being at all an unreasonable stipulation. Seeing that Mr. Mais entered upon his work at £750, that a long - time elapsed before he received £950, and that it is only within the last half dozen years or thereabouts that his salary and allowances were raised to £1,250 a ' year, there would surely be no degradation ' in Mr. Lovell's acceptance of the position ' at a lower rate, particularly as his present salary is £750 a year. However, Mr.: Lovell has the reputation of knowing his own mind pretty well, and if he. has come; to the conclusion that it would not be well* for him to take less than the amount paid to Mr. Mais, that is his own affair. What other string tie Government may have to their bow we cannot say. The suggestion that the Locomotive Engineer; Ib to be asked to accept the office cannot of course be treated as other than a canard' He Is a specialist, and whatever his capa bilities as Locomotive Engineer may be, the public know of none .that would qualify him to take charge of the con struction of railways, harbours, and jetties, and other such works. More than this at present we do not choose to say. Mr. Thow, we are Biire, is not responsible forthei rumour to which we have referred, and it would manifestly be unjust to him to take advantage of It to discuss at this stage his qualifications and disqualifications. Were it not that we received from indisputable authority the assurance, that the report was in circulation we should have treated the suggestion as a harmless bat silly joke; That the Government must set themselves seriously to work to supply Mr. Malfl's place, Is certain ; that they, .. can have no seriouB intention of applying, to the* Locomotive Engineer to help them out of their difficulty is, we should imaging ~' even more indisputable. ' Staubxics of Coppee. Pboduotioit. — The importance of the discovery of how to weld copper reported to have been recently made in America can hardly be overestimated; It will be remembered; that Borne time ago a South Australian laid claim to have found out the secret, but as nothing has been heard for a long time of his endeavours to bring the. matte? under public notice it is perhap3 safe to assume that his invention has not ' stood the test of a careful investi gation. If the latest report is correct the result will be that copper will be much more extensively tused than at present. In feet a new sphere of usefulness for it will have been opened up. At a time when bo much attention is being devoted to this mineral it cannot fail to be interest ing to readera to have placed before them, the statistics of production of Sue copper for various periods. The figures have been partly obtained from Mulhall's well kDowxx work, and partly from more recent but equally trustworthy sources. Sub ioined are the returns :— 185a I860. 1370. 1880. 1689. Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. Great Britain .. 11,803 18,640 7.220 8,660 2,600 France .. .. 2.300 2.5C0 4.8OT 6.iOO — Germany .. 1.C60 3.400 0,850 10, a. 0 14,460 Russia - - 6,000 6 600 6,500 8.300 4.875 Spain ... £00 800 1,100 86,313 48,658 Sweden „ .. 2,300 2,200 2,000 1,074 600 Austria .. _ 1,000 1,900 2,000 1,446 1,250 It will be noted that the output in Great Britain shows a steady decline, while the advent of British capital for the working of the Tharsis and other mines in Spain gave an enormous impetus to copper-mining on the Peninsula. It is within the knowledge of those who have been through the little-known, mineral districts of Northern and North west Spain that copper exists in great quantities to the west of the Asturias, but as nothing is being done with it the buried treasure is for the present a useless factor. The progress of copper-mining in the United States has been most marked, as will be Been by the under noted figures relating to copper produc tion, derived from the same sources as the= statistics before given : — I860. 1850. 1870. 1830. 1883. Tons Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. United States 2.700 6,530 lt,6oi 25,010 69,805 Chili- .. 14,200 25.100 30,00 42,916 a5,025 Australia ?_ 2,400^ 7,600 8,700 »,700 8,700 Jf o -wonder that the Paris Copper Syndi cate has been devoting most of its attention to obtaining the co- operation , of the Spanish, Chilian, and American mines. In 1881 Japan produced a little over 3,000 tons of copper, tiince then the quantity raised is believed to have increased ' to nearly 10,000 tons, but whatever the- total is most of it is retained for home- - consumption. The percentage of pore copper to copper varies sjreatly in different countries. According to Mulhall the ratio of copper to copper ore is as follows : — Germany, 3 per cent, of pure copper; Austria, 4 do.; France, 5 do.; Britain, 7 do.; Australia, 12 do.; United States, 18 do.; Spain, 2a do. The averages, however, fluctuate bo much that no reliance can be placed on these figures as indicating the permanent richness of the ore. Copper stood at £102 a ton on the London market in 1850, and the average price from 1850-60 was £98. In the last-named year it rose to £107, and since then even higher rates have been realized for brief periods. The British copper mines have never equalled their outturn for the twenty years ending 1840, when they yielded 13,220 tons of copper, with a value of £1,360,000. As regards the prospect of an expanding demand for copper everything indicates that the supply of the world wUl be in the hands of mine owners in the United States, Chili, Spain, and Australia. China will be one day in the field, but her time has not yet come. Mb. Lindsay and the Transcontinental Telegraph. — In reference to this matter Mr. David Lindsay writes : — ' In yonr snb-leader of Monday you say that I positively assert that the telegraphic interruptions were caused by the dilapidated condition of parts of the telegraph line. I object to my remarks as to the state of the line being so misconstrued. To pre vent any misunderstanding I told yonr representative that I was not aware of any interruptions having taken place on the portion of the line referred to. From Port Darwin to Kuerschener'e Ponds the tins was in perfect order. From there to Barrows* Creek in places the line was very much oat of repair. The remainder, right through to the Peake, Ib in good order.' ?Btjbqt.ary at Bowdkn. — On Monday morning when Mr. McNeioe, assistant- - 8tationmaster of the Bowden Railway Station, came on duty at half-Fast 5 Porter Eichard Hancock reported to him that ths station office hall had been broken into, and on entering be found the office safe on the ' floor with one side completely removed and all the contents abstracted. The station maBter, Mr. F. T. C. Smith, was communi cated with at once, and he reports that the total amount of money that was in the safe was over £66, The safe is an ordi nary fireproof one, manufactured by Mr. E. T. Dobbie, late of Hindmarsh, and the dimensions are as follows : — Width 22 inches, height 27 inches, with a depth of 20 inches. The outside casing was ft of an inch in thickness, and thia had evidently been prized off by some steel imple ment, and the inner casing srrashed into to get at the contents. The station hand lamp had apparently been used by the burglars, as there was a smell in the offioe as of a burning lampwick. The safe has been removed to Adelaide, and the matter placed in the hands of the detectives. ACOTDBHZ OK THB OaXBAHK- BOAD. — On Monday a party of three— Mr. and Mrs Hog&n; and another lady— were- journeying to Oakbank to Bee the races. Alter going most of the distance a mishap occurred, the trap ? being capsized and . the occupants thrown heavily .to the ground. They were all severely bruised, and Mrs., Kogan, who was badly ont and braised, had to be conveyed to to the Adelaide; Hospital* where she was admitted. Mkbtisg at Poet Elliot.— At a well attended meeting held at the Royal Family Hotel, Port Elliot, on Saturday evening, March 31, Mr. J. D. Sutherland in the chair, the following . resolutions were carried unanimously *c— 1. That it is very desirable that the Blaok Swamp and Square Water hole country should ba systematically drained, as recommended by the Conservator of Forests, and the surplus water oonserred as far as possible ; and, farther, that each block offered for sale or lease should compromise portions of the scrub and swamp lands in suitable proportions, 2\. That it would be exceedingly injudicious - to part with certain choice blocks of the Blaok Swamp and Square Waterhole oountry while the. question of draining th^se lands is under consideration of the Government, 3. That the members for the district be re quested to urge these considerations oa the Commissioner ot Crown Lands at an early date. 4. That the hearty thankB of this* meeting and of the Southern districts gene rally are due to Mr. fluasey, M.P., for the great interest he has taken in this matter,, and that the electors in tbe South generally should support him in such aotion. Typhoid at Broken Hill.— Oar cor respondent writes:—-' A good deal of dis cussion ib now going on about the conduct of the local hospital. The typhoid .fever is spreading in the district. It has been said that six persona have died from it, and that sixty others are now suffering. As many of the sufferers are poor their friends naturally apply for their admission into the hospital, which only can accommodate fourteen.* patients. Aa Dr. Groves cannot find room for all who apply for admission dozens have to be unavoidably refused. That© ia a large amount of growl without much, cash «nb scripticn to help the hoapitai authorities to nurse and cure the sick and helpless. A fine trait of feminine character waa re vealed the other day by a barmaid. A poor sonl down with fever was discovered in a corner of an hotel backyard. No one took notice of him for two days, bull at last a good Samaritan Ifonnd him by accident or he might have died. The barmaid attended to him with a natural feeling and earnestness worthy of her sex. Feverish, Hi-clad, penni less, homeless, and starving she found him, and though a stranger she was about to dis pose of her golden trinkets to save the maa's life had not some men, stricken with a- sense of duty, after admiring ths noble conduct of toe barmaid, collected a subscription The poor man recovered, but had it not been for the Christian, heart of the girl he would, in the midst of local wealth and pro sperity, have been left to die in poverty in a strange land. The public blame the doctor and committee, but never itself. Many a time has the committee met. to do business, but had to disperse for the want of a quorum, It is only when circum stances reach a crisis that a full meeting of the committee can be held, aa at present Then it meets with an air of blame all round, Bid some are indignant at the state of affairs. Eat the real fact of the case is that the want of accommodation in the hospital is due to the deficiency of public subscription to the Ibcai hospital. When some men hear of their sick mates being refused admission they insult the collectors, and would rather spend 5s. in the public-house than on the institu tion. The Government hava promised to giva £2,000 to build a hospital, but the com mittee know nothing of it, and yet tha com mittee two months ago called for tenders to build one at a total cost of £5,000. To make the Broken Hill Hospital popular and useful requires three things— first, to make the Government hand over the £2,000 at once for bondings, the committee to attend better to its duties, and the public to subscribe by opening their bands widely and liberally to the poor. So long aa the Proprietary Com pany continue to have a private hospital the local hospital will never be a success, and I hope that steps will be taken to amalgamate the two into one establishment, and thus make the Broken Hill Hospital one grand ' consolidated.' Apropos of this subject typhoid is not so prevalent as it is said to be. It was even stated one day that Dr. Groves was down with it, and the next day he was in splendid health about town. If one believed all he heard about typhoid Broken Hill should be avoided or boycotted. That typhoid exists there can be no doubt, and we should have an hospital capable of re ceiving sixty or 100 patienta.' St. Peekb's Cathedral. — We ha7e just received the statement for the year ending December 31 last of the Offertory and Aid Funds, accompanied by tha following report:— 'Ihs Wardens ars thankful that, notwithstanding a period of adversity and many wet Sundays, the income of the Cathedral has proved to be somewhat greater than that of last year. This is, no doubt, to be attributed partly to the inflix of visitors to the city, and partly to the proceeds of the Lenten oratorio. The amount of subscriptions to the ' Aid Fund ' is, however, lamentably small, and the Wardens are hopeful that with the increas ing prosperity of the colony the number of contributors may become much more nume rous, and the prospect of wiping out the deficit be assured. It is, indeed, impossible that the mother Church of the Diocese with the vicar's residence can be supported without assistance from all parts of the colony to augment the funds arising from the weekly offertory, there being neither pew renta nor endowments, as is ordinarily the case with parish Churches. In addition to the sum of £83 13s. 6d. mentioned as being in the hands of the Wardens, there ia a further sum of £424 7s. bearing interest with the attorneys of the S.P.G., amounting together to £508 10a. 6d., to the credit of the Building Fund. The Bishop desires to draw special attention to this fund, in the hope that on the consideration of these sums being already subscribed, many people who wish for the completion of the Cathedral may be induced to give liberally towards its attainment. The Bishop and Wardens have to tender their best thanks to the ladies of the Cathedral Guild for having so handsomely renovated and refitted the internal vestries, thus giving far better accommodation to the clergy for their vestments and for the various require menta of the altar furniture and choir znosic than had hitherto been afforded. The Wardens are glad to be able to state that a final arrangement has beea agreed on with the Dean and Chapter, as trustees for the See, for the purchase of the lodge, the present resi dence of the vicar, and trust that in course of tirna sufficient funds will 'be forthcoming to enable them to acquire full possessioo ; meantime interest will be payable on balance due. — On behalf of the Lord Bishop, W. Pope, Hon. Sea; F. Halcomb, Hon. Treasurer, Wardens.' The statement ehows an income of £1,033 14a. 4d., of which £822 17a. 4d. represented offertories on Sundays, £112 9s. ad. on holy days, &c.;,and £93 12a. 6d. Cathedral Aid Fund. The ex penditoxe side opened with a balance from last year of £106 19a. 6d., salaries £660 14s., organ £77 17a. 3d., Cathedral lodge £85 19a., special offertories £65 19a. Id., and the balance Incidental expenses. The debit balance was reduced from £106 19s. 6d. to £8217s. 5d. Ms. Spubgeok and the Baptist Uhioh. —At the Baptist Mission House, Hol burn, on the afternoon of February 21, there was (sayB an English paper) a further specially convened meeting of the Baptist Union Council for the purpose of considering Mr. Spurgeon's message to the Council in reply to the deputation recently appointed to visit him. Dr. Calross, President of the Union, presided, supported by Dr. Clifford CViee-President), Dr. Booth (Secretary), and about Beventy ministerial members of the Council from different parts of the country. The proceedings were protracted, and finally Dr. LTifibrd moved, and Dr. Green seconded, a resolution which was carried by 35 to 5. It waa to the effect that ' The Council of the Union disclaims altogether any anthority to formulate a new and additional theo logical belief as a bond of union to which assent shall be required ; but whilst expressly disavowing, and disallowing, any power to control belief or strict enquiry, yet,, in view of the uneasiness pro duced in the Churches by reason of the discussions, and to show out agreement with one another and rrith our fellow- Christians on the great truth of the Gospel, the Council deems it right to say that baptized into the name of the- Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we have avowed repentance towards God and faith In the Lord Jesus Christ, the very elements of a new life. And aa hi the Supper, we avow our union with one another, while partaking of ths symbol of the body of our Lord, broken for us, and of the blood shed for the remission of sins. The Union, therefore, is an Association of the Church, professing not only to believe the facts and doctrines of the Gospel, but to have undergone the spiritual change expressed or implied in them.'. The Eev. J. A. Spurgeon voted in the minority. The meet in? lasted four hours. Db. R. W. Dale as AusTaiLUS MCoir GHSGAnoKS.'— At a meeting held in the Birmingham Town Hall to welcome Dr. B. W. Dale on his return from Australia, he summed up his experiense of Australian Con gregationalista and congregations as follows : — 'As for the people, they were very much like tha Congregationalists of Kp^''*, and he ventured to tell them often that they walked far too closely in the footsteps of the English CoEgregafcionslista. They were a sensitive people to preach to. From first to last, in his discourses to them, he always felt that they were moving with him, and that there was a response to every word that came to his mouth and to the thought that those words were intended to utter. Some one had said concerning great orators that they received from their audience in vapour what they gave back in showers, and although he comld not lay claim to being a great orator, he had felt all through that bis audience did as much for Mrn as he was ever able to do for his audience. As to the ministers, let no man who could not prosper in England sop pose that he was likely 'to 'prosper in Aus bralia. ' On the whole he (Dr; Dale) had come to the conduaion that -the average colonial Congregational minister was a s^roaKerand ibler man than the average Congregational minister at home. The Australians were itrong men. They could do with preachers who were a little rough, but a preacher who had no force they could not do with. Th;o logically their ^Churches were very .much where Congregational Churches were at iome. Their inferiority in numbers to the [jhnrches of some othar denomina tions was, however, in great part due to the fact that though in some newly populated districts, when Churches were first established, religiooB people of all eiews flocked to them, they joined their own Lhurches again when those were built in con. sequence of an absence of any preaching which expounded the principles and polity of the Congregational body. He trusted that their friends in Australia were getting wiser on that point. For his own part, he had some back from the Australian Cslonies with a deeper and more passionate faith in the oentral elements of . the Evangelical creed than that with which he went out, and he bad also come back with a more assured oou fidence in those principles of polity which for 300 years had been the trust of the Con gregationalists of this country.' Wab Oraics JJbobgajtizatios.— An im portant memorandum respecting War Office reorganization was (states an English con temporary) issued on February 12. It deals first with the duties of the Secretary and Under-Secretary of State for War, the Com mander-in-Chief, and the Financial Secretary, which were defined early this month in an order to the army. It then states that the Adjutant- General, as the chief staff officer of the Commander - in - Chief, will exercise general control over the duties of the Military Department, and, in the Commanderin Chief a absence, is empowered to act in his name. He is responsible to the Commander in-Chief for the efficiency of the military forces of the Crown, for their distribution and mobilization, for the technical education of officers and men, and for the efficiency of army schools. He will be the channel for the communication of the Couunanderin Chief b orders to the army. The memorandum also defines the duties of the Qaartermaster General, the Military Secretary, the In spector-General of Fortifications ; the Dire- tors of Artillery, the Intelligence Division, the Army Medical Department, and Military Education ; the Chaplain-General, the prin cipal Veterinary Surgeon, the Accountant General, and the Directors of Contracts, Clothing, and Ordnance. The memorandum also prescribes the procedure under the new organization. Sea Communication with Sibebia,— Mr. Sullivan, an English shipowner, while passing through St. Petersburg, on bis way to England from Yeniseisk, had interviews with various influential persona there, who expressed themselves willing to support hia project for bringing England into regular com munication with .Northern Siberia. Mr. Sullivan claims to have discovered a water way which, owing to the influence of the Gulf Stream, is free from ice, and extends as far as the mouth of the Yenisei River. Mb. PTTAM'BBrRT-*TW-g Matbdiokial Is tentioks.— They have been discussing Mr Chamberlain's matrimonial intentions (says the PaU Mall OazetteJ in the American papers, and they do it sometimes with brutal frankness. One paper says 'Mr. Joseph Chamberlain is fishing in American waters fci -- biide. Ha couldn't do better than chooac his third wile from this side of the Atlantic. Such a course would relieve him from many embarrassments attendant on a matrimonial venture in Eng land. Socially Mr. Chamberlain is intensely ambitions, and in his own country he by no means slipped into society with the ease that characterized hi3 entrance to the charmed circle at Washington. The beau tiful dowager duchess, with her Primrose badge, smiled upon the orchid and ignored the screws; the bluest of the peers patted him on the back and asked him to bring Ma binocular to dinner. In short, they took him in among them, but they did not, could not, would not, make him one of them.' Pkoseuutlng Joubitaeists nr Ieelaitd. — It is understood (reports the Home News) that the Government have come to an im portant decision in reference to the future administration of the Crimes Act in Ireland. The practice of prosecuting journalists for publishing reports of meetings of suppressed branches of the National League ia, the Press Association is informed, to be abandoned, and no further summonses are to be served on newsvsndora for selling papers containing such reports. The provisionsiof the Act are in future to be used only against offences coming within the category of illegal com binations ; in other wordB, offences in con nection with the PI ^n of Campaign, boy cotting, &c.; The Terrible Tobnado in Illinois.— Full particulars are now to hand (says an English paper of February 21) respecting the terrible tornado which occurred in Illinois on Sunday afternoon. Two- thirds of Mount Vernon, a town of about 4,000 inhabitants, were literally swept out of existence within a few minutes. It had been thundering and raining for some time. Suddenly a low rumbling noiae was heard, and a black dense cloud that seemed to touch the earth Bwept over the town, and it became very dark. As eoon as the cloud passed the sky brightened, and the survivors realized the shock and loss they had sustained. Hundreds of hon^p^ were blown down, and many people were crushed in the ruins. A fire broke out im mediately among the ruins, and raged with great fury, adding horror to the situation. Cries and groans were heard in all directions. Two Churches lay a mass of ruins. The public school building and the hotel were also gone, and of a long row of business houses on one side of the square not one was left standing. The town looked indeed as if it had been visited by a violent earthquake. The sur vivors had to leave the injured and dying in order to fight the flames, which were only Bubdued after a stubborn contest of several hours. Forty-one persona are known to be killed and many others injured. The scene at midnight was peculiarly distressing. Through the great heaps of ruins men, women, and boys were struggling in their efforts to reach those imprisoned beneath the timbers and bricks. Cries came from every pile of debris. In some streets, where great clouds swept with resistless force, the dead lay in the warm rain, which mingled with their blood. Above the scene of desolation the sky was red from the conflagration, and the wind, which was blowing strongly, waa laden with the blazing brands. Such a picture appalled the Btoutest heart. Many of the survivors thought of nothing but themselves. With the flames roaring behind and upon all sides of them they fled in uncon trollable terror, over the bodies, dead and in jured, and the mass of ruins which pinned them to the earth. For hours it looked as though the victims would be burned where they lay. Ab the night wore on the survivors became braver and plunged into the ruins, where many hapless creatures lay groining and praying. Torches, lanterns, and lamps flickered over tha desolate tract as far as the eye could reach. There wa« no means of identifying many of the dead and wounded, all were so horribly crushed. In some places blocks of houses were blown down as though they had been made of cards. It was in this district that the most distressing scenes were witnessed. Whole families were buried under their roofs without warning. Old Facts in a New Light. — Some com parative tables of the population and area of the various countries of the world, taking them with their dependencies, which appear in the new edition of ' The Statesman's Year book,' presents (says a contemporary) old facts in a new light. In point of area the British Empire stands at the head of the list, the number of thousands of square miles being 9,339, Russia following doBely wilh 8,644. China, with her 404 millions, tops all the countries of the earth in population. The British Empire comes next with 307, and Russia with only 104 millions ; while France has but 71, the United States 58, and the German Empire 48. While the United Kingdom has since 1800 risen from 16£ to 37 millions, Russia in Europe from 35 to 88 millions,* and the German Empire from 27 to 47 millions (including Alsace and Lorraine), France . haa; only 3d TaDc^d from 33 to. 3^ Billions. It ia' estimated that between 1810 lind 1874 the entire population of the world ibont doubled— the figures being 682 millions ? ; it the former, and 1,391 millions at the latter period. ' '. .. . '._. ;_ .,' j4/u ?'?,:' ' ' t' r! '\:;~ ., , Mb. Ruskih os Amebicah Aur.— An imerican who recently visited Mr. Buskin lias been printing- an account of' the inter view. Among other questions put to the-, author of V Modern Painters' was one,' How Jo you like the Americana?' ' Mr. Boskin replied, 'Ye«V I like the Americana now better than I ever did before— such youth, inch energy. Their time - is not now, it is in the future. Though I admit their progress in icience, still they ' are crude ; art does not some ito :a new people; itmust.be built np with; patienoe i&nd; reverence. Some. day they will have a national school; now -they ire crude, and have no more idea or apprecia tion of a work 0: art, of a picture; than the English' have.*1^' '?'?'..-' ,'^.i'-':? .' Joskp Hofmann and His MAVAam— Mr. Abbey has (a New York telegram says) begun % suit against Hofmanu's father for breach of contract. He has seized the family's clothing, ind given peremptory notdee that the advance iates must be kept.' He says he would make from the remaining twenty-eight concerts 3f the -eighty-one contracted for at least 66,000 profit. He says he ia involved in liabilities with the orchestra! players and sther assistants amounting to nearly £5,000, md demands the reimbursement of that Bam. [t is Baid that Mr. Abbey has already made 217,000 out of the boy, and tha general' opinion is that he ought to be content Ihere is small chance that a Jury oould be found which would award him damages. A physician of repute alleges .that Hofmann U -tiling, hut three of equally good standing declare him to be in vigorous health. Fbance Complaining ot Foreign Labour. —Bordeaux is joining Toulon and Marseilles in the outcry against the employment of Foreign hands in the shipbuilding establish ments and dockyards. At a meeting held on Sunday in that town (says an English con-' temporary of February 21) to consider the matter it waa stated by the President of the Workmen's Association that out of the 3,000 members of which it was composed upwards of 2,500 were foreigners. No small sensation was also produced when Captain Djipont, the President of the Sailors' Syndicate, after-, wards declared that out of the hundred ships which had entered or leit the port of Bor deaux during the preceding week only four were French. 'We are invaded by the foreigner, both by sea and by land,' ex claimed the worthy seaman. All this infor mation waB elicited at a monster meeting of the unemployed, at which various resolu tions, cloaked in the garb of protests, were adopted. Welsh-speaking Clebgymen in Wales. — Baron Huddleston gave judgment on Feb ruary 22 (according to an English paper) in the case of the Marquis of Abergavenny y. the Bishop of Llandaff. The Marquis is the patron of the living of Goytre, in Monmouth shire, and the action was brought to compel the BiBhop to inptitute and induct the Eev. R. A. Gos8e, whom the plaintiff had pre sented to the benefice. The Bishop refussd on the ground that Mr. Gosse did not apaak the Welsh tongue. His Lordahip held that the question whether a Welsh-speaking clergy man waa necessary for a parish or not *&a; absolutely with the Biahop, and he accord ingly gave judgment for the defendant with ooBta. The Bethbxl Mabbiagb Case. — Mr. Justice Stirling delivered judgment on February 15 (BayB an English exchange) on the question of the validity of the marriage of the late Mr. Christopher Bethell, of the Cape Mounted Police, with Teepco, a member of the Baralong tribe in South Africa. If the validity of the marriage was established the child of Teepoo would be entitled to pro perty worth about £500 a year. Mr. Justice Stirling said that Mr. Christopher Bethel! left England for South Africa in 1878, and never returned, he being killed in an encounter with the Boers. Ab he waa entitled to property from his grandfather an enquiry was directed whether he was married. The chief clerk held the enquiry, and found that he had married, according to Baralong rites, a woman named Teepoo, by whom he had a child bom ten days after his death. He also reported that polygamy waa preva lent in the Baralong tribe. The question whether this constituted a legal marriage had been very ably argued before him. At first Mr. Bethell was British Resident, but subse quently the appointment was. cancelled, and he became a storekeeper, after which he joined the Cape Mounted Police. He be came acquainted with Montaioa, the chief of the Baralongs, a semi-barbarous tribe, the members of which were allowed to have one great wife and several concubines of almost equal rank. Mr. Bethell stated to Montsioa that he wanted a Baralong woman for hia wife, and in answer to the chiefs enquiries said he would marry her according to Bara long rites, and not in Church. These rites consisted in Bending the heads of a sheep, buck, ox, and cow to the mother of the girl, and were fulfilled by Mr. Bethell when in 1883 he married Teepoo. He also ploughed the mother's garden, and, according to Mont sioa, fulfilled all the requirements of a Baralong marriage, and lived with Teepoo exclusively until the time of hia death. In 1883 he signed a document directing a Mr. Roland, in the event of his death, to sell his property and buy cattle for the support of Teepoo and the child if one was born, and expressed a wish that it should be sent to school either in England or the colony, and enter the aimy subsequently. Daring this time he kept up communication with his family, and received the income from his property, but did not mention his marriage. He (the Judge) was of opinion that the relations between Teepoo and Mr. Bathell were higher than mere concubinage, and no doubt it would have been dangerous and disagreeable for him to have lived with a near relative of the chief of the tribe unless he had conformed to their marriage cuatoms. But polygamy was rife in ths tribe, and was the union one that merely bore the name of marriage, or waa it a union of one man and one woman to the exclusion of all othera for the term of their lives ? It must be remembered that Mr* -Bethell re fused to marry Teepoo in Church, although that could have been done, and there was an entire absence of any instance in which he recognised her as hia wife to hia friends. Moreover, Teepoo gave no evidence in the case, and the conclusion he came to was that the marriage was only a marriage in a Bara long sense, and was not valid. At the same time he hoped Mr. BetheU's relatives would make adequate provision for the ohildr . It is understood that this will be done. An Act of Bbavzby.— The following in cident (according to the Some News) is recorded by Lieutenant Shoenmaker, an officer of the Dutch East T^ini^ forces, in a series of sketches recently published In Holland :— Near a fortified post of our fore most lines the Achinese had planted their flag upon a hill, while on the outskirts of a wood in the immediate neighbourhood a strong force of the enemy was posted to prevent the flag from being removed. The flag was only put there to entice us out, which naturally exasperated our soldiers. Several attempts to remove it, organized by the Commandant, had entailed considerable losses, so that further attempts had to be renounced. Nevertheless, volunteers were constantly presenting themselves for the work of taking down the piece of red cloth emblazoned with the Achinese arms (a crescent with two crossed curved swords in the middle), bnt permission was as constantly refused. Hereupon the enemy came forth from their wood to taunt and revile us. So thinga had gone on for some days, when one morning a European fusilier stole unnoticed over our entrenchments and directed his steps towards the aforesaid hiU. Fire was at once opened on him, sending our officers to the bastion to learn what it was all about. In vain they called the daring fellow baok. Appearing to be deaf, he tramped forward with the greatest coolness while the enemy directed an uninterrupted fire upon him. At every moment it was expected that he would falL At last he reached the hill, stopped for a moment, and, with his hands behind his back, contemplated the flagstaff. Then he took up some sand from 'the ground with which he rubbed Mb hands, clambered up he Btaff, tore off the Achinese fl^g, drew from under' bis ooat the :Datcb flag, and, faatenedit to the pole Then he let himself to the ground, turned to wardB the «nemy, wiped hia boots with the cajrtured fhg,;and burst into a laugh of derision, while the fire, from 1 the wood was -still kept np.^ Whenfhe ot back again he was put under arrest for; fourteen days for disobedience to orders, but he Boon afterwards received the cross '''for valour and loyalty.' ? : The Cost of the Phylloxera to Fbancs. —To the end of the year 1884 the area of vineyards destroyed in France .(says.- the Borne News) amounted to about 2,500,000 acres. In addition to this range of total ex tirpation of the vine, 1,500,000 acres were, under attack being planted with vinea that were diseased, although not destroyed. M* Lalande estimates the loss on ? those .vine yards as equivalent to at least a total destroc-, ion \ of oCO^COO acres; giving a total loss of 3,000,000 acres, or half the entire' acreage of^ the French vineyards.. ' He points oat that, the damage thus inflicted on the country ia not to be measured by the mere value of the vines. This may be taken, according to the usual French allowance, at about £100 per ere, being valued according to the net returns derived from the average crops. But, in addition to this profit . or net . return,. a orther and hardly leas considerable loss io the country is inflicted by the failure of the '.labour formerly devoted 0 the vineyardB. The value of the naked soil remains, but. the greater portion of the vineyards ass situated on land unfitted for other culture. In estimating the loss in curred from 1875 to 1884 at 300 millions teiling, M. Lalande thus keepa within the iitnita of probability. With regard to the osb of the annual remuneration of labour, it: is difficult to give an exact valuation. M. . Lalande, however, considers that an approxi mate estimate may be formed from observing the importation of wine and of dry grapes that ia rapidly increasing into France, and which ia caused by the need of providing a substitute for the perished crops in the pro duction of wine. The increase in these mports has been very striking. In 1875 the value of the foreign wines imported into France was £333,000, and that of raisins or dried grapes £230,000. In 1887 these figures had increased to £21,000,000 for wine and £3,920,000 for gropes. The value of the' total importations of these articles for the thirteen, years— 1875 to 1887 inclueive— amounts to an aggregate of £152,000,000, ao that the estimate of £400,000,000 for the loss inflicted on France by this destructive peat ia probably far under the mark. When it ia considered taat this whole devastating army ia the progeny of very iew invaders— possibly of a single egg— the extraordinary energy of the prolific power of nature has never before been so signally illustrated. Nor doea there appear to be any compensation for the mischief. The best energies of French science have been worthily taxed in the struggle with the microscopic devastator,- and down to the present time tbe swarming aphis has got the better of mankind. Why Should Woman Changs heb Name at Mabbiagb?— Mrs. if. Fenwick Miller has reprinted from the Lady's Pictorial an article in which she expounds the grievance under which, she saya, women Buffer who, having made their maiden name famous, are compelled to exchange it for another at marriage. ' M. E. Edwards,' for instance, is not, and for many years has not been, what many people describe as the ** real name' of this well-known artist. Mibs Edwards married some twenty years ago a gentleman named Freer, who died ; and after some yean of widowhood she remarried with Mr. J. C. Staples, whose name, according to pre vailing custom, she would now bear, and doubtless doea bear In private life. The woman's personality has been twice absorbed in a new cognomen: the artist could not afford to part with her identity in this fashion, and as an artist we still know 'Mary Ellen Edwards.' The familiar monogram ' A. C,' or the fuller signature of A. Claiton, is the maiden name which continues to be used by the lady who has for several years been mar ried to a Mr. Turner. These artistic instances are not unique. ' Alice Havers' ia now Mrs. Morgan; 'Henrietta Rae' is Mrs. Ernest Normand. Mrs. William Oliver, the well known member of the Royal Institute of Watercolour Painters (one of the first ladies distinguished by election to that body) waa for many years after her first husband's death the wile of Mr. Sedgwick, but always ex hibited as Mm. Oliver. In any other sphere in which women work the same custom is observed. With actresses it is universal. The same is the case with singers. Mdme. Antoinette Sterling is the wife of Mr. McKinlay; Mdme. Marian McKenzie is married to Mr. Williams; that Mdme. Albani and Mdme. Marie Roze are the wiveB of their respective business managers is well known; while Mdme. Patti's attempt to call herself 'Nicolini,' as a reminder to the public of her recent marriage, was a complete fiasco. Miss Braddon is the wife of Mr. Maxwell ; Miss Florence Marryat haa borne two other names in private life ; Miss Mabel Collins is married. ' The fact is, however, that in all professions where the personality of the worker is of importance women have already learned, and have shown that they have learned, that the name cannot be lightly thrown away. The result ia a practice of using an alias. I am convinced, in short, that in the course of a generation or two the action of which Mrs. Lucy Stone in America and I in England have been the pioneers will become general. Women will no more neseasarily resign their names in wedlock than men do. It may not be generally known that there is no legal obligation on a woman to wear her husband's name. It is necessary for a woman to have her husband's consent to advertising that she intends to retain her maiden surname, and the thing is accomplished. In my own case, very high legal assurance of the truth of what I now state was obtained, as not only did Sir Charles Reed, the Chairman of the London School Board, Beek an important opinion before he would call out my name in the division lists aa 'Mrs. Fenwick Miller,' for the first time after my marriage with Mr. Ford, but in addition an attempt was made to upaet the first election for the School Board which I fought in that name after I became the wife of Mr. Ford, and the highest legal authority was consulted by the Returning Officer,, with the result that he was assured of its perfect legality— of whiofl also, of course, we had received advice on our marriage from our own lawyers.' A Dog Called Home by Telephone.— There is a capital newspaper in Boston de voted to the interests of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. It is called Our Dumb Animals, In the number to hand by the last mail there Ib a letter written by a gentleman who tells the follow ing story :—u My father owns a very fine spaniel dog, named Curley. She generally stays at my father's office. The other day I was at home sick and telephoned to the office to know If Curley was there, and one of the men said she was. I asked him to hold her up to the telephone while I whistled. Curley prioked up her ears and turned her head and acted as though Bhe knew my voice. I told her I wanted her to come home. The man put her on the floor and opened the door, and without hia saying a word she started at once and oame to the house.' Easteb Encampment.— In our fttw?'^ of the camp on Sunday we stated that the Cathedral Choir sang the hymns. It should have been the Christ Church Choir under Mr. C. J. Stevens. Adelaide and Sububban Football As sociation.— The annual general meeting is called for this evening at the Prince Alfred HoteL ABCHEB - STBBET WSSLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.— The anniversary tea and public meetings are announced for this evening. Ibish National League.— The usual monthly meeting is called for this evening at the rooms, Victoria Hall. 