CURRENT LITERATURE.. " Mr. Edward Clodd, an author who had previously, rendered good service by his "Childhood of the World" and "Childhood of Religions," 'has now added a still more important work in The Story of Creation : A Plain Account of Evolution (Longmans, Green, and Co., 1888). The value of this work does not lie in originality, but in the concise and untechnical style in which it explains for general readers a subject of abiding interest and of deepest significance. The author was moved to this service by the fact that previously existing ex- positions of the theory of evolution, amongst which Mr. Herbert Spencer's takes foremost rank, are in bulky volumes, with which few readers have the time or courage to grapple. It will readily be understood that the task was no easy one ; but over and above the inevitable difficulties of condensing and popularising at the same time, he had to deal with the hindrance arising from the lack of precision in stan- dard books on physics in the use of the terms 'force' and 'energy.' On this point he makes the following prefatory note: "When talking over this matter with my friend, Grant Allen, I was delighted to find that he had published (although privately) a pamphlet on the subject, in which rigid and definite meanings are given to ' force ' and ' energy,' as the two- fold' and opposite forms of power manifest through matter ; and in that sense, as affording the reader a clearer conception of cosmic dynamics, those terms are used throughout this book." That the author maintains tho attitude of tho true student will be abundantly clear from the following extracts from his introduction : " Be it borne in mind, however, at the outset, that although much is explained by evolution, and although no limitation to its application can be admitted within the sphere of phenomena, there remains much more than is dreamt of in our philosophy unexplained, around tho impenetrable margin of which, imagination and the sense of mystery that feeds it can play. . , Tho whence of the nebula and its potential life is an abiding mystery that baffles us. The beginnings of tho crystal are no less unknown and undiscoverable than the beginnings of the cell; the ultimate causes which lock the atoms of tho one in angular embrace, and which quicken into life the cor- puscles of the other, lie beyond our ken. And if of the beginnings nothing can be known, so is it with the things themselves, which affect us by their colour, their weight, and movement , . . We cannot make the passage from chemistry to consciousness, or transform motions of nerve-tissue into love, reverence, and hate." Naturally the interest of readers of this book will culminate at the chapter on social evolution. Here the author is clear and emphatic The keynotes of evolution are unity and continuity. All things are made of the same stuff differently mixed, bound by one force, stirred by one energy in divers forms. Force inheres in matter, energy acts through it ; therefore both have neither more nor less claim to objective reality than matter. And as science tends to the conclusion that all kinds of matter are modifications of one primal element, and that all modes of motion are varied operations of one power, perchance these three—matter, force, and energy —are one. But into these, and like speculative topics, evolution does not intrude. Dealing with processes, and not with the nature of things in themselves, it is silent concerning any theories that may be formulated to gratify man's insatiate curiosity about the whence and whither." Following the lines of the " Battle of Dorking," a Russian officor published some months ago an imaginary Bkotch of a cruiser's exploits during a war with England, and the book has been translated and ro publishcd for English roadors under the title of The Russia's Hope ; or, Britannia no Longer Rules the Waves, by Charles James Cooke, with a preface by William Beatty-Kingston. (London : Chapman and Hall, Limited, 1888.) Tho object of the book seems to have boen to stimulate tho Russian Government to strengthen its navy in a particular direction by the construction and armament of swift steel cruisers, fitted out with the nowest*ppliances of tor- pedo warfare, and to inspire tho author's professional comrades with a hopeful spirit in connection with Russia's future naval enterprises, and with an eager ambition to wrest the sovereignty of the 6eas from Britannia. The writer of the proface to the English edition remarks that whilst "to British sailors tho calm assumption that our navy is incapable of taking its own j part, and is inovitably doomod to succumb iu a conflict with Russia, may be produc- tive of mirth, it may be well that they should find matter for sorious reflection in the imaginary contosts of this book. Tho feats attributed to the " Russia's Hope," and an English prize which she turned into a coadjutor under the new namo of " The Little Son," aro simply out of all rango of actual warfare, and become monotonous by reason of the unbrokonnoss of tho record. Merchantman aftor merchant- man is sent to the bottom ; men-of-war aro disabled or captured, whole convoys attacked and scattered with immense loss, and even British harbours ruined or burnt, But extravagant as the book is, it may prove suggestive to British military authorities, by its ex- posure of tho facilities offered to foreign nations to loam the secrets of our defences, and to read our strategy, or want of it, as they might a book. Amongst the itoms that are specially interesting to readers here are the establishment of a central cruising station on the best island of the Solomon Isles Group and tho lovying of a heavy tribute on Melbourne. The Ethic of Freethought, by Karl Pearson, M.A., formerly Fellow of King's College, Cambridgo (T. Fisher Unwin, London), is a selection of somewhat heavy essays and lectures, Tho author is unhampered by either delicaoy of expression or lingering doubts as to tho deadness of religious cystoms. Ho says, " I set out from the standpoint that the mission of freethought is no longer to batter down old faiths. That has beon long ago effectively accomplished, and I, for one, am ready to put a railing round the ruins, that they may be preserved trom desecration as a landmark. . . . Starting, then, from the axiom that tho Christian ' verities ' aro quite outside tho field of profitable discussion, tho first five papers of this volume endeavour to formulate the opinions whioh a rational being of to-day may hold with regard to the physical and intellectual worlds. . . . The second, or historical, group of papers re- gards ono or two phases of past thought and life from the freethinker's standpoint" The last section of the book deals with race questions, and the author explains that in its concluding chapters ho has endeavoured to point out prohloms rather than to offer final solutions. J. W. Slater, F.E.S., late editor of the "Journal of Science," has just published a valuable manual on Sewage Treatment, Purification, and Utilisation. (London: Whittaker and Co., and Goorgo Bell and Sons, 1888.) He has brought to his subjcot 20 years' experience, during which ho haB "worked with sewago in every quantity, from a few ounces in a beaker or a hydrometer- jar to a daily flow of 10 million gallons." He has had "opportunity for examining almosteveryknown process-irrigation, filtration, aeration, as well as preci- pitation, in its many variations," and his conclusion is that "there is no one procesB universally applicable." As to the difficulty of getting impartial judgments on the various systems, the author remarks :-" Unfortu- nately there is no subject, outside the range of party politics, on whioh so much envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitabloness prevail as on the treatment of sowage." In addition to a vast amount of informa- tion as to the working of different systems, Mr. Slater supplies a synopsis of sewage legislation and abstracts of the specifications of over «150 patents, whioh have already been takon out or applied for in England. Parochial Sermons and University and Other Sermons are two volumes of discourses, by the Right Rev. James Fraser, D.D., second Bishop of Manchester, edited by John W. Digglo.M.A. (Macmillan and Co.) Most of the discourses in the first mentioned volume wero de- livered whilst tho preacher was rector of the littlo country village of Childerton. The first olovon follow the course of the Christian Year, and the rest, on detached topics, aro arranged in chronological order. Thero is no difficulty in finding in theso earlier pennons amplest evidonces of the manliness and breadth which so thoroughly characterised Dr. Fraser in tho higher office which was afterwards conferred upon him. His Bermon on " The Christian Church and the Christian Cretd " was indeed one of his later deliverances, but it fairly expressed the view point of his whole ministry. His idea of the Church as set forth in that sermon lod him to desire the rounion-on the basis not of a corrupt medievalism .but of ancient Catholioity (which is the true basis of all Protestant Churches)-of the Church of England and the great Nonconformist bodies, by whom it is surrounded, and who were once parts of its system, once more within the limits of a broader and freer ration«.! Church." It led him also to depre cate "the over-subtle and metaphysical or polemical development of the' Christian creed, anciently so simple," and to express unreservedly his judgment that "tliis metaphysical basis o£ faith, as distin- guished from a moral or spiritual one, this planting the truth in the head rather than in the heart, in for- mulas, uttered by tho tongue, rather than in principles governing tho life, has boen and is an element of weak- ness, not of strength, to Christianity." lu the second volume will bo found seventeen, sermons preached by Bishop Fraser during his episcopate, and five of his earlier discourses. The later sermons will sustain the judgment pronounced by tho editor, that " Bishop Fraser was a remarkable instanco of a man mado moro out- spoken and less official by his accossion to episcopal dignity." The latest volume of the Pulpit Commentary includes the booka of Hosea aud Jool. The introductions are by Bev. W. J. Dane, M. A. ; the expositions and homi lotics aro by Bev. Professor J. J. Given, Ph.D. D.D., late Professor of Hebrew and Hermeneutics, Magee Colloee, Londonderry ; and the homilies aro tho work of Eovs. 0. Jerdon, M.A., LL.B., A. Howland, B.A. LL.B., Professor J. B. Thomson, M.A., J. Orr, M.A., B.D., and D. Thomas, D.D. This publication is now too well known to need further introduction. Judging from the volumes already issued the editors will havo furnished quite a library by the time the work is com- | pleted. A Course of Lectures on Electricity (Longmans, ' Green, and Co., London and New York) contains six lectures q£ à popular kind. Th8 first five were pro pared for audiences unacquainted with electrical scionce, hut who were anxiouB to obtain sufficient knowledge of the subject to be able to follow tho progress now being made by its means. The sixth lecture has been added with the object of showing the applications oC tho genoral principles to one department of practical engineering. It was originally delivered at the Elec- trical Exhibition at Philadelphia, in 1884, at the request of the Franklin Institute. The author has, succeeded in presenting with great clearness the funda- mental facts which govern electrical phenomena. Astronomy for Amateurs (Longmans, Green, and Co.) is a practical manual of telescopic research in all latitudes, adapted to the powers of moderate instru- ments. The editor, John A. Westwood Oliver, has had the assistance of a great number of leading experts in the various branchos of astronomical science, and the result is a most valuable and interesting volume. The part» takon by amateurs in astronomical discovery has not been by any means inconsiderable. By their help the co-operative method of research has been made possible and successful. Armed with tho full and clear direction^ of. this book, they will bo able to do much moro in the future, and to do it with a minimum of difficulty. Mr. J. Talboys Wheeler, late assistant-secretary to the Government of India, has added to his long list of books on Indian subjects A College History of India (Macmillan and Co.). The early history ot India is traced from. B. C. 450, through the Hindoo period, the Mohammedan conquest, and the Mogul empire; and the Anglo-Indian period is dealt with under three divisions-the intermittent wars 1772-98, the poriod of paramount power 1798 to 1836, and the Victorian ora 1887-87. Each chapter is conveniently divided into soctions with marginal headings. The style is clear and concise, and the progress of the country's develop- ment is further illustrated by a series or earefnlly compiled maps. Chaldca forms tho subject o£ tho latest volume of the " Story of the Nations " (T. Fisher Unwin, London ; G. P. Putnam's Sons, Now York). The writer is Zéuaïdo A. Bagozin, member of the Société Ethnolo giquo, of Paris, &c;, and he has treated his subject as a genoral introduction to the study of anoiont history. Going back to the earliest records of the "Mound builders," he traces the de- velopment of Chaldea down to the rise of Assyria. First, as Mesopotamia, the country is described in the light of Layard's explorations, and of tho library of Nineveh. The chapters following, on the nomads, and settlors, and the beginnings of reli- gion, aro particularly interesting. Legends and stones, early heroes, and tho " Mythical Ep03," ara also presented in a style which makes tbo reading delightful. But, from a student's point of viow, the most interesting chipter of all is tho closing one, which deals with the relation of religion and mythology, on the basis first laid down by Max Muller, in his work on " The Science of Language." The author of "Notes on Daniel vii." has now pub- lished a kindred work on Prophecies Concerning Engiartà and Egypt in the Last Days (James Nisbet and Co., London, 1887). The outlook for England is rather doleful, aocording to this book. The author iden- tifies England with " Ephraim," and, just as Ephraim's I father, Joseph, was envied of his brethren, so he repro- | scnts England as the envy of many nations. France and , Russia aro to head the general conspiracy against her. The confidence of this prophet, or interpreter rather, for he base3 his evil forecast on Scripture, is suoh that he i enters into very full details both as to the conspiring I Powers and tho manner of thoir assaults. Yet in his preface he modestly characterises his book as " suggest- ive, rather than exhaustive." The fact is it is both. The author expresses a fear too that it is " discursive," and of this he need have had no manner of doubt Tlie Island; or, An Adventure by a Person of Quality, by llichard Whiteing (Longmans, Green, and Co., 1888), is a romantic account of a prolonged visif to Pitcairn Island by an English Lord. The description of the Island and its inhabitants aro given from the view-point of an ardent admirer. Of course, the young Lord falls in love with the Chiof Magistrate's daughter ; but, unlike what might be expected under such circumstances, the conversations between the visitor and his host are made a means of expressing much sound philosophy as to the varying conditions of life in England and on Pitcairn. The book is both racy and suggestive. The Congregational Tear Booh, 1888, edited by Alexander Hannay, D.D. (London: Hodder and Staughton), contains the proceedings of the Congre- gational Union of England and Wales for 1887, genoral statistics of the denomination, and other mis« cellaneous information. The principal items in the book are the elaborate addrosses by the chairman of tho Union, Bev. A. Mackcnnal, D.D., on "The Witness of Congregationalism," and "The Life of the Spirit," Amongst tho announcements in the roporfc for the yoar 1887 'are two which must bo specially gratifying to all concerned; the transfor- mation of Springhill College, at Birmingham, into Mansfield College at Oxford, and the increaso of the Jubilee Fund to £400,000. The book supplies very full informatiou regarding colleges and professors, colonial and missionary churches, general religious and benevolent institutions, architectural descriptions of new churches and schools, and an alphabetic list of all ministers conneclod with tho denomination. The following new books and now editions have also been received:-Lecoq, the Detective's Daughter, a sonsational novel, by W. Busnach and H. Ohabillat (London: Vizetolly and Co., 1888). The Foun- dation of Death, an elaborate and very com- pleto study of the drink question, by Axel Gustafson and Zadel Barnes Gustafsoo, fifth edition, rovisod (London: Hodder and Stonghton). A now and revised edition of A Short History of the English People, by John Bichard Groon, Honorary Follow of Jesus College, Oxford, with maps and tables (Macmillan and Co., 1888). A third edition of Life's Battles in Temperance Armour, by Thomas Whittaker (Hodder and Stoughton). A now edition of Lessons on Prescriptions, and the Art of Prescribing, by W. Handsel Griffiths, Lit D., L.R.C.P.E., &c.; (Macmillan and Co., 1888) Pour Ghost Stories, a thoroughly in- teresting book, by Mrs. Molesworth, author of " Heathorcourt Boctory," &c; (Macmillan and Co.). 