RITUALISM IN THE DISTRICTS OF CASSILIS AND GULGONG. Ritualism, alias sham Popery, is on the increase in the diocese of Newcastle. We have lately come across a correspondence between one of the ritualistic so- called priests, and a gentleman in the districts of Cassilis and Gulgong. It is highly characteristic of the sect. We have the customary assumptions, perversion of Scripture, and ignorance of history, and of others outside the ritualistic faction. We have the ordinary denunciation of "sects," " sectarianism," and "separa tists "; the writer forgetting that he is a sectarian, and a separatist trom the true Episcopal Church, whose doctrines he condemns, and whose character he tramples under his feet. While denoun cing others not within the pale of Epis copacy, he iB very liberal in his censures of the honest and true Episcopalians who cling to the apostolic faith. But, from circumstances which, may account for his anathemas, he is specially antagonistic towards the Presbyterian Church. It is possible that he finds Presbyterians with character, intelligence, and love towards their Church, more than sufficient to see through his ritualistic and pro-Popish teaching, and whom he cannot persuade to follow him. He forr gets, also, that Presbyterians constitute a Church, and a very large one, on the face of the earth; while he himself iB: only a member of a sect which has recently risen up within another Church, and which, after it has played its part, will sink into the insignificance which its merits deserve. We give a few extracts for the benefit of our readers and of the Presbyterians and others in the district of CassiliB : — 1\. " Three hundred years ago, Presby- terianism started with a definite creed, for which men would and did die. How many Presbyterians believe the Presby terian creed now ? Are there any ?"— This must be rare news for our Presby terian readers. This gentleman does not know that Presbyterians — if they thought the fact significant, and would expend time and labour in the inquiry — might be able to trace their Church back to apostolic ages. Through the early British and Monastic Church they might be able to trace their line of apostolic succession, long before Popery existed, and therefore 1800 years before the Anglo-bantling, ritualism, made its appear ance in a nest to which it did not belong. But Presbyterians have more sense than to trouble themselves about such ecclesias tical and cheap antiquities. It is hot sin gular, however, to hear a disciple of Pusey, Newman and Co. express himself as above ; but a man of ordinary intelligence knowB better. The Presbyterian Church is making rapid progress throughout the world, and is > tne recognised enemy; of Popery, and its cdgener Ritualism,- which is the secret of the. animus towards Presbyterianism. .> ,n 2\. — " Calvinism' is dead."— Whether dead or alive, right or wrong, it is' part of the creed of the Episcopal Church, and should be the creed of this ritualist who disowns it. But, we have become accustomed to men retaining their posi tion in a Church, while denying its creed'! This gentleman in his correspondence talks about the faith as taught by Augus tine. He should have known, and we now inform him that Calvinism was only a revival of the doctrine specially taught by Augustine. For his enlightenment let us quote, not from " hosts of the best of the earth," but from the philosophic Carlyle, no obscure and incapable obser ver of the times ; — " Old godlike Cal vinism declares that its old body is now fallen to tatters, and done ; and its mournful ghost, disembodied, seeking new embodiment, pipes again in the winds—a ghost and spirit as yet, but heralding new spirit worlds, and better dynasties than the dollar one." — We do not discuss the merits or demerits of Calvinism. It is however a mighty fact in the religious and philosophic consciousness of the day'; and, judging according to human history, and perhaps the constitution of the human mind; -the principles of Calvinism, religiously and philosophically, will retain a powerful hold upon a large portion of the human family, until the end of the world. — Calvinism dead! As well say that the sun shines not. Another fact is that Calvinism shatters Popery and all its empty imitators. It holds no com promise with Popery, whatever some of its disciples may do ; and is consequently a sore grievance of the modern bantling ritualism. ' 3\. — " Some Presbyterians and Romanists speak of seven sacraments." — This com bination is an indication of very defective intelligence. The former speak of seven BacramentB only to deny five ; while the latter uphold the Beven. One cannot but wonder where such Presbyterians could be found. The " shorter Catechism " was originally intended for " those who are of weaker capacity." We recommend our Presbyterian friends to present this: rit ualist with a copy of said Catechism, in which he will find a theology which would improve his 'present theology, as well' as increase his knowledge; , :l > w 4\. — In reference to admission to the Lord's Table — he himself having notable, but something whiclj „he calls an altar — he forgets the Presbyterian rule, hut asserts that " a strict Presbyterian would not admit a Churchman, jor a member of any of the emotional sects, to his com munion." — He evidently knows nothing about'the Presbyterian Church. We do not believe that, a Presbyterian minister or congrega tion! would forbid any consistent Christian, whether Churchman or emotional-sect- man, the .privilege of sitting down at the cdffimunibn table. Wb even venture to sa'tbat if this ritualist should express'a Wish to sit at the communion table :of the Presbyterians, they will not forbid- him: It'is-tiot in the least likely, however, that they would reciprocate by going to, his pretended altar, which has ntf sacrifice! 1 He supposes that certain ! Rieeti'ngs shall hb suspended until he can "! give up 4he' 'Christian for the Meekiah religion." —The Christian versus the - Meekiah re ligion! The explanation is- that the Rev. Wv H. Meek is -the Preshyteriah clergy- 'm'jto of the district, and as such; is the laiitagonist of Popery and its mimic rit ualism. Hoggins is the name1 of "the would-be priest who speaks of the Pres byterian Church in this manner. Suppose by'way of the argument ad hominem' \\\iyA, we speak of the Hogginiah 1 religion, which" commenced less than - fifty years ,ago- ainder Messrs. Pusey; Newman, - and Ce.i Meekian is far more euphonic than Hoggihian, and we certainly prefer the venerable Presbyterian to the- modern -Hogginian. Those who live / in : glass houses 'should not throw stone'sr, , iiMl-if? : :;6; — -He accuses his correspondent of»inl jfluencing episcopalians in favour of contri- (butihgitowardsthe Presbyterian minister's (salary;, and " can only- grieve, that a false religion " the sound Protestant. Preshy- Iterian, we presume " should have brought aii good ; man bo -low." — The - ioffeDding .Episcopalians are evidently gladito hear :.the Gospel from the- lips of a- Presbyterian -clergyman,1 and having tasted the good yvord of life, will no doubt continue their /attendance at the services of the said Presbyterian minister, and also contribute -towards his support! i We havb reason .to believe that Presbyterians in the bush, are sometimes liberal in their support of liberal Episcopalian Ministers.:!; In - one case which could be mentioned, it . is i db'ubtful whether an EpiscopalianMinister : (could have lived but for the support of the jPresbyterian8. According to the reason ing, "of Mr. i Hoggins, the Presbyterians must have become" very low" — in morals : and religion, we presume— in helping to support an Episcopalian ! If he had been .a: ritualist, a corrupter of the Gospel,.. a .sham priest, a Romanist in- disguise, they would have become-very low indeed ;. but he was not a; member of this sect, - and they, did: well in helping him to preach .the/Gospel. . Ul -i/jWe.have no doubt but that, in various -.parts of j the colony, Episcopalians receive fhelptifrom Presbyterians ; and the .time has. come when the latter 'should make ;<inquiries as to the doctrines and practices :of;the former. An Episcopalian Minister . no longer carries credentials for soundness in !the faith, by ; the fact that he is an Episcopalian. He may be one whose true -.home: is in the Church of , Rome, i , In /Episcopalian guise he may he one whose -teaching and practice tend in the direc- ition; of, Popery, Presbyterians should make, inquiries as to the clasB to which an .Episcopalian Minister belongs, before they .identify themselves with' him, lest they .hecpme " very low " in denying their, own principles and favouring ' the advance of ;disguised Popery. . , . , ,i ...u; . Episcopalians have a right to distribute Iheir property as they think: proper, (Without consulting any would-be .priest1; jaqdj iwhen, they find,, after having I. been left, like, sheep without- a shepherd,.-, that they .profit by the services of, ai Presby terian Minister, they doiwell to contribute .towards his support, that he may be able jtq preach the .Gospel to them iand ojbhers. Of one thing they . may be assured — -they, jwill never! hear,-/fromi<his -lips principles which are Popish in 'their origin ?and tendency. . i -8 r, We have not ' exhausted the offensive Items, found in this correspondence.-- We may return to the subject. ; , :-; 