LAKE CHARM: (raout oUa own 'CORBasPOiDEsT.) t. Harvest time is with us once more. With many farmers the time has arrived without the harvest, for the pitiful, wretched yields preclude the use of that term to designate them. Hundreds of acres in this district will never be reaped except by the stock, which are now picking the few scanty heads of wheat that were never intended for them when sown. This inu many cases cduld have been obviated by autumn- irrigation. In fact the only crope worth harvesting are either those .that 'we'rirrigated in the autumn, or those that iregrowing on sandhills, which need very little moisture to bring them to maturity. The spring irrigation has not been an- .utiqualified success except in those padldocksthat were alse irrigated in ihe autumn, thioieason of this being that the slight shd'ters caused the seed to shoot; and the subsequent dry weatl er mtltled:it- throyl not having sufficient nmoisture in the, glnnd to keep the plants alive, hence the -spring irrigated crops are generally thing patchy and backward. Some of the farmers are making bhay when over the howling it ind permits them to do/ tso whichi cti-n' average i3as no -n iS2 1 tlieir iimo since they comumcee.:Cd to tho present. ' The wheat in some of ! -., loiredr padIfocsi is ripening fat o r beak hyitrustrnoy r -drat--sin, healthy.,L m i.'; "~o different to thI, strickel crops of iast. ear. -Mr.E..:. the .fortunateo ossessor of a nice paddock of "wheat 'which hs irrigate,i the autumn frori jnke Chartm. The loves and healthy appearance speaks of good ans careful cuiltivation, which would, however, "have ben, all abortive but for the second irrigation. Messrs. D. Allen, J. Stevenson and W. Polkinghorne, also- have good crops iiriated by 'griviitation from Third Lake. This is a season that ought to end all captions criticism regarding irrigation. Gaunt ghosts of sheep stalk. sadly along our roads:.: They have.fought their way through froni the drought stricken districts of New.South Wales, leaving a train of dead and dying :behind them. Wherever they-'can penetrate these poor hunger. shrivelled quadrupeds perform the func tions- of the locusts of last year, only more eflecthally; a how they linger by these likies;" andi vho can blame them ? Paes on libor 'jiumlbiteks," yeoi have earned another :lease of life if perchance, for the sake of his own pocket, -your owner: has purchased gool,.pastures for you. You are but another .mnplification 'of :the ,way the lower tlimals must suffer- for the.greed of gain I.ieli impeos owners of .runs, after a good asuun or two, to systematidally overstock thefmt.', Let tis hope that .by means.of waiter cbiiservation aiid irrigation of grass lands this state of.things may be amelio raited, if not altogether abolished. It lies quite .witiiin thelscope ofinan's ingenuity to accoiinplislh thisi and- 'if owners of "Itierina =properties iseuld beo satisfied with more moderate profits snd .put the balance to inilprosving water storages, lock ,ing rivers and irrigating. grass lands when seasons like this occur; it'would.be to their -utiimate. benefit send alleviate the misery of tlherooor aniiimals who silently suffer that their owners many in may.caser enopy li~ves of idilenss: and lnxury in Melbourne. I'uttin. aside their .,d?ty " to the lower niiimals .and appealing to no higher stanldard Iti?nthe:breeches pocket, it woiial .till.beh is riight thingl to:'do. iMuch of hlse hlssuil ojit. 'itertli .of ni a, s?t jolu i Y:t isL i's bing purchased by :i :eodpany, .for s?lhat purpose appears to be :lk?own-oIn;;-f to daevlop lthe ius,_?ir sit incutis like and wait fir furti?r dlosi:piian s or , ctopus like ozercise .thieirab'sorient qualiti?e at the expanse of the prtgra s of .the district, we should :be bettiervithout them, but the fact remain'S they l -re hlire, .and as the country thely have acquired cd n be' easily irri gated by gravita:ion,- anil is specially adapted- for -intense' culture, let us hope ere0 lonig to see it put to better lises thian it liasbeen iri'the past. With s cnittig i nds regiulating .oriksat Kangaroo Lake, and thoiisaihds of acros of natural" wiitcr siorlu es to draw from, this liand must..boe fir more -valuiable than. any. dep'eaudi onligo ifi teriittent flow of a .trivmr.oruilpoiPulTuplipmn,which, after all, is by fair tle m:iost . expensive part of irri gasionn - SThlee appears to be:a splo.lidi crop of s'alt t.?fr.'Coiland's'laikea;ieneroop, the ilelmosit -this-;year being .uiually heavy anid tf'e icopiinmalnl:?dgood.tlity, and men are .nolw; Blasily, engagead s.o'herying and stacking ,this .ery essential : eom?nodity. - Tliesoe:natuiral ilposits of salt sire.;withia: eas..distance df Iserang, and well ws?ortha lsit : fromii t6holieAivo -hive never .ssen the- 