THRICE is ' shille SOr ietaphbr, 'faiiliar to almost everyone,.in wbics .is represented *a mountain bringiig 'foittl a mouse. Of course such an abnormal act of parturition has never happened, for the-beest of all reasons-it is'a physical impossibility. What is shadowed forth, howevey, Ey tha:,figure.of speech is an: undertaking, with gigantic equipment, which miserably, fails .in its objebt--great pipaira tions and microscopic results-a mighty flour ish of trumpets followed by a procession of two persons and one horse (sometimes no horse at all). Instances of this sort of thing are.krwgn to everybody,?rsometimesthey are furnished by Parliaments and sometimes by Municipal Councils. Indeed, our own Council. have just supplied the world with one more example. For a considerable time prior to Friday lastithe deficiencieself the wadt~sifYks department were being constantly expatiated on, and it was finally decided that an inquiry' should be held into, the working of that arm of the civic service. on .this determipation beboming kiniowa i to~ te ratepayers, consider able satisfaciloi-wra telt; ?o? it was naturally supposed that, things having come to a head, at last a rigid investigation would be made, and the wtktei-'rkiighoit' ,aid fo'r ever. We' are free to admit that this was our anticipation also, and, as we have' already remarked, it was p~ erynatural one. : Time,.te great reveaier, has however phown to the ratepayers-and to us-that we don't Io ? 1i~ there is to be known about Municipal Councils. It really seems that we have still something to learn of the mysterious operations of that assemblage, of. wisdom componly , termed City Fathers. Vorily some of their.ways are past finding out --especially their way of conducting what they humorously call an "inquiry." If any ordinary person or persons had been entrusted with such an investigation they would have set about it by a;'different -method. Wit nesses would have been summoned and ex amined,: thb :*?iginee1t'buld have beenh minutely interrogated, a competent and im partial hydraulic engineer would have been instructed to inspect the machinery and watch its working for a sufficient length of time, and then his opinion and experiendce woula have been consulted. This has not been done, and the result of the " inquiry" is extremely dis appointing. Until 'the course we have in dicated, or something very similar, is followed, rumours and insinuations will flourish as of yore. The ghost is not laid, and it will grin in just as ghastly a fashion as it did before w.fieqv'Er an opportunity presents ites]f, and tobmntimes it will make bpportunitie. iThe result of the "inquiry" is a matter of deep regret, and it has caused not a oittle just indig nation. A good many people are of opinion that it was little-if anything-better than a firce, and everybody is agreed that the now f.unaus ' waterworks inquirers" came in like lions and went out like lambs. NEVER, perhaps, was there so much talking and writing about children as in our own day. What shall we do with our children ? and What phall we do for our children 1 are ques tions which may be said, at first view, to be purely domestic questions, to be discussed in the privacy of home, in evening chats between parents, after the juveniles have been disposed of snugly for the night. But the solidarity of humanity comes in as an element or factor in the discussion, and requires to be taken into account in any decision as to practical pro jects. Societynraises its voicein the utterance of public opinion; and, in our own century especially, much organised endeavour, well directed, and fruitful in sanitary and moral results, has been put forth in the interests of l ý pg . It is the glom of our tiiie that ietyrecognises the claims of thie children to protection, to education, and to equipment for the manhood or womanhood which is before them. '.That this' is no empty boast anyone may discover who chooses to refer to the condition of things, as regards educational and social matters, at the opening of the century which is now approaching its last decade. We fnd that the principal agencies for the education of the children of the working classes at the close of last century were the " dame" schools, taught by venerable grandmothers who re produced, in their modes of management and tuition, the antiquated methods of their oWn childhood. There were a few institutions, galed !'pharity"'shools, in wjichelqtiedtafy lessons were given to a few children foLrwhom entranee was, with difficulty, obtained. Such schools did' but little for the masses of the people, and could exert .ery little influbnce upon'the.intelligence and morals of society. To the credit of, ROeRaT RAItEB, it must be said that he and hiii eodjutors in the Suan da~-School movement were the real originaajos of the popular day-school epoch. They had, shown that it was possible to work an educae tional scheme stematieally at least one day li the week ; and, by eai.esy process of reasen ing, some well-disposed persons came to .the monelusion that a school.ought to be ondnoted throughout the weekl. In 1796, Jboeara LWxceam n initiated his' school, which, *o. .years later, numbered' 1000 scholars. At. id wit's end for helpers, the young Quaker, {( he was but twenty years of age) adoptd the monitor system=-.e., he employed the older ones among his pupils to teach the yodigpr ones. Dr. BELL, acontomporary ofLuio-sran, alab originated day-schools, but on adenomi~ tional basis, and was very suceissful. In 1807, theeducationalinstitutions of Larc?sTer were formed into the " British and Foreign School Society," and those of BELLT, into "the 'National Society foxr the Eddostion of the Pdr ;inl the Principles of the Established Church:" The former was the progenitor ? ! the National, and the latter of the Denomini tional, systems of later years. ! ' The iptereets of thp children were cha-, pioned, later. on, by many philanthropists, notably the'late Earl of Sn&rraseurw.; PoorD little waifs of the streets were' hodie' ar?4 taught; and the,habite of . working, and, ih deed, greatly over-working, children in mines and factories was attacked with vigour, and W?ltimatlyr suppreeed by lgidative- ent i,- '. - . ? ,, . - , .. a, '.. The various efforts to .bring about the 9e cognition of the rights and requirements of children in the matter of education became pt length eptirejy successful; and, in our dar, wherever popular constitutional governmept prevails, abundant and 'excellent provision is made, by the conatiuotion of school buildings and by effective administ?qtion and tuition, tojgive the yojng.a fair.start in life. In the Australian Colonies the public educational institutitns are'regarded with justifiable pride. It is hot often thit an opportunity is ufforded tor the coinparative study of evidences of the methode,'proeesses, and reiults of the school systems prevailiig in the different Colonies. But sict an" opp~rtunity is now ofered in the Educational Courts of the Centennial Exhibi tion now being 'held in Melbourne. The Colonies are each represented by a compart ment in which themaps, home-lesson booVs, plain and fancy needle-work, &c.;, of the scholars are displayed. Our own Colony:was the.last to be seeady with its eductional ex Jibits, but those who have paid them a visit of. inspection are in no respect ashamed of the evidence afforded of the high-lass primary education which is given in our Public Schools. In the court is displayed a very suggestive map, supplied bythle Education Department, showing the distribution of the State Schools over the area of our immense territory. As the number of the red dots on the map are counted, each one "representing a school; the observer is impressed with the magnitude of lredpcational system of the oo?op while, as h~b yj;isathb exhibitsed work, heMitsvur. ably impressed with the quality of the results. 