The IBiicon-S Iiaks|»carc Theory. . Bt " Romko." After being laid aside for some eonsidor. able time, this Bubjccb has onoe mora bcon mnearthed, and tho litorary world is roused into aolivity by. tho .utterances of oorlain individuals who are ondoavoiing, stop by step to advance a theory tluit alunspcavo was not tho author of the plays and poems reputed to him, and that lie had not the brains, knowlodgo, or onlightonmont to merit suoh claims of compeusution, or entitle him to tho honor of boing tho orgiuator of suoh works ; but, that Francis Bacon, the great ,4vl philosopher, was the only man living uv thnt MtV time who eould have suoh knowledge of tho . N world, as the author of suoh works must hnvo had, to bo capable of writing thom, nnd that for Bomo reason or othor boing desirous of concealing his numo, ho adoptod tho nom de plume of i-linkspoaro, tho latter receiving n remuneration for the uso of it. His (Bacon's) position as Viscount St. Albans, and also his dosiro to work hiinsolf up into a high position at Court was one reason nd- vanc d for him boing so anxious to clo.ik his namo, plnywriters and aotors not bciug liold in such a high roputo thon as they uro now. Mr. Donnelly accuses tho poot of immoral praoticos, which nocossitatod him being foroed to a marriago witli n woman oiglit years his senior. But who knowB but tlioro might havo' been a previous ' troth-plight" or contract of marriage, (whioh is roibrrod to in " Wintor's Talo" act 1, scone 2, and was thon rogarded as actual marriago. there being no immora'ity or oriminality alleged, provided that tho marriago was oolebrated in a reasonable time afterwards, una of tlio Burgesses of Stratford, Abraham Sturlcrv, writing to a friend in London ou Jauuary J4. 1598, when tho immortal bard's reputa tion - had boon established, says : — " Tt aoemoth that our countryman, Mr. bhuk- epearo, is willing to disburso somo money upon some odd yard or other at Shotlery. ' Ae Shottory was tho 1 irtb placo of A 11110 Hathaway, the post's wife, and was still tho residence of lier friends, it goes clearly to provo that tho poot had no painful associa tions in oonnoction with his marriage, shortly after his marriago he fell into the eompany of some wild, disorderly young men, no doubt in oonscquonco of the seem ingly hopeless ombnrrossmonts of bis fatliur, and other troublos, and in his endeavor to drive dull caro away he joined them in stealing deer in tho paik of Sir Tbouiaa Lucy. Such an offence as this was con sidered pardonable iu tho timo of Elizabeth, and was a favorite amusement ou a moon light night. The squire prosecuted tho poet with great severity, and ho retaliated by writing a ballad against Lncy, in c ui- Ecqncnco of which tho prosecution was doubled, and Skakepeare fled to London. And if evidence ii wonted it is in the ' 'Merry Wives of Windsor, " where to show bo bad not forgotten it, he makes some satirical .illusions all ut tho L icy family. WheqSlendersays, "The8hullc.ws.mny have tho dozen lienor in theirooat, " and tho justice is 'indignant ut Fnlatuff for killing his deer, it can easily bo perceived that his wit is levelled nt tho Luoy's, whose co it of nuns was throe luces and tlio ullusion " killing his deer, " has reforeneo to the aovority exercised toward the pdoticnl d'er stealer. To London thon went Shakspnare, and it it not unlikely that the fame of his talents had preceded him. It is also probable that ho had become acquainted with some actors at Stratford, where lie had plenty of. oppor tunities of becoming known to thorn. In 1569 when Shakspeate was about five years of age, we bear that tbe Queen's company of players performed ill 8' rntford, palroniFod bv tbe corporation, and there is no doubt that bhuk?poare'a father, who held the positions of Alderman and Chief Magistrate at thaltime was present, and his son Willi im would have been sure to accompany him. In 1570 tho Karl of Leieostor's p'nyors visito ! r' the placo. and in 1577 .two companies are mentioned— those of tho Earls of Warwick and Woroestcr— and in 1687, there were no less than fire compnnios present during tho year, and porhaps tho poet bolongcd to ono of these companies, for this was just a your after ho hod left the towu, wlion oiroumstanees had fbrced-him into active life, und ho had adopted the perilous and oxoiting life of tho stage. That bo attained considerable profi- oieney in tho art is fully upheld, but his fauio as an author eclipsed bis reputation as an actor. Howe says that ho hoard tho top of his performance was tho ghost in his cton Hain'ot." But a greater authority, phett.c, who was a contoroporary of I lio poet, and had Beon htm porform,. states that " he was excollent in the quality ho pro- fossoi'." Aubrey says that " he did act | oxcoediugly woll." Hero Mr. Doimoily has ui'ndo another mistake, for is it likely that Bacon would thrust greatness upon a oall- boy or a horso-liolilor, as Mr. Dounolly says lie was. It would bo moro likoly that he bad established a great reputation as au actor. I hat lio must lmvo dono more than aoti jg is fully borno out by some pupors found in liord EUesmora's collodion, it boing slated that as early as 1589, two years aftor ho had arrived in London, ho liceaino a sharer in tho Blaokfriuts theatre, whioh was tho prin cipal plaoa of nmusomont nt that time, liis nnuio being twelfth on a list of sixtoon. It is probablo thnt Shnkspcuro's first attempts wore tho remodelling of somo of of tho old plays. Eov a drnmntio poot, Kobort Groeno, wrol.o a traot. ctvllod " A Groats Worth of Wit bought for a Million i.f b'cpontnnco," iu which lie advises tlirco of his brother dramatists. He tell them not to ro'y on so lriean a stay us tlio stage, and adds, " fqr tlioro is an upsturt orow boautifi, d wiili our foatliors, lliat, with his tiger's heart wrapt in a player's hide, supposes lio is' as woll able to bombast out a blank vorso as tlio best of you, and being an absolute1 Johannes Fac-totum, is in his own concoit tho only bhako-scoiio in a . . country.'! 1 Tlio, torm " Shake-seeuo " is a palpable . .allusion to Shakspearo, and tho words, " his tiger's heart wrapt in u player's hido," are a parody on a liiio in tlio third piirt of -'King Uoury VI." " O tiger's, heart wrapt Iu. a woman's liiito," This lino also ocourB in tho old play, "!_Tho truo , trugodio. of Richard ' Duko of York." The expression "beautified with our own foatliors," convoys a ohiirge of plagiarism, and it therefore cnti bo infarrod that Shak spearo was engaged, in remodelling - some' of the old plays whioh somo of his crntompor- aries, Grcono, Murlowo, Lodgo, and Pooloj had written. Whon Grcono diod, Ohottlo ' pub lished this tract, aud tho pussngo 'which is quoted nbovo garo groat offence ti .both. Murlowo aud Shakspearo. Somo time otter, Chottlo wrote, " Willi noithor of thora ' that take offence am I . acquainted, and with ono of thorn . (Mnrloivo) I dare not if I novor . be. The . otbor -(Shnk- spcara) whom nt that limo I did not spare so n-uoh as sirico I wish I had, for that us I lmvo niodora'.od tho boat of . living writers, and might havo used my own dis cretion, ospocially in such a case, tho author being dead, that I did not I am as sorry as if tho origiual fault hud boon my fault, because myself have soon his demeanor no less civil than lio cxcollcnt iu tho quality ho posses os j besides, divors of worship havo reported his uprightness of dealing, whioh urguos .his honesty, and his facetious gruco in writing, liiut upproves his art. This statement is a vory valuable ono, inasmuch that it- loaves good testimony as tu cihukapcare's worth us an uiithor. Wny thou, docs Mr. Dounolly hido tlicso statements p I'ho authority nbovo quoted is far more ro'iablb and liiuoli bettor than thoso lie quotes, and what belter testi; liion y as to tiio rujiulatiou uou (1 you require than tlio uLtorauecs of persons ivlio lived at that name timo us lie. und knew him P W hat oould bo hotter than this from Jonson's deli berate testimony as to tho geuius and quality of his h-iond p "I loved I he man and do honor his momory on this side idolatry, as much as Any. Ho wiu indeed Inmost, and of nu open and free nature, had cxcollcnt phan tasy, bravo notions, and genllo expressions, wherein lio flowed witli that facility tliut- somotimes it wua nocessarv ho should be stopped; sultlaminandus orat, as Augustus said of Flulorius. His wit was in his own power. Would the rule of it hud boon too ! Many times ho fell into thoso things which coul, 1 not escape laughter; us whon he eaid in tlio person of Ceesnr, one speaking to him: Cicsur thou dost mo wroug; lio ropliod, "Ciojardid novor wrong butwith just cause," and such like; which wore ridiculous. But ho redeem 'd his vicos with his virtues There was ova more ill him t J bo praised tliun pardoned." If wo aro to doubt suoh statements ns tlioso, what must wo buliovo P It is certain that .Mr. Donnelly looks only lit the worse sides of human nature, for lio nttneks the character of Boil Jonson also, but still for nil thnt lio makes no soruple to acknowledge his famous lmo "Aa.! though t .o i h.uls small Latin unit less Gr.ok.' as ovidonoo in adva-icouient of his thoory, seeing I list the author of the plays must have had a good knowlodgo of both languages. Biit everybody knows wlmt a sovoro critic Jonson was, his standard of scholarship being vory high, lie himself boing n complote master of both languages. But ha this as it tnay, Aubrey hoard from a Mr. Boeton, who was connrolcd' with the playors, that Slmksponro "understood Latin vory woll, for lio had boen in his joungor yours, a school master." If. than, in his younger years, of which comparatively littlo is known, ho had been a schoolmaster, would ho not h ire than been ublo lo read, and. giro himself an Education, whioh, nddod to his genius, wonld fit him to compote with thoso who wore not self-taught ? in 1595 tho Bltick- friars company' erected tho Gloho Thontre. In the voar iC13, tho Globo Thoatro was burnt down, and lioro possibly perished sonic of Sbakspaarals manuscripts. But it was long before this tha£ ho retired from tho profession of an actor. Tho latest date at which his name occurs is 1603, when lie performed in Ben 'Jonson's tragedy " Sojnnus." Ho did not sevor his connection with tlio theatres .-however, noithor did lie discontinue to writ-, tho outcouio'boing souio of his best und most Famous works.' Shortly after tho succession of Jamos to tlio throne of England, which was in tlio year 1G03, u royal warrant fur a patent, nuthoris'ng tho performances of the ooiupany to which Shakspearo belonged, was issued. In this warrant tile name of Shakapoaro stands second in a list of nino of tho leading share holders'. It is written in tlio diary of the Rev. John Ward, who was a vicar of Strutford, Borne time nf or tlio doalh of tho poet, that ' Shnkspoaro in his eld.r days, lived at Stratford and supplied tho stage with two plays a year, mid for it, hud an nllowanoo so large that ho spent £1000 a year, as I havo hoard." Though not for ono moment putting much faith in tho last statomout, thorc is no doubt ha lived bountifully, and tlioro must havo been sonic occasion for suoh a report. A nd it is certain that his pun hnd'oarnod hi in siiilicicnt to onablo him lo livo lileo a gont Io nian. Rowo described him as living in case and retirement. " His -plonsurnblo wit and good nature engaged liim in llio acquaint ance, and entitled liitn lo tho friendship of, tli- gentlemen of tho neighbourhood." lio also owned a largo amount of proporfy in and around Stratford. Can this bo possiblo of n person who hud bcon a call-boy and had novor risen in tlio profession of an actor ubovo tilting the ghost in Hamlet, that being his only employment, boyoud being paid for tho use of his ninno by Bacon, who was not u wealthy man (as Mr. Dannolly himself owns) but ulwaysin pecuniary difficulties? Could lie have associated with the most ominent minds of tho day, und boon on intimate terms of friendship with great noblemen and statesmen of tho timo, if that wore true? No, his genius worked up for liim a reputa tion which can stnnd against all opposition and all tlio honors that uro slioworod on him befit liim. Ho w s indifferent to fouie and his early nrospority and subsoqont trunquil retirement soom to havo boon, tjio full and delerininod oxtont of his ambition. 