THE OUTLAWS OF TUN9 STALL:FOREST:i' A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WOBRLD, By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Ather of "F oresees letad," *tc. BOOK I. THE TWO LADS. OCHAPTER VIL THE HOODED FACE.. They awoke in the grey of the morning; 'the birds were not yet in full song, but twittered here and there among the woods ; the sun was not set up, but the eastern sky was barred with solemn, coloure. Half starved and overweary as tney were, they lay without moving, sunk in a delightful laIse code. And as they thus lay, the clang of a bell fell suddenly upon their ears. * 'A bell I' e.id Dick, a ttino up. 'Can we be, then, so near to Holyrwood! A little after, the bell clanged again, but this time somewhat nearer hand; and from that time forth, and etilldrawingnearer and nearer, it continued to sound brokenly abroad in the silence of the morning. 'N?ay, what should rhie betoken?' said Dick, who was now broad awake; ' It is some one walking,' returned Matcham, ' and the bell tolleth ever as he m-oves.'t 1I see that well,' said Dick. ' But where Yore? What maketh he in Tanetall Woode? Jack,' he added, ' Iaugh at me anye will, but hlike not the hollow sound of it.' SNay," eaid Mitcham, with a shiver, 'it hath a doleful note. An the day were not 'Bu nt joustathenth Cbelrl, qavaria~eniaai pace, began to ring thick and uurried, rad then it gave a single hammering jingle, and was silent for a space. 'It is as thonuh the bearer had ran for a pater.noster white, and then leaped the river,' Dick observed, * And now beginneth he. again to pace soberly forward,' added Matcham. ' Nay,' returned Dick -' nay, not so soberly, Jack. Tie a man that walketh you right speedily. 'Tis a man in some fear of hie life, oraboat some hurried business. Seeye mot how swift the beating draweth near!' , ' It is now close by,' said Matcham. They were now on the edge of the pit; and as the pit itself was on a certain eminence, they commanded a view over the greater proportion.of the clearing, up to the thick woods that closed it in. The daylight, which was very clear and grey, showed them a riband of white foot. path wandering among the gorse. It passed some hundred yards from the pit, and ran the whole length of the clearing, east and west. By the line of its course, Dick judged it should lead more or less directly to the Moat House. Upon this path, stepping forth from the margin of the wood, a white figure now appeaied. It paused a little, and seemed to *look about; and then, at a slow pace, and bent almost double, it began to draw near acroes the heath. At every step d the bell clanked Face, it had none; a white hood, not even pierced with eye-holes, veiled the head ; and as the creature moved, it seemed to feel its way with the tapping of a stick. Fear fell upon the lade, as cold as death., 'Aleper 1' said Dick, hoarsely. , His touch is death,' said Matcham. 'Let us run.: Not so,' returned Dick. ' Seeye not 7 he is stone blind. He guideth him with a staff. Let ns lie still; the wind bloweth towards the path, and he will go by and hurt us not. Alas, poor soul; and we should either pity him.' I will pity him when he is by,' replied Matcham. The blind leper was now about half-way towards them, and just then the sun rone and shone full on his veiled face. He had been -ctall man before he was bowed by his disgusting sickness, and even now he walked with a vigorous step. The dismal beating of his bell, the pattering of the stick, the eyeless screen before his countenance, and the knowledge that he was not only doomed to death and suffering, but shut ont for ever from the touch of his fellow men, c filled the lade' bosoms with dismay; and at every step that brought him nearer, their ccurage and strength seemed to deser them. As he came about level with the pit, he useed, and turned his face full upon the d lad ra e nY s hield I He sees us 1' said h .M:aahseam, tairatir . 'Rush !' whiepered Dick. ' He doth but bearken. He is blind, tool.' The leper looked or listened, whichever he was really doing, for some seconds. Then -ie began to move on again, but presently paused once more., and again turned, acd ,seemed to gaze upon the lade Even Dick became dead white and closed his eyes, as if by the mere sight he might become infected, e But soon the bell sounded, and this time, e without any' fur'her hesitation, the leper _eaA h.'aeacnda. If aba lin.tt hea. Lc ".sand disappeared into the covert or the -woods.. S'Hesaw us,' said Matcham. 'I could swear it.' ' Tat I' returned Dick, recovering some sparks of couragse. ' He but heard neus. He a was in fear, poor soul. An yawere blind and walked in a perpetual night, we would i start yourself, if ever a twig rustledor a bird cried "Peep." ' ' Dick, good Dick, he saw us,' repeated Matchanm. 'When a man berkeneth, he doth not as this man; he doth other- e wise, Dick. This was seeing; it was not bearing. He means foully. Hark else,. if his bell be not stopped I' \- Such was the case. The bell rang -e longer. ?'Nay' said Dick. ' I like notthat. Nay,' h5e cried again, ' I like that little. What may this betoken? Let us go, by the mass !' ' He hath gone east,' added Matcham. ° 'Good Dick, let us go westward straight. I ahallnot breathe till I have my back turned C upon thatleper.' • . ' Jack, y' are too oowardly,' replied Dick. e' 'We shall go fair for Holywood, or as fair, a ,at lease, as I can guide you, and Shas will be due north.' q They were afoot at once, passied the streasm upon some etepping-stones, and " began to meont on the other side, which was steeper, towards the margin of the wood The ground became very uneven, full of knolls and hollows ; and trees grew scat tered or in clumps ; it became difficult to a choose a path, and the lade somewhat wan dtered. They were weary, besides with yesterday's exertions and the lack of food, 0 sad they moved but heavily and dragged their feet among the sand. P resently, coming to the top of a knoll, they were aware of the leper, some hundred feet in front of them, crossing tbe line of their march by a hollow. His bell was silent, his staff no longer tapped the ground, and he went before him with the swift and assured footsteps of a man who sees. Neire momenthe had disappeared instn little •thicket. The lade, at the first glimpse, had crouched behind a trft of gorer; there they lay, horror ;struck. ' Certain, he purtueth us.' eaid Dick- 1i +' oetain I He heldthe clapper of his bell in one hand, saw ye, that it should not +? wm~~h saints aid and guide . What maketh he!' cried Matchams, ' What doth he want ? Who ever heard the 'like, that a leper, out of mere malice, should porsue unfortunates.! Hath he no' bisbell to that very end, that people may avoid him ? Dick, there is below this seurethirag deeper.' hNay, care not,' moaned Dick; ' the atrength is gone out of me l my legs are like , water. The saints be mine assistaraoe 1' ' Would elie there idle?' cried Matcham. 'let urs back into the open. We have the better chance; he cannot steal upon us einawarees.'* . Not I,' said Dick. ' My time is come, and peredventure he may pass us by.' ' Bend me tbenyour bow I' cried Sheather. ' What I Will ye be a man ' )Dick arcased himself. * Woald ye have ms shoot uponaleper!' he cried. 'The hand would fail me. Nay, now,' he added-' nay, now, let be I With sound men I will fight, but not with ghosts and tepers. Which this is, I wot no'. One or other. reaven he our protection I" 'Now,' said Matcham, 'if this be man's oursge, what a poor thing is man I But lkth ye will do nought, llet us lie close.' Then came a single, broken jangle on the bell. 'He hath missed his hold upon the elapp:r. whiesered Matcham. ' Sainte, how near he ts I' But Dick answered never a word ; his teeth were near chattering. There is no man brave all round; and the horror of this parsuit by a hooded leper had found the weak place in ./ young Shelton's armour. Boon they saw a piecs of the white robe between some bushes, then the leper's head was thrust forth from behind a trunk, and *Publlehed by speelk arranogsmnt with lth 4suther he seemed narrowy to scan tlb ,neighbour hood before honeeagan witdrew. To their sketched eMts, the whole beea ,ppeared alive with ruestliage ed the creak of twigs, and they heard the heating of each other's heart. Suddenly, with a cry, the leper sprang into theopen close by, and ran straight upon the lade. They shrieking alound, separated, end began to run different ways. But their horrible enemy fastened upon Matcham, ran him swiftly down, and had him almost instantly a prisoner. The lad gave one scream that echoed high and far over the forest ; be had one epasm of etrugling, and then all his limbs relaed., and he fell limp into his captor's arme. i Dick heard the cry and turned, He saw Matcham fall ; and on the instant his spirit and strength revived. With a cry of pity and anger he unstrung and bent his arblaset. But ere he had time to shoot the leper held up his hand. 'Hold your shot, Dickon !' cried a familiar voice. ' Hold your shot, mad wag. Know ye not a friend !' And then laying down Matcham on the turf, he undid the hood from off his face and disc oaed the features of Sir Daniel Brackley. 'Sir Daniel I' cried Dick. ' Ay, by the mass, Sir Daniel,' said the knight. ' Would To shoot upon youear guardian, rogue! But here is this-' And there be broke off, and pointing to Matcham, asked : ' How call ye him, Dick ' ' Nay,' said Dick. ' I call him Master Matcham. Know ye him not? He said ye knew him.' 'Ay;' replied Sir Daniel, 'I know the lad ; and he chuckled. 'But ha has fainted, and. by wy uocbt, h mieatht hnve had lea? to taint for Hey. Dick? Did I put the rtes of death upon you ?' 'Indeed, Sir Daniel, ye did that,' said Dick, and sighed again at the mere recollec. tion. 'Nay, sir, sreving your respect, I had as lief a' met the devil in person ; and to epeak truth, I am yet all a-quake. But what made ye, sir, in ouch a guise ' Sir Daniel's brow:grew suddenly black with anger. . What made I!' he esaid. ' Ye do well to mind me ofit. What! I skulked for my poor life in my own wood of Tunetall, Dick. We were illesped at the battle; we but got thereto be swept among the rout. Where he all my good men-at-ernie ? Dick, by the mess, I know not. We were swept down ; the shot fell thick among us. I have not seen one man in my own coloure since I eaw three falL For myself, I came sound to Shoreby, and being mindful of the Black Arrow, got me this gown and bell, and came softly by the path for the Moat House. There is no disguise to be compared with it ; the jingle of this bell would scare me the stoutest outlaw in the forest; they would all turn pale to hear it. At length I came by ou and Matcham. I could see but evilly through this same hood, and was not sure of you, being chiefly, and for many a good csuse, estonished at the finding you together. Moreover, in the open, where I had to go slowly and tap with my stave, I feared to disclose myself. But see,' he added, 'this poor shrew begins a little to revive. A little good canary will comfort me the heart of it.' The knight, from under his long dress, produced a stout bottle, and began to rub the temples and wet the lips of the patient, who returned gradually " to conscious ness, and began to roll dim eyes from one to another. 'What cheer, Jack ?' esid Dick. ' It was no leper, after all I It was Sir Daniel. See ' Swallowme a good draught of this.' said the knight. ' This will give you manhood. Thereafter, I willgive you both a meal, and we shall all three son to TunetalL For Dick,' he continued, laying forth bread and meat upon the grass, 'I will avow to you in all cood conscience, it irks me sorely to be safe between tour walls. Not since I backed a horse have I been pressed so hard; peril of life, jeopardy of land and livelihood, and to oam up, all these losels in the wood to hunt me down. But I be not yet shent. Some of my lads will pick me their way home. Hatch hath ten fellows ; Selden, he had six. Nay, we shall soon be strong again ; and if I can but buy my peace with my right for tnate and undeserving Lord of York. why. Dik we'll bea man again and to a horse. And, so saying, the knight filled himself a hornof canary, and pledged his ward in duamb show. \- Selden,' Dick faltered-' Selden-' and he pased eagain. Sie Dentalt e down the wieuntsaated. Ho t o taa.. e.-b.e-a.. vole.. Selden--epeak. What of Selden ' Dick stammered forth the tale of the ambosh and the massacre. The knight heard in silence; but as he listened, his countenance became convulsed with rage and grief. ' Now here,' he cried, ' on my right hand I swear to avenge it I If that I fail, if that I spill not ten men's soels for each, may this hand wither from my body I broke this Deaekwstllika snato I btosamod bLtmbki. acor. I nurned the thatch about his head; Idrove him from this country; and now cometh he backtobeard me? Nay, but, Dock worth, but this time is shall go bitter hard I'. He was silent for some time, his face working. Stat,' he cried suddenly. ' And you here !' he added to Matcham, ' swear me an oath to ollow straight to the Most House,' 'I will pledge mine honour,' replied Matcham. SWhat make I with year honour ' cried he knight. Swear me upon your mother's welfare I' Matcham gave the required oath; and Sir Daniel readjusted the hood over his faoe,and prepared his bell and staff. To see him once more in that appalling travestie somewhat revived the horror of his two companions. But the knight was soon upon his feet. ' Eat with a despatch,' he said, ' and follow me yarely to mine house.' And with that he set forth again into the woods; and presently after the bell began to sound, numbering his steps, and the two ladi eat by their untasted meal, and heard it die slowly away up hill into the distance. 'And so ye go to Tnastall I' Dick in. quired. Yea, verily,' said Matcham, ' when needs mast I am braver behind Sir Daniel's back than to his face?' They ate hastily, and eat forth along the path through the airy upper levels of the forest, where great beeches stood apart among green lawns, and the birds and squirrels made merry on the boughs. Two hours later, they began to descend upon the other side, and already among the tree-tops, eaw before them the red walls and roofs of Tnstall house. 'Here,' said Matcham, panusing, 'ye shall bke your leave of your friend, Jack, whom ' are to see no more. Come Dick, forgive him what he did amis, as he, for his part, cheerfully and lovingly forgiveth you.' SAnd wherelore so' asked Dick. 'An we both go to Tunstall, I shallaee you yet gain, I trow, and that rightoften.' SYe'l neveragain see poor Jack Matcham,' eplied the other,' that was so fearful and burtheneome, and yet plucked you from the river ; ye'll not see him more, Dick, by mine honour.' Ie held his arms open, and the ads embraced and kissed. 'And, Dick,' cntinue.d Matcham, .' my spirit bodeth ill. ' are now to see a new Sir Daniel; for heretofore hath all prospered in ba hands[ upon him. and hhe e adventurent'7 life, he will prove but a foul lord to both of us. He may be brave in battle, but he bath the liar's eye; there is fear in his eye, Dick, aud fear is as cruel as the wolf. We go down into that house, Saint Mary guide us toarth again.' And eo they continued their descent in silence., and came out atlast before Sir Daniel's forest stronghold. where it stood, low and shady, flanked with round towers and atained with mose and lichen, in the lilied warersof tbhe most. Even as they appeared, the doori were opened, the bridge lowered, and Sir Daniel himself, with Hatch and the parson at his side, stood ready to seceive them. 