The Society of Autlios's. The Incorporated Socioty of Authors gavo a dinner on Wednesday at tho Criterion ? ''Kestnurant 5n honour of Amorican men and ?womon . of lettoia now in England. Mr. ; I3r;cp, M.P., presided, and thoro wero pre : .sent, among others, Mr. J. Russell Lowell, ? ?'. Mrs. F. Hodgson Burnett, Mr. 'Wilkio Collins, Mrs. Louiso Chandler Moulcon, Mr. CJonaul-Goneral 'Waller, Miss Olivo Logon .'/. '(Mrs. Sykoa), Lord Brabourue, Mr. E. -}osso, the Mnstor of tho Templo, Rov. Dr. ? Allon, Mr. William Blnok, Mrs. Slaunard, . / Professor F. Pollock, Mr. Walter Besant, / ' . , ' Mr! HolUngahead, Sir J. Staincr, and Mr. G. R Sims. Lord Tennyson telographod : Warmest greetings to our Amorican \- -guests;' ' Tho toast ' Tho Quoon and tho President of 'tho' United States' wns ontffusTastically *'. - ? recoived. ?: . Tho CJiairman proposed tho toast of . ?'.Literature.' ? . -r; Mr.' Russell Lowoll, iu responding, said, — !? eonfoss that I riao undor a cortain op prossion. Thoro wns a timo whon I wont to , s mako an after-dinner speech with a liglit fticarfc, and whon on my way to tho dinner I v.* . . ; could think over my exordium in my cab : 4ind trust to tlio spur of tho momont for tho . treat of my speech. But I find as I grow oldor n cortaiu aphasia overtakes mo, a cor tain, inability to find tho right word precisely ????? whon-Iwant it; and I find also that my ? , flank hocomes less sensitive to tho oxhilar ? Siting influoncos of that spur to which I havo ? Just alluded. I had pretty woll mado up ? ;? ray mind not to mako any moro after-dinner ./.'speechos. . I had an impression that I had ? made quite enough of them for a wiso man ????in sneak, and tiorhaiia moro than if: wns \- ,profitablo for other wiso mon to listen to. ?(Laughtor.) I eonfoss that it was with somo . reluctance that I consented to spoak at all ? * Y ? ^to-night. I had boon bothinking mo of tho ? . '.%*:?- old proverb of tho pitcher and woll which is — . ? ? mentioned, as youromombor, in tho pro f'v /0. / verb aud it was not altogether a consola . , * ftion to mo to think that that pitchor, which ? -?? «?'« ? :goos ohco too ofton to the woll, bolongs to . -Xho class which is taxed by another provorb i ?? '?withttoo great length of ears. (Laughter.) ? XJut I could not resist. I cortainly felt that it was my . duty not to rofuso myself to an ' occasion like this— an occasion which de liberately emphasises as woll as oxpressos \- . j-.-.-. that good foeling botwoon our two countries whioh, I think, ovory good man-'fli ^oth of . . ' thom is dosirous to deepen and to incroaso. ' (Choers.) If I lookback to anything injmy lifo with satisfaction, it is to tho fact thnt I myself have, in eonie degroo, contributed — . . and I hope I may believe tho saying to bo ? truo — to this good fooling. (Cheers.) You : r; v ' ' alluded, Mr. Chairman, to a dato which gavo . mo, I must confess, what wo call oa tho othor sido of tho wator \'.a rnthor. largo contract.' ^ ? ?-~ (Laughtor.) I qui to reply, I am fo answor ?' to literature, audi must confess that a porson ?- liko mysolf, who first appearod in print 50 years ago, would hardly wish to bo answerable f(»r all his own litoratnro. Tint fn niinn.Tr nf t.Tin / literature of other pooplo. (Laughter and . ? u Hoar, hoar.') But your allusiou to 60 y ' \ yoars ago rominded mo of something which . struck mo as I looked down thoso tables. ? i' ? Sixty yoars ago tho two authors you men tioned, Irviug and Cooper, woro tho only two Amorican authors of whom anything . : . was known in Europo, and tho knowledge ?'/ '? of thom in Europe was mainly confinod to * ? England. ' It is truo thnt Bryant's ' Water ? ?.:? ?? i . Fowl ' had already bogun its flight in im mortal air, but thoso woro tho only two American authors that could bo snid to bo ' '''known iii'Eughuid. And what is ovon moro / rrNHirknblo, tJjoy woro tlio only .American ^?-~niithorR at that timo — thoro woro end had b-*on Q^hora known to us at homo — who woro '? x^cap/(mffiof/oarning thoir broad by thoir pons, -.v, Aiibtnor^singular chango is suggostod to mo ' . ? ; -£-?a8;I loot duwuttiioso tablos, and that is tho ^ ' '/ eingular contrast thoy afford between tho timo whon Johnson wroto his fnnious linos af'ont thoHo|iJI» tliat ««s/iil tJio iifo of tljo \- scholar, and t by the scholar ho meaut tho author-^-' | . '' Toil, envy, want, tho patron, and tho gnol.V ' A'-: Aud I confess when I rnjhoniber that vorno | itHtrikoA in' as ti sinirulur contrast that I Ehould moot with a body of aithors whoj woroablo to offer a dinnorinstoad of bogging onn (laughtor) ; that I havo sntlioro and soon ' -10 feuding liko ono,' whou 100 yonrs ago tho ono fori liko '10 whon thoy had tho chance. (Laughtor.) ? .You havo alluded also, Mr. Chairman, in tonus which I shall not quality, to my own merits. You havo mudo mo fuel a littlo as if I wero a ghost rovisiting the palo glimpses of tho ntoou and reading with counidorablo wondor tuy own epitaph. But you havo done mo moro than jnsticoin attributing so much to mo with rfgnrd to international copyright. You aro quite right in alluding to Mr. Putnam, who, I think, wroto tbo bost pamphlet that has boon written on tho subject, and thoro woro othors you did not namo who also dosorvod far moro than I do for tho labour thoy havo j oxpondod and tho zoal thoy havo shown on ! bohalf of international copyright, particu larly tho socrotarios of our international socioty — Mr. Lothrop and Mr. G. W. Green. And sinco I could not vory woll avoid touch ing upon tho subject of international copy right, I must say that all Amorican authors without oxcoption havo boen in favour of it on tho moral ground, on tho ground of simplo justice to English authors. (Choers.) But thoro woro a groat many local, topical con siderations, as our ancostors usod to call Milirrfld fn fnlm into nn. count, and which, porhaps, you do not fool as keenly horo as wo did, But I think wo may say that tlio almost unanimous conclu sion of American authors latterly has boon that wo sbonld bo thankful to got anjr Bill that recognised tho pririciplo of international copyright, boing confident that its practical application would so rocommond it to tho American pooplo that wo should got afterwards, if not ovory amendment of it that wo dosiro, at least ovory ono thatis humanly .possible. (Hear, hoar.) 1 think that perhaps a littlo injustico has boon dono to our sido of tho question ; I thiuk a littlo moro heat has boon imported into it than was altogether wiso. (Hear, hear.) I am not so suro that our Amorican publishers woro so lnuoh moro wiokod than thoir English brcthron would havo bwn if thoy had bad tho chance. (Laughtor and y Hoar, hoar.' Iciu nofc, I confess, accopt with pntionco any impu tation that iraplioa that thoro is anything in our clitnato or ia our form of govern ment that tends to produco a lowor standard of morality than in othor countries. Tho fact is that it has boon partly duo to a cortain — may I spoak of our ancestors as having boon qualified by a cortain dnlnoss? I moan no disrespect, but I think it is duo to tho stupidity of our an cestors in making a distinction botwoon a literary proporty and othor proporty. (Hoar, hear.) That has bcon at tho root of tho whole ovil. I, of course, understand, as ovorybody understands, that all proporty is tho croaturo of municipal law. But 5*ou must romombor that it is tlio conquest of civilization that when proporty passes beyond tho boundaries of that municipiam it is still sacred. It is not ovon yet sacred in all rospccts and conditions. Litoro luro, tho properry in an idoa, has been some thing that it is vory difficult for tho avcrago man to comprohond. It is not difficult for tho avorago man to comprohoud that thero may bo property in a form which gonius or tulent gives to an idoa. Ho can soo it. It is vi.nblo and palpable this property in nn idea when it is ex emplified in a mnchino, but it is hardly so ap prohonsiblo whon it is subtly intorfusod in litoraturo. Books havo always bcon looked on somewhat as ftTcr. nnhmc, and if you havo ovor ; prosorved pheasants you know that whon thny fly ovor your neighbour's boundaries ho may tako a pot shot at thom. I romombor that somothiug moro thon 30 yoars ago Longfellow, . my friond and neighbour, asked mo to comoand oat a gamo pie with him. Longfellow's books had boon sold in England by tho tons of thousands, ond that gamo pio —aud you will obsorvo tho (elicit}' of its boing a gamo pio, fene natures always you soo— was tho only honorarium ho hnd over rcceivod from this country for reprinting his works. I cannot holp fooliug as I stand horo that thoro is some thing espocialty— I might almost uso a cant word and say raonumontally — interesting in a mooting liko this. It is tho first timo that English and Amoricau authors, so far as I know, havo corao togothor in any numbors, I was going to say to fratornizo when I remem bered that I ought perhaps to add to ' sororizo.' (Laughtor.) Wo, of course, havo iio dosiro, no sonsiblo man in , England or America has any dosiro, to onforco this fraternization at the point of tho bayonet. Lot us go on critioising oach othor; it is good for both of us. Wo Amoricans havo boon somotitnos charged with boing a littlo too sousitivo ; but per haps a littlo iudulgeuco may bo duo to thoso who alwaj's havo their faults told to thom (laughtor aud cheers), and tho roferonce to whoso virtuos porhaps is somotitnos con voyed in a foot note in small print. (Laughtor.) I thiuk that both countries I havo a sufhciontly good opinion of tliom | solvos to havo a fairly good opinion of oach | other. (Choers.) Thoy can afford it ; and : if difficulties ariso botwoon tho two coun tries, as thoy unhappily may — and whon 1 you alludodj ust now to what Do Tocquovillo i said in 1828 you must romombor that it was only 10 years aftor our war— you must' ro mombor how long it has boon to got in tho thin ond of tho wedgo of international copy right ; you must remembor it took our dip lomacy noarly 100 yoars to onforco its generous principle of tho alionablo allow ance and that tho groator part of tho bittor ness which Do Tocquovillo found in 1828 was duo to tho improssmont of Amorican somnon, of whom somothing liko 1500 woro sorving on board English ships whon at Inst thoy woro dolwured. Thoso things should bo remoinbnrod not with roaontmont but for enlightenment. (Hoar, hoar.) I think I havo boon iold ofton enough to romomber that my couutrymou aro apt to thiuk that thoy are in tho right, that thoy aro always in tho right ; that thoy aro apt to look at thoir sido of tho question only. Now, this conduces certainty to poaco of mind nnd imperturba bility of judgmont, whatever other merits it may havo. (Laughtor.) I ntn suro I do not know whoro wo got it. (Laughtor.) Do you ? (Laughtor.) I also sympathise most heartily with whnt has been said by tho chairman with regard to tho increasing love for England among my couutrymou. (Choers.) I find on inquiry that thoy stop lodger and id groator -numbers ovoiy your in tlio old homo, anil fuel moro deeply its manifold charms. Thoy also are beginning to feel that London is tho centre of tho races \ that speak English, very/much in thu souse : that Romn ,vns tho cbutro of tho anciont 1 world. (Choers.). And I confess that II novor think of London, which I nlso dm* foss that I lovo, without thinking of that palaco which David built, sitting m hearing of a hundrod stromas— streams of thought, of intelligonco, of activity. And ono othor thing about London, if I may bo allowed to refer to mysolf. impresses mo boyoud any othor sound I havo over hoavd, and that is tho low, uuconsiug roar that ono hears al- ! ways in tho air. It is not a moro accident \ liko tho tompost or tho cataract, but it iu im- j pressivo bocauao it always indicates human will aud impulso and conscious movement, aud I eonfoss that whon I hoar it I almost foel that I woro listening to tho roaring loom of timo. A fow words moro. I will only say this, that wo, as well as you, havo iuhoritod a common trust in tho noble lan guago winch, iu its subtle compositivonoss, is porhaps tho most admirable instrument of human thought, and human fooling, and ounuiug that has over boon unconsciously dovisod by man, (Clioora.) May our rival ries bo in lididity to that trust. (Cheers.) Wo havo nlso inherited certain traditions political and moral, and in doing our duty towards thoso it sooms to iuo that wo shall fiud quite enough occupation for our uuitod thought and fooling. (Choors.) Tho othor toasts woro 11 Tho Incorporated S -cioty of Authors ' Amoricau Mon and Women of lottors;' 'Historians and tho Chairman.' — Xondon lVcekhj Times, July 27. 