The Borlase. Bankruptcy. A SCANDALOUS CASE. We published to-day a cable as to tbe bankruptcy of Mr, W. C. BorUee, whose case has created a very unpleasant -s-ne&tion; in Lonitou. The fallowing is a report of tbe io s 'Lent's examination taken from the "San Franoisco Chronicle" i— London, November 30. In the Bankruptcy Court to dy there »p- peared for examination William Copelsud Boriate, formerly Under-Secretary for the LocalGov ernnient Board io tho Gladstone Ad ministration. His examination developed a very lively scaudal. His liabilities were shown t > be over L40.G00, while bis assets were a trifle over L19.000. He was examined to-day concerning a c'aim of one Mme. Da Q aieros, a baukmpt. He said he was a mean bcr of tbe late Government. A Under secretary to tbe Local Government Board bis salary was Ll,500 a year, and wa- afterwarcs rtducad. He received wbila in office the sum of L3 000. His clieut, L. Da Qai-ros, had been entered m bis statement as a c eJitor to tbe amount of L5.100. That statement was absolutely uutrue. He denied tbat be owtdh'.r any thing. The fact was tbat a bill of sale bad been given over tbe furniture, and he secured the payment of it by giving hid own acceptance, and that be h&d;, therefore, aban doned the otaim to the furniture, as he bad been informed tbat be bad no otaim in law. "Do 3 on swear -tbat Bhe never lent you any money ?" "To the best of my recollection she has not, I first knew Mme. De Quieros when she was living at Hyde Park place. There she bad a furnished house of her own." "Aod did you pass as Mr. De Quieros? ' "Never that I am aware of, i'ha servants might have announced Mr. De Quieros, but 1 never went by tbat name." " Were you & married man at that time?'' "I was." "D d you conceal from her tbe fact that you ware a married man ?" " Certainly not. She knew it When I first knew her she possessed some furniture at Hyde Park place. There was very little furniiure, as it was only a cottago o% to rooms. It was after wards removed to Qieen Auq atreet, whioh house I took in my own name." ; What did jgu allow this la 'y ?" "I aUcwtd her a fixed income of L25 a -veek. 1 aUo<vcd ic to her first because I koew her history and pitied her. Bat it was afterwards t-xtor:ed from me." " Whit do you .:.<-a,n by that expression f " " Is was extorted from me in cons queues of my public po-i-ion as member forPaiiia- uient and magistrate fur my conaty. It was not an extortion at first, bn it became oca when this lady followed tne all overtt e world to Spain, and finally to Wales, where I bal to obtain police prj ec ioo aghast ber sod s bully who Wis with ber. Tbat was during 1886." Tbe witness went on to say that he bad given ber certain articles of jewellery which he re' erred to in bis :ta-.emeci of affairs, but uo usu t.aoe givMi up ait claim to tne jewel, lery. The o.ly tbmg cUimed in hi<s nme was tbe fucnitute. The laec L500 ha bad given her was iu TrafulgAr Square. She was pa«in< in a c-b, and sht flew at him and attack, d turn bifure people whom fce knew, and uijde him go lo the back and gel £500 for her. Is was a fact tbat Mme. Da Quieros given a bill of sale over tba furniture at Qasen Ann street to a Mr, Brown, and he had given her money to repy Brown— that is to say, he bad repaid Brown because be had in a maecst guaranteed it. The money Mme- Da Quieros had received for the bill of sale, together with other money which he fonnd, he lent to Thomas Howden to enable bim to pay some Stock Exohange liabilities, and to save him from being struck off tbe Stock Exchange. The transaction with Howden had cost him upwards of LtOjOQO altogether. Everything in the hou#6 was charged under the biU of sale, in cluding his jewellery, but be denied that the furniture belonged to her. Aft«r. the repayment of Brown Mme. l>e Quieros thought there were ghosts in the bouse, and in March, 1885. she removed to 13 Clarenoe terrace. At tbat time the extortion began. Mme. Da Quieros accused him oUhiog which he had never done, and 2 o clock in the morning Bhe insisted on -walking down the etreet and going to bis wire s bedroom -and telling her where be was, ana bioot then hi life had been a misery from the action of Muie, De Qneros- Li all the letters tbat. he addressed to Mme. Eta Quieros he wrote in terms of endearment, became be feared it he had altered his style he would bsve besn immediately attacked. " He could not reh when certain letters which were handed to htm were written, because they were not dated, but he did not Ibinlr he wrote to ber attar the interview between her and his wife. Urcaa.examinatiun developed further miseries of a domestic nature. The oaseia tbe talk of aU the clubs, tbatlBorlase hu obtaiotd 