Christ attach Cathedral St. Andrew's Day (30th November), just past, is doubtless the moat memorable occasion in Anglican Church history in Western Victoria, if we except SS. Philip and James' Day, 1875, when the See of Ballarat practically came into existence at the consecration of its first Bishop. After well-nigh fourteen years of strenuous effort and untiring exertions, in spite of many and various difficulties, the same prelate has had the happiness and joy of exercising his functions as Diocesan at the stone-laying ceremony of a Cathedral for the Diocese. It may be interesting to trace and record the.steps, up to this occasion, of such momentous and significant inteYest to the Diocese, of the movement for^fehe erection of a Cathedral for Ballarat. The fo^wiBg are authentic particulars of the origin of the movement, together with a detailed description of the proposed buildings ^r- ' On llth October, 1883, in the course 'of his Presidential Address to the Church Assembly, the Bishop incidentally observed :— ?' I have set aside a bank-note, placed at my absolute disposal by a friend, as the first brick of a Cathedral for our Diocese. . . . There is no more harm done in opening a Cathedral Fund than in sowing a mustard-seed. . . . .1 worshipped lately in a fine Cathedral, with no debt resting on it, at Denver, Colorado ; yet that is a younger, o smaller, and I should think a less wealthy city than our own.' The hint then thrown out elicited no response at the time, but on 20th September, 1884, a new vicar arrived to take charge of the long-, vacant Pro- Cathedral parish, in the person of the Rev. Churchill .' Julius, M.A., the present Archdeacon of Ballarat. The result, after four months, may be traced in the following extracts, from a letter written to him by the Bishop, on Monday, 12th January, 1885, after preaching at Christ Church the preceding day :— -♦' The over-crowded, condition of the Pro-Cathedral yesterday, and on several recent occasions, decides me to place in your hands a communication which you may do well to bring before the churchwardens and vestry, or before the parishioners at their approaching annual meeting. . . . The enlargement of the present church appears to be ' unthinkable,* and its replacement by an entirely new one is an enterprise to which the time has come to give preliminary consideration. Our Diocese must ultimately possess a Cathedral. Shall such Cathedral stand where Christ Church does, or not 1 My own opinion is that it should stand upon no other site. ... I think the erection of a Cathedral on substructures forming a diocesan hall and offices, and the use of such building as the parish church as well, may commend itself to all. CbriBt Church would gain the advantage of diocesan help towards their parish church j the diocese that of one of the best Bites in the city, and the co-operation of its leading congrega tion. The way to approach this subject is for the congregation to, appoint a committee to confer with the Bishop-in-Council with the view of getting appointed, at the approaching Assembly, a Board to , hold conference with the parish on the expediency, and, if expedient, the best means of promoting the erection of a Cathedral church to . be also the church of the parish,' ? \ ' . : The programme sketched in this letter was carried out. . ?On 15th January, 1885, the vestry resolved to recommend the ,, parishioners to appoint a committee in accordance with the Bishop's letter, and on 26th January the parishioners appointed such com mittee, which interviewed the Bishop-in-Council four days later. After hearing their statement the Council appointed a sub-committee of its own to prepare, in consultation with the trustees and vestry of Christ Church, a report upon the question, and on the report was based a memorandum for submission to the Assembly. On 3rd March, 1885, Mr. Cane moved in the Assembly that the question of taking , advantage of the proposed re-building of Christ Church to erect a Cathedral on that site be considered by a select committee, which, after full debate, was agreed to nem. eon. The select committee brought up its report on 6th March ; and the evening sitting on that day was given to its consideration, when a provisional Cathedral Board was appointed, representing the Assembly and the parish in equal proportions, to decide whether the proposal was advisable, and^ ? if so, to examine sites, procure plans, raise funds, and report at the next session. The Board first met 29th May, 1885, and held nine , meetings in that year. Its report to the Assembly on 16th March, 1886, states that the proposal referred to its consideration was adviB able, and the contemplated site suitable ; that twenty-four com- ? petitive designs for a Cathedral Church had been obtained from colonial architects ; and that having taken the best professional arid practical advice as to their merit, the Board submitted the whole of these designs to the Assembly, recommending that of. Messrs. Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy for adoption. The Board further recom mended a method of collecting funds, and a scheme for the adminis tration of the Cathedral, fully recognising its character as a parish ? church. This report was thoroughly sifted by the Assembly, 18th and 19th March, 1886, and, in its main features, adopted with but one dissentient vote ; and a series of resolutions was passed to give effect to its recommendations. Promises to the amount of £1710 were a few minutes afterwards announced by the Bishop, and a Cathedral Board was elected to raise funds and commence erection of a stone Cathedral, in general accordance with the design recommended, to hold at least 1200, and to cost not more than £35,000, without tower and spire. The scheme for the administration of the Cathedral and parish church was referred to the Bishop-in-Council for considera tion in consultation with the Christ Church Vestry, a report to be brought up at the next session. In 1887 the Board reported, to the Assembly that they had somewhat modified the adopted design ; that a successful public meeting had been held 10th September, 1886, under the presidency of the Governor, in promotion of the Cathedral ; : and that the canvass for subscriptions was progressing, but that ? '? sufficient funds were not yet available to justify the commencement of the work. A Cathedral Constitution Bill, approved by the Board, by the DioceBan Council, and by the parishioners of Christ Church, was then introduced, amended, and passed (under which the Bishop . became Dean, and seven clerical and six lay canons were subse quently elected), as well as a bill constituting a permanent Cathedral ; Board, and providing for its regulation. The report of the new .Board to the Assembly in 1888 records . another large meeting in aid of the movement ; a slight alteration of the site, involving the demolition of Christ Church vicarage ; the arrangements made for building another, the settlement of the trust on the basis of the Cathedral Act, and the receipt of sufficient promises to justify the commencement of the work in the current year. It will be seen from the above outline of its history that the under taking has been the subject of very full and deliberate consideration, but that all needless delay has been avoided. The cordial co-operation of the parish and the diocese throughout the somewhat delicate negotiations involved constitute a most important feature in the narrative. Soli Deo Gloria. The Cathedral will stand on that portion of the ground lately occupied by the vicarage at the angle formed by Lydiard and Dana streets. The character of the site will lend itself very effectively to the display of the magnitude and noble proportions of the building. There is a heavy fall of ground from Lydiard-street, and the differ ence in level of the two extremities of the church will be more than ; ; 30 feet, ThiB will not only add very materially to the beauty of the eastern end of the building, but also ample space in the substructures ' ;? for a Synod hall and diocesan offices. ? ; The design of the building is a French treatment of the early English style, not uncommon in English churches of the thirteenth century. The total internal length of the church will be 180 feet, and the extreme width across the transepts 94 feet. The height of the nave from the floor to the ridge will be 72 feet, and from the floor to the top of the walls 50 feet. At; the north- west corner of the church will rise a lofty tower and spire', 270 feet high. The design of the tower is remarkable for an external and partially engaged staircase turret. This will spring from the ground, and be finished with a very delicate spire by the side of the larger one. The treatment of this turret is very intricate and rich. The narthex, or entrance vestibule, will be 31 feet long by 14 feet broad, and the entrance doors will be of massive and very deep ornate character, having deep reveals with clustered columns and lofty gables. The western window will form an important feature of the building, conspicuous for its size as for the richness of its tracery. The foundations of the church are to be of bluestone, with free stone dressings, and the church itself is to be built of freestone. ASSEMBLY SESSIONS. A third session of the fourth Church Assembly of the -Diocese was specially arranged' at the close of the usual autumnal' session for the week of the Cathedral stone-laying, in order to complete several neces sary items of legislation, and gather the diocesan clergy and represen . tatives together for so significant a commemoration. On Tuesday, 27th ult. , the session was opened with celebration of Holy Communion in the Pro-Cathedral, followed by the presidential address in the City Hall. The following members were present: — The Bishop (in the chair), Archdeacons Julius, Cooper, Beamish, AUnutt, and Allanby ; Revs. J. C. Atkinson, J. VV. Arnold, H. H. Barren, C. Campbell, H. J. Carr, Canon Cummins, E. J. M. Davies, J. T. Dewhurst, W. H. Edwardes, W. Flower, H. R. Foster, W. H. Geer, J. Glover, C. Harris, R. J. E. Hayman, R. Heffernan, R. Hosken, J. R. Kingshot, J. Kirkland, 0\. M. Lowe, J. MacFarlane, G. MacHurray, J. E. T. May, H. C. E. Morris, S. M'George, J. Morton, W. Puttock, Canon Radcliff, C. L. H. Rupp, W. Swinburn,' G. Sutton, J. Wagg, R. A. Whyte, and W. Wilkinson; Messrs. W. H. Barnard, R. H. Bland, F. Brown, E. P. Date, F. C. Downes, J. Enabling, W. H. Gaunt, R. Gibbings, W. Lakeland, G. T. Lee, G. Lyon, J. C. Molloy, E. Morey, J. Richardson, W. Robertson, J. Robson, C. W. Sherard, J. R. Trevor, T. A. Uthwatt, R.'Weldon, C. White, J. H. Jackson, and Dr. Whitcombe. BISHOP'S ADDBESS. Having opened his address with a few words of welcome, and an explanation of the reasons for holding a special session at an unusual time of the year, the President noticed the recent death of a member of the Assembly, the Rev. James Stone, who had served the Church in Victoria for /thirty-one years, and other changes in the personnel of the House, reducing its number for the present by four. General topics were then briefly touched — the Exhibition, the harvest, the strikes, the successive changes in the German Empire, the develop ment of the Church in the English dioceses. Under this head the splendid Church Congress at Manchester received fuller treatment, and the existence inferred from its phenomena of 'an intense and widespread interest among members of every class of society at home in the life and working of the National Church.' The next was the recent Lambeth Conference of Bishops, the wonderful scale of . which was dwelt upon, 'the Anglican communion mustering from every corner of the globe an episcopate ten times as large as it possessed in 1688, and exercising its influence over an area exceeding by more than a hundredfold the England of that day.' Some answer was drawn hence to the taunt that the Reformation paralysed the power of the English Church. The Bishop rapidly reviewed the utterances of the Conference, first on moral and social matters — as purity, intemperance, polygamy and divorce, Lord's Day observance, emigrants, and socialism — and then on ecclesiastical questions, of which prayer-book revision appeared to have been postponed for a decade — 'the greatest disappointment yielded by the Conference.' Its most interesting topic had been reunion in Christendom. Kome had cut herself off from her fellow Christians by novel dogmas, to which submission could not be thought of. The authorisation by the Vatican of the marriage of an uncle with his niece, pronounced unlawful by Scripture and Catholic antiquity, was alluded to in passing, but occasion taken to express the kindly feeling of Anglicans towards their Roman Catholic fellow Christians, in spite of the unabated recoil of true Anglicanism from modern Rome as a system. To most of the Continental Churches and those of the East the Church of England feels able to tender more or less of recognition and fellowship. With our Protestant fellow citizens of other bodies the Mother Church of England longs intensely for corporate union, or 'such relations as may prepare the way for it ;' and the Conference took the momentous step of adopting with but little modification a doctrinal basis suggested by the American Church, on which negotiation with such bodies might take place. Passing to diocesan progress, the Bishop dwelt on 'one thing which holds us back.' He had for years appealed in vain for an adequate diocesan fund; the want of it was crippling Church extension in ways of which he mentioned painful illustrations. Church people as a rule did ' not contribute on a liberal scale to promote the Church of their fathers and their allegiance.' The income of the central funds had not reached £3000 for the current ten months, and the Superannuation Fund was seriously short this year. The Hastie bequest had not been allotted, as hoped, to this struggling diocese on equal terms with wealthy Melbourne. The Bishop closed this section with a renewed appeal, offering £100 yearly himself to meet four equivalent sums from others, in augmentation of the Suetentation Fund. On the other hand, Bishopscourt had been cleared of debt by ' straight giving,'-' and the Hastie legacy had produced an imitator on a smaller but very useful scale. The failure of the attempt to amalgamate the Superannuation Funds of the dioceses was referred to with regret, and the impending severance of their united relation to Tlie Cluwtch of England Messenger. The Cathedral stone-laying was the next topic, and the rationale of Cathedral as distinct from Abbey churchas explained, the quotation of some of Mrs. Alexander's graceful ' Lines on a Projected Cathedral' relieving the severity of the presidential discourse. The delay of fourteen years in com mencing a Cathedral church for the new diocese was confidently . justified, and the desired continuance in office of the preen t Arch deacon-Vicar alluded to. It was an important factor in the hopes entertained in relation to the great work now about actually to begin — the erection, by one and the same effort, of a Cathedral for the diocese and of a new church for the parish. In speaking of the Bishops expected to be present or absent at the stone-laying, the Bishop noticed with sympathy the seemingly hopeless tidings as to Bishop Pearson's health, and the unwelcome news of the intended migration of the genial Bishop of Tasmania to a non-diocesan bishopric at home. The sessional programme was then sketched, the maturing of two of the last session's measures — a Patronage Bill and a Trustees and Vestries Bill — being the chief business ; and a fervent recommendation of prayer as the most essential factor in the attainment of all true Christian successes concluded the address. Following the Bishop's address, the principal work of the afternoon session was the second reading of the Patronage Bill, the House then going into committee on progress being reported. The Trustees and Vestries Bill was dealt with, and reached a similar stage. EVENING SITTING. The chief business was again the consideration of the Trustees and Vestries Bill, the main discussion taking place upon clause 5, which provided that 'all lands now the property of the Church of England .vested in trustees shall, on the death, resignation, or removal of the present trustees, vest in the corporation styled 'The Ballarat Diocesan Trustees.'' Mr. Gaunt explained that the ? prin cipal object to be gained by this provision was that all Church property would ultimately become vested in a board that would exist in perpetuity, while it would not have any power that was not exer cised by the present trustees. The board could not act in the way of alienating land except on the recommendation of the Bishopin Council. If the local board recommended a certain course of action, and the Bishop-in-Council refused to advise in the matter, the law would compel the trustees to carry out their trust. The clause was ultimately carried. Several trifling amendments having been made in the bill, progress was reported, and the Assembly adjourned shortly after ten o'clock. Wednesday. At the afternoon session consideration of the Trustees and Vestries Bill was resumed. Some discussion arose as to clause 49, but it finally passed as printed, which provided the stipend of any clerk in charge of any parish or district or church might 'from time to time be altered by the vestry or church committee, with the con sent of the clerk in charge and of the Bishop.' The bill was ulti mately reported to the House, with amendments. Pt was then re-committed, when a new clause was added and further amend ments were made. The third reading was made an order of the day for Thursday. The second reading, consideration in committee, and orders for third reading then followed of the Consecration of Churches Act and Annuity Act (to provide for payment of an annuity of £20 during the continuance of the present Assembly to the widow of the late Rev. J. Stone). At the evening sitting the Rev. Colin Campbell fathered a motion upholding the parental privilege of local option in securing scrip tural instruction in State-schools. This was seconded by Rev. Wil loughby Flower, who withdrew a somewhat similar motion standing in his name. Finally, after a long debate, the mover and seconder accepted the Rev. G. Mac Murray's amendment of their motion. It was then carried by an ?'overwhelming majority in the following terms : — ' That this House heartily sympathises with the proposal recently made in this colony that such an amendment of the Education Act be made as will secure to the electors in any given district the right to determine for themselves whether scriptural instruction shall or shall not be given as a part of the school curriculum, subject to a conscience clause, and will seek to secure such right at the next general election by all legitimate means.' The Rev. Canon Radcliff moved— 'That the seat of Mr. J. R. L. Austin, lay representative for Majorca, be declared vacant under section 23 of Act No. 7, 1887.' Carried. Mr. E. P. Date's motion — ' That in order to provide for the adequate support and extension of the Anglican Church in this diocese, this House earnestly urges the general adoption of the principle of relativity in giving — i.e., of giving in proportion to income' — was carried unanimously. Archdeacon Julius then moved — (i.) 'That this Assembly tenders its most respectful greeting to the Primate of Australia and Tasmania on his return from the Lambeth Conference, and its grateful thanka to his Lordship and the Bishops of Australia and New Zealand who, by their promise to attend the stone-laying of the Cathedral Church, have already done so much to encourage the Churchmen of this diocese in their great and important enterprise.' Carried. (ii.) ' That the best thanks of this Assembly be tendered to his Excellency Sir Henry Brougham Loch, K.O.B., G.C.M.G.,jGovernor of Victoria, for his kindness in consenting to lay the foundation-stone of the new Cathedral, 6f Christ Church, Ballarat, on St. Andrew's Day ; and that this expression of its gratitude $e lionviyed- to His Excellency, in full confidence that in the good providence of God the work thus auspiciously begun will be carried to a happy completion.' Carried. (iii). 'That this Assembly desires to place on record its sense of the loss sustained by the diocese in the death of the Rev. James Stone, late Vicar of Stawell, who for thirty-one years past has faith fully served the Church of God in the diocese, and who, by his blameless, intelligent, and gentle character, had won and retained the .'''.'.-?- V..',V.'' ?'-.?: esteem and afEection not only of his parishioners, but of his fellow Churchmen and brethren of the ministry throughout the diocese. 2. That a copy of this resolution be forwarded to Mrs. Stone, as an expression of condolence with her in her bereavement, and in the fullest hope that the God of all comfort will be her Buppport and refuge in the day of her need.' Carried. . The Patronage Act. — This Act was read a first time, and finally passed. The Assembly then adjourned. Thuesday. There was a large attendance in the morning at a conference which was presided over by the Bishop of the Diocese. The Primate of Australia and Tasmania (Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney) occupied a seat at. the right of the President. An interesting paper on 'The Enlisting of the Laity in the Spiritual Work of the Church,' was read by Eev. Geo. MacMurray, M.A. A brief discussion ensued, which was adjourned at noon in order to hear an address from the Primate on 'The Lambeth Conference.' For an hour and a quarter he secured the riveted and interested attention of the audience. We deeply regret that pressure on our space forbids a full report of so valuable an address. At the afternoon sitting the bills that already had passed through the preparatory stages were read a third time and passed. The election of -a clerical canon was then proceeded with, resulting in the choice of the Rev. G. MacMurray. The Assembly then adjourned. Friday. ? A -short morning sitting was held, the Bishop presiding. As returning officer, his Lordship declared the following elections : ? Board of Management of Superannuation Fund— Archdeacon Cooper, Eev. Canons Cummins and MacMnrray, Messrs. J. Robson, E. J. Webb, and W. T. Rowe. Board of Electors — Rev. Canon MacMurray. Clerical representative to General Synod — Rev. Canon MacMurray. Panel of Triers— Revs. R. J. E. Hayman, J. H. M'Farlane, and W. P. Ho well ; and Messrs. H. P. Cook and J. Robson, Some discussion . arising as to informalities in connection with the balloting on the previous day for a clerical canon, and ' the Rev. G. MacMurray placing his resignation in the hands of the Assembly, a committee was appointed to obtain legal advice as to the legality of the election of the Rev. G. MacMurray as a canon of the Chapter of Christ Church Cathedral, and to report at a short special sitting at six p.m. The President, however, at this point, delivered his closing address. After the stone-laying festivities the As-embly' again met. The committee reported against the election, and a special Act was passed rapidly through all its stages, enabling a new election to take place by posted voting papers. On the motion of Archdeacon Julius, seconded by Mr. W. H. Barnard, the hearty thanks of the Assembly was passed to the Mayor /and Council of the city for the use of the Town Hall, the Mayor's room, and the council chamber. The Assembly then adjourned. r THE STONE-LAYING CEREMONY. Passing through the streets of Ballarat soon after noon on St. ;: Andrew's Day, it was observed that just as the shops were closed for the .weekly half -holiday knots of people began to gather, and the city became generally astir. Flags were flying gaily, deployed in the breeze from the City Hall and from many of the public buildings and chief places of business in honour of the occasion. The day was. one of bright summer character. Nothing detracted from its perfection but a dusty breeze. Prior to the laying of the stone, at two o'clock, the Governor and Lady Loch, with the Primate and the Bishops of Melbourne, Bathurst and Riverina, were entertained at luncheon in the Alfred Hall. The Bishop of Ballarat occupied the chair, having on his right hand the Governor, the Primate of Australia and Tasmania (Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney), the Bishop of Bathurst, and the Mayor of the city (Or. M'Donald). On his left hand were Lady Loch, the Bishops of Mel bourne and Riverina, the mayor of the town (Cr. Elsworth), and Archdeacons Cooper and Julius. The wives of these gentlemen also occupied seats at the head table. Archdeacons Beamish and Allanby occupied the vice-chairs. The attendance at the luncheon was not nearly so great as was anticipated. As the vice-regal party entered the hall Bnlch's Model Brass Band, which was stationed on the stage played the National Anthem. Subsequently the band took up its position in the gallery, and played several suitable selections during the progress of the luncheon. After the usual loyal toasts had been honoured (the band playing ' God Save the Queen' whilst that of Her Majesty was being received), The chairman proposed ' The Health of his Excellency the Governor (Sir Henry Brougham Loch) and Lady Loch.' In doing so his Lordship remarked that the chief representative in the colony of our beloved sovereign was always certain of receiving a very cordial welcome at the hands of the loyal citizens of Ballarat, city and town. That, no doubt was one reason why the reception ; accorded to Sir Henry Loch that day was so cordial. But this, though a very good reason, was by no means the only one that induced them to extend to his Excellency a warm welcome. Apart from his official position, Sir Henry Loch would be welcomed any where where there were those who could appreciate true manhood. (Applause.) There were other good reasons why the reception accorded to his Excellency should be cordial. They recognised in him a man who had discharged the many duties of his lofty office ' with singular ability, while his unfailing courtesy and genuine kind ness of heart had won for him the goodwill of all classes of the com munity. (Applause.) It was also a great delight to them to have Lady Loch amongst them. (Renewed applause.) If that lady were . not present he would say a great deal about the way in which she had conciliated all people and endeared herself to all classes. Lady Loch, added to that, not only by her charm of manner that her many accomplishments gave her, but still more by her even better qualities of heart and mind that the people of Ballarat were so well able to recognise. (Loud applause.) After further eulogistic references to the appropriateness of the Governor's connection with their work of that day, the toast was received with very evident marks of enthusiasm. His Excellency having suitably replied, the chairman here apolo gised for the unavoidable absence of the Chief Justice, the Premier, the Chief Secretary, the Attorney- General, Sir W. J. and Lady Clarke, the Hon. Hy. Cuthbert (Minister of Justice), the Hon. Agar Wynne, and others ; also-foT'the Bishops of Goulburn, Graf ton and Armadale, Perth, and Tasmania. The chairman next proposed the toast of ' The Most Rev. the Primate of Australia and Tasmania, and the visiting BiBhops of Melboutne, Bathurst, and Riverina.' The Primate and the Bishop of Bathurst having suitably responded, his Excellency the Governor proposed the health of the chairman, referring in complimentary terms to the earnestness and success of his .labours. The Bishop of Ballarat briefly replied, and the proceedings termi nated. By this time crowds were wending; their way from all points of the district to Lydiard-street and on to the cleared site for the new Cathedral, whilst the Alfred bells in the City Hall tower were pealing merrily in honour of the occasion. In the north transept of the present Christ Church the surpliced choirs were gathering and being marshalled, while the clergy of the diocese and visiting clergy from Melbourne were robing at Christ Church Vicarage and Hall. The Gover nor and party were received at the gates of the Church grounds by the Chapter and Cathedral Board, and punctually at four o'clock the pro cession moved slowly from the front of the Pro-Cathedral in the follow ing order : — Vergers, carrying wands, the vestry of Christ Church, com bined choirs of Christ Church and St. Peter's, with the men from St. Paul's, St. John's and All Saints', all in surplices and square caps, the licensed readers of the .dioceses in surplices, the diocesan clergy in full robes, Canons Chalmers and Vance (representing the Melbourne Chapter), Canon Cummins, the Archdeacon of Melbourne, the Arch deacons of the Wimmera, the Loddon, and Warrnambool, the Arch deacon of Ballarat (Vicar of Christ Church), the Bishops of Bathurst and Riverina, attended by the Rev. W. K.. Brodribb and the Rev. J. Lewis as their chaplains, the Bishop of Ballarat and. the Primate, attended by Canon Radcliff, bearing before them a pastoral staff, the Governor and his suite, the mayors of the city and town and town clerks in their official robes, tne Chancellor and Advocate of the Diocese, the remaining members of the Diocesan Council and Church Assembly. Through long lines of respectful spectators moved this decorous and stately procession, numbering upwards of two hundred persons, all robed according to their office, the surpliced choirs singing ' The Church's One Foundation.' The procession defiled to the southern extremity of the Church reserve, inside the boundary rails, and then curved, by a gradually descending path, to the northeast portion of the cleared ground, where a triangle, festooned with foliage and bannerettes that waved to the gentle breeze, had been erected for the purpose of raising and lowering the stone. When the dignified pageant had passed down to this spot, which is intended to be the north-east corner of the Cathedral, the choir and clergy filed to the north of the foundation-stone, while his Excellency and the officiating Bishops occupied positions on the dais east of the stone. A space was railed off for the public, but aB soon as the procession had passed, and those who took part in it had taken up their positions round the stone, the approaches were also thronged with spectators. In the immediate vicinity of the stone his Excellency the Governor and the officiating Bishops, with the clergymen and leading members of the laity, took their stand. A space had also been set apart for a strong choir of lady singers from the different Ballarat churches, whilst a few favoured ladies were accommodated with seats just behind the Governor and prelates officiating. At the close of the hymn the Bishop of Ballaiat addressed the assemblage as follows: — 'Dearly beloved in the Lord. — It is customary in the erection of important public buildings to lay with solemnity some principal stone, to represent the foundation or corner stone. In accordance with this custom, we are now assembled to lay the foundation stone of a building to be dedicated to the special service of God. Let ub then remember how it is written — 'Except the Lord build the house, their labour is but lost that build it, except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in ;' and let us implore the blessing of Almighty God on this our undertaking.' After responses and the Lord's Prayer, Archdeacon Julius read the prayer ordained for the occasion, and the 84th Psalm was chanted very effectively by the combined choirs. First and second lessons were read by the Bishops of Riverina and Melbourne respectively, when the Apostles' Creed was recited, the Primate leading. The Chancellor of the Diocese, the Hon. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.O., here read the following copy of a scroll, which, with copies of the Star, Courier, and Evening Post, and of the statutes of the Church, was enclosed in a bottle and deposited under the stone : — ' To the glory of Almighty God, for the advancement of his Holy Church, and in furtherance of true religion in this parish, and among the citizens of Western Victoria, this first stone of a cathedral and parish church, designed by Messrs. Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy, architects, and to be styled, Christ Church, Ballarat, was well and truly laid on Saint Andrew's Day, 30th November, A.D. 1888, in the fifty-second year of the happy reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Vic toria, Defender of the Faith, &c;, by Sir Henry Brougham Loch, K.C.B., G.C.M.G., Governor of Victoria, in the presence of Alfred, Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia and Tasmania ; Samuel, first Bishop of Ballarat ; the Bishops of Melbourne, Riverina, and Bathurst ; the MayorB of Ballarat and Ballarat East, and a large concourse of the clergy and laity of the Diocese of Ballarat, and of other citizens of the colony of Victoria.— Henry B. Loch, Governor of Victoria; Alfred Sydney, D.D., Primate; Samuel, D.D., first Bishop of Ballarat; F.F.Melbourne, D.D., Bishop of Melbourne; Sydney Riverina, D.D., first Bishop; Charles E. Bathurst, D.D., °' Bishpp' of Bathurst; J. G. M'Donald, Mayor of City; John L. Elsworth, Mayor of Town.' The treasurer of the Cathedral Fund (Mr. E. J. Webb) and the architect (Mr. Gilbert) were then formally presented to his Excellency, and the former handed to the Governor a very handsome gold trowel, inscribed as follows : — ' Presented to His Excellency Sir Brougham Loch, K.C.B., G.O.M.G., Governor of Victoria, on the occasion of his placing the foundatioh-Btone of Christ Church Cathedral, Ballarat. Sfc. Andrew's Day, 30th November, 1888.' The etone (which was a very massive one, engraved solely with A.M.D.G. in bold letters, and a plain cross) having been plnced in position (after his Excellency had formally touched the mortar with the trowel, the point of which was covered with a silver Bheath to protect it), Sir Henry tried the stone with a spirit level, and having tapped.it with a wooden mallet, said, 'In the Faith of ChriBt, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation-stone of a Cathedral and Parish Church, to be called Christ Church, Ballarat, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The hymn, ' O Lord of Hosts, whose glory fills,' was sung, after which the Bishop of BathurBt offered up two prayers appointed for the occasion. The Governor was then called upon by the Diocesan to address the assemblage, which by this time numbered probably 3500 persons. His Excellency said it was only after anxious consideration and . much hesitation that he accepted the responsible duty of laying the foundation-stone of the future Cathedral of Ballarat. He said respon sible, for he held that: in some sense the act he had just performed, and which a large gathering had assembled to commemorate, had a meaning beyond what the simple ceremony conveyed. A Cathedral was, in & special way, a monument dedicated to God. Although this might be said truly to apply to every church erected by any Christian community, still a Cathedral appealed to Churchmen as a church specially consecrated as the centre of diocesan life. It stood forth as a symbol of the unity of the Church to which it belonged. He did not feel that he had any right to be put forward to take part in such a ceremony. Men's characters differed very widely. There were some who found consolation in speaking to their friends about their doubts and fears; others shrank from discussion, and preferred communion with themselves, and to fight out the ques tions that troubled them in secrecy. One great value that might attach to a Cathedral was that it was always open to men and women Tf% f*t\ f Ol* a vi /I /trttYiwi nna ttti I-Vi tVioir rtnrn Ti^soTif a on/1 t*t-i #-Ti n*-tA TTa -w wuvw* } C4UVI WUJ1UU11U iriVU UUV11 \J II i* UVM1.LDJ C*lJVl iriUU UUU| 1.,^; trusted that many might thus derive comfort and peace in this Cathedral in future. Not only was a Cathedral a symbol of the unity that existed in a great diocese, but it enabled the members of all churches, in the diocese to meet there and hear the moat perfect rendering; of the beautiful Church service that could be given. He trusted the Cathedral might speak to future generations of the love and veneration of their forefathers for the religion which they handed down to their children as their best and moBt glorious privilege. The Primate said he had been asked to add a few words to the address — he might safely say touching address of his Excellency. He would take his motto from the opening words of the first lesson — 'Yet now be strong, 0 Zerubabel; and be strong, O ye people.' The exhortations of the prophet were addressed to the representa tives of authority, and to the general people. He was there to they had inaugurated that day. Though he was hastening home to his own diocese after a long absence, it had afforded him pleasure to pause to consecrate in Perth a stately and dignified building they had erected as a Cathedral, and he paused here not to see the completion but the beginning of .what he trusted would be a still greater work and a still nobler Cathedral church. He trusted that if the Cathedrals in England were amongst the most popular and vital elements of strength to the population, yet the Australian Cathedrals would be truer, to the old Cathedral idea, and would tend more to strengthen the Church. Through the circumstances of colonial life, the ideas that a Cathedral represented were of transcending importance. It was' an offering to the service of God of all of stateliness and beauty that they could command. He had no patience with that meanness of character displayed by the people who spoke of improving their houses while the church lay waste. He trusted the Cathedral would always be open as the home of the private devotions of the people, and also a place for the unbroken daily worship of Almighty God, and a pro test against the idea that the service of God should be concentrated on Sunday. The church where worship never ceaBed must be a great and a growing church, whatever else it might be. Christ Church Cathedral represented diocesan unity. It was a parish church, and he hoped it would never cease to be that ; but it was more, it was the mother church of the diocese. It was a place where every Churchman had a place and a right. He prized in the highest degree all the influence that witnessed for the higher unity of the Church. He knew there were other influences higher than the Cathedral. The work of the Bishop and the functions of the Synod worked to that end, but from his experience be wondered they had done so long without a Cathedral in Ballarat. It was a powerful influence for unity, and that perhaps was the most urgent need for which they should strive and pray. The foundation-stone was not laid that day to the glory of men, but to the glory of God, and that meant the requirements of the people in Jesus Christ. The stone that day was not laid without cheering' hope. After the Primate h'ad pronounced the benediction, many of those present filed past his Excellency ; and as they passed deposited their offering on the stone. The amount laid on the stone was £542, but this included money already promised. The total amount of new contributions was £476. The recessional hymn was then sung, the procession re-forming, and marching back to the Pro-Cathedral. In the evening a conversazione was held in the Alfred Hall, and was very largely attended. During the course of the evening the following resolution was presented to the Governor, on behalf of the Church Assembly, by Hon. H. Cuthbert, M.L.C., Minister of Justice: — 'That the best thanks of this Assembly be tendered to his Excel lency Sir Henry Brougham Loch, E.C.B., G.C.M.G., Governor of Victoria, for his kindness in consenting to lay the foundation-stone of the. new Cathedral of Christ Church, Ballarat, on St. Andrew's Day ; and that this expression of its gratitude be conveyed to hie Excellency in full confidence that in the good Providence of God the work thus auspiciously begun will be carried to a happy completion.' After his Excellency's reply, and an interval for music and conver sation, the Lord Bishop of the Diocese and Archdeacon Julius pre sented the following to the Primate and other prelates : — ' That thia Assembly tenders its most respectful greeting to the Primate of Aus tralia and Tasmania on bis return from the Lambeth Conference, and its grateful thanks to his Lordship and the Bishops of Australia, who, by their promise to attend the stone-laying of the Cathedral Church, have already done bo much to encourage the Churchmen of this diocese in their great and important enterprise.' The Primate and the Bishop of Melbourne gave stirring and interesting addresses in acknowledgment. Before the proceedings terminated, the mayor of the city, supported by Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C., and Mr. J. Russell, M.L.A., offered a resolution expressive of the interest and sympathy of the Christian . citizens generally in the undertaking so happily inaugurated that day. This was carried with expressions of unanimous approval. 