Chattzb IV.—"As a Debam When One ' Awaketh." , in the turmoil and. contusion of the previotw three days, Hoy had scarcely had time for doubt or fear. Besides, he had been, enveloped in his triumph of love as in a coat of mail, •• through -which no earthly enemy could touch him.. He seemed to himself to be lifted into a serener air, a clime of brightness and everlast ing exultation. He walked amongst men as a prince in .disguise, thinking to himself, " If they but knew what a kingdom is mine own!" ' -It was a phase of folly which most men pass through, and laugh at when it is past. And \- yet how infinitely poorer would their lives have b6en withont it. But now, in the very realisation of his desire, a cold chill of fear attacked him. His glance , at RoseV face; was not reassuring. .Had she been in anyway, coerced.into this marriage? . She had never yet Baid that she loved him. t. • When alone with her, he coold not forbear to pat his thought into words. My darling," he said, kneeling down before her, as Bhe sat in a low chair in the little . parlour of the old farm-house, and putting his ' arms gently round her waist," my own darling, yon will never regret what you have done, will . yon ? You have not been hurried in any way ? At a word from yon I would have waited—but he told me that you consented, and I have \- scarcely, had. time to hear your consent from ' your own sweet lips. Was there ever a wooing or a wedding so strange and swift as ours has \- been, my,Rose? Tell me now, at least, that you loveme.and that you will trust me to " She^smile^at him rather uneasily. "Oh, yes," she said, "I trust you per -feotly."- •;'•'••• " And love me, Bose ? " " Oh, of course," she said, with a laugh that jarred upon his oar. " Why else should I bave married you ? You haven't a fortune to give, you know.V.s Then, seeing perhaps that he was hurt, she. leaned towards him and kissed his forehead. " I care for you, not for a fortune," •heaaid, lightly. ! " My love'! But I have something to give you, though it is not a fortune. Are you fond •f pretty tilings, like all women ? These were my; mother's; jewels; I have brought them from London for •; you." He opened the-cases and showed her their contents. "There is nothing especially valuable," he said,."except this diamond pendant and the bracelets. Tho pearls are good, however; my mother wore those on her wedding day Tho diamonds will Buit you best, Rose—or this set of emeralds." V Ob, they'ro lovely!" cried Rosa,'with en thusiasm.' Her colour rose, and her eyes danced with delight. " Oh, do let mo put them on— just to see how they look. I never wore real jewellery before—only Palais Royal things My goodness, what a lot they must have cost!" She clasped the nooklaco round her throat and the bracelets on her wrists, then rose and surveyed herself in tho littio looking glass over the mantel- piece. ~ " I can't see myself here," she said, craning herneok to get a bettor view, utterly regard less of Roy, who stood by with tho empty cases and thought of Gretchen—only poor Roy would have raado a very indilferent Mophisto pheles and not much of a Faust, when all was said and dono!—and admired his wifo's ex quisitely rounded contours, uad volvety rich ness of colouring to his heart's content. " I'll tell you what I'll do," she said, turning to him at last. " There's a good -looking gla6B in Mr. Carew's room. I'll just run up and take a look at myself in it. It's the best glass in the house." Roy caught her hand. "Rose, Roso! ihiuk what you aro doing! My darling, do not disturb a dying man in that *ay. Yon have forgotten." She paused, glanced at him sideways, and Ihcji burst into a laugh which startled him by jUlikenes* to Mr. Cn row's sneering tones. J* Oh yes, I had loigottau," oho uuiu fully. "I'mout of hie power, at any rate; what do f care for him ? I'd like to hate a good dance now, to show him that I am glad, ome, if I may not go up stairs let's have a waltz, Roy; I can-waltz beautifully." "You oandoeverythlngheautifmly,iiiydar ling," said Roy, who Was more startled by this exhibition of callousness than he would have cared to acknowledge—to Sir Kendrick, at any rate—" and therefore you. will do what becomes a good, true, beautiful woman, who must foel sorry for the sufferings of another- " Again she buret out into that dry, discordant "You solemn creatnre," 8he exclaimed. ' Are you going preach to me already ? " And then she began to pirouette lightly round the room; a bewitching vision of youth and health and beauty, which Roy could not fail to admire.', the sun was pouring a flood of light through the western window, tinting all that it touched with gold. Rose in her white frock, with the fire of the diamonds on her neck and arms, was at that moment dazzlingly beautiful... Roy forgot to reprove her heedless ness—might it not rather be culled her heart lesaness—in the intoxication of her beauty. She was only a child, he said to himself, ex cusing^; she was over-excitod; she would learn in time. ■ If the manner of the wedding was odd, the way in whioh the honeymoon begun was odder. Husband and wife were summoned betore long to the bedside of the dying man upBtairs. They watched beside him for some time, and then Hoy watched alone. But Mr. Carew did not die at break of day as the doctor had predicted. He lingered oh, in an insensible condition, for two days longer. Joscelyn and Rosamond were with him when he died. He had lain insensible so long that they did not expect any signs of consciousness as the death-hour drew near. But just at the last he opened his eyes and fixed them upon Rose as though he knew her. She shrank back, and would have slipped out of the room had Roy not detained her with a caressing clasp and word. She was wearing her favourite colour— pink—aud the diamonds still glittered round herneok. >Bhe had refused to lay them aside, insisting, that they were too beautiful to be shut up in -morocoo cases, and Roy had humoured her as he would have humoured a pretty, wilful child. It was the gleam of the ' stones that seemed to have caught Sir. Carew's "Why should I spare you!" she cried. dimmed eye. He raised bis band and pointed to her with bis long, yellow, trembling finger. "Tell him," he said in hoarse, almost indis tinguishable accents. "Tell him—all." And then his hand dropped; a film came over his eyes—thero was}a rattling sound in his throat, a slight convulsion of his limbs, and then his jaw fell—it was all over; he was dead. Rose had to be carried out of the room; she had fainted, and when she came to herself she passed into strong hysterics. Hoy tended her carefully, affectionately, feeling himself strangely - helpless before this exhibition of feminine feeling ; and when she i was calmer, and seemed disposed to sleep, he went ont of doors in order to get a little fresh air and change of scene after the strain of the last few days. .He had one or two subjects of reflection which he was glad to ponder on in silence for a little time. Now that no duty bound his wife to tho old farm-house, ho must decide upon the coarse that they were to take. Ho could not stay any longer in that lonely vil lage : he hud not money enough to live without working, and he revolved in his mind various methods of earning a livelihood. He was very hopeful of success in the world; it did not seem possible t« him that he should over fail in what ho undertook. He meant to go to London, and fight his way to literary distinction. With Hose by his side, he said to himself that ho could not but succeed! He had announced his marriage to Sir Kcu* rick, and had received in reply a stem command noverto show his face at Rotherwood again, nor to expect help or favour of any kind. Sir Kenriok had done with him for ever. For tlio loss of fortune Roy cared not at all, hut he was Borry to have quarrelled with his uncle, who had hither to boon always kind to him. Hose, however, was his wit'o; and that made up for everything else. Now that the watching and tho waiting by Mr. Cure sv's sick-bed wore over, he could tako her away and make her com pletely his own. He lost himself in dreams about tho future, and wandered so far over tho hills that when ho reached tho farmhouse again, twilight had begun to fall. He went up to Rose's room and found ber lying on the bed, calm enough now, but very pule. " Are you bettor, Hose, my d.trlinglie asked ber. " Oh. yes. I'm ail right. It was the shock of seeing—seeing the "old man—die." " It wan a shock, no donl/.. P---m o - l!;' -vhig Ms liiuiu. sootiiliig!y jUj.i jrs. To his surprise ahp drew iv away. 11 Don't touch me," she said, petulantly. "Let mealone." He looked at her for a moment In amaze, then seated himself at a little distance from her. It must be, he thought, the shock, the grief, of losing hot adopted father that mado her speak so aiigrily. He Was httf t by her tone, but not displeased/ , " Shall I take off your necklace?" h6 said, seeing the glitter of stones on her neck. " It must be uncomfortable—" 1 " Can't you let me alone ?" she said Again; " If I choose to keep them on, it is nothing to | you." " Hose! Everything thatyou do is important tome." "Is it? I'm sorry for it." She laughed insolently as she spoke* " You'll soon find ont your mistake." " What do you mean f' " Why don't you ask what old Carew meant when he said ' tell himf He meant you : I was to tell you something, you know. What do you suppose it was ?" " If there is anything you ought to tell me," said Roy, with & terrible sinking at heart, " for heaven's sake, Hose, tell me now, without further delay. I can hear anything, if only— if only—you love me." He came a step nearer and laid his hand upon her arm. " Say you love me, Rose. Your love is all that I want." She broke forth again into the wild laughter that Roy disliked. " Why should I say what is not true ?" she said. " He is not here now, to threaten mo and torture me. You don't know what ho was—a gambler, a thief, a wretch—yoa don't know how he used to treat n e! He forced me to say that I would marry you; but I thought—I thought—he would have diod first! I never loved you—never. I hate you now. I wish I might never see your face again." "You do not know what you are saying," said Roy, with extreme agitation. "Rose, think again— spare me " "Why should I spare you?" she cried, springing up and facing mm, with a fierce light in. her eyes and hot, red spots *of colour iu her cheeks. "Was I ever spaced? I have had a miserable life—not that I care—hut I will pretend and lie and fawn no longer now that the old man is dead. I hated him, and he hated me. He wanted to make me miser able for ever; and eo he forced me to marry yau." " How could he force you to do what you did not wish?" " Oh, he had ways and means. I never thought that he was going to die. I thought that he was just making-believe, to work upon your feelings. I expected to see him get up and go about again in a day or two. If I had known—oh, if I had but known !" "You would not have married mo?" said Hoy, in a very quiet voice. He felt as if frozen — turned into stone by ibis revelation. "I would have killed you first," cried she, as if goaded into frenzy by tbc question. She looked wonderfully handsome as she stood before him with her hair loose, floating over her magnificents boulders, her eyes aflame with her indignation and her disdain. Unwomanly she might be, but in her passionate recoil from the man that Ehe did not love she was also half euperb. But reaction followed close upon excitement. She suddenly burst into tears, and sank down upon a low couch, covering her face with her nanas, ana -weeping hko a cuuu. Boy fancied that this show of emotion meant remorse, perhaps repentance and returning tenderness. His love had been terribly wounded, but it was still alive and strong. He bent over her, callingher iyfond names, promising to make her happy—promising to nwke her love him before long, vowing all the thousand and one things that he thought might perhaps avail to Btop her tears and soothe her grief. But he felt all the time liko one who has received a stunning blow. The future was dark before him, the world was black; all that he could think of was how to console the beautiful, sobbing creature that he had unwittingly en trapped against its will. His efforts at last seemed be be crowned with some success. She became silent and calm; she allowed him to hold her hand and to kiss her still averted cheek. He was cheered by the sight of her passiveness, for hn was young and hopeful, and did not know that in a woman tempest islcss to be dreaded than sullen caliu. He left her alone, at last, as bhe ex pressed a wish to sleep, and he, after a melan choly 6troll in the gardtn, flung himself down on the horsehair sofa iu the parlour, and there fell at last into a deep slumber—the slumber of an utterly exhausted nun. The sau was high in the heavens when he awoke to find his landlady regarding him with perplexity and amaze. "Oh, Mr. Joscelyn, sir, and what mekye here?*' she said. " I thought ye were out wi' your wife." Is sho out r" said Boy, starting up. ' Ecs, indeed she be. An* her bed not bin slept in neither. She <lu tuko the old gentle- j man's death to heurt, sho du." I 1 I'll go and meethor. " She's gono for a walk," said Joscelyn, hurriedly. " Get break- I fast ready, Mrs. Powell; we'll bo back soon." 1 And away ho went iutu the sunny morning J aiv, with a cold weight at his heart, of fear [ that ho could scarcely uuderstand. j The fear gathered form and substance fast | enough. For, though he waited, and watched, and searched for her—patiently, at first, and ; then with a fury of distressful pain—Rosa mund never came back. What became of her nobody seemed to know. There was a great limit for her on the hills—whoro they thought she might have lost licr way—and among the low rocks <uid oozo of the sea-beach, where nauy :i men woman had been betrayed to ieutii by ur.«u<rtiin ft ".'•holds and treacherous > aid.'---b i' :hv.y found no tr'H-n of her. Sho h.id 'eft jioy Jos-civil for ever. One c&nuot; help pitying tlw poor lad ut this portion of hie career. He had given up every* thing for love—friends, home, portion—and love had failed him, publicly and ignomimouBly. The strange disappearance of a beautiful girl could not easily bo bushed up, and before many days had elapsed the event was commented upon in all the newspapers. By the time that it was made public, however, there had been ample opportunities for Bosamond to leave the country, if she were so inclined. For, after the conversation that he had. with her, Boy did not believe that she was dead. He haunted the place like a ghost, in the vain hope that she might return, ior some little time after Mr. Carew's funeral. He avoided all his friends; would not speak to the clergyman in the village streets; refused to notice the boys, Neil and Godfrey, to whom he had once been carelessly kind. Neil used to watch him curi ously, but kept out of his way. Godfrey, on the contrary, hung about at his heels like a dog and once attempted some blunt word of sym pathy, but Rot simply looked at him blankly, as though he odd not understand, and went on his way before the boy had finished his blunder ing, ill-constructed sentence. No wonder people said that he was going out of his mind. It was Buch a sudden downfall 1 He had been so buoyant, so bright, so intoxicated with love's young dream; and now he had found, all at once, that love could betray, that women were sometimes false, and that treachery might meet him on every hand. It was a terrible ordeal for a man; he did not come out of it unscathed. Old Sir Kenrick relented when he heard of Boy's trouble, and wrote him a friendly letter, bidding him come back and take his old place at home. But Boy took bo notice of this com munication. He did not care what people Baid or thought of him; he was only quite certain that he would never again look into the face of those whom he had once accounted his friends. He would go to a new country and win his way there either to fortune or death. Within two months after his ill-starred marriage, therefore, he started for the anti podes, with the remainder of his small fortune in his pocket, and a full determination never to set toot in the Old World again. With his wanderings in distant lands we have nothing to do. He gained money and he lost money; he had many adventures of different kinds; he went to New Zealand and Australia and America, but he did not stay long in any place. On the whole he was an unsuccessful man. It was when he was in America that the news of his wife's death came to him. He had letters from a solicitor about it, the certificate of her death and burial, and a few trifling relics of her possessions. And then he first felt conscious that a new life might yet begin for him, and that the courage and energy which he had so miserably wasted in his youth, were yet existent and might be turned to good account. What should he do r Should he go back to England, and try to retrieve the past ? But he was a poor man still, and he had been nine years abroad. What career was open to him in England ? While he was hesitating, a letter was put into his hands. He tore it open hastily, for, although the handwriting was strange to him, the postmark was that of Botherston, the town near Sir Kenrick's house. And this was what he read:— •'Sib,—I write at the request of Sir Kenrick Joscelyn (whose hands are disabled through illness) to beg you to pay him a visit. He is old and feeble, and wishes, he sayB, to see you once more before he dies. " Tours faithfully, "Laube>*ce Eble." " His secretary, I suppose. Poor old man," said Roy to himself. 44 Ah, here's a postscript —can Laurence Erie be a woman?"—4If this appeal does not touch you, let mo add that I sure you would feel it your duty to return )nce, did you know all toe circumstances of Sir Kenrick's present life.* What does that mean, I wonder? Have toe Desmonds got hold of him ? I'll start to-morrow.'' (To be continued.) 