vtlic Jjumcrist HAMLEI. Hun'.lf-t, I'rince of Denmark, hid a grievance. Tnis grievance was caused by the dtatli cf his father, who according to Hamlet's idea, was a man from the ground up, ami one that you don't run across every day in the wtek. One day Hamlet heard of a stray ghost resembling his father very much prowling around at night, and as hie father was in the habit o£ prowling around at night when he teas a'ive Hamlet came to the conclusion that this (-host must be his father's. Hamlet had a friend on the police force named Horatio,-and as this ghost prowled around on Horatio's beat Hamlet laid for the ghost one nipht. Horatio and Hamlet had a little conversation, and Hamlet bad smoked a couple of cicarettee, when all of a sudden the ghost appeared on time, Hamlet was almost frightened to death for som6 unknown reason; probably be thought his father (the ghost) had seen him smoking the cigarettes and was going to give him a lecture on the bad effects of the filthy weed and slam him against the fence, just as he did before he became a spook. However, the ghost said nothing about the cigarettes, as he had more serious business in his mind, so to speak. After be had enticed Hamlet away from Horatio he told him a tale that made each rarticnlar hair curdle in his veins and bis blood stand on end and made him groan in si frightful manner. The ghost cleared his throat and went on to tell how his own brother Claudius poured the juice of Hebenon in hiB ear one afternoon while he was gently snoozing in his own garden. This juice of Hebenon went through his Bystem at a 2.10 gait, and when it palled out at the grand stand there was a dead king in Denmark. Claudius had won the rase, b'lt it was a mean thing for him to do. There is one redeeming feature in ClaudiuB, and that is he ^evidently repented the cruel deed be bad committed, and thinking he ongbt to suffer some for it married the queen ana filled his brother's place as well as he oculd. After Hamlet heard the ghoBt s story he became very gloomy, and went around muttering something about gardens that needed weeding, &c.; The consequence was that King Claudius smelt a mouse, and made up his mind to send Ham, as be was familiarly called, to some foreign country for the first little indiscretion he committed. He did not wait long, for Ham soon after killed an old idiot named Polonius, for which little pleasantry his uncle Claudius sent him to .England. Ab Buffalo Bill was not in England at the time of Ham's visit he did not care to stay tbere long; and Claudius was surprised one morning at breakfast to receive a little note from bis nephew saying he was back in Denmark " busted" and almost starved to lleatb. Besides all this trouble Hamlet had a little family feud to settle. Laertes, the son of Polonius, whom Ham had slain, was hunting for him and talked about cutting his throat in a church, stamping on him, and amusing himself generally at Hun's expense. Claudius became Laertes's business manager, and got Ham into a nice little hole by arranging a duet with swords between bim and Laertes. As Ham played the treble be had things his own way at the beginning ; but in the finale, where it required good work by the bass performer, Laertes put Ham out of his misery. All the other parties implicated kill each other, and the curtain descends while slow music fills the audi- ^ ' ence with anguish.—Texas Si/tings. i 