TALE. . .t. A Visit from A Corpse. Ahi ! La hellanigmrim ' c palUdeUdeslant:*' poverina .'' These words were addressed to me years ago by the padrona of a hotel, which my mother audi had just reached, after a long fatiguing night journey, and, trivial as they may appear, I remember them distinct ly, as well as every other circumstance that occurred during the eventful four-and-twenty hours which succeeded our arrival at the Hotel d'Oro in Florence, on the 17th of Sep tember, 18-1—. My lately, widowed mother and myself (a girl of soventeen) had been traveling in Italy for months, .after an aimless, erratic fashion ; for ihe, poor soul, was endeavouring, through change of scene and fatigue of body, tj deaden the memory of her grief; and we hud started the night .before from A to avoid the heat of a day journey, arriving in the early morn ing at the Hotel d'Oro, an imposing building situated on the banks of the Arno, and former ly a palace of the Este and Borgia families, whose quaint monograms and devices orna mented its walls, both within and without. We were conducted to our apartments by the pretty pnitroiia, and, a# we wearily passed through the magnificent vestibule and as cended the broad marble stairoaso, I was curiously reminded (my nerves iug prob ably in an irritated condition) of ' pioturc I had sfeen in a child'sstory-bjjk, 0t a pretty little girl with long hair, who is mounting a stair leading to a hanging gallery, so exsotly like the one before us that as wo came to an abrupt turn I positiveiy stopped and shud dered, expecting to be met (as in the picture) by a: cruel-faced, velvet-footed panther, whichwas waiting round the corner with open mouth and glaring eyo to spring upon its unsuspecting victim ! A silly, childish story, no doubt, but just one of those which would eling to one's memory. The visitors',apartments on the Stat piano of the HAtel,d'Oro opened upon the hanging gallery, /and wa were conducted to ours through a doorway concoaled by a heavy piece of tapestry. ■ 'Is the sit/itvra satisfied?' asked the p« drotot, as with pardonable prido she threw open the door of a spacious and beautiful salon," wineh owned French window?, opening'upon a delightful roomy balcony. 'Oh, yes!' answered my mother, wearily ; ' but pray(take us at once to our sleeping rooms, for we are very tired,' Tho pailroim took the tint, and led us to two rooms leading out of the W<u<. and into each other, which were beautifully furnished, but one'was so sniall that I indignantly ex claimed : ' Mamma ! I really oan't sleep in a box!— and in. this heat, too !' ' Have you any other room you could give Lady Muriel P' my mother aaked tho pathema, who refieoted for a moment and then said: • I have, siffuoru. It belongs to a suite of rooms >prepared for the Russia" Princess Lipetska and her siok son! and attendants, whom we.expect in a few hours; but the Doctor, ,who engaged them, desired us to shut up three or four of the bed-rooms, as there was; too many; so lady Muriel's maid could sleep .there also—close to her—iust aoross the gallery..'., . My mother, said: ,' lf .you are suce you have a right to give her these 'rooms, that will do.perfectly,' ,ltSo,aU being satisfactorily arranged,' I betook myself to my, apartment,, acoompanied bjjr the pailro-M', rbut when . I first entered it, my spirits (generally daring to a fault) went down to zero. The room was so large! So gloomy! The walls wer« hung with dingy tapestry, which trembled and flapped each time a door was . shut, or that one' walked aoross the room ; making the grotesque andbideoas figures represented upon it;" seemingly instinot with life and with art agony of eagerness to leap from the walls and proffer me'a dreadful' welcome ! The bed,> too, was far from reassuring in its ghost-like grandeur. It was'a earred oak ' four-poster'; - an ivory and; ebony crucifix was sailed at its head, the curtains were dark green velvet,; and .plumes of feathers waived at each corner of the canopy, being constant ly stirred by mysterious gusts of air, and emitting, a rustling sound suggestive of dead leaves—melancholy in the extreme. Added to all this I counted five doors in .■ the i room, andthejKiffrpiM, noticing my uneasy glances towards, them,' assured me they were looked, proving her words by pushing and pulling them violently while turning the handles, at the Bame time talking. Yolubly in Italian. . I was, of course, obliged, after the good lady's exertionsj to profess myself satisfied, and she was just leaving the room when the bell which hung in the court yard began to, ring and tiie'jiiiilroiiii, running with apologies to my baloony, which overhuug the grand en trance, uaDed'out hastily •' ' Jj sdy Muriel! Vnh ! JScro la prbicijiessa erf il priHcipc! guards-and then hurried down-stairs. I ran and leoked ont, and true enough, tho Russians had arrived, hours before they were expeoted, and] with nmch curiosity I wntohed them as thoy alighted. There wero several clumsy vehicle*, each drawn by throe horses, tho Princess and her lady occupying tho first. Th« Princess was helped out of her on iris go by two footmen (tho exsot conutcrpart of each other), having greasy Kulmuo faces, flat nose* and eyes a In Vhiwire, and sho seemed tall and finely formed, with a olear, pale completion, lawny colored hair and cyo-laahes (the latter being 1 unusually thick and long), and walked with singular dignity m she entered the hotel. Tho occupants of the second vehiclo (a sort of invalid oarriBge) greatly interested me. First » pi i«M, with lowering faco and shovel hat, and who hud seemingly descended from one of the carriages at the rear, entorcd tho bed- carriage, and proceeded to hand out a bag, some pillows and a fur rug; then giving a sign to the footmen, they soramblod up tho oamago steps like performing monkeys, and slowly and carefully drew forth tho long lanky legs of a boy of about sixteen, whoso shoulders and hetid wore supported by a serious- looking young man, who, I sub sequently learned was an English dootor. The young Prinoo seemed very ill, for ho 1 neither spoke nor moved, nnd took no notice of anyone. I wax eager to seo his face, but both doctor and priest wero determined ho should not be exposed to tho vulgar gaze, for his cup was pulled over his oyes, and his I figure was euvelopod in a large shawl; but as ho was being disengaged from tho carriago his head fell backward and his cap slipped off, and in his anxiety to catoh it, ono of the servants entangled his fuot iu the shawl, dragging it completely off; and although the priest hastily replaced it and the cap (easting meanwhile a withering look at the terrified menial), ho did not prevent my having a momentary view of the thin faoe and ema oiated figure of tho sick boy. Ho was deadly j pale, his eyes were closed and he appeared unconsoious of all]around; till strangely, and for an instant (during the excitement caused by loss of his cap), I fancied he slightly opened his eyes—and looked at me ! but he was carried so quickly into the hotel that 1 could not be certain of the fajt. I felt no further interest in the occupants of the other carriages, but I longed to seo all I oould of the Prince and his stiange entoitntyc; so I crept into tho gallery overlooking the marblo hall, and waited; knowing that, as his apartments were next to mino, the Prince must pass that way. As I leaned over the gallery balustrade, watching, I fancied there seemed some delay, some consternation in the hall among the ' attendants, but I was too far oft' to make out the cause; at last, however, I saw them coming, currying the Prince up the stairs on a stretcher. As soon as they had nearly reached, the landing, I ran back and hid myself bohiml my own door to see them go by xt was quite a procession. First came tho Princess (how beautiful sho was, and how arrogant sho looked !), and by her side was the priest, talking in low, agitated whispers, while she appeared to listen in proud, sullen silenoo. Then tho seemingly inanimate body was tarried by, by the doctor (whose face was deadly pale) and some servants. As the Frinco and his bearers passed I involuntarily moved out of my hiding-place, and the dootor perceiving me, startod slightly, and again I thought the siok boy's heavy eyelids qui verod and slightly unclosed. He was fallowed by a troop of dirty, savage-looking servants, who chattered noisily in somegutteral tongue as thoy walked, until the priest turned and frowned them into silence. All excitement being now over, Hay down and endeavored to sleep, but my mind would not rest; so, after tossing about uneasily for an hour or two, I rose and ran in to my mother, and, as I was relating to her oil I had seen, the p«dcuit<t knocked and anxiously craved an interview, and began along story, speaking so rapidly in Italian that I could not understand her; but my mother, being a good linguist, did, and was evidently deep ly interested in what she heard ; gradually, however, a look of hoiror overspread her facKj and finally, pointing at me, sbo put her finger upon her lip, a gesture which apprised me, of course, that something was going for ward wbicli I was not to know, and which equally, of coarse, decided me upon discover ing what that ' something' was; so, losing no time, I run to my maid Susette, who was arranging my room, and asked what had happened. At first she refused to tell me, increasing my curiosity a hundred-fold by adding, ' The jxidrona had begged her to be silent.' Eventually the French-woman's love of gossip got the upper hand, and with many nods and winks and * hushes' she con fided to me that the young Prince was— dead! 'Dead !' I gasped. 1 Yes, dead !' reiterated Susette. . She then proceeded to say that the young mail had been so ill during the jouruey that the doctor doubted his arriving alivo, but the Prince had suoh a longing to get to Florence that they hurried on. The dootor insisted upon travelling alone with his patient, (great I care and- quiet being indispensable); but whon they arrived within a few miles of Florence, the Prinoo was taken so suddenly worse that the carriages were stopped, and the doctor called in the priest, considering death imminent; the invalid lived, however, to be lifted into the hotel, but as he was ( being oarried through the marble hall, the doctor, called out to tho bearers to stop, and before the poor fellow could be placed upon a couch—be expired. I was too awe-stricken to speak; but when my astonishment had in a measure subsided, I began to reason, and I raid to Susette : ' "VVho told you this?' ' The pnilronn' answered the maid. ' Did she see it happen ?' 'No,' said Susette, 'tho Princess bogged the padrone and hiswifo to stay behind and superintend the unloading of tho carriages, so that the Prince's luggage might be brought j up at once. The dame de compagnie told the I p«dran« how it all occurred, and fhe told me,' YWell,1 I exclaimed, excitedly,' it is a very odd story, for I saw the young Prince's face twice, and he looked exactly the same both times, very pale and quiet, hut not dead.' ' Hush, Lady Muriel,' whispered Susette: 1 do not speak so loud,; for the jtin/mm in the hurry and distress of the arrival, did not mention to the Princess that you were in this I room ; ehe told the doctor ' And what did he say ?' I asked qniokly, 'He Boomed put out at first, and said ho feared the Prinoeso would bo displeased, but when the jjiirfromi told him that yon were ' only a fignorim ' ho seemed satisfied.' ' And yon allowed mo to Btay all this timo in a room to which I had no right,' I exclaimed hotly (my dignity boing hurt also, at being considered a nonentity). 'How could you do so ? 1 shall go at once to mamma, and * 1 Wait, Lady Muriel,' interrupted Susctto ; ' I will see tho padronu, when she can attend to us; at present they are all in suoh troublo | about tho Prince's death.' '1 do not beliove he is dead, for us ho passed mo I am almost fiuro he opened his | eyes and looked at mo !? ' People's eyes are often half, open when] thoy arc dead,' said Susotte. •Maybe,' I argued; 'but peoplo don't | open thoir eyes after thoy are dead.' ' Ah ! bah !' said Susotto, irritably, anoyed at hor story being doubted, ' tho Prince is dead now, at all ovonts, for I stood by whilo | you were lying down, and I saw crosses, tapers, pictures and all kinds of things being I carried iuto his room, and tho Doctor saw mo j and oatno up hastily to rae, and said ho had not yot told tho Princess that you slept in that room, and that I had better keep it quiet at presont. Then ho asked who you were F How old? Whether' you slept alone? And then he asked me to do him a favor, for ho oould net, he said, loave tho room for a moment himself, so would I fetoh ono of tho footmen, Ivan by name, as he must tell him to go out and buy flowers for the death ohatabtr; so I fetched him, and on my return tho Doctor pnt a gold piece in my hand and said, as he could not speak Italian, ho might want my help again.' I would not | answer Siwotte, and I told hor to leave me, fori was annoyed at getting mixed up with tho Russians, angry, too, with tho Doctor for ottering money to my maid, and still ! more angry with hor for taking it; then— what oould he mean, saying he might want Susett's help again ? Surely there woro Russians enough to do thoir own behests. ' There is something strange about it all,' I soliloquized, ' and I hate these Russians—I ; don't know why—and I will not remain among thorn-; I will move into ' the box' at onoe.' Having thus lashed myself into a state of high wrath, I burst out of my room into tho passage, and to my unspeakable annoy auce, I ran up against the priest, who (with tho Princess) was standing at my door. I murmured, ' Pardon !' and would have, passed on, but tho Princess, looking amazed at my [ appearance, camo forward and said civilly: 1 Ah! pretty Lady Muriel, I heard you wero in the hotol; have you lost your way ? tho galleries are so alike. Shall I conduct you back to your room ? Wlure do you sleep ?' 'Here, madamo,' I said rather defiantly, pointing to my room, determined to show | that I had nothing to hide. Tho lady looked surprised, but quickly | recovering herself, said : ' Ah ! so near us ! You are in the midst of | much sorrow.' 'J*Tho young Prince,' I said awkwardly— ' how is he ?' ' Ah ! you do not know; ho is dead, alas !' I had no timo to roply, for the priest, . who had been watching) mo intently, came forward and whispered in the Princess* ear, upon whioh sho^said to mo : 'Would you like to seo my poor son yourself F I hesitated—for I had never seen death but I was curious, very curious, and the Prinoess seeing my hesitation, took me firmly by the hand, and opening tho door of her apartments, led me in. Vov a moment I was perfectly dazed at what met my sight. The room <vas large and in utter darkness, except immediately round tho couoh upon which the dead Prince lay, and there innumeiable oandles of all | sizes were blazing like a iiory barrier defend ing him from the outer world. The Dootor was standing close to the body, burning some condiment whioh he held in a dish; he looked steadily at mo and gontly drew down) the white coverlet, whioh shrouded the whole figure, from off the head and upper portion of the body, so that I might see the sad but boautiful face, which was as white as the roses and camellias whioh surrounded it. The hair, eyebrows and eyelashes were very black, and the pale, slender fingers were lightly crossed over a crucifix whioh rested on [ tho broast. I gazed tearfully at the pathetic young face, whioh seemed hardly, if at all j changed. ' How exquisite!' I sighed, ' and how quickly fvery thing has bean arranged ! May | I go nearer ?' ' Yes,' answered tho Princess, ' but not | within tho lights; but—how pale you are ! You had better stay no longer.' ' There is such a strange, sweet smell, i whioh overcomes me.' ' Ah .' from tho riolots and Gape jasmine : . wo can none of us stay in tho room; hut you are so pale! You must come away.' Then putting hor handkerchief up to her Jeyes she added: ' He will be buried to-morrow; they bury so quiokly here.' 'Poor boy,1 I ejaculated, ' Jburst into | tear*. ' You will tell Madame la Comtesse,' said the Prinoess, 'how calm, how happy he looks, and that we have had a devoted English doctor all through ; he is here now, you see, and he will not leave Michael's room, even to eat.' I looked at the Doctor as she spoko, and fancied IJiaw the ghost of a smile flit over his face, and not foaling kindly disposed toward him, 1 said to myself, ' Heartless, like all the rest,' then turning to the Prinoess, I said ooldly: ' I will tell my mother that I have seen you, I Madame, and your poor son, but,' I added, hesitatingly,' does he look calm and happy ? Is there not—rather—a look of fear upon his | face?' Tiie Princess answered shortly, 1 Perhaps | you have never s«en death before ?' ' No, madamo,' I returned, ' but if all dead faces look as beautiful, as full of pathos as this one, why * should people ever dread seeing them f With this I courtesied ceremoniously to the Princess and left her, and, after hastily dressing for a drive, I joined my mother and related to her all I had seen and heard. My mother was rather startled when she heard my account; but seeing I had sustained no nerve shook, she only said ; 'I hope, darling, tho young man died of | nothing infectious?' ' Oh, no, mama; he has been ill for a long | time ; the Princess told me so.' 'I wish she had not spoken to you, Muriel; I begged the pwlrom to tell' you nothing about it, for fear of alarming you. I hope J tho room, you sleep in is not next the Prince's, | or you will be frightened.' 'It takes a great deal to Alarm me, mamma,' I said ovusiroly, mid with a con temptuous laugh; go, aftor this conversation, I resolved to ask nothing nbout my wish to move, for I was foolishly vuin of my repu tation for ooolness and courage, and I felt sure, wore I now to express it wish to ehango my room, it would bo endangered; so, sotting aside my dignity, I dcotnod it best to Ioavo tho distribution of tho rooms as it was. _ A- short tiroo afterwards wo started on a sight-seoing |cxpodition, and, aftor a cozy littlo dinner and a short rest on tho balcony, we retired for tho night. I was quickly undressed, and after Susotto had left me, as I thought, for good, sho returned, saying hor room was so small, might sho hang hor bonnet and cloak, etc., in tho rccoss within mine, which had boon doroted to tho carriage boxes ? I was still too put out with hor oither to object or ngreo to anything sho might proposo; in fact, I felt that as long as sho loft mo personally in peaeo, sho might hang horsolf up thero on a peg till tho morning, without any let or hindrance from me. So sho did as she wished, and after replacing tho portiere ovor tho recess, sho once moro loftiiio, this time looking my door on tho outside and carrying oil' the key, rb my mother (rather against my will) had desired her to do, for fear I should forgot to look my door myself. Susotto had also recoived ordors to coroo to mo once or twice during tho Right, in owse I tliould require anything. So I now settled myself in bed, and tried to sleep, but iu vain, for either from over-fatigue, or excitement, or both, I was restless, uneasy and tossed wearily from sido to side. After i whilo, however, I gradually calmed down, becoming drowsy and confused; and all tho sights and sounds I lmd passed through during tho day revisited mo, but in a misty, indistinct way, ns though I saw and hoard them through a veil; hulf-wnking, half dreaming, strange fanoies, interwoven "with the impressions of the last few hours, haunted my pillow. Those piotures were all in a moment rudely dispersed. I started violently, and sat up in my bed, for I thooght—nay, I was convinced —I heard one of the many doors in the room shale gently, but decidedly, as though some one wero endeavouring to enter. I listened attentively, and tur a while all seemod quiet; but—again ! tho wimo sound ! and this time from another du r, whioh, liko the former ono opened into the lineman apartments. J. watohed, and distinctly saw the handle turn and the door shako! I was now thoroughly alarmed and would have rushed in to Susotto but, to my. distross, I remembered that my door was looked on Ihe outside! 'Oh." I gasped, 'if Susette would only uomo ! What cnu it be ? What shall I do V I waited, listening painfully, but for u few minutes (whioh scomod ages to mo) I heard nothing moro, and almost persuadod mysolf that it must have been my imagination, or, perhaps, ' Sjrnc one may havo mistaken the door,' I thought; I began to be ashamed of my cowardice; I determined to be brave, and ignore the whole thing—to lio down again but I had hadly done ao before I distinctly heard footsteps creeping along tho balcony and stopping at my window—which was only lightly hooked together, for it vr.is very warm, and it had never struck me till now that, as my room bolongcd to the Kussian suite, so did tho balcony, and was therefore, not divided from theirs. Breathlessly I listened, and, tromblingly leaping out of bed, I throw ou my dressing-gown, stolo to tho window and gontly pushing asido the blind, looked out—and never to my dying day shall I foiget my horror when I became aware of a man's face, within an inch of my own peer ing in at me. Terror nearly paralyzed me, but did not prevent my recognizing, in tho coarse Kal muc type of the intruder, the faco of ono of the llussian mon servants. ^ I could not move or soream, but at a signal from the Russian, to my utter amaze und bewilderment, who should appear at his side but tho ' dead' Prince. Ho was making imploring signs to mo to be silent—not to be afraid, and, above all things, to let him in. The poor young face was so livid, the eyes so strained with terror, tho tears, too, wera coursing so visibly down tho thin, hag gard cheeks, and the attitude was so touch ingly humble and imploring that my fright turned into pity, and I felt intuitively that in some mysterious way I held the life or death of this trembling creature in my hands. Impelled, therefore, by the power of ineroy, and hurriedly eager to save I know not who, I unhooked tho window, and the Prince crept noiselessly in. To . my unspeakable relief the footman fell back, evidently on the watoh, and the poor boy sank at my feet, gasping out in a mixture of languages Oh, Lady JTuriella, pour I'umom• tic Dieu, savo me ! Let me out at your door !' 'Good Heavens 1' I criod, 'it is looked on the outside !' ' Hide me, then, hide use !' he sobbed as, iu an agony of supplioation he clasped my gown. • Your white robe and your h'te tJorle make you look like nn iniyiol <n JMo ! Be one to me, Jluriella, an mgiol jirolcKoir! ■K'-oulc:, the good Doctor and poor Ivan have risked much. The Doctor made me feign death, and ho has drugged the pmhr, and watches him, but he will soon wake! Ah ! save mejfrom him, from ma belle mere.* 'I will do anything,* I said excitedly ; ' but what can I do ? You cannot stay here. Whataro you afraid off ' Ah ! Get mo out of the hotel, for—' look ing round iu a terror-struck way, and whispering in my ear, ' they are—poisoning me!' ' Itouso the house!' was my natural sug gestion. ' No my lady .' 1,'coutcz! I huve no time to explain, but flight is my only chance—to the English Embassy—Lord Queensland will help me, and ' At this moment the key turned slowly in my door, and I just had time to push the Prince into the recess (while he implored me in a whisper to confide in ' uo one—no one'), when Susette appeared, sleepy, cross, and with alight. ' I come, miladi, according to orders. Do yoa want anything ?' ' Oh, Susette! I am so glad you are come. I really will not be locked in like this; it alarms me; for if anything: were to happen, I oouldn't get out. I must have the key.' |'Lady Muriel' (with sleepy dignity), ' madarae said I was to look you in. But •why* (with curiosity)—' why are you alarm ed '{ Why are you up ?' • Because, I tell you, I don't like being locked in! If mamma knew how it frightens me, she would of course let it be as I gay. What is that? I added nervously; 'I'm sure 1 heard a step outside my door !' 'It is only tho guardia, miladi; he walks about all nightand watches the galleries.' ' Did ho «eo you f I naked anxiously: ' Yos, and lio asked mo whoro I was go !inR-' Toor I'rinoo!' I mentally ojnculateil, ' thcro is littlo ohanco, tlion, of your pot tine out, unsoelt.' Thon aloud 1 said to Susetto, ' Give mo the koy.' Susotte was too slcopy to nrguo further upon tho matter, eo shu delivered up the koy, and I lot her out and looked tho door. I waited to hear her departing footsteps; thon 1 flow to tho rcccss and drew b«ok tho //arfirtv to liberate tho prisoner, whon, to my ast Muslim ent, th0 young rnau issued forth, clad from hoad to foot in Susetto's clothos! No ono could possibly have recognized him, for ho had tied a veil over his faoo, and tbo luetn phosis was perfect. In spito oE tho awkward nay, dangerous, oircumstancos, I felt a strong inclination to laugb, but 1 said seriously: 4 Why do you not inako a confidant of tho ytuirdhi ? Tell him your story, and gethim to let you out at tho front door.' , ' No, no ! tho Doctor told mo itolouinly to trust to no ono but you—no servants, for tho jiiidtv always bribes tho servants. Ah, Mu riella, tjiic fairc> how shall! got out?' •I know!' I said, joyfully, and dashing into tho recoss, I drugged forth a strong ropo used to oord boxes. ' You must got out by tho balcony—it in not high ; my brothers could almost lot. themsolves drop without a rope, and I am suro I could,' ' Ah! but I am ill, weak—faint.' ' Well, woll,' I said, r.ithor impaliontly, with ft touoh of British arrogance and con tempt for foreign ohioken-heiirtoduoss; ' you stay in here, whilo I make preparations.' So I stopped on to the balcony, Ivan was stand ing nfow yards oft', watching tho windows of tho Russian apartments; and with a horrid shrinking I saw tho moon-bourns pl»y upon a naked knifo ho hold in his hand! and then for tho first time £ fully realized how dearly ho had resolved to sell his young master's liberty, and what a dangerous matter 1 was engaged in ! Tho Russian comprehended at a glnnco what was my design, ior as I was tying tho ropo to tho balcony, I suppose my hand trembled, for he ctimo hurriedly forward aud helped mo, at tho same timo making signs that wo had no timo to loso. After fastening tho rope firmly, ho returned to his post of observation, and I softly called tho young Priuce ; then carefully lookiug into the road, to hoo thcro was no iuconvenient, passers-by, I whispered to him in truo school-boy phrase ology; ' Now's your time!' Taking the ropo very gontly from my hand tho young man seemed to pause—looking moanwhile wistfully at mo; thon raising tho veil whioh coneealod his features, before I could provent it, ho threw his arms pnssionatoly around me, Htraining mo tightly to his breast and whilo murmuring (ho word ' Muriella ho pressed his trembling lips onco, twice, aud jot agaiu, forvently, almost painfully to mine, and with a great sob throw himself over the iron-work, slid down and disappear ed ! The faithful Ivan now approached, and J waa slightly nervous as to whother ho might not deem it neoossary to express his gratitude after tho sarao fashion ! but I need not have been alarmed, for, aftor making an eager sign to mo to look my window, with a gesture of deop respect, he kissed the hem of my garment, slid down tho ropo and was gone, and I was loft standing thero alone, with a half-inclination to slide down tho rope aud run away also ! However, lintened to tho sound of tho fugitives' retreating foot steps, and as thoy died in the distance I re membered Ivan's warning, and unknotting tho rope, I reentered my room with it in my hand, thon shutting, locking, and oven barri cading iny window, Is.it down for a momont to collect my thoughts. My eyes wanderod around tbo room, and ere my bewilderment had rjuito subsided, I perceived that a, bunoh of forget-me-nots, whioh I had placed in water by my bedside, wasgono ! and blushingly I told myself that while waiting, the young Prince must have stolen it. With this discovery tears, all uu biddon, rushed to my eyes (for I was, aftor all, a very young girl) and a tender feeling sprang up in my heart for tho individual for whom 1 had undoubtedly gone through a great doal; and on my knees I thanked God for HiB help, and begged llim to raise up a stronger protector than myself to rid the Prince of his enemies. This outburst of fool ing (hysterical, no doubt) relieved me, and oueo more I became practical, and I decided that courageous as I might bo (and had un doubtedly proved myself), 1 dared no longer stay alone in that room; for I feared the possibility (on the discovery of the Prince's flight) of another visit from some of the Russians; so, opening the door softly, I let myself out, and, with a creeping sensation, as though all tho Russians in the hotel were pursuing me, I fled toward Susetto's room, and, to my unspeakable relief, met her com ing toward me. Sho was petrified at the niicoiiiir, and, drawing mo into her room, asked anxiously what was the matter. I told her breathlessly all that had happened, and sho Baid sho had been struck by my pale frightened face whon she had seon mo an hour ago, and it hud so haunted her that she was now on her way to my room. She look ed rather rueful when she heard of the loss of her clothes, but her womanly sympathy went out heartily to the poor boy when I described his terror aud distress, and sho forthwith began to consider how best to con coal the scene of his flight. I did not then understand that this was more for my sake than for that of tho fugitives. (Tho ' bliss' of ignorance wan mine at that moment, the 1 folly ' of wisdom came later.) Susetto returned at once with me to my bed-room, for the watohman, sho said, had luckily seen her as she entered it an hour be fore and he would think sho had remained there all Might, so we locked the door aud lay dowu together. Not long after we had done so we again heard footsteps on tho balcony, and as the moon was shining brightly, we saw the shadow of a man pass quickly across the blind, and as it returned it lingered long enou jh at my window for me to recognize the spare form of the priest! but finding; I suppose, that everything was unsuspiciously quiet, and the window dosed, the figure vunishod as cautiously as it had appeared: and although we listened long and attentively, we heard nothing more. After a while my nervousness calmed down, and Susetto's propinquity giving mo a sense of security, I fell asleep. The sun was shining brightly i into the room as I awoke, and I overheard the Jille do chambrc tell Susette that the Russians had all left the hotel quite two hours before. As soon as I was dressed I hurried to my mother and related the whole adventure. Sho wns much cxcitcd, Mid tho proposed going (it onoo to tho British Embnssy (to ! relate t)io story) whloli wo dill, nnd were admitted directly into Lord Queensland's presonco. I wns terribly disappointed wlicn the gTcat man nsaurdd us nothing whatever hud boon hoard of tho fugitives, nnd equally indignant whou I discovorcd that both ho and his attnolu' discredited my story. Iho Ambassador wns barely civil, nnd ' thought I had been ' hoaxed,' that my ' imagination' had ' exaggerated tho facts,' ctc. He asked tno whothor nny person beside myself had witnessed ' tho alloged flight,' and 1 fancied lie soeraed relieved whon I replied in tho negativo ; and my suspioions of his sincerity were still more aroused by his ovidont anxiety that wo should koop tho story to ouvsolvcgj impressing'upon my mothor (who turnod very pale) that wo lind hotter do bo 'for her pretty young daughter's Bako.' Being young and inoxporionccd I missed tho innuendo, but as tho Minister had early lot out Unit ho was ' personally acquainted' with tho 1'riHcoss Lipotska, that sho was nearly 'rotated to tho imperial family,' and that snob an * unlikely story' ns tnino might givo gront oftonoe, 1 shrewdly suspeotcd his anxiety for soorajy aroso from somo eoorot motivo. In a few minutes Loid Queensland roso, thus, as ho* thought, ending tho discussion; but, feeling my vornoity was unfairly im pugned, .1 was not to bo so summarily dis missed ; beside, tho Ambassador's parting did not tond.to Boothc my irritation. 'I advise vou, madanio,' ho said to my mother, 'not to allow pretty Lady Muriol to sloop alone in a hotel again. ICoop her to hor dolls, dear lady ; there are really no children nowadays.' This was unboarablo, so, losing all self control, I said, angrily: It is a pity, my lord, that somo old men should bo chosen to fill high positions who aro littlo bettor than ' dolls' themselves, especially when called upon to not in an omergeucy ! And oh !' I cried, bursting into,'childish toars, ' thoy aro not so nice as dolls, for, although their heads may bo equally empty, 'dolls hare htttr, whereas old awn I'n'i/ open—huvc not!' Need 1 say Lard Queensland was bald ? My mother was horrified at my words, but tho Ambassador seemed tickled, and patting mo on tho shoulder, called me ' a goldheaded littlo spitfire.' I was not, howover, to bo mollified, and as I marched the room' I said maliciously, 'If you, my ]nrd, will not tako tho story up, I shall spread it abroad, as an inetanco of the incompetency of our officials to defend tho friendless!' To my surprise, I perceived that my words '.it random sent, had found a mark thoy never meant,' for Lord Queensland, motioning to his attaclu: to closo tho door, said to my mothor: 'May I ask you a. favor :j I frankly confess I know something of the story, audi wisliod, for cortain reasons, to keop it quiet. So will you—will your daughter for the young I'rinco'fl sako—keep tho secret until you hear from me ?' "Wo took leave of tho minister and his scared attache and roturnod to tho hotel, and it is needless to say wo never hoard again from his Excelloncy ;,but in ton days' time tho papers informed us that his lordship had quitted Morocco for some months. Tho whole story seemed to havo pappoil away like an uneasy dream. Tho Russians had vanished, and tho padrone nnd his wifo avoided mentioning tho Mucosa or any of her suito, and wo soon directed our footstopa hoinoward to London. Ouo morning my mothor put tho Moniimj l'osl into my bands, eagerly desiring mo to read a paragraph aloud. It was a quotation from a St. Petersburg journal, and it ran thus: ' Groat excitement has been caused lately in St. Petersburg, in consequence ofa mystoriouB ovent which has taken place in tho family of thoPrinco Lipetska. His highness lost, his first wifo sixteen years ago at tho birth of the Prince Miohael, who, although a delicute child, survivod his mother, and was tho object of his father's tendered affections. Jj'our years ugo the Princo Lipetska married again, choosing tho Prinooss Myrza do Zesehaw, a lady of great beauty, and for whom, it was well known, a certain exalted personage avowed a distinctly paternal in terest. Tho Princess Myrzti bore two sons, and was u devoted mother not only to hor own offspring, but also to her stopson, who was much attached to her, and whose recent un certain health seemed tho only oloud in tho princely pair's domestic horizon. ' A few months ago tho young prince be camo so seriously ill that tho best medical advice was sought, when change of air and a warm climate were suggestod. Tho Prince Lipetska being unable just then to lay asido his court duties (ho was ono of tho Guar's highest functionaries), tho Princoss offered to loavo her own young family and proceed with hor stepson to Italy, proposing (at the Prince s wish) to visit a famous but very old doctor resident at Pisa, who had known tho young Michael from hia birth. Accordingly tho Princess started, accorn ponied by a priost, a damn de enmpagnie, and u large suite ; and they had not been long absent before it was remarked that the Prince Lipetska bccamo greatly depressed, and that he was constantly closeted with a cortain Doctor d'Obrrskoff, who had attended tho family for years, but who, in oonsequonoe of increasing age, and a strong disliko conceived against him by the Princess, had given up his position as family pbyaiciau. Tho accounts from Italy getting worse, the anxious father would have started atonoe to join his son, but (to tho surprise of all parties) ho yielded to Dr. d'Obrcakoff's ontraaties, and, instead of going himself, dispatohed a young English doctor, who received instructions to travel with the utmost speed. ' Dr. Granville's arrival at Pisa (bringing his credentials from tho Prince) took the Princess entirely by surprise, and ht> installed himself -without delay as medical companion to the sick boy, who took to him with a com plete infatuation, refusing to eat, drink, or sleep, save in his presence. One day, to tho amazement of the St. Petersburg world, the young Miohael arrived at his father's house, restored to health, and acoompanied by a sin gle servant! His father reoeived him tear fully, but without surprise, and a few days later the whole family left St. Petersburg for an indefinite poriod. Nothing has been heard of tho Princess, and mystery shrouds the whol6 affair.' ' There, mamma,' I said, ' you seo, I could tell them more than thoy know.' 'What an* awful thingsaid my mother gravely. ' I wonder what has beoome of that wretched woman, and whether we shall hear any more about it.' This question was answered a short time afterward, for ou the anniversary of iho memorable night of tbo 17th Sopteinbor, I was Hitting at my window, ^thinking over it all, whon iny mother onlled mo, nnd to my surprise I disoovorod a travol-stnincd stranger in tho room with her, nud upon his turning toward mo I exclaimed, ' Tho young Princo's English doctor!' llo curried n parcel, and Boomed overjoyed lit sooing me, graapod my hand, calling mo the (tiiyiol peotrttore and a host of pretty things, and whou I hud mustered my surprise Icxolniincd: ' Mow in tho poor boy P Do— do tell mo everything from tho very beginning.' Tho young man smiled and said : ' I hnvo little to toll, or rather little that 1 may tell: and ero I begin may I bog of you both to keep all you know snored f For nltliough to somo dogrco tbo story lias beoomo public, tho wholo truth is not known, nnd for tbo I'rineo'H suko I beg this favour of yon.' Woof courso gavo tho required prom bo, nnd Dr. Granvillo prooeedod with much feel ing to tell us everything. 'Tho poor boy,' ho said, ' lioarly fell a viutim to tho jealousy of tho Princosa for her own ohildren. Sho was administering mimII doses of poison to him, whioli wore slowly but surely taking offeot. I arrived just in time to save his life. Tbo old Dr. d'Obros kofl' had been haunted for somo timo by a horrid suspicion of foul play .nnd after the Princess' hurried departure to Italy, ho de termined to search hor apartments privately, nud ho discovorod Buoh tangible proofs^of_hor guilt—proofs, however, whioh a knowledge of medinino alono could recognise—that, ho broko tho awful truth t> tho Prince, who eould scarcely be rostrnincd from starling at onoo to Italy to mva his son. Tho Doctor, however, advised difl'orently, for his medical mind gathered from tho most rooont acuountp, that nothing iimninont was to bo feared, and he know that uuIcsh everything was arranged diplomatically, tho Prince wouldhavo to con tond against troublos and ovon dangers at Court in conycquonco of tho Princess' high relationships. Luckily I was paying a visit at St. Petersburg at tho timo; and tho old dootor know ull about mo; how I had been brought up in tho medical profession, but that developing a strong tatto for adventure 1 had been engaged in dotcotivo cases, and that thus I claimed an intimate personal ac-' quaintanoe with tho two must aotivo agents in this onso—modicine nnd murder. Tho Prince sent mo to Italy with full powers, only impressing upon me tho abBoluto ne cessity of saving tho Prinoess' roputation ; and directly I arrived I wnrned Prince Michael of his own danger, of his father's commands concerning tho Princess, that ho was to oat, drink and sloop in my presence only, and to leavo tho rest to mo. Ho was very ill when I arrived, but I goon inspired him with confidence, and during that dread ful journoy to Florence I taught him to feign death. We had n rehcarnal before arriving, and I found that liko most Hussions his powers of aotiug were first-class. I know if I oould only roach Florence I should bo safe, as I was acquainted with Lord Queensland and had warnod him of my coining; but tho journey was perilous, as I oould not tell whothor the Princess had disoovored who and what I waa ; besido, I feared tho priest, aud how muoh lie guessed of the truth. How ever, thank God, all wont well. All would have been easy could I have taken tho pad roue into my confidence, but the Princo had solemnly bound mo to trust, to no one—no servants, exoopt Ivan, and I kept my word. In England everyone would havo helped me, but with .Russia us aud Italians thoro are wheels within wheels. Oue of iny greatest difficulties was to keep tho Princess and tho priest, out of tho 'death uhainbor,' for J. feared tho I'riuco botraying himself. Ho I burned a concoction, ostensibly for sanitary purposes, whioh had the oil'eot of causing those unused to it to feel faint (as you did, Lady Muriel, and as ho did, poor boy, at times, but wo had to risk that).' 'But,' interrupted I, 'after ho and Ivan had escaped, where did thoy gor1 Ho told me thoy should go to the Knglish Embassy, but thoy did not do so.' 'Forgive mo, but thoy did and where in tho house when your mother nud you called. Lord Queensland know thoy woro coming, and an hour had not olupsod aftor their flight before a man came and whistled ' God Save tho Quoon ' beneath the balcony (a precon certed sign), whereby I know tho fugitives woro safe undor tlie["British flag. Tho Am bassador knowing about Jthe Prineoss' birth, acted with great caution.' 'Eminently so,' I said, drily; 'and how about tho Princess ?' ' Ah, there I am tonguo-tied. Suffice to say that after the Prince's disappearance my personal dangers bogan. for I never lost sight of hor, poor soul, till—ah, well, Russian laws and English laws are different, and grateful I ain to have returned safe from so ugly a business." Dr. Granvillo now rose to depart, and turning kindly to me ho said, ' Lady Muriel, I parted from Prinoo Michael not many hours ago, and ho said 1 was not to rest till I had seen you, till I had rominded you that this is the anniversary of his flight, and that all through his life tho eighteenth of Septem ber will bo a night sacred to tho thought, of you." As tho dootor said these words a curious s'irt of feeling came over mo. HiB voice souuded strange, far-oil', and I soomed to see tho gloomy bed-ohambur, tho moon-lit win dow, the boy iu agonised supplication nt my feet—tho— Tne dootor wont on. ' Ho sendH un oifering of humble gratitude ; his words wero .* ' Put it into her own dear hands but tell hor to opon it alone ; tell her aa she opens it my voice will greet hor, uud tell hor, oh, toll her, wo uust moat again.' ' ___ Without a word I took tho parcel. I know tbo doctor raisod my hand and kissed it, and that, bowing to my mother, ho left tho room. I went slowly, dreamily, upstair*, hearing as as 1 did so the front door open and shut, and the Prince's messenger pass out and away. Sitting by my bed I passively recalled the words, ' We must meet again,' and eagerly tearing off the paper oovering of the parcel I discovered a velvet casket, upon whioh tho word ' Muriella,' waa stamped in letters of gold. I took the pretty gold key and opened tho caBket, and I beheld a neoklaoe of oigh1. een pearls (a pearl, I understood, Ifor oaoh day), and attaohod to it was a heart pierced through by a diamond arrow. . At the back of the arrow these word* were ongraved : Firenne, 1118 Septembre, 18-1—, Gratitudine, Fedc, Amore. Tho heart opened, and within it I found—a shred of twisted rope—and a few withered f orget>me-nots. I shed a few tears, I knew why, nnd ran down and showed it to my mother. \- Counter of ACunUcr in London burnt!/ 