A REPLY TO LORD KNUTSFORD. Br Wire.— -From Oub Correspondent. ADELAIDE. Tuesday. In tho House of Assembly to-day tho matter of a successor to Sir William Kobinson as Governor of South Australia was brought up. The Promier said his Government had on more than one occasion advised the Government of Queensland as to tho stops they wore taking, and ho thought thoy had been strenatbeniuir one another's baud. Ho read tho cablegram received from Lord Knutsford on Sunday last, in whiok the Seoretary of State declined to con sult the colonial Governments when appointing Governors, or to in any way abrogato the rights of the Colonial Office in the mattor of the appointment of colonial Governors, and said the following reply thereto had been forwardod through His Excellency Sir William Robinson to the Secretary of State for the Colonies Ministers respectfully acknowledge tho receipt from his Exeeliuncy ihe Governor ot a copy of the telegram oi the Secrotnry of Stato for the Colonios relating to .the appointment of colonial Governors. in rooty Ministers desire respectfully to remark that the objections which are urged to tho course ve»tureU to suggest appear to them to ho untenable. Even if the control of the selection of Governor wero conceded to the local Government, as it is suggested they desire, it is contended that this wqulu not warrant a suspicion of tho impartiality of the gentloinan uppomtcd. An argument to the contrary carrion to its logical conclusion would justify doubts of thu integrity of the h ghost judicial officer whenever dealing with a question attectiug the interests of tlie Government by winch he was appointed ; hut as a matter of fact Ministers do not desire that the local Government should havo tho power to control tho election of a Govomor, or that any gentleman should ho asked to umlortako tho offico subject to local approval. Ihey only seek an opportunity of sta«nig for tho consideration of tbo Imperial Government 111 such manner as may bo most con venient to the Colonial Offico any reasons which may occur to tlieiu why any contemplated appointmont appears to them to be undesirable. It tttis oppor tunity bo not alforded thero is undoubtedly the possibility of an objection being overlooked, or not fully considered, which, if noted or fully considered Erior to an appointment, would prevent it from eiug made. It would thou become the duty of Ministers to call attention to the objection in question, and this would undoubtedly tend to a much inoro undesirable position than if the course Ministers have suggosted wero udopteiL If on tho consideration of the objection the appointment wore caucollod, it would involve no small annoyance to the gentleman principally interested. If, on the other hand, the appointment wore persisted in, It would bo certainly much more rea sonable to oxpect prejudico on tho part of the Governor against the Ministry raising the objection than it would to suspect bias on tho part of a Governor in favor of a Government simply because they saw no reason to protest against liis appointmont. Ministers most respectfully aasuro your KxcoUency that they have not tho slightost desire to eucrooch upon tho constitutional rlgAts of the Imperial, Government with reference to the vico-regal office. They are, however, convinced that the probability of tho making of satis factory appointments strengthening the bonds of union between Great Britain and the colony will bo increased by tho course suggested. - If South Australia wore conceded the pnvilego of stating their objections to any pro- posed appointment the power would be exercised with a due appreciation of its importance, ami 110 objection would be lightly made. Furthermore, any difficulty which might arise from tho scarcity of information In the colony regarding tbo fitness of any gentleman suggested might ho obviated by tho selection only of men of woll known reputation, and who might possibly bo fouud amongst thoso who have exhibited an interest iu colonial affairs. The dignity and importance of the offico would, no doubt, justify such a choice. Indeed, if so desired by the Secretary of State. Ministers would be able to suggest for Imperial consideration tlie names of gentlemen whose an- pomtmont would be acceptable to tho colony. Ministers aro encouraged to respectfully vonture tills last suggestion in view of the expression of tho Secretary of State of tbo great satisfaction aud assistance which ho would derive in tho selection from a knowledgo of tho viows of tho colony on tho subject. 