GRANYA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The concert in aid of the Albury Hospital came off, as I noted in my last, on Easter Monday evening. As the times were so dull here the prices of admission were low. Long before the time of opening the hall (Rielly's) was crowded—not even standing room for a bird On the rise of the curtain a pretty scene met the eye ; the stage had been nicely got up for the occasion—side scenes, &c.;—the whole of the back of the stage being taken up with a wellexecuted scene (by our local artist) representing the beautiful city of Naples, its lovely bay, with steamers and other craft sailing on its placid bosom, guarded in the background by that terrible flre-spouter—Mount Vesuvius. Mr. Geo. Herbert now advanced to the footlights and introduced the amateur artists as follows:—" Ladies and Gentlemen,—In introducing ourselves to your notice this evening in the garb of motley, we simply wish you to understand that we appear as the mouthpiece of Wit and Wisdom from the minds of many men—from men of the past, also men of the present age. We do not lay any claim to originality for anything we may utter; while before you our sole desire is to benefit that most worthy institution, the Albury Hospital (Cheers.) We Bhall endeavour to call up a laugh now and then to dispel the dullness and care emanating from this life, so that you may pass hence with happy and smiling faces. Should our humble exertions meet with your approval, we Bhall only be too glad to renew them on the 4th July next, in aid of the proposed Roman Catholic church building." (Applause) The concert opened with a well-executed overture by Miss JenkinB and Mr. D. Grant—piano and cornet; comic song, "Dear little innocent things, J. O'Halloran; "Eileen Allannah " M.\ ®, Harvey; " The old rustic bridge by the mill," 8 F. Chanter; " Thy Face," Mrs. Vanderberg ; " Down where the woodbine twineth," G Herbert; "We'd better bide awee," Miss Diggin • piano duet, Masters D. andL. Rielly (pupils of Miss Jenkins) ; comic song, " Be my brother-in- 1a r7 J- O'Halloran; " Blue Bells of Scotland," Mus r Harry; "Hungry Army," F. Chanter-, " Come Back to Erin," Mrs. Vanderberg • " Professor Sourcrout's Grand Fantastic Performance on the Plane Forte" (with song), Mr. G. Herbert. This created roars of laughter. « Gipsy's Warning, Miss Diggin; '< Trio Unita » (piano and two «.rnete), Miss Jenkins, D. Grant, aid J. Jenkins. After an interval of five minutes the faro. "TheRetired Merchant, oTtlfeLug Ghost, was the next item on the programme, and was well put together. This piece daring its performance kept the whole audience in roar. Mr M. Bohun, as the merchant, made up a good old' grey- whiskered, bad-tempered, selfish, asthmatical party; while Mr. G. Herbert, as the clumsy man-of-all-work, did equally well as Simon; Susan, bis gal, being well got up by Mr. J. Vanderberg; the squire, by Mr. O'Halloran, was a good get up; Rose, his lady love, looking really pretty and kissable, being represented by Master D. Rielly, who, considering it being his first appearance on the stage, carried out his part to perfection—in fact all did well, and were duly applauded. After the farce the usual Darkey Minstrels formed a circle, and kept the audience in.a high state of good humor with their several songs, duets, comicalities, &c.; I do not give any particular praise to any one individual, it being strictly an amateur entertainment. I do not like to criticise, but I may say all did their best, all came in for a fair share of applause, and all who attended to witness the performance of the Granya amateurs went home highly satisfied. The ball was well attended, and enjoyed by those present. The result of proceeds I give in full: —Amount taken, £101 Is ; le-s expenses, £1 lis.; leaving £9, which was forwarded to the secretary of the Albury hospital. On Easter Monday the Granya Rifle Club held their first rifle match, and as your riflemen and other clubs may feel interested, I send you the programme and full scores. The programme was as follows :—Cup Match, open to Granya and Tallangatta clubs. Four stages—400 and 600 yards ; 10 '•hots at each distance, to be fired as follows :— First stage on Easter Monday, remaining three Btages every alternate Saturday. First prize, highest scorer, silver cup trophy (gift of Hon. J. A, Wallace) ; second prize, next highest score, hunting watch and guard (gift of Mr. James Grant, J.P.). All-comers' Match, 400, 500, and 600 yards; seven shots at each range. Eleven prizes, viz. :—Valuable bridle (gift of Mr. C. Banks, saddler), album (gift of Mr, W. Dyring, both of TallangatU). The townspeople contributed as follows:—Kerosene lamp, two telescopes, gold brooch, pair gold sleeve links, gold set of studs, silver brooch, pair girths, unique cruet stand. By 10 o'clock, the time the firing commenced for the All- comers', a good sprinkling of holiday-keepers were scattered in little knots of picnic parties in shady nooks in the pretty and picturesque valley where the butts are erected, making a very pretty and enlivening scene. The result of the shooting is as follows:— ALL-COMERS'. 400yds. 500yds. 600yds. H'ap. Total. H. Philps.. Capt. JenkinB T. D. Williams G. Walton P. Grant .. D. Grant .. W. T. Webb — Wilkinson JaB. Grant D. Kielly .. C. Dyring.. — JI'Auley F.Jones .. — Kerr ... H Eddy .. W. Webb.. H. Walker Twenty-eight entered, six retired, and four put In no appearance. CUP MATCH. First stage. 400;ak. 600yds. H&nd;'p. H. Pbllps... SOOyds. 44 .. .. 20 G. Walton 81 34 P.Grant .. 25 .. 31 W. T. Webb 21 26 J. Grant ... 25 21 D. Grant ... 24 F. Jones .. 19 — Kerr ... Capt Jenkins J. RobinBon T. D.Williams — H'Auley W. Webt.. F. Bobs .. H. Walker Twenty-three entered, three retired, and five put In no appearance. As the handicaps do not count in the next three stages, your men can draw their own conclusions as to the result. 