DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. ' X'M' om our own Correspondent.) Dean Hoyne, V.G., who officiated at St. Alipius' Church, Ballarat East, on last Sunday, announced that a collection would be made in this church, and also in St. Patrick's, on the following Sunday, in aid of the Sisters of Nazareth, who are expected to arrive in Ballarat with the Bishop about the middle of November next. The Sisters (the rev. gentleman said) would take charge of the Catholic Orphanage to be established at Lake Wendouree. In addition to the care of the orphans they would afford relief and succour to the aged and distressed of all creeds and countries. This community was somewhat similar to the Little Sisters of the Poor, but their charitable efforts had a wider scope. As the Bishop had already expended out of his own private resources the large sum of £7000 in purchasing suitable buildings and grounds both for the Orphanage and the new Catholic College, he hoped they would co-operate with his Lordship and show their appreciation of his efforts in the great works he had undertaken. The want of a Catholic Orphanage in Ballarat had long been felt. Hitherto the poor Catholic orphan children had to be sent either to Melbourne or Geelong, but the accomodation was necessarily limited. The Dean spoke with much feeling of the great work of charity which they would be called on to support next Sunday, and hoped that all, both rich and poor, would come forward oh that occasion and contribute according to their means. He reminded them of the Twdow'smite, and said if a drinkof water given in God's name would meet' with its reward assuredly the relieving of the t orphan and the destitute would not go unrewarded. The Dean also made reference to the new Catholic college which; the Bishop; intended establishing in Ballarat. His Lordship (he said) had secured the services of a number of Fathers of. the Holy Ghost from the celebrated college of s Blackrock, County Dublin. They had obtained the highest University, honours, and were the most successful teachers in Ireland. r The ^erarTif - support of tins, read out :the Results obtained ' by a number' of Collegiate schools in Ireland; including: those of. the above order, apd of .several, ;Pr<>: testant denominations, from which it appears that at the - intermediate examinations the pupils of the' "Fathers were a long wav ahead' ot ihoie belonging to other establishments'. * - •'••• •-••! > The Rev. Fr. Doyle, who offifc&tedat; ^ J & Cathedral made the same jumo^ taent. CoWions srill be alsTSt behalf of the orphanage of the SiiK iNazareth in all the churches andchaLi. throughout the diocese. apels A severe* " Irish branch of L>7tit^ofT Blessed Virgin Mary. On the 8th jJ T the ^ Superioress General RevisiSS Mother M. Xaberia Fallon, d M Lorretto Abbey, Rathfarnham, The news of the sad event was at <Z communicated by cable to the MofcW Provincial at Ballarat. As some man bers of the Episcopacy in Australia, and several of the clergy of the colony W(a* acquainted with the deceased religious, and as even in this distant landtbere are many who were at one time her pupils, and who still hold her memory in affectionate veneration, it has been thought well to announce her death here the hope being entertained that by this means prayers for eternal rest may be obtained. On the Ilth July, a Solepm Office and High Mass was celebrated, at which his Grace the Archbishop'of Dublin, who came up specially from Maynooth, where the priests' retreat was going on, presided, assisted by upwards of 100 clergymen, regular and secular. At the conclusion of the Mass the Pontifical absolution was given by his Grace. 