A BIGAMOUS INTRIGUE. There was not a better or older family in Doltshire than the Deverels. They were not rich, but the three thousand odd acres which formed their patrimony had been theirs for four centuries, and as far as connections were concerned, there were few families in England which surpassed them. Socially they ranked with the greatest landowners in the county : the Elants, the De Cellars, and even the Eustaces had always received them as equals. The head of the family was Sir Henry Deverel. A more perfect man and gentleman it would be hard to conceive. Handsome in person, dignified in manner, honorable in behaviour, he was everything that the representative of an ancient race should be. His character, family, and age secured to him throughout the country a respect and affection which many of higher rank and greater fortune might have envied. Sir Henry was a widower, but not childless. He had two sons. The elder was like himself in appearance and disposition, a good-looking and rather delicate young fellow, of high character and unimpeachable conduct. The younger was unlike him in everything but looks. Handsome with a beaute du (liable, he was a rake, a gambler, and a drunkard. His conduct had done more to whiten his father's head than time. From the hour he left home Charles had been a source, of trouble, anxiety, and shame to Sir Henry. He was never out of hot water. His father, who regarded him with more than paternal affection, had for years borne with him, paid his debts, arranged his disputes, and shielded his misconduct. When he was cashiered from his regiment, Sir Henry, with a sorrowful heart, welcomed him home. He tried his best to reform the lad, to show him tbe folly of his behaviour, and to awaken him to some sense of his duty towards himself his family, and his country; but it was all in vain. Charles continued in his profligate career, uninfluenced by the advice and pleadings of his father. At last tha cup became full. ^ hat the event was which finally determined his father to disown him was never known. Some said that he had forged Sir Henry's name, and very possible that was the truth. Bat whatever the crime was, it must have been of a heinous description, for Sir Henry never mentioned it and never forgave it. He allowed the reprobate £200 a year, but only on condition that he resided out of Eng- *,nd. Sir Henry, though a very indulgent father, was not of a weak or undetermined character. He had borne Charles's -misconduct for years, but when at last he broke with him the breach was irreparable. John, the elder son, was of a softer and more gentle disposition. He grieved over the quarrel between his father and brother, and would have given much to see it arranged, Though Charles had treated him in a very unbrotherly fashion, he willingly forgave him all his misdeeds, and tried to obtain for him forgiveness, from Sir Henry, too. But it was useless. Sir Henry had made up his miud, and when he had done eo it was vain to attempt to influence him. Seeing this, Johnny did what what was in his power to make his brother's lot less miserable. He kept up a correspondence with him, and often out of his own allowance supplied him with money to pay hifl debts. Charles, when repudiated by his father, went to Paris. There, following his nature, he picked up with the very worst part of the English colony. Brokendown gamblers, bankrupt stockbrokers, and fugitive swindlers formed the bulk of his acquaintances. They were a merry, reckless eet, men "who fortune's buffets and rewards are taken with equal thanks." They ate and drank luxuriously as long as they had money; when they had none, as was most often the case, they lived on bread and water as contentedly as they could. Charles Deverel, who share 1 their disposition, enjoyed their company. Charles's principal chum among them was a person who called himself Captain Dunrook. Captain Duurook's name was not in the Army List—a tact which ha seemed to think undeserving of explanation. How he lived nobody could exactly tell, but it was shrewdly suspected that it was partly on his wits and partly on his friends. He played cards uncommonly well, and had a most fortunate tendency to turn np aces. He played billiards uncommonly well, and had a strong deBire to put money on the game. He imitated other people's writing uncommonly well, and it was 6aid that he had once or twice got himself into trouble through the indiscreet exercise of this accomplishment. This, however, Charles Deverel denied, and BO it was probably untrue, as Charles was admirably qualified to give an opinion on questions of forgery. One evening about three years after he had arrived in Paris, Charles Deverel was sitting in the shabby lodgings in company with Captain Dunrook, when a letter was handed to him. Charles had been for some time in very low water; he had had a ruu of bad luck at cards, and he had written to his brother for help. The letter was the reply. It contained a cheque for £40. After showing the draft to the delighted Dunrook—he and the Captain had a common purse—Charles proceeded to read his brother's letter. When he had finished it, he flung it down in an impatient way. " Who would have thought it," he said. " The fool's going to marry." " Indeed !" said Captain Dunrook. " Yes, he says that father has long been anxious he should. The old cock, you know, i6 implacable; the estate's entailed, and if Johnny doesn't have children it will come to me; that's the reason he's so anxious Johnny should marry." " I see," said Captain Dunrook. " Vicious old blackguard!" " Right you are," cordially assented Charles. "But the funny thing is that the pious, virtuous, and respectable Johnny is going to marry a woman with a history. He says that the lady of his choice, though living under her maiden name, was married to a scoundrel who deserted her, and afterwards got killed in a railway accident. Upon that happy event taking place the rejoicing widow, eager to forget her Inst lord, resumed her maiden name." "Eh!" cried Captain Dunrook, with great interest. " You don't mean it 1 Does he mention the lady's name 1" "Yes, Mirtha Greenlees." " Whew !" whistled Captain Dunrook. Here's a go 1" " What's the matter ?" asked Charles. " Why, only this—Martha Greenless is my wife!" "What? Don't talk bosh. Her husband was killed in a railway accident." "Reported killed," said Captain Dunrook, " would have been more accurate. You see it happened this way. I was passing under the name of Charles Goodall when I met pretty little Martha Greenless at Cheltenham. She was accompanied by a foolish old mother, who took a great fancy to me. Well, I liked little Martha, and I liked her little fortune, and so I married her. I never knew exactly whether she was willing or not; but her mother was mad on the point, and so she had to give way." " You don't mean it," said Charles, in amazement. " It's a fact, my boy. I married her, and spent her fortune—had doosed bad luck at the tables, and it lasted no time—and then —well, then, I drew on a friend of mine without mentioning the circumstance to him, and—would you believe it?—the wretched creature, when he found it out, talked wildly about forgery, and sent a detective after me. I therefore resolved to pay a hurried visit to France. With my usual ill-luck, the train I took was smashed in a collision. In my compartment there was only one other mau, an American, who ingenuously confided to me th"t he was very rich, and was going for a month's burst in Paris. These railway collisions are funny things. When this one was over I found that I was only a little bit shaken up, while the American, who had been seated beside me, was made into a meat jelly. I was scrambling as well as I could out of the rubbish, when it occurred to me that in his present pulverised condition my American Mend would not want the money he had with him, so I appropriated it. Not wanting to be dishonest, I put into his pocket as a quid pro quo my pocket-book—there was nothing in it but my name—and some letters with me. Then I left, and continued my journey to Paris. Well, when the papers came out I was surprised—very surprised—to find my name among the list ot those killed in the collision. I didn't contradict the statement—natural modesty, you understand—but settled down in Paris, and resumed my original name." "By George," cried Charles, who had listened to the story with profound atten- > tion. " And so you married Martha Greenlees ?" " Yes, I dia; and she wasn't a bad little -woman either. What will you do ? Tell your brother I'm still alive and kicking ?" " Well, I don't know/' answered Charles, • thoughtfully. " It strikes me there's something in this that we might pull ofi if we're only shaxp enough. Let me think now. Why shouldn't we let him marry, and then you levy blackmail on her ? I fancy we might make something comfortable that way." "Rather mean behaviour, don't you think, especially to your brother, who has been so kind to you ?" "Look here, Dick," said Charles, impatiently ; " you may be a parson in disguise, but please don't preach to me. I'm at war with the world—with Johnny as well as the rest—and all's fair in love and war." " All right, Charley," answered Captain Dunrook; " do as you like. I'll not spoil your game. But, remember, I'll not blackmail poor Martha; I've done the poor little body evil enough already." " How chicken-hearted you've grown! But we'll see. However, whether you'll profit by the business or not doesn't matter. I'm sure to do so. Let Johnny marry this grass-widow, and live with her and die with her, and when he dies I'm in for the estate. You see the children won't be legitimate, and so can't inherit, and I'm the next heir." Charles lay back for a moment in his chair and reflected. Yes, that's the job," he said. " Johnny's a sickly fellow; he can't live very long. If all goes well, I'll be owner of the Gregories inside of 10 years." " Gad, you're a credit to your family!" said Captain Dunrook with a sneer. John Deverel duly married Martha Greenlees. On his wedding-tour he visited Paris, and, when there, ho ferreted out Charles, and a«ked him to dinner with him. Charles went and saw his brother's bride. He talked to her all the eveuing, but, of course, never once hinted at what lie knew about her past. He was very well satisfied with the way things were goiug; John was looking paler and more delicate than ever. " Can't live long," Charles thought. " Wouldn't be surprised if he were dead within a year." Charles continued his dissipated life, and John continued sending his assistance from time to time. Captain Dunrook remained the rake's chum, and together, as before, they shared a common purse. Though the gallant Captain had no private income, still his contributions to the treasury were probably at least equal to his companion's. By his skill at cards and billiards he managed, as a rule, to scrape up enough to cover his expenses. Fortune, no matter what skill may back it, is proverbially fickle ; and so it proved with the firm of Deverel and Dunrook. They both had a long run of bad luck at play. Deverel wrote to his brother, asking urgently for immediate assistance, but to his chagrin and disappointment he received no reply. Dunrook tried again to retrieve his position, but only with the result of putting himself further and further into debt. Things had come to a desperate pass, when Charles, who had long suggested the expedient, at length insisted peremptorily that his chum should write to Martha and demand hush-money from her. Dunrook asked for a little time to consider the suggestion. Charles complied with the request. In matters of honesty, as of love, he knew that he who hesitates is lost. Dunrook had just made up his mind to blackmail his late wife when Charles Deverel suddenly burst in upon him. He had that moment received a telegram announcing the death of his brother, which had taken place a few days after the birth of a son and heir to the Deverel estates. When the couple had somewhat overcome their sudden BurpriBe, Charles proposed to Dunrook that they should both immediately start for England, go straight to the Gregories, and comfort the supposed widow of the late John Deverel. In Dunrook's presence she could not deny that her husband was still alive, and that the marriage with John Deverel was illegal and invalid. This acknowledged, Charles would be the undisputed heir to the estates. They were valuable and unencumbered. The Jews would advance on them on post-obits to almoBt any amount. Captain Dunrook did not altogether like the business, bat Charles was peremptory and circumstances were pressing; so he reluctantly began his journey eo England. When they reached the Gregories they found it a house of mourning and of sorrow. John had been dead only a week, his body had just been placed in the village churchyard, and his old father and young widow were overwhelmed with grief. But Charles was not appalled by the misery. He was one of those stony bangs who neither fear norfeeL On their arrival, Charles sent up his name to his father and asked for an interview. Sir Henry, chastened and softened by his great sorrow, consented to Bee his wayward and erring son. He felt in his heart the vanity and uselessness of all resentment, and a desire to forgive Charles for the wrongs he had done him and the shame he had brought upon an honored name. Charles entered the library where his ather was, leaving bis friend Captain Dunrock in the hall. His father, who looked very ill and greatly aged, rose to receive him as he entered, and held out a trembling hand. Charles took it in a careless, nonchalant fashion. " So Johnny's dead," he said flippantly. His heartless tone startled Sir Henry, who did not reply for a moment. Then he' said slowly, " Yes, your brother is dead." " Wasn't a bit surprised," Charles went on. " List time I saw him he looked like a ghost. Thought then it wouldn't be long before he shuffled off this mortal coil." Sir Henry's eyes flashed with rage as he heard these sneering words. " Charles," he said sternly, " I saw you with the intention of forgiving you for all you have done to injure me, and for what I have (God help me) much more trouble in forgiving, all you have done to disgrace my name; but you have ruined your last chance. The heartless manner in which you speak of your dead brother, who always loved and helped you, revolts me. Leave this house this moment, and never again put your foot across its threshold." " Not so quick, old boy," replied Charles, calmly. " You don't know, perhaps, that I have as much interest in this house as you have ! I'm next in the entail." Sir Henry looked at Charles in surprise. " Are you aware," he asked, " that Johnny left a son behind ?" " Yes, I am, of course; but the brat's not legitimate." As these words were uttered the door opened, and Mrs. John Deverel entered. She heard what Charles said, and turned ly pale. Sir Henry noticed this, and huriying to her, helped her, half-fainting, to a seat. Then coming to Charles, and raising his clenched fist to his face, he hissed out: " You coward and liar ! Are you coming here to insult the weak and suffering ? Go this instant, or I will do you some fearful injury?" Not so quick again, I tell you," replied Charles, as calmly as ever. ' I'm neither a coward nor a liar, as I'll show you." And he stepped to the door. " Dick," he called out, " come here." With downcast looks Captain Donrook entered the library. At the sight of him Mrs. John Deverel rose to her feet with a shriek. Sir Henry gazed from her to the Captain in agony and alarm. You see the effect of this gentleman," said Charles, with a sneer, " upon this socalled widow. She's not quite a widow yet. She has only lost one of ber husbands." With an agonised cry Mrs. John Deverel turned and rushed out of the room, while Sir Harry stood gazing after her, dazed with surprise and horror. In a moment she returned with her baby in her arms. Again and again she kissed the child passionately, while the bitter tears streamed down her face. Oh, my darling, my darling," she sobbed, " what evil have you done that you should suffer ? I could bear everything, anything; but that you should be disgraced —my child, my child 1" " Yes, madam," said Charles, with a cruel smile, "it's a — well, really I'm ashamed to mention the word in the presence of a lady." Charles Deverel," cried Sir Henry, furiously, " you may be heir to this house, but you're not it's master yet, and out of it you shall go. Begone, you coward and scoundrel—leave, I tell you, or I'll not be responsible for what I do 1" Charles, a little appalled, was retreating towards the door when Mrs. John Deverel rushed wildly towards Captain Dunrook, who was standing silent in the middle of the room. "Dick Goodall," she cried, ''explain how it is you are here—that yra are still alive. Yon seem - not only to have de ceived me in life but in death, too. After we married, you first robbed and then de Ber ted me. Have yon not done enongh ? Why come here to ruin this innocent child ? What harm has it ever done you ? Why should you wish to brand it with disgrace ? " I don't," replied Captain Donrook in a low tone. "Not at all," put in Charles. "He only came to speak to you. No harm in that, 6urely; you're his wife." " She's nothing of the kind," answered Captain Dunrook. " What—what on earth do you mean ?" demanded Charles excitedly. "Why, what I say. You've pushed this thing a bit too far, and I revoke. I didn't mind giving you a hand, but I thought you'd pay it like a gentleman, and not like a brute. Now I'll out with the whole truth. That lady is not, and never was, my wife." " That's no use, Dick," said Charles. " She hersolf admits sli6 married you." " Quite true, but, you see, when she married me I had another wife living and well. She's living and well still, I believe. Her last address was 21 Babbler-street, Rottenborough." " You are a liar!" cried Charles, pale with anger. " Not on this occasion, my friocd. You can find her for yourself—Mrs. Dick Dunrook, Parisian milliner." " By heavens, then, I'll have you prosecuted for bigamy!" " Come, come, Charlie," said Captain Dunrook, with a sickly smile, "fellows like you and me shouldn't talk of prosecuting—men in glass houses, you know. Let us get back to Paris."— Truth. 