BAPTIST UNION OF TAS ; MANIA. The fifth annual meeting of this soeiety ?was commenced at the Tabernacle, Cimi tiere^treet, yesterday, at 10-30 a.m., there being-present the following ministers and delegates:— Pastors J. E. Walton, A. Hyde, H. D. Archer, H. G. BlacMe, H. Wood, and Bu M'Oulloch, Messrs. W. Gibson, senr., W. Gibson* junr., W. E. Watkins, G. Titmus, : and D; Smart (Perth), T. Hortle, O. D, Row lands; and -A. J- Stokes (Longford), W. Orchard (Deloraine), J. Lewis (Latrobe), J. T. Soundy, S. B. Eitt, and Dr. Benjafield (Hobart),.f Messrs. J. Broombey and W. L. Stokes (Launceston); also, Mr Henry Yar ley, the well-known evangelist. After a preliminary devotional meeting, in which several took part, the minutes of last annual meeting were read and con firmed, and Pastors H. D. Archer and J. E. 17al(nn admitted as members of tbe Union. The chairman, Pastor H. Wood, then called on the secretary, Pastor A. Hyde, ?who read tlie ANNUAL EEPOHT. Beloved ?brethren,— Since we last met in conference a year of many-colored experi ences has passed over us, and borne with it a rueord of patient toil and happy service. At the beginning of the yea our prayer was, 'Lord! what wilt Thou have us to do ?' and our offer, ' Lord ! here am I, send me.' Then, ' Go, ye, and preach,' was the Master's imperative command; now, 'Come ye, and rest' is ITis tender invitation. Now we meet together to encourage one another by reviewing the mercies of the Lord and recounting the promises of His grace, .to. receive . paternal counsel, -and gatlfer fresh courage for the future. Through the watchful care and loving kindness of the Lord, all our ministerial brethren have been permitted to labor ?without interruption from sickness, weakness, or accident, and all hear testimony to the Lord's presence and power. At our last conference the record of the year's work ended on March 31, but the new rules make it necessary for it to terminate en uecemuet oi, eo we aie compelled this year to compile the statistics for a period of nine months .only. The record of service during the nine months is not without encouragement ; some churches of the Union are able to speak of consider able additions, and a steady increase of church membership. The gains of others have made up for their losses, whilst two churches have suffered through removals and other unavoidable circumstances. The total membership is 497, being a total increase in nine months of 15. This would have been much larger but for the fact that 6everal churches have recently revised their roll, eliminating those who were members in name only. The Sunday-schools generally are in ra flourishing condition. Home mission' work is still being pursued with considerable success. Temperance meetings are periodically held in most of the churches. The interest in foreign missions Jltic Uccll ttcu ouoiiiuucu- it ituuui uiti-uii,' at Hobart we rejoice that through the liberality of tbe Messrs. Gibson a handsome sanctuary is now being erected to accom modate the worshippers, glorify God, and adorn their city. The removal of Pastor Bird from Launceston to Ballarat has led to a few changes in the pastorates. Last September Pastor Wood removed from Longford to Lauiiceston, where his earnest Gospel preaching has already borne much fruit. He was succeeded at Longford bv Pastor Hyde, whose ininis ta-y lias received many tokens of Messing. It is with great pleasure we are able to report that the vacancy in the pastorate of the Deloraine Church has been tilled by Pastor H. D. Archer, a real Tas manian, the pioneer, we trust, of a band o men whom God shall raise up as pastors of *i,~ nondrf /?liniwiifls of this their native LUC AJQIJI'-uju v-' '???? «-?-..-.— ^ ? -- i land. May Brother Archers ' bow abide in strength, and hie hands be strengthened by the bunds of tlie Mighty God of Jacob.' The pastorate of the church at Perth has j been accepted by Pastor J. 13. Walton, who arrived in the colony in January, ms earnest labors at Perth are already greatly appreciated. We all pray that the ministry | of our two brethren may issue in the j Jiiehest spiiitual results. May tbvs lie . a lime of waiting, as in the upper room, j until even- inch and corner of our heart temples be indwelt by the Holy Ghost, and then,crownedwithspiritiialunction,maywe co forth to fresh opportunities of labor and new ministries of love. ' And let the beamy of our Lord God be upon us, and establish the work of our bauds upon us; yea, the work of our hands establish Thou it. Sir W. Gibson, jun., proposed the adoption ,,f th* reooTt-. and in doing so spoke in highly eulogistic terms both of the master an'd wording of the report, adding that the outlook gave every encouragement. He . also moved that it be printed b£ read. ! This was seconded by Pastor E. Al t/U.1' loiisls who Eaid that during bis recent visit to most of the churches he had marked manv f=i-*iiB of success and encouragement ?which could not be embodied in the report. Mr Henry Varley, upon the invitation ot the chairman, made a few commendatory remarks, and snjoke of tbe great work lie Vine crowded, whilst many were turned ewaf, being unable to obtain admission, lecently.he said, a prize-fighter had had the honor of shaking hands with tbe Prince of Wales, and the newspapers had published it, but he considered it a mucli greater honor that he had been instrumental in the convorsion of one of those with whom this man had fought. After the adoption of the report the meet ing closed with prayer. AFTER.VOOy SITTING. Tlie session resumed at 2-30 and after the usual preliminary devotions Pastor H. Wood proceeded to vacate the chair se president of the Union, but said that before doing so he wished to express his sense of indebtedness and gratitude to his co they had accorded him during the term of his presideucy. Dr. Benjafield, the president for current year then assumed the chair, and in h:3 address said:— 'This wasone of the proudest moments of his life, for he trusted he should be able to say something to benefit his brethren.' [We are compelled to hold over the report of the president's address until next issue.] A long discussion ensued concerning Borne mission work.the general expression or opinion being that it was deemed advisable for the pastors to make a speciality of this branch, devoting certain, stated times to it. The president then called on the secretary of Sunday-schools (Mr W. B. Watkins) to read the report, which showed there were 75 teachers, being an increase of 18 for the year, and 707 scholars, being an increase of 30 for the year; the finances showing n debit balance of 2s 4d. This was adopted, after which the meet ing closed. At the evening meeting Dr. Benjafield presided, and stirring evangelistic addresses were delivered by Pastor K. M'Culloughon ' The House Beautiful,' Pastor J. E. Walton ' In Christo,' Pastor H. D. Archer ' As it was in the Beginning,' and by Mr Henry Varley, who spoke at some length. In the course of his remarks he said that the House of God on earth was made up of the followers of Christ, they might be His followers and yet have but a dim concep tion of the attributes of God, His holiness, ana mis character oi ugut. vrou in ms tenderness removed from man his de ficiencies in these respects. He ventured to assert that no mother felt so tenderly towards her child as Christ did towards His little ones. Before he became a Christian he had a deep sense of need of a Saviour to put away his sin, but after becoming a child of God he had a deeper sense of the need of His sustaining power ; everyone there had_ a sense of this im perfection, but Christ can make up for this. The policy of the devil was, when a man did well to puff him up and make himselt satishea. ana it he did. ill to make him despair. Personally he had overcome these tactics, by in the former case de ducting and in the latter adding 20 per cent.Hethen proceeded tosay thatChristians might gather great encouragement from the case of Peter. In his case oaths and curses did not change Christ's love, but He overcame Him by the continuity of His love, in the same manner as He was anxious to gain those present now. He concluded a most excellent adress by an earnest appeal to the young men and women present to come to Christ, warning them that they must soon part from this life, and had better make themselves secure for that which is to come. During the evening a collection was taken up in aid of the funds of the Union; hymns were sung by the choir, the organ being presided over by Mrs H. Bellion. The programme for to-day is: — Zenana missionary breakfast at 8 a.m.; devotional meeting at 10 30 ; session resumed at 11'3Q a.m.; and in the evening the association sermon will be preached by Pastor Hyde, to be followed by a communion service, when Pastor Soltau -mill deliver an address. 