GHOST HUNTING AT MOONEE PONDS. A correspondent writes, giving his ex perience of ghost hunting with some other young bloods of Moonee Ponds, who, one Sunday evening after church, decided to if possible unearth the ghost, who, it was stated, always " walked" on certain roads after dark. Five of these adventurous spirits, brimful of courage (outwardly, at any rate,) accordingly started off, keeping close together, (of course, for the sake of company,) on the ghost's track. On arriving at the corner of Ardmillan road and Mantel street, they stopped to hold a council of war, which, however, was suddenly disturbed by some lads shouting out that they had seen the ghost, who was carrying on at a fine rate near some neighbouring corner. The 'young bloods ' glanced at each other, just a little nervously, and evidently thought it would not do to all speak at once - not, of course, that they were in the least bit afraid of the ghost - nothing of the kind, but simply because they did not wish to do anything rash. At last, with a great effort, one who is known amongst his associates as " the honest party " bravely suggested that they should go in a certain direction (whether to meet or avoid his ghostship, does not much matter,) while "Napper" urged that they should make tracks with all speed to Essendon. The courage of the party had, however, by this time somewhat revived, and it was accordingly determined to proceed to the spot indicated by the lads, who by-the by were anxiously waiting to see whether their seniors were game to follow the dreaded spectre, and were getting rather impatientat the delay. The next question was who was to go first; no one seemed particularly desirous to accept the post of honor, but, finally, the "honest party" took the lead and the other four adven turous youths tremblingly followed in his wake until the corner was safely reached, and then-no ghost was to be seen. After remaining a few minutes each secretly wishing he was safe at home. "Napper" bravely suggested that they should separate, and go down different streets. To the intense disgust of all the proposal was agreed to and accordingly "the honest party" and "young twin" went in one direction and "Napper,' "Bluey," and "King of the Forest," in another, but previously it was arranged to meet at the nearest corner to exchange ideas and report progress. When they again met, the following colloquy ensued: "Is that you, Honest ?" Yes Seen anything ? No! Have you ? No, but my word that was a dark road we came along ; black as pitch. What's that ? suddenly cried ' Napper' excitedly, pointing to something shining, and apparantly moving, and all clustered together again in anxious suspense. Come on and see, at length said ' Young Twin,' who had a stick, and solve this terrible mystery, and with some hesitation they all proceeded in Indian file towards the spot, only (to their great relief) to find that the alarming object was, what-the corner of a house lit up by a street lamp. All hearts beat regularly again, and ' Bluey' suggested that he thought they had enough adventure for one night, and it was about time to go home. This was unanimously approved of, and it was agreed that the expedition should be abandoned, each secretly vowing that the next time he went ghost hunting it should be in the day time. 