CHAPTER II. "Love sought is good, but given unsought is better."-Shakspeare LHow pale you look, Carrissima ! Are you not well ' asked: .ictor Galliardi one day. as he came in unexpectedly. Bella was sitting at the window with a book on her lap, but her eyes were gazing. pensively over the sea, and her thoughts were-heaven only knows where. 'I have a little surprise for you, Bells.. Will you guess what it is ' 'it's no use trying Victor.. I never could guess a conundrum. if I guessed from, now till midnight,' said Bella, rising hastily. S?Then, perhaps, I had better gratify your curiosity. I have to day taken a box at the. opera for you ;. so for the next few weeks you. can, feast on music to. your heart's content.' Bella,flushed: crimson, and then turned: deadly' pale till I thought she would faint, but she. recovered herself quickly, and then. thanked him. gently for his kindness. "It will do:the good aunt a world of good' to go there and rest sometimes, and perhaps Mr F-.rebrotter will. take care of you.' Aye that 1 will, and enjoy it as much as either ofthem, signor,. depend upon it,' 1 said, heartily l think Bella knew instinctively that 1. had guessed her secret, and from that time a quiet, unspoken sympathy rose up between us... I am sure of this, for Bella grew very fond of the violin suddenly, and would sit for hours with a dreamy look in her eyes as 1 played to her. Almost every night we went to the opera. Miss Burnett went occasionally, but could not leave her pupils often, and Bella would look appealingly at me. '-Would you like to go to-night Mr Farebrcther 1 And I could not resist her, though I knew it was ! not good for her. So, night after night my little.gir.L tuckecLhecrhand? under the old, man's u'am, and: we went to the- opera together. - Every night Miss Hyland was there, looking radiantly handsome, laughing and chatting gaily with a crowd of admirers most of the time, bat turning away and: ignoring therm entirely when Galliardi was jon. the stage. His eyes sought -her the ins'ant he entered, and many a bewitching smile-and alluring glance rewardedhis efforts, as. I- and my little girl could see.. Poor Bella, how she watched those, two, to be"sure, leaning forward and shading her I ace with her hand or fan till the fire of' jealousy burnt so. fiercely, that it- dimmed her bright, young.beauty, and. paled; and sad dened her cheerful,. bonny face'!: Sometimes I tried to. persuade. her to.stay at home,, telling her that she was tiring, her Sself too much, and losing her roses.;: but she declared so energetically that she was happier there than. anywhere, and, as usual,. being a woman she-got her own way.. It was at this time I found out what a wonderful instrument a piano is. Utnder Signor (?alliard's hands. the, thing seemed positively to speak, expressing his passions, his hopes, fears, joys, and sorrows as plainly as if he had spoken them. \- a went two-or three times-a week to- give Miss Hylaud her-lessons;: and when he came back, always went straight to the- piano. in his room, and, then, after afew grand chords. would burst out into, a triumphant strain that told Bella how enchanting and kind I. Adelaide- was. Sometimes when he came in he would play in a mournful, hopeless, despairing way that made her heart ache for his sorrows, so that that unhappy, little heart seemed. des tined to be always aching,.if not for herself fop-him. \- This wenrit on for several weeks, .till at last the strains :were always joyful and triumphant, all the minor keys. laid on oie oid anud forgotten. - But a change came over the spirit of his dream. One day Bells brought me a newspaper, and, pointing to. a paragraph, said-' Oh, Mr Farebrbother, what will Victor do,' and fainted at my feet. I first of all, you may be sure, looked after the lassie,-and when she was better, to the news. that had upset her. It was the announcement of the approaching marriage of Miss: Adelaide Hyland and- Sir John Castleton, which- was to take place in a few days? I-must-say my first feeling was not of sympathy with Victor. ' Serve him right, the- young idiot, for setting his heart on a fashionable doll of a woman when there's alittle girl worth, a hundi-ed-of her ?crying her eyes out for --him. at, home!' Bt: l'listened anxiously :for the piano, for I knew he had been to give her a lesson that At last he came in, andu if possible, that Safternoon the music- was more joyful tIan Iever, and so it went on for several days until the wedding day. - I began to think 1 had made- a i istake. Surely the man could not be so very, much in love when he could rejoice so heartily in her approaching marriage. with another -man.. But 1 made no mistake. - On the wedding d 1ay ,~a asitti m in the dininig-room iwrithi Bella, when-he hleard -him come inland go slowly upstairs to his room, which was over ours. He went to the piano, mechanically 1 suppose, and struck a few sl chords wildly that wailed despairingly ti through the house, and then ceased, as if his feelings were too deep for even his si beloved piano to interpret. Bella listened intently, her unselfish little heart full of sympathy for him ; her eyes a were full of tears as she turned to me. 'Poor Victor ' His heart is broken,' she v said, simply, and then left inc. Galliardi stayed in his room till the even- ( ing, and then went out. It was an awful 1 night-dark as pitch, and raining cats and I dogs. Miss Burnett caine in about half-past t ten, very tired, so 1 said : 1 'You go to bed, Miss Burnett, and take i this little pale-faced girl with you.: I will sit ; up for Galliardi. I do not suppose he will be. late. t I spoke cheerfully, hoping to raise Bella's : spirits, for the child had beenfidgetting and frettitig about this headstrong young man till she looked like a ghost. i I had been waiting about an hour, and just: closed my eyes, with no intention of going to 1 sleep, you understand. When 1 opened them 1 :again I exclaimed suddenly, for there, sitting quietly before me was Bella, looking more i ghostly than before, in a clinging, white kind a of a wrapper, her long, fair hair waving down almost to. her kneesher pretty face, pale with anxiety and watching, making her dark eyes. look unnaturally large. i 'Did 1 startle you, Mr Farebrother V' she said, penitently. 'I can't sleep to-night; I think the storm has upset me, so I have come to.keep you company,' ' And right welcome you are, my dear. I wish ]i could play the violin to amuse you for a while, bat I amn afraid it would wake your good aunt,' I said So we sat there for another hour, talking bat little, in that uncomfortable state of ex pectation, listening to every sound. The rain. still poured down, and the wind howled, till 1 fancied I could hear on it the last wailing chords. thb Galliardi struck on his piano. Soon after twelve o'clock we heard the key turn in the latch, and, fastening the door, he went upstairs. 'Thank God ! murmured Bella, and,, wish ing me good-night, she went to rest. The next morning Galliardi did not put in an appearance to breakfast, which. did not surprise me, as he had been ont so late the previous evening_ I went out for my usual walk, for 1 am. a ian of habit, and have not missed that constitutional after breakfast for the last thirty years, through hail, rain or sunshine. It was about twelve o'clock when. I returned, and liella met me at the door in such an evident state of agitation and dis tress that I exclaimed : 'Good heavens, child! what is the matter'r?' And for the moment 1 really thought the foolish, fellow had put an end to himself. ' Oh, Mr Farebrother,' she said, hursting into tears, ' I am sure tun.re is soe,:ethin,g the matter with Victor. I[i has been talking iand laughing so wildly all the mormnig. I think he's gone mad.' ' Dear me ! that's very bad, child. I'd better fetch a policeman, or a doctor, or some 4 one,' 1 said, excitedly. 'Oh, no, please don't do that ; but if you would go upstairs and see him-- ' she began. 'To be sure I will,' and hurrying upstairs II paused at his door, Bella creeping behind me, looking frightened out of her small wits.. A.s-she said, he. was talking ,.nd laughing in a very uncanny way. So, after knocking i and receiving no answer, I took the liberty of opening the door and walking in. I saw , at ence that he. was very ill, so I told Bella itosend for adoctor, and stayed with him till She came. S'-Brain fever,' said the doctor at once. E To cut a long story short, hlie had a long and severe illness, and .Bella nursed him like a guar.ldian angel;. and very trying it must have been for her, for the name of Adelaide r was on his lips night and day. When he returned to consciousness, and Ssaw a woman's face bending over him, her Ieyes. full of pity and tears, he murmured, , '-Adeiaide.: 'KNo, it's only Bella,' she said,, sadly, and k he turned, away withm a sigh. The tide turned then, and the battle be Stween his blighted affections and natural Sstrength and youth ended in a victory for the i latter, and before long. he was well enough. to come-downstairs. S' Mr Fhrebrother, will you go and sit with a Victor for a little while 1 I am going out to i get him. some fruit,, and he will feel loely,' s said Bellas 'All right, my dear, and I'll take my 1 violin with me to amuse him,' I answered. Galliardi was lying, on a sofa propped I up with pillows at the window when I went Sin, for he was still very weak, and together Swe watched Bella as she. nodded an adieu to Sus and walked down the esplanade. ' What a dear little girl she is,' said Gal liardi. ' Who 'I asked, grumpily, for 1 was dis 3 gusted at his want of sense in preferring e another woman to her. £ Bella, of course. You dou't know what sa kind nurse she has been to me, Mr Fare brother,' he said, thoughtfully. 'I am afraid , she has overtired herself, for she looks very r pale and thin.' ' 'That's all you know about it,' Isaid, ex citedly. ' It's not waiting on you that mn?ide r her pale. I've no patience with such folly. I Here you go and make-.ourself ill with frett Sing about a cold heartless woman who plays with you like a cat does with a mouse, toss ing you over when she is tired of you, and Smarrying a man with more money. Do you? Ssuppose she cared whether you broke your. heart or shot yourself, or what became of r you ' And here's a pretty, mnodest, loving' Slittle girl fretting and breaking her tcnder t heart for love of you. That's what you've . done,'sir; won that unfortuimate little Bella's' heart, and then care as little about it as Adelaide Hyland does for yours.' Here I came to a, stop. for want of" breath, and no sooner did so than. I repented what I t had said; · ' What an old marplot you are, Jongthan,. m to let the girl's secret out like that, when you- know she would havedied rather than have coinfessed it, I said, savagely to myself. SIGalliardi's face was a study, he was so r itterly takeh aback by my rather unaxpected .. tirade. ' Bella loves me I' he mutterei? incredt [ lously.. 'Forgive me, Gallhidi. I was an old .idiot to talk to you like that. I forgot you 'were ill,' I said; but I might as well have spoken to a brick wall, for all the notice he took. 'Bella loves me !' he repeated. And then, seeing her coming up the path, I beat a hasty retreat. H'lf-an-hour afterwards I went hack again, and, opening the door, looked in. BIut I went no farther, for the first glance took the wind out of my sails completely. There was Della with her head resting on Galliardi's shoulders, no longer pale and sad, bat with a happy, blusing face, and eyes bright and sparkling with the light of love in them. And Galliardi, no longer a blighted being, mourning his unrequited afiictions, but a contented, triumphant lover,, with his darli!g in his arms. ' Well done, Jonathan,' I said, as I re treated unseen; 'who'd have though you would have turned out a matchmaker, like any old woman.' So there will be a wedding from our house very soon; perhaps two, for, as I tell Jliss Burnett, she is far too good a woman to ,e left an. old maid, and I havn ofibred to rescue her from that l)redicament. A~ t present she only laughs at me, but I am a determuined man, and I will marry her, or die in. the attempt; or else I will take lodgings over time. way, and take my violin away, and then no more duets, tmy lady ! I think that thrcat. will conquer her; don't you ? i . . . . . . . . . 