_ ORIGINAL POETRY..-.--_ THE CLOISTERED MAID. The cloistered maid at the window stood, In the twilight dim and gray, When the vesper-bell had ceased to toll, And the veiled nun?.krelt to pray; The golden sun in the western skies Had faded out of sight,' - And sounds of the busy world were still . In the sad, slow-waning light.--. She gazed far out through the cloudy mist That was slowly settling down ; And far away in the gloom she saw The light of the bustling town; She heard the ring of the merry laugh. And the tread of airy feet, As fancy bore her spirit away To the city's crowded street. Andishe mingles again with hr playmrates gay, i-' And laughs with the merry throng, And her bosom swells with childish glee As she dances and skips along; She joins ' hands round' with' the careless throng,': p.. Or plays at 'hide and seek :' Till her eyes grow bright with wild delight,' And the red rose mantles her cheek. . She stands once more at the wicket-gate;- - When the twilight shadows fall, And a gentle hand is clasped in hers That is dearer than them all • And eyesthat are blue and bright and true, Look down with a flood of, light: And falterine lips on her cheek are laid, That murmur a fond good- night. : She walks in her dream: by her lover's side, Where the ghosts of-dead birds sing, Where.sapleas trees. rnd dank flowers bloom,. In the glow of a phantom spring - And vows that were plighted long ago, In shadowy distant years Like angel's whispers soft and low- . " In her sweet "dream-world, she hears. She roams on the verge of the glassy lake, And she climbs the breezy hill; She hears the murmur the waters make That rush to the ruined mill. She gathers the cow-slip with tender hand, And tender thoughts in her heart; 'Till a cloud steals over her shadow-land, And her dreams of love depart. ' Oh! breaking heart,' she sighed, ' be still, Each thought of him is sin, The world outside is cold and wide And hope is dead therein.' . . And she turned away from that windowlone With tears in her weary eyes. Alas I for the love that wages strife, With a love that never dies. For the sun never sinks behind the hill Where his red light faintly burns. But that banished love, like Neah's dove, To its wonted place returns; And day by day in that convent gray, And night by night does she pray. That He, who giveth to all things life, Might take her life away. B. G. BOLSTER. 