Jarvisfield, Picton. (FROM OUR REPORTER) , Hard by the prettily placed little town of Picton, on the main Sydney and Goulburn road, is Jarvisfield, the estate of Mr. J. M. Antill, and a very pretty piece of property. Leaving Picton, and passing by. the show ground which lies on the flat between Stone. Quarry Creek and the steep ridge of Vault Hill, a short and a stiff grade is encountered, upon surmounting which, the gates of Jarvisfield are met with just as the road wheels to the right and turns the flank of the hill. Passing through some good paddocks from whioh all the trees were not cut, some being wisely kept for shade and shelter, and, as a result, for ornament also, a swing to the right brings the visitor to the main homestead on the crest of an easy rise. The house is a substantial, solid and square erection, two storeys high and stucooed over, with an evident air of comfort and homefulness about it. The inevitable accompaniment of an Australian rural mansion, a wide. verandah, fit both for break- fast, summer or afternoon nap, runs along the front and one side of the house. The ground falls in front, rear, and to one side, with easy slopes, which give good drainage; and a pretty view, limited in range, is obtainable from the front of the house. A olear expanse of grass runs down to Stone Quarry Creek, whose never-failing waters flow through the estate. Over the stream is a narrow flat which, on the farther aide, is bounded by an opposing range which fronts Vault Hill behind the house. To the right front is a fine basin-like valley, like an amphitheatre, the drainage of which comes into Stone Quarry Creek in front of the house. The valley of the creek oomes in from the right; a high and steep ridge with a long, level summit, falsely suggestive of a tableland, parts the two valleys till shortly before their union. On this hill, and along the crest line of the amphitheatre, the trees, ringbarked years ago to improve the grass, stand like the ghosts of ante-settlement times. To the left rather, and across the valley from the house where the streams join, two little glens open out into the main valley. In these glens, fine ferns abound; and many trees have been spared, to the improvement of the landsoape. In the old colony days, the times of the criminal pilgrims, before settlement had reached so far, those glens were the haunts of three notable bushrangers, who had eloped from Government guardianship with female partners. Major Antill, of the 73rd Regiment, aide-de-camp to Governor Macquarie, and grand- father of the present owner of Jarvisfield, broke up this gang, and, becoming enamored of the site, secured a grant of it from the Government. Some- thing in the way of cultivation had been begun by the banditti; near the creek Major Antill built a small house, a portion of whioh remains ; and his descendants have remained there ever since. The sheltering kills keep off the winds in great measure, be they hot or cold. The slopes in many places are rather too steep for easy cultivation, but make excellent pasture. The ground on the hill- sides is a dark yellow loam, being covered on the levels with a dark gray surface soil, much more friable and sandy, also more fertile in consequence of the finer alluvial washings from the slopes, and the retention, owing to its flatness, of the decaying vegetable matter. On the flats near the creek the depth of the soil, as well as the breadth of the levels, is great; and many heavy crops of grain, chiefly wheat, oats, and barley, have been taken off these rich bottom lands. Very little of the arable breadths are now kept in cultivation. Grass has taken the place of grain; and dairying reigns in the place of cropgrowing, owing to its more remunerative character. But out of the 3000 acres which comprise Jarvisfield no more than ten acres are kept to cereals, chiefly oats, grown for grain and for hay, with four acres of old established lucerne which flourishes near the brook, and an acre of sorghum (planter's friend), to cut as green fodder for the cows. The lucerne is cut five times a year. The chief portion of the oats was grown upon an old foldyard on one flank of the spur upon which the house stands. The soil had so benefited in consequence of the manure that the oats were showing up well; and their bright and lively green contrastad pleasingly and forcibly with the yellow grass of the paddocks. In addition to this cultivation, there were on the flat a small orchard and vegetable garden for the supply of the house, with a garden plot for floriculture on the ridge to the right of the house. The estate is inclosed and subdivided with strongly- made post and rail fenoes of the good old broad-rail typo, where the rails almost touch. As an example of how the Osage orange succeeds as a hedge plant, there was a short length of that plant as a hedge, which, though looking a little Borabby now in the winter, because deciduous, showed that it could be relied upon for making a good fence with proper trimming and care. The hedge was as old as the house-twenty-three years. Farther along the line of the spur were the cow byres, the dairy, the piggeries, and a substantially-built stone stable, with stone pitched floor. Were the horses always or mostly in the stable, the hard floor might bring about cracked hoofs. As they have plenty of run in the paddooks, the stone floor need not be objected to on this score ; and the stable is the more readily kept clean and healthy. The old stable, a slab erection with slabbed floor, is now used as a lying-in hospital for the swine, The cowsheds are large and commo- dious and ampio room is provided for storing feed, much of which, in the shape of bran, was in storo for feeding the stock in the absence of enough feed of other kinds. The butter-making department is under the care of Mr. J. M. Antill, jun., who has made a start in the way of separator dairying, dealing with purchased milk as well as with that produoed on the place. A four-horse vertical engine by Bansom, Sims, and Jeffries, Ipswicb, drives the separator, a De Laval machine, a saw bench for cutting the fuel needed for the engine and the household, and the churn. The churn is a revolving one by Finlayson, of Kiama, without any internal beaters; and this kind is preferred because it can be cleansed more easily. The boiler of the engine is very useful for providing steam to cleanse all the milk vessels. Young Mr. Antill has succeeded in making some capital butter, whioh took the first prize in its class at the last Picton Show. The bulk of the milk produced on the estate is sent away to Sydney. In this weather the milk ia easily dealt with. In summer, a milk cooler is used, and glacialine is superassed to prevent turn- ing in hot weather. ' Abundance of rain is got from the roofs of the cowsheds, and is stored in a large underground tank beneath, the building. A similar tank is under the residence. It has a capacity of 32,000gal ; and, as the water comes off a slate roof, and is stored away from all heat of the sun, a fine supply of clear and cool water Ís always to be had. The rainfall of the district averages 25in. The skim milk from the separator is drawn off by gutters into a 650gal tank, whence it is given to the pigs, of which a greot many are kept. They are chiefly of a Berk- shire strain, and look very fat and contented. For the last thirteen years Mr. Antill has devoted his attention to the breeding of Ayrshire cattle. His first thoroughbreds were obtained from the stook of Mr. Grant, of Seafield, and Mrs. M'Nab, of Tulla- marine (Victoria) and he was fortunate in procuring from the latter his first bull, Dunlop, bred from stock imported by the late Mr. Horace Wills, of Point Henry (Victoria). Although many times shown, Dun- lop was never beaten. At the show held in 1881, in. Kiama, a locality famous for milking stock, Dunlop took the first prize as an aged Ayrshire ball, and on the same day the first for an Ayrshire bull of any age, the first for the best dairy bull, and the first for a bull of any age or breed on the ground. In 1881 new blood, male and female, was obtained direct from the stud of the Duke of Buccleuch, and subsequently from the progeny of the Duke of Randwick, also from the. Duke's herd, imported by Mr. J. E. Pernell, of Randwiok, and also from the Prince Royal, Scottie, Ayrshire Jack, Ayrshire King, Tiviot, Cardigan, Per- fection, The Laird, and Champion, blood imported into New Zealand. Mr. Antill'a cow Lily I., whioh won the Breeders' Cup at the Camden Show in 1887 and 1888 as the best Ayrshire animal on the ground of any age or sex, and also the first at Picton in 1887, and the first and ohampion cup at the same place at the late show, is by Ayrshire King, from Lily (imported). Two young stock of hers took first prizes in their respective classes at Camden this year. The stock have an excellent range over hill and dale, and oan never suffer for want of water in the driest seasons. It seems a pity that the fine, rich alluvial flats should he kept m grass only, when, with cultivation, BO muoh more Tnoerne could , be grown for green cutting, and sorghum for.tho making of ensilage could be raised with or without irrigation during the hot weather, anddhourra in the winter; this last plant having the name of resisting the froatB. More feed would mean more stook, and more stock more income. By damming the stream the water could be supplied to the roots of the grass or other herbage by lateral soaking and by oapillary attrac- tion upward, even if the flats were not flooded or if no mechanical means, say a California pump, for in- st anoo, were used to water the. crops from the sur- face, The little dells aorosB the valley have their outlets so. constructed that little in the way of em- bankment should give a body of water for distribu- tion to the land or the supply of etook grazing the hillsides., Cattle will not always go far up a hill- side for the sake of grasa if they have to oome down to the flats for water. If they could find water higher up the elopes the- feed on the flats would be lesB oloaely bitten down. AB the head of water to be gained in these tanks would be considerable, a pipe led from them to the orchard would supply water for irrigating vegetables and the fruit trees in time of need; and a fountain could bo added to the other attractions of tho flower garden. Tho high Hill behind the house ia called Vault Hill, booauae the family vault of the Antills oooupioB the summit. The steep slopeB are studded with treea. Once the summit is attained, a fine view greets the vision on a olear day.1 Mining exports have asserted that ooal measurea would bo found on the Pioton side of Vault Hill. No one, however, has made any attempt at coal-mining aa yet. Wood is the principal fuel ; and the looal smith uaea charcoal in the place of small ooal for his forge. For fine high-olaBB cattle and picturesque Boonery, Jariififield and Pioton are hard to beat. _ " ~ AM3BI0AN COMPABATIVE TBIAIS.-In the Uni- versity of Wisconsin, at the Agricultural Experi- ment Station, annual trióla of . different varieties of cereals, maize,, and potatoa are oarefully oonduoted, in order to aaoertain whioh are the moat productive. The grain and straw of the oereals and the tubera of the potatoB (large and Bmall) are oarefully weighed. Of wheat, the moBt productive kind in the orop of 1887 waa oalled Champion Amber, whioh yielded at the rate of 51 buahela per aore ; the next being oalled Finlay, with a return of 47 buahela. The only .variety in the trial whioh we rooogniae aa English ia Velvet Chaff, with a yield of 86 buBhola. It should bo taken into aooount that the average return of wheat per aero of TJ.S A., aa Bhown in the ofHoial BtatistioB, ia but slightly above 12 bushels. Tory few varieties of barley were experimented with, and ¡ these were prinoinally four-rowod. Manohary, of thia kind, produood at tho rate of 43 buahela per aoro; ,whilo tho English Chevalier gave only 23. Among a numerous assortment of oata, the Blaofc Tartarian, "White Poland, and Waterloo /(all well known in England) came well to. tho front; but tho report said thatno variety had yot boen found superior to the White Sohonen in productiveness, strength of straw, and thinnosa of huu." 