THE PULPIT. " But man dieth and wasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost and where is he V— Job adv., 10. Sermon preached in the Church, Warragul, by Mr. Arthur" E. Carnegie, of Queen's College, Melbourne, on Tuesday evening, September 16th. Subject—"The Immortality and Future Abode of the Soul" :— Trouble after trouble had come upon Job. His goods had been plundered and his servants slain; his children had been taken away by the hand of death, and he himself had become the victim of a loathsome disease. Thus was this man, who had been " the greatest of all the men in the east," brought low. Yet he exclaims : " The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord." What is the reason of all this calamity? His three friends, who had come to console him in his distress, say that he is under the displeasure of the Most High because of sin that he has committed. " Remember, I pray thee," says Eliphaz the Temanite, "who ever perished being innocent ? or where were the righteous cut off? Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity and sow wickcdness reap the same." But for all that his friends were wrong, they entirely misunderstood his position. Job himself could not understand it. He, like whom there was " none in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feared God and eschewed evil," felt that he did not deserve it on account of sin. Ah, little did he know that it was because of his righteousness that trouble had come upon him. But so it was. Job was a man of whom, we might almost say, God was proud, and whom God had surrounded with many blessings. Now Satan thought that if it were not for these blessings he might succeed in getting Job to commit sin, and so God gave Satan permission to tempt and afflict servant. Friends, I wonder how many __ us would have endured such temptation. But listen to Job as, wearied with the talk of his friends, he turns from them, and knowing that all things are at least permitted by God, he cries : "Though He slay me yet will I trust in Him." In the chapter whence our text is taken, and in part of the preceding. Job is pleading in a tone of plaintive expostulation with his Maker. He desires to know God's reason for afflicting him, and what his sin can be. He entreats God's favor towards him on account of the shortness of life and certainty of death. The whole is a somewhat mournful nature, as one might expect, for, like other men similar positions, in his distress he seems only to see the dark side of things. Hence the chapter opens : " Man that is born of a woman is of few days, and full of trouble." Gradually, however, his mind becomes more composed. He seems to see that God's dispensations are for the best. A gleam of hope enters his soul. But to our text: " Man dieth and wasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost and where is he?" It might be just as well to notice that in the Hebrew two different words are here used man—geber, a mighty man, and adam, a man of the earth. We have seen the tree in our garden cut down. Not a sign of life is left—the stock is apparently dead, and the roots seem to be decaying. Yet, when the] gentle rain from heaven falletli and the warm sun shineth, then lo, the green shoots spring forth, and all is life again. "But mighty man dieth and wasteth away; yea, earthly man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?" With the help of the Holy Spirit of God let us go deeper into this text, and that we may do so let us consider : I. Mortal man.—A man in the prime of life leaves his home in the morning and goes away to his daily work. He kisses his wife good-bye, and the little ones looking from the door wave their hands to him till he is out of sight. He is full of vigor, and goes on his way with elastic step, feeling grateful to God who has jiven him the privilege of being the breadwinner to those at home. His delight is to toil for his family. He hopes to have in time a home even more comfortable than it is now. The wife pursues her daily avocation, singing it may be, because her joy is great. So the day passes. But the evening draws near. Everything is prepared for the husband's, the father's return. The table is spread ; the kettle is singing upon the hob. She looks up at the clock. He is late to-night. She is growing anxious. The children are getting restless and tired with waiting. But listthere are footsteps approaching, knock at the door. An explanation. The husband is. come—but no, not the husband, only his body. She gazes on that upturned face, the face of him whom she loved. She weeps over him, she caresses him, but he is stiff and cold. The children who waved their adieus in the morning stand by, looking on in silence. They are overawed. They are in the presence of death. 'Tis their father's form, but not their father. Oh, then, where is he ? " Yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" Methinks I see a youth before me. TTia expectations are high. His ambition is glowing with ardour. He has passed through a successful college course, and his future is one of the brightest. His parents and friends think a great deal of him, and expect great things from him in the time to come, He goes away to the University to pursue his course there. But disease seizes hold of him ; she lays him low ; he dies. "Man dieth and wasteth away : yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" Hush ! 'tis the death chamber. mother dies on her death-bed surrounded by her children. She feels the end coming, and is now counselling those whom she nurtured with a mother's love. The • children from the youngest to the eldest listen intently with tears in their eyes.'- ' She is growing weaker and weaker. The words.'Come very slowly. Suddenly new light fills her eyes, and a sweet smile passes o'er her countenance. She tries- to speak, but no sound is emitted. With one convulsive shudder she is gone. Stillness reigns! Then they speak to her, > but there is no answer. They call her by iiame, : but no look of recognition comes from those gazing eyes. No, she ' i .there no longer. What is there is but form,,.a. body, something that. must be pjit.out-of -sight and. reach quickly. But where then is that mother ! When her offspring, think! of her, is it of that mouldering '•* ]bpdy, in the ground 'Wftrrants ? " Man 'j dieth. and misteth away ; yea, man giveth up /the ghost; - And. where, is he 2" Who has not looked uponthe face of the dead? And. .when, look thereon we . see what. WB,< sooner or ilater, shall certainly beqoine, no jmatter what our position, our : wealth, or. our influence. "Dustthou .art,; Mid . unto dust shalt thou i^iim."., "Pprwhat is your life? It is, even, as - a vapour , that appeareth for a littfiB timf^ gnd then vanisheth away." Map., -cometh forth like a flower, and l^Pi i^PP > (]iie;"flieth also as a shadow anjlj^^ijmptih not." , EL Immortal Man. -t-tCmi, $ware be 6uch a being ? Is it not a, confutation f^-terms 2/ Such questions m^y ^ xMi^ ^riae in the minds of some. But.jthoqgh .have, seen that at death ^ «^y:di^:it;,does ;notfoUbw that the man himself dies. He that was there is gone. All the material substance that we could see before death we can see immediately after death, but the being has fled. Is he nowhere ? Is he annihilated? Some say "yes, like the beast of the field he dieth, and that is the end of him." But we ask you to notice those words "giveth up the ghost." Do mere animals do this when they die ? Have they a spirit to give up? With mere animals death is the cessation of being. Man was made as an animal, but he was also created in the image of God. God " breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul," a living spirit embodied in flesh. This soul is distinct from the body. With man death is the separation of the soul from' the body. A man dies—that is, the body gives up the spirit—sets free the souL Has this soul an existence after the death of the body, or does it go into nothingness ? We affirm that it has an existence—yea, more, that it is neverdying. Can we prove it? Let us try. (a). We notice first that a belief in the immortality of the soul is well nigh universal. This by itself is certainly no conclusive proof, but it forms part of strong presumptive evidence. Whatever may be the source of this belief—whether it be a divine revelation once made to man and ever since held with tenacious grasp, or a belief originally impressed upon the heart of man at his creation, or a mere tradition that has been handed down through the centuries—yet that the belief has ever existed and does not exist cannot be gainsaid. We find it in ancient mythology and in the religious worship of the nations of to-day. Everyone must admit that at the foundation of every religion, ancient and modern, lies this doctrine of the existence of the soul after death. In fact it would be almost impossible to have a religion without it. (b). We now turn to Nature. Can we find here anything to help us? We certainly cannot find anything to prove that in the dissolution of the body of the material there is any probability of the destruction of the soul, the spiritual, the immaterial. On the contrary, from the analogy of Nature we have strong presumptive evidence that the soul of man does exist when freed from the body. We see the bird and insect burst tlieir shell, the worm become a fly, and the chrysalis become the beautiful butterfly that floats through the sumiy air. From this we gather that the same being may exist at more than one period, with different degrees of life and perception, and with capacities for action, enjoyment, and suffering. Moreover, we see this exemplified in man when we compare his state at infancy, youth, and maturity. The body that the youth has is not the same as the infant had, and the body that the man has is not the same as the youth had. They are different bodies. Local death has been going on all the while. But the being himself is the same— the soul has remained. Therefore, that we are to live hereafter in a state it may be far different from our present is but according to the analogy of nature. Again, at present we know that we are capable of happiness or misery ; we are conscious of acting, of enjoying pleasure or of suffering pain. Now, unless there be some positive reason to think that death destroys these capacities, we must presume that we shall still be possession of themafterdeath. Foritisupon this simple rule that we act in daily life, and judge that what exists now will exist one minute later. We see a man lyin^ asleep, but we do not for one moment think that he lias lost his powers. We know by experience that very often while the body is at -rest the mind is working. Again we see a man in a faint. We do not even here imagine that his capacity for thinking, acting, suffering, is destroyed. We know that when he comes to again his powers will still be there. And we look upon a man in death, up to the very moment of his death in full possession of his mental faculties—now, upon what analogy or reason can we say that these faculties are destroyed, that the soul, the man himself, has ceased to live ! All that we can assert with truth is that the body is dead. Probably, and for all that we know to the contrary, that soul havin^ been set free from its tabernacle of clay, has winged its way like the butterfly from the chrysalis, to regions unknown to us. In the words of Bishop Butler: "There are instances of mortal diseases which do not at all affect our present intellectual powers ; and this affords a strong presumption that those diseases will not destroy these present powers. . . . Now what pretence is there for thinking, that a progressive disease, when arrived to such a degree—I mean that degree which is mortal, will destroy those powers which were not impaired, which were not affected by it during its whole progress quite up to that degree ? " All, all on earth is shadow—all beyond is substance. This is the bud of being, the vestibule. Strong death alone can heave the massy bar, This gross impediment of clay remove, And make us, embryos of existence free. Embryos we must be. till we burst the shell. Yon ambient azure shell, and spring to life and reach it there. Where seraphs gather immortality." From Nature, although we can obtain no direct proofs of the soul's immortality, yet we can gather enough to warrant us in expecting that death shall be similar to birth, that it shall put it at least into another state of existence, with capacities it may be greatly enlarged upon our present, (c) And now let us turn and ask—what says the soul of itself ? We have, doubtless, noticed that there seems to be no desire of which we are capable to which there is not a counterpart to be found. There is food for the hungry, water for the thirsty, light for the eye, society for the lone, and so on. Also there are parts in man not designed for immediate but for eventual use, such as the teeth buried in the socket during the first few months of infancy. Now there is an indescribable yearning after something which is not to be found in this world, manifested by almost every human being—a longing for another existence, for greater knowledge, and all this does not grow weaker as life advances, but grows strong. Is it unreasonable then to expect that these yearnings will be satisfied after death? Surely the Creator would not have given to men these unsatisfied \- obtained longings - only to be for extinguished 'were after a few short years. Further, is it probable that the mind of man, which is constantly being educated up to the last moment of its stay here, is to be quenched for ever ? This life is a training ground, time of education. Even the oldest among us will admit that he has something new to learn every day. Is this training go for nothing ? Are we being educated state of -annihilation ? No, surely not? Is all our learning and all our attainments vain ? That mind which has explored the earth and travelled from star star, yea, and ascended even to the holy holies, is that to be, after a few short years, sent out of existence 1 No, it cannot be! Again, in this world sin often goes unpunished and virtue unrewarded— this then to be final ? " No V' the soul makes answer, " there is a time coming when the Judge of all the world will do right, when the wicked shall be punished, when the virtuous shall be rewarded, when " the crooked shall be made straight, the rough places plain 1 {d) But is this all that we can learn of the soul's immortality, do we base our belief merely on these evidences ? No, thank God ! We have placed in our hands a book of revelation from our Maker, wherein we are distinctly told that that what He has given us, namely, the living soul, will live on for ever. Need we dwell on this point! Every man that has read his Bible must admit that this doctrme is definitely announced. Without it the Scriptures would be for a great part quite unintelligible. When God created man, He created liim an image of his own immortality. The patriarchs were gathered one after another to their people—and God is not the God of the dead, but of the living." Enoch and Elijah were translated without death. David in sorrow over his infant son cried —"I shall go to him, but lie shall not return unto me." Isaiah said—" Thy dead men shall live." Throughout the New Testament repeated allusions are made ; see especially 1 Cor. xv. But Christ's own words : " What is a man profited if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul ?" Settle it once and for ever—man lias a soul which shall live hereafter. How' far then have we got. Man liveth and dieth, after death his soul lives on for ever. " Alan dieth and wasteth away : yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ITL Where is he 1 Let us now proceed to answer the question " Where is he ?' Where does he spend his immortality ? Friends, this is indeed a very important and very solemn question. Where are they whom we used to know, with whom we lived, with whom we held conversation, but who are not to be found in this woj-]<1 now ? Where are they ? And O ! where shall we be, when we come to give uj> the spirit, when our bodies die ? For our information we can only go to the bo< >k of Revelation, the Bible. There it is shown plainly that for every man, after his term of probation in this world, is reserved one of two places—heaven or hell. Into one of these he must go for all eternity, in one of these he must spend his immortality. Heaven, the abode of the righteous, the dwelling place of those to whom the Judge will say : " Come ye blesseil of my Father, inherit the kingdom prep,-i rod for you from the foundation of the world. "' " Now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face: now I know in parx : but then shall I know even as also 1 am known." " It doth not yet apjiear what we shall be ; but we know that when He shall appear, we shall be like Him, for wo shall see Him as He is." " Behold the tabernacle of God is with men and He will dwell with them, and they shall be His people ; and God Himself shall be with them and be their God. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes : and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there 1 any more pain, for the former things have passed away." " There the wicked cease from troubling, there the weary be at rest." O glorious home of the soul ! Meeting place of martyrs and prophets and saints. Region of light, where God, who is light, and Christ, who is the light of the world, shine for ever and ever. Region of purity, wherein is not anything that defileth, no deceitfulness, no untruth. Region of holiness—before the eternal throne, angels and archangels, cherubim and seraphim, bow with reverent awe, crying : " Holy '. Holy ! Holy '. Lord God Almighty which was and is to come." O, happy home for those who enter, where all is love. Place where friends long parted, husbands and wives, parents and children, brothers and sisters, meet to live in happiness, in righteousness, in holiness for ever. Blessed, yea, thrice blessed, are all who enter therein '. But what of those who are without, whose abode is in hell, those to whom the Judge shall say, " Depart from me, ye cursed, into the eternal fire." Ah I who can picture their wickedness ? who can tell their sorrows ! who can tell their pains ! Dwelling place of the devil and his angels, region of sin, of darkness, of eternal death! Meeting place of sinners—of murderers, theives, blasphemers. Region of everlasting punishment, where never being delivered from their sin, they go on sinning and sinning for ever. Mercy never enters here. All hope is gone. " He that is filthy, let him be filthy still." Groans unutterable, wailings of despair, gnashing of teeth. Eternal woe '. woe 1 woe ! " The worm dieth not and the fire is not quenched." O, horror, who can bear it. Let us draw a veil across the scene. Cursed indeed are all who enter there ! Friends, whither are ice bound 1 to heaven, or to hell 1 It must be to one or the other. O, that each would ask himself the question : " Whither am I bound?" and may the Holy Spirit of God lead you to the right answer. Because we belong to a guilty race, because we ourselves are sinners, our due is to be for evershut out "from the presence of the Lord and from the glory of His power ;"" our just sentence is : " Blackness of darkness for ever." But can we not by livingrighteous lives and doing good atone for our sins ? No ! a thoussnd times. No ' we can do nothing. to atone for our sins. If we were to live righteous lives from this very present moment it would be only fulfilling the commands of God for the future, and what about the past! Moreover, because of our depravity it is impossible for us to live righteous lives of ourselves. O, then, is there no hope ! no deliverance ! Must we spend our immortality in that region of despair ! No hope, no deliverance, once we get there: but thanks be to God! He Has' made arrangements whereby whosoever will may in this world receive a right to enter heaven instead of hell, may obtain eternal life instead of eternal death. Then does anyone here enquire the way to heaven 'I Is there here one poor soul who desiring to " flee from the wrath to come," wishes to know what lie must do to be saved 1 If such there be, hear ye the words of Christ the Son of the living God : " Enter ye in at the straight gate : for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadetlj DO destruction, and many there be that go in thereat: Because straight is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it."—Matt, vii. 13, 14. " I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father but by me."—John xiv. 6. Yes Christ is the way. O, then, have you Christ? Have you gone to the Father through Him and obtained forgiveness of your sins, and thus received the gift of eternal life ? If so, then great is your joy, for having Christ as your Saviour, your sins are all forgiven, you are able to live a righteous life in this world, you have an abundant entrance into the glorious home beyond the grave. If you have not. then great is your danger. A few more years, a few more months, even a few more days may usher you into eternity, and how will you escape if you neglect so great salvation. O, then, to-day, yea. at this very moment, while you have the opportunity accept Jesus Christ as your Saviour "o 9 through Him to the Father, and tlm out all eternity you will have c; liaise rejoice. to 