TUMUT HE W S. ' [FROM THE TIMES.] June 29 — Olio day last week a valuablo carriage horse, which , had been running at largo upon the Tumut common, was peppered with shotbysom'o, scoundrel much lower hi tho animal crcatiou than tho poor bvuto ho wantonly mutilated. When wo . ' first heard of tho occurrcnco wo wero feign to think that tho horso had accidentally received ' some stray shot from a sportsiuau's gun, but upon inspection it was clear that tho deed htid,' wo grieve to say, been wilfully dono. As 800u as tho news urrived horo that tho ' Government had decided, in. a Cabinet mooting, to place two other lines among their railway pro posals, but madb/iio allusion to tho Tumut railway, Mr. E. G. Browu, our Mayor, telegraphed to Mr. H. H. Brown, tho momber for Durham, to try and ascertain what had .been dono about our line. Subsequently Mr, E. G. Browu received a reply to the , effect .that ;Mr;}.S;itherhind, Jiad refer rod his , Sir Henry Piirkesj tholatter^^^fh^^W^u^^'1 of tho Tumut railway wdsstilfundbr consideration, but;,tho Cabinet had not' yet come to a decision aboutjt. Mr. C.' L. Hurt, tho Tumut to Kiondra mailman, hap kindly furnished us with the ' following details of. his last trip, from tho ' Alpinu City' to our town Four 'of us left Kiandiu 'at 8 n.m. on' tho 21st iii3t.; and got out two mil'es'w'itii great diffi culty through deep snow 'drifts. Thoro was a dense fog, and tlio falliug snow and sleet nearly blinded us and our horses, so after holding a con sultation we all agreed to return, Whicli we did. Tho next day, at 8 a. in., wo again set out for Tumut, but had not proeuoded far when wo en countered a heavier snow storm than on tho previous morning ; tho fog also came on thiekor, and there was much ice on the crecks ; but a mountain-bred ehesnut mare I rode acted splendidly, and made the passage of tho creek O'-isy. by breaking tho ice for a certain distance with her fore feet as neatly as one could with a sledge hammer, and finishing the business by rearing on her hind logs and bringing her two front slioes down upon the remaining ice. She would, after cleaving a clcar way. for tlio others, scramble up tlie opposite hank, in most places heaped high with snow. Duriug tho morning the fog grew denser and the cold was intense, as our party, like ' sheeted ghosts,' moved on over the ico fields, in silence. Gradually the fog became st- thick that we could not identify objects a few yards ofl. We calculated that we woro then fivo miles out, and probably about a mile from tho road, for it was impossible to find it, und we could only steer in the right direction by guess work. At length we agreed to follow our tracks back to Kiaudra once more bcforo they were totally obliterated. Wc readied our starling placo a little boforo dark, all of us being cold, wot, and miser able. My three companions vowed that if thoy could only get their horses alive out of tho snow nothing in tho world would ever induce them again to mako a. journey in winter. One of tho threo, a Fienchmanj elected to remaui hi'; klaudnt rather than face tho snow again, ami so he tacitly paid a coniplimeut to British pluck. Sunday morning gave promise of a bright clear day, aud tho rest of us set forth onco more to try and reach Tumut. This timo success crowned our efforts ; hungry and half-frozen, wo reached Yurrangobilly, where, we were most hospitably provided with food and shelter for the night by Mr. and Mis. Campbell, In the morning wo found the snow from ono to two feet deep. Tliis is much deeper ' than 1 liave Been it hero for tho last five years- 1 will not occupy your space by detailing our udven tures crossing over terrible Talbiugo, but simply say that aftor travelling 32 miles in the deep snow I arrived in Tumut with the mail bags on Tuesday, at half past 2 o'clock p.m.' I would pohit out that the powcrs-tbat-be should cause guide posts to be put for a distance of niue miles at least oii tho road from Kiaudra. Had there boen such on this occasion there would havo beon no delay to mails an J . passengers, and for tlio want of such road marks some unfortunate mountaineer may yet* perish in tho snow. 