A MINER'S MILLION. Bt fi MONK FOSTtfR, AmSwrof w Oar«i»hsUrt Vengeance,' "For Love and QoU," "A Boor Man's Tragedy," Ac. UlMWHW SSKBTBD.] OHAPriia x v. . WAIiTKB AHD BOTH. Ik was new midnight when Walter Mid Alice reached the little country station at AHayne. They footid a ouiUkgn awaitiag them with the driver fast aaleep tnride, apparently sa comfortable aa though he irere In bed. Walter routed the man and asked bin bow locg he bad been waiting. ' "Sfnce ncoa, air," the ooaohmw replied, nibbing hii eye*. "Master gave me strict order* to wait till yon oome, an' they've kep aandin' men from the Priory to aee if you'd tm'tr "la your muter any better?" Walter •rind, a> he helped Alice into the vehicle. " Woss, ao Marby aajm. air.'' . . «,Dfive aa tart possible," said Walter, M be Mated himself and drew np the window to ihut«nt the chill November air, V inM^w'doat turnui over, f«f the ua jne." the driver replied laconically, I long whip laah ahot oat #ith a aharp .and tbebone,a powerful bay,shook ff Umbftaad broke into a awift paoe. B WQaon aat quiet in her outhioned j o f the father ahe was about sior th« aeocod time, and filled with a te mixture of gladness and regret. She 1 to think beraelf the poMeasor of an 1 name, yet regretted to diaoover her / ao near hia death. Looking back to I aorntng, how long it aeemed aince die bar lover on her wav to school. Into tbe laat twelve hour* of her life had Ooma mor* of romantic incident than in all her previous years. She and her mother had •tnggfed for nan to support themselves iwpactably, and the elder woman bad sunk qulstly to reat thinking fondly even to the laal oonaoiooa moment of the handsome, pUasant-tonaaed man wbo bad woo'd her ao brar. won her ao easily, and deaerted her and^er little baby girl ao quickly afterwards. ' Atfce had become ao habituated to narrow MW and the practice of aelf-deniai that a&b;^d modified all her earlier ambitions, qui'bar afar csprtles ware bat commonplace edifioes of brick. Now, however, the future •awiifcd to promise m new life to bar." Her father waa almoat a millionaire; ahe waa a Ix»Corphan nolonger. Then a quiok aharp pun smote ber aa ahe remembered that her mma): bad died ao poor and even her honour overshadowed. ''We axe near the Priory now," aaid Walter, aa he pat hia hand through the wiadow and glanced ahead. " See, it is there, •ver the trees." : The moon badjaet fought through a dense tpMkof cloud, and Alioe could aee the old qovse plainly. lights showed through a few windows aa II aome of its dwellers were still awake. Presently the carriage came to a standstill, they flighted quickly, and aa they naued through tbe entrance ball to the foot of the staircase leading to the aiok man's rcom, Lady Butb met them. " & you have dome at laat, Mr. Gray," her ladtahfp arid to Walter, looking critically ana cariously' at bis companion. " Wilson bas been Inquiring for yon ever so often." am aiury I have been ao long away," ft •nswanad touching the tips of Lady ra fingers, which bad been extended ^ jjj,^ jg m y comia any jHHe iaunch worse—is greatly agitated al out something or other, bat he is stiU quite oonsaoua." Lady Kuth still scanned Alioe inquisitively, and Walter deeming it bast to keep the'latter'iidentity yet unknown, introduced herby saying: " Your ladyship will permit me to introauoe my oounn, Miss Wilson. Your hugband wishes to see her. I'll aee if he is ready to receive ber." " I am delighted to know yoar cousin, Mr. <Jray," Lady Butb aaid in her most amiable manner," lam sure we shall be great friends. You must be fatigued with your journey; let me remove your cloak ana offer yoa some refreshment, Miss Wilson." While Alice was aubmittioghersdf to the haads of ber fair hostess. Walter harried away to the akk-room. He found Wilson Gray awake and anxiously awaiting his arrival, and the latter was evidently disappointed when be saw his kinsman enter the chamber alone, "Yon have not brought her with yoa, Walter ?' the sufferer cried querulously. " She Is not my child then, after all!" ••I have broogbt ber, Wilson. She is waiting now to aee you, and there Is not the slightest doubt about ber being your daaehter." " You found the certificate and portrait?" " Yes, but not where you placed them. Still, they are here, and I have also obtained the locket I told you about." " Let me see mem, Walter I Let me see them!'' \- Walter handed the articles to his relative, and with trembling hands and eager eyes Wilton examined the document and portrait be had placed away «o many years before. Then be opened the locket and gazed upon Ua own features, and opposite Ua own face smiled that of his beautiful wife. • " I remember the locket welL 'Tig the one I gave her. Where is ahe ? Let me aee ber." | " Do not excite yoursdf, Wilson. I will fetch her in a few moments. And prepare yourself for a surprise. She resembles ber mother so exactly that these portraits seem to be hers. She it was who frightened yoa that day in tbe fields, when you thought yoa saw yoar wife's ghost', "How, Walter! How? Tell me." " I will send ber to yon, and ahe will tell you bow it happened." " Yea, send her to me. And, Walter, go to Ruth, and tell her all. It will be a great blow to ber to learn that oar marriage waa illegal, and tint her child is illegitimate." "I will tell ber, and I had better take these portraits and marriage lines to confirm what I have to say." Walter left the room, went for Alioe, took her to ber father, and leaving them together returned ta the chamber where Lady Rath aat, looking as superb as she did when first be met ber at Sir Wilton Haigh's. Walter felt quite at eBae inRuth's presence, but he scarcely knew how to commence telling her what he had come to Bay. Lady Hath seemed to be a little composed, and the glanced furtively, novaod again, at her old lover. She bad really loved Walter when they were engaged, and ahe loved him even now With a depth of passion he thought her iasapable of feeling. Lady Ruth firmly believed that her old lover still cherished bis former passion for her, and ahe imagined that he had sought her company for no other purpose than to pass the time near her whilst the oonsinsjwere closeted together. The proceedings of the last twenty-four hours had puzzled even her astute ladyship. She had wilfully ignored her husband's request to aend for Walter Gray because she knew that her old lover's presence at the Priory boded -her no good. The physicians were agreed that Wilson Gray could not possibly recover, and she wanted no visitors until her husband died. Then she would be safe, but while her husband lived ahe wished to keep him and bis kinsman apart After getting Wilson's signature to the document she had prepared, Lady Rath thought all her scheming and working were doj9. Bat Wilson unexpectedly regained bis senses, ahd persisted in telegraphing for fail bousin. Then Walter came, and was dose ted with Wilson for a long time. Then Walter went away again, and was expected back once more. At last Walter retained bringing with bim a beautiful woman, whom he bad presented to her aa his cousin. All this puzzled her ladyship very mac'-i. What had passed between ber husband and bis oftosin during their long interview? On What errand had Walter gone when his return occasioned Wilson such anxiety ? She opuld not find the answers to these questions, and strive she ever so adroitly Wilson would not answer them for her. Weak to the laat, Wilson Gray dared not tell the story of bis yoathfal ain to his wife. He knew her strong passionate nature, and he-feared the edge of her keen invective. He took refuge in Us illness, and relegated all explanation to a tongue other "than his own. So Lady Ruth aUDl remained uncognizant of the storm which waa silently gathering around her. \- When Walter returned to the Priory with Alioe her ladyship's bewilderment was intentUJci. Tbe sudden appearance of a beautiful coosin hitherto unknown, and even unsuipeoted, added fresh elements of confusion to tbe mass of incidents which defied her ladyship's brain to unravel. When Walter left tbe two women together Lady Ruth was espeoiaUy kind andi charming totntia Alioe. She plaoed ber In the cosiest «iiijr Jo the warmest corner of tbe room, OreW sip a small table, ordered a dainty and appetising supper, and poured out some wins fpt Alioe with her own jewelled bands, cfiimBg all the time, and adroitly offering ilia, Gray, for such I most now call her, •wry opportunity of explaining everything about herself. But her ladyship's strategy was not blessed With the success it deserved. Alioe might have unburdened herself to Lady Rath had not Walter come into the room just then, •tying that his cousin wished to see Alice at ODOO. She rose Immediately from ber unfinished supper and left the room, and Walter Gray aooompanied ber to tbe door of the *V >>r chamber, bhe went inside, closed the door behind her, and Walter returned to Lady Ruth to aoqoalnt her of oertain facts. (To be continued.) 