IT is recorded in the archives of Australian history that there was once a country town where the roads were in a very bad state of Cpsir. Thereweaalsoa newapper in, thattown and the editor, when su bjects for leading articles were scarce, used to take a turn at the streets. One day the Mayor announced to him that the Council had at last yielded to hiis, impor tunity, and had dgtermined to fix up the thoroughfares. To his utter surprise the jourpplist was astounded, and was even more indignant than he was astounded. "Great heavens, man,' he exclaimed, " those bad streets are worth £25 a year to me !" His tory repeats itself, and something approachin~ a parallel- bar, perhaps, the pecunias?j cbo sideration,--an bit found in..Ipswich. The waterworks are the standing fall-bask for our City Fathers. What their annual: worth is to our cnp!cillors is not known, but it must be something considerable, judging 'from the continual discussions on waterworks matters. Scarcely a meeting is held whereat the pumps, or the condition of the reservoir, or the' engineer, or something connected with the water.supply isapu.q riticised,.and usually in an adverse strain. -iFirst one alderman and then another breaks a lance against the seem ingly impregnable fortress, and though attack is discontinued before the nibeWidA closes, it is renewed,at the next conolave,with unabated enthusiasm. And now all this is to be done away with I The Concil &re; volun tarily cutting away the debating. ground from under their own feet; they are giving up their pet subject as a sort of offering on the altar of self-sacrifice-immolating it, in short. What they will do when the unconsumable bone of contention is removed, no one can tell, but anxiety as to the future may be relieved when it is remembered that the removal cannot be effected forthwith. Indeed, now we come to thiu'kpf it, the `aquiryauthdbElsd to be held intd~the iateriwoib?uehtion may be a deep-laid plaz to icur" further discussion on the subject6gy irliortig some fresh matter intoit. It is to be .ervetly hoped that such ýdillýo'tobe the case. After the recent muni cipal exploration in search of new sites for a esservoisand.pjmpigg n, -and. the uab sequent visit of ngineers, and the still more subsequent deasoo~h to°. fmt' a unimprove menta--to g nothing of the yet more subee. quent outlay mcurred-it was devoutly trusted that the waterworks ghost had been laidofor good and all. But, no; as an American would say, nary a lay ! The ghost seems to have simply transferred its peregrinations to another promenade-ground, where it is said td stalk andigibber in alm?atas ghatly a manner as of yore 'Really, it is time for. something to be done of a decisive nature. This is not the first occasion on which we haved urged such; a course.; 'Rumburs and ,hints and insinuations are nasty things, and they should have no resting- place in connection with any institution or public department. The inquiry,. to be of permanent effect, must be -a thorough A .Eeery alled'. 8tid t ntobe carefully must have full sway, and therefore, while bytno means insendingrto reflecton the capabili`ies of the Council, we would suggestthat sbme man of unquestionable integrity, not connected with the Corporation, should have a seat o? the commission. Then, if all this be done,it may -&ethat.; the-,all- powerful words, " Best.,thee, poor ghost I" will be spoken, and the hideous apparition will sink for ever out ofsight. 'As tothedeterinination of the Council to ecure for the town an improved water suppyy--eve4 lap an 'additional coit. ff i?12,000?-lmost every citizen will applaud it; for, if the aldermen "carry out the underto g 'i n business-like manned qrand entrst yel work of laying the mams to competent and experienced bands, in about twel?e monthi' ?ime,Ipswich should have one of thei mo.st aatsaradtory systems of water works in te colony; and-the best of it is that the entire improvements can, with judicious manage ment, b effec&thot; cauging any increase ~t~e~Bt~lt~:8·ni ~ =momB~ 