THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. M. NAYVILES DI30OVERIES AT SIUBASTIB. (xma rvxas.) The excavation of the Great Temple of Bubastis (bthe rains of which,it will be remem bered,werediscoveredlastyearbyM.Navilel) was resumed some five or ix weeks ago, and isnow In fall progress. Former operations conducted by the Egypt Exploration Fund have for the most part been carried on In places remote from the beaten track; but M. Navills, by marching his little army of diggers to Tell Dasta, has brought his w not only within an easy distance of Cairo, but within a few minutes' walkof Zagag, the meeting-place of a net work of railwy lines, and the head- quarters of the Egyptian cotton trade Zgazig station may be described as the Maline of the Eastern Delta-the bourne for which every traveller, whether his destination be Damletta. Mansurah, Salablyeh, Sues, or Port Said, Is Inevitably bound As alltrains stop here, and as there is generally a dreary hiatus-of a couple of honurs between the arrival of the incomnlog train and the de. parture of the next, it may readily be imagined with what eagerness the tonrista of the present season are just now thronging to the scene of M. Naville'. labours, The work of the Egypt Explora tion Fond has, in short, beoome a popular institution; and instead of living like anchorites in desert solitudes where the Impress of a patent leather boot upon the sands was as startling a novelty as the famous foot- print on the shore of Robinson Crusoe's island, the explorers are now cheered by the daily visits of numerous travellers of all ranks and nationali ties. The sne. Is curiously picturesque. Here, grouped tonether on the verge uf the great Cemetery of Sacred Cats. are the tents of the ofeer. of the Fund; yonder, swarming like bees at the bottom of the huge cratoer-like depression which marks the area of the temple, are seen 300 to 400 labourers-diggers in the trenches and pits, basket-carriers clearing away the soilas It is thrown onut, overseers to keep the diggers at work, "pathway-men" to keep the paths open and the carriere moving, gangs cf brawny "' Shayalio," or native portesre. harnessed together by stous ropes, and haulIng or turning sculp uared blocks which have not seen she light for many centaries; girls with bowls of water and sponges, to wipe down the carved aurfaoes preparatory to the prooess of taking paper " squeezes;" and small boys to run on errands, help with the measuring tapes, and keep guard over the tents and baggage. With so many hands at work and so many overseers to keep them going, it is not wonderful that the excava Ions make rapid progress. The two large pits which were opened last season are now thrown into one, and are being enlarged from easet to wept, followiog the axis of the struc ture. The sides are also being cleared. and before another month shall have explred the whole temple-of which, apprrently, not one stone remains upon another-will be visible from end to end. Its entire length Ie probably about 7001t. or 800kt.; but measurements, of course, are as yet purely conjectural. We may remind our readers that the pits Ssunk last season disolosed the site of a grand Shypostyle hall, strewn with fallen mono Slithio columns of the twelfth dynasty Sworkmanship, and a hall without columns, but lined as It should seem with Selaborate bas-relief sculptures represent. ing a great religious oeremony, and Scontainiug tens of thousands of aintely Sexecuted hieroglypblo Inscriptions. The I column. of architraves of hypestyle-hall. ennaIbe vvaas o>Sam I. The insorip. dons of the festival hall commemorate Osorkon II.. of the twenty'secocnd dynasty, and his Quoee Karonma. Besides the two hisltorical landmarks thus determined,. various blocks bearing the names of Usertesen III. and Pepi Merira, testified to the existenoe of the edifice not only in the days of the frst great Theban Empire, but in the very remote age of Jbe Pyramid Kings of the 6th dynasty. At the same time, a small tentative exacavation at the western extremity of the site yielded Sthe name and titles of Neotanebo I ,of the 30th and last native dyne ty. Sauch heing the ontoome of but four weeks' labour as the olose of the season in 1887, it seemed reasonable to hope for important results when the excavations should be resumed. This hope is being more than foldiled; and every week-it might almost be said every day-yields some new and valuable link to the chain of historic evidence. A third hall, dating from the reign of Osorkon L, has now been found betwee0 the hypoeatyle hall of Bamnes. IL and the festival hbll of Osorkoo U. The roof was supported by two large columns with palm copitals, and the walls were sculptured with bas-reliefs on a large aoals, representing Osorkon I. In the act of worshioping Boca as.5 other deities of the city. Eastward that I. to say, at the end by which the temple was entered-two garailel trenches have. reveated the site of a colonnade; and here the base of a statue of Neotanebt. I. has been found; thus showing that he made additions o both extremities of the structure. The western end, now in course of exoavation, appears to be of great width; habut its length Ss as yet not asoertained. That it contains the sanotuary may be taken for granted, end the sanctuary is probably the work of leatenebo. Unlilk met Egyotlan temples, the great temple of Bast dons not appear to bave been protected by one of these mrsslve erode brick walls wblehi readered the temples of Karnak and Tanis as impregnable as fortresses Heros dosos express y states that it was sur rounded by a "low wall baving 8gure. engraved upon it ;" and this low wall, like the splendid creen runnlig round the great temple of Edfoo, was eviden ly of arone scnlpntured in basreflef Likhe the rest of the building, it must have been of red granite, and we may hope shat some portions of It may yet be discovered. TheBubasatre, at all even5-, seem to have been too preod of sheir famons temple to mark Its beauties by a circsit of unsightly ramparts. So much for the progress made in exoava ting the diejeta membra of the bullding thes ' fnds," however, are yet more note worthy. That Bobastis was the site of an Im portant Hykaoe settlement Is what no one suapected; but Ii Is a fact consellvely establlahed by the work of the present s-aeon. Two black araute atatuesf(one no fureonatety he-dlese) of the usmlstakeable Hyksce type, the lower bali of a seated mt*sce of an ucknown king, alDo of Hyksoa work, and a8 e red geasete arebitrave ens graved with th- oarsouchs of Apept, the isoat famnou of the Hyhse rmless, have been diecovered all rearogetsher withinthe last three weeks Tbe frst found of the b ack granite pair Is hbs deseribed in ons of she weekly reports despataehd to the comn mirtee of the Egypt Expklration Pond by Pd. Navile : In diggieg to the southward of tbe Hail of Oorkoo I, we found flas the headdress of a onlosal statas ln black gracnle, the head brokru foe as the level of he eyes,'I maprestly the lewer.part of the face The 11t1 eeehk and the beard are damsaged& but the sight side is psrefot, ad the two halve A s each other exactly., The typ d a the fae b Hykese; the sunke oheeks ad a the projecting mouth being exactly like a those of ohe Tints sphinxes. The headdress a Lsthe 'nams,' with the mars. Thebase and feet of this state are still lying a the bottom of a deep pool, whence they will have to be hauled out when thb water has some. I what subsided. A statue of a Hykoe King wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royalty is certainly unique." The companion statue (headless) was found oui yten days aso, also in a pool of water. Oorkon II. has engraved his ovals on the side of the throne on whloh the statue site, and has erased those of Ramees II. which that Phlroah had cut upon the front, beside the right le of the status, having himself erased the names of the original owner, whomsoever be may have been. As these statues were found nur the a architrave of Apapi, it is probable enough that they are portraits of that king. 1 The other Hykeos statue, broken off at I the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr Naville writes. under date 18th Maroh:- "Oar most important discovery up to the present ime was made yesterday morning. I I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished black granite which I thought( might belong to some good monument, and I had it unearthed yesterday. It proved to be the lower half of a ife-aie figure of very beautiful workmanship, with two columns of finely-cut heiroglyphe engraved down each side of the front of the throne to right and left of the legs of the statue. These insoriptions give the name and titles of an absolutely unknown King. who, judging from the work, must belong to the Hykaeo period, or, at all ev rnts, to one of the obscure dynastles pre oading the Hyksos invasion. I forward a copy of the nsoriptions. One cartonohe contains a sign which is quite new to me, and which I therefore cannot decipher. The other reads ' an-Ra' or RaI-an'-a name unlike any I have ever seen. He Is de. seribed, most stracgely, as the worshipperof his Ka (i e., his ghost or double) . . . Sinoe writing the above, I have been over to Bonlak, and have shown my copy of the Inscriptions to Ahmed Kemal. edDeen Effendi, the Mahomedan official attached to the museum. He was deeply interested, and said at once, 'That l the Pharaoh of Joseph. All our Arab books call him Relyan, the son of El Welid.' He then wrote the name for me na Arabic, which I enclose herewith. For my own part I know nothing of Arab literature or Arab tradition. I should not, however, be dis. posed to attach much weight to this curios coincidence. Still, it ti corious, and certainly interesting." Such is M. Naville's account of this remarkable statue, which Is now drawing crowds of visitors to Tell Bast. and hu juat been photographed by Emil Brugch Bey, leaderof the Boulak Museum, and an accomplished photographer. The photo. graph gives a front view of the inscribed throne with the legs and feet of the statue. It also shows the left thigh, foreshortened and clad in the striped "' shenti," or folded kilt The mutilated fingers of the left hand are seen re-slog on the left knee. The acdelling of the knees and legs is admir able, and the hieroglyphs are brilliantly cot, the king, in addition to his cartonuhe, being styled the "Go1d God," and the " Son of Ra." The name, as pointed out by M. Naville, may be read with the syllable "'R" as either a prefix or a suffix-as, for Instance, Remeri and Raenuser may with equal pro priety be rendered as Meiras and Userenra. Whether we take it as "I lans " or ? Ra ian," the name of this new King has a strange, barbaric aspect, and looks like an attempt at writing a foreign name in Egyptian characters. That it exactly transliterates the "Er-ReiySu " of Arab tradition cannot be denied; but it must be remembered that Oriental tradition is notorionsly untrnstworthy, and that the Arab name g'ven to Joseph's Pearoah is evidently an apperlative, being preceded, like that of his father, by the article. Arab writers of Egyptian history are. in fact, much upon a par with the authors of the Arthurian cycle and the tales of the Paladins of Charle. magne. Cradled in an atmosphereot super. stition, they beheld all things through a mi-age of romance. They regarded the monuments of ancient Egypt as works of magic, and the Pharoabs who built them as. mighty soroerers; and if here and there a thread of genuine local tradition be. interwoven with the fabulous tinse of their marratives, the whole is so clearly unhistorical that we must despair of ever definitely separating the true 'from the false. Joseph in tb beloved hero oD - --maUd€ oa-Arab legends, ni where the Biblical narrative of hs life fails to supply any special detail, ouh as a proper name, that detail Is unhesitatingly drawn from purely Arab sources. Thus Potiphar's wife becomes Zolelka and :be anonymous Pharaoh is introduced as an Amalekite Prince named Er Reiyan, the son of El Welld. That the stranger hordes which invaded Egypt under the leadership of the Hyhsos may have Ineloded .n Amalekite oonclogens is not Impossible; for the Amalekites of old were a mighty nation, and their territore bordered upon Egypt. Bat we turn to the pages of El Makrizi-a sober wriar, worthy of all credit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and suoh otherenbjects as eame -itbln his k-mwledge and obesrv. Ston-we at once see how little a fairly trustworthy Arab may be trnated when his only sources of information are the legends transmitted by his own countrymen. Having related how the Amalekites, led by Welid, son of Dum'. invaded Egypt, then ruled by " Aymn of Ktoos." and slow the Egyptians "with an exceeding great slaughter." he goes on to say that the followers of Welid chose him to reign over them, and that hi rule lasted for 100 years. "And he went forth to attain the souroes of the Nile, and he beheld the Mountains of the Moon, and he wss absent for forty years." He then returned to Egypt, and again subdued Pharosh Aymen. who again opposed him." "And Pharaoh Aymen fled, and Welid reduced the people of Egypt to slavery, and ruled over them for 120 years till he perished . . . Ad hbi son Er Relvan, the son of El Welid, the son of Domi, one of the Amalekite. reigned ; and he was one of the most powerful of the people of the earth in his time, and the greatest King. Now the Amalekites were descended from Am ik, sosof Land (Lud). son of Som(3hem), son of Nas (Nah); and Er Relyan was the Pharaoh of Joseph, on whom be peace. . . . And it is sad that the Par-oh of Joseph was the grandfather of the Pharaoh of Moses, his father's father, and his name was Barkh ; and he was lofty of stature and beaotiful of countenance, And after him rkigned l·s son Dartorush. and he is also oalled Darim, son of Er R?iyan, and be was the fourth Pharaoh, and YTsuf (Joseph) was bhis Khalifa." Brief as this extract Is, it suffioe to show the fanciful character, the glaring contra dicltons, and the otter valaesslesse of Egyp'lan hletory when written with the reed pen of the Arab ohronioler. The invasion of the Amalekitse based perhape on some vague memory of the Hyksos conquest--vanishee into the region .f fable, and the vie orious princes whose family-tree begins with Noah, take their place among the shadowy heroes of the Thousand and One Nights. That the learned and courteous Ahmed Kemal-ed. Deen ffendl (who Is, be it observed, the ( only Oriental Bgyptnlogat in the world, and a good hieroglyphia asholar), should nave I recognised the Mullm name of BR-yan in that of the unknown Hyksos k ng is a ploturesque Incident whihb at once appeals to our Imagination, but the de duotion is one which Ear'pe-n scholare are bound to rreive with extreme reserve. In he nhe meanhbe It moust be conaeed that the letter-for-letter identiy of the two namesis, to say the least of it. very extraordinary We must not, however, forg't that "Ba.lrn n may with equal oorreotness be read "'an-Ba," and "lan-BR" l ecurloulr like the name of the Hyksos "lunans" or " Janlas," who, In lag quota tion wh'oh profses to be given ver batlm from Masetho by Josepbus (answer toApi n, Book I, sfeion 14), i said to have reigned for fifty years and one month, ad t, have been the saoosesor of Anoobls and theprsdseesor of Ai.b. It woal hbe nareasonable to doabi that lannas is as tral an bistoriol personae as Appi, nd it Y as eat possible that leanssad In-Ba may be one and the same. That Joseph g s deHr yksoe kinghsalougbeneanejp sj, n by the majority of Egyptologlet as a very a probable hypothesis, both chronologically 0 and from the Internal evidence of the 0 Biblioal narrative. A Olherdisocverie, soaroelyless interestisg, E have rewarded the labours of the frtnateat explorers. The fact that the 18th Egyptian ' dynasty-the famous dynasty of the Thothmes and Amenhotep Kings-hold I have left no traces of their power in the d great cities of the Delta, has long been a t puzzeling problem. Within the last three c weeks, however, two lilfese estatnes of a scribe of that period have been found. Though otherwise perfect they are unluckily headless. The fgnre siet cross-legged, each boding a half-unrolled papyrus enroll upon his lap, his name and titles beling engravenon the scroll. From these inscrip- t tions we learn that his name was Ameobo' c tep, and that he was styled "the Priance, I the great friend who loves his Lord, the I Chief of the Works of his King and of the Provinces, and of the Morehlands of the North." He wears a loose garment secured by braces, and on the brooch-like ornament whiabch conneots the braces, as well as upon his right shoulder, Li engraven the oar touche of Amenhotep III. Khnenaten, the diso- worshipping Pharosb, who sucoseeded Amenhotep III., and founded the city of Tell-elAmarna, is also repre sented by a sculptured fragment containing the sacred oval of Atea-Ra, the deity of the disc. These objeest are of great historieal moment, inasmuch as they show (1) that the temple of Bast, after being enriched by the Hyksos Kings, and before being rebuilt by Ramesis II., was yet flourishing in the time of the Restoration; and (2) that the disc-woraship promulgated by Khnenaten extended to the Delta. Till now it has been traeed no further northward than Memphis. Among other valuable flds bearing upon the historical continuity of the temple may be mentioned a colossal head and torso in red granite, loscrlbed with the ovals of Bameses II. (19sh dynasty), and a black granite statne of this King, of heroic sire, the striped hsad.dress coloured alternately amber and blns, the hands reeting on the knees, and bearing the following intsriptio r-" As long as the world shall last, thy monuments will pros par, O, King Ramesee." This fine statue is broken in two, but is other wise uninjored. There have also been found (1) a head and torso of a standing king in red granite, probably Remeses VI. (20th dynasty); (2) a small basalt statue of a Salts priest bearing the cartonehes of Apris, the Biblical Rophra (26th dynasty); (3) a beautiful fragment of a statue of Nectanebo L (30th dynasty); (4) two Greek inscriptions on black granise dedi. cated to Ptolemy V. and Quaeen Cleopatra I., by oae Apollonins, eon of Theon, who styles himself "one of the King's friends; " thus carrying on the hie ocy of the temple to the second century ac. A very important inscription on a block belonging to the festival hall has also turned up, giving the date of the festival, which, strangely enough, proves to have been held in honour of the Theban god Amen, in the twenty-second year of the reign of Osoukon II., on "the first day of the last month of 8bS," the season of Inan dation. M. Navile writes: " But what is most extraordinary is the vest number of colossal stataes which must have crowded the temple before the festival hall was built, nearly all snuch as were of red granite having been cut up wholesale by Osorekon for building blocks. We constantly discover passages of the festival inscriptions on fragments of statues which have been built lnto the walls; and it Is not at all an usual to find part of a sacred boat which I. being carried in proceaseon upon priests' shoulders, on one aide of a block, and on the other side a head of Rameesall.-sometimes defaced, but sometimes in a fair state of preservation. So little did the kings of Egypt respect the images of their predeces sors " Such are some of the splendid results of the explorations earried on by IM. Naville, assisted, as last year, by Mr. F. Llewellyn 0GlBth and Count d'Bulat, during the last few weeks at Tell Basta; and the -eason is not yet over. Who shali say what new treasures the next month may not bring to light, or what new facts connected with the obscure but deeply intereestina Rphes wand may eat be in 055 fee nsg- ZxoepL only ens great temple of Tanls, excavated by Marlette some twenty-eight years ago, no Egyptian rein upon so colossal a soafe has been systematically explored, or has yielded so rich a harvest. 