;A Russian Ghost Story. When the Winter Palana was finished the empress appointed a day for taking posses sion of it; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noble men, mounted guard in the new castie. A I long, dark corridor lead to the middle door of [ the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o’clock and the arrival of I the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage.' Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of the throne-room. Who could have any business [at Each an unusual hour in a I room which was designated only for the re-' I ception of foreign ambassadors 1 One of the | young men considered It bis duty to iavesti | gate the matter,' and approached the door I for that- purpose, but as soon as be bad 1 glanced through the keyhole he called to j his companion in. a whisper ’ to come nearer. “ The empress has already arrived,” whisp ered he ; she is seated on the throne,directly opposite to the door.” The otheralso looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Bussia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; bnt it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no side view of the apartment The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said,— “ You can all now retire: the empress will not come to-night.” “ But her majesty iB already here.” “What? Who2” “ Her majesty is in the throne-room." “ Impossible!” “ You can see for yourself.” The officer looked, immediately recog nised the empress, and said wonderingly,— “I cannot understand what the uiarsha means. He has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could Bhe have come secretly 2 At all events l will ascer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the em press may pass this way.” The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. “ My God, it is the empress ' Her majesty herself! What can it mean ?” exclaimed he. “ilow can this be possible, when I have just left her presence ? She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, ami I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room he guarded ! Let no one go in or out! I will hasten to report at once.” The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace,temporarily occupied by the empress. “ Where is the empress 2” “ In her sleeping apartment." “ The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.— “ Are you sure that the empress is here 2” • “ Of course ; she is preparing to retire.” ‘‘Inform her instantly that I am here.” In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress’, chamber. The empress stood before him in in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. “ Well,” said the empress, “ you look as if yon had seen a ghost. What in Heaven’s name is the matter with you 1 Is there any news from the army 1” Kuratin hurriedly related what he had “ it is a knavish trick,” cried Elizabeth. “ We will take a nearer look at these come dians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry.” Arrived at the Winter Palace, the ca3 telian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers were com manded to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. ' The light shone as before through the key hole. . The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard, who placed themselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds, and crowned with the royal dia dem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved for ward a few steps. Simultaneously the ap parition stood up, stepped down from the throne, and then remained standing as im movably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment I “Fire!” cried the empress. The-guards raised their gnns and all six aimed directly at the ghostly Tisitant. ' The .triggers snapped. At the same instant Urn figure, clapped its hands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into intense darkness. Then followed a great commo tion and confusion, while the empress “firing-lights!” Light8 were speedily produced, and each corner \va3 thoroughly searched, but abso lutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no one leave, the palace. - The empress, ordered a more thorough search to he made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the per petrator .of'the trick, if trick it were. '. The occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she would admi t. Eight weeks afterwardsshe died. . Not Good Grammar-—A young lady was sitting'with her lover in a charmingly , flcco rated recess.’ ■ On her knee was a diminutive niece. In ah adjoining room, with door open. _ were the rest of the company. ’-Says the little niece, in a jealous and very audible . “ Auntie, kiss me, too.” We leave you to imagine what had hap pened. 41 You should say tw™e. Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar,” was the immediate re joinder. ' Clever girl. . Jk Professional- — “Beautiful sport beautiful,” said the bagman. “ Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots.” ] A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel officej put down his paper, rushed' across the room and grasped him warmly by the hand. * _ . “Allowme to congratulate you, sir," he said,” I am a professional myself.” “ Professional sportsman ? ” .. “No; a professional liar.” Father (haughtily)—“ Well, sir!—’’ Sdk,(imploringly)—“Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; but I am young, and'I have yet time to make reparation. If a future life of honesty—” Father (angrily)—1"• Honesty! to, to! Who prates of honesty to a retired iee dealerl” 585» 