HARRIER MINING I From the Silver Age, July 20.1 I observe that— perhaps owing to what appeared in Wednesday's Silver Age touching the water supply at the Broken Hill Pro Drietarv Mine — the shares have been in unously affected on tbe market, it was pointed out, by way of showing the reason of the experiments that were being made with the object of rendering the mine water fit for use in the boilers, that 'so long as the supply iu the dam holds out the want of rain will not be felt, but that supnly failing, and no other source being available from which to draw, the works would of necessity have to bs shut down.' But it waa by no means intended to imply that the supply in the dam was likely to oe Boon exhausted. I did sot obtain any exact data on the point, bnt am mcl'ned to think there ennot be lesa than three mop tha' provision in the tank. Surely there wi-l be some raiu before then ! Mr. .fatten, like a cireful and far-seeing Manager, haB. however, determined on having, if possible, two strings to his bow. And I have no hesitation in predicting that. he will be successful in nentraliz'-ig the: corroding acids which at present render the, water from the mine useless for steam pur- - posea; though no doubt it will alw-ys be preferable to ubb dam water, if only from motives of direct economy. There eeemi to me noii the ghost of a reason In the state of the water supply for the fall in the price of the shares. ... The scarcity of money resulting from the depression of the share market ia producing its natural effect in causing work to be Btopped on many of the interests recently formed into Syndicates ; and as oalla are bat very poorly responded to, the malady seems likely to increase to the detriment of the de velopment of the field, and loss of employ ment to the miners on it. In the course of a drive round the Mount Gipns district many claims were found to be at a standstill. Amongst others I found idle were the Bise and Shine Company, the Star Sjadicate, the Lord Clyde, and several less import int claims. Moat of these possess fair shows of ore, and, I think, only wane work done on them to produce good results. One bad point in the system on which Syndicate arrange ments have been generally based, ia the fact cf giving too much cash down to the pro moters, in addition to the large interest re tained by them in the venture, and leaving too small a Bum to be devoted to the working of the mines. A still more objectionable feature has been the paying over of the entire amount of the stipulated cash pavment to the promoters before the money has oeea all paid into the hands of the Secretaries and Direc tors, who now, in many cases, find them selves with a strong proDortion oi the scrip on hand, and no ready caaa. The Britannia and Scotia Mine, which has already yielded a considerable amount of good ore, is working steadily on. The shaft has readied a depth of 272 feet on the under lie, and a drive to the north, now in 70 feet, , ia yielding good ore from a lode formation about 4 feet_ strong, of which the rich ore bearicg portion consists of 3 to 4 inohes againat the footwall, and the same on the hang'ug-walL The ground is very easy to worn, and the expense of raising com paratively small. There is a large amount of backs to be atoped out, there being only one level worked at about 80 feet down, consequently the present level has some 170 feet above it. A winze is being sunk from the 80-feet level for ventilation pur poseB. The body of ore runs about 50 per cent, of metallic lead, with 63 oz. of silver per ton ; and the gossany clayey looking ore, with very little appearance of silver to the naked eye, goes about 160 to 170 oz. of silver per ton. The sorting of the ore, which is a most important matter, is very carefully attended to ; and the various qualities are placed in their respective heaps. But it would answer the p .rposeof the Company to keep a good assayer on the spot, aq that every variety of ore could be at onca tried by an infa'lible test. A nice steam- engine of 10 horsepower does the hauling of both the material and the water. At. the Eaglehawk, in the north drive, where the lode formation is now 6 feet wide, good chloride is being found, and the south drive where the native silver ia being found is now in over 20 feet. The lode ia widening out and is now about 3 ft. 6 in. strong and 1b still maintaining its native silver show. The richest silver-bearing ore Beems to lie below where the influx of water prevents working ; the last shot at the lowest attainable depth having given the richest ore yet found. The Manager has counselled the Directors to fur nish him at once with a steam-engine to get over the water trouble. Central Broken Hill.— The lately opened lode still continues to show wider as further work is done on the side of it. The quality is the same aa waB last reported. The quantity of ore in sight is necessarily much greater with each day'B work. At the Broken Hill JSouth no notable change has taken place since last report. Everything is going on favourably. 