CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF THE OBSERVER, The CHRISTMAS NUMBER of the ADELAIDE OBSERVER will be published on SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22. The contents of this number will be Biwh as to m*lnfaJn the high character and popularity which the CHRISTMAS OBSERVER has enjoyed for BO many years. The reading matter will consist largely of tales feyAustralian writers, bat several specially appropriate stories from the pens of English authors have been secured. There will also be a special budget of Poetry, Generalities, Riddles, Parades, Charades, &a; Among the literary attractions will be the following:— " An Australian Galatea." A story of Exploration and Strange Discovery, by Heron Shaw, whose previous contributions to the Christmas Numbers of the Observer have been so much -appreciated. " Miss Nomer's Nonsense." A tale with a •cry novel plot, by E. D, CUland. " Fleetwood's End." The story of two Christmas Eves, by Miss Adeline: ^Sergeant, author of " Jaoobl's Wife" (published in the Observer and Journal), " Under False Pretenoes," &c.;, &c.; "The Black Moss Mystery." A Christmas mining story, by Monk Foster, aathor of "A Poor Man's Tragedy," "Judith's; Romanoe," Carchester's Vengeance," and "A Miner's Million," now being published In the Journal and Observer. "The Filling Cross. Two Christmas Days," by Ichor. "The Strange History of a Christmas Card," by Lindsay Duncan, author of " Miss Dainty," "Up the Blver," "For Mab," Ac. "His Certificate of Freedom." An Australian story, by Alex. Morrison. " The Ghost of the Prinoe Rupert," by BL Gaunt. " An Australian Ghost Story," by M.P. In addition to these attractions a HANDSOME COLOURED PICTURE will be preaented with each copy. This is entitled, "THE LAST IN THE MARKET," and is by Mr. HALF* HKDLET, the ^well known North of England Artist Mr. Hedley is a native of Northumberland, and his paintings are well known for their marvellous truth to life an4 the naturalness of their local colour. Mr. Hedley la • constant exhibitor at the Royal Academy, and Is also a well-known exhibitor at the Royal Institute of Wateroolours, and obtained first medal at the Kennell Club's Exhibition of Do Pictures la 1882. The scene depicted in our Coloured Illustration is one well known to visitors of the Bigg Market, Newcastle-on-Tyne, The Carrier, whose Covered Cart fills the picture, has probably oome from one of the many wide districts still untouched by railways. In the early morning he wended his way over many a distant bleak Northumbrian Moor to the busy city on Tyneslde. His dog keeps faithful watch over his young master, who sleeps whilst awaiting the return of the Carrier, who Is the last to leave the Market-place. In the left- hand •oner la seen the graceful crown of St Nicholas's Cathedral. 