WRONGLY SUPPOSED TO BE DEAD. An elderly gentleman rest ing in the Rue Rocbechouart, Pans, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to life. He has a nephew in Paris, who being duly informed of his demise repaired at once to the house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle until they should be borne to their last resting-place. The evening after their arrival at the house of mourning, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to the drawing-room to take some repose on a sofa ; ana a servant; caving placed some wine and broth on a table, he threw himself into an arm-chair in the bedroom and soon went soundly to Bleep. On awaking at 4 in the morning he found that the bro£h had disappeared and that the bottle of wine was half-empty. Becoming ^alarmed he went to bis wife in the drawing- room, roused her, and told her what (had hap pened. She returned to the bedroom with him, bnt the pair had hardly reached the door when they heard a noise. They paused on the threshold, and to their consternation a voice bade them not to be afraid bnt to come in. The husband entered the room, bnt soon rushed out with his hair standing on end. He had seen bis uncle's ghost. The old man was sit ting, enveloped in a sheet, on the ride of his bed. The supposed corpse had the utmoBt difficulty in getting his panic-stricken relatives to understand that he was not dead after all. '?I am alive!' be repeated, adding that the preparations for his funeral had not escaped his notice. He had been in a lethargy, and, waking np, had helped him self to the broth, which had done him good. Hearing someone approaching he had jumped into bed, as he was anxious not to cause any alarm; but Richard was himself again. He felt perfectly recovered, and certainly on closer examination the uncle's appearance by no means belied bis words. The refreshments had come in most opportunely to restore him, and, aa he was much pleased with the affec tionate attention which his relatives had shown him after bis supposed departure from this world, everything was soon made happy and comfortable all round. The doctor of the quarter had not yet officially confirmed the demise of the worthy ancle, who seems to have taken a new lease of life. 