THINGS THEATRICAL- - Br Frit aro. Miks Ada Ward'ti many ndnrirera, nnd tbrir namo i« legion, will bo glnd to henr that, nn took tint liberty of anticipating lnnb week, Mragrs WilHanison, Garner, nnd Mnngmvn imvo Rccureu her vuluablo aerviccs for twelve montliK from date. Mwn Wtird is tho lnont populnr nctresx, nnd deservedly no, in Ann- tntli.i, nnd vhcrevur ubo plnyn with Mi'GharlcH ynrucr, ho will find hnr a tower oi Hlraucrili Lo Iiik comp.my. Colonial plnygoora will now hnvo opportmritipflof Honing Miss Wnr»l in sovoral Him partH worthy oi licr pownrR, which will in- oludo tho new character of Mrs tieabrooko in Captain Swift, her well-know powerlu! ns- Rumptton of tho Conntran In Tho DautAclieffR, peilinpH Paulino in Tho Lady of Lyons, nnd many other powerful roles. Wo iioi>e that now Miss Ward m to ntay with us for bo Jong a uoason, f«ho may Bottio down permanently amongHl ns, for there will always be work here for »> versatile aud popular an actress. Henry Brncy, the imjmlar truer, and Mins Clara Thompson, his wife, ore on tho way hero by tho Orient, which . is duo hero about tho middle of noxt month. They bring with tlx-m three popular comio operas, Tho Old Guard, Tlio Lily Of Lcoviile, and . Alfred Cellter'H cnrlier work, Tbo Sultan of Jlocha, Mr nnd Mrs Bracy are not muter engagement here, but hopo to bo ablo to conclude arrangements with Moaum Williamson, Garner and Muugrovo for a aeosoii, nhorlly after Christmas. The Old Guardisavcry tuucTuI aud highly amuainir opera, with two ''very, groteuquo characters, pUyed in London by Messrs Arthur Roberts ond J. J. Dallas, the parts being tho May 01, Barber, Innkeeper, DaKliing .Gunrdsinan-a acteainingly funny pat t in Mr Roberts' hands, anil 0110 which Mr Iloyco would play to perfection— and tho old Marquis. These two old chums havo an, excellent daot, called Tho Days when we wero Young, which gets several encores, os nung in London, aud tho same may bo Baid of thosong called Tho Dashing Mil) (aire, whioh in ono of tho most delightful rollicking songs I 'Imvo heard, and will rival Killuloo in popularity. The Lily of Leovillo is also a protty opera, and Tho Sultan of Mocha was. vory succcsnful whon produced last year at the Strand Theatre, with Mr Bracy ns tho sailor hero, his yawning song, with tho refrain, Oh dour, I am bo sleepy I being very oluver. It was in this opera that Mr Charles Dauby, now touring with, the Gaiety Com pany, mado Iiia first success in Londou as tho comical Captain Sneak, Hands Across tho Sea, which will bo with drawn frotn tlio Theatre Royal on 7th Decem ber, after ten- weeks' altogether phenomenal success, was played for tho first timo 111 Lon don at tho Brinceus's Theatre on Dtli Novombur, with u Btrong cast. On tith Decem ber Mr Warner will rovivo hero Choe. lleado's ever popular It's Never Too Lata to Mend, playing for tho first timo In Australia his famous impersonation, at played by him over a thousand times in London, of Tom Robinson, when lie will bo mippnrted by Mies Isabel Maurice, Miss Gracio . Warner .and Mrasra Herbert Flemnring, William "Elton, H. H. Vincent, V/. F. Olithcrow, E. B. RumcII, Frank Gates, Harry Lcston and Albert Marsh in tho chief characters. A week or two ago I printed a littlo poem which my old coinpanion' in arms, Lord Tennyson, sent me. This publication Aocms to havo encouragetl - another )met to indito for . mo . a theatrn-pnetio effu sion. I am - hoc so well ablo to identify the poet this time, but if I beliovcd in spiritualism I might bo encouraged to odvanco the theory that thn Ghost of - ColerSdgo hod given tho world a now vorsion of his Ancient Mariner. However, -hero it is, so my renders can judge fur themselves— It Is an seed actor. And ho stopped ono of throo — . By thy vrog-dyod lace and unshorn chin. Now whjlor stopp'sE thou 1110. ' Come, hither, mr lad," the aired ono raid, 44 Ecllcro mo a friend, not a foe— 11 01), let mo pour into your little pink car "Tho tale of an actor's woe.'4 Long, long ago I was a star, And transcendental shone, (Excuse this tear, I'll take ehcer), Alack 1 thoso daya are gone I At rcgleg Gully and Kowta Flat I Ktnrreillt many a time ; Ah, nnnc could touch mc in those days, When I was In my prime. The house was suro to be crowded then, .When n benefit I'd take. And the loud uproar of the gathered crowds Tho very roof would shake. You ahould lmvc seen mv ontrr as Hamlet tho Dano, With grief on my rtricken face, With a seromliilng wall tram tlio tkhJIrr'e twain, And a groan from the double hiss. Or heard the cheers that rang In my cars, ' And echoed near end far. As I clasped my Juliet to my breast— 1 . Witn a chord from the orchestra. ! OrlfAvillainlchosQlopIay. .- . With wig of ravcnliuc, . I'd strlile and mouth and shout44 8a! ha I" As a villain ought to do. ' . Asatcrn Macbeth, I'ni euro I, had; ! No equal on an » stage,.. And my Clown, Sir, In tho pantomime,' > Was thowondgrof tlieage. ' My D. T. sceucG as Coupeau, too, . . 1 reckoned a master touch. Though tho critics sneered and said they feared Tint I had rehearsed too much, I wlll not tell you how I fell Down from my high estate, For, as you say, yon rehearse to day, I fear I should make you late. But think of the pangs that my bos 5 111 rend, And morn at mv sorry plight— 1 now go on n;Ilh tho crowd nnd shout For eighteen pence a night, " Havo you got such a thing as a bob to spare T Thank you, I shan't forgot; - > And, it you' should meet mo on Monday next. Remember I'm In your debt. I was a star, I am a star. On which tho sun has ahono. Rut onco a star, I'm now ' three star — . Hero the boboyEald" .Move on," ' Ho mores on. By tlio latest advices irom London, I boo that Mr Rutland Harrington, who "created" tho parte of Groavenor, in PAtience, 'Captaiu Corcoran, in Pinafore, Pooh-Bah, in Tho Mikado, etc., lias opened tho St, James's Theatre, until lately associated with tho Kcndale, with an adaptation by Sydney G randy and F. C. Fhilipd of tho lattor'a novel, Tho Dean nnd His Daughter, under the title of The Dean's Daughter. Tho play seems to havo proved only a moderate success, its plot nnd churactorH being distasteful. Tiiu Dean, played by Mr Barriugton, is n mean and despicable personage who is always in pccum - ary.embarnBaniont'?, and drcorntoa his requests for monetary aisistanco wit!) toxin from Scrip ture, Hia daughter Miriam sells herself to an old and rich admirer, from. whom sho is ulti mately divorced, nnd sho is oventnally mnrried to her young lovor after -bearing the cdiuin for. somo timo which is snpppscd to attach ton divorced woman. Mr Harrington has In reserve an adaptation by Mr W. S. Gilbert of Georgo Eliot's Romol&, in which tho new actress, Miss Julia Neilson, will mako her regular debut. In addition to tho names I gavo you on Friday, Messrs Phil Robinson, F. II. Oowou, William Elton, Captain Barnott and Henry Vincent hnvo promised to contribute to Frank Cotes' Christmas Theatrical aud Musical Annual, which will bo got up in tho style of tho London Era Almanac, and will be illun- trated by some of Phil May's skotchos and some fino portraits of stage-royalties, inclu ding Henry Irving, Ellen Terr', Sara Bern hardt, C. Coquelin and Georgo Grossmitb. Mr Charles Warner's contribution describes bis journey to Australia last year. Henry Irving is already booking another Americau tour for 1890, when ha uroposes to take over his new production of Macbeth, that Is, I take it, if tho revival proreh suooossful in Lobdo.n, which it can hardly foil to do. Mean- whilo tho elaborate preparations aro in pro gress at tho Lycoum, and rehearsals aro already commenced, Miss Ellon Terry having returned from her holiday on tho continont, whioh sho bos spent Jn studying the arduous role of Lady Macbeth. I eaid last weok that I would tell you all details with regard 'to tbo new pioocs Mr Warner has secured, so I now redeem my promise. Heart of Hearts is a new and original doraestio'comcdyin throe acts, by Henry Arthur Jones, _port author .of the Silver King arid author of Saints and Sinners, The scene is laid at tho Priory, Avonthorpe. -Eng land at the present time: Act I. takes place in thn ItyiU at the Priory ; .Act 1L In the morning room at the same placo, on the nsxt day j ana Aot IIL in tho garden outsldo the Priory, on the following morning. The characters ore Ibe Young Squire, : Harold Ftsralf ; hls xnothor, ; tho hsughty 'Lady . Clarissa ; his. sweetheart, Lucy Robins ; Lucy'a nnole, James Robing late groom to Miss AVilhelmina Fits- rati, and. now . Butler; to Lady ' Clarissa f Misa Lricy h unfortunate father, l)n'el ' Robins; Miss ..Wdhelmlna Fitartdf; Jthe' .toman tio ipiuiter. Recretiy married' to'-harrex- groom ; ufajwnj lUtner. too old man bf thi woild, and Sybil,' -his acSemlrig daughtef t t)rOl)et3% the family phyriqlan M)d:lri«nd:rol. to faipiiy, and four mmor bharaeteny tofaflyaat; vaot». : The H«fart Hearts Ushandsom ... ' '; v and vc-r> yaluablo ruby bracelet, and it n tho tumnorary o>r of this hi- irlooin which forms tiiu raipm tCitre of tho play. Lady Clarinsa Inu just hail returned to her from ft jeweller's Una costly trinket: Harold rcccivesit from the assistant nnd carelccsly leaves it rxi#o<»x! on a table near to an open window. Daniel Robins, the father whoir. Lucy lifts not seen for many year as h« liad boon wrongly condemned years ago on rv charge of assault by the foUo witness of Harold's father, tho late squire, and whose unjust imprisonment ficeinq to Invu hardened to n life of vice, comes in to sec his daughter, and finding the bracelet, gives way to tlio strong teuuitaliun and meals it. Tlio Cnmu . is at onco fixed upon pour Lucy, though tho renew for this is not so apparent, as tho pur.-e-proud Lndy Clarwin'H disliko »»f her son's Immbly- born fiancee, which probably suggests the dis trust, for 110 swooteruor nioro innocent girl than Lucy could be infiigined. The |)oor girl is left nlono during dinner, and her father comes' back, having rejicnted of liia crime, and after making himeulf known to his daughter, begs her to restore tho trinhot, keeping secret the fact of tho theft, as ho is again falsely Accused, this lime for a burglary which had been com mitted in the neighborhood. Sho promises to do tin's for his sake, and ho leaves hqr, Mias. Latimer coming Into tlio room just as Lucy is placing tho bracelet in her jiocket. When tho party return from dinner, Sybil accuses her of tlio tluft, nnd tho jewel is, of course, found in her possession. Tho poor girl bears the accusation ho ns to shield her father : but when sho is about to lenvo the Priory— suspected now oven by her lover— her father is brought to iho houso by constables, and, it having been proved that ho vvas iunb- cent of tho burglary, tlio mystery is cleared up ; tlm secret of Mies Wilhchnina's marriiigo with Robins is forced from that worthy crca ture by her husband, who considers it timo ho exercised his authority j theLatiinorH nresentte the right about by tho indignant young squire, and all endB as happily as it always should do. This ia simply tlio outline cf Iho story, which, It must be confessed, is not strikingly probablo ; but its slight idiosyncracies will bo trcely forgivOn for tho rako of tbo amusing situations caused Vy tho secret mar riage and tho pathetio episodes of which tho charming Lucy is so interesting a hp rcine. The piny was first produced by Mr Thomas Thorno at tho Vaudeville Theatre for tho first timo on 3rd November last year, and was played about GO times. Hard Hit was also written by Honry Arthur Jems, And was produced ut tho Hnymarket Thfatro on 17th January, 1887. It is in four nets, and is an interesting play, clcvcr and in- genimit, and its plot hinges on tho trinls and troubles of two young pvoplo who are Becretly married to each other and nro enduring tlio Pangs ot poverty causod by tho sorting pro clivities (if tho husband. Two villains, a mnn and a woman, arc on their track, both being unaware that their victims nro hub.ind and wife. Tho mate schemer endeavors to win tho heroine by craft so ai to gain a fortune of L18,000, to which sho is heiress, for which purpose he reeks to compromise her by decoy ing her into his bachelor chambers, whero sho ia discovered by lior husband and her tather, and also by sonio fast young friends of tho villain Cudllp, which nddB to her shame. Jim Afihbco, tho other schemer, docs not scruple to nnsiiit Cmllip in his schemes in tlio hope of re gaining tho affections of tho hero, ft rejected iuvor of past days. Cudlip hna a tool, 0110 Bratby, a low rascal, who afterwards serves hia own ends by disclosing his em ployer's rascality. This play also had a run of alxmt sixty nights. I will tell you about Open Houso next week. Contemporary theatricals in Australia arc. In Sydney, tho Williamsons in Struck Oil at tho Theatre Royal, where they commenced operations again after nearly two years absence last Saturday, ... At tho Oriterion, Mr Fiank Thornton appeared again &b; tho Rev. Robert Spalding In Tho Pnvato Secretary, on the Haino day, with Mr 1L R. Hat-wood in his favorite part of tho irascible and liverish old uncle. .... Mr Georgo Rignold and Miss ICato Bishop aro meeting with success as Havohl and Gladys Wyneot in tlio Rajah, or, The Colliers' Strike, which is spoken of by tho tfifdncy Morn iny Herald as "a brilllnnt suc cess,' n play of honest intentions, nnd has in it agcoddval of humanity ond warm humor," whilst another paper calls it "a well written, simply contrived and diverting comedy. . . . . Tho Gaiety Theatre is underlined for 1st December, for tho first appoarunco in Australia of Miss Dura Wiloy, tho American prima donun. . At Adelaide, Bland Holt is inviting a strictly limited audienco which is to consist of "all clorgymon, all mbBionnrics, all who havo hceu iu prison, all who think. thoy niav possibly have to visit one, all prison warders, all clergymen's wives, all clergymen's daughters, and everyone who hax' been to Madagascar, ' tn witnres the first production in Australia ot Georgo R. Himii and Wilson Barrett'a latest play of Tlio Golden Ladder. Mr II. W. Douglas is playing tho Rov, Frank Thorohill, Mr Bland Hnlt is tho Samuel Peokaby, Mrs Blnnd Holt plays Bassaiuazy nnd Mrs Dixon, Miss Blanche Lowie is tho heroine, Lillian Grant, and Mrs Walter Hill is Mrs Pcckahy, tho other chief characters being played by Messrs Augustus Glover nnd Charles Hollo- way. It was produced on (ho 10th inst, nnd is said to hnvo "created a very favorable im pression." I suppose this is one of tho plnya Mr Holt will produco during bis season at tlio Theatre Royal in Melbourne next year. At Brisbane, Mr Georgo U. Milu concludes Ills season, on 1st December, with Richelieu and A Fool's Rcvengo, at Her Majesty's Opera Homo ; and at tho Gaiety Theatre, D'-Arcy Stanficld'H Burlesque Company nro playing II. R. Duff's operatic burlesquo of Littlo Monte Chrlsto. Mr Harry St. Mknr and Co. are still at tho Hobart Theatre Royal, and wero playing lasb wcok tho version of tho everlasting Barnes of New York, 'by Charles Bradley, which was played at tho Melbourne Tbcatro Royal last season by tho Majeronis. In spito of tho railings of Air Georgo Mooro against Mummer- Worship in Tho Universal Review, a reply to which article, by-thc-byo, wo &liall; shortly hnvo from Mr Henry Irving, who is, perhaps, tho most worshipped mummer on tho contemporary stage, people tntco a vast interest in tho private, as wall us tlio public, affairs of actors, and if any proof of tin's wero needed ft glance ab tlio publisher's lists of tho prcsontscason would bo sufliciont. A largo salo has already been secured by the Bancroft's ro- ininiscenccs, by George Grossmith's amusing little book about himself as a Socioty CIoatx ; nnd Comey Grain's reminiscences havo created some impression. Now wo have Sims Reaves telling' tho ' story of his life and malting a good start with a 'Chapter' I, ohronicling no less than four murders; tho popular J. L. Toole, who Is generally Accepted as England's first comedian, la shortly to publish his recollections (already printed in tho newspapers), in a vohtina illustrated by n largo number of portraits by Alfred Bryan, tho caricaturist and W, II. Margaretfon ; aud tlio veteran aotor-author, John Coleman, is writing about actors ho has known, beginning with Charles Kean, aud ending with Adelaide Ncilson. Tho other night I looked tn upon Mr John Brunton as ho waspaiutingaway at tho scenery for tlio forthcoming pantomime of Sinbad, the Sailor, at tho Royal, and found him hard at work on ft beautiful drop scone representing a view from tho 'Oriental city, with mosques and minarets. Ho lias completed many a charm ing picture' of fairies in leafy arbours, and cheeky gnomes sitting on toad-stoolR,and I can promise a lovely transformation which will bo a dreaui of beauty. 