A TALE OF TIIliEE IJONS. Br B. EIDER HAGGARD. J Most of you will have heard of Allan Qua termain, who was one of the party that dis covered King Solomon's mines some little time ago, and who afterward eame to lire iu England near his friend. Sir Henry Curtis. He has gone back to the wilderness now, as these old hunters almost invariably do, ou one pretext or another. They cannot endure civilization for very long, its noise and racket and the omnipresence of broadelothed hu manity proving more trying to tlieir nerves than the dangers of the desert. X think that they feel lonely here, for it is a fact that is too little understood, though it lias often been stated, that there is 110 loneliness like the loneliness of crowds, especially to those who are unaccustomed to them. 'What is there in the world,' old Quater maiu would say, 'so desolate as to stand in the streets of a great cit y and listen to the footsteps falling, falling, multitudinous as the nun, aud watch the white line of faces as they hurry past, you know not whence, you know hot whither. ' They come and go, their eyes meet yours with a cold stare, for a moment their features are written on your mind, and then they are gone forever. You will never see them again, they will never see you again: they come up out of the un known, and presently they once more van ish into the unknown, their secrets with them. Yes, that is loneliness pure aud nndefiled; but to one who knows and loves it, tbe wilderness is not lonely, because the spirit of nature is ever there to keep the wanderer company. -He finds companions in the winds— the sunny streams babble like nature's children at his feet; high above him, in the purple sunset, are domes and minarets and palaces such as no mortal man hathb'oift,'inand out of whose flaming doors the glorious angels of the sun seem to move continually. And there, too, is the wild game following its feeding grounds in great armies, with the springbok throv.-n out be fore for skirmishers, then rank upon rank of longfaccdblesbuck marching and wheeling like infantry, and last, the shining troops of quaggaiuid ihe fierce eyed, shaggy vilder beeste to take the place of the Cossack host that hangs upon an army's flanks. 'Oh, no,' he would saj-, 'the wilderness is not lonely, for, my boy, remember that the further you get from man the nearer you grow to God,' and, though this is a saying chat might well be diluted, it is oue I am sure that anybody will easily understand who has watched the sun rise and set ou the limitless, deserted plains, and seen the thun der chariots of the clouds roll in majestj across the depths ,of unfathomable sky. Well, at any ralte he went back again, and now for many months I have heard nothing at ali of him, and, to be frank, I greatly doubt if anybody will ever hear of him again [ fear that the wilderness that has for so many years been a mother to him will now also prove his grave and the grave of those who accompanied him, for the quest upon which he and they started is a wild one in deed. But while ho was iu England for those years -jr so between his return from the suc cessful discovery of the wise king's buriec treasures and the death of his only son, I saw a great deal of old A linn Quatermain. I had known him years before in Africa, and after he came home, whenever I had nothing bet ter to do, I used to run up to Yorkshire aud sta y with him, and in this way I at one time and another heard many of the incidents oi his past life, and most cxrious some of them were. So one can pass all those years following thorough existence of an elephant hunter without meeting with many strange adven ture.-. and one- way and another old Quater main has certainly seen his share. Well, the story that I am going to tell you is one of tie later . of these ad ventures, though I forget the exact year which it fcappened. At any rate I know that it was 'ih - only one of his trips upon which he took his sou Harry (who is since dead) with him, and that Harry was then about 14. And now for the story, which I will repeat as nearly as I can in the words in which Hunter Quafccrmnia told it to me one night in the old- oak paneled vestibule of his house in Yorkshire. We were talking about gold mining. - -? - 'Gold mining'.' he broke im- 'Ah, yes-, 1 once went gold mining at Pilgrim's Rest in the Tiansvaal, and it was before that that we had business about Jim-Jim and the lions. Doyouknowit; Well it is— or was— one of the queerest little places you ever saw. The town itself was pitched i:i a stony valley, with mountains all about it, and in the mid dle 'f such scenery as oue does not often get the chance of seeing. Many «'d many is the tim-» that I have thrown down my pick and [ shovel in -3isgust, clambered out of my claim and walked a couple of miles or so to the top of some hill. Then I would lie down in the grass and look out over the glorious stretch of country — the smiling valleys, the great mountains touched with gold— lieal gold of the sunset, and clothed in sweeping robes of bush, and stare into the depths of the perfect sky above; yes, and thank heaven I had got away from the cursing and tbe coarse jokes of the miners and the voices of those Basutu Kafirs as they toiled in the sun, the memory of which is with me yet Well, for some months I dug patiently at my claim till the very sight of a pick or of a washing trough became hateful to me. A hundred times a day ! lamented my own folly in having in vested £803, which was about all that I was worth at the time, in this gold mining. But, 1il,-e other better people before me, I had been bitten by the gold bug, and now had to take the consequences. X had bought a claim out of which a man had made a fortune — £5,000 r or £0,000 at' least— as I thought, very cheap; that is, I had given him £500 down for it. It was all that I had made by a rough year's elephant hunting beyond the Zam besi, and I sighed deeply and propheti cally when I saw my successful friend, who was a Yankee, sweep up the roll of Standard bank notes with the lordly air of the man who made bis fortune and cram them into his breeches pockets. 'Well,' I said to him — the happy vendor — 'it is a magnificent prop erty, and I only hope that my luck will be as good as yours has been.' He smiled; to my excited nerves it seemed that he smiled om inously, as he answered me in a peculiar Yankee drawl: 'I guess, stranger, as I aiut tbe one to make a man quarrel with his food, mora especial when there ain't no more go ing of the rounds; and as for that there claim, well, she's been a good nigger to me; but between you and me, stranger, speaking man to man, now that there ain't any filthy lucer between us to obsculate the feathers of theiruth, 1 guess she's about worked out!' 'X gasped; the fellow's effrontery took my breath out of me. Only five minutes before he liad been swearing by all his gods— and they appeared to be numerous and mixed— that there were half a dozen fortunes left in the claim, and that he was only giving it up bee-use he was downright weary of shovel ing tbe gold out. | ' 'Don't look so vexed, stranger,' went on ' my tormentor, 'perhaps there is some shine ; in the old^irl yet; any way you are a down- ; right- good fellow, you are; therefore you ! wiii, I guess, have a real Al, old jam, plate glass opportunity of working on the feelings | of Fortune. Any way it will bring the muscle up on your arm, for the stuff is un common stiff, and what is more, you will in j the course of a year earn a sight more than ; $2,000 in value of experience.' 'And he went just in time, for in another ' minute I should have gone for him, and I saw his face.no more. 'Well, I set to work on the old claim with my boy Harry and Imlf a dozen Kafirs to help me, whicii, seeing that I had put nearly all my worldly wealth into it, was the least I could do. Anil we worked, my word we did work— early and late we went at it— but never a bit of gold did we see ; no, not even a nugget large enough to make a scarf pin out of. The American gentleman had se cured it all and left us the sweepings. 'For three months this went on, till at last I paid away all, or very near all, that Vas left of our little capital in wages and food for the Kafirs and ourselves. When I tell you that Boer meal was sometimes as high as £i a bag, you will understand that it did not take long to run through our bank ing aecount. 'At last the crisis came. On Saturday night I had paid the mpn as usual, and bought amuid of mealie meal at 00s. for them to fill themselves with, and then I went with my boy Harry and sat on the edge of the great hole that we had dug in the hill side, and which we had in bitter mockery named Eldorado. There we sat in the moon light with our feet hanging over the edge of the claim, ana were melancholy enough for anything. Presently I pulled out my purse and emptied its contents into my hand. There was a lialf sovereign, two florins, nine pence in silver, no coppers — for copper prac tically does not circulate in South Africa, which is.one of the thincs that make living so dear there — iu all exactly fourteen Ma iiinepence. ' 'There, Hurry my boj-!' I said, 'that is the sum total of our worldly wealth; that hole has swallowed all the rest.' ' 'By George.' said Master Harry, 'I say, father, you and 1 shall have to let ourselves out to work with the Kafirs and live ou mealie pap,' and he sniggered at his unpleas ant little joke. 'But I was in uo mood for jokng, for it is not a merry thing to dig like anything for months and be completely ruined in the pro cess, especially if you happen to disiilre dig ging, aud consequently I resented Harry's lightheartedness. ''Be quiet, boy!' I said, raising my hand as though to give hiui a cuff, with the result that the half sovereign slipped out of it and fell into the gulf below. ' 'Oh, bother,' said I, 'it's goue.' ' 'There, dad,' said Harry, 'that's what comes of letting your angry passions rise; now we are down to four and nine.' 'I made no answer to these words of wis dom, but scrambled down the deep sides of the claim, followed by Harry, to hunt for my little all. Well, we hunted and we hunt ed, but the moonlight is an uncertain thing to look for half sovereigns by, and there was some loose soil about it, for the Kafirs had knocked off working at the very spot a couple of hours before. I took a pick and raked away the clods of earth with it, iu the hope of finding the coin, but all ill vain. At last, in sheer annoyance, I struck the sharp pickax down into the soil, which was oC a very hard nature. To my astonishment it sunk in right up to the heft. ''Why, Harry,' I said, 'this ground must have been disturbed!' ' 'I don't think so, father,' he answered, 'but we will soon see,' and he began to shovel out the soil with his hands. *Oh!' he said presently, 'it's only some old stoues; the pick has goue down between them. Lookl' And he began to pull at one of the stones. ' 'I say, dad,' he said presently, almost in a whisper, 'it's precious heavy; feel it;' and he rose and gave me a round, brownish lump about the size of a very large apple, which ne was holding in both his hands. X took it curiously and held it up to the light. It was very heavy. The moonlight fell upon its rough and filth encrusted surface, and as 1 looked curious little thrills of excitement began to pass through me. But I could not be sure. ' 'Give me your knife, Harry,' I said. 'He did so; and resting the brown stone on my knee I scratched at its surface. Great heavens, it was soft! 'Another second and the secret was out; we had found a great nugget of pure gold, four pounds of it or more. 'It's gold, lad,' I said, 'it's gold, lad, or I'm a Dutchman.' 'Harry, with his eyes starting out of his head, glared down at the long gleaming yel low scratch that I had made upon the virgin metal, and then burst out into yell upon yell of exultation, that went ringing away across the silent claims like the shrieks of somebody being murdered. ' 'Be quiet,' I said, 'do you want every thief on the field after you? 'Scarcely were the words out of my mouth when I heard a stealthy footstep approach ing. I promptly put the big nugget down and sat on it, and uncommonly hard it was, and as I did so I saw a lean, dark face poked over the edge of the claim and a pair of beady eyes searching us out. I knew the face. It belonged to a man of very bad char acter known as Handspike Tom, who had, I understood, been so named at the diamond fields because he had murdered his mate with a handspike He was now, no doubt, prowl ing about like a human hyena to see what he could steal. ' 'Is that you, 'unter Quatermain? he said. ' 'Yes, it's I, Mr. Tom,' I answered po litely. ' 'And what might all that there yelling be? he asked. 'I was walking along, atak ing of the evening air and a -t hinking on the stars, when I 'ears 'owl after 'owl.' ' 'Weil. Mr. Tom,' I answered, 'that is not to be wondered at, seeing that, like yourself, they are nocturnal birds.' ''Owl after 'owl!' he repeated sternly, taking no notice of my interpretation, 'and I stops and says, 'That's murder,' and I listens again and thinks, '^o, it ain't; that 'owl is the 'owl of hexultation; some one's bean and got his fingers into a gummy yeller pot, I'll swear, and gone off 'is 'ead in the sucking o^hern.' Sow, 'unter Quatermain, is I iflsts Is it nuggets: Oh, lor!' and ho smacked his lips audibly — 'great big yellow boys— is it them that you have just been and tumbled across? So,' said I boldly, 'it isn't'— the cruel gleam in his black eyes altogether overcom ing my aversion to the untruth, for I knew that if he once found out what it was that I was sitting on— and, by the way, I have heard of rolling in gold being spoken of as a pleasant process, but I certainly do not rec ommend anybody who values comfort to try sitting on it — I should run a very good chance of being 'handspiked' before the night was over. ' 'If you want to know what it was, Mr. Tom,1 1 went on, with politest air, although in agony from the nugget underneath— for I hold it always best to be polite to a man who is so ready with a handspike — 'my boy and I have had a slight difference of opinion, and I was enforcing my view of the matter upon him; that was all' ' 'Yes, Mr. Tom,' put in Harry, beginning to weep, for Harry was a smart boy, and saw the difficulty we were in, 'that was it — I hal loed because father beat me' ' 'Well, now, did yer, my dear boy; did yer? Well, all I can say is that a played out old claim is a wonderfully queer sort of place to come to for to argify at 10 o'clock of night, and what's more, my sweet youth, if ever I should 'ave the argifying of yer'— aud he leered unpleasantly at Harry — 'yer won't 'oiler in such a jolly sort o' way. And now I'll be saying good night, for I don't like dis turbing of a family party. No, I ain't that sort of a mnn, I ain't.. Good night to yer, 'unter Quatermain; good night to yer, my argified young one,' and Mr. Tom turned away disappointed, and prowled off else where, like a human jackal, to see what he conld thieve or kill. ' 'Thank goodnessl' I said, as I slipped off the lump of gold. 'Now, then, do you get up, Harry, and see if that consummate vil lain has gone.' Harry did so, and reported tlint. he I'ftd vanished toward Pilgrims' Rest, and then we set to work, and very carefully, but trembling with excitement, with our hands hollowed out all the space of grouud into which Ihad struck the pick. Yes, as 1 had hoped, there was a regular nest of nug gets, twelve in all, running from the size of a hazelnut to that of a hen's egg, though of course the first one was much larger than that. How they all came there nobody can say; it was one of those extraordinary freaks, with stories of which, at any rate, all people acquainted with alluvial gold mining will be familiar. It turned out afterward that the American who had sold me the claim had in the same way made 1'is pile — a much larger one than ours, by the way — out of a single pocket, and then worked for six months without seeing color, after which he gave it up. 'At any rate, there the nuggets were, to the value, as it turned out afterward, of about £1,250, so that after all I took out of that hole £450 more than I put into it. We got them all out and wrapped them up in a handkerchief, and then fearing to carry home so much treasure, especially as we knew that Handspike Tom was on the prowl, made up our minds to pass the night where we were — a necessity which, disagreeable as it was, was wonderfully sweetened by the presence of that handkerchief full of virgin gold, which represented the interest of my lost half sovereign. 'Slowly the night wore away, for with the fear of Handspike Tom before my eyes I did not dare to go to sleep, and at last the dawn came blushing down the somber ways of night. I got up and watched its perfect growth, till it opened like a vast celestial flower upon the eastern sky, and the sun beams began to spring in splendor from mountain top to mountain top. I watched it, and as I did so it flashed upon me, with a complete conviction that I liad not felt be fore, that I had had enough gold mining to last me tbe rest of my natural life, and I then and there made up my mind to clear out of Pilgrims' Best and go and shoot buf falo toward Delagoa bay. Then I turned, took the pick and shovel, and, although it was a Sunday morning, woke up Harry and set to work to see if there were any more nuggets about As I expected, there was none. What we bad got had lain together in a little pocket filled with soil that felt quite different from the stiff stuff round and outside the pocket. There was not another trace of gold. Of course, it is possi ble that there were more pockets somewhere about, but all I have to say is I made up my mind that, whoever found them, Ishould not: and, as a matter of fact, I have since heard that that claim has been the ruin of two oi three people, as it very nearly was the rain ; of ma ' 'Harry,' I said presently, 'I am going sway this v.' j.ylagoa to shoot bur falo. Shall i take \ ou with me or seud you ^ down to Durban*' : ' 'Oh, ta!;e me with you, father,' begged ' ^ Harry, '1 want to kill ;i buffalo.' j t: i ' 'And siij,;io.-:iiig that the buffalo kills you ^ instead?' I asked. ^ ?' '-jh, never mind,' he sairt, gayly, 'there ^ or.- lots ii;oiv where I came from.' : '?i rebuked for Lj liippaucy, but in : ^ the end I consented to take hjni.'' | ^ CHAPTER IL j ' i '.Something over a fortnight had passed I sines the ni-ht when 1 lost lialf a sovereign \ {j auu found in looking lor it, and in- ! ^ sieaii of 1 hat horrid hole, for which, alter all, ! y K1 Llorailo was scarcely a misnomer, a very E diircront scene stretched away he JO re us clad £ iu l!;e silver l'olie o£ the moonlight. We were oamyed— Harry aud I, two Kafirs, a Scotch \--art and six oxen — on Uie sweiiing side of a v great wave of bush clad land. Just where ? we made our camp, however, the bush was very sparse and oalv grew about in clumps, ^ while here nnd there were single flat topped a mimosa trees. To our right a little stream, K which had cut a deep channel for itself in the j i bosom of the slojx.1, flowed musically ou be- ^ ? tv.-^en banks green w::h maidenliair, wild a oars as and many beautiful grasses. The A bed rock here was red granite, and in the course of centuries of patient washing the Ji water had hollowed out some of the huge T I slabs i:i its path into great troughs and cups, e ' and these we used for bathing places. iNo Unman lady, with her baths of porphyry or f alabaster, could have liad a more delicious j, spot to lave herself than we liad within fifty jj raids of our skerm or rough inclosure of ^ i mimosa thorn that we had dragged together j : round our cart to protect us from the attacks j, of lions. There were several of these about, j, as I knew from then' spoor, though we had J neither heard nor seen them. s j 'It was a little nook where the eddy of the j stream had washed away a mass of soil, and f 1 on the edge of it there grew a most beautiful ; old mimosa thorn. Beneath the thom was a j large smooth slab of granite fringed all j. j round with maidenhair and other ferns, that r j sloped gently down to a pool of the clearest j. sparkling water, which lay in a bowl of a granite about ten feet wide by five feet deep in the center. Here to this slab we went every morning to bathe, and that delightful e bath is among the most pleasant of my hunt- ® ing reminiscences, as it is also for reasons that will presently appeal' among the most f' painful 'It was a lovely night and Harry and I a sat there to the windward of the fire, at ® which the two Kafirs were busily employed in cooking some impala steaks off a buck which Harry, to his great joy, had shot that 0 morning, and were as perfectly contented j1 with ourselves and the world at large as two people could possibly be. The night was beau- ^ tiful; it would require somebody with more 11 words on the tip of their tongue than I have ^ to properly describe the chastened majesty of those moonlit wilds. Away forever and for- r ever, away to the mysterious north, rolled the 0 great bush ocean over which the silence brooded. There beneath us, a mile or more ? to the right, ran the wide Oliphant and V mirror like flashed back the moon, whose '' silver spears were shivered on its breast aud then tossed iu twisted lines of light far and wide about the mountains and the plain. | Down upon the river banks grew great tim ber trees that, through the stillness, pointed solemnly to heaven, and the beauty of the night lay upon them like a cloud. Every- c where was silence — silence in the starred 0 depths, silence on the fair bosom of the sleep- ® ing earth. Now, if ever, great thoughts j; m -/st rise in a man's mind, and for a space *? he might loose his littleness in the sense that ' he partook of the pure immensity about him. I Almost might he seem, to see the spirit of the heavens, girdled round with stars, passing down in the dead quiet to look, now that the * liiglit had covered up her sius, upon the sleep ing face of his lost bride, the earth. Almost a € might he hear the echoes of angelij voices, as li the spirits poised on bent and rushing pinions a swept onward from universe to universe; 1 and distinguish the white fingers of the wind 3 playing in the tresses of the trees. f 'Hark! what was thatf ' 'From far away down by the river there '3 conies a mighty rolling 'ajund, then another * and another. It is the lion seeking his meat, i ''I saw Hairy shiver and turn a little pale, c He 'was a plucky boy enough, but the roar of f a lion for the first time in the solemn bush t veldt at night is apt to shake the nerves of t any lad. ' ' 'Lions, my boy,' I said; 'they are hunt- 1 ing down by the river there; but I don't i think that you need make yourself uneasy, t We have been here three nights now and if £ they were going to pay us a visit I should E thus; that they would have done so before 1 this. However, we will make up the fire.' ? ''Here, Pharaoh, do you and Jim--Jim get some more wood before we go to sleep, else £ tbe cats will be purring round before morn- J ing.' I 'Pharaoh, a great brawny Swazi, who i bad been working for me at Pilgrim's Rest, laughed, rose stretched himself, and i then calling to Jim-Jim to bring the ax i and a reim, started off in the moonlight t toward a clump of sugar bush, where we cut 1 our fuel from some dead trees. He was a - fine fellow in his way, was Pharaoh, and 1 think that he had been named Pharaoh be- 3 cause he had an Egyptian cast of co un ten- - ancc and a royal sort of swagger about him. i But his way was a somewhat peculiar w-ay, i on account of the uncertainty of his temper, 1 and very few people could get on with him; i also, if ho could get it, he would drink like ] a fish, and when he drank he became shock- s ingiy bloodthirsty. These were his bad ' points; his good ones were that, like most i people of the Zulu blood, he became exceed- i ingiy attached to one if ho took to you at all ; he was a hard working and intelligent man, ; and about as dare devil and plucky a fellow at a pinch as I have ever had to do with. Ho was about five and thirty years of age or so, but not a 'keslila' or ringed man. I be lieve that he got into trouble in some way in - Swaziland, and the authorities of bis tribe would not allow him to assume the ring, and that is why he came to work at the gold fields. The other man, orrather lad, Jim-Jim, was a Mapocli Kafir, or Knobnose, and even iu the light of subsequent events I fear that I cannot speak very well of him. He was an idle and careless young rascal, and only that very morning I had to tell Pharaoh to give him a beatiug for letting the oxen stra3r, which he did with the greatest gusto, al though he was, by the way, very fond of J im-Jim. Indeed, I saw him consoling Jim Jim afterwards with a pinch of snuff from his own Kir box whilst he explained to liim that the next time it came in the way of duty to fiog him he meant to thrash him with the other hand, so as to cross the old cuts and make 'a pretty pattern cu his back.' 'Well, off they went, though Jim-Jim did not at ai! like leaving the camp at that hour, even when the moonlight was so bright, and iu duo course returned safely enough with a great bundle of wood. I laughed at J nil-J im and asked him if he had seen anything, and he so. id yes, he had; he had seen' two large, yellow eyes staring at him from behind a bush and heard something snore. 'As, however, on further investigation, the yellow eyes ami the snore appeared to hare existed only in Jim-Jim's lively imagination, I was not greatly disturbed by this alarming report, but, having seen to the making up o£ the fire, got into the skerm and went quietly to sleep with 1 inrrv by my side. 'Some hours afterwards I woke tip with a start. I don't know what woke me. The moon had gone down, or at least was almost hidden behind the soft horizon of bush, only her red rim being visible. Also a wind had sprung up and was driving long hurrying lines of cloud across the starry sky, and alto 1 gether a great change had come over the mood of the night. By the look of the sky I judged we must be about two hours from daybreak. ' 'The oxen, which were as usual tied to the iissclboom of the Scotch cart, were restless — they kept snulUng and blowing and rising up aud lying down again, so I at ouce sus spected that they must wind something. Presently I knew what it was that they winded, for within fifty yards of us a lion 1 roared, not very loud, but quite loud enough to make my heart come into my mouth. ' 'Pharaoh was sleeping on the other side of the cart, and beneath it I saw him raise his ; liead aud listen. ' ' 'Lion, Inkoos,' ho whispered, 'lion.' 'Jim Jim also jumped up, and by the faint ' light I could see that he was in a very great | fright indeed. ' 'Thinking that it was as well to be pre ' pared for emergencies, I told Pharaoh to ; throw wood upon the fire, and woke up ' Harry, who I verily believe was capable of sleeping happily through the crack of doom. J He was a little scared at first, but presently the excitement of the position came home to j him, and he became quite anxious to see his majesty face to face. I got my rifle handy and gave Harry bis — a Westly Richards fall- 1 1 ! ing block, which is a very useful gun for a , , youth, being light and yet a good killing ' ' rifle — and then we waited. ''For a long time nothing happened, and I egan to think that tiio best tin ing that we ould do would be to go to sleep again, when uddenly I heard a sound mora like a cough lian a roar within about twenty yards of the l;erm. We all looked out, but could see .othing; and then followed another period f suspense. It was very trying to the ierves, this waiting for an attack that might -e developed from any quarter, or might not j e developed at all; and though I was an old | land at this sort of business, I was anxious bout Harry, for it is wonderful how the iresence of anybody to whom one is attached innerves a man in moments of danger, and hat made me nervous. I know, although it fas now chilly enough, I could feel the per piratiou running down my nose, and in order 0 relieve the strain on my attention, em -loyed myself in watching a beetle which ap -eared to be attracted by the firelight, and .'as sitting before it thoughtfully rubbing his ntennaa against each other. 'Suddenly the beetle gave such a jump ! hat he nearly pitched headlong into the fire, nd so did we all — gave jumps, I mean, and 10 wonder, for from right under the skerm i ence there came a most frightful near — a ! oar that literally made the Scotch cart , hake aud shake ajid took the breath out f me. '?Harry made an exclamation, Jim-Jim ; towled outright, while the poor oxen, who i -ere terrified almost out of their hides, shiv red and lowed piteously. 'The night was almost entirely dark now, or the moon had quite set and the clouds lad covered up the stars, so that the only ight that we had came from the fire, which iy this time was burning up brightly again, lut, as you know, firelight is absolutely use iss to shoot by, it is so uncertain, and besides t penetrates but a very little way into the arkness, although if one is in the dark out ide one can see it from so far away. 'Presently the oxen, after standing still or a moment, suddenly winded the lion and id what I feared they would — began to skrek,' that is, to try aud break loose from he trektow to which they were tied, and ush off madfy into the wilderness. Lions now of this habit on the part of oxen, which re, I do believe, the most foolish animals un er the sun, a sheep being a very Solomon ompared to them, and it is by no means un omnion for a lion to get in such a position bat a herd or span of oxen may wind him, krek, break their reins and rush off into the ush. Of course, once they are there they re helpless in the dark; and then the lion hooses the one that he loves best and eats im at his leisure. 'Well, round and round went our six poor xen, nearly trampling us to death in their lad rush; indeed, had we not hastily tum iled out of the way we should have been rampled to death, or at the least seriously ajured. As it was, Harry was run over, nd poor Jim-Jim being caught by the trek ow somewhere beneath the arm, was hurled ight across the skerm, landing by my side uly some paces off. 'Snap went the disselboom of the cart be Leath the transverse strain putuponit. Had 1 not broken the cart would have overset; as t was, in another minute, oxen, cart, trek ow, reims, broken disselboom, and every hiug were soon tied in one vast heaving, iluuging, bellowing and seemingly inextrica ile knot. ''For a moment or t#ro this state of affairs ook my attention off from the lion that had .lused it, but while I was wondering what -n earth was to be done next, and what we hould do if the cattle broke loose into the rnsh and were lost, for cattle frightened in his manner will go right away like mad hings, it was suddenly recalled in a very laiul'u] fashion. 'For at that moment I perceived by the ight of the fire a kind of gleam of yellow raveling through the air toward us. ''The lion! the lion!' holloaed Pharaoh, ud as he did so he, or she, for it was a great, ;aunt lioness, half wild, no doubt, with luiiger, lit right in the middle of the skerm, ind stood there in the smoky gloom and ashed her tail and roared. I seized my rifle : ind fired it at her, but what between the eon- I usiou and my agitation and the uncertain ; ight, I missed her and nearly shot Pharaoh. I Flie flash of the rifle, however, threw the j vhole scene into strong relief, and a wild one t was, I can tell you— with the seething mass if oxen twisted all around the cart in such a ashion that their beads looked as though, ?hey were growing out of their rumps and heir horns seemed to protrude from their jacks; the smoking fire, with just a blaze iu he heart of the smoke; Jim-Jim in the fore ground, where the oxen had thrown him in heir wild rush, stretched out therein terror; md then, as a center to the picture, the ;reat, gaunt lioness glaring round with lungry, yellow ej-cs, roaring and whining as he made up her mind what to do. 'It did not take her long, however— just is long as it takes a flash to die into dark less— for before I could fire again or do any thing, with a most fiendish snort she sprang lpon poor Jim-Jim. 'I heard the unfortunate lad shriek, and hen almost instantly I saw his legs thrown nto the air. The lioness had seized him by he neck, and with a sudden jerk thrown his aody over her back so that his legs hung lowu at the further side. 'Then, without the slightest hesitation, ind apparently without any difficulty, she cleared the skeim fence at a single bound, ind, bearing poor Jim-Jim with her, vanished into the darkness beyond in the direction of the bathing place that I have already de scribed. We jumped up, perfectly mad with liorror and fear, and rushed after her, firing shots at haphazard, on the chance that she would be frightened by them into dropping lier prey, but nothing could we see and noth ing could we hear. The lioness had vanished into the darkness, taking Jim-Jim with her, and to attempt to follow her till daylight was madness. We should only expose ourselves to the risk of a like fate. 'So with scared and heavy hearts we crept back to the skerm and sat down to wait for daylight, which now could not be much more than an hour off. It was absolutely useless to try even to disentangle the oxen till then, so all that was left for us to do was to sit and wonder how it came to pass that one should be taken and the other left, and to hope against hope that our poor servant might have been mercifully delivered from the lion's jaws. At length the faint light came steal ing like a ghost up the long slope of bush and glinted on the tangled oxen's horns, and with frightened faces we got up and set to the task of disentangling the oxen till such time as there should be light enough to enable us to follow tlie trail of the lioness which had gone off with Jim-Jim. And here a fresh trouble awaited us, for when at last, with infinite difficult}', we had got the great helpless brutes loose, it was only to find that one of them was very sick. There was no mistake about the way he stood with his legs slightly apart and his head hanging down. He had got the redwater; I was sure of it. Of all the difficulties connected with life and traveling in South Africa those connected with oxen are perhaps the worst. The ox is the most exasperating unimal in the world, a negro excepted. He has absolutely no con stitution, and never neglects an opportunity of falling sick of some mysterious disease. He will get thin upon the slightest provoca tion, and from mere maliciousness die of 'poverty;' whereas it is his chief delight to turn round and refuse to pull whenever he finds himself well in the center of a river, or the wagon wheel nicely fast in a mud hole. Drive him a few miles over rough roads end you will find that he is footsore; turn him loose to feed and you will discover that he has run away, or if he has not run away he has of malice aforethought eaten 'tulip' and poisoned himself. There is always some thing wrong with him. The ox is a brute. It was of a piece with liis accustomed be havior for the one in question to break out — ou purpose, probably— with redwater just when a lion had walked off with his herder. It was exactly what I should have expected, and I was therefore neither disappointed nor surprised. 'Well, it was no use crying, as I should almost have liked to dc, because if this ox had redwater it was probable that the rest of them had it too, although they had been sold to me as 'salted,' that is, proof against such diseases as redwater and lung sick. One gets hardened to this sort of thing in South Africa in course of time, for I sup pose in no other country in the world is the waste of animal life so great. 'Se, taking my rifle atid telling Harry to follow me {for we had to leave Pharaoh to look after the oxen — Pharaoh's Iwn kine I called them), I started to see if anything could be found of or appertaining to the un fortunate Jim-Jim. The ground round our little camp was hard and rocky, and we could not hit off any spoor of the lioness, though just outside the skerm we saw a drop or two of blood. About 300 yards from the camp, and a little to the right, was a patch oi sugar bush, mixed with the n^ial mimosa, and for ttys I made, thinking that the lioness would have been sure to take her prey there to devour it. On we pushed through the longjn-ass, that was bent down beneath the weight oFtlie soaEinj -1-t. In two minutes ft we were wet through up to our thighs, as u wet as though we had waded through water, d In due course, however, we reached the t patch of bush, and i'i the gray light of the ; ii morning cautiously and slowly pushed our ' way into it. It wrs -^irydark under the h trees, for the sun was not. yet up, so we walk- j ed with the most extreme care, half expect- ' u ing every minute to ca-ne across the lioness j n licking the bones of poor Jim-Jim. But no 1 1 lioness conld we see, and as for Jim-Jim, : ^ there was not even a finger joint of him to j _ be found. Evidently they had not come here. ® 'So pushing through the bush we proceeded ' j. to hunt every other likely spot about, with , the same result. ' 'I suppose she must have taken him right ? away,1 1 said at last, sadly enough. 'At any , rate, he will be dead by now, so God have . mercy on him, we can't help him. What's to be done now? ' ' 'I suppose that we had better wash our selves in the pool and then go back and got something to eat. I am filthy,' said Harry. 'This was a practical, if a somewhat un- ° feeling, suggestion. At least it struck mo as unfeeling to talk of washing when poor Jim- E Jim had been so recently eaten. However, I ] did not let my sentiment carry me away, so . we went down to the beautiful spot that I ^ have described, to wash. I was the first to ' reach it, which I did by scrambling down the 1 ferny bank. Then I turned round and started ® back with a yell, as well I might, for from almost beneath my feet there came a most c awful snarl. ' 'I had lit down almost upon the back of . the lioness, who had been sleeping on the slab , where we stood to dry ourselves affcr bath ing. With a snarl and a growl, before I could ( do anything, before I could even cock my rifle, she had bounded right across the crystal pool and vanished over the opposite bauk. It was all doue in an instant, as quick ;is j thought. 'She had been sleeping on the slab, and oh, horror 1 what was that sleeping beside ' her? It was the red remains of poor Jim Jim, lying on a patch of blood stained rock, j ''Oh! father, father!' shrieked Harry, j look in the water.' 'I looked. There, floating in the center ' of the lovely, tranquil pool, was Jim-Jin: V head. The lioness had bitten it right o£', end it had rolled down the sloping rock into the water. CHAPTER m. 'Poor Jim-Jim I We buried what was lefi of him, which was not very much, in an ole bread bag, and though whilst he lived h; virtues were not great, now that he was gone we could have wept over him. Indeed, Harry did weep outright; while I registered a quie. little vow on my own account that I wouiu let daylight into that lioness before I was ; hours older, if by any means it could bedoiic. 'We buried him and there he lies wher the Hons will not trouble him any more. Si there is an end of the book of Jim- Jim. 'The question that now remained was hoi-, to circumvent his murderess. I knew thr. she would be sure to return as soon as ii would be hungry again, but I did not Into-, when she would be hungry. She liad lei - little of Jim-Jim behind her that I s'iouI scarcely expect to see her the next r:h:k'. unless indeed she had cubs. Still, I ici. that it would not be wise to miss th chance of her coming, so we set about mak ing preparations for her reception. The f-r. thing that we did was to strengthen the is:-: wall of the skerm by dragging a large quar. tityof the tops of thorn trees together layingthem one on the otherinsuch afashio: that the thorns pointed upwards. This. aft . our experience of the fate of Jim-Jim, seem', a very necessary precaution, since if whe: one sheep can jump another can follow, : the Kafirs say, how much more is this i! case where an animal so active and so vigo. ous as the lion is concerned! And now ca . s the further question, how were wo to beguh the lioness to return? Lions are animals tha have a strange knack of appearing when the; are not wanted, and keeping studiously oi: of the way when their presence is required. 'Harry, who, as I have said, was a j cn: nently practical boy, suggested to Pharac that he should go and sit outside the skerm i. the moonlight as a sort of bait, assuring h;r that he would have nothing to fear, as v. would certainly kill the lioness before s'.; killed him. Pharaoh, however, strau^ei. enough, did not seem to take to this suggestion. Indeed, he walked away, much put out with Harry for having made it 'It gave me an idea, however. ' 'Well,' I said, -there is that ox. He must diesooneror later, so we may ns well utiliz' him.' 'Now, about thirty yards to the left of (?.: skerm, if one stool facing down the hill t ward the river, was the stump of a tree i had been destroyed by lightning many yea before, standing equidistanUy between, 'o.. a little in front of, two clumps of bu which were severally some fifteen pace from it. 'Here was the very place to tie the oz ; air accordingly a little before sunset the po. «'''al was led forth by Pharaoh and :_,au. fast there, little kuowiug, poor brute, to what purpose; and we commenced our lo:i; vigil, this time without a fire, for our objec was to attract the lioness and not to sc-ar her, 'For hour after hour we waited, kec-iii:;; ourselves awake by pinching each other—: is, by the way, remarkable what a t; ih'eresa in the force of pinches requisite to the occa sion exists in the mind of pinchcr am. pinchee— but no lioness came. The moo: waxed and the moon waned, and then at la the moon went down, and darkness swal lowed up the world, but no liou came t swallow us up. We waited till dawn, bs-cau. we did notdiare tb go to sleep, and then n: last we took such rest ns we could get. 'That morning wo wcut out shooting, nr because we wanted to, for we were too ih pressed and tired , but because we had n moro meat. For three hours or more iv wandered about in a broiling sun Iv.okis for something to kill, but absolutely with n results. For some unknown reason tL game had grown very scarce about the c: o though when I was there two years i . s ? every sort of large game except i ):::s..\ r. and elephant was particularly ahnislss The lions, of whom there were many, remained, and I fancy it was the fact i f ; . game they live oil having temporarily : . grated that made them so daring and cious. As a general rule a liou is an a'!.,..' animal enough if he is let nlotie. 1 l ? hungry lion is almost as dangerous at ' hungry man. One hears a great nu:iy dif ferent opinions expressed as to whether i\ no the lion is remarkable for his eouraj but the result of my experience i:: that ve.-. much depends upon the state of hi ' slum-ch A hungry lion will not s'.e 1: at a trine whereas a full one will flee at a very sir. a. rebuke. 'Well, wo hmited all about and i:o..',ii a. could we see, not even a duck or a hush hue!; and at last, thoroughly tired a:;-: out of Sem per, we started on our way back to ens:; passing over the brow of a steepish hill to so. Just as we got over the ridge I froze u; like a pointer dog, for there, about I'nK.i yar.; to my left, liis beautiful curved horn; i-ui lined against the soft blue of the .sky, i : : a noble koodoo bull (st reps; ceros anon; . . s. . at that distance — for, as you know, my c; - are very keen — I could distinctly see th. v.hu stripes upon its side when the light iV.l upo it and its large and pointed earstwiich as : flies worried it. 'So far so good; but how were v. e to gv. at it? It was ridiculous to risk a shut at th- . great distance, and yet both ike ; r-.,nr and the wind lay very ill for stalking. It seemed to me that the only cliauce wo;:!., be to make a detour of at least a ,nik -- more and come up ou th,« other side oi' ; !. koodoo. I called llarry to my tide and . plained to him what I thought would be oar ; best course, when suddenly, without r.uy I delay, the koodoo saved us any further trouble by suddenly starting oil down the hill like a leaping rocket. I don't know what had frightened it; certainly we had not. i Perhaps a hyena or a leopard— a tiger cs we j call it there — had suddenly appeared: at any rate off it went, running slightly toward no ; ' and I never saw a buck go faster. Asfrr Harry, he stood watching the beautiful ani mal's course. Presently it vanished behind a patch of bush, to emerge a few seconds later 1 about 500 paces from us, on a stretch of com paratively level ground that was strewn with 1 bowlders. On it went, taking the bowlders in its path in a succession of great bounds j that were beautiful to behold. As it did so I \ happened to look round at Hairy, ana per ceived to my astonishment that he had got his rifle to his shoulder. ' ' 'You foolish boy!' I ejaculated, 'surely you are not going to' — and just at that mo ' ment the rifle went off. | 'And then I think I saw what was, in its way, one of the most wonderful things I ever ' remember in my hunting experience. The ' koodoo was at the moment in the air, cieanug ' a pile of stones with its fore l^s tucked up 1 - underneath it All in an instant tlie legs 1 stretched themselves out in. a spasmodic ashion, and it lit on them and they doubled [ .p beneath it. Down went the noble buck, i .own on to its head. For a moment it seemed I 0 be standing on its horns, its hind legs high i a the air, and then over it went and lay still, i ' 'Great heavens!' I said, 'why, you've hit t ami He's dead.' t 'As for Harry, he said nothing, but f uerely looked scared, as well he might. A ( nan, let alone a boy, might have fired a ( housand such shots without ever touching i he object, which, mind you, was springing 1 .nd bounding over rocks quite 500 yards j .way, and here this lad, taking a snap shot i nd merely allowing for elevation by in- - tinct, for he did not put up his sights, had j nocked the bull over as dead as a door nail ; Veil, I made no further remark — the occa- ( ion was too solemn for talking— but merely i ed the way to where the koodoo lay. There j le was, beautiful and quite still, and there, i ligh up, al wut half way down his neck, was , 1 neat, round hole. The bullet had severed lie spinal marrow, passing right through he vertebrae and away on the other side. 'It was already evening when, having cut s much of the best meat as we could carry rom the bull, and tied a Ted handkerchief md some tufts of grass to his spiral horns, vliich, by the way, must have been nearly ive feet in length, in the hope of keeping ackals and aasvogels (vultures) from him, ve finally got back to camp to find Pharaoh, ; vho was getting rather anxious at our ab ;e:ice, ready to greet us with the pleasing in- : elligenee that another ox was sick. But iven this dreadful bit of intelligence could ; lot dash Harry's spirits, the fact of the mat- : :er iieing that, incredible as it may appeal', j [ do verily believe that in his heart of hearts j le set down the death of that koodoo to the i ;redit of ltis own skill Now, though the lad ;vas a tidy shot enough, this of course was -idiculous, and I told him so veryplainly. 'By the time that we had finished our sup iier of koodoo steaks (which would have been letter if the koodoo had been a little younger) it was time to get ready for Jim-Jim's mur leress again. All the afternoon Pharaoh told us the unfortunate ox had been walking round and round in a circle as cattle in the last stages of redwater generally do. Now it bad come to a standstill, and was swaying to and fro with its head hanging down. So we tied him up to the stump of the tree as on the previous night, knowing that if the lioness did not kill him ho would be dead by morn ing. Indeed, I was afraid that he would 1::; of little use as a bait, for a lion is a sports manlike tmiinnl, and, unless he is very hun gry, generally prefers to kill his own dinner, though when once killed he will come back to it again and again. 'Then we repeated our experience of the previous night, sitting there hour after hour, till ut last Harry went fast asleep, and even I, though I am accustomed to this sort of thing, could scarcely keep my eyes open. Indeed, I was just dropping off, when Pha raoh gave 1110 a shove. ' 'Listen!' ho whispered, 'I was all awake in a second, and listening with all my ears. From the clump of bush U the right of the lightning shattered stump t which the ox was tied came a faint crackling noise. Presently it was repeated. Somethin; was moving there, faintly and quietly enough, but still moving perceptibly, for in the i:i tense stillness of the night any sound seemo,i loud. 'I woke up Harry, who instantly ss.it: 'Where is she? Where is she? and began : point his rifle about in a fashion that v;r. more dangerous to us and the oxen than t. any possible lioness. ' 'Hush up!' I whispered savagely; and as j did so with a low and hideous growl a Ikn: of yellow light sped outof theclump of bush, past the ox, and into the corresponding cltims upon tha other side. The poor sick brute gav a sort of groan, and staggered round and the., began to tremble. I could see it do so clear];, in tile moonlight, which was now very brigl: : . and I felt a brute for having exposed the u:i fortunate animal to such terror as he must undoubtedly be undergoing. The lioness, fo it was she, passed so quickly that we coul.'- not even distinguish her movements, muci. less shoot. Indeed at night it is absolute^, useless to attempt to shoot unless the object is very close and standing perfectly still, aud then the light is so deceptive and it is so diffi cult to see the foresight that the best sho; will viiss more often than he hits. ' 'She will be back again presently,' I saitl: 'iook out, but for heaven's sake don't fire un less f tell you to.' 'Hardly were the words out of my mouth when back she came and again passed the ox without striking him. ' 'What on earth is she doing?' whispered Hairy. ' 'Playing with it as a cat docs a mouse, I suppose. She will kiii it presently.' 'As I spoke the lioness once more flashed out of the bush, and this time sprang right over the doomed ox. It was an exciting sight to see her clcar him in the bright moon light, as though it were a trick that she had been taught. ' 'I believe that she escaped from a circus, whispered Hairy; 'it's jolly to see her jump.' 'I said nothing, but I thought to myself that if it was Master Harry did not quite ap preciate the performance, and small blame to him. At any rate, his teeth weie chatter ing a bit 'Then came a longish pause, and I began to tliink that she must have gone away, when suddenly she appeared again, and with one mighty bound landed right on tt the ox and struck it a frightful blow w ith her paw. 'Down it went, and lay on the ground. She put down her wicked looking head with a ficree growl of contentment. When slit lifted her muzzle again and stood facing ui obliquely, I whispered, 'Xow's our time, fii't when I do.' 'I got on to her as well os I could, bul Harry, instead of waiting for me as I told him, fired before I did, and that of coursl hurried me. When the smoke cleared, hew ever, I was delighted to see that the lionea was rolling about on the ground behini the body of the ox, which covered h^ ; in such a fashion, however, that we could ua j shoot again to make an end. of her. i ''She's done for! she's dead!' yelled j Pharaoh in exultation ; and at that very mo- i ment the lioness, with a sort of convidsive rush, half rolled, half sprang into the patch of thick bush to the right. I fired after her as she went, but so far as I could see without result. Indeed, the probability is that I missed her clean. At any rate, she got to thfc bush in safety, and once there, began to make such a diabolical noise as I never heard be fore. She would whine and shriek, then burst out into perfect volleys of roaring that shook the whole place. ' 'Well,' I said, 'we must just let her roar; to go into that bush after her at night would be madness.' 'At tliat moment, to my astonishment and alarm, there came au answering roar from the direction of the river and then another from behind the swell of bush. Evidently there were more lions about. The wounded lioness redoubled her efforts, with the object, I suppose, of summoning the others to her as sistance. At any rate they came, and quickly, too, for within five minutes, peeping through the bushes of our skerm fence, we saw a magnificent lion bounding along to ward us through the tall tamboulin grass that in -the moonlight looked for all the world lika ripening corn. On he came in great leaps, and a glorious sight it was to see hi 111. When within fifty yards or so he stood still in an open space and roared, and the lioness ; roared too, and then there came a third roar, and another great black maned lion stalked majestically up and joined No. 2, and really I began to realize what Jim-Jim must have undergone. ''Now, Harry,' I whispered, 'whatever you do, don't fire — it's too risky. If they let us be, let them be.' 'Well, the pair of them marched off to the bush, where the wounded lioness was now roaring double tides, and the whole three of them began to snarl and grumble away to gether there. Presently, however, the lion ess ceased roaring and t.lip two lions came out again, the black maned onefirst — to prospect, I suppose — and walked to where the carcass of the ox lay and sniffed at it. ' 'Oh, what a shotl' whispered Harry, who was trembling with excitement. ' 'Yes,' I said, 'but don't fire; they might all of them come for us.' 'Harry said nothing, but whether it was from the natural willfulness of youth, or be cause he was thrown off his balance by ex citement, or from sheer recklessness, I am j sure I cannot **-11 you, never having been i able to get a satisfactory explanation irom ? him; but at any rate the fact remains, he, ? without a word of warning, entirely disre i garding my exhortations, lifted up his West . ley Richards and fired at the black maned lion; and, what is more, hit it slightly on the f!nnlr, 'Next second there was a most awful roar from the injured brute. He glared around him and roared with pain, for he was sadly stung; and then, before I could make up my mind what to do, the great black maned - brute, evidently ignorant of the cause of his pain, spiang right at ttoat .of .his cmo lamon, to whom Tie evidently attributed his nisfortune. It was a curious sight to see the evident astonishment of the other lion at this nost unprovoked assault. Over he rolled vith an angry roar, and on to him sprang he black maned demon, and commenced 0 worry l''m This finally awoke ;he yellow maned lion to a sense )f the situation, and I am bound jo say that he rose to the occasion in a nost effective manner. Somehow or other ie got to his feet, and roaring and smarting [rightfully closed with his mighty foe. And clien ensued a scene that absolutely baffles lescription. You know what a shocking thing it is to see two large dogs fighting with ibandonment. Well, a whole hundred of Jogs could not have looked half so terrible as those two great brutes as they rolled and roared and rent in their rage. It was an awful and a wonderful thing to see the great cats tearing at each other with all the fierce energy of their savage strength, and making the night hideous with their heartshaking noise. And the fight was a grand one, too. For some minutes it was impossible to say which was getthig the best of it, but at last I saw that the black maaed lion, though he was slightly the bigger, was failing. I am inclined to think that the wound in his flanl crippled him. Anyway, he began to get the worst of it, which served him right, as he was the aggressor. Stall I could not help feeling sorry for him, for he had fought a gallant fight, when his antagonist finally got liim by the throat, and, struggle and strike out as he would, began to shake the life out of him Over and over they rolled together, an awe inspiring spoctacle, but the yellow boy would not loose his hold, and at length poor black mane grew faint, his breath came in great snores and seemed to rattle in his nostrils, then he opened his huge mouth, gave the ghost of a roar, quivered and was dead. 'When he was quite sure that the victory ' was his own, the yellow maned lion loosed his grip and sniffed at his fallen foe. Then i he licked the dead lion's eye, and next, with ; his fore feet resting on the carcass, sent up his own chant of victory, that went rolling : and pealing down the dark ways of the night in all the gathered majesty of sound. And at this point I interfered. Taking a careful sight at the center of his body, in order to give the largest possible margin for error, I fired, and sent a .570 express bullet right ' through him, and down he dropped dead - upon his mighty foe. t 'At that, fairly satisfied with our perform- ' anccs, we slept peaceably till dawn, leaving : Pharaoh to keep watch in case any more ' lions should take it into their heads to come ] our way. j 'When the sun was fairly up we arose, and j very cautiously proceeded— at least Pharaoh | and I did, for I would not allow Harry to j come— to see if we could see anything of the : wounded lioness. She had ceased roaring immediately on the arrival of the two lions, and had not made a sound since; from which ' we concluded that she was probably dead. 1 was armed with my express, and Pharaoh, ' in whose bands a rifle was indeed a danger- : ous weapon— to his companions— had an ax. . On our way we stopped to look at the two dead lions. They were magnificent animals, both of them, but their pelts were entirely I spoiled by the terrible mauling they had i given to each other, which was a sad pity. j 'Inanother minute we were following the j blood spoor of the wounded lioness into the . bush, where she had taken refuge. This, I . need hardly say, we did with the utmost caution; indeed, I for one, did not at all like i the job, aud was only consoled by the re- ' flection that it was necessary, and that the ? bush was not thick. Well, we stood there, j keeping as far from the trees as possible, : and poking and peering about, but no lioness ; could we see. '. ' 'She must have gone away somewhere to . die, Pharaoh,' I said in Zulu. ; ' 'Yes, Inkoos' (chief), he answered, 'she | has certainly gone away.' j 'Hardly were the words out of his mouth j when I heard a most awful roar, and look- I ing round saw the lioness emerge from the | very center of a bush just behind Pharaoh, I in which she had been curled up. Up she ] went on her hind legs, and as she did so * ' saw that one of her fore paws was broken, j Up she went, towering right over Pharaoh's ! head, as she did so lifting her uninjured paw to strike him down. And then, before I could get my rifle round to do anytljiuf to avert the coming catastrophe, the Zulu 1 did a very brave and clever thing. Realiz- 1 ing his own imminent danger, he bounded to one side, and then, swinging the heavy | ax round his head, brought it right down on her back, severing the vertebrae and killing her instantaneously. It was wonderful to see her collapse all in a heap like an empty sack. ' 'sly word, Pharaoh,' I said, 'that was well doue, and none too soon.' ' 'Yes,' ho answered, 'it was a good stroke, Inkoos. J im-J im will sleep better now. ' 'Then, calling Harry to us, we examined the lioness She was o!d, if one might judge from her worn teeth, and not very large, but thickly made, and must have possessed ex traordinary vitality to have lived so long, shot as sho was ; for, in addition to her broken shoulder, my express bullet had blown a great hole in her that one might have put one's fist into. 'Well, that is the story of the death of poor Jim-Jim and how we avenged it, and it is rather interesting in its way, because of the fight between the two lions, of which I never saw the like in all my experience, and I know something of lions and their ways.' 'And how did you get back to Pilgrims' Rest?' I asked Hunter Quatermain when he had finished his yarn. 'Ah, we had a nice job with that,' he an swered. 'The second ox died and so did an other, and we had to get on' as best we could with the three remaining ones harnessed uni corn fashion, while we pushed behind. We did about four miles a day, and it took as nearly a month, during the last week of which we pretty well starved.' 'I notice,' I said, 'that most of your trips ended ill disaster of some sort or another, and yet you weut ou making them, which strikes one as a little queer.' 'Yes, I dare say; but, then, remember I got my living for many years out of hunt ing. Besides, half the charm of the thing lay in tho dangers and disasters, though they were terrible enough at the time. Another thing is, they were not at all disastrous. Some time, if you like, I will tell you a story of one which was very much the reverse, for I made J£4,000 out of it, and saw one of tho most extraordinary sights a hunter ever clapped his eyes on; hut it's too late no v.-, and, besides, I'm tired of talking about my self. Good :iisht.' 