THE GREAT AMhIERSTWSTfRY. A TRXJE NARfeATiVE :|; OF; ; , ,! THE 8I3PBRJIATVKAL , j j?. , JBif Wil/ren WuBBgLL, r . ' ? STATE OF NEW YORK., ,, City ura*Ct>uhty of'Ne^ York. ; "WiLTltS Hi'tfBElA. being duly sworn, depo «es ond sdy*: that he is the sale onthbi tif "tiilfj bopk'f'TbeGtWt Arohern Mystery; t-Tru# tfolmliirerf the Supernatural," aiid'that his en perience.j as desfrittcd, .was u actual experience, and that deponent actuaVy ,s»w . and h,eatd the pfienont'enaaktoted; " . " : v i. WALTER ItCBMtt S<«Drti before roe Uiis 13th day of Febru&iy;, 1888\. 1 . A. AckeRMAN. Notary Public No. 5. New Yo rkCpuBJy. .' ' ;x.: ?v: THE night I held Esther's hands, and Celt the electric current, or what I .then supposed was an electric current, I, was Very much impressed with the disppyery / so, the next day, after 'having .had my sleep, of. typelve.hpurs, I envolved a fjry, ,-1, reasoned that this power ch'cam? from , her, .surrounded. her. form as an invisible vapour and_ per?; mailedihje cntire,Hp,use and,,,al|;in it, evjpn ojjr Drains,; jmiT. made! w> .imagine', wje and Heard .gl! rii& nianjel^;ith^t ojilyrisally existed lw,her distorted mind; b^when I after.wiuas re-eMmine^j the; legf/id on the wtJl^'and Wf , where the ffrgs h$ been, ana where tW walls pere! fjirp|cen, and hid t'afcen another IooK ,at iinbealed cuts and . bruisps on .her u, arm's and n'eck, I felt ^nviiicefJ that^.this t%ory wfijs .false, and-that I was: ateb'jmTstaken about the powerful c'urre.Pf flb$iig fimin. her' petson through; Jief; arppsipto me. It-, was, just the other njlir, for I .was no^.posjtivei'that theyital. nj^gjietism from ray person flowed into hei,;«*ndthat jfas whyl;grew wealj.: She it'w^s whp 1 was continually . losing. vital magnetism, nnAnature came, to the . as sistance qif.hei depleted power at piy, ex pense. This .fact is to me established, and^cprroborates.ray latest theory, which Is,^ follows 'I believe the true solution .of this great ? mystery tp'be,- lhaf .Bob. McNeal, who had evidently. intended to corpniit a nameless outrage tjpon.Esther when he endeavoured to'force her tO:get. out pf thp.'jbuggy ifi1. the grove,! was phatj is knbyjri) among students of Deraonolbgy as';an obessed pe^n^a. person whfise thpiigljts and actions are almost entirely goyprnedb) an evil ghost:' existing' in th^jaart of space where all |he ghosts of the deadstil}.exist in their'astrftT bodies, retaining there the sapie appearance and individuality they possessed while living on, the earth. This evil ghost, Bob Nickle, could approach Bob McNeal, be cause his (JktcNeal's) system generated and'threw ofTsufScierit vit^l magnetism to allow a ghast toicontrol its thoughts and of^'purse his action's.' This being the caseiit is,,plain to, me .that it was Bob Nickle, the ghost, who was really acting out ttie one desire of his devilish nature' through the organism of flip young mat), Bob M<lNeiili while in t^ie grove on the aft^tnoon pf ,th%'fatal ride ;., and that, through tjie tumble flight and yejtting she jjeceived, Estper suffered a "dertage-, mepVof her entire system, .whifh caused or allowed her vital magnetism to escape, and through this escapetnent she became a person subject. to the government of the .ghosts of the dead,: just as Bob McNeal was only more so, and It was thep that the evil ghost, who had bepn governing hiip in an imperfect manner, left ;him ,aod gave his whole attention to th^unfort'|inate Esther Cox, with; what wonderful results this book of mine" re-; cordis. The fact that Bob McNeal ; bp cam^ .little more than noiientity ;after Bob .Nickle, the ghost commenced to der^pnize Esther, is a strong point in favour of my hypothesis. . Bob McNeal left .Amherst, and was still living £n 1879; I have already stated that he iwas a shoemaker, The gho^tj Bob Nickle, daimed to have been a. shoemaker, ;and would, at the request of Daniel Teed, go through all the ciounds of ..making a shoe just as perfectly, Daniel informed me, as if an invisible shoemaker 'was at work in the room.. I heard the sounds, but not being a judge of their naturalness simply accepted theword of honest Daniel as to that fact. Bob Nickle, the ghost informed me, after much qnestioning, that the reason he and the other ghosts did not move objects and knock whileJ had Esther on the stage, was, that shAKfcd stage-fright, which made her lose tMSygdwer through which he and the othegPji^duced all they did in our earthly tafliv of exis tence. On a subject so vafy-vague an^ irn | satisfactory as the supfrnatUiaJ. everyone who has given the subject arty attention must have some opinion, and as I have had a most extraordinary Experience, so far, with ghosts and; dernohology in all iti phases, I deem 'best to give my theory --of. the great Amherst. Mystery now, and then let others advance theirs if they to do so il may interest some persons to know that Eliza McNeal, the ghost was com municated on the iftemoon I talked with all the six of them,'said she was the sister of Bob McNeal, the shomaker, who had threatened to shoot Esther Cox. Peter Cox, the ghost, claimed relation ship with Esther. Mrs. Daniel Teed informed me that there liad been an old uncle in her family named Peter Cox, who had been dead a great many years. Jane Nifckle, thi ghost, was either ihe wife tor sister of Bob fickle, the: defabn frftmhelL". >; .Maggie Fisher, th# ghost, wks -defi'-1 cribed by Esther as a very pleas4nt looking young woman, apparently about twenty years of age, generally dressed in a lopgr loose .wrtpper''nutfe 'of.mfine material not unlike calico, of a greyish violet, colour. . She, Esther, informed >us, would.frequently hang by Her hands and,, swing 'from the Opening 'of the trap door leading to tfte 'loft, and often leaned out of the front windows and looked up and: .down- Princess Street..' Maggie spoke Welsh ar .well as English. The other, ghosts were described by .Esther . as follows: Peter Cox, an old ghost with white hair and a smooth face, was short of stature ' and rather thin. 0e was' very quiet, And tried'to prevent .'the others frombreaking objects;they threw." Jane Nicklfcand Eliza McNeal' were ordinary-looking ghosts . of . uncertain . agefc. Their . clothes ' were sintilar in appearahce to women who wofk in the kitchens of Nova.Scotia. Maiy. Fisher was hot unlike her sister Maggie,in appearance and'dress. A description of Bob. Nickle .has been given., He was not very tall, and wore . a hat. From what I saw and heard in. the haunted house, I have been led to infer that the'ghosts of the. dead liye in a world different tboiirs, aj&d;''thit it is tothem just, as material as'our world is to us ; that they are just ais substantial to-each other aS ive are, and what is a solid substance to us is to them out-a. , liquid or vapour, and that what to them is solid is to us but air. } There are,, evidently, few worlds exist ing together in the . same atmosphere, each'as material and real as the other to its pwn'inhabitants, whether ghosts or men ^ and these assertions" of mine, .1 believe,- will yet be prpved, and be as «ap«ibl6'..of demostration as other facts in what is recogni$ed as positive science provided meb of science live in haiunted ^houses, 3s I did. The facts can never be' substantiated by investigating " Modern Spiritualism." History ' re cords well authenticated &ses; of haunted' houses in which no jpersoiis 'could "live with comfort oh account of the annoyance from the ghbsts who haunted them. Incases of this kind, there not being any person livihg in . tbem from whose system the necessary vital magnetism could escape, to permeate the atmosphere, render the contact of the inhabitants of the two world* possible, is it not logical to assume . that among thi ghosts there are those from whose bodies the same kind of vital magnetism escapes, and permeating the atmosphere of the houses they choose to haunt, makes it possible for them to come in contact with us from their part of the atmosphere, add that that is why such houses are haunted? It is my beljef that some persons are bom with such very sensitive, organiza tions that they literally live in the world of ghosts and the wodd of men at the same time, I meaaSftat the fact of their seeing aud talkinHtith the ghosts of the dead it is result ol an abnormal state of ^ ,.0U' '? with Esther Cox.^ - I never saw anj»'of the gWufw the haunted house, b^^ieaid^^^r^oices distinctly many''times, caQihg- ^Esther, Q\ive, Ges>rge and" Hubliell^Smdf Kfeard them making the most'thrillingnbises. Esther Cox could see - and hear ?ihem sometimes, and'then described Item as being in appearance like livingshadon of men and women. y,^ _ . *'f Little George, I believe, saw theniat times, and on 'several occijiions he" would look arid act as if strangers mite present whom lie feared. No one else saw them but he and '&£her-:e*cq>t the cat-but all could hfear -them «pe*fc just as plainly a* I could;'. " ~ ; \ \ An account of my evperience, *hile investigating what is called " Modern Spiritualism," would, fill * volume. I state without fear of contradiction)' that what might become agrandPsycJiical Philosophy, is .in the hands of jugglers: and charlatans. Not five per cent, of the persons known as "public mediums" ever saw a .ghojst or had a message from one; Mind-reading, or : thought-traitei fererice, "guess-work," anij legerdemiun| compose their chief ' stottiii-.tr|raf.'" These "features" of their btjsirifes,'allied by darkness pabmp'ts, iiaWsic, atid o^et adjuncts, pre" them their ;s6.'caUejl "favourable conditions," and in 'tliis wfty they' have humbugged*thousands and made hundreds insane. I.tfo not deny that 'persons may have met^ " tnediu'njs" Who j^ive thiiff 'genuine pertinept coninlunicatibli ' from' 'ijie ghosts ofthe. dead; but\ If 'sai fnost, positively; ttjai tio "meSiU)iri',^W c6hH:p| the invisible intelligence Wirti'tn 'Iheatp mosphere, knd that in hea&Tail; cases, [ where they'could' nitif cdtAe Jn'.ttntapV with the ghosts, they restpreid to triflcer^,' and then, when ekpoteji! in that, alt fliat; was genuine'that hdd. dver come from' the unseep world through their $tal. magnetism i«ras'looked on withsu^picioo j. llie greatest .ill the w'riediumk',,bav$ 'to btar is to have'to find out how .tp"jjpt, rid of their, "dupes" wl^o 'still .believe them genuine after ;they had. £eeq exposed. "Modern' SplHtu^lism" .' \vfs' founded on -manifestations, of spme ghosts, which oecured; ipVahsunted. house in 1848, and. 'which' frit? Similar in character to those.! witnessed'while, investigating the Grpat Amherst Mys tery." '' . '' v ' The sacred boots Jof India, the ;ancient .writings of the'pinnese, the.. .Talmud,. .tlte, Bible, and the' ' Koran, translations'of all of.whiih I have ex amined, contain accounts Jthp retgrri of the ghosts of the dead; arid, it 'is time science made a thorough investigation , of haunted houses, and lit ill so-called " Spiritual Mediums'* die a natural detygj.' j The " spirit-producing" pow/fcrs oif the magicians, Robert Heller knjl.^q'ni' Cazeneuye-both nowdeail, I'liejieve-' and those of Keller and Herrmann, not one of whom ever possessed,, or ciainied J to possess, any " mediumisticS" vital magnetism, will never bfe1 surpassed in ' their power to excite .wonder, and enter-] :tain the public by any1 6f the1 "'bogus; public mediums" noW .'cofltrq'lling " Modem Spiritualism/ .. : .;1j. ; ,,'j What am I, do . you Wonidier ?,.]Why, ®j until science' has demonstrated '.that, I haunted houses are but ,aj mituirrtjforirf;! of an "electro-magnetic jlhdtt'Ogmpn, that gives forth power: and sounds 'that have been stored in their interior (which, of course it never will), I shall i Continue to believe in Ghosts. For ghostaofthe dead, . ' HAve"irahdered an^Wtod In earth's atmosphere; Watchful and o\ger For victfms to torture, To follow and kill, Or make tremble with fear. Yea, ghosts of the dead. Revengeful and evil, ' Still come In hordes from the Strjrgian shore ; Entering hoops To torment oar miideoj; Burning and wrecking ' Oar homes evermore. 