NEW RELIGIOUS ORDERS FOR AUS TRALIA. His Lordship Dr. Moore, Bhhop of Ballarat, Vic toria, has introduced into his dioce?e a new order of priests, the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, and a new order of nuns, the Sisters of Nazareth. His Lordship has also brought out a foundation of the nuns of the Order of St. Brigid. The new college purchased by his Lordship for the Fathers of the Holy Ghost cost .£4000. This building, known as Coondah, was formerly the residence of Mr. Gaunt, the well-known police magistrate. The money required to purchase the building was generously supplied by the Bishop out of his private resources. The Convent of the Sisters of Nazareth, a fine building in the vicinity of Lake Wendouree, has been purchased from Mr. Tun bridge afc a cost of .£3000. These Sisters will con duct an orphanage and a Home for Aged Poor. The Order of the Holy Ghost was founded by the venerable servant of God, Francis M?,ry Paul Libermann, the son of a Jewish rabbi of Alsace. He was, of course, converted to Catholicity. The principal house of the order is at Blackrock, near Dublin, and the great success of the students from that institution may be taken as a criterion of the value of the order for teaching purposes. The jireat importance of the order may be esti mated from the fact that, in addition to the forty houses of the order in Africa, there are col leges in Europe, the United States, and the West India Islands.. The order of the Sisters of Nazareth was founded by the late Cardinal Wiseman at Ham mersmith, near London, in the year 1851. The objects of this order are nearly identical with those of the Little Sisters of the Poor. In both crecs aged impecunious persons are admitted free of charge, and their declining years are smoothed by the gentle care of the good nuns. Destitute orphans are also received, and fed, clothed, and educated by the nuns. No man under the age of seventy years, nor woman under the age of sixty years, will be admitted to the- institution. When the orphans are old enough they are boarded out as servants in Catholic families. The five nuns of the Brigidine Order brought to the neighbouring colony by the Bishop, left Ballarat on Tuesday for Ararat, where they will found a convent of their order. The first Austra lian community of Brigidines came to Australia at the invitation of Bishop Murray, of Maitland, New South Wales, five years ago. There will bo now six houses of the order in Australia, located in the following places — Coonamble and Cooma, New South Wales ; and Echuca, Beechwortb, Wangaratta, and Ararat, Victoria. The Brigidines are a teaching order. Bishop Moore has also, with the co-operation of Dr. Murray of Maitland, secured the establish ment of a Rodemptorist Monastery, which is to be a branch house of the institution at Waratah. The Eev. Father O'Farrell., bo well known in New South Wales, will be the superior of the house at Ballarat, and he will be assisted by Revs. Fathers Halson and O'Neil, from Waratah Monas tery, and the Hon. and Eev. Father Plunket, brother to the Eal'l of FmgaL The latter rev. gentleman, like the illustrious Ignatius Loyola, was a military officer in his youth, as he held a cdmmission in the Royal Fusiliers, and abandoned his military profession in obedience to the higher call io a religious life^ 