THE FATAL THREE: A NOVEL. BY M. B. BEADDON. Author of "Lady Audley*s Secret," " Vix9n, " Ishmael," "Like and Unlike," Ac., Ac. BOOK m. — ATR0P03—OR THAT WHICH MUST BH. CHAPTER IV. {Continued). It wu night when she reached Brighton, and Franz was on the platform waiting tor her; and the irreproachable brougham was drawn np close by, the brown horse snort iog and with eyes of fire, not brooking the vicinity of the engine, though too grand a creature to be afraid of it. She found Mrs. FauBset in low spirits. " I have missed you terribly," she said. I am a poor creature. I used to think myself independent of sympathy or companionship, but that is all over now. When I am alone for two days at a stretch I feel like a child in the dark," "You have lived too long in this [house, Aunt, I think," Mildred answered gently. "Forgive me if I Bay that it is a anil house." "A dull house? Nonsense, Mildred!—it is one of the best houses in Brighton." " Yes. yeB, Aunt; but it is dull all the same. The sun does not Bhine into it; the colouring of the furniture is grey and cold"'— " I hate gaudy colours." " Tea; but there are beautiful colours that are not gaudy, beautiful things that warm and gladden one. The next room"—glancing back at the front drawing- room and its single lamjH-" is full of ghosts. Those long white curtains, those feint grey walls, are enough to kill you." " I am not so fanoifnl as that" "Ah ; but yon are fanciful, perhaps, with out knowing it. The influence of this dull, grey house may have orept into your veins and depressed you unawares. Will you go to the Italian Lakes with me next September, Aunt ?—or, better, will you go to the West of England with me next week—to the north coast of Cornwall, whioh will be lovely at this season? I am sure yon want change; this monstrous life is killing you f" "No, no, Mildred. There is nothing amiss with my life. It BuitB me well enongb, and I am able to do good." " Your lieutenants conld carry on all that while you were away." " No; I like to be here—I like to organize, to arrange, I can feel that my life is not useless—that my talent is plaoed at inte est." "It conld all go on, Aunt; it could indeed. The change to new soenes would revive you." " No; I am satisfied where I am. I am mong people whom 1 like and who like and espect me." She dwelt upon the last [words with unc ion, as if there were tangible comfort in hem. Mildred sighed and was silent. She had elt it her duty to try and rouBe her aunt rom the dnll apathy into which she seemed radually sinking, and she thought that the nly cbanoe of revival was to remove her rom the monotony of her present existence. . Later on in the evening the fire had been lighted in the inner drawing-room. Miss FauBBet feeling chilly in spite of the ap proach of summer, and aunt and nieoe drew near the hearth for cheerfulness and comfort. The low reading-lamp spread its light only over Mies FauBset's book-table and tne circle in which it stood. The faces of both women were in shadow, and the lofty room with its walls of books was full of shadows. " You talk so despondently of life some times, Aunt, as if it nad all been disappoint ment," Baid Mildred after a long silence, in which they had both sat watohing the fire, each absorbed by her own thoughts, "yet your gilrhood must have been bright. I have heard my dear father say how indul gent his father was—how he gave way to his children in everything." " Yes, he was very indulgent—too indul gent, perhaps. I had my own way in every thing, only one's own way doeB not always lead to happiness. Mine did not. I might have been a happier woman if my father had been a tyrant." "You would have married, perhaps, in that case to escape an unhappy home. I wish you wonld toll me more about your girlish years. Aunt, You must have had many admirers when you were young, and amongst them all there must have been some one for whom yon cared just a little. Would it hurt yon to talk to me about that old time ?" "Yes, Mildred. There are some women who can talk about such things—women who can prose for hours to their granddaughters or their nieoes—Bimpering over the silliness of the past, boasting of oonqnests which no body believes in. for it iB very difficult to realize the fact that an old woman was ever young and lovely. I am not of that temper, Mildred; the memory of my girlhood is hate ful to me." " Ah, tben there was some sad story—BOme unhappy attachment. I was sure it was so," said Mildred in a low voice. " But tell me of that happier time before you went Into society—the time when you were in Italy with your governess studying at the Conser vatoire at Milan. I thought of you so much when I was at Milan the other day." " I have nothing to tell about that time. I was a foreigner in a strange city, with an elderly woman who was said to take care of me, and whose chief occupation was to take care of herself—a solicitor's widow, whose health required that she should winter in the Sonth, and who contrived to make my father pay handsomely for her benefit." "And you were not happy at Milan ?" " Happy ?—no. I got on with my musical education; that was all I cared for." " Had you no friends—no introductions to nice people?" "No. My chaperon made my father be lieve that she knew all the best families in Milan; but her circle resolved itself into a iew third-rate muBical people who gave a shabby little evening party now and then. You bore me to death, Mildred, when you force me to talk of that time and of that woman whom I hated." " Forgive me, Aunt; I will ask no more questions," said Mildred with a sigh. She had been trying to get nearer to her aunt, to familiarize herself with that dim past when this fading woman was young and full of hope. It seemed to her as if there was a dead wall between her and Miss Fausset—a barrier of reserve which should not exist be tween they who were so near in blood. She had made up her mind to stay with her aunt to the end, to do all that duty and affection could suggest, and it troubled her that they should still be strangers. After this severe repulse she could make no fnrther attempt. There was evidently no softening influence in the memory of the past. Miss Fausset's character, as revealed by that wbioh she con cealed rather than by that which she told, was net beautiful. Mildred could but think that she had been a proud, oold-hearted voung woman, valuing herself too highly to inspire love or sympathy in others, electing to be alone and unloved. After this time went by in a dull mono tony. The same people came to see Miss Fausset day after day, and she absorbed the same flatteries, aocepted the same adulation, alwayB with an air of deepest humility. She organized her charities; she listened tn every detail about the circumstances and even the mental condition and spiritual views of her poor. Mildred discovered before long that there was a leaven of hardness in her bene volence. She could not tolerate sin; she weighed every life in the same balance; she expected exceptional purity amidst foulest surroundings. She was liberal of her worldly SoodB, but her mind was as narrow as if she ad lived in a small village a hundred years ago. Mildred found herself oontinually plead ing for wrongdoers. The only event or excite r-ent whioh the bright June days bronght with them was the arrival of Pamela Ransome, who was escorted to Brighton by Lady Lochinvar herself, and who had been engaged for three weeks to Malcolm Stuart with everybody's consent and approval. " I wrote to Unole George the very day I was engaged, Aunt, as well as to you; and he answered my letter in the sweetest way, and he is going to give me a grand piano," said Pamela all m a breath. Lady Lochinvar explained that much as Bhe detested London she had felt it her solemn duty to establish herself there during her nephew's engagement in order she might become acquainted with Pamela's people and asBut her dear boy in all his arrangements for the future. When a young j man marries a nice girl with an estate with fifteen hundred a year, allowing for the poor return made by land nowadays, everything onght to go upon velvet. Lady Lochiavar was prepared to make sacrifices, or in other words to contribute a handsome portion of that fortune which she had intended to be queath to her nephew. She could afford to be generous, having a surplus far beyond her possible needs; and she was very fond of Maloolm .Stuart, who had been to her as a eon. " 1 was quite alone in the world when my husband died," she told Mildred. "My father and my own people were all gone, and I should have been a wretched eroature withont Malcolm. He was tbs only son of Lochinvar's favourite sister, who went off in a decline when he was eight years old, and he had been brought up at the Castle; so it is natural, you see, that I should be fond of him and interested iu his welfare." Pamela kissed her by way of commentary. ' 1 think yoa are quite the dearest thing in k wrnrl<4 '• eka Ottd ov/iflnk A11 Tit" Mil. the world," she said, " except Auut Mil dred." It may be seen from this remark that the elder and younger ladies were now on very easy terms. Mildred had stayed in Paris with Lady Lochinvar, and a considerable part of her trosBeau, the outward and visible part, had all been chosen in the ateliers of fashionable Parisian dressmakers and milli ners. The more humdrum portion of the bride's raiment was to be obtained at Brighton, where Pamela was to spend a week or two with her aunt before she went to London to stay with the Mountford's, who had taken a honse in GroBvenor Gardens, from which Pamela was to be married. "And where do you think we are to be married, aunt," exclaimed Pamela excitedly. "At St. George's?" " Nothing so humdrum. We are going to be married in the Abbey—in Westminster Abbey—the burial-place of heroes and poets. I happened to say one day when Malcolm and 1 were almost strangers — it was at Bnmpelrneyer's, sitting outside in the snn eating ices—that 1 had never seen a wedding in the Abbey, and that I should love to see one; aud Malcolm B&id; we muBt try and manage it some day— meaning anybody's weddiog, of oourse—thongh he pretends now that he always meant to marry me there himself," " Presumptuous in him," said Mildred, smiling. " Oh, young men are horribly presump The " ' " ' tuoue. They know they are in a minority —there is eo little competition—and a plain young man, too, like_ Maloolm! But I sup nnsn kn Irsmnra ko «a ni/lO " odrlnrl Psmala < pose he kuows he is nice," added Pamela j conclusively. | " Don't you think it will be lovely for me 1 to be married iu the Abbey ?" she asked pre sently. "I think, dear, in your case I would rather have been married from my own house and in a village church." " What!—in that poky little church at Mapledown ? 1 believe it is one of the oldeBt in England, and it iB oertainly one of the ugliest. Sir Henry Mountford sug gested making a family business of it, but BoBalind nnd I were both in favour of the Abbey. We shall get much better notices in the society papers," added Pamela, with a business-like air, as it she had been talking about the production of a new play. "Well, dear, as 1 hope you are. only to be married once in your life you have a light to choose your church." Pamela was bitterly disappointed pre sently when her aunt refused to be present at her weddiog. " I will spend an hour with you on your wedding morning and see you in your wed ding-gown if you like, Pamela: but I cannot go among a crowd of gay people or share in any festivity. I have done with all thoBe things, dear, for ever and ever." Pamela's candid eyes filled with tears. She felt all the more sorry for her aunt because -her own cup of happiness was overflowing. She looked round the silver-grey drawing room, and her eyes fixed. theaiBelveB on the piano which he had played so often, so ofteu, -in the tender twilight, in the ehadowy even ing when that larger room was left almost without any light save that which came -through the uudraped archway yonder. But Castellani was no loDger a person to be thought of in italics. From the moment Pamelas eyes had opened to the excellence of Mr. Stuart's manly and straightforward character they had also become aware of the Italian's deficiencies. She had realized the fact that he was a charlatan; and now she looked wonderingly at the piano, at a loss to ! understand the intensity of bygone emotions, and inclined to excuse herself upon the .ground of youthful foolishness. " What a silly, romantio wretch I must liave been," she thought—"a regular Eoaa Matilda—as if the happiness of life depended -upon one's husband having an ear for music." Mildred was by no means unsympathetic about the trousseau, although she herself had done with all interest in fashion and finery. She drove about to the pretty Brighton shops with Pamela, and exeroised a restraining in fluence upon that young lady's taste, which inclined to the florid. She sympathized with the young lady's anxiety about her weddiug Sown, which waB to be made by a certain Ir. Smitheon, a faiseur who held potent sway over the ladies of fashionable London, and who gave himself more airs than a Prime Minister. Mr. Smithson had consented to make Mies Baneome a wedding-gown, de spite her social insignificance and the pres sure of the season, provided that he were not worried about it. "If I have too many people calling upon me or am peetered with letters I shall throw the thiDg up," he told Lady Moantford one morning when she took him some fine old rose point for the petticoat. "Yes, this lace is pretty good; I suppose you got it in Venioe ? I have seen Miss llansome, and I know what kind of gown she can wear. It will be sent home the day before the wedding." With this assuranoe, haughtily given. Lady Mountford and her sister had to be oon tented. •* If I were your sister I would let a woman in Tottenham Court-road make my gowns rather than I would stand suoh treatment," raid Sir Henry, at whioh his wife shrugged her shoulders and told him he knew nothing about it. " The cut is everything," she said. " It is worth putting upwith Smithson'a insolenoe to know'that one is the best-dressed woman in the room." " But if Smithson dresses all the other women" " He doesn't. There aro very few who have the courage to eo to him, his manners are so humiliating—he as good as told me I had a hump 1—and his prices are enormous," "And yet you called me extravagant for giving seventy pounds for a barb," cried Sir Henry—" a bird that might bring me a pot of money in prizes 1" ****** The grand (jueBtion of trousseau and wed ding-gown being Bottled, there remained ouly a point of minor importance—the honeymoon. Pamela was in favour of that silly season being spent in Bome rustic spot far from the madding crowd, and Pamela's lover was of ber opinion in everything. " We have both seen the best part of the Continent," said Pamela, taking tea in Mil dred's upstairs sittiog - room, which had assumed a brighter and more home-like aspect in her occupation than any other room in Miss Faueset's house. " We don't want to rush off to Switzerland or the Pyrenees; we want just to enjoy each other's society and to make our plans for the future. Besides, travelling is so hide ously unbecoming. I have seen brides with fusty batB and smuts on their faces who would have been miserable if they had only known bow they were looking." " I think you and Mr. Stuart are very wise in your cboioe, dear," answered Mildred. " England in July is delicious, Have you decided where to go ?" " No, we can't make up our minds. We want to find a plane that is exquisitely pretty, yet not too far from London, so that we may run up to town occasionally and see about our furnishing. Sir Henry offered us Bainham, but as it is both ugly and inoonvenient I unhesitatingly refased. I don't want to spend my honeymoon in a placepervaded by prize pigeons." " What do you think of the neighbourhood of the ThameB, Pamela 1" asked Mildred, thoughtfully. " Are you fond of boating ?' " Fond ?—I adore it 1 I could live all my life upon the river." " Really 1 I have been thinking that if you and Mr. Stuart would like to spend your honeymoon at the Hook it ia just the kind of place to suit you. The house is bright ana pretty, and the gardens are exqui site." Pamela's face kindled with pleasure. " But, dear aunt, you would never think" ehe began. "The house is at your service, my dear girl. It will be a pleasure for me to pre Eare everything for you. I cannot tell you ow dearly I love that house or how full of memories it is for me. The lease of my father's house in Parliament-street was sold after his death, and 1 only kept a few special things out of the furniture; but at the Hock nothing has been altered since I was a child." Pamela accepted the offer with rapture, and wrote an eight-page letter to her lover upon the subject, although he was coming to Brighton next day and was to dine in Lewes oresoent. Mildred was pleased at being able to give so much pleasure to her huebaud'B niece. It may be, also, that she snatohed at an excuse for revisiting a spot sho fondly loved. She offered to take Pamela with her to ex plore the house and gardens and discusB any small arrangements for her own comfort, but against this Miss Bansome protested. " I want everything to be new to us," she said —"all untrodden ground—a delicious surprise, 1 am sure the place is lovely, and I want to know no inoro about it than £ know of fairyland. I haven't the faintest DOtion what a Hook can be in connection with the Thames. It may be a mountain or a glacier for anything I know to the con trary, but I am assured it iB delightful. Please let me know nothiug more, dearest aunt, till I go there with Malcolm. It iB adorable of you to hit upon such a splendid idea; and it will look very well in the sooiety papers, added rameia, waxiug busi ness-like. "'Mr. and Mrs. Stuart' — oh, how queer that sounds 1 — 'are to spend their honeymoon at the Hook, the riverside residence of the bride's aunt.' I wonder whether they will say ' the well-known resi dence,' " mused Pamela. Mildred went up to town with Miss Ban some and her betrothed at the end of the young lady's visit. Miss fausset had been coldly gracious, after her manner, had allowed Mr. Stuart to come to the house whenever he pleased, and had given up the rarely used front drawing-room to the lovers, who sat and whispered and tittered over their own little witticisms by the distant piano and behaved altogether like those pro vetbial children of whom we are told in our childhood, who aro seon but not beard. Mil dred lunched in Grosvenor Gardens, and went to Chertsey by an afternoon train. The house keeper who had once ruled over both Mr, Fausset's houses, subject to interference from Bell, was now caretaker at the Hook, with a housemaid under ber. She was an elderly woman, but considerably Bell's junior, and ehe was an admirable cook and manager. A telegram two days before had told her to ex pect her mistress, and the house was in per fect order when Mrs, Greswold arrived in the summer twilight. All things had been make to look as if the place were in family occupation, although no one but the two ser vants had been liviDg there since Mr. Fausset's death. The familiar look of the rooms emote Mildred with a sudden, unexpected pain. There were the old lamps burning on the tables, the wcll-reraembered vases—her mother's choice, and always artistic in form and colour—filled with the old June flowers from garden and hothouse. Her father's chair stood in its old place in the bay window in front of the table at which he used to write his letters sometimes, looking out at the river between while Mrs. Daw eon had put a lamp in bis study—a small room opening out of the drawing-room and with windows on two sides, aud both look ing towards the river which he had loved so well. Tho windows were open in the twi light, and the rose-garden was liko a sea of bloom. His room—nothing was altered here. As it had been in the last days he had lived here eo it waB now. " I haven't moved so much as a penholder, ma'am," said DawBon, tearfully. 