The Brave Fireman. Hohewabd past the fire-escape, I mark its tall fantastic shape, Ab it leans against tho Bky ; rhc fii eman stands by his quaint macliine With folded arms, and an easy mku As if to say, ?' There's none to be seen More free from caru thnn I.' Does hiB wife, methinkB, as careless seem , Or does Bhe lie in her bed and dream Of the shouts, and erics, and rattle ! 'When the engines thuudur along, and a glare Of red is seen in the dark night air, Dues she otart in her sleep, and hreathc a prayer 1'orher huabund iu midst of battle ! Weaving such thoughts, I go to bed ; But I cuiuiot rest, for my whirling head Keeps harping on conflagration ; I see a mignty city mi firu ;? And a» the tlaine* mount higher and higher, 1 hear the thrill ol the deep Kea wire Fraught with the grief of a. nation. I wako-^Did I dream ! I cannot stay To consider, for yonder, over t'.m way. Is n house all smoking and burning ; And dismal figures, draped in white At the upper windows, like ghosts of the night, Are thricking shrilly in dire affright Of the bourne whence there's no returning. 'What a dreadful shock to awaken thus !— To Led all v. enried out with the fuss Of a city shopkeeper's day ; Dreaming, mnybc, after scanty prayers, Of worldly eains, nnd of worldly cares, And then to waken, and find the Btaira In a blaze, and melting away ! Useless, like me, the crowd below, : Swuying and surgiug to aud fro, Does little but shout and gape ; A mere unorganised rabblu rout, Uselces, but full of heart, no doubt, For hark '. what a peal of joy rings out, : ' Hurrah for the fire escape ! ' Jly fireman comes with his quaint machine, A burning house iB a nightly scene To him, so he's not perplexed : He olimbsfor the been of this smoking hive, II e dutches them— one, two, three, four, five ! Hu has saved all these unhurt and alive 1 - . And now he mounts for the next. Horror ! nn envious tongue of fire DurtH. like a euake, tlimugh the netted wire; , The canvau in all aflame. ! He fidla ! he falls ! is there none to save ! All! cruel, to think that ono so brave, Who Bnatched live souls from a fiery grave. Should perish by the, some ! Not rcnlly cruel. IfProvider.ee, In r.lnofi of onr dull earthly sense, More godlike eyes had given, Like Jacob's ladder, years ago, Perchance that fire- escape would glow ?With angels passing to and fro i To point the way to Heaven. ? In allusion to the Great Fire of Chicago * Octobers, 1871. 