. TEE WEDDING OF WOLLONGONG, j i -7--. --- ' BY VIATOB... . Wednesday lastwaä the ? bridal day. of Wollongong. On that day tho fair virgin town becarao, ono pf tho manv'connections of tho great big metropolis, alboit wedded to him bv- a. band of iron instead of gold, ; it jg a timo of 1 rejoicing for ' tho maldon town. ? Admiring' and . enthusiastic friends throng .around w 'decorating her with flowers and the gracos of ?Lénery,'and'dressing, ber in gay flaunting flags, o0 that she mav make a Atting impresión on her rich city lord. * There i* a crashing of brass bands, dances 'and banquets, and tho emptying of many Hagons, mid shout inga of the throng, and thon tho . ouist night comos down on tho nuptials and the bridal dav has geno for over. Tho newly-wedded town, blushing in her simplo. rural charms has, like many a mortal maiden, had her one supremo day with tho oyeä of the world upon her (tho only world sho cares about), and thereafter her lot is cpmnion-plaoe. Thero is reallv somelhimr palhotio about theso unions of town and éitv. A littlq settlement in tho oountry drags on a hard existence against manifold difficulties, looking always longingly forward 'to tho coming of tho railway, At length tho day is at hand, and great is ho'r rejoioing and importance. The nuptials talco place,' and thou, perhaps, for a short year or two the town is happy, hoing tho-last fanoj ot the city. But 'the railway pushes on and marrios another town to tho city, and then tho previous one is. left desolate. Her friends desert her, and hor wealth leaveä her for tho now brido, and sho droops and fades away to tho shadow of her former self. But -sho has her consolation in tho knowledgo that just such a fate will overtake her successful rival soon or lato. Many snob towns'have I seen in the in'orior, and about their languid lifo andhalf-hoarted ways of business and tho jelics of . thoir former prosperity thoro was a good deal of pathos suggested. The railway authorities, adopted a wise plan in declining to issue freo passos to tho opening. On suoh occasions as freo passes havo beon issued, tho orowding and inconvenience have been terrible. On tho occasion of the opening of tho railway to Armidale soma years ago, Í witnessed the spectacle of delicate women and children, as well as mon, horded togolher_ like sheep, without sitting accommodât ion for one-third, and this was endmed for something like 24 hours. : Thanks to the moderate charge attached to tho journey to tho towns pf Woolongong and Kiama, tho attendance, though largo, was not uncomfortably so. Most of those"present wont from 5 ntollisent curiosity, to aser- ian) tho character of tho district and its famous ?capacities.. Some went for the pleasure of tho trip. Tbor$ were stout women, with, plothorio baskets, ns 'though stout tba out of sympa'hy with thoir owners, and tho; usual number of soodily-attired personages .who, according to Dickens, always taite, advantage 'of such occasions' to' remark to' their neighbours "at au. early stage of tho journey, " Steam is a wonderful in- vention.';' Qn lin nssont being roturnod to this re- markably original abortion those personages immodi atelv and fervently add ' " Wonderful." _ The identical remark was made by "just such an individual in tho carriage in. '. which I sat. But despite his adverse critics Dickens was protty true to nature, altliough, it is true, ho generally observed through magnifying glasses, which, hpwover. was a gift rather than'a' fault. The journey to Waterfall was pretty well known boforo tho opening day. Its most charming, sight is undoubtedly tho magnificent stream of George's Uiver, wido, shini'g, and ramifiod. One could not'wish fora.bettor building site than ono with a frontage/ to this lovely and spaçiqn* stroam, A groat part df ouo.'of its b;inks'belongs to ono individual. It has boen leased :fqr. 99 y oars to a syndicate, who havo d sposed of it in lots. A great many people have a reasonable "prejudice against such a system of pur- chase; Tho possessor for' tj>e tipio being can noyer call 'tho-laid. hïsVw&''''''-M 'tye' end of 99 years it must 'revert to the'owher, pr,his descendants, with all its. imprp.vtmonts. This may not troublo tho original .less.ee very much, for by that time' Oft. of ground in some .comotery about will meet all- his want's, but the system is an uncomfortable one. Personally, I would, not give muoh, for tho vnluo of tho present system of land tonuro- in 99 years' time. Tho ideas on the question of land-ownership at present obtaining may hot bo' worth much then, although a century is. after all, not a long period in tho growth of; great principles, If things romain ns thny. aro the; hoir of the George's River land, when.'tho leaso falls in, will require something like genuis to live outside his income. At Waterfall tho lamps wero lighted as a signal that tho tunnels .wore at hand. There aro seven of thoVe, the longest being only a chain short pf a mile in length. This, I wns informed, has a grado of I .in 40, Wo flow through on the downward journey, but coming back it oççupiod 5JS minutos to pierce it. When the train emerges from it on tho trip to Wollongong a glorious sight awaits tho tra voller. Tho train isrön tho very edge of the cliff's descending to tho sea. Away/to tho' east spreads the glorious Pacific," beautiful and majestic as it srnpto tho. eyes of -, Yaseo. Nunez de Balbpa, .when tho. tired traveller, feasted his gaze on the great revelation, "silent upon a Doak iii Darien." As I saw it there was a smbltnliko mist upqn it out trf sex Nearpr'iri shore tho w^jer ;vy~as' marvellously Slue and clear. Mile after m,ilo, tho. coast drove, its sharp peajts, into ita side, and along it, a3 far as the oyo could behold, a constant spuno of sand and foam "made a snowy rim. On the other hand roso tho hills black, precipitous, and dominating, split by Bplondid gullies, , whose side3 were biddon by a wild profusion of somi tropie-il vegetation flourishing iii ' wholly tropical luxuriance. Among denso growths of "tho' ubi- quitous eucalyptus, , sprang 20, 30, and 40 feet into tho air the straight slim, trunks of tho graceful cabbage palm," bursting nt tho top into }a bunch oE huso drooping loaves. Ono vrho hasnot seen them flourishing'in. tMf "nntiyqi habitat cati scarcely conceive what a gracious festive appearance they preso'nt among tho serried "cqlunina of tho other- wise sombre -forest.- High up asainst tho trunks of towering eucalypti the beautifully fronded staghorn forn makes its nest, .Numbors'p't theso lovely para- sites may bo sceu from tho train wipdow. Tho flamq, treo, with its bunches bf brilliant scarlet blooms, ijlu^ minâtes tho woods, whilo down in tho gullies is tho favourite haunt of tho graceful ' fern troos, dolieatost and-most symnjetrical 'of Australian trees," lïundreds of grb.es trees besiege tho railway lino, and from tliq tPpB of , tall trees hang long ropos of nativo supple-! jack, suggesting tho liamas of Brazilian forests to the luxuriant vegetation of which an Australian botanist has compared tho forest growth of portions of Eastorn Australia. Tho usual' numbor' of weird white naked gum {rees stand like ghosts about' tho . scone, but Naturo, as though wisliiner to havo no reproach pf decay .where so much life abounds, has in many cases trainod 8 ^ht.grcen' creeper to .rup u"p 'tho poor' dead trunk,' and coyer it with a green mantle which will give to it tho semblance of its forgotten life! Ono thing I noticed about the hill? is that thev aro all possossed of foreheads-that is, for the space" of apparently somo -0 or 80 feet tboy descend by a sheer fall.of perpendi- cular rock, and from that point slope off in tho gradual wanner of hills. It would be interesting to ascertain the cause of this somewhat peculiar formation. Tho foliage on the bills is of a blackish rather than green »as though coloured bv'tho subtle chomistry of A ature from tho vast storehouses of coal whioíi lie wider every ono of these hills, aud which the workmen of countless ages shall riflo for material to drivo ¡he steamships and locomotivos of tho world. Tho hill was pointed out tu mo at Bulli into which tho vast mino is driven iu whose black catacombs so many bravo and splendid men met their fato a short timo since. All these things, and doubtloss many moro, can bo eeen from tho window of a train to Wollongong The town itself has little to separate it froïn other country towns. It presents the samo poverty of architecture, and tho same straggling appearance. But it is the contre of tho richest district in Eastorn Australia and its futuro must bo a great ono. Its disadvantages in harbour accommodation will 'doubt- less prevent it from over becoming a great seaport town, tho costly ba<in being totally inadequate to copo with anything like largo shipping" demands. At pre- sent, however, it is quito sufficient for nll'ncedful pur- poses. Tho resources of tho district aro vorv well known,' and have been brought into tho fullest pro minenco by tho recent railway opening. Bosidos those, fit -f. 8^ic and sanitorinl advantages which ominontly nt it to be for ages to como a favourite touting place, and this ¡a surely a, part pf its destiny. Tho great ocean beaoh is ono of the finest in tho world, and an comparison with it that at Manly' is' absolutely diminutivo. No hotter, wilder placo for séa-batbírig could bo imagined. Tho inroads of th( sea sand wore in- past times BO-great an inconvenience to.tho inhabitants that it locarno necessary to ereel fences of brushwood-^ frail but most effective barriei against tho encroachments of tho snnd. Kendall has sting of these " ghostly branches bolting: round the shores of Wollongong,'' as he has sung of its " old and thunder-shattered stoops," and the .moonlight on its overlooking "cono of Koora, sloping down tho sleeping yale." Jj is truly a meet pince! for tho poet's song. Young ns it is, tho town is tull of sugapstfon, not so much of its own history as tho history of that which it has displaced. As might bo expected from its rion natural characteristics, it was a great resort of tho blacks in past ' times, who were much thicker along tho coast districts than in tho interior, How coraplotoly they,have fallen hpfpre tho march of tho white mau was evidenced to mo by tho fact that not a singlo aboriginal was. visible in tho streets of Wollongong upon tho.opening dav. If thoro is a blackfellow about tho district, upon such an occasion he in variably puts in an appearance to claim thc charity of thc inhabitants, whioh he generally invosts in-a purchase of tho whito mon's rum. Tho fnct that there was no " King Billv" or " Kins: Jackey" at Wollongong.on Wednesday is a protty certain proof that the b'ackfellow is fairly well "wined out" in tho district. Civilisation has blown him away like a vapour that cumbered the landscape. Ho passed off without a struggle, and, as wo put it, tho fittest survives. Indeed, while .civil sation «as engaged in destroying the aboriginal it fascinated him in tho process,, so that his idea of happiness in a futuro world consisted of his " jumping up whitefollow." There was nothing bad in his harmless life, and sp, mayhap, bis wish will bo gratified. ' At any rato,^ withont boing oynical, it is protty certain that many a porannago who seems white enough, in this world will " jump up blackfellow " whoa blaok and white alike aro summoned to tho final reckoning. Tho old cemotery at Wollongong is situated almost on the boach, undor qpver pf the hodge alr.eady men- tioned. Somo scoro of loaning tombstones indioato its presence'. Very forlorn- and desolate it looks overthrown with sand., and within hearing of tho per- petual requiem of the çrjoning son. Hero tho old . in- habitants aw laid away. Wollongong is not so young in comparison with Srdnoy when it already boasts of a disused cemetery. I was talking with a friend down there who first saw tho light in its principal street 40 years ago. The cemetery overlooks tho beach from tho 1 flagstaff hill to " Wentworth's Grant," a traqt of land culminating in Fiyo Island Point, so called from tho fact. that five rocky islets run out from it almost due past. Q'horo is something very saddening in this old comotery on tho long beach whore tho tolling wavos foll for over; but there is scarcely a dopressing impres- sion-that nature can give whioh is proof against a good dinner, a good cigar, and convivía1 company, and all of these may bo found in tho t-Ieepr little seaport town. 