;?'O Briei;'s 'Ghdost. ? Sir. O proprien wasprorietress of a lodg ing Ihouso in the romantic ,suburb of Carlton. ;At the time I speak of she was .a-widow of six months. ,The; late Mr. O'Brien had been found one morninig following a race ,meeting ,with:hi.a head jammed -in a water main. \- How it got thero, no evidence ishowed. So far, however, as-Mrs. O'Brien was con corned this did not matter. To all intents and purposes, her Mink was the man whose head was found in the water main. It is true that his classio visage-of true Tipperary type had suffered some damage, and was not readily recognisable. But the clothes were her Hick's. His watch was missing, but there was his initials on the tail of his shirt, and what more was needed, Then there was an exceptional corn on the little too of his right foot to which the widow"Sure-God be with him," she sobbed to the coroner, "haven't I pared that same corn scores of times. Oh whirra, whirra I my poor darlin', he'll never want that corn pared again." And so the coroner, satisfied that the disagreeable corpse in the next room was all that remained of Michael O'Brien, Esq., proceeded with the inquest. A verdict was returned to the effect that Michael O'Brion had met with his death from suffocation in a water pipe, but there was no evidence to show how he got there. So the body was hurried, with a grand wake, and all the honors, and Honors the widow sat down in the parlor to receive the condolence of her friends and acquain tances, These were many, and of all ages, positions and types ; Michael had boon in some sor a pubhliman-a localcouncellor, a J.P., and a successful contractor. Persons then of all kinds came to offer their sympathy. Mrs. O'Brien received them, as she observed to a friend, "appropriate, my dear, accordin' to their ranks." Mr. Theophilus Murphy, a young Aus taalian undergraduate studying at the uni versity, was among lier visi ors. Thie O'Brilns and the Murphys had always "consorted," both in the " ould land," and here in the new. Mr. Theophilus was a young man of 22, with a round face, round nose, and little round eyes. He looked like an animated turnip, with a dishcover represented by his collegiate hat. He paid Mrs. O'Brien his visit of con dolence hahited in his university gown, and flat board. He know that the lady admired this out wardandvisible sign of larning and janius, and lie was not unwilling to make a favor able impression. Even thus early, MIr. Murphy reflected that the late O'Brien would "cut up" for a considerable sum. The widow was plump and comely-on the fair side of thirty. Theophilus liked the idea. " You'll be lonely now, dear sMrs. O'Brien," said lie, as he sat in the dark ened drawing room. "Don't name it, Misther Murphy," slhe sobbed, " poor Mrick was grand company, and very lively." 'Ihis was true, for the late gentleman, being usually well in liquor used to make things "hum," in the house, if dinner was not ready or to his liking. " Maybe you'll travel," suggested the undergraduate. "Nothing like it they say to cure a broken heart. I can believe it. To visit the classic lands of Europe and Asia; to converse with the spirits of the great heroes of ancient times-ahl I yyes, this might be apt to make one forgot his sorrow." "Maybe, sir," said the widow, "but I am a great stay-at-homo, ye see. My ways is domestic. No-i'll open a board ing house." Theophilus stared. "A boarding house, liMr. O'Brien ?" "To be sure, IMr. Murphy; not yo'll understand that I need to do it for the profit, glory he to God. Poor Mick has left me overything-may he rest in pace. But for society, Mr. Murphy. If I can get five or six geontlemen,likoyersolf,now, Mr. Murphy, to live in this big house, sure it would be company-and com pany of a very pleasant koind ye'll under stand. For a moment the undergraduato said nothing. He - thought,. however, very rapidly. Presently le spoke. "Not a bad idea, ma'lam-not a bad idea. And I'll tell you what-if you still hold to it, I'll imake one. Bless me, it would be very pleasant. You know I am musical, ndyou sing beautifully M'rs.-" "Whist whlst, MIr. Murphy. Don't let is talk of themn vanities yet. Poor Nick hasn't beens in heaven over a week." "True, true. But time passes rapidly Mrs. O'Brien. It seems like a monith- doesn't it I" I'I ohblige to ye. An' 1'll make ye comfortable, I believe." " Don't name it, dear imadamn," ob served thl undergradtuate," don't tmne it. The privilege of living under the ianmeo roof with you, deir lady, would iof itself stlllee tsoimpart iI i ousof eomforii and conllt ittlnlent to the moUst exactinlg of Mirs. t)'llrien wasspeechlces. This ad dress tickled tier vanity oven unto ia slpecies of imetal paralysis. Whten, therefote, Mr. Murphy risned her hand to his lips, and hadle her good dtay, eio could only iiiile, and blush, and flutter. 'i cInllln I'" slie imutrired to heroelf whon alone, " tllhat young lllll n I quite llill maognetie ittraelion,, ho 11 ha. Well, w,,l, poir )'lhi'ioi ; I wi iondtT ]ir 'o foil ,ow ?" If thiu rutlclliin, uttered hlotd in lh IIr?uciii f tiI lle, wIIhl h l ii sti kllllW liii hin eillitcd iI life, hild i lclhd ii 'al illnswtrl thai nloell ri , l u bJil lraily haII vi Irl\u'tee)lllcU'i l l iiilit llili ii fi l / li l hodit. hin tii snil IIIo clll'lr--l i. dr i iiIk." Wh, e'over he ioi t e I i listi i thel ?n lie ,Illhion onll h l d tl rhed Mr. I)'lhiil h iiI w ihetiri ill ouhi( i uiui pi riUl (IIhi 1 lIelhl i ni n111 o Sll ech iden t a' rled tol nIls vwidowl, f)r thioiiih i lhe itiihId huiirl tu iiis n i t iilniiy ic titi I in her l lIgh.I tie Irie ral hf r si u lLt lind reglrdeuill hir elyidy ftoe liIn tih liiliior over the inaeii l shei f. li Th, wi s fiul tin mols i, hlro tinuhl ciiied, l hit 1 i an i, nga l l youtu minli, hiiio ihn is , wih his le riih' ii l d jui niini . "I'w ll le And ino, eltor a dleoult poclud of lliourii. Ing'for herdoparted Mick, and the settle ment of his affairs (which last proved very satisfactory indeed), 1Mrs. O'Brien issued a neat little circular among her friends, informing them that she was prepared to accommodate five or six e gentlemen of character and position at her house in Carlton. True to his promise, Mr. Theophilus SIMurphy was the first to take up his abode r at Erin House. Then a landing-waiter in the Oustoms, a stout, red-faced, loud-voiced gentle man who had been in the army and was I known as Major Buck, appeared one day 1 at the dinner table, and was introduced as a permanency. Theophilus hated him instinctively. The major had a way of looking at him from beneath his beetling brows, which made the student's spinal marrow croop. He thought that a cannibal savage might no regard a well-nourished missionary s prospectively. T - mDo nna1A UnV AT n. T£W bank clerks, and (after some doe mur, as being someowllat below the social standard of the other lodgers) a young man from a large drapery establishmeont, made up the rest of the boarders. The last gentleman only succeeded in securing admission to the hospitalities of Erin House by accepting a bed-room in a garret, and promising to observe an unob trusive demeanor. Then, there was the advantage that he was always ready to supply information with respect to the fashions, and the latest things in bonnets. He was a quiet, blue-eyed youth, with a sad and melancholy cast of countenance. Mrs. O'Brien took to him, and patro nised him, for which he seemed very grate ful. The widow had the late Mr. O'Brien's aunt to reside with her. This was neces sary in due course of the proprieties. A niece also-a pretty country girl with red lcooks andsoft browneyes, was adopted by the lady, who, iodeover, kept her re ligiously ine the backgreund. Time passedon,andth poriodofmourn ing had elapsed. Mrs. Q'Brien, one fine sunmedr's morning, appe red at breakfast in a simple gown of cololed print. The major was in eostciies. " Al I madam, that is sensible. I'm tie last man in the world, egad, to say nay to decent formucitiesi Butby heaven, Mrs. O'Brien, its sheer blasphemy to hide such loveliness as yours beneath dull crape." The widow colored, and simpered. Tihe uncdergratuate realised, for the first time in his life, that there were some cir cumstances, cunder lhe action of which a man might commit murder justifiably. The drapers' young man looked doepre catingly at his landiady. "It is gratifying, Mrs. O'Brien, to hoar SMajor Buck speak thus. his views eare those of a gentleman who has the right and authority to offer thleee. The major crunched his toast. By Jove you are right, sir, right. What Jack Buck hasn't seem you might i put ic your eye without aciy deeger io it," and the major scowled at the undergradu ate. That gentleman felt miserablo. He hIad felt for someo time that heo was losing ground with the widow, He dotermined to settle matters at once. And so, one day, returning from a re fined game of tennis and carrying hIis bat in his hand, lee entered his lodgings. It was early In: the afterenoon, and he know ihe should find the widow alone. He was nilstaken.. Opening the door of the sitting-room hO behold a picture which made him gesp. 'lie' widow was rcollning in the major's arms. He was sonthing her ; speaking to her in a tender, though rather arbitrary man nor. As the door ereaked Jlo looked up. " Ha I" roared the major, and the noxt monment the undergraduate was dracged across the room by the collar of his coat. " Yousneak "cried the major. " Listen pored Mr. Murlph, " Ol, iMr. Murl?y,"said the widow, " I slhoutld not have t'ought it." ]ledt I wasn't. Il WeH comitng to speak to you, lire. O'Blrien. I wan-" "HSay it," growild the, majaer, "and I'll skicn you alive. This Icily hi, promised toI bo--lucln I " '1'lce dIIjorel)ei l nend fcnl llet her geiileleicea8, appleared. 'lice widiow dt w bh, uttLeredl a will shriek and fell t to the loor ilnn oilble. " lly the filrdl" gaccend the ucder gradulae, " its Iis ghost. " I cullc, I you, sir," raireil MIajor lluck c" What ,id tyrio wniet." " lilhid,' ciie'rvcd the now arrival, with ca biracd Alihciin brogue , "I livdly knowli. i\'h ihe elecI 'ic are yrcu'c , IIy fri ll n ,"ed' u In I rcc erill Va II icel I lit' Ilii nger 'Ti mcajeor bceccc: e iuddenly quiill wjld. c"A1e-- s il'r. Mly Icccc in lelck, ir', Ileajcr cllluk I at yelre' ervie."'' " W\ ll ien, Ml ccr IlIcii, , l 13' sor vice, cl'r ult. 'I' li in llly hoInI ; IhtL hcly litlcing theI Ici I . lil' is y wcil'f Illllacdl Iou, Alnalter lHMi phy amri dlel, ylou ? lli-tcw 1110.'" Th lcl drgrdcl'llat nhrk into orIner Ial e oi c picra hl , d. " It'H it ghnII," ha muttereul, "The na"nli IIn h g eelld l lln. "(ibl, t b n hllalted,"grolrcwled (tlt "ther, SI'l'iI Aliclck )lh'ciiun, ilcy friielnd. lIuilicic ni 1 1'ni c c ir," IIc It l l major,' "llhad bi ile,' shllecw ii )'lllr i' IiI, 'll c, o ec mlybe, I'll ha ac?fi, hlpiieg you,." At thin ii e III lnijrl', cIlrl cgllllll y ('IhIaid 'ed I frI'cc hii usIuccal martiad l l be iJg, iUIinked away. " Th* lrtiigr rised Mrs. O'Bridan'froni the floor. .. : "'Rouso up, Biddy,? ?said hio, ' Sure i'm Mick, come biick to'ye." "Oh, oh,", moaned, the lady,, ,iinaybe 'twar for lchanging nly mourning, Mtok, But I.kop' it twelve months, honey."' "Oh, bother,''growled the man. "Don't be foolish. I'm not dond, and never have boon;" ' ""Not, dead-oh, dear I" moancd lthe widow, "and thel major just'proposeod to me." "Then he'll have t 'wait," said Mr. O'Brien. "Come :i now, cheer up., I'll tell you" all about' it. Shake hands iasthler, Murphy," and i the grip with which he grasped that young gentleman's fingers at once'dispelled his 'doubts as to the materiality of the now arrival. ** * * i.: It;" ppeared that Mr. 'O'Brien, ftero winning a largo sum at'the races,had met with an old friend, a sea.captaiin, 'who in vited him aboard his ship. The ship sailed early the following morning, and while Mr., O'Brien and someo other roaring fellowsia wre still making merry,. ·I ,When they recovered themselves it was to find themselves at seaon. There was no getting back and they had to make the bhost of the disaster, and go on to London. The voyage was lengthy but very on joyablo, and when Mr. O'Brien found himself in London with a coouple of thou sand pounds in his pocket he oproceeded to enjoy himself. ; This he did with such relish that he en tirely omitted to ,communicate with his wife. ' Letter writing, indeed, was not in'his line at any timeo. Moreover hi proceeded to Ireland to seo liis'friends and 1at 6nee joined heart and soul irr the political troubles there., Arrested for riototis conduct at a pro acribed mooting, hle was sentlo prison for three months.. All these circumstances accounted for his not communicating with his wife in Australia. "An' so it was by my ould corn yo knew me, Biddy," said lie,' as AMrs. O'Brien sat on his knee with her arm around his ieck, and told lise, story. " Yes, dear." "I wondther if ould Buck has a cornl". said he, with twinkling eyes.. '" . "Arrah, whisht, Mick," said the widow. " Bad saran to ould Buck." ; " But you'd have had him, Biddy, if I had been dead." "I was mighty lonely, Mick," mur. mured Mrs. O'Brion, "and the major's a foino man, anyway." "Arralh, not ho. He's a our, Biddy, The little student is worth a dozen of him." "Poor crayturo," said Mrs. O'Brioen, "they was all after me. I couldn't help it, Mick." ".Sorra a bit, Biddy. Give me a kiss. and 1'll be a better husband to ye than I was. I missed yos bad." " ' And he kept his word, and although sometimes the thoughts of Mrs. O'Brieon turn sentimentally to iha thought b6ftho incident of the major's proposal, she hits never really regretted that her Mick re turned at that moment to dispel the illu-. sion.. 