SIR EL D. WOLFF'S GHOST STOEY. w ? 'A MYSTERIOUS SUMMONS.* (From Mvrrmis Magazine.) The following story was told me by a lady. She was the wife of a rich squire in the east of England, after whose death she married a well-known Italian. She was a ? woman of great information, though some what eccentric. She had heard the story : ?with dates and the names of persons and places. These she had forgotten, and had never been able to supply them. ; She declared, however, that she was positively assured that all the details had been verified by the French public authori ties where the events related had occurred, and that the records still existed some where, if the place could only he found. During the French Revolution, two Frenchmen of high biith, Gjunt A. and Viscount B., were despatched by the Royalist party on a mission to England. During their journey on horseback to a northern port of France, where a vessel awaited them, they were on one occasion benighted in the middle of a wide heath. Biding slowly forward they perceived a light irom what turned out to be a large and solitary chateau. After some knocking steps were heard slowly coming in the yard within, and at last the door was cautiously unlocked. A porter or care taker peered through the narrow opening and asked the reason of the knocking. ' We have lost our way and are tired and hungry. We require shelter and food for ourselves and our horses.' 'Impossible!' was the churlish reply, and the door was about to be closed, when one of the travellers intercepted it with his foot, and producing a pistol, said — ''fTe are quite ready to pay for our lodging and supper, but we cannot go further to-night. The caretaker paused for a moment, as though reflecting, and at last he said— 'I will give you shelter for the night, and food for yourselves and your beasts, on one condition, viz., that you give me your word of honor as gentlemen, which I am sure you are, that nothing will induce you to leave the room I give you, and that to-morrow at daybreak you go on your juiuiiey widuuut tLMi-iiig any questions. The promise given, the door was opened, and the horses taken to the stables, which ?were within the court. The porter then led the two travellers up a splendid stair case and through a long corridor hung with tapestry, at length turning into a large empty room furnished as a drawing-room, and evidently belonged to the dwelling of a wealthy noble. Near the door 'vras a large fireplace in which a fire soon blazed. Candles were lighted, and the ^travellers saw two large and luxurious beds, with rich heavy hang ings, one nearer than the other to the entrance. A table was placed near the fire, and before long a substantial supper was brought, the utensils supplied for the meal, and all the belongings of the house showing considerable luxury. After eating their supper the two tra vellers went to rest. The elder took the bed nearest the door, leaving the other, at some two feet off, to his companion. Logs had been placed on the fire sufficient for the night, the door was locked, and the wayfarers gladly betook themselves to sleep. About an hour after going to sleep the elder suddenly woke, starting in his bed. He could not account for this sudden waking. The room was strongly lighted . by the fire, there was no noise, and Count A. was about to lay himself once again on the pillow, when a remarkable sight met him. A man of striking appearance, with a grey beard, but dressed in the ordinary blouse, walked slowly towards the bed. WUen ne had approaeued within a tew teet he beckoned three times to the Count, as though wanting him to follow. The Count gazed at him without moving, when the hgure, bowing courteously, turned round and walked slowly away, stopping from time to time and looking back, repeating his beckoning gesture ?with an imploring gaze, till he reached the door, when he disappeared. Naturally startled at this unusual appearance, Count A. rose from his bed and walked to the door to see if it had been tampered with, but it was still locked. Very weary, he turned into his bed and once more fell asleep. About an hour later he again started in the same sudden manner. Again he saw the same figure, this time nearer hie bed. Again did it beckon to him to follow, and moving towards the door, turned with greater eagerness, and still oftener than before, to repeat tiie same motion with his hand. The hand was that of a gentleman, small and white, and with a ring on one of the fingers. .Frightened at this extraordinary ap parition, Count A. this time woke his companion and narrated what had passed, 'Nonsense,' replied the latter, 'you ate too much supper and have been awoke by a nightmare. I am really too tired to talk about it.' The nervous earnestness with which the elder traveller repeated the story, how ever, impressed the younger, until' he pro posed that -the curtains of the Count's bed should be tied to the bedclothes of his, eo that in case of a third visit be could be awakened without noise. After securely fastening the curtains of one bed to the coverings of the other, each returned to liis own couch. A +tii*w1 fimA 4-fi& Pnnnf woe iiTcralr-AmA/l in the same startling manner. The figure stood close to his bed, and the face of the visitor looked down on that of the awakened sleeper. The features of the apparition were plainly marked. They exhibited great pain and sadness. The Count grasped the hangings'. The ap parition held up. his hand. The Count jerked at his curtains, but they fell back without resistance, for the knot had be come untied. Once again the figure retreated sorrowfully, turning but seldom to beckon, as though the attempt had been given up in despair. ? It 'was now near daybreak. The Count awoke his companion, and they sat up together till morning. Shortly after dawn the caretaker, ac cording to previous agreement, knocked at the door, which the Count unlocked ?without difficulty, and the morning meal ?was brought in. The caretaker looked curiously at, the two visitors as though inclined to ask questions. He, however, did not corry out his intention. The travellers, mindful of their promise, made no remark. The horses, well groomed i and refreshed, were ready for their journey, and the two companions left the chateau, the caretaker refusing to accept any pay ment or gratuity. The two men rode away, reached their port of embarkation, and arrived safely in England. Kbt Jmany years later the elder of the two returned to Prance and accepted the new state of things. The Bonaparte ^Government offered him an administrative post in the North. This the Count ac cepted, and among the other inducements which led to his acceptance wa6 the chance of elucidating the mystery which con stantly recurred to his memory. A very short time elapsed after assuming his duties, when he made enquiries as to the chateau and its owners. The etory told him was that the chateau belonged to the Marquis de ? , a ? gentleman of great wealth and of retired lisibite. Wlien somewhat advanced in life iie liad married a girl of low extraction, but of great beauty — the daughter of the peasant who now took care of the chateau. A year or two after their marriage a half brother of the Alarquig Lad left the army and come to reside with his brother, and some months later all three disappeared from the country together, without leaving any address, the chateau being placed under the care of the father of the H&rquise;, an old gamekeeper. Tlie rapid succession of incidents in the Involution, by absorbing public interest, had prevented enquiry. The caretaker led a gloomy solitary life at the chateau, H« was jittle eeen except when he went out to make purchases; but he always appeared to ho -tvell provided with money. Arming himself with the necessary legal authority, which probably lent itself easily to the functionaries of the State, the Count prepared to investigate the mystery. He accordingly repaired to the ciiaU-au with the agents of the law, stud a ijriest weU known in the neighborhood, to whom tlie Story had been told. On arriving at the house the caretaker «ndeevored to withstand the intrusion, ?but yielding to force, the gate was opened, and 'tlie Count and the priest proceeded ? straight to the room where the incident ?had occurred. ' I think,' said the priest, ' this affair at present belongs more to me than to the Ihw. Allow nic to spend the night here alone. All I require is a lantern and a pistol. There will be force within hearing, hut I believe the mystery can be solved more eiisily by one man than by many.'' The brave old man's offer was aocepted. The Count and his attendants posted them selves in other parts of the house, keeping the caretaker with them. A fire was lighted in the large room, and the priest was left there alone with his prayer book. He had not remained long, when the figure appeared beckoning to him, and he at once rose to follow. It passed through the door, always looking from time to time to see that the priest was behind, It led the way through a long corridor, then into a room which still 'contained all the ap pearance of a lady's. In the corner was a small staircase, down which the priest descended in obedience to the summons of the apparition, It led to a small vestibule which opened into a chapel. The figure walked slowly up to the aisle, ascended the steps of the altar, then suddenly disappeared. The priest, following with his lantern, perceived after some search a brass ring on the very spot where the figure had vanished. It was evidently the handle of a trap-door, which, however, resisted all the attempts of the priest to raise it. He fired his pistol, and soon the Count and his atten dants came to his help. The door raised, a steep ladder staircase led into a vault. At the bottom of the ladder lay a human skeleton, dressed in Clot lies similar to tliofe worn by the ap parition, and with a beard still hanging to the chin, A ring was on the finger. The caretaker made little difficulty in confessing the real facts. The Count, who was a man of the kindest disposition, and had treated his half-brotherwith unwonted indulgence, had discovered that too intimate relations existed between him and his wife. Frightened at his orders to them to leave thp house, the two had murdered him as he slept in the large room, and conveyed his body along the passage through which the figure had led the priest. The caretaker was taken into confidence, and left to look after the house and property while the criminal couple had left the country and were living in Belgium under an assumed name, supplied with money by the woman's father, the caretaker, from the resources of the property to which the half-brother was the natural'heir. He and the woman were brought back to France, tried, and executed. This story was told me nearly forty years ago at Jersey during the year of the firs} Exhibition.* Though in simple language, it was related with great dramatic force, and undoubted good faith. The lady declared to me that she fully believed the story had been officially re P.nTn&.n IT! +ll*» ai*/-lllT~aC /vF enmn tniininmnl or provincial department in France. She was by birth of considerable rank, and members of her family had been in close friendship with many emigres. She pro misep to let me know if she ever heard of it again ; but I saw little of her afterwards, and she is now dead. It would be inter esting to know whether her narrative had any foundation. Someone who may have heard the tale may supply the information. 1 have neverheard it from any othersource nor read of it in any book. ' The narrator told me that those' who had first related the story were evidently believers in its truth. 