SPORTING. SPORTING GOSSIP. The prophecies of 99 per cent, of Sydney boating-men were verified on Saturday last, when the N.S.W. so-called representatives received, on the Saltwater River, an ignom- inious dressing-down at the bands of the Vic- torian eight- oar crew. When names were first pioked for a crew» four Sydney Rowing Club oarsmen-the brothers Kennedy, John- son, and Dobson-drunk with their victory last season in several races over very indiffer- ent crews, refused to row, and it was only after a deal of persuasion that they consented to toko seats. Had the four been tip-top men in an eight, it would have beon bad enough for the Association so to degrade it- self, but neither Gerald Kennedy's nor Dob son's performances and style in an eight en- title him, as a matter of course, to seats in a truly representative crew. Kennedy, last year, caught a crab which threw the whole crew out of gear, and recently Dobson, who was, absurdly enough, made stroke, repeated the performance, and caused the crew to stop rowing at what would have been a vital part of the race-had they had the ghost of a show. Nice intercolonial crews, truly, which cannot row over a course without floundering and catching crabs like a parcel of school-girls ! After all the racing that has been got through (remarks the Sydney Mail) sporting men are still at a loss on which to assign the proud titi« of " The colt of the season." The question resta entirely botween Aber- corn and The Australian Peer, andjaotwith standing that these two great rivalsmet nine times, it is still a matter of doubt and dis- cussion. They first measured strides in the A. J.C. Derby, when Abercorn won in a canter from Niagara, with The Australian Peer third, in 2min. 39Jsec. ; but the order of things was reversed in the Victorian Derby, where- in The Peer defeated his opponent, who ran a dead heat with Niagara for second place, by a length, in 2min. 40sec. At the same meeting The Peer, 7st. 51b., ran third to Dunlop and Silvermine for the fastest Melbourne Cup ever run, while Abercorn, 7st. 71b., failed to get near the front, and on the fonrth day of the meeting further proved his superiority over the chestnut by beating him cloverly for the Canterbury Plate, 2t miles, in 4min. 45sec. Their next contest was for the V.R.C. St. Leger, If miles and 132 yards, when Abercorn began to tarn the tables and beat him by three ' quarters of a length in 3.15.J-. Then carne their meeting in the A J.C. St. Leger, 1$ miles, in which they cantered, waiting Hpon each other until about five furlongs from home, when they settled down to race, and Abercoru's snper.or pace enabled hi-îi to gaL home with an advantage of a length and half in the wretchedly slow time of 3.51. On the third day, with Arsenal to holp him, The Peer avenged his St. Leger defeat by lower- ing Abercorn's colours in the Cumberland Stakes, 2 miles, by a length and a quarter, in 3min. 36£sec. Their last engagement was ou Saturday week, in the Australian Jockey ditlíí fiai«, S miles,-whefl, after a wonderful, ly exciting race, Abercorn proved that the Chesters can stay by beating the son of Darebin by "two lengths in fimin. 37èsec. Anyone who can split such form, and tell us whether the Hon. James White has a better colt than that possessed by Mr. William Gannon, or whether the latter bas a better animal than that owned by the Squire of Kirkham,- tfldst be clever indeed, and the future «fast decide which gentleman has the honour of possessing " the sol* of tho season." A very promising Tyneside sculler named Charles Gurr hos challenged Wallace Boss to row for tho Cnattpkrasfep'oí" England and ¿6200 aside, the match to cflnwf oft'oo the Tyne. Ben Bolt, who carno natue third1 is the Place Handicap at Randwick on the laet (faf of the A. J.C. meeting, was strnck out of a place by the steward« owing to the fact that on' retarding to seale, the horse was led away, taking with kim the saddle-cloth, and the rider failed Id draw the scale when Le carne to be weighed in. Tuffs' swticm cost the ownor ¿650, the amount of the third prize. Hutchens challenges the world for 390 yards. In selecting his very best distance, the Putney man shows that he is going down the hill.- A few years ago ho would have conceded a sturt to any man in the world at I all distance's" Up to a quarter of a mile. In 11881, Myers" and be iferif training together, är*9 ft was well known that the pro. could easily aefSa"* íbé' amateur at 440" yards, Hutchens' great deeft* 4t Sheffield may never be equalled. The English football team is CtWptosed of stalwart young fellows from the tfafxm* clubs in the United Kingdom, and comprises three Înîeîttrtjpnal men :-R. L. Seddon, H. Eagles, and W. ti: Thomas, of Cambridge University and Wales, all fewrards, tcgotber with the following :-J. T. Hosftf», A. Paul (Lancashire), backs ; H. C, Speakman (Ches- hire), Dr. H. Brooks (Durham), J. Andorton (Lancashire),threo-quarterbacks; W. Brum by (Laricasbiro), J. Nolan (Rochdale Hor nets), W. Burnett (Roxburgh County), half- backs ; and the following other forwards : C. Mathers (Yorkshire)', SV Williams (Lan cashire\ T. Banks (Lancashire)', A.- 3. Stuart (Yorkshire), J. P. Clowes (Yorkshire)', T. Kmt (Lancashire), A. P. Pinbeth (Isle of Man), R. Barnett (Roxburgh County), A. J. Laing (Roxburgh County), and last, but by no means least, Dr. J. Smith, the famous Scotch International Association player, who has ooma out as umpire, but will, now and then, threw some of that 15 stone of his into the " bully " for A Charge. Tom Hales, Australia's promier jockey, and Adam Lindsay Gordon were once together on a station in Sonth Australia, the former as a Btockrider : the poet os a borsebreaker. The Marquis of Ailesbury, who last year was warned off the English turf, has ap- pealed to the Joekey Club for the removal of his disqualification. A regatta took place on the Upper Yarra lately, confined to amateur oarsmen not manual labourers. The Albert Park and Banks Club rowed a splendid race for the Senior Fours, the -former coming in first, bnt having taken the wrong, side of the bury, the race was awarded to the' Banks. At the presentation of prizes in the evening both crews refused to accept the prize, the Banks for the reason that they had been defeated on their merita, and the Parks because thsy had fairly lost by breaking a rule. VICTORIAN F.C. v UNION F.C. The Association matches for the season will be commenced thie afternoon, when the above clubs try conclusion on the Park at Fremantle. The Rt. Hon. Joseph Chamberlain has re- ceived from Her Majesty the Queoa, a direct and most gratifying recognition of his recent eminent services in connection with the Fisheries Treaty. It consists of a photo- graph portrait of Her Majesty, bearing in her own hand-writing the inscription :-" To the Rt. Hon. J. Chamberlain on his return from Washington. Mr. Pritchard-Morgan, of the Welsh Gold Mines, announces that he had cleared up the work of the past fortnight at his Gwynfynydd gold mine, with the result that 628 ounces 7 grains of smelted gold have been realised from 334 tons of crushed quartz, making an average of nearly two ounces of gold per ton. The gold newly extracted is valued at up- wards of £2,000, and will be despatched to London at once. This is the largest amount which has been crushed since the mine was opened. The miners work in shifts night and day. Electric lighting apparatus is now in course of erection at the mine. 