THE NOVELIST. A MINER'S MILLION. BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author of "Carchester's Vengeance," "For Love and Gold," "A Poor Man's Tragedy," &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XIV. IN THE OLD LIBRARY. Leaving his cousin's room, Walter met one of the men-servants whom he ordered to awake him in time to catch the first train from Aldayne to Torleigh. It was well that Walter thought of this, for he was sound asleep, and would have missed the early train had not the servant called him, arousing him from a strangely mixed up dream, in which his cousin, Lady Ruth, and Alice Wilson per- formed all sorts of fantastic actions. Hastily dressing, Walter glanced into Wil- son's room, when the nurse cautioned him to be quiet, as her charge was asleep. "I will not wake him," said Walter. "A good sleep will do him good. When he wakes you can say I looked in before leaving." Then he donned his overcoat, for the morn- ing was chilly, and set out for the station, and twenty minutes brisk walking took him to it just as the train rolled up to the plat- form. It was near nine when Walter Gray arrived at Torleigh. He at once hastened in the direction of the school, and he met Alice Wilson going to her duties. "Good morning, Mr. Gray, you look tired and agitated. There is nothing the matter, I hope," she said. "But there is something the matter, Alice, and you agreed to drop the Mr. when we were alone, didn't you." "I forgot. But is there anything wrong at the collieries." "No, nor anywhere else." "But you said there was something the matter, didn't you?" "Yes, but I didn't say there was anything wrong. The matter I alluded to has reference to yourself, Alice." "To me, Walter?" "Yes, to you. I suppose you still adhere to your resolve to make me wait a year?" "Yes, but you know my reasons, dear," she said, looking at him with apprehensive eyes, as though she feared that he was about to de- clare he would not wait a year for her. "And you allege as your reason the mys- tery surrounding your birth." "Yes, that is the reason." "But supposing that I had discovered your father, what then?" "If he were my mother's husband I would marry you to-morrow. But, Walter, you have not discovered anything relating to my father, have you?" "I believe that I have. Yesterday after- noon I was called to the bedside of a man who believed himself dying. He told me a story corresponding with the one you told me. He had met a beautiful country girl in Derbyshire; he had induced her to elope with him; they were married in Yorkshire; he left her a few months after their marriage to go to his parents, taking with him their marriage-lines and her portrait, just as you related. There is not the slightest doubt about him being your father." "But are you sure that they were married? Did he tell you the village where the wedding took place?" "He had forgotten the name----" "Ah; I thought as much," said she, with much bitterness. "But he told me where to find the cer- tificate and the portrait. They are both in my house at present." "In your house, Walter?" "Yes—at least, he said I should find them there." "Who is he?" "He is my cousin, old Jacob Gray's son, of whom you have doubtless heard often enough since you came to the village." "Yes, I have heard of both father and son. But my father's name was Robert Wilson—at least that was the name he gave himself." "And my cousin told me that he married in that name. His wife's maiden name was Alice Mayburne." "That was my mother's name." "That sets all doubt at rest, then. You must go with me, and we will see if we can find the certificate and portrait—and you have also your parents' portraits?" "Yes I have them at home in my box. I have not had courage enough to look at them since my mother died." They were now beside Walter's residence, and entering, they at once make for the library, which looked very dreary and solemn of aspect when they entered. The library floor was coated with dust, and it had never been used since Jacob Gray's death. The room was much too large for Walter, who had not been in the chamber since the memorable occasion when he had fetched the first will his uncle had drawn up. As Walter entered he glanced towards the wall on which the bookcase had stood, and a look of dismay filled his eyes. The bookcase and books were not there. When and where had they gone? "Both case and books are gone," gasped Walter, turning his surprised face to Alice. "Perhaps Mrs. Johnson has removed them," she suggested. "Possibly, but it's strange she never asked me for permission to do so. We'll soon see what she has done with them." They left the musty place together, and went to the kitchen, where the housekeeper, Mrs. Johnson, was getting some breakfast ready for her master. "It'll be ready in a minute, Mr. Gray, shall I poach your eggs, or will----?" "Just as you please—but where have you put the old bookcase and the books that were in it?" "Old bookcase and books, Mr. Gray?" she queried, turning away from her culinary operations and facing her master. "Yes, where are they?" "I don't know what you mean? Your bookcase is right in your room, and so is the books, leastways I saw 'em there a bit since." "I don't mean my case and books, but the old case and books which were in the room called the library." "You must be mistook, sir. There never was any there, leastways, not while I've been here. That I do know?" she said emphati- cally. "Not there when you came, Mrs. John- son?" Walter cried in astonished tones. "Are you quite sure of that?" "Sartin, sir, quite sartin. I was in ev'ry room the first day I came here, an' there was no case or books in any room but yours. I am sartin of what I say. "Then where can they be? What can have become of them? How irritating this is," Walter cried, turning to Alice, who stood silent beside him. She regretted the loss of the books and case much more than it was possible for him to do. She had been build- ing great expectations on the marriage lines she expected to find in some of the old books belonging formerly to Jacob Gray, and now, neither the volumes nor the certificate were to be found. "Who was your housekeeper before Mrs. Johnson came here?" Alice asked. "Old Nanny Jones, as she was called. She got too old to manage the work, and then Mrs. Johnson came. We'll go to old Nanny at once; she lives somewhere in the town. Perhaps she may know something of the books." "Just what I was thinking when I spoke of your former housekeeper. Whereabouts in Torleigh does she live?" "Somewhere near the Wesleyan Chapel, anyone will tell us where old Nanny lives. Let us lose no time in finding her." "I heard them say as old Nanny Jones was very badly," said Mrs. Johnson, as her master and his sweetheart were turning to leave; "and wasn't expected to get better. P'raps she'll be better again now." Walter and Alice exchanged a quick glance of dismay. Each understood how much de- pended on the ailing woman. It seemed that she alone knew where the books had gone to, and if she were unable to tell them, they knew not where to look for them. "Don't give up yet, dear," Walter said tenderly, "all will turn out right yet. Old Nanny has very likely stowed the books away somewhere thinking they were useless, because no one ever read them." "But if she does not know where they are, what then? The marriage certificate and por- trait will not be found, and my life will never be quite as bright as other girls are, whose fathers and mothers were married." "I thought we agreed never to return to this subject. I care not whom your father may have been, and I could not love and res- pect you more if he were King of England." His brave words cheered her heart, and the pressure of his strong hand brought the glad colour to her pale face, making it surpassingly beautiful. She rewarded him with a loving look of her big black eyes. The very first wayfarer in the vicinity of the Wesleyan Chapel pointed out the house where old Nanny Jones resided with her daughter, a respectable woman, the mother of a large family, whose husband worked as a tunneller in one of Walter's pits. Knocking at the door shown they were surprised to find themselves confronted by his old housekeeper in person. Old Nanny Jones, for she was thus known by all the older Torleigh folk, was a plump, good-looking old woman of 55 or 60; a cleanly, good- natured, hard-working woman, who had struggled bravely to bring up a large family, one or two of whom had been good for nothing. "Why, Peg," said old Nanny, addressing her daughter, it's Mester Gray. Cum in an' yo' too Miss an' sit deawn. Ahm gradely fain to see yo'." "I am glad to see you all right again, Nanny. We heard that yon were very ill, but you seem as right as ever." "Ahm aw reet Mester, thank yo'. Oud Nan u'll see monny o lot whoam yet. Was yo' wantin' to see eawr Jem abeawt that theer tunnel yo' wan't drivin'?" "No. I came purposely to speak to you. You remember the books which were in my uncle's library! I have heard you grumble many a time about the dust they collected." "An' so they did. I remember 'em well enuff, Mester," she said sinking into a chair. "They are not in the library now, Nanny, do you know what has become of them?" "Wot's come on 'em!" the old woman stammered growing red in the face, and try- ing to hide her confusion, which Walter was quick to notice. "Heaw should I know that?" "I care nothing about the books them- selves," Walter said, "but there is something in one of them that I must find, no matter what it costs me. If you do not know I must employ a detective to find out where they have gone, and how they went." Nanny's behaviour had aroused Walter's suspicions, and his last words had the effect of making the old woman look uneasy. After trying to look Walter in the face she failed miserably, and began to sob behind her apron. "If you know where the books are, tell me. I don't care whether you have sold them or given them away so that I can get them back. Only tell me at once if you know where they are." Then Alice went to Nanny's side and ten- derly exhorted her to tell where the books were, for that she knew was apparent. After a little persuasion Nanny ceased to cry, dropped her apron, and told what she knew of the books. It appeared that soon after Walter left Torleigh to reside at Aldayne Priory, one of Nanny's sons, a lazy vagabond, had got into some trouble, and so went to his mother, who was still living in the house which her young master had deserted for a grander abode. Jack Jones wanted money to get away to America; he frightened his poor old mother by saying the police were after him, and when he got to know that Walter Gray had gone to live for good in Yorkshire he saw his way clear to some money. He pressed his mother to sell something belonging to her master, pointing out that very probably Walter would never enter the house again, and at last Nanny gave way and the books and bookcase were sold to some one in Liver- pool. Two or three weeks after Jack Jones sailed to America, being still there. "So the books are in Liverpool—or were there?" said Walter, "Do you remember the man's name who bought them?" "Ah don't know his name, but he lives somewheer neart Museum. Yo' connot miss t'place." In half an hour Walter was speeding towards Liverpool, and ten minutes after reaching Lime-street Station he was standing in the old second-hand book shop which lies just between the Derby Museum and Scot- land-road. He knew the place at once when Nanny Jones mentioned it, and he marched straight to the shop. The proprietor of the old book store was a little skinny old man with bright black eyes, and the tones of his voice were sweet and low as a woman's, though he was as old as some of the rusty well-bound tomes on his well-filled shelves. Walter was in a hurry so went right to the matter at once. "You bought some books a few months ago from a person at Torleigh, I think. Do you remember it?" "Will tell you in a minute," the little man piped pleasantly as a lark singing. "Buy so many that I can't remember all I buy, but I've some idea of getting some books at a place of that name. Are there plenty of coal pits at Torleigh?" "Half-a-dozen or so all close to the town," Walter replied. "It's the place then, but I'll tell you for certain in a minute." He hobbled to the farther end of the long shop, getting with some difficulty through the piles of books and magazines which littered the floor. Walter watched him into a little den, and in a few minutes he returned bearing in his hands a ledger. "Well," said Walter impatiently, "did you buy them?" "Yes. Here is the entry of the purchase. 'Bought of Mr. Walter Gray on twenty- fourth of March, 1872, one lot of books,' for which I paid----" "I don't want to know what you paid for them. Have you got them still?" "Most of them, and think I shall have for a long time; they were only a poor lot." "Did you find anything inside any of the books?" Walter asked. "Yes, I did," the old fellow replied, his black eyes twinkling mischieviously; "Ha, ha, I see now what you are after—an old love letter, eh? I kept it, and you can have it. I haven't had time to look through all of them yet." "'Tis not a love letter I'm seeking, though I should like to look at it. There were a few large volumes in the lot; have you got them still?" "Every one but a fine copy of 'Fox's Book of Martyrs.' I sold it to Mr. Holden, one of our town councillors." Walter rummaged through the remaining books, not a few of which he recognised as early acquaintances, but he could not find what he was seeking. Then he remembered Wilson saying the marriage certificate and portrait were in a large volume with clasps. "Had the volume that you sold Mr. Holden clasps to it?" "Yes, and fine massive ones they are, too." "Where does this Mr. Holden live?" "At Gladstone Villa, West Derby—good morning, if you're off." There were plenty of cabs close by, and hailing the nearest, Walter jumped in and told the cabby where to take him. In half an hour he was ringing the bell at Gladstone Villa, and he was so fortunate as to catch the town councillor at home. Mr. Jonathan Holden was a big, red-faced, sandy-bearded man, very farmer-like and pleasant-looking. Walter liked his looks, and spoke out:-- "I believe you have lately purchased an old copy of 'Fox's Book of Martyrs' which once belonged to my uncle—perhaps you knew him, Jacob Gray, of Torleigh. I believe the book contains a marriage certifi- cate and a portrait, which are of great value to me." "Quite true; I bought the book, but haven't had time to look through it yet. I'll fetch it, and if there's anything in it you are welcome to what there may be. I will not be an instant." He was back again quickly, bearing in his hands a stout old volume, with heavy brass clasps, which seemed familiar to Walter. The book was handed to the young man, who was trembling with excitement; he undid the clasp, shook the volume, and there tumbled on to the floor an old envelope. Seizing it, he turned out its contents, and discovered a marriage certificate and portrait. A hurried look at the picture revealed the face of his sweetheart, Alice Wilson; the same fair skin, perfect features, deep black eyes and eyebrows. Then Walter turned to the gentleman beside him, saying:— "I have no time to explain matters now, Mr. Holden. Here is my card. Some day I will tell you more. Permit me to thank you heartily for your kindness, and wish you good morning." "Good morning, Mr. Gray," the other replied, "I am glad to render you a service--- good morning." Walter was out of the villa and entering the cab almost before the other had ceased speaking. He told the cabman to drive quickly to Lime-street Station, caught a train there soon after, and was soon back again in Torleigh. Then with glad eyes he hastened home where he had bade Alice await his return, and even as he raised the knocker the door opened, his love confronted him with expectant face, and he placed the portrait in her hands without a word. "It is my mother! It is my mother!" she cried, kissing the picture, and letting big tears drop on it. "A week since I should have said it was you, darling. How you resemble each other? Come in." "Yes; but let me see the certificate, Walter. Let me satisfy myself that mother was an honest woman, and that I have no reason to blush on her account or my own." He handed the paper to her and she scanned it attentively. "Yes, yes, it is all right, and I always doubted my mother. How much she must have suffered God alone knows." "We must lose no time, Alice. Your father is dangerously ill and is eager to see you. We will go for the locket containing the portraits, and then set off at once for Al- dayne Priory. I promised my cousin to bring you back with me." "Does my—my father live at at Aldayne Priory?" "Yes. You are a great heiress now, and you will be jilting me, I suppose?" "Isn't Aldayne Priory in Yorkshire?" "Yes, and it is a very beautiful place." "You remember me asking you for a few days leave to visit a friend of mine who was going to America? She lived at Al- dayne." Yes. I remember." "Well, a remarkable thing occurred during my visit there—at least, it seemed very singular to me." "Indeed, what was it?" "On reaching Aldayne railway station I found that I was nearly a mile and a half from the village. I asked the way, and was shown across the fields. I went on right enough till I came to two paths leading out of the one I was in. Not knowing which to take I paused, and glancing around saw a man seated behind a hedge a few yards from where I stood. He had not noticed my approach and stoppage beside him. His head was sunk upon his knees as though he were asleep or deeply reflecting. I was about to ask him which of the two paths led to the village when he looked up, and seeing me standing quietly beside him appeared greatly startled. Before I could speak a word he jumped excitedly to his feet, and gazing upon me with strange wild eyes uttered my own christian name, and then fell senseless to the ground. A strange thing, wasn't it?" "It wasn't so strange as you think it. Poor Wilson mistook you for your mother, and you resemble her portrait so nearly that it was no wonder he did so." "It was my father, then, that I frightened, Walter?" "Yes; he thought that you were his first wife's ghost. That was the origin of his present illness. The shock turned his brain?" "His first wife! Why, is my father mar- ried again?" "Yes, he is married again, and his wife has a son. But his second wife is his wife in fancy only, for he married her while your mother was alive." "I suppose that my father's second wife did not know that he had been married before, and that his first wife was then living?" "Certainly not!" "And if I go to the Priory she will learn that she is a dishonoured woman, and that her child is illegitimate?" "She will become aware of her real posi- tion, that is all." "Then I will not go. I am satisfied to know that my mother was an honest woman, and that I have no reason to be ashamed of my birth, and my appearance in my father's house would only bring misery and shame upon this woman and her child." "But you most go, Alice! Your father is dying, and, surely, you will not refuse to see him now! Give him a chance of making some atonement for the past." "But the amends my father intends to make is to be made at the cost of his second wife and child. To make restitution to me others are to be sacrificed, 'Twere as well to let the old wrongs remain unrighted as to perpetrate fresh wrongs." "Have some pity on your father—think how he longs to see you. At least go and see him, Alice." "I will go to him, but I do not pretend to understand the love that has lain dormant for so many years. I will go to the Priory, but my identity must be kept unknown to all but my father. I will not injure this woman and her son." They were now beside the house in which Alice lived. They went in together, and when she fetched the locket the portraits it contained only afforded further proof of Alice Wilson's identity, as Walter had expected. The locket proved beyond all question the problem of Alice Wilson's paternal relative, for the male portrait it held was that of Wilson Gray, and the other likeness tallied exactly with the one found in "The Book of Martyrs." Having procured all that was necessary, Walter, accompanied by Alice, at once set out for Aldayne Priory. Walter was far from being satisfied with Alice's decision to retain her incognito at the Priory, and to permit Lady Ruth to believe herself the wife of Wilson Gray, and he de- termined to enlighten her as to her ladyship's real character. "I suppose, Alice," he began, "that you know that the large fortune now possessed by your father once belonged to me. You will have learned so much from the Torleigh gossips." "Indeed, I never heard a word about it. I have only heard vague allusions to Jacob Gray and to his wild son. I haven't been in Torleigh long, you know. But how was it that the property changed hands, Walter?" "I will tell you. When my uncle Jacob died he left the bulk of his fortune to your father—whose whereabouts were then un- known—provided that he turned up in five years. But he did not turn up, and the property became mine." "And he came back after, I suppose, and you gave it up to him?" "Exactly. Well, at the time I held the property I was engaged to a beautiful, high- born woman. When your father appeared I gave him his own, and when I told my affianced of what I had done, she ridiculed me for doing so. She said that I was not just, but Quixotic. I was mad, she averred, to hand over such a great fortune to a drunk- ard, a gambler, and so forth, and, finally, she jilted me." "Poor fellow. But you soon got over your erotic troubles it appears." "I know now, Alice, that I never loved her, and it appeared that she didn't care about me, for in a few months afterwards she married a rich man, who was old enough to be her father." "Who was she?" "A Lady Ruth Gordan, and the man she married was your father, to whom I had given up a fortune." "What! after jilting you and calling him drunkard and gambler?" "Yes. What do you think of her. And this is the heartless woman for whom you are thinking of doing injustice to yourself rather than injure her fair fame." "I do not think much of her ladyship, certainly. Still, it is certain that she would never have married my father had she known that he had been married before and that his first wife was still alive at the time." "What you sav may possibly be true, but it makes Ruth Gordan—for that is what she really is—no better woman. She married your father from the vilest of motives—a mercenary one—and she deserves whatever dishonour and discomfort her notions may bring upon her. Don't you think that she does, Alice?" "Perhaps? are you not quite sure after what I have told you?" "I think, dear that you are a little bit prejudiced against Ruth Gordan, as you persist in calling her." "Why do you think so?" "Because she jilted you," she said with a merry laugh. "But, Alice, do you still adhere to your resolve to go to the Priory and after seeing your father come away without letting Lady Ruth know her real position and your own also?" "After what you have told me I do not see that her ladyship deserves that I should practise any self-denial on her behalf. What do you think, dear?" "Certainly not, Alice. That is what I have argued all along." "Then, I shall remain at the Priory if my father desires that I should do so, and claim my right to be considered my father's daughter. I cannot say that I feel very sorry for the woman with whom my father committed bigamy, for she seems to be a heartless woman of the world, but I pity her child, for the poor little thing is quite blameless, and it will have to suffer for the folly of its parents." "I am glad that you have come to that con- clusion, for even if you had remained firm in your resolve to let Lady Ruth still think herself your father's first and only wife it would have been of little avail." "How do you make that out, Walter? Do you think that my father would have told all the facts of the case to her ladyship? I hardly think that he would have done so when he learned that I did not desire to be known to the world as his daughter." "Most probably your father would have been guided by your wishes in the matter, Alice." "How, then, would my wish to spare her ladyship have been useless?" "Because I would have related all I knew to her, and I would have made the world acquainted with all the ins and outs of the case. So you see that your mercifulness would have been thrown away." "You hate this woman, and I thought you incapable of aught save love." "I will not spare her, Alice. Such women as Lady Ruth spare no one and themselves deserve no mercy—here we are at last," he added as a rusty-throated porter shouted: "Aldin! Aldin!" and the train came to a stop. 