TEE debate on the ameodment on the Budget proposals moved by Mr Monro, still occupies the Legislative Assembly to tbe exclusion of alL other business, and meaawiiile the Legislative Council is unable to do anything. To a certain extent the debate in the Legislative Assembly hag not been useless, bnt nidi the certainty that the amendment will be defeated, the adjournment o£ the Legislative Council represents just so much tim« lost. Parliament has entered on its third month of session and absolutely nothing has been done beyond demonstrating the ' power of tiie Opposition to waste time and delay legtsl&tien.; Perhaps in the course of a week or so the want of confidence* debate will hare ended and as theend of the session approaches measures will be hurriedly passed, and "the Legislative Council will be afforded an opportunity of carrying out tbe threat resently expressed by the Hon. N. ^Fitzgerald, to refuse to deal with measures unless there be sufficient time to consider them thoroughly in all their bearings. Probably many bills will be lost in this way, and the Opposition will doubtless avail themselves of the. occasion to point out to the country how little the Coalition Ministry has done- . It will be better that measures should fail to find a place in the statute book than that they should be passed only that afterwards bleniuhes should be discovered requiring fresh legislation 'to remedy them. The whole responsibility,however, rests wi& the Opposition, \- "who." Lave frequently wanted valuable iame. Ił is understood that the Government snpporters who hare c- not yet addressed themselves to the e, Monro amendment, are prepared to waive their right to «pea&,: bnt that thongh lb tfniB) Im i^ned to<ckn> the debate ito'-mght, quite a nomber of Gppieition members decline to be bound by the arrangement. Further talk can' only rvsult fn waste time, Xhoogh iBTeiy member who hv not yet spoken should state his views and arguments, the position could not be altered. No new light can. be thrown on tiie question, and no converts are to be made. The fate of the amendment is as certain as if the debate were to be continued to the end of the session. We npheld, and we still uphold farmers in their demand for concessions to which they are entitled, acd there can be no doubt that the Government hare been driven to afford them theopportnnity of obtaining what they want. If by accident the Mnnro amendment shonld be carried the farmers would be as far oS as ever from attaining their desires.- A change of Government would followasamatter ot coniequenee, unless the present Government appealed at once to the country The Opposition cannot form a Ministry that would have a ghost of a of doing anything for the farmers or any other interest- Those members who are in earnest on behalf of the farmers will be tound voting with the Government when the time for taking the division comes. If Mr Monro is wise he will withdraw his amendment, now that the Government have bound themselves to accept whatever decision the House may arrive at in committee. If he persevere, there will need no additional proof that he and his co-workers are only storming the Treasury benches, and are not anxious to relieve the necessities of the farmers. One member who spoke at the close of last week, remarked that never before had there been in, the House so many expressions of sympathy with the farmers. It is satisfactory to note that this most important interest is securing the consideration it is entitled to, but on the other hand those who are endeavoring to oast the Ministry are so inconsistent with their pretensions, that they cannot be regarded as other than protesting too much. A GAS PLAOUE. — The coal strike compels the Gaa Gommittee to adopt means to make the stock of ooal last as long as possible, but the character of the lighting medium is as bad as it well can be. Ou Wednesday night the stench in our composing room, shortly after the gas was lit, was almost unbearable, and brought about a severe headache in every one employed in the room. On Friday night there waa a repetition of tbe experience. . Sunday night will not be readily forgotten by those who attended service at the Wesleyan Church. All the burners in the church were in nae, and tbe gas flame was at the ordinary height. By the time that the opening hymn and prayer d. had been got through, the building appeared full of thin smoke, and presently a nauseous smell was experienced, which rapidly became more intense. Presently coughing and sneezing was almost general, and to this accompaniment the lesson was read. The officers lowered the gas and opened the ventilators in the windows, only with the result that the smell was condensed and-precipitated upon the congregation. The coughing and sneezing became louder and more frequent, but the hymn following the lesson was got through by the choir, who alone, with the organ, appeared unaffected. By this time the seats in the schoolroom had been arranged, and the Rev. Mr Moore, who was conducting the service, requested the congregation to adjourn there for the sermon. Some were suffering too much te remain, bat the majority repaired to the school, where the service was concluded. The air there was uncon Laminated at first, bat by the time the sermon was concluded, it was rapidly becoming as bad as the air in the church. Oiving to the condition of things the Communion Service had to be postponed till next Sunday. Similar experiences attended the congregations at the other churches, though not nearly to the same degree that befel the Wesleyan congregation. The explanation is that kerosene shale has been used to manufacture gas, in conjunction with coal, and the gasworks •>eople had used rather too much of it. proportion of shale is to be reduced in the fńture. A BUTCHER'S CAST DF TROUBLE.— Baring the past week horses appear to have developed a mania for bolting. Only in one instance however was any damage done and that was early on Saturday morning, the bolter being the property of Mr S. Moms, butcher, of Piper Street. The boy in charge of the horse and cart called at Mr J. G- Da vies' residence, Jennings Street, and before going into the house took the precaution to lock one of the wheels. While the boy was engaged the horse bolted and got ou the footpath. After passing Mr Harrington's the horse took the road, and the sudden descent from the kerbstone to the gutter caused the strap which held the wheel to snap. Thus set at liberty the runaway galloped up the hill, and turned into Moliison Street round the post-office comer. The animal formerly belonged to Mr Barrows, and taking a hasty glance at the Shamrock Hotel it pursued its way towards Piper Street. Opposite Messrs fioyles' shops some one essayed to capture the bolter but only succeeded in turning l"" 1 on to the footpath, along which he passed at railway speed. Near Mrs Barbour's there is a telephone poBt and the near wheel collided with this, the box tearing its way through that part of tbe post which obstructed progress. So violent was the collision that the wheels, axle, and springs were torn away from the body of the cart. The axle waa doubled up and the springs were resolved into disconnected plates. The horse was not disconcerted by this experience but continned his career into Piper Street, dogging the body of the cart behind him, and opposite Mr Brown's mill the runaway was arrested, and detached from its encumbrance, which was eventually removed for repairs. KA'NETON AGBICCLTC&AL; ASSOCIATION. —An adjourned meeting of tbe committee of this society was to have been held on Saturday next, for tbe purpose of completing the compilation of the prize list for the coming show. The shire council has, however, adjourned till Saturday next, and die meeting of the agricultural committee been further adjourned till 10 a.m. on Thursday, the I3th inst. It IB hoped that tbe list may be finally dealt with then The horse parade is to be held at ]_30 p.m., on the same day. TEE MXUTIA.—Surgeon Beid, 4th Battalion Victorian Rifles will attend at Kyneton to-morrow to examine all candidates for positions in the militia force. The enrolment -and mftfiiad examination will be held at' tbe Mechanics" Institute, commencing jtt 2 o'clock,; p.m., and-aH young men wishing to join the force are requested to attend as eoon aa possible after that Jurar. The. examination will beeonchided at 6.80 p.m. ;' treasurer ja[ tbe Kyneton Hospital dęsirw "to- acknowledge witb tbanks tbe receipt of a <&eque; fdr £6, a donation from tbe Hon. >W; A. .,-Zaal, to A CURE FOR SCIAUCA.—A strange | story, — —relating 1 "" to - die • novel * —and J instantaneous cara uf an old standing and painful disease, comes to the Ararat Advertiser on oynollonf. authority. Some few years ago a gentleman resident in Melbourne, who had been suffering from acute sciatica for a leagthened period, came to visit some friends in that neighbourhood, in the hope that a change of air and scenery would restore to him his health. After several weeks' residence in the country, he, however, found himself atill almost a cripple with the disease, and he could only move about with difficulty on crutches; but one bright day he managed tn make his way .to tbe sheep dip, some distance from the house, where the men were engaged dipping. He stood at the edge of pit, and, though warned that the boards were slippy, he endeavored to pasha refractory sheep in with his crutch, when his feet slipped, and he plunged into the pit, being entirely " submerged in the solution of sulphur and tobacco. As soon as h came sputtering to the surface he scrambled up the outlet race, and, to the surprise of everyone, scorned assistance, and vaulting the 'sheep hurdles he shouted with delight that his involuntary bath had completely cured him. We are informed t-ba* though a considerable time has elapsed, no return of the complaint haa been experienced, so that the cure appears to be u radical as it was instantaneous." MJETCAUESHIBE COCTNCIL AND THE PRO- POSED KVSEIOS' BESEVOUEHI A S T L O L — At the meeting of this council yesterday a letter was read from the Kynetonshire Council drawing attention to the proposed benevolent asylum for Kyneton, and asking for the appointment of a delegate to a conference of local bodies, to be held at Kyneton on the 19th inst. The letter stated that it was anticipated that the neighboring municipalities would contribute towards the erection and maintenance of the institution. Cr Hewitt proposed to appoint the president (Cr Hodge J as delegate without any instructions. He might bear the views of the prime movers and report to next meeting. The president was willing to act, but thought the council shonld express an opinion on the zia.tter, otherwise he would be like dummy at the conference. He thought he should be instructed. Cr Hamilton did not appear to view the matter favorably. He said the Castlemaine Asylum had treated the council very well, and he did not think it fair to withdraw a portion of their support from that institution and give it to Kyneton. Crs M'Auliife and Uorey strongly supported the proposed asylum. Cr Dargan also favored the idea, but said he would like to know more about it before agreeing to anything definite. Cr Dunbar agreed with Cr M'Aaliffe, while Cr Hewitt thought the project would never be carried into effect Cr Lang had no objection to the council contributing towards the proposed asylum, even if the grant to the Castlemaine institution were reduced, but he would strongly oppose any increase of the charitable vote. He also remarked that the council got more than the worth of their money from the Castlemaine asylum. The president said from what he had had heard he could pretty well guage the opinion of the council, and he would represent them to the best of his ability. He was theaappointed delegate. BANS CHANGE.—Mr Hubert M'Kenna, son of Mr &L; M'Kenna, J.P.,who for some months past has held the post of exchange clerk in the local branch of the Colonial Bank, has been promoted to a higher position in the Dandenong branch. He leaves for that place this morning. Gi.Eii-i.Yosr LiCEysiirG DISTRICT.—This district, with others, has been removed from the control of Inspector Parkinson, and will for the future be under the supervision of Superintendent Palmer. IIASDS NOTIFICATIONS. — Applications for leases approved: Joseph Braithwate, 159a 3r 32p, Cobaw, W. O'Sallivau, 144a Or lip, Langwomor.—Application for 119 section license approved; No 14600, Timothy Murphy, 6a, Baynton. TBE COAE- MXNEKS' STRIKE still continues with no prospect of immediate settlement of the dispute between tbe miners and mine-owners. The effects of the strike are being severely felt in Melbourne. Up to Saturday last 565 Melbourne ^workmen had been thrown out of work in consequence of the failure of the supply of coal. Over 2,000 other operatives are likely to be thrown out of employment in consequence of the strike. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.—The Australian Journal for September ; folly up to the high standard observed in connection with this publication.—J. J. Miller's Sporting Pamphlet, replete with turf in formation in a handy form ; contains the rales governing miscellaneous games.— The Report of tbe Council of Agricultural Education for the years 1884 to 1887. This contains a large amount of valuable information to fanners and intending students at the* Dookie Agricultural College. KYNETON RIDING BOARD OF ADVICE.— The Government Gazette of Friday las announces that Mr JameB Johnston has been appointed a member of Board of Advice No. 169, for tbe Kyneton Riding of tbe shire of Kyneton. At the election last month there were only two nominations, while there were three vacancies. The third vacancy has been filled up as announced.' VINEYARD STATISTICS.—The statistics having reference to the culture of the grape have been issued by the Government Statist. In Kynetonshire there were 2 growers who cultivated 3a. The produce was 63 cwt of grapes. 54 cwt were made into wine, producing 400 gallons, and 9 cwt were used as fruit. In Mefccalfeśhire there were 5 growers, cultivating 18a, the joint crops weighing .255 cwt. Of this 153 cwt was converted into wine, yielding 960 gallons. The balance, 102 cwt, was not so treated. TBE NOETH-CESTRAL PROVINCE ELEC- TION.—At Castlemaine on Friday after Mr W. A. Zeal had formally been declared elected he invited those who were present to the Cumberland Hotel, where several toasts were proposed and responded to. In consideration of his being returned without opposition, Mr Zeal has handed over a cheque for £515s, to be distributed as follows:—Castlemaine—Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, £5 each; Mayor's poor box, £2 ; Ladies' Benevolent committee, £3- Kyneton — Hospital, £5; Agricultural Society, £5 Ss; Ladies' Benevolent comfflittee, £3; poor box, £2. DaylesfoSVr Hospital, £S ; poor box, £2. - Maldon —Hospital, £5 ; poor box, £2. -. Heath note—Hospital, £5; poor bov, £2. UPPER MACEDOK : WATERWORKS TRUST. —The Goremor-in-Council haa approved ofa regulation made by this body imposing a water rate of one shilling in Ahe £ on the ratable property in the district, for the current year ending on tbe.31st December. The rate is payable by one .instalment, which became due on Saturday last, tbe lst inst. Water supplied by measurement, will be charged for at the nh» rf łyi Aillmpfgtfinmmii pHnn«, unless pome other price be qwcully agreed upon. Tbe .committee of tbe Tidies' Benevolent Society acknowledge w&Ł thanks* donationof £3 from the HOIL W, Mf, |Mf MJLC, THE SOUTHERN PROVINCE ELECTION.— By advertisement appearing elsewhere. Sir W. J. Clarka returns thanks to the electors of the Southern Province for having re-elected him without opposition. Sir William promises, and that he will fulfil is certain, that it will be his utmost endeavor, both in and out of Parliament, by especial attention to his constituents' interests, as well as to those of tbe colony generally, to maintain the friendly relationship which already exists between -not only his immediate constituents, bat the colony as a whole, and himself. M R EWING'S FAIR D A V SALE.—Mr E wring announces that he will sell at the fair yards, on Thursday, over 2000 sheep of various descriptions; a lot of usefol young cattle, and two Alderney bulls. A FOREST GIANT. —The first sections of the giant blackbutt tree, from Messrs Willis Bros.' estate, Menzie's Creek, were trucked at Nam Warren on Thursday. The forest monarch stood on the borders of Mornington and Evelyn e counties, on the summit of the dividing range, and measured about 400 feet in height and 80 feet in circumference. It is intended to erect it in - the Exhibition ground, and there is no doabt it will prove an interesting exhibit. The monster grew in tbe county of Mornington, and when felled dropped into the county of Evelyn. THE SUPREME COCRT DECISION ON TPI CHINESB QUESTION.—The decision of the of the Supreme Court in the action of Ah Toy v. . Musgrove was given yesterday. The plaintiff, one of the Chinese passengers by the steamer Afghan Baed the defendant, the Collector of Customs, for not being allowed to land in Victoria. The judgment of the Full Court was for plaintiff with damages, if any, to be assessed, and coats. From this decision, however, tbe Chief Justice and Mr Justice Kerferd dissented. The Chief Justice was in favor of the defendant upon the questions of law raised in the pleadings, which constituted, in his opinion, a good defence to the action on its merits. He was consequently of opinion that judgment ought to be entered for the defendant, with costs. ACCIDENTS AT THE NATIONAL SOCIETY'S SHOW,—During the hunters' trials at the National Society's show on Saturday two accidents occurred, fortunately unaccompanied by any serious consequences. The first occurred in the trial of >l r A. M'Cracken's Mack, ridden by H. Griffiths. The horse rose too soon at the third hurdle, struck heavily, and came down on the other side, rolling over his rider. To the astonishment of everybody, Griffiths jumped up immediately, and was able to walk to the secretary's office, where it was found that he had sustained no other injuries than a severe shaking. Later OB the doable hurdle in front of the stand proved dissstrous to Mr C. H. Macmeikan's B.B. B, After accomplishing his first round in splendid style, the bay slowed down to a canter antil just before reaching the first hurdle, and when suddenly pricked ap to the jamp, took off badly, struck the top rail with his chest, and fell right over on his back, crushing his rider, Mr A. Watson, son of Mr G. Watson, underneath him. Horse and rider lay motionless where they fell, the bay partly leaning against the fence, and Mr Watson pinioned underneath, with the full weight of the horse on his legs. It seemed to everyone that a fatal accident had happened, and the crowd surged round the spot in a moment. It proved, however, that Mr Watson had escaped in the most miracu loos manner, and that the bay was simply deterred from struggling and probably crushing his rider to death, by the close proximity of the fence, which prevented any attempt to turn over. This was doubly fortunate as a member of the crowd, with the sublime indifference of danger, engendered by utter ignorance of what he was doing, seized hold of one of the horse's hind legs, presumably with the object of preventing from kicking. Mr Watson was quickly released from his dangerous position, and raised the enthusiasm of the crowd to fever heat by remounting and sending the bay over the remaining fences at racing pace, and without a fault. Whether this is to be characterised as bravery or foolhardiness is a delicate point to decide. At any rate it pandered to the public taste, and the cheering broke out again when Mr Watson, having completed the round, sent his horse at the picket fence surrounding the course—a leap, the Age remarks, which the animal, wiser perhaps than the rider—prudently declined. THE FARMERS AND PARLIAMENT.—In the Legislative Assembly, the conference between Mr Gillies and Mr Munro has led to an understanding being arrived at with that hon. member that the debate on Mr Monro's amendment in favor of an increased stock tax and additional duties on oats and barley shall be concluded this evening. Thia agreement has not been come to without some difficulty. The members of the direct Opposition appeared inclined to resent Mr Munro's pledge, but it » believed by the Government that, as t a number of its supporters will forego their right to speak, no obstruction will be forthcoming from Mr Bent and his p rty to prevent the division being taken this evening. If there iB time Mr Gillies will reply to the charges levelled against the Ministry, and will most probably daring his speech deal with the allegation of Mr Cooper tbat the Railway Commissioners unduly favored certain constituencies in the matter of the supply of railway trucks. Should the discussion be concluded to-night, the House will on Wednesday and Thursday be invited to determine whether the stock tax and the duties nn oats and barley shall be increased. To enable Mr Bees to move in that-direction, tbe Premier will on Wednesday submit a motion that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider those three imposts. The Argun says thai the Government have made these arrangements because they are in no way apprehensive that tbe division on Mr Monro's motion will be adverse to them. Small-pox in a mild form is reported from Launceston, Tasmania. The omnipresent microbe has been detected in boils. This discovery shows that the method of poulticing is wrong, as tbe heat and moisture aid tbe developement of tbe microbe. An antiseptic treatment is best Taverns have increased 11 per cent in France in five years, and now there is one for every ninety-five people throughout the country. A similar increase in the use of alcoholic drinks is noted in Belgium, Austria, Switzerland and Germany. M. Paul Leroy Beaulleu gives figures showing the quantity of tobacco consumed in tbe different countries of Europe. The; rate per 100 inhabitants is, according to him, as follows;—Spain. 1101b; Italy, 128 lb : Great Britain. 138 lb : Russia, 1821b; Denmark. 2241b; Norway, 2291b; Austria. 273 lb. Mr Minima, M.L.A., speaking at a public meeting at WiDiamstown, asaprfced that in the Federal Coffee Palace sharelist a brewer figured as the largest holder, while in tbe country, where coffiae palaces indbeen 'erected, hntelksepers were invariably aharehiddera, and when these eametotown they invariably pat-up «t a 