WMISPCft8 AT THfe WINQBT" > Br »G.?» , Mom "auJd M wtn" from Blan, Htifeofc time tbedbh is «len no means to - tlie . author OJgfceet level. ThereV plenty of "iifen It,, but tW Is as mucfc haprobsttUty about it as would nooooiritaffl nwr rawing ttDdnd tfie world for aconptoof to come across such con- iriomeratlan cf fnadents. But vqq mustn't bs over pai Mentor .-in sensation drama— - gulp It down and strain at nothing. And Ohkra from Life is a pretty stiff draught, with its ClesfcrawcU . Prison explosion, its hone flight, and its host ol minor sensations, but still it goes down with relish— with those who like those tiihrns. to the present instance the drama Is very well ttoyedmnd to still better moonted- Ol course Bland Holt to prominent in the cast whatever may be hfo position as regard merit, fiehan plenty of scope in the part of Titus NoW, and' his representation of it is just on a par with other thing be has done— V indiffcreut well " as friend Shakespeare would have phrased it. Hamlet as a cross between mdodnuna and ecoentrlc comedy to a tiorelty. And those who were .at the Pnuoesah on Saturday were in dulged in Shakespeare served np some what after that fashion. Nobody likes Mr. Charles Warner either personally of professionally better than I do. Perhaiu I have seen more of him elsewhere thgn others in these sublunary and oolonial latitudes, and I admire him in a certain rang of character Nowhere has bo shown' bis versatility more than in Melbourne, ar.d no where has he worked harder—and foodc Ids supporters go in for "mora blessed study," too — than out here. But I question the policy of rushing' bim through a lot of parts end so widely contrasted lines as they have been doing. There never was an actor who could run Along the whole gamut of dramatio ait satisfactorily. No; neither to himself nor anybody else. Acton attempt It — _Garrick played comedy. Bucks tone attempted Shylock. and botbern went in for Claude Melnotto ; bub it has always become a case of the shoemaker harinff to stick to his last. So it must be with Mr Warner, and X am the moto convinced of it after seeing and studying with anxions and conscientious at tention uto conception and interpretation of the character of Hamlet, on Saturday night. Mr Waraerhi forte to not Shakespeare, and life Hamlet is not tbe ideal Prince of Denmark. At least that's try idea. His conception wants consistency, he rushes through it too effusively and lacks repose, and his itucatlo mannerism in apeakiug does not suit tbe lagato swing of the Shakespearian blank verse. Then again he makes np too old for the part, the auburn beard— a German Idea— makes him look more like five-and-tbirty than Ihenniverelty youth of twenty. Wfaenlsav it was an uneven interpretation on the part t mean to convey— and that diatincdy, too —that there are admirably artistio points in the performance, alike in the soliloquies in the acting and in the busi ness. At the same time Mr Charles Warner will hot wipe out ' from my memory such Hamlets as Sullivan. Dillon, Creswick, Mont gomery or Irving.' Tho support to not con spicuously great, bnt from Mr Herbert Flem ing as Horatio, Mr Vincent as tbo Ghost, Mr H. Hoyte as Osric, Mr F. Cfatet as Leartee, Miss Morris as Ophelia, and Miss Tanner as the Queen, conscientious work is. obtained. On Saturday The School for Scandal is to be revived, and during tho following fprtnight Mr. Warner appears ina round of his best parts prior to leaving us for a time. This is the fourth week of its rue and still Hans the finatniflu is drawing excellent houses at the Bijou. Arnold is evidently to 44 play out the hand " with big success There is oho trump cord ho might play— a outfitter. There's n lot of kiddies and "children of a larger growth," too, who would come in from the suburb on a Wednesday or Saturday afternoon to enjoy the musical piece. "Think on it, dream ou it," Hans. After he finishes up here Arnold goes to Adelaide, and fiom tluit lie noes nodcr Bohr's care to Hew Zealand, Mies Myra Keinble leaves tbe tompady tc join the trium virate, and Miu Agnes Thoraan eeccdes fcoui the Royal corps to take the fdmicr tody's part in Hans on tour. A fair exchange is.no robbery. Ton days hence the B. .and B. Comedy Company, with the addition of Harry St, Mour and ' Florence Seymour, open at tue Bijou in Jim the Penman. ' Pnforfauialdj'i MI'M Atny ftWnin .!iu3vw unable to appear at the 0|>er» House for several nighta, and lias thus robbed tbo Ivricul productions of much cf tbeir charm. On Monday night Tbo Bo hemian Giri was performed in a fairly satisfactory manner. In I lie absence ol Miss Sbrrwin, Miss Minua Fischer sustained the title role, and afford od a considerable amount of pleasure ; while Miss Hester was very goo 3 astheQueen. Idon't ItkoMr Wilkie'sThaddcutr, and while vocally fair, Mr Saxon is awfully amateurish in his acting as the Count. Mr Hubbard bos to be compliiucated on liis Deviishoof ; and tbnwork of tbo chorus and orchestra liave to bo recognised. Martha is the next production. To very good bouses they are playing the Octoroon at tbe Alexandra. £oe finds an effective representative in Miss Ada Ward, and Mr H. 2?. Douglas snakes a lot of Salem Scud I der, while Mr K. B. Russell is indeed a 44 very, very villain," as Jacob M'Closkv, It's well staged. I had hoped that tbe French Comedy Com pany would have caught on better than they Uavu done. However, badness is be ginning to look np, Hingtone tells me, and as the Government House 14 set " are taking an interest in the performance.", it has all the best chance of becoming fashionable and )>opuUr. The company is a talented one, and they piny the piece 011 tbo -bill just now with a lot of artistic finish. The fJatest adititions to the Victoria Halt combination are Mr. and Mrs liempson, nud the lady, quite "knocks 'em" with her Scottish songs. All rouud titty have a good pro gramme. . , ThcCogiils are as lively as over and ought to get their reward for making people happy. Frank Gates is to give ns a reading uaiintc shortly. Good, . . The VivianB did fine biz at Goelonp last week. , « Parrell to playingThe Soggarfch at Adelaido tliis week. . . 3i.Ha CamngloD and Charlie Taylor are at AViicannia. . . Tommy Hudson has dis band ins company, and some of them are here. 