A WONDERFUL PREACHER. The French and Italian papers are giving glowing accounts of the immensa crowds which are being attracked daily to the Duomo in Turin byAngustime q£* Montefeltro, & Franciscan monk, whose extraordinary eloquence is said to be piety. Many believers attracted to the cathedral. A letter said ■:' At the Daomo on Wednesday four hours be fore the Father ascended the pulpit all the chairs and all the benches were oocupied. The precincts of the vast church seernel transformed into a seaof human heads. The divine word coming from the month of the humble brother electrified the congregation. Several times the sacred associations of the place were powerless to keep back the^ applause which broke out with irresist ible foroe. The University of Pisa closed two hours before the sermon be gan ; and professors and students ran with one accord to hear the illustrious Franciscan. On coming out of Church the thousands of persons greeted him with their oheers and huzzahi. They wished to carry him in triumph through the streets. The railway directors, in order to meet the demands upon their traffic had to organise on each day special trains from Lucca and Leghorn, and 'from several other neighbouring towns and villages. Stiangers arrived by thousands, and all the hotels were full * The Father is 40 years of age ; his face is open and full of intelligence; in his eye burns the flame of apostolic fire; when he f reaches his &ce; is lr msform ;ed—he seems like an inspired and commanding prophet- His subject is * Truth and he has exposed with withering sarcasm the foibles and un realities of society. The Bingbampton "Leader says '1 It is leap-yrar, and it has just been 1,030 years since there were so many S's in the year as we have just now. It ib a good time for bachelors to cogit-8, the girls to reeiproo-8, and not hesit-8.' Ak old man entered a village public house and called for a gill of vrhisky. He had just tasted it, when the servant asked him if she should bring any water. ' Water ? Va, na, laesie/ was the an swer ; ' ony ane wha's no satisfied wi' the water that's in'fc already maun be hard to pie a Re.' Theee little sisters had been to fi 'n dayschool; Hilarie and Vera returned with fearful accounts of the bad be liavioar of the youngest mite, aged three and a half. The mother called her to explain, and Mary entered de fiantly. * What have you been doing V she asked, 'Nussing, muzza,' replied the child; * little boy put his tongue out at fiae, so I put my tongue out at him; a boy smaoked me, so I smacked him; ' cos it says on n^y,£est (Sunday /tioket, ' Do to uzzss af djjjsea do to you.' ' - > • An American yrho hadheen to Europe was telling a friend about bis trip across f the Atlantic, and how; on the 2<Jth of the month,' they encountered a swarm of locusts, and the locusts carried away every stitch of canvas off the ship.' The listener looked thoughtful a moment, and then said, hesitatingly, VYes, I gueas we met the same swarm of loousts the next day, the 26th. Every locust had on a pair of canvas pants.' , \- -r A 1 ghost' which lately had nightly terrified people in a village on the out skirts of Shrewsbury has been effectual ly laid ; 60 villagers set out with sticks and missiles, and succeeded iu effecting a capture. The ghost was none other ha!}"hf ^farmer. His captors chastised lfiin-revere ey, and he was-only released on his handing over £6 for the local in firmary by way of compensation for hi* folly. 