FUNNY THEATRICAL MEMS. Here are some humors of the Dublin gallery, taken from Murray's Magazine : —One of the funniest scenes I can remember occurred in the old Fishauible street Theatre. The play was 1 Hamlet.,' and the gallery chaffed the Prince of Denmark unmercifully, especially in the scene with tlie ghost. At length Hamlet stepped forward, and addressing the gallery, said : * Look here, me boyes, if yiz don't stop coddin 1 me and the ghost will go up there and bâte the divil out of the lot iv yez.* But. it is the Queen's Theatre which has always held the palm in the matter of gallery cl aff, and indeed sometimes the Queen's pit broke forth. An old fellow wearing a white hat entered the latter portion of the house one night. Why a white hat is such an eyesore to Dublin playgoers I cannot imagine, but so it is, * Take off that hat!' Who shot the donkey?' and other remarks of a like nature greeted the stranger, -but the gentleman did. not appear to take the slightest notice. The noise in the galleiy increased to » j»erfect uproar. Then the old fellow rose up, looked up towards the jallery, and waving his îmnd for silence, said :—' Gentlemen, if you do not stop this noise, I shall leave the theatre.' A shout of laughter from all parts of the house greeted this, and the wearer of tlie white hot was left in peace for the remainder of the eveuing, I remember nice comedy being produced at the Queen's. It was written by a Dublin gentleman, and was announced a» a new and original comedy in which the author wotdd appear. The house was crowded from top to bottom. I think it was during the third part in the piece, that tlie author, who played the hern, appeared. He was a stout, fut man, very awkward, and painfully nervous. His confidence was not restored by an- urchin in the front row of the gallery crying with a scoffing laugh, * Oh Lard save us ! there's an authur ! ' As for the audience, they simply yelled with laughter. One <.f the stock company during the management of the late Henry Webb was a miserable, cadaverous-loc. i ig man. He had the following line to speak in some piece —* No, no, dear child, I conld not eat.' * Ah, tliin, God forbid I was'a mutton chop before you,' came a voice from tlie top. It was in that famous little thea toe that the late Charles Sullivan, best and brightest of Irish comedians and good follows, was playing some panto mine in which a large property eagle was used. In one scene its wing—or rather one of its wings—happened to fall off. There was a ripple of laughter through the house, which was changed into a roar by Charlie singing out, * Begorra, tlie bird's moultin". 