©riginai |3 oetrg. A FIRESIDE VISION. I Eat betide a glowing hearth while testing after toil, And watched the shadows ' elfin dance upon the dueky wall ; The evening wind was murmuring a cadenca sad and low, And in mournful music seemed to breathe a sigh for long ago. And wilder grew the dance as the fire's ruddy rays Gave birth to spectral shadows like ghosts of bygone days; Mere dreamy grew my absent thoughts— my heart had homeward hied ; ..... At length a shadow left the wall and glided to my side. It's form was grand, and every line was filled with mystic grace ; The deep true eyes, with starry gleam, shone pity on my face ; The lips then moved, a low, sweet voice the spellbound silence broke ; It'a harmony I'll ne'er forget, as thus the vision epoke — ' Poor mortal ! thou dost yearn for days that never more can be — Thy heart still clinga to fairer scenes beyoad the rolling sea; . But thou shalt view them once again before another sun Shall tinge with gold the eastern ekie3. Arise, and with me come !' He touched me, and with rushing sound the earth seemed from us thrown, The ocean flashed beneath us as we sped through zone and zone ; A moment more we stood beside some weli renu inhered nook, And then the spirit touched my eye3 and softly whispered, ' Look !' A beauteous panorama rose before my vision then— . Tit subject for a painter's brush or theme for poet's pen : A valley rich with morning light divided hills of green, And flowing on with stately might a river rolled between. Field after field of waving corn stretched out in bright array, And peeping through the orchard trees fair, EmiliBgBomeateadslay; Sweet fragrance from the meadow3 filled the summer air around, And circled in by grand old woods those nelas were forest-bound. There stood the noble elm and ash and spread ing hemlock tree, The leafy maple, silvery birch, the spruce, and hickory, The stately fir, the shining beach, the pine tree dark and tall, And a soft grey veil of morning mist hung dreamlike over all, My sieht grew dim as thus I gazed— i cloud paEEed'o'er the eun — The hill, the forest, and the field all blended into one ; The bees' soft humming died away upon the fading lea. Again the spirit touched my eyes and once rcore murmured, ' See.' The same broad view, but, oh! how changed, now met my glamored eight ; The landscape lay beneath a shroud of spotless, silent white ; A cold, pale moon broadcast o er all her shim mering radiance hurled, . , a . , And to the north tall spires of light flashed from an ice-bound world, lake spectral forms of ages past the forest loomed on high, And waited for the balmy breath of springtide by-and-bye ; The birds that twittered through their boughs had flown with summer leaves ; A silver net of crystal frost now decked those giant trees. Beneath a polished shield of ice the river lay at rest,; And gracefully the skaters skiirmsd upon its shining breast ; Their glowing cheeks and sturdy frames at winter's breath doth mock, And show them true descendants of a brave old British stock. A trodden snowtrack marks the road, and ever and anon The noiseless sled goes swiftly by, by smoking horses drawn ; _ And singing gaily as they glide sit youths and maidens fair, 'While merry tleyrhbells' ringing chimes float on the frosty air. A strong wind shook the rustic door, and chattered by the sound The airy picture broken fell in fragments to the ground ; The dying embers' fitful light shone dimly through the hall, And my spirit guide had mingled with the shadows on the wall. I cried aloud, 'When shall I see those long lost scenes again ; When shall I tread my native soil beyond the cruel main; When shall I view my own dear home upon tbat far-off shore?' 'The hollow midnight winds swept by and vailed out, 'Nevermore,' ' H. W. Upton. Lorqnon, Victoria, 