flMacellaneous. Two Kinds of Courage, General Porter Shows Which Variety I* Entitled To Most Praise. General Horace Porter contributes an | article to the Century on “ The Philosophy of j Courage,” from which we quote as follows : i u Indifference to danger is not always the 1 form of courase which should entitle it pos- j sessor to the highest credit. It is a negative [ virturc as compared with the quality which enables one to perform a dangerous duty while realising the full measure of the peril encountered. “ These two traits are best illustrated Dy the old story of the two soldiers whose regi ment was charging up a hill in a desperate attempt to capture a battery. When hall way up. one of them turned to the other and said: ‘ Why, you’re as pale as a sheet; yon look like a ghost: I believe yon’re afraid.' * Yes, I am,’ was the answer; • and if yon were half a3 mach afraid as I am you’d have run long ago.’ It is something higher than physical courage, it is a species of moral courage, which recognises the danger and yet overmasters the sense of fear. When the famous mine in front of Petersburg had been completed, and the National troops drawn up ready to charge the enemy's work3 as soon as the mine had done its work in creating a breach, the signal was given just before daylight, the fuse was lighted, and the command stood waiting with intense anxiety for the explosion which was to follow But seconds, then minutes, then tens oi minntes passed, and still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and the gloom of disappointment overspread the anxious faee3 of officers and men. The fuse had been spliced about midway. It was now thought there was a defect in the splice, and it was at this point that the fuse was hang ing fire. The day was breaking, the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a moment to be lost. Lieutenant Doughty and Sergeant j Bees, of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania In fantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered a long dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calcu late the chances of life, calmly exposed them selves to one of the most horrible forms of death. With no excitment to lend them its intoxication, with nothing to divert their mind3 from the fate which seemed to await them, they followed the course of the fuse through the long subterranean passage found the defect at which the spark had been arrested, and made a new splice. On their return the match was again applied, and the the train was now prompt to do its deadly work. These men displayed even a higher order of courage than those who afterward! j charged into the breach.” j 