vfTS eeldom to into tbe nrdeu : ana I did toot WMiibow boot* tbetdsy.’ 'Si **y MijiVut In Hi* Mj- G»ln? the snparin'»oden» eon .***■*“8 **>* eotUr. whom Mr Coptey bed hardly noticed pmir.nsly. * I can’t any anything a boot the bootr, eir. lean only aay that is the rentleman who came Into my shop on Monday afternoon and eoathtoMM my beat razors. My rams i oo the razor, and printed in raieed letters on 4he razor-case, Mid Ibe curler. \- 'The razor waafonnd rained with blood iQ toe bedroom of ftbe o ordered woman, I nmat p<ace you under arrest, Mr. Copley : ana m. would ad viie yon to reeerve any cTplaration yoa hare to offer.* I.1- Copley did rot attempt to offer any ytplanatiop. He had become dumb. The Tiinu bne had faded from hia ebeeka, and y "Placed by an aehy paleness. Any Axmrage'or impudence be may hare poeseeesd «• Other times bad utterly forsaken him. He u" *'tno»t paralyeed by the terrible rodder, meee with which hie tin bad tonne him rat; .For be bad reordered bis wife, and bis appear Mnce almost proclaimed hia guilr. Next dsy Mr. Copley irae formally com. enitted fer trial on the capital charge. At the trial, which look place tix weeks later, it was shown thtt Mr. Copley h»d been ~mbat it called a faat lieer, inrulgirg in Rambling atd debauchery nntil be was on ’the rerge ol bankrnptcy. He held sn assurance for one thousand ponnds on tbs life of hit _ wife, and, wbrn driven to extremity, bie deeire to obtain poaaeesion of “ money wae the immediate car.se of the On the day preceding the warder be bad taken the iron bar from the rtbls yard and •ocked it in a box in bia room. Coming home late that night he admitted himeeif to the house with his latch-key, end went to his bedroom. Soon after be possessed himself of the wrapone that bad been fonnd, and motselearly went intohie wife's dressincrcom Haring assured himself that ebe eras ••nndly sleeping, be entered the bedroom and committed tbe mnrder in the horttbly kbneongh manner deecribed. He then re entered tbe dre^singroom, and, opening the ®wfow, got ont npon the roof of tbe sretandah, from which he leaped. When «aar tbe poetsm door, it occamd to him to •oooeel tbe iron bar in the stable-yard. He then returned, clambered over tbe door, and, «cfng roond to the front, re admitted himself j to the house with bis latch- key. Beaent to bie bedroom, where he sat until morning, when be washed end redressed, eubaequently bearing the bones for business as if nothing crsiosl bad occurred. Soma of these particelart be confessed after sentence of death bad been pronounced, and he it said *» hate been penitent before tbe last Memcnt, when be paid for a life with bit wwa THE SEARCH FOR MULLIGAN'S FORTUNE Bt W. T. Pabeu, Well, jt ut, ytr hococr, Paddy Mulligan lo himielf—Ibit U, act alto CMher, u ji might lay, to himielf thoroughly *11 out, for be wouldn't refute * j”*t, or a quart for (ha matt her of that, (rcm a frind now an' this, bat b* didn't want to eewrange moeh o! a retort to hit lodgin'!. It waaa't became they wor in a !»ck itfareet, fer be waaa't proud. The Mekent a Ml of aoaieta wai la poor Paddy, Ml ha bad the name of a bape of money, an' •ebcdy m betrd Ibe jingle of it bat bin «IL So it wai a tort of corioeity to find ont bow te wit livin', hot, 'eute enough, he kep’ all !o himtelf, like a hermit of the monntair s, whin ho wai in bis tcp back room. Kow and thin ye'd fiad him with an odd •billin’, hot, like a motberlaea calf, it wa» alwaje alone. Paddy teemed to hart no relation!, or, If lie bad, he didn’t encourage their •cqoatateneee. Bol there'! one thing aertain —Paddy wae foil op of money, wherever on earth be managed to errape it op. Some aay that he dbramin' one night he found ont where there wae a eroek of goo Id Md in the Doblin mountain!—that he dog it ■P in the dark and carried it home in e fcneket covered with weter-creeeee. •Ter baaket"! very heavy,’ tiz a poll* to him ene mom in.’ * What have ye got in it 7* •Nothin',' «iz Paddy. •Jolt let me look et nothin',' tlz the polio. ‘ Ah, it'e only iodi for a lark I have in ha baikel tbia mornin'.’ Well, jovt fora lark, I'll have a look at vbsm,' oiz the oo at table. An* whin be eeen the geold, ‘ Sit down on Ibe diteh here,' eiz ha. *I'm not grin' to atop in the force—I Amt like it, ana I bate to be tn informer, eo era’ll divide the money on' toy nothin’,' Paddy eculdn’t help it, to they eqnared it m the dilob. Bet that’* only a fait of the scaeip that got •nt about him—joat beoanee bit neighbour! vote jealone. Two or three timet be wet on the pop of hein* married, bat eomebow be foand out it wee the money the girlt wor dbrivin' at, an' he dhrew oni cf Ibe jrb rn a endden. • He checkmated thlm,' ai Lannigan the wax nit Well, tbo' he grew to be a party etele owld weehelor, all bit money, wherever he kept it, noolda’t bowld the breath in hie body. An' one mornin' after wonderin' what waa become cf him thro’ not havin' lamed np efnee the day befer began, n polia brook open the dare, end foand poor Paddy Mulligan Matthered over the bad, a dead eorpra. lira. Nelly, the landlady, laid, * Hia aowl mnet have tnck ita flight la the night,' They had a powerful eareb all over the •eoo for the meaty op in the top back ■com. An’ aflhcr • terrible light of tbrouMe, all in the world that they eonld tome aeroe* wat foor end nlnepenee half-penny la the tift-bind oalioo pocket of hie Ihroweera. The eorcser brotgbt bli InkwMtrotxod t f1: k»* (aba I They might j >WS tlrjln' fo cernc the allver eff tl moon. Nat a carap cfCaab, or any papi ■on in ruin’ any drpoett, wai fppgd eilh InMde the room ar oatride tha room. Thli waa the qoareit thing at nil. Whi Is the world had become of hli fortum Wae it tnek by the fairiet ? Or where wi It eeeMerad to at all, at all! He hadn’t bean robbed, for hie windy ar fine* wor bowltad all right whin he wi toned lyin' dead that mornin'. Soma raid may be the polii embed into hia mitteni, or || might have bet wperrlted away be tbo owld boy; for po Paddy waaa’t all ont a Oomplate patthem i itgiH of ble religione dntlae. Be tbafaa H may.wt'ranhl 'gain' Injed, the eratber, now fae'e gone; bat whal bt Neaomo of bit property wai one of the dri •ajawti of the ethieel where Poddy lodged Some laid Ibe landlady had pal b mtawltye on it, bol iota I kaew her w« eaeeelf, for I waa abortin' her, till I Ihrr bet on, be Earnin’ that ehc- conldo'l have eto • Hook of it; an' aba died ia the poox-boai wither. Well, poor Paddy wai oaly jail pal Ini Ibe gronod for about a fortnight, whin atfaranger kem to the booae, na' with bl Caere iowUb’ down bii non, be towld Mr Kerrigan, the landlady, that be waa the 1* ferin’ nephew of Paddy Mall if an, bit and He dirouarmd bet for nwMlt, an' lowld bi lie waa preparin’ for the Obnrab; aa’, plel in' a preyec-book ont of hia bread pecke be axed her, with a mournful groaa, to I allowed np to tha room where Paddy gav e hie gboft, eo tbit be might pray a fe •rayere for the poor nn'ortnnate eparrit i ■tie ancle. Well, he med eoeh a poor moot! an’ wae eo ont op ia reepeot of wiibin’ I aave bis aoele’i aowl, that the wido coalda’t rafoae Ibe eratber. So ebe broogbl him npetaire, ealnekrd il door, an* let him in. He gave three Ion ■bnrebyard righa ae if ble heart waa brad • Aa*. air be, wid more Mg lean boitii down ble acee, lie be, • I doa’t weal to t disturbed, Mra. Kerrigan, while I’m et m Aa’, wid ytr tare, I’d like to loo • To be ewe ye may, an* welcome,’ eh ebe mm’ ebe harried off dowaetaira lo eaawer , knock that kem to Ibe dor*. \- Will, be hoppiO; an’ ihrottia’, rare enongi « wee a quart long lima wraetiia’ wid bl Cyan, an’ tin widow wm bngtnrla’ to go latienl al the taydiooa delay be wai ■■akin'. An’ ehewae jod half-way np tbi ■Mn, whmtlm feet wag Marly took Iron nndbtr her he UM'fngUl ol nearin' the Boat awlul aarattnin' homin'bom the rocm where ihe thought lta(iiipki« «u myln' Me ptjhn. Wid tba knit leppim' iboil la bet bctsnm *bh listened, ao* the baud a whippia' bawl •I • Holy aaiata ia glory ran me! Ob, untie, lal me oat, an'I'll ncm dar to tome near tba plaaa agio to look tor jar bom; I Oeh o*oe, more bar alive 1 Uoriket! Will j no ooa acme aa’ cave m«?' ! It *u a wry dark wfntbrr’i eight, and Mr*. Kerrigan tcek Stla’ jampe dowa tba ttaira that ye'd think abe’d brake her neck. The heart waa pat aeroaa, an' aha ran opt without bat bcaaat to thry aa’ gtl a pcli«» man, and, altar earahio’ abcnl lor aoma lime, iba ootab ooa hidin' in a hall round tba netner, barin' a evoke. 'Cove roond, (■alia,' air tba, * at oeee; then'a merdhtr In the bona* Tba polia bad only joat lit tba pipt. Ba didn’t like to be dittorbrd, for be «m a prend tort of aocatabie. an pitkin’ tba aoal cat of hit pipe, be iqnsred bimetlf op before ber with a eontaled lorn, an’ (tiffin' tba elay pipe ia bia boizom, ba axed where waa tba row. * Ob, don't I tell ye < ff roend the corner a man bat been merdhered cp in tbe top rocm. Ccse reetd at tier, pclir, cr Sbtull be holy alaoghter.' Tbe polie proiriaaded aclemnly roend Ibe corner to Mr*. Kerrigan'* bcore. an' goin* op tba «talr»,h* jut bia ahcwldber agio tba dare an’ tint it in. An’ there, op in tba off oorntr, bawlin’ ont for Ibe bare life, waa tbe ncpbtw cf hie onele, jammed eidewaye agin ibe waisieot so tight tbit ye'd think ba waa growing col of It. His arm waa alack thro' a bole in tbe board right op to tbe tcot ot tbe ebowldbtr, an' ba roared that the ghost of bis on ole or tba diril bid him ectch into tbe wall. While all this fora and tbrooble war goin' on ia Mia Kerrigan'* bcore, a man belled ont altbenexlfcooiefcrtbefeaielife.eeaily.ye might aay, balLnaked, ia bia abirt an' threwaera. An' iarin' aronnd for anetbef polia. aa lack wonld bare it, ba dhropped on tha aergeanl, wipin’ froth cfl hi* n'roataaher, out of the back dan of a pnblio* bone*. * Brrgeant, eome roend here. I want to 1 abow ya a rat that I‘re aatab in a tbrap, an' I’m goin' to tel tbe tarrier at him. Com oa, sargaanl.' Tha sergeant waa of a apoctin’ ton, to he itarted off at oaoa to tea tba rat- boat, an' I aoppoae wid a aperrit at kaeptn' ordher If tbare wasn't fair play. Up ba wiat op tbe ataira to tfca top back room. Hia companion unlocked tha dura. * Look then, sergeant—ya sea how I'ra aoteh him,' At tbe same momeat than was an etbo of roan behind the wall in tba next room. And bangin’ over tba abelt of a press in tba wall, an' tied by a akalp of rope to tbe leg ot tbe lablt, was the human hand of a man. Ob, not a word of lie in It. It wae aotoh then Ilka a doable-beaded nret. ' What‘a yet name!* six the eergsant. ‘ Me name ie Mick M Hogh.' ' Wall, tell bi all about la,’ ala tha sergeant. Mick pointed to tom* bag* of coppen that wor lyin' oa the tabla. ' D'ye at* thim money-bags, sergeant f Well, I bad them locked op in tba press, acre enough, safe an* sound. An' I bad cnly lamed into bed, wben 1 beerd a tappin' an' aentebin’ at tba back of Iba press. I didn’t mind it at first, bnt, begar, whin I heetd acme bard onttin' and accfflin' thro' Iba bdord, I qoiatly cmlocktd tba pmt, an' there 1 aeen Ik* light of a aandla tbro' a bole already made in lb* boord at tbe baek of tba prate. ' An' afther a wbile a bead waa throat tbro' tba bole. Tbe robber of Ibe world bad only time to keleh bowld of one of me money bags, whin I put a stepper on bis night's work ba grippin’ a sodden howlt of bia fist. I bad a piece of rope in Iba eopbeord joat bandy, an' I tied him to tba leg of tba table. ‘ Sergeant, warn't it fortunate that I hap pened to be in eo early, or I'd be detlbroyad entirely ?' * Bot where did ye manage to get all tha bags of copper* V lie tha aergeanl, * Well, I'm * abarity oolltator, and tbim ia me roonde for tbe weak. An' onl/ look waa on me aide, to be in soon tbia evenin', or I’d bare got me elf into flamin' threnble.' All Ibie while tbare waa great acmmotioa In the next room. ' Well, now,' six tbe eergeant, ' do y keep an oye to tba hand wnile I go into I other boa**, an' let it loots whin I give tbe word. Ill joet find oat who is it ow Iti He thin wint op through Mri. Kerrig* boose, an' there ha teen the other polia ii pcizla wid tba neighbours round Padd nephew, where he was (took agin the w like a barnacle to a rook. • Let go yar bowld ol him, Mick M'Hng roired tbe aergeanl, 'until w* bring h down to tbe station.' Bo Paddy'i nephew waa tbrotted between tbe two polia wid bnrglary an* fa' pretences, an' other aarions Crimea. ‘ What have ye got to lay why sinter shouldn't be pasted opon ye!' six t magistrate. • Well, ya ate, yer worship'* honour, it’* very simple In regard of bow the meltl happened. Wbin I beerd of me onel death, I wae seek eora, all ool, that he mi ba»a left money bid lomewber* in tbe roo an' I invinted an exeoie that 1 waa goin' pray for bia poor aewl that’s in glory, i whin I locked metelf In tba room, rair i airy, I began tappin' tha waiaaeot till I ki to a holla aoand. " Oh. bsdad, I'm all rig now for eartain,” tie I; *■' I worked aw wid tbe abiiel till I ccoopcd ont a bole. ! heart got op in m* month wbin I felt I monoy-bage ; bat wbin I wea eotoh in I other room I wae lore It was tbe gboet ma nnato that waa gnardln’ tbe bagt. lb* *U I ban in regard of the whole eonaei yer worabip’a bononr.' • Well, Larry, yen'll go np for a month I demrin Mra. Kerrigan wid yar false pi tenaee.’ 'Thank yer worship,’ rit Larry; an' ba retired into private lilt for four week*. Well, that waa the fioiehin’ earcb for Mulligan'* fortoe*. Tbe etory'e made me tbinty ; 111 have another pint, yer bononr. 