Ths Shearers' Union Conferencb has not resulted as ?atUfactorily as we would have wished. It coold hardly bo otherwise. The Shakespearian jester tells as '* an tw? men ride a horseback, one must ride be hied/' and what *re we to conclude if one of tho two i rides the horse solus — the otherjmust walk afoot. As | \- only one of two parties met, the proceedings so far : nave been entirely ec parte. It has not been a saw , ye^a game — two hare not played at it. But wo roust : say that in a way theShoarera' Union cannot beheld ? to be entirely to blame. They invited tho abeopowners ' to meet them, but the latter did not. Tho fact ap peared to be that the sheepowners hadn't the ghost \- of an organization, and no single body of them could ? undertake to represent the whole. Tho Shearers' « Union will of course say this was the fault of tho ! sheepowners : indeed one wit went so far as to re ' : commend tbe sending of an organizing missionary among tbe squatters. We rogret that tbe bodies did i met iu conference, as only tbat could lead |to any re l-silt. ilt requires two parties to a- bargain, and the JlUnion coold not hope tbat it could sit in Echuca and ^decide what not only the shearers, who were, it is | true, represented^ but th« sottlera, who were not re i [presented, should do7p-We fear, howovor, tho Con jfereneedid act sombwhaton theso lines. What would Ibavo resulted in a satisfactory settlement would be a 'conference of shearers and of sheepowners hold in the | '.same town, and after deciding on what they thonght I ( 'best to met in conference, thrash the matter out and j (come to an agreement and compromise. That has not jbeen done, and consequently tho labor question in tho ^pastoral districtsjs about us unsatisfactory now as it jvas last August. The Echuca Conference did uot do much good; nor did it .even remove thoso anomalous -jq1ss which caused such trouble last season, and had At- be dropped, to get on at all. Rale 55 has not Jieen alte'ed so as to give tho owner control of his -Shed, and make him judgo of what is satisfactory . Shearing, -which henlone is entitled to bo. We sup ^rfoose the ?« committoo' will be the judges, if the men t bate their way. That is not likely, for no man »jll pjrare to surrender hi* rights ovor his own property. 'The efforts of somo wiser men to get tho words 'to °the satisfaction of the sheepownor and managor' were fi ? not succcssful, and iu this respect tho Conforonco showod very groat want of wisdom. Perhaps tbo greatest failure of tho Conforonco has boon to prorid* for tho cutting out of a shod. Nothing was dono to get ovor the difficultios which occurred last year; on tho contrary, tho soutouce iu ralo 53 was struck out. This will enablo ehoarors to leuvo ashed when they ploase, without punishcuout, ho far as tho rulo3 aro concerned, eveu if thoy ruin tho settlor. Such a thing is uot to bo borno. Thoro aro mauy other short comings of tho Conference, to which we could -refer but wo forbear at prosout. Howovor, wo would ear nestly hopo that beforo tbo soason begins sumo steps will bo taken to bring about a mooting - f tho two bodios, especially as beforo then tho settlors may bavo formed an organization. Seoalblo men on both sido9 know nothiug but disaster can como out of disputes botweon tho employers and tho omployood (a soction of tho Conforeuco appoarod to us to havo changod tho settlors into tho cinployoos, tho shoarors into the em ployers) mid it is ro these men to whom wo look for a modus viveudi. Wo notice that iu Molbourno stops havo boon takeu to form a Settlors' Association, aud when it is formed both sides can meet and coma to an amicable agroomeut. Mr Wilkinson's speech on tbo Land Bill appoared in full in our last issue. Wo note that Mr Wilkin- I sou wa* misreportod in the Daily Telegraph. That ; journal has roportod him as saying tbat ho would I advocate selections on leaseholds. Mr Wilkinson said nothing of tho nort, as will be soiin by tho Hansard report; what ho advocated was that tho condition of purchase iu conditional loaies should not le dono away witb, as is practicably proposed to bo dono io the now bill. We haveroceivod tho prospectus of a Squatters' Co-operativo Society, to be jallod Tho Australian Importing, Exporting, Finance, uud Genoral Agoncy Compauy (Limited),' tho objects of which rre to protect tho pastoral iudubtry from boing preyed upon by merchants and financial institution!*, who get squatters individually into their power; nnd to take into thoir own hands much of tho busiuoss which now passes through tho hands of tho institutions referred to. Five Jurors woro fi'nod £2 for nou attendance at tho Quarter Sessions to-day : W. Arnold, R. Younfr.A. Burko, T. Wilccx, W. H. Dyor. Money is getting cheap. We believe a circular has been received iu town from London, which offors money at 4 per cent on such securities as those offered by local bodies, &c.; At the mooting on Thursday night tho anomaly was witnessod of a chairman called to order by one of thespcakers. Mr Duncan had made some remarks condemnatory of spending tbe ratepayers' money in thofoncingof the common, and tbo Mavor, who was in the chair, got up at the close to explain that tho rates had cot been spont on tho fencing, that a special loan had been obtained for tho work. Mr Duncan in sisted Mr Jacka had no right to address tho meeting on his speech, and carried his point. The ratepayers did not appear over- satisfied with Mr Jacka's expla nation as they saw they mu*t ultimately pay tho money. Mr Andrew, in the course of hiti speech at the Academy of Music, on Thursday night, spoke guaidedly in favor of the erection of a Town Hall, if t was shown it would pay interost on the cost of construction, and entered into figures upon the question. Some of the ratepayers took exception to such n work as an in terference with private enterprise, and others pointed out the Athensum Committee intended to boild a hall. Mr Andrew replied that he had been informed on good authority the Athenceum people would drop their project if tbo Council decided to bnild a hall. The May* r, who was in the chair, corroborated Mr Andrew; he had heard the same thing. The Convent, we notice, has begun to sharo the fate of Hay buildings, The walls aro alroady crack ing in places. The Convent, it will be remombered, was built on a now plan of foundation, a (supposed to be) solid block of wood. A Meeting of ratepayers was railed by Mr Duncan, one of the candidates for a seat in the Council, at the Academy of »Music, on Thnrsdiy evening, aiid was very well attended. The Mayor was in the chair. Mr Duncan gave a resume of his views, and denounced the waste of money in the past by the Council, espe cially in fencing in the Common, and such matters, Mr Duncan 6aid be h id been a councillor and mayor of a borough in Victoria. Some very does question ing was indulged in by Messrs Byrne, Witcombe, and Pollard. Mr Andrew, who was present, was called upon to speak, and delivered a short speech, in which he strongly insisted that money should only bo bor rowed to construct reproductive works, which would pay. . Mr Andtew was also subjected to pretty close questioning especially upon what wa. a reproductive work. ^ The mooting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. At the Court on Thursday, before MrPearce, P.&I;, two cases wero settled. Thomas Brian brouaht a charge against Mary Quinn for appropriating £22 he had gtvcn*her to keep. On the old woman was found £19 Is 7d. Mory Quinn sued Thomas Briao, for as- ! sault. The parties, it appears, live with one another ! Through the kind offices of Mr Brough the matter . wus sottled. I At the Police Court on Thursday, Mr J. P. Baxter I was fined 10s and 4s lOd costs, for obstructing the footpath with tho cases in which his winter goods were received. Mr Baxter sajrs he is always made a victim, while othors who are sinners equally, escape; The Mayor on Tuesday rbfused to call a meeting of i ratepayers, though ho was tendered a requisition pro perly signed to that purport. Ho declares he has not thepower. How is it the Mayors called such meet ings ? We believe it is an optional matter with a Mayor, St. Patrick's Day was rather quietly observed in Hay, the only outward and visible sign being 'the wearing of the green,' which, however, seemed less than iu former years. The H. A.C.B.S. held a ball on Friday evening, which was attended' by about 25 couples. Dancing began at half-paNt niny and was carried on until two o'clock, when all dispersed well pleased with the evening's recroation. The catering was done by Mr Henkol, and gave the greatest satis faction. Altogether the affair reflected the greatest credit on tha promators \ybo tarried it out well, Judge Forbes will have his sly joke. Ther case against the prisoner Laycock closed at half-past twelve, and tbo J udge sent in to remind the jury once or twice, to see if he could hasten them up. Not suc ceeding, he went off to his lunch. At one o'clock the jury agreed, and sent him word, determined to get to thoir lnnch too, but the Judge simply sont word he would be there in twenty or thirty minutes, whon he had comfortably disp ised of his lunch— of course he didn't say that. So the jury had to sit in their room and possess their souls in patience. Tub Sopposed Murder reported by our Hillston correspondent recently has been investigated by Sub Inspector Smith and the local policoand foand to be a case either of Buicide or of lost in the bush whilst in the horrors. The body must have been lying cn the spet where it was found for about 12 months. It was ovidontly that of a email young man, about 22 years ofage. Nothing was left but bonos, except a bit of skin on the chin and another bit on the back of the right hind. There was |no flesh on the body. The hat was found at the back of tho hoad, just as it would bo when it fell off the head on a person lying down. An old razor was found on the left hand side. Tho right leg was crossed over the left, and the appear ance of the body would present that of a man who had 1 tid down to havo a bleep. The sum of 12e was found iuone of the pockots of decoased's clothes. The coun try is thickly covered with malleo sirub, and the police think deceased wandered away while in the horrors like -o many more, and died in that state, for bo was only a fow miles awny from two hotels. Mr Brough tried to get up a bit of a romance in the Court to-day, in the case of thepjau Giles, charged with horsestealing. Ho wanted to make that the prosecutor, who rojoicod in tho name of Coffey, had boon in love with Giles' wife nnd took this way of giving her *' hot coffee' for her jilting him, Howeror, the worthy lawyer's game did not work, and Giles got convicted for ari offence which was very plain. We hear a case is coming on at Denilsquin by the Fire Brigade Board against tho Commercial Union Insurance Company, from which it is settled thoro will bo an appeal as a teat case as to whether tho in* snranco companies havo to pay in the country. The Norwich Union has paid. The Convent children aro getting up a picnic on Easter Monday, and it is likely to be a great succoss. We dmw attention to the fact that our discount sale terminates on the 24th inst. Evory one should take advantage of this and save 3s in the pound. P. B. Terry and Co. — advt. The Eight Hours Bill has beou rejected by Parlia ment. The Rev Mr Hamilton's sale yestorday wus a groat succoss, good prices being roalised. The carriage and pair bringing £80. The faneral of tho Emperor of Germany was a groat spoctale. Business is at a standstill in somo of the Ameri can cities, owing the snow. The crew of one vessel was frozen to death. The Unionists, at a meeting, have decided thBt Lord Salisbury be informed unle*s he brings in logis lation to core Irish evils the Unionist Liberals will not pledge tbfimselres to yoto against Mr FarnoU's bill* An Auusipq Scene was witnossed on St. Patrick's ovouing, A certain youth was whistling 'Tho Boyno Wator' under tho vorandah of a pub. wlipn au anciout Hiborniar, somowhat tho worso of tauglofoot, camo up to him and to show his amity, said 41 Go on mo boy, go on; givo us somo moro; I raythor like it.' Aoothor loadod Hibornian camo along and hearing thishisiro was rousod. 'You liko it' ho cried; ' then I'll givo you cause to,' and ho thoroupon procooded to givo tho old man several (?ood pulthoguos. Tho old man walked off sorrowfully, wiping a bloodshot eye, and fooling his peacemaking proclit itios and dosiro to merge tho orange with tho groon were mt appreciated. Wanted known that P. B. Torry and Co's discount £alo terminates this day, Saturday, 24th inst Immense reductions. Tho last chance. Remombor. Teui'erance Bazaar on tho 30th of March. — See advt. Ryan and Anderson hold a horse sale at Hillston on tho3rd April. — Soo advt. Tub Priuco of Walos oxproasoi theopinion that the disoaso of tho Gorman Emperor must have a fatal termination shortly. Mr J. E. Allison, nophow of tho Town Clerk of Wilcanni i, has boon appointod Town Clark of Bourko. Barmaids are likely to bo done away with. Tenders aro called for a woodou church at Bal ranald. Three Hours after the Emporor of Germany's death, tho wire roached Melbourne. A Casket of Barrier silver set with rubies from tho Barrior Ranges woro shown in Adelaide last week in a shop window and attracted a great deal of at tontion. The Syduoy Coroner, at tho inquost ou George Switzer last week, said that tho Salvation ^rmy was a frightful nuisance, which ought to t o bUpprossed by the police for filling up and blocking the loads as they do. The Rev. S. A. Hamilton's clearing-out salo will bo held at Tho Manse on Thursday next, commencing at 11 a.m.; luncheon provided. Presbyterian Church, Hay. — Divine servico next Sibbath morning and evening at tho usual bouts. Tho Rov. John Mclnto&h; M. A. will preach in tbo ovening. (D.V.) Church of England, Hay, — Divine Service in St Paul's on Sunday, 2')th instant, both morning and evening, at the usual bourn. Catholic. — Evening Devotions during Lent at the Catholic Church, Hay, at 8. Mass will be celebrated at) Hillston on Easter Sun day, 1st April; at Booligal (at 1 1 o'clock) on Thursday April 5th; at Mossgiel, on Sunday, April 8. Wksleyan Church, Hay. — Tho subjects of the discourses next Sabbath will be (d.v.) ' Spiritual gardoning,' and ' Chribt standing aud knocking.' Church op England, Hillston Parochial District. — There will be usuil sorvico with Holy Communion at Gunbar, on Sunday nuxt (25th), at 11 o'clock. On Good Friday, 30th, thoro will bo service at Hillston, atll a.m. and 7 '30 p.m. On Easter Monday, April 1st, thero will be divine service with Holy Communion at Lake Cudgellico, at 11 o'clock, and at Euabalong thoro will bo service the came day at 4*30 p.m. On Sunday, April 8th, thero will bo divine service at Hillston nt tho following hours Holy Conmanion at 8 a.m., Morning prayer atll a.m., and evening prayer at7'30p.m. 