A sermon for the time PRESENT. By C. H SPURGEON. "Inthfttday it shall bo said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not ; and to Zion, Let not thino hands bo slack. Tbo Lord thy God in the midst of theo is mighty ; Ho >vill save, Ho will rcjoico over theo witn joy. lie will rest in His love, Ho willioy over i theo witn singing. I will gather them that aro sorro wiiu :or uio solemn ussuuiuiy, wuu ,viu ui thee, to whom tlio reproach of it was a burden." — Zephaniah lit. 16—18. Holy Scripture Is wonderfully full and abiding in its inner sense. It is a springing well, whereat you may draw, and draw again, for as you draw it springs up for ever new and fresh. It is a woll of water springing up everlastingly. Tho fulfilment of a divine promise is not tho exhaustion of it. When a man gives you a promise, and ho keops it, them is an end of tho promise; but it is not so with God. When He keeps His word to tho full He has but begun— He is prepared to keep it, and keep it, and keep it for ever and ever. What would you say of a man who had wheat upon liis barn floor, and threshed it until he had beaten out the last golden grain ; but the next day ho went and threshed again, and brought back as much as the day before; and on tho day after, again taking his flail, he went to the same t hreshing, and again Drought back his measure as full as the first, and so on for all the fairy tale? It would certainly bo a surprising miracle. But what should we say if, throughout a long life, this miracle could bo prolonged? Yet wo have continued to thresh tho promises ever since faith was given us, and wo liavc carried away our full portion every day. What shall wo say of tho glorious fact that tho saints in all generations, from the first day until now, have done tlio same ; and of that equal truth, that as longos there is a needy soul upon earth, thoro will bo upon tho threshing- floor of tho promises the same abundance of the finest of tho wheat as when the first man filled his measure and returned rejoicing? I will not dwell upon tho specific appltaition of the text before us— I do not doubt that it was specially fulfilled as it was intonded ; and if there still remains some special pioco of history to which this passage alludes, it will again bo fulfilled in duo time ; but this I know, that those who have lived between whiles havo found this promise true to them. Children of God havo used these promises under all sorts of circumstances, and havo derived the utmost comfort from thera, and this morning I feel a a if tho text had been newly written for tho present occasion, for it is in every syllable most suitable to tho immediate crisis. If the Lord had fixed His eye upon the condition of His church just now, and had written this passage only for this year of gTaco 1887, it could scarcely havo been more adapted to tho occasion. Our business should be to show this; but I would aim at much more. Let our prayer be that wo may enjoy this marvellous portion of tho sacred word, and take intense delight in it. As God rests in His love, so may we rest in it this morning ; and as Ilo joys over us with singing, so may we break forth into joyous psalms to the God of our salva- I am going to begin with the lost verse of tho text and work my way upwards. The first head is, a try ing day for God's peoplo. Tlioy aro sorrowful because a cloud is upon tneir solemn assembly, and tho reproach thereof is a burden. Secondly, we will note a glorious ground of consolation. We read in tho 17th verse. "The Lord thy God in tho midst of thee is mighty. Ho will save, Ho will rejoice over thee with joy ; Ho will rest in His Iovo, He will joy over theo with singing." And thirdly, here is a brave conduct suggested thereby — ' In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not ; and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack." I. Beginning at the eighteenth verso, wo notico a trying day for God's peoplo. Tho solemn assem bly bad fallen under reproach. The solemn assemblies of Israel wero her glory. Her great days of festirol and sacrifice wero tho glaancss of tho land. To tho faithful their holy days wore their holidays. But a reproach had fallen upon tho solemn assembly, and I believe it is so now at this present moment. It is a sad afflic tion when in our solemn assemblies the brilliance of the gospel light is dimmed by error. Tlio clearness of tho testimony is spoiled wiien doubtful voices are scattered among tho poople, and those who ought to preach tho truth, tho wholo truth, and nothing but tho truth, aro telling out for doctrines tho imaginations of men and the inventions of tho age. Instead of revelation, we have philosophy — falsely so called ; instead of divine infallibility, we liave surmises and larger hopes. The gospel of Jesus Christ, which is tho same yesterday, to-day, and for ever, is taught as tho production of progress, a growth, a thing to bo amended and corrected year y year. It is an ill day, both for tho church and tne world, when tho trumpet does not give a cer tain sound ; for who shall prepare himself for the battlo? 4 If, In addition to this, worldly conformity spreads in tho cliprcb, so that tho vain amusements of tho world aro shared in by tho saints, then is thero reason enough for lamentation, even as Jeremiah cried—" IIow is tho gold becomo dim I" Her Naza- rites, who wero purer than snow and whiter than milk, havo become blacker than a coal. "All our enemies have opened their mouths against us." If no longer thero is a clear distinction botween tho church and tho world, but professed followers of Jesus liavo joined hands with unbelievers, then may wo mourn indeed. Woo worth tho day. An ill tirno has happened to the church and to tho world also. Wo may expect great judgments, for tho Lord will surely be avengeu on such a people as this. Know yo not of old that when tho sons of God saw the daughters of inon that they wero fair, and they wero joined unto them, then tho flood came and swept thorn all away ? I need not pur sue this subject further, lest our burdens take from us tbo timo which is demanded for consola tion. It appears from tho text that thero wero some to whom tho voproach was a burden. They could not make sport of sin. True, thero wero many who said that tho evil did not exist nt all, and others who declared that it was not present in any great dogroo. Yos, and more hardened spirits declared that what was considered to bo a reproach was really a thing to bo boasted of, the very glory of tlio century. Thus they huffed tho matter, and made tho mourning of tho conscientious to bo a theme for jest. But thero was a remnant to whom tho reproach of it was a burdou ; these could not bear to see such a calamity. To tlicso tho Lord God will luivo respect, as -Ho said by tho prophet:— "Go through tho midst of the city, through tho midst of Jorusalem, and set a mark upon tho foreheads of tho men that sigh and that cry for all tho abominations that be done in tho midst thereof." Tho many drank wine in bowls and anointed themselves with their chiof ointments, but ttaoy wero not grieved for tho affliction of Joseph (Amos vi. 6); but theso were pressed In spirit and bore tho cross, counting the reproach of Christ greater riches tlian all tho treasures of Egypt. God's peoplo cannot bear tliat Christ's atoning sacrifice should bo dishonored ; they cannot endure that His truth should bo trodden as mire in the streets. To truo bollovers prosperity moans tho Holy Ghost hlcssiim the word to tho convorslon of slnnors and tho building up of saints ; and if they do not see this, tlioy lung their bonis upon tho willows. Truo His church— their glory Is in His gloiy, and in nothing else. The wifo of Phlnehos, the son of KH, cried out in her dying agony, "Tho glory has departed," and the reason sho gave was onco because of tho death of her husband and Ills father, but twice because "tho ark of God is taken." For this she named her now- born child Ichabod— " Tho glory is departed from Israel, for tho ark ofGod is takon." Tho bitterest pain of this Godly woman was for the church, and for tho honor of Gou. So it Is with God's true peoplo— they lay it much to heart that tho truth is re jected. Thus liavo I dwelt upon tho fact that it is an ill day for God's peoplo when tho solomn assembly is defllea —the reproach thereof is a burden to thoso who aro truly citizens of tho Now Jerusalem, and becauso of this tlioy aro seen to bo sorrowful. Tho Lord here says, " I will gather thera that aro sorrowful for the solemn assembly." They may well bo sorrowful when such a burden is laid on their hearts. More over, they see in a hundred ways tho ill effect of the ovll which they doploro. Alanyaro tamo and halting; this is hinted at In tho promise of tho 19th verso — " I will save her that halted." Pilgrims on tho road to Zion wero made to limp on the road because the prophets wero "light and treacherous persons." When tho pure gospol is not preached, God's peoplo aro robbed of the strength which thoy need in their life-journoy. If you takeaway tho bread, the chil dren hungor. If you givo tbo flock poisonous pas- , tures, or fields which are barron as tbo desert, they pine and tlioy become lame in their daily following of the shepherd. Tlio doctrinal soon affects the practical. I know many of the people of G od living in differeut parts of this country to whom tho Sab bath is very little of a day of rest, for thoy hear no truth in which rest is to bo found, but they aro worried and wearied with novelties which liuilhor glorify God nor benefit tho souls of men. In many a placo the sheep look up and aro not fed. 'lliis causes much disquictudo and breeds doubts and questionings, and thus strength is turned to weak ness, and tho work of faith, tho labor of love, and tho patience of hope aro all kopt in a halting stale. This is a grievous evil and it is all around us. Then, alas I many aro "driven out," of whom the 19th verso says, "I will gather her that was driveu out." By falso doctrino many aro made to wander from tho fold. Hopeful ones arc made to stray from the path of life, .and sinners aro left in their natural distanco from "God. Tho truth which would convince men of siu is not preached, while othor truths which would load seekers into peaco aro beclouded, and souls aro left in nerdless sorrow. When the doctrines of grace and tho glorious atoning sacrifice aro not set clearly before men's minds ; so that they may feel their power, all sorts of evils fol low. It is terrible to mo that this dreadful blight should como upon our churches ; for the hesitating aro driven to destruction, tho weak are staggered, and even the strong are perplexed. Tho false teachers of these days would, if it wero possible, deceive tho very elect. This makes our hearts very sorrowful. How can we help it ? IL Secondly, let us think of something which shines like a star amid the darkness. The second verso of tho text presents a glorious ground of con solation. Here is a-rich text indeed. The passago is liko a great sea, whilo I am as a little child mak ing pools in tho sand which skirts its boundless Hood. A series of discourses might well be founded on this one verse— I mean tho 17th. Our great consolation in tho worst times lies in our God. The very namo of our covenant God— "the Lord thy God"— is full of good cheer. -That word, " the Lord," is really Jehovah, tho self-existent One, tho unchangeable One, tho ever-living God, who cannot change or bo moved from Ilia everlasting purpose. Children of God, whatever you have not got, you have a God in whom you may greatly glorv. . Having God you have more than all tilings; for all things come of Him, and if all things were blotted out ho could restore all things simply by liis will. He spcaketh, and it is done ; He counxiiindcth, and it stands fast. Blessed is the man that hath the God of Jacob for liis trust, and whoso hope Jehovah is. In tho Lord Jehovah we havo righteousness and strength ; let us trust in Him for over. Let tho times roll on, they cannot affect our God. Lob troubles rush upon us liko a tempest, but they shall not come nigh unto U3 now that lie is our dcfcnco. Jehovah, tho God of his church, is also tho God of each individual member of it, and each one may therefore rejoice in Him. Jehovah is as much your God, my brother, as if no other person in the uni verse could use that covenant expression. O, be liever, tho Lord God is altogether and wholly your God. All His wisdom, all Ills foresight, all His power, all His immutability— all Himself is yours. As for the church Of God, when sho is in her lowest .estate she is still established and endowed in the best possible sense— established by tho divine decreo, and endowed by the possession of God all- sufficient The gates of hell shall not provail fliminef.w T-Of llQ £>Y«t1f. in mil- nADSA«<ilAlt. Pnnr as we are, we aro infinitely rich in having God ; weak as we are, there is no limit to our strength, since the Almighty Jehovah is ours. " If God bo for us, who can bo against us 7' If God bo our, what more can we need? Lift up thy heart, thou sorrowful one, and be of good cheer. If God bo thy God, thou hast all thou canst desire— wrapped up within liis glorious name we find all things lor timo and eternity, for earth and heaven. Thoreforo, iit tho namo of Jehovah wo will set up our banners, and march onward to thobattle. Ilo is our God by His own purpose, covenant, and oath ; and this day Ho if our Gou by our own choico of Him, by our union with Christ Jesus, by our cxperienco of His goodness, and by that spirit of adoption where by wo cry, " Abba, Father." To strengthen this consolation, wo notico next that this God is in tho midst of us. Ho is not a long way off, to bo sought with difficulty, if haply we may find Ilira. Tho Lord is a God nigh at ham), and ready to deliver nis people. Is it not delight ful to think that we cry not to God across tlio ocean, for Ho is here? Wo look not up to Him from afar, as though He dwelt beyond tho stars, neither do wo think of Him as hidden iu tho fathomless abyss; but the Lord is very near. Our God Is " Jehovah in the midst of thee." Slnco tliat bright night in which a babo was born at Bethlehem, and unto us a Son was given, we know God as " Emmanuel, God with us." God is in our nature, and thcreforo very near unto us. "The Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us." Though his bodily prcseuce is gone, yet we havo His spiritual presence with us over- more, for He saith, "Lo, I am with you alway." He wolketh among the golden candlesticks. We liave also the immediate presence of God tbo noly Spirit. He is in tho midst of tho churh to en lighten, convinco, quicken, endow, comfort and clothe with spiritual power. Tho Lord still works in tho minds of mon for tho accomplishment of His purposos of grace. Let us think of this when wo aro going forth to Christian service—" Tlio Lord of nosts is with us." When you call your class to gether in tho Sabbath school, say to your Lord, "If Thy presenco go not with mo, carry rao not up honco." Ah, xrionds, if we havo God with us, wo can hear to bo deserted by mon. What a word that is, " Whcro two or thrco aro gathered together iu My name, thero am I in the midst of them." Shall not tho army shout when tlio King Himself is in their ranks. Let God arise, let liis enemies bo scattered. When Ho is with us, they that hate Him must flco before Him. Bo it our concern so to llvo that we may never grieve away tho Spirit of God, Beloved, there is such abundant consolation in the fact of the presenco of God with us, that if we could only feel the power of it at this moment wo should enter into rest, and our heaven would begin below. It is added, " Ho will rest in Uls love," I do nob know any Scripture which is more full of wonderful meaning than this. "Ho shall rest iu His toro," as ifOuruodhad in His people found satisfaction. Ho conies to au anchorage— He has reached His desire. As when a Jacob, full of lovo to Rachel, ha? at length ended tlio years of Ids scrvico, and is married to his well- beloved, and Ids heart is at rort ; so is it spoken in parable of tho Lord our God. Jesus sees of tho travail of His soul when hi3 peoplo aro won to nini ; He lias been baptised with His baptism for His church, and He is no longer Btraitened. for His desire is fulfilled. Tlio Lord is content with His eternal choice, content with His loving purposes, satisfied with tho lovo which wono forth from everlasting. He is well pleased in Josiu — well plcosod with all tho glorious puipoaos which are connected with His dear Sou, anu with thwo who aro in Him. Ho has a calm content in the peoplo of His choico, as Hoscos thorn In Christ, This is a good ground for our having a deep satu- faction of hcaTt also. Wo are not wlrnt wo would be ; but then wo aro not what wo shall bo. Wo ad vance slowly; but then wo advance surely. t The end is secured by omnipotent grace. It is right that wo should bo discontented with ourselves, yet this holy restlessness should not rob us of our porfoct peaco in Christ Jesus. If tlio Lord liath rost iq us, shall we not havo rest in Hkn ? If Ho rests in His love, cannot we rest in it ? p(1 My heart is comforted as I plainly sco In those worus lovo unchanging, lovo abiding, love otornal— " Ho will rest in Htslove." Jehovah changes not. Rein -r married to Ilia peoplo, 11 llo hatoth putting away." Immutability Is written on uu uoart. iuo turtlo-iloTO, when ho liaa onco choaon bin mate, re mains faithful throughout lifo, and if tho belorcd (lies, ho will, in many cases, pino away with gnol for her, for his lifo is wrapped up in hers. Erenso our lord hatli made His choice of His boloTOd, ana Ho will noror cliango it— Ho died for His church, and so long as Ho llrcs Ho will remember His own lovo, and what it coat-Him— " Who shallscparatous from tho love of Qod which Is to Christ Je3ua our Iordl" " Ho will rest to his lovo." The lovo of Qod to ua is undlaturbod— " Tho peaxa of God, which passoth aU understanding, dwous with Bus lovo— Ho is not diaquiotod about it. buj peacefully loves, and Is novor moved. Tho cum or uodis wonderful to contemplate— His infallible! knowlcdgo and infinite powor put Ilim beyond fair or question. Ho socs no causo of ubrm,.'l3„ ? redeemed, nor as to to tho cause of truth and too reign of righteousness. As to Hb too church, Ho knowa that Bho ia right, or that Ho wUl maiu> her right. Sho ia hoingtransformcd into the lump Joaus, and Ho rcata in tho fuU assurance, that the imago will cro long bo complete. He can carry ou» Ills own purposes in His own way can soe tho harvest as well as tho sowing i therefore Publications. rr.doth "rest i" nie love." Y'on have seen a mother wash her child, and as slip washes its face, tho child, perhaps, is crying, for its does not for the rirpsent einov the cleansing operation. Docs tile mother share the child's pop Does she also cry ? ni. »m «?ho reiolcos over her bane, mm rests in her See knowing tluit the light aflliction of tho little one will work its real good. Often our gnefs are no deeper than tho cry ot a child because of the soan in its eyes. While the church is being washed with tribulations and persecutions, God is resting in His live. You and 1 aro wearying, but God is rcst- ritall rest in Tlis love." The ITehrcw of tliis line is " Ho shall be silent in His love." His happi ness ia hi Ivc so great thrithcdoesnotexpressit, but keeps a happy silence. His is a joy too deep for His love and therefore lie uses no words. .Silence in this case is infinitely expressive. One of the old com mentators snvs, " He is deaf and duiub in His love." as if lie heard no voice of accusation against Ilis chosen, and would not speak a word of upbraiding to her. Remember the silence of Jesus, and expound this text thereby. Sometimes, also, the Lord does not speak to His peonlc. We cannot get a cheering word from Him, and then we sigh for a promise, and long for a visit of Ilis love ; hut if no ho thus silent, let us know that He is only silent in His love. It is not the silenco of wrath, but of love. His love is not changed, even though He does not comfort us. "His thoughts are high, nis love is wise, His wounds a cure intend ; And though He does not always smile, He loves unto the cud." When He docs not answer our prayers with nis band, He yet hears thciu with His heart. Denials are only another form of the same love which grants onr petitions. Ho loves us, and sometimes shows that love better hy not giving us what we ask than lie could do if Ho spoke the sweetest promise which the ear has ever heard. I prize this sentence—" He shall rest in His love." My God, Thou art perfectly OOo'ent with Thy church after all because Tin q kuowost wliat she is to be. Thou secst how fair she will bo when she comes forth from tho washing, having put on her beautiful garments. Lo, the sun goes down, and we mortals dread the endless dark ness ; but Thon. great God, seest the morning, and Thou knowest that in the lipurs of darkness dews TviU fall which shall refresh thy garden. Ours is the measure of an hour, nnd Thine tho judgment of etornity, therefore we will correct our short-sighted judgment by Thine infallible knowledge, and rest with Thee. TIic last word is, however, the most wonderful of all—" He will joy over thee with singing." Think of tlie Great Jehovah singing ! Can you imagine it? Is it possible to conceive of tho Deity breaking into a song— Father, Son, and Iloly Ghost together an in; over the redeemed? God is so happy in the love which Ho bears to His people that lie Lrjaks tho eternal silence, nnd sun and mojn and stars with astonishment hear God chanting a hymn of joy. Among Orientals a certain song is sung by the bridegroom when he receives his bride— it is intended to declare hii joy in her, and in tho fact that his marriage has come. Here, by tho pen of inspiration, the God of love is pictured as married to His church, and so re joicing in her tiiafc ne rejoices over her with singing. If God sings, sliall not wo sing? He did not sing when He made the world. No ; He looked upon it, and simply said that it was good. The angels sang, the sous of God shouted for joy— creation was very wonderful to them, but it was not much to God, who could have made thousands of worlds hy His mere will. Creation could not make Him sing ; and I do not GTen know that Providence ever brought a note of joy from Hhu, for Ho could arrange a thousand kingdom of providence with case. But when it came to redemption, tiiafc cost Him dear. Here He spent eternal thought, awl drew up a covenant with infinite wisdom. Here He gave Ilis only- begot ten Son, and put Uiin to grief to ransom His beloved ones. When all was done, and tho Lord saw what became of it in the salvation of His redeemed, then He rejoiced after a divine manner. What must the joy he which recompenses Getlisemane and Calvary ? Here we are among the Atlantic waves. The Lord Gou receives an accession to the infinity of His joy in the thought of His redeemed people. " Ho shall lejnice over theo with singing. 1 tremble while I speak of such themes lest I should say a word that should dishonor the matchless mystery; hut still we are glad to note what U written, and .we are bound to take comfort from it. Let us liave sym pathy with the joy of the Lord, for this will be our strength. in. I close with a brief word upon the brave con duct suggested thereby. Let us not sorrow under the burden which wo bear, but rejoice in'God, the great burden bearer, upon whom this day we roll our load. Hero it is. " In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not; and to Zion, Let not nine hands be slack." ThcrearethreethingsforGod'speopletodo. The first is, to bo happy. Read verso fourteen—" Sing, O daughter of Zion ; shout, O Israel ; bo glad and rtyoico with all thy heart, O daughter of Jerusalem." Any man can sing when his cup is full of delights ; the believer alone 1ms songs when waters of a bitter cup are wrung out to him. Any sparrow can chirp in tho daylight , it is only the niglitingnlc than can sing in the dark,- Children of God, wherever the enemies seem to prevail over you, whenever tlio ser ried ranks of the foe appear sure of victory, then begm to sing. Your victory will come with your song. It is a very puzzling thing to the devil to uear saints sing when ho soia his foot on them. He cannot make it out— the more lie oppresses them, the more they rejoice. Let us resolve to lie all the niemer when the enemy dreams that we aro utterly routed. The more opposition, tliemore we will rejoice in luo Lord— tho more discouragement, tho more confidence. Splendid was tho courage of Alexander when they told him that there were hundreds of thousands of Persians. " Yet," lie said, " one butcher fears not myriads of sheep." " Ah," said another, " when the Persians draw their bows their ar so numerous that they darken the sun." .. " will be fine to fight iii the shade," cried the hero. O friends, wo know whom we hayo believed, and wo aro sure of triumph ! rect us not think for a single second, if the odds against us aro ten thousand to one, that this is ft hardship; rather let us wish that tliey wore a njilhon to one, tiiafc tho glory of tho Lord might bo au the greater in tlio conquest which is sure. When AUianasms was told that everybody was denying the Deity of Christ, then ho said, " I, Athanasius, 5?,".! i "0 worid;" " Athanamus contra mun- uum becaiuo a proverbial expression. Brethren, H is a splendid thing to bo quite alono in the war- Si tlio Lord. Supposo wo had half a dozon IV?" men aro pot much increase to sirength, .and possibly they may ho a canso of weakness, by needing to bo looked after. If you aye qmto alono, bo much tho better ; there is tho Wore room for God. JSS .nex£ te fearlessness. 11 Fear thon not." 2' i l_nta littlo ? No. "Fear thou not." But Burciy l may show some measure of trembling ? No. thn not." Tio that knot tight about the throat of unbelief. " Fear thou not," neither this .iifv«u-?r any day.f thy life. When fear comes in lnvl yJ.Kivo it no space. If God rests in His tviiit r i I?1 8U1g8» what canst thou have to do nJ. J.1 -r ? Havo you nover known passengers on ft. P> \v.en the weather was rough, comforted iirit!,r?iCa mi e!1Lvv'or ,0 captain? One simple- no .'I?. to his friend, "I am sure there is wV? Year, for . I heard, tho captain wliistl- i„?n >>, ureL'» if the captain is at ease, anil with him mS! tesPoiwibilIty. the paascuger may be still U the Lord Jesus at tho helm is Will i 4.us not bo fearing. Let us havo dono aini iJnu timorous accent. O rest in tho Lord, w»», Patiently for Him, " Your God ivill come wnil,nI218«ulc.®v«n QodwJUia recompense, lie win conio and savo you." - V8.V f-®Alous— ' "Let not thine hands be do iiirr<-ow. thctimo when cvery'CIirLstian should for p?I? Yr tjd than over. Let us plan great things H118 ,0XPwfc fifeat-' tilings frhm -God.' forrLL, i in!10 ban(lfl slack." Now is the hour JSS. n, iled and labors. Since tho advor- tffy shJn1"' lcfc V9,V « they tldnk Wiiltfn fStill i #x(ulj cn(t t US, Ictus rcsolvo to tlilnlr cu;if their faLschcods and doJusions. I challcncro ?# S?rIstten man ahonUl answor tho doubloLino he adversaries of Christ by working causa o f p i rv P|vJnS inoro of his substauco to tlio by b«iS„ 1 » by 1,vb)S tor the glory of God, in uq i!lu0 exacfc hLs obedionce. more earnest "Let woro importunate in his prayers. boly s5«triblnyian?9boalack" my ono part of butcoumJa' a breoderof idleness; Let us pJw\Vi «ie?, U5 i« Lmitablo norsovcrance. toembopB P0 1 would, stir up tho intense z /rtl rt Viurc,b\\. an(l aU nT brethern, to fore, 4au a fi0ul8 t raon. " Thoro- able SwaSS br?)b.ro.a» bo yo steadfast, unraov- as muS ?? J? fuuudi?8 tlio work of tho Lord, for the Lord/ w bat >'our labor is not in vaiu iu Would Ckjd that all were on Christfa eido out of this jeat assembly! Oh Umt you would come to M. V tI,n, a" lUeM liv0 f0r IIim in th0 5Stafek&,,l?,,e,rTe,w guu-'niti<"' 1 'ru niTfl'ii'011 f cl''1,t,lle 1,e:,<1 before Sermon— Zcplin- gllynms from "Onr 0«-n nynin Book "-46. 731, Publications. Publications. 