YdgffS g#L£8. The Marvellous Island. Br Saundebs F. Nicholls. Chapteb I.— MAD FRIEND— MAD DOG. A little snn-dried, heat-blistered boat, without mast or sail, on a glassy sea, under a vertical sun. The heated air is throbbing as though it boiled in the fierce noon blaze. In the boat, two lads, neither of them more than 16 yeaTs of age, hollow-eyed, and thin of frame, whose parched mouths and dried, cracked lips toll of unslaked thirst. A gun, a few dozen cartridges, an axe, a couple of sailors' sheath-knives, a few yards of light rope, and crouched in the bow a large Newfoundland dog. ' George ! George ! Ha, ha, ha !' I had thought that nothing but a sight of glorious, blessed water or land or a n caring snip could nave startled me. We, Hal and I, had lain for — nay I know hot how long, it might be three hours, it might be six — with eyes closed and motionless. This was the third day since we had drained the last drop of water, and for more than a week previously we had lived upon half a pint a day. Lived do I say f Fought off death and madness with that driblet. Let those who would know what such life means try it, with a bare half pint of warm water, in the region of lat. 4 N. and long. 136 E. Startled, I was compelled to open my eyes at the sound of that terrible voice. It was not George's, though it came from him. It was thedry, husky shriek of madness, but the madness of excited joy. He stood erect, with one foot on the seat of the boat, and the other on the gunwale, his hat off ; one rigid arm with extended finger pointing down at me, the other as rigidly extended and pointing down to the sea with maniacal delight. ' George, Ha ! ha ! ' Again the fearfully hollow cracked voice, that appeared to cotuO— that did come from him— and yet seemed not to be of him. ' Water in billions, George. Billions of gallons !' And flinging up his ams above his head, as a diver does, he bent to spring into the sea, into tbe jaws of a demon shark — the huge, euent ghost that had never left us for days past, as though assured of our falling to his lot at last. But as he thus poised himself for the dive 1 was upon him, and, grasping him round the waist, dragged him down struggling and fighting into tbe boat. How he fought ! I was naturally stronger than Hal, and he was more weakened by the want of food and water than I, yet for a time he mastered me. The doing: so I knew meant death to him. for the instant I relaxed my grip he would be overboard aud food for the murderous fish. While the mad fever fit lasted I bad all I could do to maintain my hold of him. At last he got me by the throat, and as he all but strangled me, I had nearly let go my hold, must have done so, but that at the instant Bruce, the old dog, barked hoarsely, uttered a long, plaintive howl, and then sprang towards us growling. This took off Hal's attention for a second, giving me time enough to pinion his arms, and fall with him, he under me, to the bottom of the boat. There the frenzy left him, but not the delusion, for he begged me piteously to let him have 'one drink, only one drink, George, of all those billions of gallons.' Taking my jacket, I put it under his bead, and passing one end of the light line that was in the boat around his waist 1 tied the other to the seat, fearing another attempt to jump overboard. I had no need to fear though, for he was too weak now to gnt on his feet. Rain ! Rain ! How I prayed for rain. It was rain or death, unless indeed some ship hove in sight. My friend, my mate, my dear old chum, for as long as 1 could remember, lay a dying at my feet. He could hardly live through another day of heat and thirst, and by to-morrow night he would be gone. Oh, the folly of that chase after the wounded turtle, that brought us to 'this pass. When the two boats were lowered in the long calm for bird- shooting, and Hal and I, wound ing the turtle, rowed to secure it, and the storm swept up from the south as though it sighted the ship for its prey ; then, in the blinding sea-drift, the huge waves, and phenomenal darkness, we had all we could do to keep our boat from swamping, while what became of the barque we knew not. Then the night came on, and when the morning broke in stillness and sultry heat, the sea heaving in great swelling, sullen masses, we looked in vain for the vessel. Thnt was now 12 days since. The few biscuits we had were gone — tbe little water in the tiny 4-gallon cask gone. For four days we had not tasted food, for threw days not tasted water. And the heat ! I used to say I loved the glorious heat of the generous sun, but then I was Btrong and vigorous. I had food, and oh, more than food, I had water to drink, and shade if I desired it. Now neither, and the heat seemed to me a fierce, unre lenting, maddening tyrant. My throat was dry, my tongue and mouth without mojsture, my lips cracked, ana my eyelids hurt the eyeballs as they moved unmoistened in their sockets, and the skin of my body was dry as shrivelled parchment. How could 1 ever have rejoiced in this accursed sunblaze. And Hal— ah ! Hal was worse. He was better, too, for surely his madness was' a merciful blessing of obli vion to him. ' He no longer asks for water. He lies quiet in his madness. But l;-,am I going mad too ? I remember these things vaguely flitting through my brain, ana then suddenly my heart leaped with a joyful thoughtr-the dog. Why, the dog was meat and drink. Hal should not die yet, but Bruce, poor fellow, he must. I turned to look at the grandioid fellow, reaching out my hand towards the double-barrel gun at the same time; But as I did this, catching sight M the dog, my arm remained outstretched, and I sat immovable, with eyes looking into those of the dog. He was.'Crouched, as . tnough about to spring, his eyes red and glittering, half out of his head, their gaze riveted upon me,1; the ' great Mrs extended ana tremulous, his tail dightly ' waving,- ana a spumy froth exuding from hiA open jaws. Thedog was mad! He was making a stealthy, noiseless forward movement, as though to get neafer f or the spring, and I knew that in a second: or two he would' be upon me ; knew, too, that any sudden m6vement of mine would bring him with one bound at my throat. I dare not remove my eyes from his* the canning of his madness would seize the unguarded moment to spring upon me. Was the gun loaded? I was not sure. We had shot a bird some days and ita M«ilr AaaTi tteA mtv Mtoonfii* Hunger for the time, but had; fearfully increased . our thirst. I did not remember loading that barrel, but surely the other had been and now remained loaded. ? The gun lay just in front of me, the butt resting by my foot, the muzzle in clined forward across the seat in front. A alight elevation of the butt and muzzle would cover the dog. There would not be time to bring the butt to the shoulders— no time to aim ; nay, in advancing my hand to the trigger, as I was 6tealthily doing, I was hastening his attack, for a deep growl escaped him, and he churned the scum that covered his jaws into a viscid froth. Still there was nothing else for it. Unless 1 stopped him, neither Efal's life nor mine was worth five minutes' purchase, and, if I missed him — well, it was as bad, for I had no strength left to contend against his powerful frame. My hand touches the gun, but I- never for a moment removed my eyes from those red and glaring ones that are with such fearful intensity watching me. The fingers gl«fa into the trigger-guard— are on the; left barrel trigger ; I cock the hammer, thertis a gentle' click, and ttagnn moves slightly. Ah, he is at me! Gathering himself into a ball and uttering a hoatee, vicious roar rather than a bark, he bounds forward. I pull the trigger, but the next instant am struck down, my head is driven with fearful force against the gunwale, and I become senseless. . {To be continued.) 