IN THE HOUSE On Wednesday night Mr. Inglis confessed that a Public school teacher at Marrickville, while explaining to his pupils some obscure facts in English history, alluded to the Pope and to Luther, somewhat to the latter's disadvantage. There is a delightful little poem of Thackeray's in which the author of "Pendennis" refers to and applauds the virile doctrine of Dr. Martin Luther, who demonstratively taught:— "Who loves not wine, woman and song, Will be a fool his whole life long." But the entire subject connected with the " monk that shook the world," on the one hand, and the in- fallibility that was announced to the world so im- posingly and so opportunely on the other (the venerable Pontiff's guards, it will be remembered, marched out to say their master was never wrong, just as Emmanuel's grenadiers marched in to say he was seldom right) is too complicated to be more than alluded to in the columns of a newspaper. The Premier expressed his resolve to con- sult Parliament before appointing anyone to report upon the railways of three continents. It is curious, by the way, that no mention was made of the African railroad in this project. Yet, in the Dark Continent are to be found locomotives that daily travel over the best sleepers — the mummies of forgotten Pharaohs. * * * * * It was when the Premier approached the table to give Queensland a helping hand in her present troubles that the House hearkened. Sir Henry began by moving an address of three sentences to the Sovereign of the Empire. The first sentence expressed unlimited confidence in the present Viceroy of New South Wales, tho second suggested that trained men only should in future be sent to govern the mother colony ; the third that before coming appointments to the chief executive office are made the colonial Governments should be taken into their Imperial Mistress's confidence, and told the names of the high functionaries intended to rule or guide them. 'Sir Henry emphasised the fact that the approach of great metamorphoses in nations' lives were often unobserved by the many, and perceived by the few only. He instanced the French Revolution, and referred to Tocqueville (the "De" is left ou advisedly. Those curious to know why can look up the London correspondence on tho subject some years ago) in proof of the oft-repeated statement that none in France knew what waa coming. It is surely time this venerable error was decently knocked on the head and put out of sight. Considering that for years Rousseau, Voltaire, ' and the Encyclopædists had everything pretty well their own way, and that the "cock that crew in Ame- rica wakened the people in France," it is no matter for surprise (Buckle refers to the facts at length) that long before the taking of the Bastille, Parisians of the governing class, feeling some great convulsion in the air, were as eager to lay by or conceal their scintillating crosses and decorations, as formerly to flaunt them. On ' tho whole, however, the Premier's speech had the dual recommendation of brevity and reasonableness. If ob- jections were to be taken to a proposed Viceroy, far better for them to be taken in time than when his ap- pointment was irrevocable. Sir Henry's contention, indeed, appeared to be not so much that the colony should have the power to decide who should be sent, as who should not. * * * * * The Opposition leader agreed with the head of the Government in most particulars. but he considered the projected step an aggressive one. Come to think of it most innovations are aggressions as well. When Canada and subsequently Australia besought respon- siblo government the movement towards such a goal was a much more aggressive one than the present. Mr. Garvan said something of the difficulty of getting a man to suit — i.e., to be politically impartial — under the proposed system. He omitted to say — forgot probably — that the American Union consists of many States ; that some of the communities are as populous as all Australasia; but they manage to elect their own Governors for all that, and seem none the worse for it. Mr. Buchanan was for severing the painter at once. "Wasn't it Jefferson Brick, the New York war corres- pondent, that asked Chuzzlewit, — " See my last article ? Guess it made the ol' lady at Buckingham Palace sit up." Mr. Buchanan seems determined that the aged Sovereign, on whose realm the sun, &c.;, should learn as soon as possible that one of her distant children — New South Wales — is full of life and youthful vigour, with a dash of conceit some might be disposed to say. Mr. Walker alone supported the Central Cumberland one in a desire to flourish the tomahawk of separation and send it through the Imperial tow-rope. According to Mr. W., it was time to get rid of the opinion so long entertained by many, that wherever the British lion prowled the wee Australian kangaroo should be in attendance as a sort of bottle-holder. With a soupcon of atribiliousness entirely foreign to him, Mr. Reid wished to know, " If we became the United States of Australia to-morrow, and the chair of Government | became vacant, who would take the position?'' It would be absurd, of course, to say positively: The person lawfully elected, probably. Mr. Slattery "looked on Republics as a great evil." From which it would seem that he leant towards heredity in Government. This, , at all events, proves that he has not studied past history for nothing. * * * * * Mr. McMillan made no secret of his intention to treat Mr. Buchanan's amendment with contempt. Contempt is'a dangerous method at any time, and should be used sparingly. " I have read your works," said a pro- minent American lady to a famons English novelist some years ago, "and do not care for either them or their author." "Well, madam," responded the un- abashed Briton, "I really don't care." This affected condemnation and its equally insincere indifference resulted in a firm friendship. Yes, contempt is a game at which two can play. Mr. Haynes would "fight for his life" to preserve intact the British con- nection. How the Mudgee member continues to live, considering the number of things, from local government to payment of members, for which he is prepared to die, is somewhat perplexing. Thee Premier at last replied, and, it must be confessed, ventilated some peculiar opinions. He thought the United States an elective monarchy "unworthy of the name of a Republic" Also that " n no civilised government was despotism more ex- treme than in the United States." M. Jourdain spoke prose well into middle life without knowing it. Some- what similarly, the misguided people who shout for the star-spangled banner and the 4th of July imagine they form a Republic when all the time they bow beneath the blindest despotism. Some one should really tell the Yankees what a fool's paradise they inhabit. It is too bad to let the poor people toil along under the impres- sion that they are free. * * * * * Three ghosts only in whom reliance can be placed, are to be found in modem annals. The first was the Cock-lane apparition, in whose oppearances even stout old Sam Johnson believed ; the second was the Don Juan article which, being pursued by the proper person, assumed tbe hulk and body of "her frolic grace Fitz- Fulke;" the third, the shade followed by Barham's cobbler, "Nick," when, with the observation, "The mortar's yielding here, I'll stick my awl," the honest shoemaker brought the neighbourhood, including his spouse, about him. At the beginning of last night's Parliamentary sitting it was thought that Mr. Melville would have added a fourth to the list of those unwel- come guests who every now and then revisit the glimpses of the moon. It was thought, in fact, that his threat of 48 hours ago to cause an entire esposé of the doings at Little Bay Hospital would be carried out But he failed — he brought forward nothing. Ho meekly asked the Premier to institute inquiries into the Little Bay proceedings and punish the culprits. It was the parturient mountain and the ridiculus mus of the fable over again. The Premier stood. He was prepared to follow this deadly nightshade of Little Bay to its lair. He did not profess an intimate acquaintance with pathology or physiology, with diag- nosis, prognosis, or therapeutics. But as a course of treatment for diseases of a serióos nature, he doubted tbe efficacy of ghosts. This, perhaps, is the proper place to say that there was never a hospital since the world began but had a quarrel on hand. Visit any in- firmary and you'll find that the matron, or the surgeon, or the secretary, or the nurses are at the beginning, middle, or end of a dispute. It would appear as if the very air of hospitals was so mephitic that officers and servants were obliged to quarrel in order to purify the atmosphere or die. * * * * * At last came finance. Mr. Garvan set it going. His analysis of the hon. Treasurer's method of keeping account was searching and unfriendly. The system. too, of securing additional income accompanied with increased economy — of proclaiming coram populo that the revenue had been to much greater and the expendi- ture so much less — and at the same time neglecting to account for the money so saved, was open to serious objection. For instance, during 1887 the revenue was ono million greater and the expenditure 1¼ lees than i in 1886; in 1888, 1½, millions additional income and 1¼ millions falling-off in outlay. Where were the savings? "What was the use of saying that one or a hundred millions of money had been saved if no one could tell what had become of it ? Indeed, among the Opposition speakers there seemed to be a general convergence of opinion on the fact that some two years ago or so tho national cradle, then rocked by two horses of exemplary character, Jennings and Dibbs, contained a fine robust infant called the "National Domain." This promising child was stolen by the succeeding nurses, Mesdames Parkes and Burns, and replaced by a plethoric, amorphous youngster named the "Dibbs Deficit,'' of over two million pounds weight. On the head of this poor child were placed all the laches of the new nurse, who went up and down the land saying the most unkind things of the helpless infant. If the new nurses were really sincere, they would incontinently smother the child, and not endeavour to keep their places by lamenting the deceit- fulness of the little one's unnatural parents. * * * * * Drearily and uninvitingly the debate went along, relieved occasionally from oppressive tedium by a per- sonal interjection or a cutting interpolation. "Thought the Government came in to put an end to all this tom- foolery," came sententiously from the left. "I tho- roughly understood why the hon. gentleman devoted his talents to politics" was shot viciously from the right. Warily and worthily in Mr. Garvan's footsteps followed Kr. Lyne, among many others. He, too, was abashed at the subtle "jugglery" used in manipulat- ing the national accounts, but not more abashed than at the Treasurer's forced and hollow laughter (Mr. Burns was at this moment unnaturally sedate and introspective). In the fulness of time Mr. Ellis arose. He seldom is heard above a whisper. Last night he was a whirlwind, a cyclone, a "man that put the sleeper on the rail." In front of him was a book of statistics with a red back. This volume served the double purpose of supplying him with necessary figures, and interposing between his fist and the table. It would be absurd, of course, to say that since Caxton set up his press no tome has been better thumbed. It would be safe, however, to assert that since Cadmus introduced letters, no volume has been more impartially thumped than that which the member for Newcastle laid upon the table of the New South Wales Legislativo Assembly on the night of November 22, 1888. Long, indeed, before the hon. member resumed his seat the conviction arose that if a person had an enemy whom he could turn at will into a book of statistics with a red back, and place | fairly before Mr. Ellis when the latter was throwing lignt on economics, vengeance could reasonably expect no more. Epigrammatic, too, was our member, and, on being slightly interrupted, observed pitilessly, " You're about as polite a committee as I've seen for some time. If people don't know good manners I'll teach 'em," Like a sea- breeze after a sweltering day, like the scent of new-mown hay ofter a month in a metropolitan mews, was the Newcastle One's speech. Opposite him, on the front Oppo- sition benches, sat men who, like certain per- formers at a bull-fight, maddened him with wee darts sufficient to sting, but not to stop. Superbly brushing aside these triflers and their tiny shafts, he went straight for his mark. It may be necessary in the future to provide him with a life-size simulacrum, stuffed with some innocuous material, such as rags or tow, for the purpose of preventing accidents. It will always be impossible to listen patiently to the repre sentative who follows him. 