St Paul's Church, West Maitland LAYING THE FOUNDATION OF THE BELL TOWER. On Friday afternoon a very pleasing ceremony in connection with St Paul's parish, West Mait- land, was performed by the Rev. Canon Selwyn, Vicar-General of Newcastle. St. Paul's has for the past eighteen years been in possession of a peal of bells which have been housed in a wooden tower upon which age and weather have told. And indeed for many years past the tower has been utterly out of harmony with the other appoint- ments of a church. The parishioners therefore, having to a large extent freed themselves from every other liability, resolved upon the erection of a new edifice to accommodate the bells. Several ,nC ti were given, and with large and tfJitodcostwasconsidercdreadilyavailable, S Ire «re mvited. That prepared by Mr. STc'l«, was chosen, and in due time Mr îi Eiehardacn's tender for the work as a whole riepted, Under this very capable contractor ^Mowing sub-contracts have been let: for ÏLS and laying the concrete Mr. B.John Z for all brickwork, Mr. L. Morris; for aU Z work-cutting, laying, carving, and letter iT Mr H. Wall. Mr. Wall, we may say, is the son rflfr Wall, the works overseer of the West Mait ti Borough Council. The tower will be built oi bnokmthBtone dressings, and its style will har ooBiK with the Gothic style of the church. It is »rowr to mention that though the tower only will noir be erected, it forms part of a greater improve oat, iMlwM ia Mr. Lee's design, which will one m_ bo effected That improvement is the deepen- ing of the chancel: when that is done the lower loor of thehelltower will be used for the accom- modation of the choir and organ, and the transept now occupied in that way will bo available for ad ¿tiona! sitting-room The ceremony of Friday "m the formal laying of the chief stone of the to«r. A angularly bright and calm day favoured tho people of St. Paul's on the occasion. The wind prevailing during the earlier part , ol the week had stilled, and the June sunshine was , just warm enough to take the chill off the air. St. Paul's parsonage and grounds bore their usual picturesque aspect ; and the church interior, which i had been handsomely adorned with flowers, ferns, j »ad mottoeB for the ceremony, elicited no small praise from roany of the visitors. The Incumbent , of the parish, the Eev. T. D. Warner, had issued iiTitations to all the clergymen of the diocese to be , prisent at the luncheon and tho service, and the Mowing attended : the Vicar-General, Eevs. ; Canon White and Tyrrell, Eevs. Marshall, Minton- . Senhouse, Nash, Bode, Simm, Hirst, Ollis, Grime, i J. Shaw, A. Shaw, B. E. Shaw, Swindlehurst, Goddard, Priest, Huband-Smith, Warner, and ' Colyer. A very enjoyable luncheon was laid in the ichool-room in Cross-street, the caterer being Mr. < Weyland, to whose assistance in waiting came a ] number of the ladies of the parish. A feature of i the meal waa the absence of beers and wines, tea \ and aerated waters only being available. The Eev. T. i D. Warner presided, having the Vicar- General at i ais right hand. The gaests, who included tho < visiting clergy, and in many cases their wives (who i kad also been bidden), numbered over one hundred, < and after the social meal had been enjoyed, ¡ The Eev. T. D. Warner said he first of i L all wished to express Mb thanks to the i visitors for the trouble they had taken, and ] the sympathy with St. Paul's, which they had i evidenced in choir attendance that day. (Hear, i hoar.) lu sending out invitations to the clergy < and to tho wives of the clergy, his most sanguine ] expectations did not allow him to anticipate such i an attendance of clergymen and their wives as he i saw before him. (Hear, hear.) It was not, ho st- i eyer, hard to search for a reason. He did not wish i to attribute the gathering of his brethren to his i own popularity. Very far from that. Lut when ] any particular parish stood out in defence of certain i lines of thought and principle - such as the < principle of a free and open church- it must win, horn its very isolation, from the singularity of its position, sympathy from surrounding and neigh- bouring parishes. In some measure, he was sure '. inch sympathy brought them there that day. He thanked them for having come. He had hoped to be able to give a history of the bells, but, unfor- tunately, could meet with no authentic record of the parish since the time of the first incumbent. By conversing with some of the older parishioners, h« had got some particulars. The only record he had was that on May 24, 1870, the bells were dedicated during the incumbency of the Rev. J. B. Thackeray, and, at the dedication service, the sermon was preached by the Rev. Robert Chapman, incumbent of St. Mary's. He wished the present incumbent of St. Mary's was there that day, and regretted Mr. Yarrington's inability to attend, However, he had remembered them, and had sent a donation to the tower fund. The bells had been purchased by the first incumbent of St. Paul's, the Rev. James Robert Thackeray, assisted by one of the Loder family, who had given £100, which sum was supplemented by others of the laity. Amongst the names of donors would certainly be found that of Mr, Edward P. Capper, senior. (Applause.) Mr. W. H. Mullen, he was told, built the present tem- porary belfry, and at about the same time Mr Capper, senior, laid on the gas to the church and applied the fittings. Since then the parish had gone on with the belfry, which was very unsuitable for the purposes of a bell tower. For one thing, the bells could only be chimed. In the new structure they would be swung so that they could be chimed or rung. And it was probable their number would he increased from six to eight. In collecting for the tower fund, they had fallen in with a suggestion of the Primate, (and had made the fund part of the Centennial scheme. In taking up the matter they had thought of something over and above the local object. (Hear, hear.) They were working, in connection with tho tower fund, the Church Extension fund. (H«ar, hear.) A liberal list of promises had been received, and many of the very poorest of the people were putting by their penny a week for the great scheme of church extension. The sum of £300 had been promised already that was at the rate of £60 »year for five years, which was better than St. Paul's had ever done before. Nor did their support of a general object in any way cause the local object to suffer. Some of his parishioners had not, it waa true, yetbeen induced tosubscribe to the Church Extension fund, but when the energetic organ- ising secretary, Mr. Simm, made his visit, he might he able to persuade them. At any rate, Mr. Simm would be welcomed gladly in the parish. He would now ask Mr. Edward Capper to present the Viear-General with a memorial trowel for the ensuing ceremony. They all trusted that toe Eev. Canon Selwyn would he amongst them at the dedication service, which, according to contract time, will take place nine months hence. I* was hard to say what might happen in nine »»nths-biithe hoped that Canoa Selwyn and all who had joined in the ceremony of the day would also be prosent at tho dedication service. He would now call upon Mr. Capper. Mr. Capper said he had great pleasure in present- ing to Canon Selwyn a trowel for the purpose of laying the foundr.fton-stono of St Paul's bell tower. And he hoped the examplo of improving the church, set that day in St. Paul's parish, would be foUowed in other parishes. The Eev. Canon Sslwyx thanked Mr. Capper, as th» representative of St. Paul's parish, for that handsome gift. It had taken him somewhat aback, for though he filled the office of the bishop, he did not expect to be treated like a bishop in this respect. It was an important work the parish had under- taken, and he congratulated the people upon it. The explanation Mr. Warner had given of the working of the fund had afforded great satisfac- tion to all who had heard him. (Hear, hear.) They supported not only a local work but also a diocesan work, and he was sure Mr. Warner was right : local works did not suffer when general works were undertaken at the same time. AU present that day, ho wns BUre, wished St. Paul's parish the greatest prosperity. He had been through the Church, and had been struck by the way in which the parish authorities had made that Houso of God beautiful. (Hear, hear.) It had made him wish to improve the pro cathedral in tho same way. He hoped they would continue to carry out all parish work in the way they had begun the present one. The company then rose and proceeded to the church. Tho site of the tower was made gay with flags, and the banners of the Sunday schools, with the new gift banner of the Girls' Friendly Society, were also displayed. In the church, at the beginning of the service, there was -a large congregation. The male membors of the choir in surplices and the clergy came in procession at the northern door, and marehed to their places, singing tho processional hymn, "Onward, Christian Soldiers." A shortened form of evening service was intoned by the Eev. W. K. Colyer, the special psalm being Ps. lxrxiv. The Eev. Canon White read the leison : 1 Cor. iii, 9-14. The following prayer was said after tho third collect : " O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the Living God, who art the brightness of the Father's glory, and the express image of His Person; the Chief Corner-stone hewn from the mountain without hands, and the immutable foundation ; bless this stone now to be laid in thy name ; and as Thou art the Beginning and the End of all things, be now, we beseech Thee, the begin ing, the progress, and the consummation of thiB our work, undertaken to the glory of Thy Holy Name, who, with the Father and the Holy Spirit, livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen." During the singing of the hymn "We love the place, O God," an offertory was made. The Vicar-General preached from 1 Peter ii, 6 : " Wherefore also it is contained in the Scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner-stone, elect, precious: and hs that believeth on him shall not bo confounded." He pointed out how it was the manner of the Master to bring before men lessons in spiritual things drawn from everyday occurrences. He re- cognised the fact that human nature was closely connected with that invisible order of things of which God equally with visible things was the creator and upholder-with that world peopled with spiritus^ ^eings, with the hosts of the angels. The whole Äiverso was thus connected together, from its Head to its lowest member. Therefore it was perfectly natural to find that everything by which we are surrounded may be made use of as a lesson in spiritual things. To-day they were assembled to do a certain act : to lay the foundation stone of a portion of a House of God. They found in this verse from St. Peter that a familiar act was used to teach a great spiritual truth arising naturally out of it. A material building such as they were about to raise must have foundations, or it would not stand. The building they were erecting in that parish, in order in some degree to carry still further towards completion that Houbo of God,-concerning which he had sympathy with them and praise for their evident desire to beautify it-that foundation stone ought to signify to them, bring before their minds, something far more important. It should remind them that in the spiritual temple thero was a great foundation stone laid - than which, as the apostle says, no other foundation can be laid in that temple, and which shall abide for ever. Isaiah had said to the men of hiB day, speak- ing for Jehovah, " Behold, I lay a in Zion a chief corner stone, elect, precious," and declared that that stone wa3 the Lord Jesus Christ, " and who soever," says St. Peter, " helieveth in Him shall he ? confounded." A building erected on the Lord jesus Christ shall be a building enduring for eter- nity. The spiritual structure which each man for himself must raise must be founded on the Lord Jesus Christ. So building, we shall in duo time enter the eternal kingdom, and see Him fac» to face, and fulfil those glorious duties which we bo perfectly able to fulfil. Wo must seo that our foundation is well and truly laid in Jesus Christ, and so erect a spiritual temple, each one individually, to the praise and glory of Almighty God. Taking care to do our duties in life worthily we shall become spiritual stones, acceptable to God. They need have no doubt that the work they were to partake in that day would be accept- able to Christ, that it would please Him, inasmuch as it was the outcome of an earnest desire to set forth the glory of God, and to help in the salvation of souls. Undertaken in that spirit-and it was the only spirit in which it should be undertaken it was a most glorious work. It was not a mere work of mortar and stone, and wood and iron-hut all these signified to them that they were engaged in a work for the salvation of the souls of men. Through- out all past time it has been the custom of the Church of England all over the world to build-in some cases magnificent temples to the glory of God, with towers pointing to heaven. There were occa- sionally towers attached to other buildings, but for the most part they were devoid of the spiritual significance so palpable in the case of church towers. In great cities, alike above the roofs of the palaces and the cottages, rose towards the skieB hundreds of spires which seem to direct the thoughts to heaven, and tell the wayfarer that beneath those spires lies a House of God, devoted to God's service ; that there is made continually to the Lord God prayer that He will descend and bless His waiting and worshipping people. There- fore he trusted that the tower of St. Paul's, as well as the sister-tower of St. Mary's, would remind those who raised them of the glory of God, and be ever expressive of a desire to woi-ship and praise Him, ever a place where young a'nd old come to receive instruction. He hoped to that church which they had done so much to adorn they would always bring their families to know and worship and serve God, that they would he regular in their kneeling before the Holy Table ana partaking of the Holy Sacrament, and thus would become a spiritual priesthood offering a spiritual sacrifice acceptable to Jesus Christ. In using that House of God for worship they would alone* fulfil the objects of ita S founders. It should be a source of continual blessing, as well as a cause for landablo pride. For they were right to take pride in an edifice which contributed to tho glory of God, and to tho salvation of souls. He trusted their zeal in this respect would stimulate others, and that other parishes would take it in hand to beautify the Houses of God in their midst. He trusted that as the years went on that House of God would grow in beauty, and that the number of people flocking to it and highly valuing it for its glorious purposes would increase. They should remember each one of them, as he had already said, that be was a stone in the spiritual temple of which Jesus Christ was the Chief stone. And though some might think themselves small insignificant stones in the temple, not onp would be forgotten by the King in his glory. In proportion as they were true stones of the spiritual temple, as they perfected themselves by holiness, by doing the will of the Master, He would place them in the eternal Kingdom, and reward their faithful service. God grant, he said, that no one present might bo missing at the Great Day, but that «very one might be found worthy to enter the glorious Kingdom, and receive the crown of glory, a Kingdom against which the gates of hell shall not prevail, and which shall remain for ever and ever. A procession was then formed to the stone, the processional hymn being, " Through the night of doubt and sorrow." Then tho Vicar-General said : Our help is in the name of the Lord : People.-Who hath made heaven and earth. Behold, saith the Lord, I lay in Zion a chief corner-stone, elect, precious : People.-And he that belicveth in Him shall not to confounded. The stone which the builders rejected : People.-is become the head-stone of the Cerner. This is the Lord's doing: People.-And it is marvellous in our eyes. Other foundations can no man lay than that is laid: People.-Which is Jesus Christ. Lord, hear our prayer : People.-And let our cry come unto Thee. The following prayer being said : O Almighty God, from whom all Holy desires, all good counsels and all just works do proceed ; we give Thee humble thanks that Thou has put it into the hearts of Thy servants to erect a tower, which shall contain bells calling all to Thy house for Thy wor- ship. Bless and protect, we beseech Thee, all who shall labour in this work ; bless all who for it have offered, or shall offer, of their substance to Thee ; and grant that, begun in Thy Holy Name, it may, by thy continual help, be carried on and speedily completed, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen, Tho Vicar-General proceeded to lay the stone. Before he did so, Mr. Kendall read the inscription on the parchment placed in the bottle, as follows : " Be it known hereafter unto all, that this tower (to be used as a belltower in connection with the Church of St. Paul, West Maitland) is erected as a commemoration of the Centenary of the Church and the Colony. The foundation stone was laid by Arthur Edward Selwyn, Canon, and Vicar-General, in the presence of several of the Clergy and Laity of the Diocese, on the fifteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord, 1888. Thos. D. Warner, In- cumbent ; Messrs. Harry H. Capper, J. A. Pul brook, and George Bromhead being the Church- wardens ; Messrs. W. Symington, C. E. Crutch, F. Coles, E. W. Norman, H. Trenchard, S. Payten, T. P. Hammond, W. Cracknell, Jas. Peek, E. T. Phillips, W. F. Morris, and H. Henderson being the members of the Parochial Council ; Edward P. Capper, Hon. Treasurer ; Hobt. Kendall, Horn. Sec. of the Building Committee ; Arthur C. Lee, Architect ; and James Eichardson, Contractor, the cost of the tower being ¿61626. Laus Deo." The Vicar-General, having laid the stone, said : In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation stone of a belltower, to be used in connection with the Church of S. Paul's, West Maitland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Lord's Prayer being said, the pro- ceedings closed with the hymn, " O Lord of Hosts, whose Glory fills," and the benediction. On the side of the stone was cut the following inscription: "To the glory of God, and in com- memoration of the centenary of the colony, this stone was laid by Arthur Edward Selwyn, Canon, and Vicar-General of the diocese, June xv, MDCCCLXXXVIII." On the trowel, which was of silver with an ivory handle, the following inscription was placed : " Presented to Arthur Edward Selwyn, Canon, and Vicar-General, on" the occasion of laying the foundotion stone of S. Paul's Church Bell Tower. Maitland, June 15, 1888." The offerings on the stone amounted to -C2G Os 9d. After the ceremony, the visiting clergymen and their wives wore entertained at tea at St. Paul's Parsonage. 