I Table m\\. TUB chief poll (lent ovont oL' tho wook lm« boon tho mllon promlnouco of Ml*. 0. 33. »lonos, Tho adroit siDik'i' for lOtinb I In 1 la rat has long boon a blovoi' whip },f the Opposition, bill. ho 1ms now dovolopod Into a per. A Militate!1 ol' tho Crown has publicly abused I'm.nin'ocuwllng no Oablttofc would allow unions t hoy f-.ui.ltheir opponent. That spoooh of Mr, Pow's at t'lkni, on Mom lay, was a mlsorablo I'allut'o, as woll i-.ipii.'co<if >liiK'kiiig bail tasto, Kvon tho oluuupntfiia wiIiihmI imdlcnco IVIt disgusted at tho ooarso and u;iiii'lll','|l)ki comparison ol! tho Opposition to thci Wiocliiipi'l murdoror, and Mr, Dow would have slopt »w happily II! ho oottld havo poi'suadod tho reporters >>hvo that part out of tholi* " ciopy," .Spooohus out oP fiiliiiiinmt by inuinbora of tho dovornmont aro a very ifatlvinvi'iijiim wliou woll haudlod, but; Mr. How Is ijU'lmiHy for that sort of combat, Al'tbr that addross HullllliM (who oorlfilnly has mora «avoir /aire t han UTiitWiiu'iahor oL' tho Clovornmoiit, though Inollnod nWnmlWi, ospuolully al'tor a hoavy dlnuor) rooojjt V"'lni (iiiuo tluil somo oonoosslon must bo inado to iMOppoiittoii, and HO Ah', 0, .10, Jones soorod tho movo, l"llit futui'i) will havo to bo troatod with dol'oronoo. '' i* nmiiHliiut to road In tho dally papors how t ho fyMtlmi littM boiiu " ddWtiil" Into abandoning lis ''VilliInV pulIcy, ; ' 'H * * ? j A, I'littorson, ol! tho llrut nl! Patterson and ^ will pvobiibly lui a (jandldalo I'm" I'tii'llamonlary tlio tmxt Konomroloatlriii, ' iVfr, Bowman tho ".iwinliof |'m, Miii'yljoi'outclii' i' aiw told, will aontost ntf/ilu itwalu^tall ootuoi'iv.-! ? -v \ /r ': u iron bio In tho aamp ol! tho AttHlrallanJ '^"'"'luilou, owliitf to tho objection raised by jl°'l'"u'"il""'stho uxooutlvo board against Di', '!'? IV J11''111")', ilui pi'OMUIijiiti ol' tho Melboilriio branoh oP, .j,.'"'^'"""Htdniui'vlowlng and oovrospriudlny with Hi'IUkhiim on pubiio topics, alVootluw' thoroby! it'inij '"l0 A«MOOIh.M(III, Tho wholo ol! Mio li 1,111 I'10 pro pi mod Nat I VON' ooiiWI't.; ^,1. "ppuars, obtalui'd tho pal ronago oP il" 11111 ills Honour Mr, iTiinfclou "WIUInillHi' *'111",(V' 11,1 mid otlioi'i'ii'diulnoiit nal'l 0 H' onn.-ailtlii^ his own branoh um lnv.Mh*| lulvisibility uf Ini|iI(nti' sik.III n cnucr'i'l, or obtaining' loavo 1'imnil l ho linnnl of dlrootor* to inovn In tho mill t or u* j i I'o.ir;!'! 1ji>( I l>y tho ritlba. Another «««!«» of tho yooo i) I, 11 Inti i rl)a Ji co Is tho fact that .Or, iWcdiioruay ooutiiiuuloatod direct \v(( li Ooloaol llrownrly:#, tho< pro*out Commandant ot tho Victorian foroos, on tho sulilout ol! tho propound formation of an Australian Natives' Dol'onoo dorps, l)r, M'lnornoy, la this In.stanoo, nsUutl Colonel IJrown rlyy; to attend a mooting; of tlia Molljottrno Mranch for tho purposo of having- polntod out to lilin thai hUstato meats In tho press, In rol'i.'runeo to tho formation of it, ?Native Corps worn erroneous, Altogether matters aro very lively now amongst tho Natives, ntx 1 rather strained relations exist between Mount1#, J. L. l'tirvos< Field Harrotl, ami Dr. M'fnornoy, . * * CohON'tjrj BrownrlKgi niul tho other Kngllsh ollloor.s at tho head of t ho dol'onoo I'oroos, wore, an many pooplo aro awaro, vory nnioh nettled at the sovorlty of tho url( lolsms passed on Mtofr admin 1*1 rati vo oapaoff io.s, a*' shown at tho oadot, oiuiampinont, .Vovorthelo.ss, when I llrst hoard that a press oonsorshlp was to ho ostah. Halted at all I'uluro ououmpmontH and military Iiin[)OuMoiiH) I did nob think of It otherwise than as a manifestation of petitionee,' Sir iTome.s Lnrlmoi', how ever, has htnI i ho mat tor seriously brought under Ills notion, and I inn told on good authority that Colonel Prieo will ho appointed oensor, lias the Minister of Oofotieo over road how l.)on Quixote refrained from again testing lil.s haliuot; nl'fcot* (to had ropalro<l tho damtiKON oaitftod l>y IItu llr.it (rial / llooattso a Ny«toiu won't huar oi'ltlolsm doe* t lm uhsouoo of oiitlofsin make It; hot lot'I '? j still tluvt. Ml', l'\ N'andorkolmi, who, wlion muttoi'K wore iiilsinonoged I" ' I'0 Uellgian Court of tho I MHO Melbourne Kxhlblllon, wnxnpi'inliitocI by M", Hookx, tho OoiimiiI ttttd r'niiinir^louoi' Oonorol for Belgium, to oon« Unite I,ho work nf tho'thoii Moerotary'; ha« it' boon appointed tosuoooyd Mi CIiihIou Thlory us noting score, tnr.v, during that go,ottoman's lUmenou In Now South Willow, M.'TUIory, I may mention, I* a young gentle intui iihoul iJI yearnof iigo, and well oonnoukid at homo, ' : ' . ' V . ' . . , : ' ., « . - t ' IN iifliuioutiou' with llto llolgluu Ootiri; f < lio/vi» from .Wiii'riiiunboril .Unit Iho (i'liMi.tum ol! llto Art (litllory of' < liluif I6\vu ni'O'Vory li'iilo wllh tiinso who iinvo ollui'gohf Mtet/nolglmi Art! CIhUoi'.V. Tho W'tu'rniimhriol 'ponplo Iin<t bought 11io bountiful piilntlnij, by Andro Pluniot outltlod Tl 10 Hollow Itoad I'm' ii'hiiiii ol! .Ul'i, A doposlt was sunt, to llin Supoi'liilnudont of tlio (''Inn Arts, but subsoijiiout ly It was tllMoovorod by .somnonn that tha artist's prlu i was lliri ^ulnoas, and tha sola was caticollad, Tho samo plctura has slnou boon put'olmsad by tho t rustous ol! tho Smith Australian Art Clallory, who Itavo just spuut ili I,mi llorman, I''raiioh, mid lloljflfni works ol' art at tho Uxhlbltlon. Tlio W'iiit* uiunbaul pooplu liavo oortiilnly a jjunuluo grlovauoo. « « . OavaIiI'iKI'i Uruitoltl, tlui Consul IW Italy, lia« sunt In his rusitfiiatlou as a nioiubor ol* tlio l'*tno Art ('out* inlttoo ol! tho nontoiiulal Kxhlbltlou, To«l11ip; that his rotontlou ol.' an olllco which bt*lhjjt.s vory lltMo honour, and .subjoots Its holdoi' to a groat. dual ol' dlsuourtusy, Is Inuoinpatlbto with tlio inuliituiiuiioo ol! his Molf«rospuofc as a gontlonmn, and with his position as tho roprosonla tlvo In'Molboui'tto ol' Ills Mujusty tlio KIiih' OI! Tlaly. Tho C'hovallor Is a man ol' tasl o and null tiro, and IiIh ndvloo and oo-opumtlon woro nuuih valitod by IiIm oolUnguos, who will rogrot' his withdrawal," II'. Indood, (hoy tiro not li'i'llatod Into following I1I.1 c.\'iVniplo, « A£U, 131'11 Isl!oI'd Smith, M.P. for Cornwall,. naticini paulud by his wll'o, arrlvod front Sail J^runulsoo, j ,Mr. Smith Is making h lout' ol! tho (Kiloidofi during : |.|m I'urllatnimlary rooosn, and will wo baoU,fully, prlinod, to I oi'ltiolno Alt', IfonnlUor iroalon's l'.avoi:llti. {tdiomo* uoiioornlug Australia. , , 1 , Hi HI ? . . . . m . Ttti'i muutlonlng ol! Cornwall' naturally Iiihin ono'* thought# to Mit| uoppor and, allvor mining, N'n|.wlth« standing"tho wild' ItuoUuvtions In tlio Kiigllsli 'i|'uota« tlotts l!oi* tin and ooppor during tho prusont your, I'lumi It. on I'olliiblii authority thai.' I ho nbsoluto <iciii*untptl'oh ol! tlio muMtl by iiiiviiullivotni'oi'H h Mioli that fornovoriil yoivrM ItM IowonC pi'Uio fuusfc IJO about iiiHI, and thai only for 11 mouth or two at 11 tlnio. ThyVo aro hnni.v'ViHhdm In AtiHlimlla, OHpoolally In Quuo'hAl'aiid aiid' tlio"Noi'tli« "oi'ti Territory, wltoro tn'illtlng I'okh than iii IOQ pot' ion will pay I bull'In tin wo dint rloU, want of walor p ro VOIIIm . l.ho nil HUM bulug worltod nil tho your round ivtid tliolr iu'o avallablo Juafcuk'thobosl> «oa»cm ol! fcho yoav1 l!oi' a I'lslitg mtu'lcoii,' Tho v<imiVloi\ nf duly on tin platoH In Uio Iftilfcod SfiafcoN will ItiordtWo tlio ox poet to Amorlaa onormouHly, atul II! tho mippllon of nuilial aro fmlHolontly largo to otismi'o it lop prloo nf noli inoroi tlmii dUOO pot1 ton I'eoali' hw'I'UOIn 'would tili onoo bo opened up. For Instance, China, Japan, and India may be said lr^ bo praetinnlly imlouchod as I'nv ns domestic''ittonsils go, , 11 All thing's considered," say my informants, ." thoro will boa big boom In tin ml hps In Australia whon oompanles htivo learnt' how to treat their ovo3." "Ono 1ms but to , recollect tlio disastrous failure of! the Ta11angatta and the JSuriowlo nuvohinery to realise how ignorant Australians are In the mattor. . iH -? » m. ? ' COPPER is a mineral, which, in Australia is the easiest of all to discover and work, but the enormous lodes in tho Northerm Territory will for tlio most part be unexploited. for years in consequence of the diffi- culties of transit. Many developed mines also have given no, dividend in consequence of tlio low ruling pvico ol! the metal. The famous French syndicate has at' last "changed all that." After a life and death struggle with the English ring organised to keep tho prion down, the Frenchmen have triumphed, their profit, it Is stated amounting to over £7,000,000. No wonder .the Rothschilds, 'Barings and tlio Bank of France supported them. Mr. Russell Barton, the chair man of the Nymangou Copper Mining Company ol' Now .South Walos, who cortalnly knows what he is talking about, says that " beyond all uumiior ol' doubt copper will koop up tonboul ili70 or ;C80 por Ion for a nuinlu>r ol! years." a prioo which will pay any nilno wll liln ensy roach 01! a railway or tho soahoard; TUB all vol' market, T am told, Is approaching a poviod of acuto disturbance. Many exports regard its prosont prioo of from Hh. (Id, to Hs. 8d. as too low, but until bho supplies can bo mora accurately ascertained it will bo tho prey oI! syndicate* for tlio rise of full Japan, for Instance, Is longing to Introduao a sllvi'j' ouvronoy, but fears that, tho inoinont It goes into tho mnvlcot for tlio purpose silver will go up to a prohibi tive) prloo. Meanwhile largo consumers aro playing Into tlio liantls ol' tlio boars, and owners'of si Ivor mining shares look on uneasily, It js not tho prloo ol' sllvor, however, wldoh should oausu fctiom uneasiness for they havo but to hold tliolr metal for a month or so and a rise must oomo j but there are few mines that will give a profit on tho oiitragoous prices given for loaaos and to promoters. Even tho mighty UroUeu Hill Proprietary in regarded by some exports as too costly an Invest inont, They have nut yob proved a lode below tho water level, and tho appearance of eoppor In tho Jntulesou qhivt't Is looked upon as ominous cil! the sllvor disappearing, Nevertheless, the moment one otiior nilno In that district- pays a dividend tlioro will bo a revival oJ! tlio buom. Tun oommonl-s .mado In somo London papora on tho piwpootH ol! tlio Uttmborhiud No, I North Mining Company aro vory Interesting, I Coyo aro Homo ro murk* referring to tills Qnoonxluiul mlno i~-" Hubsorlp* tloiiN .for 70,000 sharon ol! £1 aaali In tho Cumberland No. 1 North Gold Mining1 Company, Llmltod, ara :lnvltod, TIiIH ? company-«tha capital ol! whloh Ih 1«.100,000-IN formod to nuqillt*u nnil uoiit luitu tlio work ing oL'a inlno In QuooiiHland, adjoining tho mltuw ul' tho Cumberland Gold Mining Company, Limited, who ui'o Dio vondora ol' tho properly, Tho promoter IH Sir, ! .10, W, D, Longdon,a Hharoholdor In tho vendor oniu« p.vuy, and ho Ih to rooolvo &!),000 to pay tho u.vpuiiHuN of formation, printing1, advqrtlHlng, logal ohargon, and NIIIKII'Ium, This, of ootirHO, Ih In addition to. tho amount to Ijo paid for tliu property, which Ih 70,000, Tho promoter Ih mm ol'tho dlrocitora ol! tho now company,.! and t wo of IiIH oolloaguuw aro alno dlrootoi'H of other mining tinpaiiIom. It Ih Intlinalod that no call will bo macla and no pnroliiwo moiioy will lio paid until nflioi' tho property litis boon examined and reported upon by roproMi.'iilullvi'H ul' iho company | i(but an lb IH obvlotiH that tho director* will liavo tho iiowor ol' making a oal|1 and paying iho [Hi 1<< tloMinililc, thU Is not a vory groat liuluooinout to. In* VU^UiCrti1* * ^ * * 1 IIUAH lliivl. IHIIiiim'(>IIH WllhoilKW IU'0 jllHt now being liulohud by W.vdiwy ki|V| Melbourne Hpooulaloi'H J'or utilising HID vum u-uo,^. xow (Inliiuii lands, Them |jt fpi'lninly considerable script' for leyil imalc cnfer pi'lso; l»(if lirnv many H t > 11M i Sou Hubbies will I in blown by the naii^hly boys cit* eniuinoreo tinder tlio pret ex I oi' gannlno business. 11 w « . Tin? .movement orlylualnd by Mr. T>erbin "\VU1dor to wipe off tlio Molljounie Hospital tlobb of 1110,000 promises to onrt In spoody .success, " Ho ylvos twloo who gives quickly," but Mr. WJllder and Mr, J. S. But,tors, than whom thoro Is no bettor beggars for oliarl tio.i in Melbourne linvo had to as1c for several oE thoso hundrod pound cheque, not many being voluntarily offered, Many of thesei charitable donations ronilnd.. mo oC tho cynical Itnlian proverb, "\Stoal a pound of wax, and give a tnpor lo the virgin." M, LTJVV IViN'i}, JYirinorly n wel l-knowu P«r(shanker, Inst month committed sulcido by drowning', at tho afro of 7*i. I 1tnvo glancicd throiigh tlio Frouoh pripers, nnt'l wil.h tlin axooptlmi o'f ono nt' two, nil wro silent on I lie subjoot, iiiul yet had tho ovont lakon plaoo (lit a on yon is bo I'd rn, tho annoitn corn out would have on used a pnnlo In financial olrclos, and tho Slock ICxchnngns oil Kuropo would havo boon nlToctod to an unnsunl oxtont. M, Lnvy I liny til Mint llnio was a rival of Bothsohlld, and his establishment at 102 Uuo Rlehollou was* con sldorod ono ol' tho most Important financial Institutions. His kilter* to tho Diw-Nmivlvme Stvole and tlio D bats on poll!loal, literary and social topics worn road with" avidity, and tlioro was no mora popular man In Paris at tho tlmo than tho banker who has now so rashly innilo away, with himself, His lltorary attainments, though not of a solid diameter, woro ratod exception ally high, aiul ns M, Blug was in ovory sense of tho word a solf-niado man, may bo said to havo boon phenomenal. Ho was Prosldout of tlio G'onslstolro Israelite, and In this capacity was a colloaguo of tlio Paris Uotlischlld, Ho was member of nearly all tlio learned bodies of IVrauoo, find was oonsldoi'od a patron of art and solonoo, a groat philanthropist. Ho was urged to stand as a Parliamentary oaudklato for ono of tlio largo arrondlssonioiita'ot' Paris, and though ho niado preparations to onsuro success, ho was beaten by a small majority, I do not know whether tlio lato lluauolor received out-door rollol! during tho last fow years ol! his life, or was supporfod by tlio charity of friends or bouovoiont Institutions, but I do know, (hat although ho failed for a sum ol! something llko two hundi'od million francs, ho was a f tor wards living In n garrot In a low neighbourhood, Tlio oarooi* ol! this l'omarUablo man should bo studied by somo of our haughty papor millionaires, who havo risen to apparent, alllutinco on tho waves of several mighty booms, I Onk oj: tho most pathol'lo Inoldonts In oonnootlon ?.wIMi tho tragically middon donth of tho Clovornor ul! QuooiiHlaud wiw whon, al'lor tho funoraL had lol't. Govornmont 'IIiiumo, poor wldowod Lady Musjjfmvo walkod up to tho.oluiro.li alono, wooplug us II! hot- hoart woro broakliiK, al'lor having hooii tho Inst ol! lit" mournful ooHtf/tv Tho path was,full of .sad momorlos for ovory Huiulny mornhiH tho Clovornor and hl«wil!a walked to nin 1 from oliui'olt, rooolvlngas thoy paswitl along salutations from other mom how of! tho oongroga Mon, which thoy oordlully roturnod, Now Iho wholo nil' WUM ohllVgod with HOI'l'OW.ful rooollootlon#, l!oi' Oil this aunlvornary, too, tho Uth Ooloboiy hor lltllo datighlor hud dlod, through falling Into n hath of soaldl'ig wator during tho momontnry absonoo ol! hoc nui'Ho, Lady Musgravo loft flovoruinont; Houso In a oloHotl oarrlago, iuid sloppod noar tho ohui'oh, At tho ilttlo Iron gafco ol! tho ohuroh grounds whloh lod to Mia vostry a polloonuin was standing on guard, iiihI a* ho «aw. tho shroudod llgtwo approooh, whoxo vory gal(; faltorocl with hor groal sorrow, )m mIIumIl.v throw opon tho gato, tho lady passud through, and wont alono to' woop pvor hor doivd husband, and allow hor hrokon hoarl Its only uoiisolatIon, lloth "lie and ho who now lay duad had trlod tu purform lliti dutloN whlnh tholr high olllco onlallod upon Ihoni, mid ynt, ovon at this Mine, hiir oars rung Willi Hie oruol words, whloli had Ikhiii nttorod by nioi'o than 0110 who had hrokon broad at hor lablo, I hat "It wan no hardor for Lady iWusgravu l o 1 nsip ft linsV>rmd than for nny ot'lmr womu«, In illnstmt-.c t lie horrible nidclcccy ami li.vjiflpri,v t stirrmmded Kor, U»c*u fecipto \vcr« ut Urol very nJVcotinp: well shmdiUcd "t'lof In Ihn l'i moral inuccs.. wUlilii 'u i'mv yard^ ol: Hio soi'mv-^i'iekcn, wnmnii. wlioso 1 n-itrlit dny 1md boon tum^l i,uo blnfiljosf; nijrld.. 'Ihh duties of! a Governor's wtfo avonot emilvnn! Mood by those whoso social position |s w, " ' 1 tlio broat.lv of imbllo opinion hi )l0 w ' them. For, tho position of u Uovornor, whi,.|, oxaltod arid oh viablo, is in rimllty Jnythin. T"! sinecure, and the Queen's representative ims in ,v'".| hard as I ho lowest ottlcor oil tho Clnverinuoiii. ffj,", cmnnot. lmvo a oirclo of sympathising frlo««K«'^ other woman has, on account ol' tlio ii».TO> (.lM V jealousy "which would Ml H10 inlml r.r ,.niv'"t visitor at. ClovornntonI, House. This \Vi»« apparent as In Lmly bereavement. t'"r soul ciuno near hor to say 11 kind \VOlvl, vv;,}l exception ol' Sir Thomas M. 11 wraith-for sont tho day after the I'mturnl-im.l |,Ul|y oc,,,,,, Tho only rent friend Lad.v Mii-unir.: |,n,| j" colonies was Mrs, Noutnr, of Adebddi-. who i, England, and whoso Iclndly feeling would lum-fc most; grateful lo hor widowed frleml, it j, j, Musgrivvo's Intontion to return lo her sons in whoro tho oldest Is n inldshlpnmn In die lioy.i) Si ami tho oilier two are nl nn KnglMi public ,p|, Shu lonvos J Jj'Ishaiio by I lie Jumna on Tins,lay u and after spending u few weeks with Iwr .|>:i lovod children, will return to her former limuo Now Yor1<, ' * 9 4 T-ttJ'iinuoh-rogroltud death of Mr. KongMfiiir good story told ol! hint In Ills early colonial night, whllo driving at a lute hour toward* .. N'ulM Ida mansion at. Kast Melbourne, in a eal> whleli hot used to specially Idro l>y tho day, ho was lmlMl>y woary pedestrians who wanted a ride. With hi- h consideration ho ordered the eabman to stuji und t thorn 111. Tho night being dark, aiul'seeinj; 11 chit In front, t.hoy, with tlio true larrikin Mpii'lf. Hmi tlioy would have some fun, and eouummeeil hi fIf u stylo o I! "John, no saveo," To their axtoni-linniit supposed Heathen Chinese addressed Ilium a* l'"H" 41 (.lontloinuu, I am .not. I'lvuilllar with Kuirll-li -lunsv It1 you eanuot speak your own liin^iuiur'> tuuif.-tI shall bo Imppy to converse with ,voii In Kreiich. iiii Htanoo. or Malay, I wish to Inform ymi, Iimvo that,this la my prlvnto eab, whleli I Imd plfn.-uv Htojfplug for tho noyoinnuidatloii, as I tIimu^Iii, goulloiuou, but as I poroolvo I lmvo mwluii mi«tnN will now afford 1110 Htlll greater pleasure to alight," Tlio lloelliign ol' tlio dlsuoiiillti'tl uwhrr term, luiwovoiy not known In tlioie iluy^ iw 1 quickly got TilII University Union ooinmliti'e In vf«-w . dlmoiiMlrins whloh tho .society Is iissuiiiliisf hu to gat a ptvhl soorotivry. I uudoi'ftiuiiil ihut Mi. Mo'l anal tho foruuu' lion, seeretury Im- ' i 'UUiialuioUHly linUod to midorlulso llie piwllluii. will thou bu Hindu to iwtublIhIi IJukyor-'lty In town*-a projuut whleli win* nn>'»Ui but whloh. full llii'ougli on uoo/mitt ol' u of opinion botwoon the promoters nM |n ' l'' wliloli llm club wus lo. IJU uilubll^liuU. Tjiio Uiilvurrtlty ooiiuuU m'u Itivlilii^ ui'P for two now PI'OI'OMHOI'M - one tho otlior ol' iiiuhIOI '.I'ho nuliU'.v i' 1 ^ In to begin at tU7flO por liiiiium J' liiiireineiiis to .CUOU -when U Mm lit! lor l« to bo .CHJUU por ' tl ,MlV iippolnl inonl I.m Kol' llvo,VOHM. Wl1 l,o lnUeii shortly to IIII Hu. ['"Hltlon " ' natural philosophy, htl'l vivi'iint by l10 1 ol! I'rul'osMor AndroWi aimiv,U lutckuoyod old phraso as it i. " ,ll(. prcsuiil acajou and horsy tivlk belli*. * 1U.V wuloi* lool< to mo for a »' tip,* : f"r iiirommUoti nUtoi* tho mco. lma boon won u- I ««» tolU'V l'oatloiy? 1 dm,r U,(' Ji"° l|l;l,''!''VU. l'"t l have no objection to giro thorn a bit {**'1 to spoon In to upon. For tlio Dorby fcbo ilmt Mclusftlul Carbine will bo so oocuplod earfi other that it quite po-sslblo Mr. <*>1* Snowfool tuny win tho Blue llibbon. 11 "vioH of Snw'rtrrott'i by Norma, did tlio Maiden P V,,,i r 'utilflolil i» 1 miu. -lOscio., but won in such , 4 to slum- tlmt IL' required lio -would provo n rj «rcr. There's sporting phraseology for- you ftrfntmo'w do you w.mt/ " B.iok Arsenal for it |lT iit Ik- cup," is "'I that iiiy sporting friend will to in 1'uyiUH.l to tlio Melbourne Oup. Jin Milt O'SluumsHy, litis tlio reputation ol1 being LcI'kIh iti's betting t rnimotlons, aiid-of kooplitg a .Jltliiiig nil to himself, but ho nud bin lioiiabnioi^ viJB'vu/ mid Jiick .Saqui lot tbo luoinboiy ol! tlio team vliib i,lt0 1,10 .sucl'tj(- "bout Chicago, tbo L|«e Iwi'ig t.luU oven tbo waiters in-o said to SIKIIIIIIIu x.'0 uploce out of tbo wiunoi- ol' the Onul (ilf,,,, .sntjiil'a two clerks n re" aa Id to have made a [ipjii'f th'.itbiuul pounds ouoli, so what tbo popular jji'innkt-r himself nuido cull bo conjectured only at , of tiioiisHiiilH. MNil >Solomous, another book Lfctvljneeunkt is assorted to liavo olourod ;CIH)QU life win. Tlio Huloinii ooroiuoriy oL! Chicago's dally nth, uii'l his very light weight of 7yt. -lib., oou- | iu;*liit live yoniv, kept lilin well down In tlio hot- | Lrtlitliv gonoml public, and dark tiluti t lmt If tlio I jmyiliil iint eoiuo right ho would bo soratohod, kopj. | :. tipter^ utf. Nevertheless, If n. bettor known I iijtiniii tl. <'uiiiplic't 1 had had tbo mount, Chicago liil kv« wen .ximrtur odd* on tho. post than niiiu to pifilw|»iliM(MVoiil(l have Hugely argued that one Ifbii'Wib of tlioc'lub would not waste n faimy :<nn i-ini'l; jockey unless ho thought ho could win Ifiiviiit1 iniiilis;i oiw tlio odds against Chicago woro jitwin I, even ul Mich a sporting olub as tho Corn ell Imvfllui's', ' . * Hi IH'.Fmmr, iuiir., of. Tuomk, cleared nearly .CJIOOO on Ivw'mvIii i»u Saturday In tlio Uaulllold Cup, Mr, wViiml tho numerous supporters of tho popular IAUIIIII'I silver colors lost very heavily on Saturday IwATliu (.'ImruuirV dol'oat lu tlio Oup, Tlio figures |ii«i<'iiuiiiy tliousumbs ^f'i(iii') iiu.v.iii.ipuiM roo.ird tho I'aot that nuar ''.liilf'mllo po-t , Iti*(ivo appeared to got In tho Ksinulcy utul Sjj.vilu U uinuiv, but 11 toll' i'opurt« tu*o «wii'i tiiku iidiloe of tho (Hib«oi|Uoiit MOIIIHO In worn, when 'I'om Huundot's omluavourod to '«.'liuli) Uurry I'or hl.«i trick ol! rii'lvlittf tlioui to "I'ImuuI IIIU.h forcing thuiii lo pull tlioir ihouiiIm u-M'olii.iiyu, (.lorry I* h.I1IHI( brlglit-lyuUliig Ij'^iwly li yum'g ol' ago, but ho Is hh rooklcyH '."'"it hi u cruok Htyoploohiwo vklot', nud knows 1 lh iui.v "''ohiuiy Ariuiti'Miig" wliQU lo win a ii)Iiijiii1 Sir,-Tlio 111 "'Woe which grown wild around Hycluoy J-i-'immuniy cnllud tho lliumol I lower, Is tlio \,u M-'1. 0, ;IT.v!l'u;v<w,' ul' Mmily, iuu'1 '""'I^villo, I'lirrmmU.ltt, havo kindly sunt (foil', l'1'*"1'* whluh iii'u now boliiy oai'ofully 3 "in smiilcuui'H ui, Fluiulujftuni' ? ,|. hopo til tho |hl lo lot vMUU'i>< >tO tho UOUl'HO H0U III In Idi I ?.."..'.V' vuv wwMvnw nyw iiiia ,/'-v '''"Mom. Youm J'ultlil'ully, 11, .UvitoN l'u,uU'y Hhd nuitorliil uiiouyh MoIIJUUI'iio to rovlvo lioro tho '''W'iimm '' HU>I>" ,VOai'S <V}jru (ll (ho UOltllllllM of '^iIk'i ' 'if l'u''HonI km ol' t ho vitgai'lii.1* </ lie " liuly" who fftm out to do it day* l|Uill' put 'viinUll||(ii-| 111 'luv hutti'M ttl (ho u-iisli iiiburo " 'L' worth niuro limn pn^lmr inuullo.iii . tll'lll'lll" . '""wilIU fit in ii... !in''''u,f u)"'11 guimrul II. M.iri'ow to 'wlliHmod "liulp#" who Imvu ooiuo to scan their would-be mistresses murh more criticallv and captiously thnti those in diro neuil ,of their ser vicum «hit«c ilu, ft they entertain a dim hope of gotUiitf anything in petticoats lo pretend U» be a servant In tlialr houses, una ennM the uttermost puun.v of wages lor Hits scnntiusl sentblagu ol: assistance. Emboldened I heir success in tlie.su directions the new .' Indies" oI' crcatlon they really " boss" everything and every body now plume their gaudy wings for higher f ights. -I lio Intent (dun they have seized upon is nothing loss than backing horses for the roeos and, whilu tliuy nwuit another mistress to reject, turning the oflloes Into miniature Tnttorsnlls ! Thu other day one of these " Indies" intimated her Intention of placing her maiden trust in Jlmvo to win her a pot of money over thu Unulllcld Cup,.and another .said she preferred Spade Guinea lo do the trick lor her. but the lirst, from thu l.ulluos ol. her wisdom, spared ti drop to re uoinmeiul the other not *' to touch 'Im on no account whatsoever, as lie alut not no good, my doar!" L'ur Jinps survanU nre so scarce because some have risen from the kitchen lire with the I'hcunlx-llkc ascension ol. Chicago. II: I Ills Is .so, would It be a very grave oftuuee :lor a jockey to bo suborned to pull n hor.se In whoso sucuoss ? .sorvntilgallsni and mist rossdom inru so critically interested, though from .such iliiteronl reasons. ' . w * M< Tilt: Customs olHclals were much e.xcrcUed In mind at n loonslgniuuiit of cepe presented by the Inst Mes sagorles stoauier, Was li dutiable, tun! in what section was thu Ml it li' class! Hud. One learned tldu waiter con sulted a French diet lonnr.v. aiul found that eepe was an esuuli'Ht boletus ; then arose a discussion as to the mean ing of thu moaning, Ai last, Mr, iMttsgrovc, thu secre tary, hearing of the Incident, ordered a case lo be opened, nnd, seeing a spongy lookingsubstunce surroun ded by oil, concluded it was somet hing lo eat, so ordered canned provision duty to be charged. Small wonder that no oiio ventured to la.-tu the substance, for theru s more dlll'ereneo between the delicious mushroom of the vineyard In Its native freshness ami lis canned as pect, than there Is between lobster In Its native shell and the strong odottred sulManeeoC that name which Is tinned In America. * TtiK coast scenery of Victoria has, to a great extent, boon Ignored by artists, who have betaken thomselvo* into thu Interior of the colony, eruulug tliulr nocks Iter mountains ami gum trues, which, although very ell In their way ami worthy of all care, do not by any moans represent all the distinguishing features of I.Mcturosijuo Victoria." The old notion, which hold hway .Cur so long, that gum trees comprised the full extent oL' Australian soouery, and the rcvorso, that a ioUu'o without uyuiulree was not characteristic ol! ho uountry, has buuit dispelled within the last six or eight yuars, by the persistent ulfui't* oC hard-working oung artists, who penetrated Into unknown localities, and piled their ptdul brushes In all weather*. One uC our ni'isl successful luudscupu painters, Mr. ilolin 1'urd iSuorsoti) U Just iiu\v at work on a rocky headland uour uslet'ii I'ort, and judging by t'lcluru, the know lodge of such a spot will como ralher 11 Uu u shuck, lo those perspicacious beings who ivro cunllnually repent* lug ilia parrot cr,v oC thu monotony ol! Victorian scenery. Mr, I'ntoiwuV pleture-whlch Is Intotidud . the Artists' Exhibition In .November-rupru*euls Homo boh I utul precipitous rock*, against which thu vim are dashing utul throwing their spray high into the air. On thu lop ol' Uw most dtolunl ullll' Is (i HUggcstli.iii ol! sunlit unw. wn wliluli «umu omtlu are gmalng. The principal Couture ul! llw plcluro is thu almoffpliorlo uU'ool which the artist has sklll'tilly thrown o thu work i for, wiillu luuklng ut li, oiui iwtuully foul* thu warm sunshiny day nnd quiet harmony of tlio - ' rounding*. Thu colouring la. perfect bwiuiso ti, I* litilitral, Tliuru are no ituiuounlitg ruds and greens Ijlulohod In foi' Mpui'loiw ulCeul, tmd llioi'" In nol u hnvd In iliupiulttru, i * # * Mu. I'liUiMoit wtw burn In Ihtiuloe, lit Miu'olt, IMU studied In lliu I'lillnbtii'gli Auademy.uC Arl lor live .«, uxltlblHiig lil^'llwl ploUn-o lho"«u uL I'hiH llillo work m* it liny land^uapo, which uvun Uieit u ovklouuu u£ yiwi litluiU. in i&/U lw vbllud Australia, and after staying noarly three years, returned lo Edinburgh, where he studied ft'ul worked for seven years .more. In IS8H lie again eaine to Australia, and | lias boon very successful with nil his pictures. The judges nt t he -.Adelaide Inhibition of last year paid him | the compliment of awarding his work the only modal given for landscape, and the well-known Enyllsli art critic, Mr. It. S, .Stevenson, In Who Magazine of Art) spoke in tlatterlng' terms ol' i'atorson's pletures, wldeli he exhibited at the Indian anil Colonial ISxlilbitlon. * * '-SI' , * xV.t.l'l' In the Centennial lixhlbltlon, San/pjton Low, Mnrstoii and Company, the woll-krio{vn^ ' LoikT6(I?J publishing firm, have some exhibits In the ,bopk line, that are marvels in the. matter of lettcr-pross/b'jiuiinu; and general get-up. Mr. M. L. Hutchinson, oE Ooll'ius-'''' street, Is their representative, and' It will bo soon from the display he lias made that no better man oou'ld liuvu been ehoscit. Among the oxhlblts is a splendid book on "Art Carving In Ivory and AVood In Japan." It Is of folio size, and about three inehes thick, bound ill morroco, with gilt odges, anil the oover is ornamented after the Japanese style. The book contains llEty plates, oaeli II! by 11,1 Inehes, done In the highest.style of heliogravure by Lenioroler; the text Is by G-. A AiuUloy and M. Toiukliison. Thero arc only 100 artist's proofs signed and printed oil the llnest Japanese paper, and only 700 ordinary eoples oil the best plate paper. There are to bo found delineated iu these plates some of the finest examples oE Japanese carving that have ever reaehoil Kurope. In the same oaso may be seen a work on " Orniunontal Arts of Japan," In two liaiidsomo folio volumes, issued lu four parts, enclosed iu portfolios, Only (ll'ty eoples oE this work have been printed for subscribers, li Is illustrated with J.U0 plates, 74 oE which are in colours and gold, whilst the rust are autotype and photogravure reproductions of the most, beautiful oE ancient and modern originals. There Is a general anil descriptive text by George Ashdown Audsley, Kollow ot! the Uoyal Institute of British Architects, There Is another oilltloii oE the same work printed on tho ttnost plate paper for geaeral elrculatloii, "I'lctorlnl Arts ol' Japan" Is another book exhibited by the sumo linn In one volume, Imp, folio, It Is beuutlEully illustrated wltli 150 plates, some In colours ami gold, with a general and descrip tive text by W. Anderson, F.U.O.S., who was for many years medleal adviser to the Japanese Government) and member ol! the council ol! the Asiatic .Society of J aim it. An filit hm do Inwo of artist's proofs, signed by the author and limited to loo oodles lias been Issued. There Is a " G raplile and Dcserlptlvc Now Mealand," elephant folio, containing many ohmmos and wood cut* by Darrand, whilst the linn arc indebted to Gravers for thy text, " Lll'u and Landscape at the Norfolk l>roads," by !\ II, Kiuinorson and T, !.'. Good, all, Is anotlicr hanilsomely bound folio voluum exhibited by I ho enterprising ilrui, It Is Illustrated with 40 plates from nature lu platluotypu, and mounted on plate paper. Ait edition do Ivuw oC this work lias also been Issued, Side by side with this is a handsomely bound volume of Poe's "Raven," illustrated by Gustave Dore, and in close proximity may be seen "Lights and Shadows of Melbourne Life," by John Freeman. There are also exhibited many other valuable illustrated works, hymnal companions, books of travel and general literature, pens, copy books and samples of everything that is in any way connected with the publishing business. * Till! story ul' tho huuntod"house lu lust Buturduy'ti Aryan Is sure to oall forth lu prlvutu oonvuiwitluu, and possibly hi print, a wood many stories ol! thu nupoi'« imtuml) to whloh I urn disposed to oouti'lbulo my quota. Only, alitor reading my uim'ullvo~-whloh I. vo« oulvwl t'i'um tho lips ol! tv diplomatist who was residing In Hi. l'olor«bui'g at the Ulive It hapiiotiud- the t'uudok' may tool tlUposoU Id eliminate the two' lli'ufc Hyllublort ul! the woi'd. Thuso, howovur, uro the uolual 'Jluota, uud l.huy ouourrod tioon uflur UiouiiSUHHlmvllou ol!'Alexander tho Huodud, A ' mnijiU, who luid onlorad tho outhedt'iil ol! Hi,"IhUuo i'oi1 Uto purposo ol' paying lil« tUivollons,' dooltu'otl thufc Itu lutd soon l>hu dooaityod ? Iilinpuror In the unll'oi'tu ho Itiid worn u't tho tJmo ol' ' his doath, and with blood upon ll| Unoolluy nfc the entrance of blip sanctuary, which is Ihinked by images of the Saviour and the Virgin Mary, encrusted with precious stones of enormous value, after which, the speetre had' retlrod to ail objure corner of the building and had vanished from view. The news spread rapidly, arid was soon confirmed by other cyo witnesses of the vision. Then the rumor penetrated the palaeo, and igrcat was the dismay of the Imperial family. "Why shoulditho'late; O/.ar imitate tho conduct of a certain King of Denmark, and walk the earth again In his habit as ho lived A family council Avas held, and the decision arrived at was to canonise the injured monarch. But tho great ecclesiastics of SI. Petersburg interposed some difficulties. Alexander tho Second had forsaken his lawful wife, and had taken np with the. Princess Dolgorouky, by whom he had a large family. This was not exactly becoming In a saint, and the subject of canonising the restless ghost was post poned for a time. Meanwhile an important function ary connected*with tho police administration ol! »St' Petersburg had got wind of tho affair and resolved to have . a look at the spectre. Concealing himself behind one of tho pillars, lit the perpetual twilight wltleh reigns inside tho cathedral of St, .Isaac, ho awaited tho arrival of tho supernatural visitor. Ho came, as usual, and there could bo no mistaking him Tho functionary gasped with astonishment, There was tho tall, eomnmdlng figure, tho A'ory walk, the helmet, the military uniform, and tho groat white mantle of! tho doooasod Umperor, who repaired to his oustomary place oO devotion, knelt for some tlmo in silent prayer, and then rising from his kneos, ap proached the statuos, and bus rowed upon oaoli a pro tracted and fervent embrace. # * * Kou a moment the ofllelal was stupefied and bewil dered, Then, emerging from his place ol' concealment, ho reverently approaohod tho entrance of tho sanct uary, and bowed his hoad and bent his knee bol'oro tho two images, " Hallo I what's this?" he exclaimed, in a stage whisper, and all his faculties became prote natitrally alort. Some of the largest and costliest of tho jewels had disappeared j and In unothor instant he was on tho track of (ho departed spectre. Overtaking hint, and laying his ltutid upon the shoulder ol' the pseudo-Emperor, lie found Jt to be solid and sub stantial, and tho face, which suddenly turuod from red to pale, and from pale to rod, was distinctly human, :i it fact, It was that ol! one of the most adroit and daring tliloves in St, I'etorsburg. Ho Is now undergoing por potual oxllo, with hard labour, in tho mines of Slborla. There has boon no further talk, sluoe thou, ol' canon ising Uio iliinporor Alexander, ' * K< * OS the whole, tlie olover raseal got ulY very well, A hundred years earlier the ehanoes are lie would have boon Hayed alive, or disembowelled on a public noall'old, or parboiled In a cauldron ol! heated oil j for tUore Is no conceivable atrocity ol' svlileh some member or other ol' tliu House ol.' Itouuuioll! lias not been guilty, during Its ooatipanoy of llio throne of llusslu j ami woinoUntos toward* persons accused ol! comparatively trivial olVenccs, Take, I'or exiwnplu, the appalling punishment Inllleled upon the Oouulus* Lapoukln, who luul youturod to comment on tho notorious llooutlous. ltoss ol! tho JOtnpress hilly.ubeth, Tluj young and bountiful OouiitoNS, who had Ijuoii the Idol of the Oourfc, wuh brought out tt|iou a seall'okl, oroolud In thoNovskol J'rumpcol, ,8t, Petersburg, was then stripped itakod to .tho waist, placed upon (he back ol' a m/ltaiily oxo. outluiiur, urn' lashed with a whip tin til the flesh /nnlskln ol! Iter baok Morally hung I'roin It In ribands, Jintiio (lltUoly rifter this furoelutts punlisliiiionl, liur Loritfuo'wns out uul, and site was banished to Miliaria.. W , # * This Tluhliorueeasu, In law repot'tors' phrasoology was " montloii<rl" at tho Sydney Uoiitral I'olloo Court last Friday, when n oliargo of uohHplmoy was prafemid agalnsi .f on it 'latin liy (Jhai'les John Tallotfran, it CJai'iiiau, Tin* charge had boon lony pondliiyv I'or tho ihifootlviw hud. prolVNsoilly.gi'oitt illlllonlty In obtaining ovldmuui, ihough Lulu was urrestod on tlio SHtli of last month, Tlie I'aois brlelly are as follows i-Towards tho end ul' May last Hie pi'iisueuloi', who Is a limn of moan.*', was In I'ill/.ahoth-iUreot, and while liu was ongiiKfd In looking in at (i shop window, lade auoostod liim. During the conversation which followed tho prisoner asked 'J'allogrcu what country ho belonged to, and without waiting for a reply said that lie himself was a .Swode. Ho further stated that ho was a barrister In the English courts, but did not practice here. Tallpgren entered Into eonversatioit with Jatic and gave lilin his address and I nvited. 1 il 111 to his lioiisc. Tlio Jnvlbill ion Avas cordially accepted, aul a few days lator lie called at tlio prosocutor's roshionco, and dcolared himself lo bo "hard up," having had to sleep-out in (ho Domain, lie continued his visits every day and was supplied with food " out of charity," Tallcgron was a single man and lade talkod to him of marriage. It followed that Tallcgron yielded to (ho .persuasive eloquence ol: his friend, and the following advertisement was In sorted in one ol! the daily journals on Juno !. i MATUtMONY.-Mlditlo-agod limn of indopondonoo doslratf to rorroJiond wttli reniiuotubla ludy oE 8i or 88 ou nbovo siibjoot 5 w.'itow no objootloii. lloply by lottor, Omogn, .Puvk-atroot, V.O, A .full week afterwards ho rooolvod this reply:-? Buhnnlii, Juno 18,1888, XJsur Sir,-I wilt bo uioat btqipy to uioot you to- morrow ovonlng nt Imlf-pnat 7 o'olook on tlio Unld Xlook Wburf, BiUiuutn, mid do not forgot to ImUl n lottor In your lnuicl. To-morrow (Tuesday), without full.-Youra, iso,, Mutlli. '.rallegron mot the lady, and after a most decorous stroll along tlio streets ho bade lior farewell, arranging to moot her at the wharf again next ovonhig, The lady refused lo allow hi in to soo hor to hor residence* and failed to koop tlio appointment. On August !(, however, lio rooolvod a brldl! note from J. D, Edmund Smart, solicitor, stating that ho had boon in structed by Miss Mure and hor relatives to take pro ceedings against Tallogron for " broach ol! promise," damages JB500, Some clays lator Tallogron was.served with a writ In tlio matter by a man named Thompson, Tatlo then appeared and olVerod to got the niattur settled out oE court. Tlio rosult was that Tallogron paid Litlo ;U1 no In cash and a promissory note for £2<~ bol'oroho consulted a solicitor, and found that thd writ was a bogus ono, I'liur to Lulo's arrest Ho Eorwardod tlio following lottor to Tallogron : Hoynl Hydo Fnrk Uotol, Soptombor 91, 1888, Fin,-1 oortiUnty ouuht not to juit n pou (n tuy liiiud to wrlto you If! dill not know thoro whs »surow luo«o In your bruuo nml tlio willy way during to Dujomo fronting uiu In ojliulon, I i.ow ruqtiiM you to Inatruot your not(oltor, wiioovor ho tnuy bo, to toko situli lognt tu'QuaadluBB nguluit tno ivt ouoo, tlint hIiuII oltlior vo daoui my oh-raytor or uonvlot mo, f tiling I ahull uvo my own d!n« urotlMi with rcgiu'd of dofumuMon iiud Ingmtltuda,-Yours, ato,, JUAN JiUtw, ' 908 SU3H0X>ltl'?0t, To 0. Titllogron, IW(|" A1 Llttlo Mount-sti'out, Ultimo, # * i* : TitMK wns committed for trial, Tatlo, it will bo ro rnomborod, gavo uvldonoo at tlio groat Tlohboruo trial to tho olVoot that ho was u oook ou board tlio barque Osproy, tuid that ho rooognlxod Arthur Orton, tlio ox«"\\\faggu butohor, as tlio slim young liogor Tlohboruo, whom tho oouiisol Eur claimant ooiitoudod 'hud boon rosouod olV tho Mexican uoasl and brought to AiiHlralla, Tailu's story ooinplotoly nonplussed tlio oounsol Eur dol'oitd ant, and tho trial would probably Itavo olosud up at ouoo with tho tattoo murUs ovltlouoo, IE Lulo's vanity hud not luil to tho dolootlon ol' Ills imposture, Tailo I mil his photograph lakon, and It was exposed Eor miuu lit all tho Hliop windows, attracting niuoli tiolloo, A olork In u shipping llriti uotluod It, and said to IiIm oont pauloii, " That Is tho llkonows oE tho blggost scoundrel going, Our pooiilo «ont him to gaol Eor wsvliidllng I" Tlio olurk'n oompatiloii itrgod lilin loglvo Inl'orinutloh to tho Inl'ant Tlobboi'ito's lawyer^ and tlilw lo/nl lo littlu'H uomplolo Idontllloatlon by gaol \vardor« inn! I1I4 sun tut 100 to 7 yours putiiil mjt'vlttido for pui'Jttry, S.uiNOit OrlHpl, who l« at. tlio huad oE tlio Italian Uovornniout, ttttd Is voi'y muolt lit ovldonuo just now, Is about suvonty yours oE ago, MIh diirk uottiidoxlon gives his ruddy I'uuu iiIIIIOHI, Uio , iippoaraitoo oE bron/,oi ospoolnlly as. hln board and hidr nro iiorEootly white, MIH cyo.i III'O duoply hoL ill Ills Ituiid, iitul wli'llo ho Is tiniiversing with you, lio .luokn Ntriilghl Into your oyus, and soouiM to bo oiuloiivmit'lttg to road your Inmost thoughts, lio In a natlvo ol' Blolly, ivud lias all tho oharaolorlMtlort ol' tlio tl t'ooo'Huitiiut raou, wliloli Is to lio found skin by sldo with thu A rabu'N'orniiiii rtiyo on lliitl Island, Tltut In tu «ity( lio Is ulloitl, wuaiJloloiiH, and sagacious, With a good momorv both lor I . injuries roccivod ; faithful in f riendshh, aVi . '"'T1 In hatred, and much fonder 0f .kmI,,,, "i Francisco Crisp!*8 one passion is f()1. " Woj nothing for literature, and very littlu tor :drumu is so indifferent to hi,,, \\\wl if lu.U"'1 j liis family to tlio thonfcrc lie usually during the performance. Httt in (tie \ JJoputles he It alert In ovory limb. When 1""! ""'I llio tribune, ho stands with his list elen.'hj ^',1 olonr ringing voice *l»os in earnestness and s^,!!li lie proceeds. Ho speaks trenchantly. iitl.| s<Cn\ wishes to be sovoro ho Indulges in a vein "|' tatlro and mordant humour, not at all n^wal^ opponents. Ho is a warm admirer of the Diii'i!], 0 stitulioii, and holloves a strong «..vonimein'> L' essential lo tho welfare of Italy, m, lnii' thoroughly logical, and (his lucidly .stand, UiMl iu '" stead as a parliamentary orator. .Ihivinir sav^i , " Clarlbaldl, Signer CJrispi chcrlslics a wanu ndminni," that lioro, and .ho regards as snored a collection <,| w which had belonged to him, now cui'ol'ully pixscn^ tho Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Home. if * l'UJihia men tiro not always fortunate In i|lyj| c jugul relations, and Quoon Marguerite fur s"nK. n rofitsod to I'cccivo the wlt'c of her lui>ljuud'* hi Minister at Court. Whothor tlie Interdict im, i, since removed I eauiiot say. The story of Si Orlspl's married life Is brlo/ly this : He iras mil* tilio ohlof proiuotors of tho insurrcetlun at Piiluimo, tho year 1818, and after tho movement had Wu 4 pressed by the royal troops, he tied to Malta. wh-Mo married a beautiful peasant girl, At the htuU'I <j break lu Slolly, in I80D, ho iliastonul t hit ha 1.. j Garibaldi, leaving his wlt'e behind him. Nuw. il happouod that tho vlvandiort of his regiment, by name, was a very famous character, weiuiuy ;ij blouao, 11 ko liar tnasotilluo comrades, and uninMuit] rillo, alio had taUon hor plaoe In the ranks. lui'l t'J lu sovoral oiigagumonts, and had hilled a ywl ml moil with hoc own hand. Urlspl I'ell head uvawn lovo with tlio fascinating amu'/ioti, propped tuiuil aoooptod by hor, and they were married in due cij When Sioily and Naples had thrown oil' iIn- y-d-iq tho Bourbons and joined themselves hu'y. <?'( was olootod to tho Italian parliament us OIK; ul did prosontntlvu.s of I'aloriao, ami was not l«.»ny took ofMoo us Minister of tlio GVown, III- uini rathor lloyallo--was presented at court, mul <Ji| Marguorlto took iv groat liking to her. Thu-, unit stood until 1877, wlton Ills Maltosu wife, luivhiv tu lior sdoi>arturo to allot her world, CYI>pl married i"i' third tlmo, Thls» was to a lady at Naples, In i'ivo| whom llo*ullo--not being legally his wll'e-wu- <n'tj Tho luoldout oroatod a groat scandal, and tYhiii. thou huh I thu portfolio of Minister of the Imai' :Poprotl«' Clablnot, was obliged to rclijn. .s!i|n' 1 liowovor, ho liasljoou found to be I in I l-pcti- al dc. imd ut this nibinuutonu of tliul'orouiost state-men in hu Jlosallu l« living In Homo on it pen-Ion «'i 11 allowed liur by tho mini «ho believed to hoherlm and Is known In Unit oily as Slgnora t'll-pl N^. pi'OHUiit wlfo bultig outltlod Slguora I'l'lspl. * IK * U llNIJttAli (JoUtil Nicholas do 'lloblliuii, the It' Amlmwiador lu London, whose death wn" ni101'-1 otliur day by a oal)lo mossatyoi was |l" los-« illsiin. " a« ii'Molillor tliuii art a diplomatist. I'1-1 11v Ttii'ln, svlioi'o ho wiih born I" u'rmy, hu obtaluud liU oummlssloa a-i u tU u ' tlio iirtlllory at t ho ago of two ami hvo"'^, ll1' onguyutl lu many Iwi'olu ongagoiaunt" 1 in lialgu, wlilolt lortulnaluit kw dlsuttroih lu ouo of tliimi lm lost lil» loft 'umi'' 1 . .,1 lu tlio army, ami al'tor I'uuulilnjf a po.s 1,11 *? ' (i maud, IiIh noi'VIoom won) oiilhid laio u,t'1' . Cll|| IlafInn Cluvoruinont, as Kn itmba^i-lor » ,1 , Vonluo, whoro ho mari'lud tlio County ?« Alilrlngon, dang'htor of tho'I't'luw (e H'l was ouo of Mottoriiloli'* "UH . (1|K, Thu Ooimt'RT IIIIhsIOII wan a hltflilj'1,11 i,vt of brlnifliiK about 11 iuiiiil»loJJ» |'l"J,|!l^|X(1|h.1 11I tliu IInitstt of llaiisbitrw aial tliat 11 _ ii)K( pavo tliu way toi' tlio wlml.'tMlu" 11 How sno ,,,, ,lC central Europe. , in botl1 ,;ll0#c «l»jocfc« is shown by tho Visit of Victor Emmanuel 11111 nil Miu return vMfc of I'VanoJrt Joseph' to Venice,-thirteen yours ago ; and Villi"11 , (if |inly m l:" onliivl Iiu.ioi-stuiiaititr wljloli lms b(JCI1 an-ived l''tl'L l'.'n (ici- numy, Austria and Italy. Tlio treaty of l!U'l,W!V-iitrnc«N» tlio month of February, 1888, 1:111 llobllant was recalled from )!I j f ii ,\ti' I lie Ministry oE.- Foreign Affairs in '^iLtwfortli "II i'ils 'olEort* wore' directed to that idliiiuuo i but Itwfc year liis Ministry P'^1 in Hie popular estimation by the ' . Twliicli luul ovo.-tako.i tho Italian army in pa .mii he wan driven from ofHuo (it eouso i}tr,«jjll!l> lim' MVI i(ir M|ocu^oi- lu tliu Foreign O(Hi.io at Homo '^iinrlWH who .litis.vigorously oarrlod out tlio f.vtf hit prwlouosor in regard to tlio maintenance IhUihion of thu entvut-j our<li<t1o between .'Italy, (luiiy aifl Austria. Count- do llobilanb was ^i.iliu«lncccptoil tlio .'Italian Embassy in London, ik'-iiwvUy of Ills iruianoia, tlio distinction ol! ] |,wtii. iiiul IiIh tool, and finesse made liim apermma Ij/jfii in (Itc k-.ftand most oxoluslvo society of Groat iSiitiiii. m * * uuwspapor, Tho Messenger of the Mnpirt \,.l«n cnlnislal by tlio Emperor with sonic remnrk iiui'iiineuts lor publication. Tlmsc nro tliu last till-mul (wtmiiouts oE llio Emperor "William, written ,iihliUuwii Imiul, at various porlods between \h:,7 L|>M. flioyall broivtiho a spirit oE' fervent and '(liliiitiy irotiuluo ploty. Kaiser AVIlholm bollevod ImII' (u bo under I ho special protection ol' rrovi k'<:. Ai'fui- llio grout victory at Sadowa, lie writes ; .la tin- ywu- jusi t-nilod tlio grauo of Clod has boon I ill iibi-iuul ovoi- Prussia with an abundance which mply I'mniiiiisiito.s for the evils it lms sulEurod, ifiniUy, 1 uvluiowludgu that divine gr.ioa, which has :i!iii| ino. ulrauly vvoll Htrlefcou In years, to witness iiKYuiinili-luiiont ol! suolt a revulsion of a I Villi's as tKiicMilt In llio welfare of my own country anil the liiumi nation, Tliu spirit which animates that ro uMouNtho uxpi-esslou of tlio Idou whioh the fore Mjlit ul' my pvodooossors know how (o luoulouto i>m tk- nation," This was written at midnight on ill't of Duooinber, 1811(1, At tho same hour at' the <t:« ii»y iu IS" |, t he Emperor wrote i - " Oml lms wmitlnis! Olory, lionoiir, pmlno, and gratitude bo vllim! H'lion nt thooudol! tho year 18IID, my hoart full of Huiitiinctulu of thunWulnu/M, I thiinked '"I(in1 Mn-li trlorloiiH events, whloh no ono uould liuvo tft<wii,«iii| which have turuud out tio lulvrtiitagoously id'ni^m, uvuntuutlug Ju tlia union oL' Cloruiuuy, I mM imi help liolluvlug tliil^t thu dully tusk Imposud iii.« by cioil luid boon imootnpllijliod, and that felmviiijf ooinplotod In poauu llio work oominouooil, Will KMIVO llio aehloveniunt to niy son, forusuuiny -|!"I'vn liliu ilovolvod tlio ihIh^IOII ol! uniting Nurtli n mul Soutfiui-u tlornuiiiy In oiui wolo body." Hut, ' ^imto miy, I ho uuftit liomublo doorouH ol! tho J*1 lllvli liuvo, iiovortlioluss, doHlgiuituit lilmsoll' for rfwoi'li, mul lio tluiuks Illm for having duoiuud 1 lie Hun iiwimrolt worthy to ao«ompUnli suolt a hlylt IMiu,v' '''""wtmao of titls kind U strikingly ttnllko ^uii|>lnyi'i| by his N'olidlrlatt iirodooossoi', Frodorlok ? who bullovud only Jn hlmsoU' and Ills big l^iilii H'lb, IdowoE tho IIhiuouh oo;'rcispon I ".vli'iH'nixmiiniM ol! llnj Ihtlgarliiu uti'ooltlos lmd u *>'-ikm in dm of olutnglng tho map ol' soutlt r 1(|i l'<m-u|n<, u u lluisluiii and at tho timolol! hor ?(.II'1''1 ^uml; n" li'iigUsh, AM luir hUHbiuicl rjjp1"11,1 ""Mian, I'hoy usad to uonvoi'pto In l''rout'h Ihmv'.i'' S'10 "ovv lu"<H 10 'l01' 11 tliu boy ol! tlilrtuon '» UaiKluiniucl-Hiu uyxii In Jj'rouoli. Hliu U 1^'iiiwli'nn cori'wpyiidout ol' two Ht, ,I'o tors burg Hewi'm'1'"'I'' 's y"yWgt'i-uiiou a novol ol! ;Utt#«lH'i' wuhu!, writing |,, JOugllNlt, AMOrr's Iflland wl"1 l'lu finally ol! Nittlnui .'l.)olo( ol! |M,iilt lV1'U,Hl,Uu1, 'I'ulslfiV'rt iiuvuIh, ;il: will bo li'H iK' '^aioi'ldiuiM wui'u Homowhiit lakoit I. ? . n,| mi-, wiwii aiuipioH WIUIIIIIIH, thu .I'liigiiMh "IW' "I'uUu Of MlWtlllluill IIN u fulloNV'OOUtlbl'y" ?ftffi H It llio fiiot Ol! thu luUoW: blt'lli Ju "timtlov no uoinjuquoiKjo, alK. Jamus Pay,,. "lc. Wl.iter ()C " w . or H' is 11111'"1'"'' "M,l popular tltu 01 sftorlcw. Ho w.i« born at Cheltenham in isjlo. ntn^educated «i TSlo..f UWloh Academy, ami Trinllv Cotlogo, Cambridge., where he graduated in 18.VI. His literary production was " volume of verse called Storlcs from Jloccac -Ao ; » his first. 9UOOOSS. a novel eutloct Lost Sir Mn«slngbot'd."-whleh raised bv nearlv 20,000 the circulation of il1(; periodical in which it appeared Itud his best story was eallcd "The Heir of the Agus." Six yours ago lie aucooodod Mr. Losllo Stephen as I'Mitor of t lie Comhili Mitguditc ; but, the period of Ids literary activity embraces quite tlireo decades, He believes, .but is not sure, thai ho has written lu alt aonie forty novels. .Between the com pletion oil otic book and the commencement of another he allow* an interval of a calendar month : and the plot, of hi?) stories are evolved during the progress through Ivdgwni'o .11 <ui«!, Oxford Street, ami decent Street. ol a lonr- wheolud cab, whieli convoys him from Ids bouse in Malila Vale to tho ollice of the Covnhitl MttgttM'iw iii Waterloo I'lueo, lie gets throiitfh the cidef portion oP his work between the hours of l>,l."> a.in. and I p.m.. plays whist at Ihe lliddwln for two hours every afternoon, and touches neither pen nor paper after diunor. A strictly niethodioiil manner of work ing enables htm to write throe volumes of lively fiction, a fow hundred ouluinn-. of newspaper mailer, and a number of magazine essays every year ! and to edit (ho CoruJtill, Kew literary men of his time have douo anything Ilka Ihe quantity of worU wlileh is plueod lo Ids orodlt. He hits known nil the literary and .social eelebretk's of Ids day, ami Is on 1<ludly turnis with Jtoyalty, He no longer dines out, anil his last public uppounutcc In a dross ooat Is merely a tradition amongst his Intimate*. He In a. humorous, nervous, and Intonsoly fclud-hoartod man ; he has no enemies ; and he apoaks 111 of nobody, flu Is married, and has ulover and charming daughters, Ho Is a llrnffrlond of the Antl-'L'obaooo 'l.ouguo, seldom oats or drinks, dresses fashionably, and spends a moderate ineonio on oab faros, lie writes a worse hand than tho late Moan Stanley. » " 4 OSU of tho most inlluontlul journalists lit I'aris at. the present moment Is M. do Illowlt/,, I he correspondent ol' the Times, .Mo If « native of Moravia, and therefore an Austrian subjuot, Muring the KrunwtloriiMii war he served undei' the Kronoh Hug, us a member of Ihe national guard nl Marseilles, where ho distinguished Iduwolf so creditably In assisting to suppress the Insurrection id1 tho Commune hi Ihui elty, that he was decorated by President 'rider#, Towards the end of 1871, ho eoiunuiuood Itls naiinanllmi with the Ttmtnf wlileh lie has maintained over .since, Mo is getting on forsl.viy yotir.s of age. and Is Nomowhut grotesque In appearance, for ho Is short and stout, with a very largo head, a corpulent body, and short legs, After an article il' his In tho 'J'iini'N, on Sarah lloruhurdt, she sold lilin hoi' portrait, Inscribed "An (dunlin d' osprlt, la plus line do corps," 5'^' uxuiKidliijr'ly vain, and when bantered on 'lie subject, replies, "Ah! yes, hut umomhor I uiti u Slav," Mo fan speak most of (ho hvngauuus of I'lui'ope with ease and lltmuo(\, anil ho enjoys aooosH lo the cabinets ol! many stiUosiron, and tlvo private reception rooms ol! numy Hovorolgua. When tho Cougi'ois mot at Doi'lln Mi do BlowHx was lie only journal 1*1 who was admitted to ditto , with 'rlticjo illsiimrolc, and by woinu moans or other ho iiou irlvod to pi'oouro it copy of Hio li'wvty, tliu text of whluh .u* publlthud by tho Tlnm wltllo It was bulng iictuully wlynod by tltu ploni|wluiUlai'loM In tho I'ruwhui uapltul, * H. * IT will bu good now tu tuy full' rwulor* to loium that wolMiuown Put'lsliiti lomloi'ol! ootllkms, (ho i In run tlo Muni, h»i< bouii ooiiuoiitrallnsr lil« torpslolioroau Uiloiils on tho uaiwli'UoHun «".'« iicwriiiiitli'llkswhUilt luwulrutidy boon duuood with nuirkod muooush itl,i»ttvorttl r»s|ik>iiitblo I'ottuloiis, Tho now f|HiMlrlllo fc uiilloil "Thu Persian' hiuiuoiw," Hiid, thoiiKh tho clotullH ot tho llyuros tiro nut vut mudu [iuIJIIo, tlui Umico I" «*lil to bo u must iim'twliiw uiiUi Thu luuuoH ut' tho llgitiw nro '! rruinuiiv ado Autuurdu Mo.ulo," "'l.a Oorbolllo du Hlmh, " Imj TuruomimV " I'H DityadOro," itnd " bu I uiu, wliloli ot lltoinnolvim muI\I(io' tuouwgoNb uaoi'ltflmil sort ol! quad-. T.HJ3 marriage of tlio young Crown Prince of Cireeco (tho Duke of Sparta) and the 1'rlnco.s.s Sopliie of l'ruasin. will tnku place In tho course of the lioxt three mouths and there will bo groat- ccrcinouipt? ~ufc iicrlin and Alliens in consocjueutiti. . -v 1 ' ' i* *' !C. '*?0CT88"fi) iSi'JVJsitA'i< complaints have srcji(jhod mo lVoiii-patents of children attending certain mcIhJoI^nglilnssl'a. drawing master who sots a bad example by keeping Kid "luvt on whilst teaching. K * X< ' 1 .Dlt. Kdward Druminond, of Ashfleld, near Sydney, who luis mysteriously disappeared, ami who Is suspected of liaviny practised under diplomas not gained by lilni, took with liltn between ,U 111,000 ami £18,000.' He was married only reccut-ly to a lady of good fortune, and to all appearances had been happy'In his married 11 fo and successful In Ids professional eareor. On Ootol>orll he disappeared. Soon after his departure It was ascer tained that he luul taken with.him iG<J,500, which was deposit-ad In tlic CHty Hank In trust for his wife. In the course of tho morning he drew the wltolo lit gold and then, It Is .supposed, proceeded by n sailing vessel on a long voyage. lies Ides this money, it is believed that ho look with him between X 10,000 anil ;C1U,000 belonging to himself. Years ago he mysteriously disappeared J'roin South Africa, whuro ho was living. An investigation Into Ids affairs brings the rath or peculiar circumstance to light, that he luul boon practising with diploma* which he had not gained himself. These diplomas woro .stolen from Dr. Drum moud, a physician of high standing lit London, In 1801, No traec of theui was afterwards discovered, anil Ur^ Uruimncmd removed to Koine, where hu Is still practising. ii" *< LADV Moutelloro is tho daughter of the lUtlor AVIIholm von Clutfciuann, the richest, colliery owner and ironmaster In Austria, This marriage was regarded Willi tlio highest approval by her father, who had met with a severe shook In the marriage of his older daughter to the Jhic KiU-iluiuos, which was olfeotcid clandestinely by the aid of Madame do .1'urges, who takus thu .same lead hi society In I'arls that 1ier sister Madame von lliitlmauu does In Vienna, This secret marriage to a Christian outraged all tho strongest pro Judloos of Horr Von Guttmati, who Is a strict Jew and an erudite Tuluutdlo and Hebrew scholar, uiul severely all'ootod Ids health fur a Mote. The father of Merr von Oultnmiiii was one of the most devout Jews In tho Auf»" trlau Kuiplro, uiul brought up his sons as .Jewish Kitbbls, though without Intending ihom to follow tho profession. He llvuil at LulpnlU, u lltllo Moravian ' town, m « * M.VNV li.U'l'V UUTUUNrf Of TilI! I>AV, UN I'Vlduy, October UU To Mr. Thomas HcmdorrtOii, J,I1., born 18'JO. Tu tlio llev, Cloot'go Frederick (Jross, born 1811. Os Saturday, Ootobur i--Tu Mr. Juhn llonry Muot'o, ON Sunday, Outobor 1/81-To Mis Hout'y lluylyu llay tor, O.M.U., ho fit 18lH. To Mr, Alfred ' TonnyHou D'Qrsuy Ulukens, born IS-lfi, To Mr. UHIU'Ioh AU'rud Stewart, .J. P., born .1831. OS Monday, Ootubur «ll t-To Mr, lloborl Murray Smith, U.M.U.i bum' IbttL. To tho Uuv, Uou jtiiuln Nowpoi'l Wliltu, M.A., born 0*v 'i'uusduy, Uulober HO i-~'.l'o Mr. Thonuvs Walton)/ J, P., burn 1811 A. ON Wuilmwdiiy, Qulobui1 111 J--'.L'o Mr, WilUlunt Wll* mot Uotiului, J. I'm burn To Mr, Thuivm# ' I'owur, JliiiTl.Hur«Hl'luw, boi'ii 1801, , V ON ThtU'Ailuy, Novomboi' I i-«Wo thu Hon. "NVIUInun lltiyUw, il", I'm bum .18510, To tVLis Itidward Luugli , , livn Noluti, boml«fl<l. 'I'u Mr. Josoiilt Uiwulntf ? M'uuimoL\V| boi'tt :l,8Sl(l. .To:Mi'iiJ(Jiutiuuctl Slolit"' told, J. I,'.) b'U'tt Itm to Mi', U'oliii Homy , lU'owulntfi boi'ii Tu Mt'i ifultii MoLoniit UuMWIllih. 