PROTECTION AT HARRICK- VIPLE. \- A fum.ic meeting for the advocacy of thu princinUa of PruUtioa us auatiuiul jx-licy fcr Now &mlh; Waive was hold lait un-ningin tlmTown Hall, Marrlckriito. , Alderman Davenport pre nided, and titero wna fclorcti attendance. . Mr. .Wityuau Hlavkbtt proposed the first rcsolut iua, as fallows s— " 'i'uat, in the opinion of this meeting, the time Iras arrived when - judicious aystout <>f Protection should Ix) luaile tho law of New South Wales." Tho Rpraker, touching upon tbo ClilO'Mu (lUvatiou as relovant to Protection, auid that if tbo Chinese woio to boexclu btd fiont AustralLx their manufacture mtil Iw excluded nl«o. Mr, Wi«iv tho late Atloroey-Ocncral, hnd said that If n tu m were thrown ont of one employment by tho presence of the Chinese bo would ho employed in making the goods which tbo Chineao required. (Laughter. What gvradawcre uwdo here thai oonhl-t>e neat to the Chinee ? Kotone-fourth of thoie tb'st thu Chinese could tnake for us. Boje- waking and other Industries wereuow Wing cultivated in China, probably under the direction of amnrt Yankees, and, no «loubt, before long these Chinese manu factures would In soot to compete with hoiuc-nuulo goods In various countries of the world, unless tliwo couotrio pro tected tbeiuaolvea against thoin. It uoe wish d to test tho sincerity and conaLWn.-y of o mart on tho Chinese question, let one ark him if be waa in favour of the expnl »ion of the Chineao goods aa well as the Chinese themselves. (Uear, bear.) Ao enormous number of raeu were constantly outof employment owing tothe encourage ment which the present fiscal policy of 1 he colony gavo to foreign trade aud laltour 'I he Protectionists pitied those men, and in ' order to give them employ ment sought to establish hero the system of Protection to natlvo' imliia- trlra. Under the preieot system these men had no hope or prospect for theaselrva or their children, to whom they wanted to give trades or occupations, and they became nrource of subtraction of wealth from tho whole of tho com munity. JA Voice : "And come to rough on rata' at lasL"l When he (Mr. Ulackett) spoke of an Australian nation ality he dtd not mean- a republic! but If we were to raise np bore a great cenmaaity, wo most have the aid of, Protection to do It, (Hear, hqar.) Those men who were in favour of. Foreign-trade weVe , la favour of foreign rule. 8ome of them went .in|o Parliament to «wev|» away "that creature, Frotectiou/'aa 8ir llenry Parkea called it and tbew wpre tho men who voted for the Naral Defcnoo Kill, and who acquired title# by aubaerviettce to Eng land, and soma of them were those who trlvd to trample down the sentiment of nationality by meeting to publicly de nounce the Australian Native' Association, iileor, hear.) For his own part, ho (Mt. Ilackctt) looked upon every man who came to this country for thu purpose of improving bUowaco million and furthering theiulcrataof thia country, on Australian. Tho attempt to create and foster aa Ana- traliait national sentiment was one of the igna of the giowing importance of Aus tralia. If it ever came to a question of maintaining the cordial relations between thvaoeolumofiand the mother country, cr to rxclude thu Chinewu, he ltad no heita- tiou in saying that Atutralia wouldcho.no to ketp kl'ff Chlnwu out. (L'Iuht.) Chinese immigration muit Ira stopped at all harardi, and if England would nut do in tho matter what wr had a right to rxpect her to do, Australia hemaif nitut do aomvtbing to stem tho flood of Chinese into this land. Wc wel comed here from England number of workmen every year, but how could Buificirntcmployment begot fortbum f If n meferrcd foreign latraur, then wu rhould not be able to employ even the men who wrra with us now. So long as wages were higher here than in England— as lie hoped they would always be— would come here from the old country. During the last 10 years America gut frrm England 4, 47b, 417 immigrant. How could this bo done but for Protection in Aumca? Victoria was getting more mm from New South Wlu than New South Wale was getting from Victoria, although it vra constantly said that Protection in Victoria wis driving people to this colony. ("The old yarn. ) Rut why did ample, during tbo lost few yean, leave Yictori to couie here? ("The Government slroke."j Pre- cirely i jM.UOO.UOO per year of loan money waa apent on public work— £1,000,000 per year more than was spent in Victoria— ami moreover, while this oolooy had only three Inbohltonta to tho D|uaro mile, Victoria bad 10. in 1887 tho tide turned, and while New South Wales had still three to the square mile, Victoria had 11. lathe month of Fcbrunry last, Victoria gained 2C65 persons from New 8)uth Wale over and above the number which this colony obtainrd from Victoria, Ur. R-jc had shewn tfcat within three days 000 workmen were advertised for |lo the Melbourne Auv, while dating the same dn.v only 151 wi-ro ailrerHsrd for In (ha S. ;>»% llunM», uud win the two leading advertising media la Anrtralia With a fruitful soil, her wealth in mlnirals, and a people tMond to none in tho Auitrahan colonics, New South Wales should bo first iff tho groan of colonies, Instead of being second or third as she was at prescnL (Hear, hoar.) One of the Inrgint contractors beta had reduced tho wages of his stonemasons from Us to 10s a day. and his plumbers' wages by Is n day. iVould bo dato to do this If ho did nut know that hundreds of men In thu trade were going about without work ? (Hear, Lrar) Our own men wore now thrown out of employment, that men at the other end of tho world might be employed. Then thu Government took it tip'ti thcujsidvea to lower wages by giving wink at Cs a-dfiy to tho uncmplojod. Would not private cmploymuut uo (he same? ("Who commenced It.?") The Government seeing the men out of employ- furnt took them as State paupers. (" Win it Dibits or rtrkc who commenced It ?") lie did not care how it hud arisen ; the qticstinn rax how .was it to be brought to an end ? (Cheer:). ) Protection was the notional principle of every mint. A men did as much wotk for himself as ho could, and then when hu could not do the the work ho got somebody elaa to do it. (Hear, hear,) A man tilled uphtaown time first, nnd then employed others. Notwith standing that Sir Henry P-trkca so much defpiscd " Umt creature Protection," tho Ctinciplo hnd nevirtheleis a good-stxed old in this colony. Auiongat tho thing protci.kdjin New South Wales wcto leal t< itficco, sugar, kerou-nc, haius, ch-o, butter, eotulenml milk, tallied fruitn, jvmih, umisenn, Idreuits, oimtlei, doora, sashes, abutters, HwIht, gnlvaniseil Iron, galvau- iHd uiunufaetun-s, aui iron wire. Would Prec-trAilera like to take thedutiea off thorn tlilcca? if net, why not extend thcsyateini' If doors and shutter were Uxcd, why should not tabtev, chairs and cabinet be taxed? Tho increase of tobacco produc tion ia the crdiiny In 1833 . hod bccu 8t'2flcw|, over the vurrespoading rariod of 18b7. This and other industrial, if fos tered, would givo a cheaper article to tho eonaunur, a profit to tue manufacturer, and a revenue to tho Government. The riftfiaticacf our trade with Victoria during IM? in agricultural impleuieuts, weuriug Rpj ure-I, loot, drapery, flour and hard- wnre showed that our Import were to our exports as 843,287 to 07,843. It was a disgrace te this colony that we did not grow enough whett to meet our own requirement, but had to get It from Victoria. Let not the people of New South Wale be frightened by the periodical itp-rlsiog of the KLura ghost of sreturianiau). (laughter.) Mr. Uaym-ahad loft off mouthing profanity to belch forth Ligotty, but the day for that was (wised. !-et the raople of tills colony llx their minds and energies on an Au tralinn national (K/hey and not allow Uu-w relus to ho turactl aside by bogus side- brues of any description. (Checra.) Mt. \Vu. W xxvTCii atx'Onded the revo lution. He aaid ho was a convert from Free-trade, and ho was iu favour not only of Australia for tho Australians but ot ita lelng governed by Australians, tint was to any men of Australian feelings aud sentiment. Tho land question had been a . gteat factor to his (Mr. Weston's) change cf vpiuh-n. Tho laod question was tlio great ttoublo all over the world, and It would be thu Double in this country in the future. Rut ovltbcr a land nor a pro- p« ity tax would W sufficient to carry on the Government of the colony i the Cufrttrn House rumt Ira resorted to. The land question could not be settled without Protection, and the Chinese question was who allied with the subject of Protcc- Mr. ItiriuniwoN supported tho resolu tion. He said that Protectlenlito had to conteod with the Inexperience of tie young, and the prejudice of the old. Tfie youpg did not know what a wretched vtato of things existed onder Free-trade More gold was discovered. The present rare- of wages here was not due to Free- trade, but to tho impetus given to labour by the discovery of gold. In Frco-trado England «<J valorem duties ran up aa high as tO per ceot., and the tariff formed a bulky volume. Mr. T. SiuuoHDH al«o supjrarted the reredutlon. wnich was put and crrit-it. 't he )>roveedlug shortly afterwards t»-r- minuted. 