MELANESIA AND ITS MISSIONARIES Missionaries have excellent opportunities of observation, but few of them havo tho observ ing faculty. Their range of vision is usually very limited. Thoy can appreciate fairly enough whatever affects themselves personally, or has a hearing on their peculiar work, and there the matter ends. ' Arithmetic is loop?d upon by thcufas nothing moro than a means oi placing on record tho number of adult bap tisms ; but thoy seem to be incapahlo o! esti mating the number of thoso who remain unhaptisci They can jtoll the number of miles they travel, hut they do not seem to havo any idea of tho dimensions of tho inlands in wliich they labor, except ia so fat as they aro comparatively largq Ten I'enrs fn Ifelanata : By Uie Hcv. Alfred rouny, 31, A., late of tlio Molnncslari mission ; illustrated with chart and six engravings tiy-tlia author ana.lr..J. I'.lioilcs, Loudon : WcHs, Gardner, Dnrtoa aud Co. . or small, and oven that much luforui&tion; is often withheld, The; can tell how the natives . live, hut have no suggestions to offer as to how their physical condition might bo improved. , They have a boon eyo to existing trado, but have; little to say about the development of untouched resources. Their testimony, so far as it goes, is norerthcless reliable, and worthy ;of careful attention. The Rev, Mr. Penny's information is fully ap to the average mission ary standard, but does not go far beyond it. Tho chiof interest of his narrative lies in the fact that tho scene of his labors , lies in that little known part of -the; Solomon Islands through which the lino of demarcation between the German and English spheres of influence rnns. .His location was in the Florida group, which lies between ,tbo large islands of Guadalcaoar and Malayta, about 40 miles within tho Eng- : lish boundary and the large island of Ysabel on the German side. The natives of those islands are savago enough, but have shown considerable aptitudo for .rapid improvement. They are not all averse to thaintroduction of civilised ways, and have even manifested acapacity for understand ing rational argument. They gave up some of . their most cherished superstitions even before .embracing Christianity, and thereby gavo evidence that they were capable of making independent progress in civilisation. The whole structure of tho .religions superstition of the . people is based upon a belief in the existence rand powers of the ghosts of their ancestors. jJThese ghosts ore called " Tindalos," aud they r have to be propitiated with presents and sacri fices, the omission of which changes their friendship into enmity. These tindalos ap pear to bear a rescmblanco to tho Roman " manes, " or gods of the lower world, and those who attach great importance to similarity ' ip trace the connection of the ancient nnme with \- the modern ,lmanu,"or power, of the islanders of the Pacific. In 1883 n remarkable eveut happened, which indicated the beginning of the end of the belief in the power of tho tindalos. Up to that time tho chiefs had ex pressed disapprobation of the establishment of the missionary schools, because it was supposed that they wero displeasing to the tindalos, and that the " manu" of the new teaching was increasing I fob fast. A party of strolling dancers visited : the island of Gsota, and they were well patro- "nised, but when the time for their departure ' arrived there was a succession of advorse gales, : although everything was done to propitiate the 'tindalos in their favor. When at last tho leather became favorable, the chief of the party swore by all hiB tindalos that he would !neveragain visit tho island "becausotho powor "of the now teaching was toe strong tbero." This observation seemed to work on the native : intellect, and soon afterwards Mr. Penny was surprised by the appearance of Kaiekona, tho 'ohief of the district, with some of his people, Who stated that thoy had destroyed their 'charms and relics, the symbols of the tindalo power, and that thoy wished to be taught. The meaning of thiB was an acknowledgment Of the superior "manu" of tho new teaching. A neighboring chief named Rogani owed " Kaiekona a sum of money, but ho resolved not fo pay, because, as he argued, the power of his rival must have departed since he had quarrelled with his tindalos. He was disposed to believe in the "manu " of tho new teaching ; "but," ho arguod with himself, " let Kaiekona Come out of tho circle of its Influcuce, and he WiH soon find tho difference. " Kaiekona was resolved not to be cheated in thiB fashion. He mustered a big battalion, invaded liogani's country, and not only defeated liim, but destroyed all tho relics of his tindalos, which enjoyed the reputation of being exceptionally powerful. Wherever the news of this occur rence spread the work of conversion became comparatively easy. Tho power of tho tindalos became a thing of the past, Tho result was ' Tery favorable to the missionaries them- ' selves, and tbey accepted it as a dispensa- ' tion of Providence. The material results wero quite as remarkable as the spiritual. Ground Ohce held to bo sacred was fearlessly trodden upon ; certain places along tho beech, where only the initiated dared walk or land from " Canoes witbont payment of a fine, became public property ; sacrifices wero dropped, not only by those under the influence of Christian teaching, but becauso tho people no longer troubled themselves about that which was of no avail ; and the relics and emblems of the superstition were sold to tho missionaries, or nyono who would buy them, for what they .would fetch. A reform of this kind, however, is liable to occasional checks and a tendency to retrogression. This was tho case when a woman was carried away by an alligator, the first idea being that tho alligator was tho agent Of a tindalo, hut the movement is nevertheless In onward one. At the closo of Mr. Penny's ministrations thoro were 19 schools at Florida " and Ysabel, taught by a staff of 53 teachers, and having an aggregate daily attendance of 763 children and young people. The labor trade, Mr. Penny testifios, is ' dying a natural death. Tho prohibition to soli firearms and ammunition to rcturniug laborers removed one of the inducements to now recruits, whose chief ambition was to acquire tho means .' of purchasing a musket. Tho natives aro becoming tired of foreign servitude, and as trade of other kinds increases thoy find that thoy can do very well by leading a quiet lifo at boma. Tho demand for cocoanuts, bcch-la- mcr, pearl oyster shells and tortoiscshcll is expanding, and iB supplying an impetus to native industry. Bech-ln-mur is an especially valuable export, because undor no circum- stances will tho natives cat it them- solves. Tho progress of civilisation is increasing tho demand for imported articles, such ns pipes and tobacco, calico and fancy print, huts, shirts, trousers, knives, axes, suuccpuns and so forth. The usual tariff is a stick of tobacco for ton cocoanuts, and afutham of fancy print for a hundred. Thcro is littlo room for cboating, oxcept in regard to tbo quality of tho articlos, and tho natives aro not easily imposod upon. Tho traffic is carried on quite systematically, and tho min.ls of tho people, freed from the bondage of heathenish ideas, are expanding into newer and happier channels. Head-hunting is no longer on object of ambition. The Melancsian mission confines its labors chiofly to tho islauds north of tho 18th parallel of latitude, " beyond which lino," Mr. Penny says, « it may bo said that no permanent resi dence of Europeans is possiblo. " If evidence in support of this sweeping condemnation bo looked foritis not to be iound. Mr. Penny makes no montioh of any injury sustained by himself during his 10 years' residence, nor does ho record the illness or doath of any other European. Contrary to what might have been expected, tho climate seems to bo much more fatal to tho native teachers from other Poly nesian islands, and the inference would seem to be that tho European stamina is superior to that of natives, who might bo regarded as more fully acclimatised. Perhaps the difference is due to tbo Europeans taking better caro of tbemselvos and leading tranquil lives; bat of course people mast tako caro of themselves, wherever they may be, and, if they do not, tho blame cannot bo fairly chargeable to the climate. Missionaries aro generally well disposed towards traders, but they everywhere set their facos against the per manent settlement of whito people; and it is possible that this repugnanco may havo, unconsciously, some infiuonce on tho tendency of the missionaries to exaggerate tho dangers threatening those who may wish to try experi ments in colonisation. If so wo must wait for more indepondent tostimony on tho sub ject. The charm of Mr. Penny's volumo lies in tho fact that it breaks up now ground — leaves behind tho comparatively exbaustod groups of islands in which missionaries have boon labor ing farther to tho south, and iutrodnces us to " fresh fields and pastures new." It is satis- factory to find that in this hithorto neglected region the prospects of reclaiming the inhabi tants from their savage stato aro as good as those which wero observable in the better known islands half a century ago. Let us hope that some of the errors of tho past will be avoided in tho work of tho future. 