DEAD MAN'S ROCK: A ROMANCE ; BY Q. (Published by special arrangement witfc Messrs. O&ssell; & Go. All eights reserred-l BOOK I.-THE QUEST OF THE GREA.T RFBY. CHAPTER VI.- (Continued ) "Mother." Somewhat ashamed at being discovered, she dried her eyes and tried to staile-a poor pitiful smile, with the veriest ghost of joy in It. "Yes, Jasper." '' Is Apollyon still alive ?" " He stands for (she powers of evil, Jasper, and they are always alive." " But, I mean, does he walk about the world like a man ? Is he really alive V' "Why, no, Jasper. What nonsense has got into your head now ?" " Because, mother, I met him to-day. That is, he said he was Apollyon, and that he would come and carry me off if " Half apprehensive at my boldness, I cast an anxious look around as I spoke. Nothing met my eyes but the familiar furniture and the dancing shadows on the wall, until their gaze fell upon the window and rested there, whilst my heart grew suddenly stiff with terror, and my tongue clave to my mouth. As my voice broke off suddenly mother glanced at me in expectation. Seeing my fixed stare and dropped jaw, she too looked at the window, then started to her feet with a shriek. For there, looking in upon us with a wicked smile, was the white face of the sailor Ehodojani. For a second or two, petrified with horror, we stood staring at it. The evil Bmile flickered for a moment, baring the white teeth and lighting the depths of these wolfish eyes ; then, with a fiendish laugh, vanished in tbe darkness. He had then told the truth when he promised to haunt me. Beyond the shock ©f mortal terror, I was but little amazed. It seemed but natural that he should come as he had threatened. Only I was filled with awful expectation of his vengeance, and stood aghast at the consequences of my rashness. By instinct I turned to my mother for protection. But what ailed her? She had fallen back in her chair and was still staring with parted lips at the dark pane that a minute ago had framed the horrid coun tenance. When at last she spoke, her words were wild and meaningless, with a dreadful mockery of laaghter that sent a swift pang of apprehension to my heart. "Mother, it is gone. What is the matter ?" Again a few meaningless syllables and that awful laugh. And BO throughout that second awful night did she mutter and laugh, whilst I, helpless and terror-stricken, strove to soothe her and recall her to speech and sense. The slow hours dragged by, and still I knelt before her waiting for the light. The slow clock sounded the hours, and still she gave no sign of understand ing. The mice crept out of their accus tomed holes and jumped back startled at her laugh. The fire died low and the candle died oat; the wind moaned outside, the tamarisk branches swished against the pane ; the hush of night, with it3 in tervals of mysterious sound, held the house ; but all the time Bhe never ceaBed to gaze upon the window, and every now and then to mutter words that were no echo of her mind or voice. Day light, with its promonitory chill, crept upon us at last, but oh, how slowly. Day light looked in and found us as that cruel sight had left us, helpless and alone. But with daylight came some courage. Had there been neighbors near Lantrig I should have run to summon them before, but Polkimbra was the nearest habitation, ana Polkimbra was almost two miles off, acroBS a road possessed by horrors and perhaps tenanted by that devilish face. And how could I leave my mother alone ? But now that day had come 1 would ran to Lizard Town and see uncle Loveday. I slipped on my boots, unbolted the door, cast a last look at my mother still sitting helpless and vacant of soul, and rushed from the house. The sound of her laughter rang in my ears as the door closed behind me. Weak, haggard, and of wild aspect, I ran and stumbled along the cliffs. Dead Man's Rock lay below wrapped in a cur tain of mist. Thick clouds were rolling up from seaward ; the grey light of returning day made sea, sky, and land seem colorless and wan. Bat for me there was no sight but Polkimbra ahead. As I gained the little village I ran down the hill to the Lugger and knocked upon the door. Heaven's, how long it was before I was answered ! At last the landlady's head appeared at an upper window. With a few words to Mrs. Busvargas, which caused that worthy soul to dres3 in haste -with many ejaculations, I raced up the hill again and across the downs for Lizard To wn. My strength was giving way ; my head swam, my Bides ached terribly, my legs almost refused to obey my will, and a thousand lights danced and sparkled be fore my eyes, but still I kept on, now staggering, now stumbling, bat still on ward, nor stopped until I stood before Uncle Loveday'a door. There at last I fell ; but luckily against the door, so that in a moment or two I became conscious of AuntElizabeth stand ing over me and regarding me as a culprit red-handed in some atrocious crime. " Hoi'y-toity! What's the matter now ? Why, it's Jasper. Well, of all the freaks, to come knocking us up. What's the matter with the boy ? Jasper, what ails you ?' Incoherently I told my story, at first to Aunt Elizabeth alone, but presently, in answer to her call, Uncle Loveday came down to hear. The pair stood silent and wondering. They were not elaborately dressed. Aunt Elizabeth, it is true, was smothered from head to "foot in a gigantic Inverness cape, that might have been my uncle's were it not obviously too large for that little man. Her nightcap, on the other hand, was ostentatiously her own. No other woman would have had strength of mind to wear such head-dress. Uncle Loved ay's costume was even more singu lar ; for the first time I saw him without a single brass button, and for the first time I understood how much he owed to those decorations His first words were "Jasper, I hope you are telling me the tiuth Your mother told me yester day of some cock-and bull story concern ing the Anna Maria, or some such vessel. 1 hope this is not another such case. I have told you often enough where little boys who tell falsehoods go to." My white face must have been voucher for my truth 011 this occasion, for Aunt Elizabeth cut him short with the single word " Breakfast," and hailed me into the little parlor whilst the pair went to dress. As I waited I heard the sound of the pony without, and presently Aunt Eliza beth returned in her ordinary costume to worry the small servant who laid break fast. Whether Uncle Loveday ever had that meal I do not know to this day, for whilst it was being prepared I saw him get into the little car riage and drive off towards Lantrig. I was told that I could not go until 1 had eaten ; and so with a sore heart, but no thought of disobedience, I turned to breakfast. The meal had scarcely begun when the door opened and Master Thomas Loveday sauntered into the room. Master Thoma3 Loveday, a youth of some eight summers, was, in default of a home of his own, quartered permanently upon my uncle, whose brother's son he was. His early days had been spent in India, After, however, both father and mother had sac- i cumbed to the climate of Madras, he was sent home to England, and had taken root In Lizard Town. Hitherto his life had been one long lazy slumber. Whenever we were sent, on his rare visits to Lantrig, to "play together," as old age always rudely puts it, his Invariable rale had been to go to sleep on the first conve nient spot. Consequently his presence embarrassed me not a little. He wa3 a handsome boy, with blue eyes, long lashes, fair hair, and a gentle habit of | speech. When I came to know him better I learnt the quick wit and subtle power that lay beneath his laziness of manner, but at present the soul of Thomas Loveday slept. He was certainly nob wide awake when he entered the room. With a sleepy nod at me, and no trace of surprise at my presence, he pursued his meal. Occa sionally, as Aunt Elizabeth put a fresh question, he would regard her with a long stare, but otherwise gave no sign of ani mation. This finally so exasperated my aunt that she addressed him ,£ Thomas, do not stare." Thomas looked mildly surprised for a moment, and then enquired, " Why not ?" "Does the boy think I'm a wild Indian ?" The question was addressed to me, but I could not Bay, so kept a discreet silence. Thomas relieved me from my difficulty by answering, " No," thought fully, " Then why stare BO ? I'm sure I don't know what boys are made of nowadays." "Slugs and snails and puggy-dogs' tails," was the dreamy answer. "Thomas, how dare you? I should like to catch the person who taught yoa such nonsense. I'd teach him !" " It was Uncle Loveday," remarked the innocent ThomaB. There was an awful pause, which I broke at length by asking to be allowed to go. Aunt Elizabeth saw her way to getting rid of the offender. " Thomas, you might #alk with Jasper over the downs to Lantrig. It will be nice exercise for you." " It may be exercise, aunt, but " "Bo not answer me, but go. Where do you expect little boys will go to who are always idle ?" " Sleep," hazarded Thomas. "Thomas, you shall learn the whole of Dr. Watts's poem on the sluggard before you go to bed this nighb." At this the boy slowly rose, took his cap, stood before her, and solemnly re peated the whole of that melancholy tale, finishing the last line at the door and gravely bowing himself out. I followed, awestruck, and we set out in silence. At first, anxiety for my mother possessed all my thoughts, but presently I ventured to congratulate Tom on his performance. "She has read it to me so often," re plied he, " that I can't help knowing it. I hate Dr. Watts, and I love to go to sleep. I dream such jolly things. Sleep is ever so much nicer than being awake, isn't it ?" (To be continued,) 