From the Government Analyst's report for the year 1887 we learn that his department does not work at all satis factorily in the interests of the general public. ' Much delay,' he says, ' with consequent inconvenience to importers, and not infrequent damage to mail matter m transit, having arisen from the necessity for sending through the Post Office samples of all kerosene im ported for test here, the arrangements described at the end of my report were made, by which consignments of this oil can now be tested at the port of entry.' These arrangements are to the effect that the Customs officers at Circular Head, Emu Bay, Ulverstone, Formby, and Launceston now test the kerosene instead of the Government Analyst. Out of all the imports during the above-named year at the Northern ports only one sample was found to be below the standard of safety, and that was at Torquay. When re-tested at the laboratory the oil was found to be two or three degrees below standard. Of course the thought occurs, without prejudice to the Customs officials — are unpracticed laymen competent to pro nounce upon the numerous samples which escaped further analysis ? The same system has been adopted, so far as we can understand the report, in ! regard to analysing tea, which, like kerosene, is made compulsory by the Act. Mr Ward says it would have been impossible, with the a:d of only one laboratory assistant, to meet the increased demand upon his time, had not arrangements been made for re ferring the samples of tea in the first instance to a taster. There were 27 samples of tea analysed and examined in the laboratory. Twenty of these were forwarded by the Collector of Customs, nineteen of which were of such inferior quality that their com pulsory re-exportation was recom mended. It is matter for regret that so little information is afforded in the report about the quality of the condemned teas. The report contains only four lines on this important subject, and I does not say whether the teas were adulterated with deleterious substances, as may be the case in green teas, to impart an artificial colour, or whether the teas examined were merely of inferior strength. The public are cer tainly entitled to expect a more de tailed statement; especially as it has got abroad that the tests are not reliable. A mercantile firm in this town has recently published some extraordinary revelations of the manner in which business is done in the Analyst's De partment. The writer says — ' The public have no conception of the trouble and expense our Analyst is causing to the trade. We purchased one break of China tea lately, 300 half chests, which was shipped from Mel bourne in two shipments. The first and largest portion was passed ; the second shipment, through a mistake, was twice sampled, both samples being forwarded at the 6ame time to the Analyst as different teas. One passed ; the other was condemned. As the whole lot consisted of one brand and one numoer, the Customs officer did not know how to act in the case, and Mr Campbell, our chief of Customs, was called in to decide the matter. As our initials were marked in ink on every third or fourth package, he de cided the matter by giving us all the initialled and re-shipping all the others. We are never sure of any tea passing fine or cheap, and if a sample lot is sent over it is no proof that the balance will pass, although it is the one quality of tea. These wonderful results of analysis cause a large amount of delay and expense, and the public must also bear in mind that these teas have been examined and passed in Victoria previous to being shipped here.' This is a direct charge, mads by a large im porting firm in Launceston, who have affixed their names to the statements made; so that it is time, we think, without reference to similar complaints which have been made in other quarters, that a strict enquiry was instituted into the competency of the officers employed, and the system they adopt. If the above results are unsatisfac tory to the public, who have to bear the cost of an Analyst's Denartment. what will they think of other portions of the report? It is well known that people -who indulge in the use of spirituous liquors, even to a very moderate extent, are more liable to be poisoned by it than by any other article of food or drink. Ifew brands of whiskey, which is the chief drink of those who are not total ab stainers, are constantly coming in the market, the quality of which is un known to the consumer, and of course all brands — old as well as new — in all spirituous liquors may contain fusel oil or other poisons, and should be tested when in bond, while there is a salaried officer to do the work. Instead of this, however, only three samples of spirits were tested by order of the Govern ment in the year 1887 ; and of these no special reference is made in the report, except that ' A brandy sub mitted 'with a tender was not thought good enough for hospital use.' Four samples of spirits were analysed for | municipal districts, and one for a pri vate individual, to which no remark is appended in the report but the follow ing : — ' A rum retailed at Swansea was Hi per cent, under proof.' The Go vernment have not had one sample of ale or beer tested during the year, which is very unsatisfactory, indeed, :\s these drinks are perhaps even more liable to adulteration than spirits. A recent Commission of Enquiry in New South W;des discovered some quite alarming results from test samples of ale aud beer in that Colony. The purity of our milk supply is another important factor to the health of the community. The Government had not one sample of milk tested during the year ; the Municipal dis tricts had 57, and private iiniiviihi;ils 2\. Of these 59 samples of milk, twenty were found to be either watered, skimmed, or not of proper substance, thirteen of which were served to cus tomers in Launceston, aud five at Hobart. The other work doue at the Government Laboratorary in 18S7 was of little importance to the general public. Thirty-one samples ot ores and minerals were tested by the i Analyst for the Government, sixteen 1 of which were to ascertain the value of ] the Full Moon' district ; also a num ber of silver ores from various parts of the Colony, and a few from Broken Trill, but Mr Wai'd does not favor the public with results. There were 11 analyses in criminal cases, one being tbe celebrated bottle of champagne, and others led to the removal of an un founded suspicion of attempts to poison. The latter was an exceedingly valuable service ; but, upon the whole, the Department can hardly he counted worth its cost to the country. Would not private analysts, holding good certificates of competency, do the work at less cost to the Colony ? Teas and kerosene are are dealt with by the Customs officials. Spirits, wines, ales, and beer are not analysed at all. Munici palities and private individuals, re quiring any article analysed, have to pay half a guinea to the Analyst for each test, or such amount as may be agreed on between the party con cerned and the Aualyst ; so that the public are really no better off that they would be if private analysts, licensed by the Government, were permitted to perform the work which is now done at considerable cost, and with very little benefit, by a distinct Government establishment. Bowing to the inevitable, Ministers have not been long in consigning their precious Personalty Tax to the limbo of Legislative abortions, whence its unquiet ghost willl never more return to vex the.souls of Her Majesty's Tas manian lieges. Its requiem was chanted last night by its unlucky author, whose soul still evidently yearned over his strangled bantling. To this, without doubt, may be attributed the fact that he performed the sacrificial solo with so ill a grace, and in acquit ting himself of the invidious task, could not forbear discharging a Par thian shot at the cause of his discom fiture. Ministers, ;he announced, had since last evening considered the situation, and after consulting with their supporters had, in view of the widely expressed opinion against it, decided to withdraw the Personalty Tax. This, however, was not on any account due to the Opposition — Cer- tainly not! — but in deference to the wish of the Colony, and also because of a statement, generally acknowledged to be true, that the Bill would be thrown out in another place. They would, therefore, go no farther with it in Committee. This merely fulfils general expectation with respect to the fate of the measure. It was never supposed that Ministers would hold to this, or any other plank of their platform, after once being convinced that it would jeopardise the seats upon the Treasury Benches, to which they cling so tenaciously. The unwritten preface to the Ministerial programme might thus be rendered : — ' Gentlemen, — These are our proposals, but if they fail to meet your views, we will endeavor to find others more acceptable. We have an elastic assort ment on hand, which can be stretched so as to fit any phase of political feel ing.' Still it is strange that, in making the necessary change of front, the Treasurer should invite sarcastic com ment by the awkwardness of the mano;uvre. That the abandonment of the obnoxious Personalty Tax at this stage is due to the Opposition, no one can for a moment entertain the faintest scintilla of a doubt ; and the uncalled for denial was a most egregious blunder. It represents the one Opposition suc cess, but it is a substantial one ; and that it has been scored against overwhelming odds entitles the party to the greater credit. From the out set the team has been mumerically weak, and utterly disorganised ; but seeing a clear duty on this head, the leader and his followers have consistently and vigorously opposed the scheme, and, by gaining . the time necessary to permit a full expression of public opinion, have compelled its abandon ment. For this members in Opposition are entitled to public thanks, notwith standing the fact so naively admitted by the Treasurer that Ministers had introduced a proposal which had no chance of passing the Upper Chamber. What is to be substituted for the abandoned tax Ministers have as yet declined to state, notwithstanding the pressing invitation of the member for Cumberland. If Ministers are wise, be fore any move is made in this direc tion, they will first of all endeavour to obtain some fairly approximate idea of the amount which will be yielded by the realty. Until this is done they are not in a position to say what may or may not be required, and tbe con stituences are not prepared to pay either through Income Tax or Customs Duties simply because Ministers have muddled and mismanaged their assess ment arrangements. Coxcjert at Evandale. — Last evening a very enjoyable concert was given in the Council Chambers, Evandale, by local friends, assisted by sever.il members of the Owl Club of Launceston, the entertainment being for a charitable object The hall was crowded in every part. Kich item was heartily applauded, and in many instances encored. Sir A J. Scott filled the position of chairman The Morren Band, who have improved very much in their playing, Ten dered selections outside the hall, and played two pretty selections during the evening, entitled ' Crown Diamonds' and ' Gloria.' Mr J. Edwards sang ' The fisherman and bis child' and ' The Scotch Brigade' in good style. Mr Harris con tributed ' Juanita' and ' Will you come to meet her?'' Sliss Crawford, 'The lights of London' and 'The old loch;' and Mrs Ridgeway, 'Gates of the west' and 'Apart:' each of the«e items being well received. Mr A J. Scott sang that fine descriptive song, ' The Young Brigade.' in good style, whi'e he was also well received with Mr B. W. Tevelein, in the popular duets, ' Tbe Army and Navy' and ' Larboard Watch.' Mr Lindsay sang two Scotch songs, ' Annies Laurie ' and ' Bonnie Dundee,' in capital style, and Air Tevelein appeared to advantage in thai, gmd old song, 'The finllants of England.' and Mr j W. .M'Farlaue brought tlie house in both his comic songs.' Down went flic captain and ' 1 did it.' having to respond to encores in both instances. The Evening's amusement concluded with the patriotic sons, ' Old England and the new,' by Mr M'Farlane, with chorus by the Owls. Tlie Misses Bryan and Mrs Ridgeway acted as accompauists to the singers in an efficient manner. The Rev. J. Chambers thanked the performers for thoir kindness in assist ing. and moved a hearty vote of thanks, which was carried by acclamation. ' Illi'strated Afstraltan Nkws.' — The Anffn=t number of Ihe Ilhmt rated Anxtrniian News has reached us from Messrs. Ilopwood and .Tames. As may be ex- peeled, the major portion of the space is devoted to a pictorial history of the Exhi bition, but the views are evidently very hurriedly executed, and are far below tbe standard of this excellent paper. L.ll.R. Challexce Badge. — The resus citation of the competition for the monthly challenge badge takes place on Saturday. The iirst squad fires at 1*30, the second at 3\. Competitors should be punctual on the ground, as daylight is short, and there is hardly likely to be less than 40 men at the tiring points. If four targets are running, it will take such a team all their while to get through before sundown. PfiOPHETrc Conference. — According to announcement, meetings of those interested in prophecy were held at the Memorial Church yesterday, to ' seek to know the Master's mind in reference to His own glorious appearing.' In the afternoon the meeting, which was held iu the school- , room, was well attended, and presided over by Pastor H. Wood. Pastor H. Blackw spoke on ' The second coming of the Lord \ pre-millennial,' and, in the course of his j remarks, said that prior to His coming the j Jews would be re-established in their own ! land, and that then the nations of the earth j would be iudued aceordim? to their treat- 1 ment of those people. Death, he said, was | not the goal of the Christian's hope, but the j coming of the Lord, which it was probable would be immediate. He was succeeded by the Rev. G. W. Gillings, whose address -was entitled ' The reign of the Lord, per sonal as well as spiritual.' In treating of the subject he said it must be borne in .-nind that Christ's reign could be nothing else but personal, the sphere of Christ's reign at present was only in the heart and life of believers by the lloly Spirit. But His future reign should be a manifestation for, ' every eye should see Him.' He will begin to reign by putting down opposition to His Kingdom and putting up His authority. T!je effect of His coming would be to sweep away the-curse from the earth, and turn it into den. They were gathering the ti st H'ATi, but He was going to reap the harvest. The last speaker was succeeded by Pastor Soltau, who said that those who held the same views as the present speakers had often been called ' second adventists,' because they believed that Christ would actually appear again personally, ia the same manner as he had ascended from the earth. But prior to His appearance the whole world must know of Him, and it was a remarkable instance that only in J une last a monster conference, attended by upwards of 1500 delegates, had been held to try and adopt measures to evan gelise the whole world. In the evening the attendance was again very good, and Mr R. Smith occupied tlie chair. The first speaker was Rev. E. C. Tennent, who spoke of ' The coming of the Lord in relation to the church.' He said that all those who call upon God out of a true and sincere heart were God-made members of Christ's Church, and this church was to be pre sented to Christ as his -wife ; not one by one, but altogether, when their number should be fulfilled. Christ had promised His fol lowers a return to his people, and the 5 church had this hope to buoy the mem bers up when pressed down with sorrow and bereavement. On this return there would be for the church rest. The next speaker was Mr A. Clerke, who spoke on ' The two Resurrections and the Judgment seat of Christ,' and said the Judgment Seat of Christ had reference to believers only, and advised his hearers to carefully peruse the portions of Scripture having reference to it. At the close it was announced that there would be a slight change from the advertised programme for to-day's meetings, which will be as follow : — Morning meeting at 11, for private conference aud to answer enquiries and questions; 3 p.m., public meeting, chair man Rev D. S. Bruiinoa. speikers Revs. G. W. Gillings and E. C. Tennent ; evening, 7*30, chairman Mr J. u. Smith, speakers - — Pastor M'Cullongh and Rev. G. W. Giliings, on 'Chief characteristic signs of the close of the pre.-eut age.' An enquiry and question meeting will also be held at the same place at 615 p.m., when those holding different views are invited to attend for a friendly controversy. Police Court. — Mr G. W. Waterhouse, Acting P.M., presided at the Launceston Police Court yesterday, aud disposed of the following cases : — Caroline Mills, for being drunk and disorderly in Canning-street on the p-evious morning, was fined 10s, in default 4S hours' imprisonment. William Daltry pleaded guilty to using ohsceue language on an allotment of land abutting on Tamar-street, on the 11th inst. A fine of 21s, with 7s €d costs, was inflicted, in default one month For a similar offence on the 11th inst. in York-street, George Harton, who pleaded not guilty, was fined 40s, with 10s tid costs, in default one month. Fourteen days were allowed the defendant in which to pay the fine. William lmlach was charged with having, on the 8th inst., six cows at large on the Elphin-road. He pleaded guilty, and was fined 5s and 8s 6d costs, the number of cows in the charge having been reduced to one. John Price.was mulcted in a fine of 10s and 7s 6d costs for having, on the 12th inst., disturbed the public peace in Bathurst street. George Woods pleaded not guilty to driving a vehicle across George and York streets on the 10th inst. at other than a walking pace. The charge was proved, and a fine of 2s 6d imposed, the costs being remitted. The Court then adjourned. PRESENTATION TO Mb EsOCH RlCHiBDS. — A very pleasing ceremony took place in the White Hills State School on Wednes day afternoon last after the usual school hours. A number of ladies and gentlemen had taken the opportunity to visit the school, and at the same time to show, in a substantial manner, the esteem and respect they had for the teacher, Mr Enoch Richards, who is shortly to leave for another colony. Mr Richard Chugg, on behalf of the contributor, then handed to Miss Gee a beautiful gold hunting case ladies' watch for presentation to the teacher on behalf of bis wife, -whose delicate health precluded her from taking a sea voyage and being present with him. Mr Chugg, in a few well-chosen remarks, referred to the respect and goodwill Mr Richards had gained since his residence in their midst, and the regret which was generally being felt at iiis contemplated departure. Mr Thomas Gee, of Taliska, also spoke in a similar strain. Mr Richards, in replying, said be felt somewhat at a loss for words to convey adequately his feelings for the valuable testimonial they had so kindly contributed for Mrs Richards, and he felt sure that she would value it more for the kindly feeling it exhibited towards himself than for its intrinsic worth, and added that he had always found both parents and scholars, for sincerity and honesty of purpose, to compare favorably with any he had witnessed, and that Mrs Richards would acknowledge to the various subscribers her acceptance of the valuable present. Cheers were called for and given to the teacher, the parents, and scholars, and for the education department, thus closing a very pleading ceremony. e may add that Mr Richards has succeeded Mr Barnett as State School-teacher at lloss Musical and Dha.mattc Entkutais ME'T. — At Miiton Hall, this evening, a musical and dramatic entertainment will be given iu aid of ^t. Paul's choir fund. We have seen the programme to be submitted, and we must say that we have seldom seen one that offered so many attractions. The first part comprises vocal and instrumental selections, and a better combination of our local talent has rarely been got together'for a concert in Launceston. Misses ids, Ella, and AI. Cox are each down for a ? olo, aud we. notice the names of our two most pro minent instrumentalists, .Messrs. W. H'. Scott and J. Bryan. The second part con sists of a well-wTitten comedietta, entitled 'Avery awkward mistake,' wiiich, judg ing by the dress rehearsal last eve.iing-, should go as merrily as a marriage-ball, ilr Bignold deserves n. good word for the pains he has taken over this concert, and we hope his labors will receive a just reward— a bumper house. S. T. A^ihct'i.t jiAi. and I'Asrnmi, SociF.iv. —From Mr'.'. K. Dnvirs. lion of (he .^.T, Agricultural and t :i i 1 Society, we ha ve received tlie nl prizes for the 141, h annual exhihifciou to be held on Wednesday, October 17. at the Society's Grounds, near Hobart. Besides the list of classes aud special prizes, which are again numerous, there is a full report of the last annual meeting, which shows the society to be in a very nourishing position. The latest date for receiving entries is on Saturday, October 16, at 4 p.m. One may add that, as usual, special facilities have been offered by the managers of the Jlain Line Railway Company and Launeesron and Western Railway for the conveyance of exhibits of this show. NciGHrsoni.Y Rklahoxs. — Yesferdiy nflemoon Mary lung and Catherine Hardy h-id a discussion in York-street, aud parted to consider the argument. Abiut 7'o0 iu the evening they again met, when o no attacked the other, upon which the latter entwined her lingers in the former's hair, and said, 'If one is to go, we'll both go. and I'll hold you till the police come up.' While they w-ere still disputing on i.he j pavement, it being difficult to say who was I uppermost, Sergeant M--:r appeared on the scene, and both the p-.vvi ics were lodged in I he police cells for the night on r- charge of disturbing the public peace, to il:it-k over their dispute, prior to interviewing Mr W aterhouse this morning. The Criminal Calendab. — Mr Justice Adams disposed of the whole of the Ciises within the criminal jurisdiction of tlie Supreme Coiu-fc yesterday, when convic tions were sustained in all except one case. The sentences passed will be found in another column. The record of John Moran, who was sentenced to 6 years' im prisonment on a charge of burglary, is probably unparalled. He was transported to the colonies in May, 1627, under a sen tence of 7 years, on a charge of robbery. At Sydney, in 183G, lie was sentenced to a term of 14 years' imprisonment for un lawfully receiving. At Launceston, in IS 17, he was accorded a life sentence for burglary. In 1855, while on ticketof leave, he was sentenced to S years' im prisonment for uttering a forged cheque. At the Hobart Police Court, in 1S62, be had again to go up for 18 months, aud on his former sentences, was not again re leased on a ticket-of-leave until 1874. At Launceston, in 1881, he was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of 8 years, and was again released on December 22 last, on a ticket-of-leave. The prisoner is a hale, hearty man. Mr Justice Adams, after re ferring to the prisoner's long record, said in consideration of his age, he would only sentence him to 6 years. In the Scottsdale railway assault case, the jury held that there had been great provocation for th« assault, and that 14 days and a month would meet the exigencies of the case. The -Jourt held that Sarah Sullivan had a terrible record against her, 15 cases since June, 1880, independent of prior charges; while Henry Nelson also had three bad marks against him on the police register. Shoppee had a previous conviction against him, for uttering, and as that had not been a deterrant to him to strike out a new path, tbe Court inflicted a sentence of 3 years. The Court ordered delivery of cash and goods impounded, to the lawful owner. Presenting Arms. — The legal aspect of this subject was brought into prominence yesterday at the sitting's of the Supreme Csurfc. Section 18 of 27 Vic., No. 5, pro vides that 'whosoever shall ? present any kind of firearms at any other person shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liabla to be imprisoned for four years.' On the contention of counsel for the prisoner, Mr Justice Adams very pertinently remarked if a weapon, or what be supposed to be so, though it were a bunch of keys or a child s popgun were presented at his head, he would not stay to see bow many chambers there were in the pistol, or whether what the man held in his hand was a revolver or not. He ould only administer the law aB it stood, and under it if a mm only raised a pistol in fun at another, he was amenable to the provisions of the Act. Counsel for the defence had argued that the provision bad arisen during the bushranging times, and the law should be altered. That might be so, but he found the act had been carried on from session to session, and he only had to deal with the Act as it stood. Obpheus Club. — On Friday and Saturday evenings next our townspeople will have the good fortune to receive a visit from the members of the Hobart Orpheus Club. AlthougL ;!i- nearly 12 months since they last paid us a visit, the pleasure they afforded their audiences then must be still green in their memories. The box plan will be opened at Messrs. Walch Bros, and Birchall's on Monday next, and we would advise those who intend visiting their concerts to make early application for their seats, as our readers are aware they never fail to draw big houses. It should also ba remembered that after their concerts last year they very kindly forwarded a cheque for £10 to the secretary of the Benevolent Society, and we sincerely trust that the public will bear this in mind, and show their appreciation of their kindness by filling the Academy on both occasions. Few ON THE BbISTOL COMPANY. — In another column will be found the full list of the performers who take part in that intensely amusing comedy-oddity ' Fun on the Bristol,' described by many intercolo nial papers as 'the funniest thing written.' Some very pretty scenery is now being painted, and the scenic effects will be some thing out of the common. Mr Manfred Rose, well-known as manager for the Polks, Dampier, and Miss Ada Ward, is managing the present company. Columbia Skating Rink. — The living chess tournament was repeated at the Skating Rink last night to a fair attend ance. The game was played more scientific ally than on the previous occasion, the players evidently being better up to the various movements. Little May gave another exhibition of trick skating, for which she was loudly applauded- To-night a football match on skates will take place, instead of the Polo match as advertised, aa the sides wish to have a little more practice. During the evening a boxing match will also take place between two gentlemen amateurs, and a good deal of fun wil[ prob ably emanate from it. Fox Termer Coubsing. — A correspon dent, under the signature ' Foxie,' writes : — It is with pleasure that I note the rapid strides fox terrier coursing has made in our midst within the last 12 months ; two clubs in a place like Launceston denotes a healthy rivalry. Still the entries received at the late coursing meets have not reached the number that were entered for the diffe-ent shakes at the meet, under the auspices of the N.T.F.T.A., on last 9th November. Why? Because the late meets have been for under 181b or 211b dogs, and no stake for 23lb dogs. Now, in the November meet, 181b or under was the weight for the Birthday Gift, and 231b or under for the Maiden Plate, and the same for the Champion Stakes. For the Birthday 13 dogs entered ; the Maiden, 24 dogs ; and the Champion, 14 dogs. Contrast this with the last meet of the N.T.F.T.A., when 211b was the highest weight — Maiden, 11 dogs ; Criterion, 8 dogs. Now, this plainly shows that 231b is much more popular than 211b. I trust that our clubs will in the future have at least one stake for dogs 231b and under in a day's sport. Fabmebs' Meeting at Haglev. — At half-past 7 o'clock this evening Mr Thomas Hogarth will, at the Hagley HaU, read a paper on ' Manures -. Their component parts, and ho w to use them ' Fallowing : Why it is successfully practised.' Youths' and farmers' sons are specially invited. Tnteticoi.oniai. Medic ai Congress of Austbalasia. — In the month of January next year there will be held in Melbourne an Intercolonial Medical Congress. A similar gathering took place last veaTin Adelaide, but it did not possess the pro portions contemplated by the promoters of the congress in this colony. The Adelaide Congress (says the Age) resolved that the next gathering was to take place in Mel bourne. but there was an understanding that a period of three yeaas should elapse between the two meetings. When, how ever. measures began to be taken in the way of prepara'ion for tbe distant event, it was. felt by several of the promoters that, in view of the large number ot per sons who would visit Melbourne during the time of the Centennial Exhibition, it would be a pity not to take advantage of the pre sence among them of members of the medical profession from other colonies visiting the great show, and so secure for ' the congress a much fuller attendance than would be tbe cise if there was no other inducement to visit this colony. After considerable debate, therefore, in the pro visional committee, it was resolved — 'That the congress should be held in January, I88!l, that mouth being selected as within the vacation lime of the several universities.' At the congress in Adelaide, in accordance with the custom uniformly observed iu all scientific ass mhlies of the kind, the president of the congress next following was elected, and the unanimous choice fell upon Mr T. N. Fitzgerald, F.R.C.?.!., of this city. It is superfluous to say that thi- selection has given entire satisfaction to the whole medical profes sion in Australasia. In this metropolis, where Mr Fitzgerald has successfully prac tised the art of which he is so perfect a master during the last 30 years, it is quite unnecessary to speak of the position he holds as an accomplished surgeon and a leading citizen. He enjoys the unqualified respect both of his brethren of the order to which he belongs, and of the public whom he has served so well. But it is not alone in the colony where he has made his home that he takes a prominent place, but in all the other colonies of the Australasian group his name is equally well known, and his scientific skill not less recognised. His election to the honorable office of presi dent of the congress, therefore, was only a proper acknowledgement of Hie merits which indicated his fitness for the position, and the collective m-dical profession con f--f|uenrly feel confident that, under his direction, the great gathering will lack in no particular the success it is so desirable should be achieved. Telegraphic Intehbcptions. — A notice ?was received at the Electric Telegraph Otiice yesterday from Akyab, stating that tile Iiue= to Calcutta were interrupted, only one beiiig available. WiiAjEtF Mission Hall. — There 'was a very large attendance at the usual monthly blue ribbon meeting, held in the Wharf Mission flail last night, when Mr K. Marshall occupied the chair. As usual, the programme was lengthy and varied, and carried out satisfactorily. At the conclu sion o£ the meeting several signed the pledge. Accident. — Yesterday afternoon as a little girl named Smith was swinging on a gate ai her parents' residence she jammed tlie end of tlie thumb on her right hand. The accident caused her a deal of pain, and she was taken to the residence of Dr. Stewart, Charier- street, who, assisted by Br. Holmes, amputated the end of the injured member. A divideud at the rate of 10 per cent; per annuui, in the Tasmanian Steam Naviga tion Company, is pay.ible at the company's office, Hobart, and at Lower George street, Launceiton. The usual weekly meeting ol the Parlia mentarv Debating Society will take place iu the .Mechanics' Institute this evtning, at half-pas. 7. Aq-jadrille Assembly will take place at ?8 o'clock this evening, at the Cornwall Assembly Rooms. A temperance entertainment will be held at Youug Town on the evening of the 21st inst. lu another column will be found the manifest of goods imported by Messrs. W. llurt mid eons, ex barque Weser, which has just arrived from New York. Hie shipment comprises American machinery and much ironmongery ol a general character. ' Rough on Catarrh' corrects offensive ; odors at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases ; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath ( 1 Skinny Men. — ' Wells' Health Renewer. restores health and vigor, c urea dyspepsia sexual debility. At chemists and druggists, Felton, Grim wade, and Co., Agents, Mel bourne. (1 