Tbe Salvation Army. A Naw DWABTUBB <BT TOTE SALVATION ABUT.—From All the World, a monthly publication ofthe Army, we extract the following appeal by General Booth:—"foi sometime now the starving condition of great numbers of the London poor has appealed Imploringly to mb for help. Not only are there thousands who walk the streets of this great city, with its pfctatud mansions, abounding wealth, and costly luxury, not knowing where to find a meal of bread, but there .'are numbers more who have nowhere to lay their heads save in the shadow of the railway arches, in the recesses of the bridges. Or on the seats in the public parks and squares. To help these poor, hungry, helpless crowds, for' both this world and the next, has long been our earnest desire, but how to do it with the slender means we oan command has been the puezling question. We have now decided to do something towards alleviating this dreadful misery, and have taken large premises in the West India-road, Li alehouse, in which we propose to establish a very cheap food ddpot, and also to furnish a sleeping shelter for the night. We propose to supply a basin of soup to the children for a farthing; soup and bread, ditto, for a halfpenny; soup for an adult, a halfpenny; soap and bread, for one penny, together with other food—coffee, tea, and cocoa—at similar priceB. It is also proposed to find a man a warm and clean Bleeping place for a night with some little refreshment for a penny. In conjunction with this alleviation of the temporal miseries of these hungry, homeless ones, it is intended by meetings held morning and evening, and by the most direct personal dealing, to seek their salvation. Perhaps a more hopeless class than this wretched crowd, which lives continually in the land of the shadow of death, does not exut They are ordinarily considered beyond help, but the Salvation Army has faith iu the power of the Holy Ghost and the devotion of its workers to reaoh some, at least, of those who have long since abandoned themselves to despair. We hope, by the exercise of the greatest care, to be able to make this scheme very nearly self-supporting, the feeding part of it entirely so. Bat we find the alterations, fitting of the building, sapply of steam apparatus, and other appliances will cost as about £600. This we ask our friends to supply." 