THE MAJOR'S YARN. (Written for the Hamilton Spectator by pmr.ir MacMABok.) Bankrupt in all feeling would be that man who could gaze unmoved on the panorama of loveliness presented by o cnnset such as that I looked noon one evening on the Brahmapootra. I have seen the sun go down girt by a mantle of living fire, among " Those treacherous ieles that lie In the midst of sunny deeps, Where the cocoa stands on the glistening sands, And the dread tornado sweeps." and the sight shall linger long in my memory. I have seen in the Indian Sea the sun, as he sank to rest, cast his slanting rays across the waste of waters, crest ing every wavelet with myriads of seeming jewels, and then, when he sank a little lower, there seemed an other sea beyond the one on which our vessel rode, a sea of liquid gold, studded with fairy islets, crowned with waving palms and cloud-built palaces, the lovely perspective melting off in- gorgeous hues, " Till I could almost think to gaze Through golden vistas into Heaven." Bat how cau I describe that sunset on the river 1 How could anyone describe it ? What tongue could tell, what pencil paint the marvellous gradations of its myriad hues ? Our vessel was moored in the stream, and I lav across the bulwark, fearful of losing a single ray of the fading glory ; but night came quickly down and I was turning to go, when a heavy hand was laid across my eyes, whilst another seized my right wrist and held me fast. Qnickly perceiving that no harm was intended, I remained quiet, and soon discovered who my captor was. ' Hullo, Major ! I thought you were in Burmah, giving the dakoits a bad time of it Have yon come down by way of Kohirno ? I was not aware that you were on board.' Major B released me, and extend ing his brawny hand, inquired : ' How did you know who it was V ' Well, I missed the little finger of your lefc hand, and you know that a three fingered left hand is your trade mark, " without which none is genuine."' ' Now it is very queer,' said the major, ' that I should be recognised by the absence of that finger in the very spot where I lost it jast about twenty years ago, and on the only occasion that I have been in a steamer anchored here since then. Yen see,' he continued, ' that large rock that looms above the river on the opposite shore. In that rock the hermits cut a deep cave, heaven knows how many centnries ago, and on that night, I remember, there was a light at the eatrance of the cave ; thus I can fix the place in which we anchored, and where I lost my finger, aud nearly lost my lift' 'Tell me how it occurred, Major.' ' Oh, certainly. Here, boy ; two chairs and a cheroot. (Why on earth don't you smoke ?) Aud some brandy pawnee. Now make yourself comfor table and I'll tell you the yaro, ouch as it is.' It was twenty years ago, when for tunes were being made and lost in tea, and instead of being the steady industry which it now fait was a mad specnlatlon. Many an estate was bought for a trifle, rudely cleared, planted after a fashion with scraggy tea bashes of any variety, aud then sold for a fabulous sum to a company, the unfortunate shareholders of which awoke one flue morning to find themselves as thoroughly 'sold' as the estate. I was then stationed in Calcutta, and a brother in England telegraphed asking, my advice as to whether he should pur chase an estate in Upper Assam, which he had been offered at a sum which cer tainly seemed a decided bargain. It so happened that I had three months' privilege leave just then, and thought that a tour with a rifle in that paradise of big game, Assam, would be a congenial way of spending it, and would enable me to give a satisfactory answer to my brother's telegram. In those dayB a journey up the Brah mapootra was a very different thing from what it is in these. You came round: from Calcutta by the Sunderbunds, and the journey wbich you can now perforin iu a week, then occupied a month or six weeks, aud might be protracted to ah indefinite length, should the steamer happen to go aground. The food and drink for the passengers were provided by the captain, who made a handsome profit by his catering, and it was freely said that when there was a large number of passengers on board, the vessel was always sure to run . on to a convenient sandbank, from which the utmost efforts (sic) of the captain and his crew would prove insufficient to move her for a week or fortnight. Then, as now, we had strange charac ters on board. Hie shaggy Pathan scowling at you from under his bent brows, and turning aside lest the shadow of the loathed Feringheeshouldfoll onhim or his belongings ; the fierce Sikh tower-: ing above Ins fellow passengers; the fiery, little Ghoorka, best of soldiers, with his gaudy waist-sash and terrible knife ; the' criugiug Bengalee, whose friendship is. worse than his enmity ; the gentlemanly. Rohilfa whoBe chivalry, and devotion could not save his countiy from thebmtal, monster of Onde, aided, to onr -eternal Bhame be it spoken, by British soldiers ; the mild-eyed Assamese, skilled in deceit; 1 the hardy Bhotan, keen in trade ; the1! venerable Fnnjaubee, with Ids scariA, turban. Here a merchant whose love of gold is about to carry him into the' dreaded Mishmee-land,from. which so few' return, and there a Brahmin, felling his rosary from dawn till dart - .... We stopped one night . at Gauhati, where I visited the famoos . temple fa which a thousand virginB are said tn minister at the shrine of the idol; , the next night we anchored fa tins spot. Before the vessel came .to. a stop, I bad thrown myself into along chair jin a. quiet corner, aud lay .for some' tifi&! listening to the droning chaht cf j the leadsmen as they cried (TeroV?hanm mille nil' . i It must have beenthistirearyeiyithat seut me to. sleep, and whthI awitke the night was.&r; advanced.'"'; r'- Three men were standing runic me Con vening fa low topei' i&i;&jjjgfi; breeze which prevented mefHMnecQg- filring their vokSfa" hut! siw'yhlSr outlines that they vrere::»8tivK£lw3 wondering what they conld be dning there; I remained perfectly quiet. Suddenly one of them drew a pace, behind the centre one, and before I realised what was about to take place, a long knife flashed through the air, aud was buried to the hilt in the back of the central figure. The knife was not withdrawn, t but each of the others, without a word, in stantly seized the murdered mac, and before I could rise from my chair, he was whirled away fa the rushing current, food for the crocodiles and the kites. You know how awkward it is to rise suddenly from a long chair, and fa at- tempting to do so, I slipped on the damp deck and fell. I was npon my knees when the .two murderers seized me, and "then began a struggle for life or death. I did not waste my breath at first in calling for help, for I concluded that the wind would prevent me from being hearfl, and indeed £ had no doubt abont being able to overcome my assailants when I found that they had no weapons. But I soon discovered that they were of a race of winch I had no experience. I had been accustomed to the effeminate Bengalees, but these men put forth great strength; and slowly bat sarely began to force me towards the low bulwark, my object being, of course, to keep as near the centre of the' deck as possible ; aud as I knew that they must be aDnrehensive of discoverv everv mo- ment the struggle went on, I endeavoured to protract it as much as possible. I succeeded1 in struggling to my feet, and so we tagged to and fro, sometimes one gaining a momentary advantage, and sometimes another, bat I was "ever get ting nearer that awful bulwark, and be low ran the merciless river. But 'the process was too slow for my native friends, and I now began to shout fa' a feeble way whenever I conld free my throat from the hands -which grasped it. A rapid conversation ..took .place be tween them fa a dialect with which I was not acquainted, but of which I caught one word 'chtiri '-—(knife), and this was followed by one twining his arms around me, while the other hurried away, evi dently for a weapon. The man left with me confined himBelf to holding me simply, and after a vain attempt, I saw that I could not disen gage myself before the other rascal would return. So the fierce thought flashed through my mind that I would sot die alone. With a desperate rush, I dashed my opponent against the bulwark, and over we went together. As we went ova:, I had a confused idea of lights aud shouts and harrying men, then I felt the water clone above me. When I rose to the surface I was alone, and strove to strike out, but the current seemed to seize me by the legs aud pull me under. When one suddenly mounts the crest of a hill overlooking a great battle, he sees at one glance every feature of the deadly straggle. In an instant's time the sudden shock seems to nhotograph upon his mind every detail of the varihd field, at least I have always found it so, and as I sank that dark midnight in that boiling, seething, whirling mass of black ened water, my life flashed before me jas a man sees a battle field from a hill. Not my bad actions, which some say come to haunt a drowning man, but my life in all its entirety. The quiet woods fa which I wandered as a child, the laburnum tree upon which I used to swing, the hat I built of boughs, and imagined to be a fortified castle ; my sisters, brothers, schoolmates, and another Bweet image dearer than all, flashed through iny memory, and then oh horror ! the wave of- thought swept op, and I saw a reedy cove on Brahmapootra's shore, and Jin it floated a hideous thing, a braised and swollen airpoe— my own — and the vultures flapped their lazy wings, and did feeble battle with the jackals, who sought to drag It -to the shore.- Then all Was dark for a little time,- and again I was above water for a moment, battling in a final : straggle against fate. Have yon :ever seen a wretched gambler when bis last stake' is on the board; and he picks np the cards and . sees at a glance that he must, lose? Have . you . .marked the gesture of calm despair with which : he throwB. them, down? With some such gesture I threw np my hands that night and sank, and as I passed into the dark bosom of the rnshfag "rivet, the last thought I was conscious ofjetrange to say, waa a comical speculation as' to how my death would affect a rather eccentric acquaintance. Then, oblivion — After what seems, .even now, to have been a century; -Tbecame conscious of a faint Ugifaandawoke to .find myself fa the strangest l>Oat, And rowed by the etrangoat . boatman : . fancy could paint. Surely a -boat nfuo %arthly-"make, and a boatinan 'of fro hhhrinfobnldL' ; The bortWasdoug-.andhollowed from h cilnVfla Irirv ' . ' Wltai'tT aitf mn lumds I touched (fae w&fmimielthm; side. A few ' thwarts' wetelet into the crazy craft to fceep her sides extended, and the afterpart :V':foridbhel'-fatb a «KKm- shaped "prrqOctioif srpoffwMdrhma the oarsman.; A thi-'bUiean the boat before him; a«Opg jlijjht on his awpspme for a sCOrf of ydlow stoff twisted -around his loins, with long matted gray hair, falling rivpr hiSBHy- onldjiyCllow- tshjwrin|ded jjlpA j hanpngiobselyr on a Lgannt framework of bones,' which ft »Vered wifhbnt rohcealingpi erofag eyes con- yeypj the impression <&a; ;$rild animal glaring atxno ont oft la cave; 'alLthis, UtonfacoifaratiOniiextraOEdlnaty pjlfition, most Jterablefigtrre Iluoyerivendreamt of He .handled a long, bb£kpafagle-bladed jptddleaafh -greftiQdxierity, and gazed- istrtight before 4um as if he were well accustpmed fopassengers.like me. tereffCdbjm&n;'tSe'iBfolamstion :|ff;IfolecieTe.3weddif£igaestu'" As is -the ribbed sea Sand '; HiAmtiOn of despair lide- termined Urn, and said iri'a apfainn yMioweprfl.aavered.'.a . 'iQid.prafiameof all. that fis ipod, jivyiiii Not a muBcle moved in that shrivelled face, not a word did he reply. Then it struck me that it would be useless' to expect Charon . to understand English. As well might one hope to converse with the ghost of Pharoah in the new universal language — ' Yolapuk.' Of coarse he would only understand Greek and Latin, aud probably a little Chaldean and Sanscrit. Now at school I had always despised these languages, holding that they were of little or no practical use, and in this opinion I had been encouraged by my guardian — old ancle Barker — but then how conld either he or I have foreseen that I should one day hob-nob with Charon ? I knew two words of Latin, however, which I thought might be apropos, and these I determined to ose ; so I pnt on a8:hweet sn expression as I was capable of, and in au insinuatingly bland tone, said ' Charon, Pax vobiscum V Even this failed to move him. Then I remembered that I bad often heard colour-Sergeant Cassidy of 'oars' say: 'Shore an' the rale ould Irish language is the very oddest in the world an' wasn't it spoken in the garden of Eden faix, an' does it stand to rayson that the sarpint could timpt Eve wid it, if it wasn't a rale coaxfa tongue entirely ?' I thought I would try this Archaic tongua I was not qdte sure that I understood it. I was not even certain that Mr. Cassidv understood it. I rather inclined to the belief that he did not, but I braced myself up and delivered the fol lowing speech with great emphasis and mnch gesticulation : — ' Charon, ma bouchal 1 Tare an' age re ! Tundher an' turf ! Coshla ma- wee ! Cruiakeen lawn ! Bedad faix ! Nabocklish ! Charon smiled! That stopped me! I resolved to remain silent lest he should smile again. Shouts were now heard. ' These,' I thought, ' are the gruesome shades who have come to welcome ma' Our boat touched the shore, Charon stepped forward, his bony hand rested on my shoulder, his horrid face was thrast close to mine, and in my ear he hissed the single word, 1 Backsheesh? Need I tell yon that Charon was a poor fisherman who picked me up, and that the shouts came from a boat's crew who came to look for me ? ' But Major, you have not told me how yon lost your finger.' Oh, yes; the mate of the steamer who headed the boat's crew, told me that a native with a Urge knife in his hand, had wakened him up, and told him that another native was killing a Sahib on deck, and that they had both ran on deck jast in time to see us go over. Oa comparing notes, we concluded that this man who gave the alarm was my other assailant, and it was arranged that I should suddenly confront him. The mate went on board (the Lascars being ordered to remain in the boat) and pnblicly reported that he had been on- successful in his search. All the passen- gers were called into the saloon and questioned. The man who gave the alarm said he had walked on deck and had seen a native and a Sihib struggling, he ran for his knife to defend the Sahib, and awoke the mate. At this moment I walked forward with dripping clothes aod hair, and ex tended my hand towards the witness. He uttered s cry and started back, but recovering himself in a moment; snatched from the. folds of his garment one of those terrible, heavy, keen weapons, half knife, half billhook, which Ghookas always carry, cleft to the chin a Lascar who attempted to seize him, aud rushed for the door. I instinctively pnt out my hands to stay him ; he cut at me, and the point of his weapon catching my little finger, cut it clean off He had barely reached the door when a bullet from the Captain's revolver stopped mm, ana ne was as once secured. JNext day hie died of his wound, and before he did so, confessed that he and the man who was drowned, and whose name was Abdul Hazar, had planned the murder of their other partner, whose name I now forget ; that when he want to fetch hU knife it suddenly struck him that he would rouse the mate, and then rushing on deck, kill Abdul, as if in my defence, and, if possible, take advantage of the confusion and darkness to hustle me overboard; at all events he calculated npon diverting suspicion from himself. I sought out 'Charon' afterwards and made him rich beyond his wildest dreams of avarice, with a present of five hundred rupees. I wanted to give him a new boat, but he would not hear of parting from his old friend. I have since heard that he lived for several years sfterward%and need to spend hours on the river every dark night, -looking for another drowning Sahib. 