,'PUBLISHED DAILY) Echuca, TUESDAY, May 15, 1888. Sudden Death at Kanyapella. - The police last night received information of the sudden demise of a young child, son of a farmer named Crockett, residing at Kanya- pella. As the child had not been seen by a doctor, a magisterial inquiry is to be held. Hospital Baix.—A meeting of the Hos pital tfall Committee «aa held last evening in he Mayor's Room, Town Hall, when there were present—Messrs O'Bryan (chairman), Martin, Lamb, and Dr Eakina. The com mittee decided that the annual ball should be held on 13th June, instead of the 21st, and that the price of tickets be 21b, whioh admits one gentleman and two ladies. Mr Martin and the seoretary were appointed a printing committee, and Messrs Martin, Mot- phot and Dr Eakins were appointed refreshment oom mittee. A number of gentlemen were ap pointed stewards, and the committee then ad journed, Fibe at Echooa. East.—Another fire occurred yesterday .shortly after 1 o'clook at Echuca East, when the furniture and inside of a four roomed wooden cottage owned and ocoupied by Mr Jas, Hoed was considerably damaged, Mrs Beed was at the time of the outbreak cleaning some ohaira in tho yard, It is supposed the fire was caused through a spark from a fire in one of the front rooms falling on some light material. Before tho brigade reached the house two men who resided near extinguished the fire with a oouple of buckets of water. Tho furniture and building was insured in the Alliance office for £100 eaoh. The Boom and Echuca Railway Leaqce.—We understand that a meeting of the executive committee of the above i* to be held In tho Town Hall on Wednes day next at 8 p.m., for the purpose of ap pointing a secretory, and the transaction of other important business connected with the league. Bund Asyium Concert.—Aa will b# seen by advertisement, the musical mem bers . of the Blind Asylum, have decided to give one of their concerts in the Tomper anco Hull, on Saturday, 26th inst. As they are".known to be excellent performers, and as the cause 1s so good, wo have no doubt there will bo a large attendance. an Amosing Incident.—Whenever a fire occurs in Echuca, and unfortunately this is not infrequently, a horse is harnessed to the | firo engine to drag it to the scene of the i fire. Yesterday a horso was harnesBed to the engine, to whioh was attached the hose reel, bub when near the police station at Echuca Bast tho hor«e refused to proceed further, and tho firemen had to dismount and drag tho reel to the fire. It looked strango to boo tho firo engine standing in the middlo of tho roadway sevoral blocks distant from the firo, and all through a refractory horse for whioh the borough will have to pay £1 for hire. , | Ohemt Ohotoh Conoems.—It vill bo Been by advertisement that a concort will I be held on next Monday the 21st; inat in 1 tho Town Hall, to raise fands for the ' removal of the gallery and organ in Ohrlat I Ohnroh. It has been deemed advibable by the gaardianB to take down the gallery r from where it at proaont stands, and remove It to the wwtorn end of the church and place the organ there so that more room may bs had for the oholr, who are at the prossnt time muoh cramped for space. As lb is not desired to encroach upon the ordinary revenue of the church, two conoerts are being organised to raise the necessary amount to defray the coat. Tho best musical talent in Eohuoa has been secured, and both conoerts promise'to^be from a musical point of view at any rate, a complete success. We trust the ohuroh members will appreciate and second the efforts of the guardians. The ?"beetbaijbb.—The ittempt to raise tho steamer Freetrader has been abandoned, owing to the rising river having interfered with the work, ana the steamer Iovinoibls I having to make a voyage. 1 •AafliouiTDBAi—The rains which have been ] falling this laat week, over a considerable j portion of tho colony, have acted like a magio wand over the face of tho fields and pastures. Everywhere the bright tint of green is rapidly taking the place of the bar ren brown hue of the sterile soil, andshonld ' the present favourable weather continue, the cultivated paddocks will soon show a rapid advauoe in the crops. Those farmers who scarified and sowed their ground will now reap the advantage, while those who have just finished ploughing have a good opportu nity of sowing their cereals for next harvest. As a proof of the geniality of the weather the mushrooms are beginning to put in an appearance in large nnmbers The Bfakbows.—Judging by the large numbers of these destructive birds to bo found in every garden and every bush in the neighborhoods. The outlook for orchardists in the coming season is notvery bright. With the protection given them by-the Borough Council, the birds are increasing in numbers to such an extent that there is every probabi lity of very little fruit being left on the trees next harvest. Even row they are beginning to attack the sucoulent buds on the oherry and plum trees. It is to be hoped some means will be adoped to exterpate them, or permission given those having guns to shoot them, as the birds are too many to be en trapped with poisoned wheat, or frightened by bogus hawks. A Ghost Abboad.—Some masculine mem ber of the human family, with more assur ance than good senBe, has lately been dis turbing the residents of Ascot Yale and Moonee Ponds, by playing the " ghost." This brainless idiot Is credited by the Mel bourne Herald with being a " masher." as he " spoons" on the ladies. This means to say that the cowardly fellow confines his I attempts to frightening ladies and young | girls, A vigilance committee has been | formed to " lay the ghost," and it Ib to be trusted for the benefit of that individual, that the operation will be thoroughly carried out Chicken Cholera.—Mr Pearson, Govern, ment Agricultural Ohemist, reports that ohioken cholera is prevalent in the colony. The disease is Incurable but may be partially stamped out. Isolation of infected fowls, periodical disfecting of yards and fowlhouses with quicklime and carbolic aoid is advooted. Inoculatiou by sprinkling food with attenu ated virua also recommended. 