WHAT IS DONE FOR SAILORS IN BRITAIN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE 11IIISI1AS-E councils. Sir,-Referring to a letter in to-day's issue signed by " A Sailor's Friend," advocating the erection of a Home for sailors in Brisbane, I venture to trouble you with a few remarks which may be of interest to your readers, with a view to show what place seamen hold in the estimation of other communities, and what steps are taken to add to their comforts and bring some cheer to their monotonous lives. It is well known that in nearly all large cities there are Homes for Sailors, where they are comfortably housed during their stay ashore, and where they are looked after morally and spiritually by zealous missionaries ; but apart from all this, a special movement is now in full swing in London, which reaches Jack afloat, and ministers to him in the very hour of his need on the high seas. This particular movement is called the Mission to Deep-sea Father men, and charged itself with caring for the many thousands of cracksmen who travel in the North Sea. These fishermen live in smacks which leave the eastern ports of England for the North Sea and remain away from land six weeks at a time. The smacks congregate in fleets, each under the control of an admiral, who directs the time of lowering and raising the trawler, guides the fleet to the best fishing grounds, and in other ways exercises the authority vested in him os elected leader and oldest and most experienced trawler. The produce of the fleet is carried by steamers each morning to Billingsgate market, and it may be well understood that Jack suffers many dangers and trials, not only through being exposed in all weathers to the pitiless inhospitality of the North Sea, not only in facing whatever tempests he may encounter without the ghost of a chance of securing a haven, but also through the extremely arduous transit which must be daily performed from smack to learn carrier in order that the season, may reach the market. Only a few years ago there was no effort made at all to alleviate the sufferings or to improve the condition of these men. There they tossed about in mud ocean, a magnificent body of seamen, many of them enrolled in the Naval Reserve, suffering from broken arms and legs, contusions, bruises, sprains, sea blisters, sores, and favors, without any further building than could be afforded by kindly yot rough sea mates. No hospital near, the cripple must endure excruciating agony while slung on to the steamer and carried to London, or he must endure long hours of torment while his own and returned to port ; so deformities, permanent injuries, cruel and hard deaths, poverty through being thrown out of employment, were only too common. In addition copers or grog ships sailing from Holland retailing villainous grog kept each fleet company, and by their poison increased the discomfort of the men and swelled the list of casualties Now, however, all that is altered The mission, admirably organised and powerfully worked, supplies the men with bodily comforts in the shape of warm woollen helmets, jackets, and the late which are worked for them by ladies of England, it Biipphes mission ships which are also hospital ships, for they carry not only a missionary to hold holy services, and cheer the men at Boa-and the gallon of each mission ship is specially fitted for holding meetings but also a qualified surgeon from one of the London hospitals, who has charge of the dispensary and of the hospital bunks, which are provided to the number of an or more Thus the Biifloioi no longer has to wait for treatment, he is transferred at once to the doctor's care, and his hardy constitution, aided by skilled treatment and comfortable surroundings, soon puts him on his legs again But more, empowered by special Act of Parliament, each mission smack sells tobacco duty free, which means that the roper's occupation is gone, that the seaman is no longer tempted to drink, that drunkenness has well nigh disappeared, and the improved moral status of the men is so marked that the cause has received loyal recognition The mission intends to care fontsmonaahore as well as afloat, and will, as funds permit, provide homes in the various ports, thus performing a work of which the whole country is proud nay more, a work of national importance, because, by caring for those men who form a part of the national defence, the best possible means is being taken to tender that defence secure. Perchance my letter is hardly relevant to the subject of the " Sailors' Home," yet, at any rate, it is pertinent to the nation -I am, in, No , T. C M. 22nd May. 