EVENING BITTING. me assembly resumed at i.iu p.m., iae moderator taking the chair, and there was a largo attendance. Tho commission of Mr. J. Archibald to represent tho presbytery of Ten- trfipld win ap-reed to. A committee was appointed from each presbytery for the parpoie of examining records. Mr. Jas. Little was appointed auditor for the ensuing year. church extension. Rev. Dr. Cameron read the report of the Chnrch Extension Committee for the year 1837, which stated infer atta that when regard wa had , to tho heavy deficit with which they started, to the depression which still continued and to olhor outward circumstances militating against the financial prosperity of the commit tee, thoy might, feel grateful for the results which had been attained. During tho year 10 additional laborors had been -received from various sources. Six vacancies had arisen and tbero had been 18 inductions. The financial statement showed a slight improvement, the de bit balance on December 81, 1SS7, being £2841 2s. Ild. With the view of guarding the generosity of tho committee against abuse aud of impuslng a check on congregations from leaning unduly upon the aid extended to thein an amended code ot regulations had been submitted and adopted a an interim act. Nothing had been expended during the year npon the importation of ministers. Several new spheres bad been opened, but still there wero numbers of places waiting for occupancy. In the matter of church and manse building a great deal had been done. Tho general agent, the Rev. J. Miller Ross, had rendered valuable assistance In Rivcrina; and had visited various parts of the colony on custeDtation fund and church extension business. The committee adverted to the fact tbat they had now entered on the second century of thoir existence as a colony and earnestly hoped that they might realise their responsibility and faithfully accomplish tbo work given them to do. In commenting on the report Dr. Cameron alluded to tho excess of the outlay over tbe Income, and stated that after deliberation thoy had decided to stand by the present system, styled the heroic system. He regretted that tho collections for the fund had not been larger and that in somo places they had not been held as prescribed by law. With regard to the supply of minlstoM, they would need lo men to meet their requirement, and the question was where wero thoy to come from. dr. marshall lang. Dr. Cameron, in Introducing to tbo meeting Dr. Marshall Lang, said that most of them knew him well by name and by fame as a dis tinguished member of the Church of Scotlaud, and as a man who had won for himself renown by the books which had proceeded from hi pen and by his many pulpit and platform utterances. He was well known as the popular minister of the Baromy Chnrch as successor to tbo late Dr. Norman Macleod, and as one of Her Majesty's chaplains. He was a man of nn eminently evangelical spirit, who had worked bard for the masses in tne great city in which he labored and also wa noted as a strong advocate for alliance. A moderator of the Federal Asscmblv he had great pleasure in welcoming Dr. Lang, and hoped that the union between tbe mother chnrch and the colonies might long continue. The Rev. Dr. Marshall Lang, who was enthusiastically received, said that when nomo time ago he received an Invitation signed by men of high repute in tho colony and the Pres byterian Chnrch of New South Wales, he felt that he had not only received a mere invi tation but had been honored with a command. To visit Sydney, ee its renowned harbor and survey its glories was a duty but to him it had aUo been a pleasure and this invitation added an impetus to the duty and an additional zest to the pleasure. He would ever regard that day as a red-letter one in his poor history, and if asked on his retnrn home to describe what he thonghtaff their harbor and its surroundings, he conid only nse the word of Dominie Samp son and say "prodigious." After thanking them for their kindly and hearty welcome and for the flattering manner in which his name had been mentioned, the reverend gentleman remarked that this generosity would be to him an earnest incitement to actioo. It had been complained that thev in England, Ireland and Scotland did not sufficiently know or under stand or apDreciate tbe men of this island con tinent, but' they were getting to. know them better every year— getting better to be ac quainted with' their nameB, manners and ways of thinking — and when any of them went to Scotland they ceuld be assured of a genuine welcome— perhaps not ao warm as was shown in their own sunny clime, but still a hearty wel- como from boneRt, loyal Bcotchmeu. Their relations to the old country had passed through three stages. There was, first, the stage of dependence and. subordination; secondly, that of dependence without subordination ; and thirdly that of neither the one nor the other. Of the first of these eras he personally bad no iccollection. To bim it was a pre historic era. Of tbe second ho had a dim recollection, It being associated to him with a name— a dirum et vtnirabife nomm — that of John Dtramore Lang. (Loud applauso.) People bad come to him and asked whether be was any relation of - this great man, and he could imagine that the shade of the departed would arise at such a thought, and, like the Edinburgh professor, when asked a similar question abont a youthful minister of the same name, say " God forbid." He could not claim any relation ship to that truly great man, whose speeches in Sc»t)and he confd well remember ; as also he remembered how Dr. I.ang hod borne off troops of stalwart men to that distant shore. Ho was happv that night to salute a daughter who had done virtuously and so nobly set np tbe stan dard of Presbyterianlsm in thi new land.' It was well that tbo cbnrch in New South Wales did not cling to the lines of separation which were still marked lo the old country. A short time ago he had traversed the great Yictorian dividing range, which be believed wm tbe watershed of the two colonies of Yictona and New Bouth ' Wales. Well, Scotch Prssbvterianism waa their divid ing range, and he hoped that ' pare stream would flow therefrom to the ocean of religions life, free from tbe yellow mud of sectarianism and jealousy. They might wish to know something of the great dividing range he represented, and they wonld be glad toJearn that tbs old kirk 10,000 miles away was stroog and vigorous. Daring tbe past few. years her Earisbe bod increased from 1000 to 1400. .They ad been relieved from tho incabas of lay patronage, and out of a -population of four millions they bad 000,000 communicants. Hs would not speak of other branches of the; church further than to . say. with a measure of emphasis, that they, blsssed and were blessed of God. It might seem that dreary sqm intervened between these churches and tbe one he eerved, and. thsy did eeeat dreary to these who ganged them by ecclesias tical rule, but there were fieete covering the seas in the form of social -agencies and gospel work, and "thdse engaged in this navigation found the distance small and narrow, uhv should -there "U<Jt be au incorporated union ? This was a kittlo question, and the bct thing for him to do was to look, it boldly iu iho face and pass on." (Applanso.) Tho Lord reignou and in His own good time Ho would bring about the fulfilment of Hi own prayer, "That tlray all shall be one." Bat he was not there to speak of Scotland Hut on behalf of Scotland, and to renitsu tbelr touch with their corotnen rrcsbyterianiem —a touch in that high fellowship with which Freabyttrianisra was iu touch with all Chnateu- d«ra — for all Chriiteadoin wa oae. They might differ in the sue or form of lbs loaves to be (littrihuicd or ia the vesimcal and ordi- naacss to be worn aad observed in those who gave out the loaves, but More was euly oao Bread ef Life aad woo to thesa if vboy limited or obstructed tha word of CbrUt, who cein manned thptu to give ihe world this Bread to eat. (Applause.) Us drired i look tt what altitude m the present eonditions of intellectual and social life tho Rresbytoruu or the Bhru. turn Chnrch shoald take. The speaker here saa.'ed u hiph eulogium on tho statesmanlike, jndlclous aud Christian utterances which had fallen from the lips, of the moderator on tha previous evening. The public thought of the day was very trcsb, very free asd maaifold, aud in seeking lo burst the bonds of tradition it was very earnest. It was at times irre verent, but it often displayed a real, earnest search after truth. How was tho church to meet this ever-rmlei, over reaching current of thought ? Thoy must not, dare not, obscure tho supernatural, thu Church of Christ being built upon the foundation of tbo apostles and prophets, Christ Himself being the chief cornorstouo. During oue «f his last interviews with tho lata Br. Norman M'Leod tbat revered man had said to bins, " I have often been charged with latitudi- narianUm, but some of you young fellows aro going whero I nevor coald follow. The moment you touch the eaperaatural — the incar nation and th« death of Christ and tho indwel ling of tho Holy Ghost— that moment you givo tho ark to tbo Philistines." But tho super natural was not against tho contra-natural. Ho took it that the singular popularity which crowned the work of Professor Druainjond waa an evidence of the longing to realise the uaitr of God In ail words natural aud spiritual. . They had received a deposit of truth, and for that they wero ro3poniihlo lo God, and they must guard that as dearer to them than life itself. Their moderator had spoken truly when be said that thoir theology was not mero book theology, but ihe expression of tbs diriuo life in man. They must not unduly fitter faith and conscience, but believing that wherever the Spirit of God wrs there was liberty they roust sluice the claim and seek to impart a knowledge of llim in whom was hid all lb treasures of wisdom and knowledge. And so wjth regard to 'social life. Surely the Christian Church could .not but realise their vast and solemn responsibility. It occurred to him tbat somo of the socialisms with which their atmo- sphero was charged were duo to the church's Inaction— whether they were not nnworldly when they should be worldly and worldly when they should bo unworldly. They wero Un worldly when thoy presented doctrine too much as an abstract thing and uot bringing it into touch with tbe nsccsbitios and struggle of every-day life. Contrarywise they wero some- tiroes worldly when they should be un worldly, buving aout thctn a hind of sinailneis and meanness of aim. Turning from tbe great street, with its mass of humanity, to the presbytery he had often ceased to wonder that men doubted whether or no there was a God in heaven or whether Christ had indeed risen from the dead, when he had to listen to dry discussions on a mere pin point, when thousands %vore longing for tho Bread of Life. (Applanse.) They should realise iu the Christian Church a philanthropy which had a high environment, a deeper motive power and the faculty of persuading men. Coming to them as a church, ho desired to re mind them of three things— men needed to wor ship. they needed instruction and they needed Bheplaerding. These three things were what thoy were particularly charged with. Ho hud not seen much of New Bouth Wale, but he sup posed that the condition of affairs was much tho uamc.iu New South Wales as in Victoria, and he had been in a position to estimate in somo measure the forces in which they wero in alliance and those auainat which thopr mnat work. Thoy had tho Mime old, old enemies that were to bo found in the old land— tho world, the fleih and tho devil. They had to combat with Intemperance and sloth, which hindered tho. well-being of the peoplo. They had a secularist feeling more clearly defined than it .was in tho . old country— a laxity of thought aud conscience and a disregard ®f the ordinances of tbe Christian Church. With great amiahiiity in the community, there was a lack of serious conviction and of tbat grip of divine things which used to be characteristic of the old Scottish lUe. (Applause.) Against these tbey had to fight. AJtcr alluding to tho parienco and labor shown by their ministers in tho country districts, Dr. Lang went on to Gtty that ho ministered to a congregation of note nnd came daily into contact with the modes and currents thought in hi city and congregation, . and although there was much to make him anxious tonre was much that was hopeful. It was the same in tbe lifo of New South Wales. They were serving a good master. He had becu CO yours in the ministry, and every year he was tho more impressed with the fact of how good und kind, how patient ami faithful, that Muster was. Let them seek to bo good and faithful to Him — faithful over the few things until He should make, them mzwtor over many things. There was much to disqourage, much to mourn over, but, with John Wesley on his dying bed, they ccuid say: "The bestef all i God is with us." On a scrap of paper the late Samuel Morley had loft writ- tan these word, "The keystone of tho nation is tbo hearlhsleae," and if they made their homes pure and sweet und Christian, if they all showed robust action aud faith in God, tbey would have nothing to fear. They had welcomed him that day aa a friend and companion, and often vthen ho went home again from the Scottish shore, and iu the crowded streets of Glasgow, would the prayer ascend, " May peace be within her wall and prosperity within her palaces." (Loud ap plause). On the motion of Rev. Dr. Steel, seconded by Rev. IV. Bain, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Dr. Marshall Lang for his able and eloquent address.-. delegated from victoria. Rev. William Ross, moderator of tho Pres byterian Church of Victoria, and Rev. J. G. P'aton were then introduced as delegates from the Victorian Assembly, and each, after being welcomed, briefly addressed tbe meeting. A letter of apology' for inability to attend was read from Rev. J. K. M'Millan, of Yictoria. 