VARIETIES. llaiiffcrH »>' tlie Deep. A derelict isanythingthat has been foisaken or abandoned, and, as applied (o the sea, it is a vessel that has been abandoned by her crew, and lefl Moating on the occnn. Dei-dials are much more plentiful than a casual observer would imagine. Besides vesselssunknear the cua-l in sufficiently shallow water to make their protruding masts danger ou-> to passing ships, there were, on an average, seventeen lloaling derelicts in the North Atlantic reported to the Hydrograpliic office Tor each month of the year 1H8G. A larger number of them was sighted in the late fall, winter and early spriug than during the other seasons of the year, no doubt because there were then more dangerous storms on the ocean. Some of these derelicts drift around, month after month, at the will of the wind and current and arc reported time after time by nassini- vessels. The most interesting wreck that has been reported for some years is doubtless that of the derelict schooner Twenty one friends. She was abandoned on March 1!4, 1885, about one hundred and seventy miles east of Cape Henry. Being lumber-laden, she continued to float. Her masts were carried away close to the deck, so that there was tut little surface exposed to the wind, and her progress was almost entirely due to the current of the Gulf Stream. Her track across the Atlantic was directly in the route of the European steamers, by whom she was sighted many times, and whose captains doubtless grew to regard her as worse than twenty-oue enemies! The last report received placed her about K'venty miles ll rth of Cape Orteg.il, Spain, on December 4, 1885. She was j.robably lowed into some port by the Bay of Biscay fisherman, who must lmve regarded her as a rich lind. During her l:,ng cruise, she covered some three thuusand three hundred miles, which made an average of about four hundred and tw?uty-iivc miles of progress each month. The barkyiowtotid Hill was abandoned on February 27 th, and last reported on November 12, 1K8G; tho derelict schooner Ida Fram* zigzagged between Bermuda and tbc east coast of Florida for nine months; thescbroner LU in S. Mckvn was wrecked on February 27th, abuut one hundred aud fifty miles east of Cape Hatten.*, and was last reported on October 3, 1880, about two hundred and fifty miles south of Cape Race, Newfoundland. Each of these vessels w.is lumber-laden; each has drifted hundreds of miles and reported many times, and one or all may be sighted again. A number of similar cases could be given where derelicts have been reported month after month in tho highway of com* Fogs and are encountered only at a fiarlitular period of (lie year, and within ceilain iniils of the ocean, but derelicts are liable to be met anywhere and at any time. A f-liip striking one of thes; watcr-lopged wrecks would be apt to sustain about as much damage as ir she ran upon a rock. An in hospitable coast is known at night by its lights, the presence of icebergs by the chill ol the water in their vicinity; but during darkness or Togs there is nothing to indicate the presence of a derelict. Sometimes, when it is found necessaiy to abandon a vessel, lier captain is thoughtful enough to set her on lire. Sometimes, if the sea be smooth and the weather favorable, a captain, on meeting one of thcfc derelicts, will lower a boat aud send some of his crew to fire her, but this is also a rare occurrence. Reports are occasionally received of ships being injured by striking wrecks, and no doubt some of those thai have left port, and never bean beard from afterward, have been lost in just ibis way. During the year 1886, one of the smaller steamers of Use navy did good service by blowing up sunken wrecks on the Eastern coast. It would be a harder undertaking to destroy derelicts in the middle of the Atlantic, but in a recent annual report, Commander BartleU lias recommended that the government take the initiative toward bringing about an international agreement for an efficient ocean police. Perhaps the most novel dcrellct on record was that of the great raft which it was at tempted to row round from the Canadian coast to New York some months ago. The Attempt failed, the (owing steamer broke away from the raft, and the great mass of logs was left to lloat about directly in the path of vessels coming into New lork. Fortunately, the raft was speedily broken up, and the logs wcic scattered, and no oerious casualty is known to have occurred from col* lisions with them. A word on the subject of buoys which have gone adrift may noi be amiss. While most buoys are small and insignificant, a few are large and heavy, and might do considerable damage to a ship if ntn into at full speed. There is a small number of lighted, whistling buoys at important points on our const. These arc of mammoth size, and act as beacons, and at llie same time, they give warning by the noise they make. The whistle is automatic, and is sounded twenty or thiity times a minute by the action of the sea. There is a chamber into which gas is forced, and it is lighted by means of a jeiis.lantern ut the top of the buoy. Of course the gas must be re plenished at regular intervals. One of these enormous buoys was driven from its moorings off Gape Hatteras, in December, 188.3, and, after taking an involun tary journey of about twelve hundred miles, it was, on the twenty-fifth of the following May, capturcd and towed into Bermuda by an Knglislrsteamer. It was in good condition: but evidences of its long trip were found in the large barnacles adhering to it. When it started on thin cruise the gas wag S30» exhausted, causing the light to become extinguished, but doubtless the whistle con-' tinued to pipe lustily with every rise and fall nfthc sea. Imagine tlie dismay of some superstitious mariner, whoso ears thould be greeted by a h.ilf-duzcn violent whoops in the small hours of the night, when he comfortably believod that no object was within miles of the ship. JAt utciHwf E. II, Underwood, V. 6'. "V". A recent biography tells a good story of Henry the Fourth of Franco. A certain M. doltt VtiuviHe, in fhoeerrioe of the Due da Neveri*, constantly importuned liU chief for Homo order iii iccognition of hia Ht»rvicca, and finally, «4 I) Nevera*B rcquefif, thokinfr con ferred on Viim tho blue ribbon of the Order of the Holy Ghost. When Da la Vieuvilln, ah Uie coremouy of invent ituro required, said: 4 Domine, non Hum dignus (Sire, I am not worthy)' Henry pleasantly replied, * I know that very well; and it is only to pleaHe my good cousin Do Nevcrs that I give it you.' Quce 1 Dau' Smart, a noted Western ban* dit, with tno confederates, bought nil tire playing-enrdrt io El Para at GoIdbergV eta- : (ionery etore, paying for them seventy-five j dollars, and when questioned what thoy intendod doing with them, said ihoy vere going up to the mines and expected to do a great business, but if thoy failed, would like the privilege to return them what thoy did not use. Goldberg con sented, and in a few days they returned with about half of thom. This same Goldberg was in tho habit of furnishing all the faro banks in town with cards and upon receiving orders from them, and having nooe on hand excepting those returned by Smart, he divided the lot between the different1 banks,' and on the same night, every * bank' in £1 Paso was 1 bmtod' by Smart and a few of his con fedorates. The last 1 bonk broke' examined their cardu and found that every oard had been * pinched.* An investigation at eaoh bank showed their cards pinohed in the Bamo manner. It waB found out next day that Smart hnd re*urood these onrds to Goldb>rg, And of course it was decided that Smart and his gang 1 pinched* them. The town was too hot for him for several days after. It WBB estimated that the winnings on that night were about one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollar*. 