[?] riiuK ouii owk .uoaiiKsrbsuKST.J Lauxcesto.v.' 'l'liosdiiy!1 Piuigli-it-biillnglt1!1 Eria-go-brugli P' as tlie' Irish friend would say it, espeei- ally if lie bad u view lit his fellow- eouiitrvmuii. G. P.'Usii.Vslinrobroker und defeuted ' ciiluiidntc ,-butii ,for, /lluiiicipnl and ihiHi'umentu'ry1 honors, who siuirted liroiuiil the exeluingo i'briier at Jjnuiiecs ton yesterday.' ' Bejabers 'twas a muiglily soiglit, it. was,, to pec Mister G. e. dresseit in '."trite oiilil Ircliiiid eosl iuiio— 'krice 'tfreeelies, "n"bran' ii'ew- pair of worsted stockings over a very brightly polished pair of shoes — but the whole wits destroyed by tlio btfll-lowwr. llic bat, was too good . for nii'Irisli farmer. Gerald ought, to, .have .sat niion it .first and then thumped , it out.1 If niore linen e- . 'aiisit t ii ,inn,.ti. would linvL iniulo an iinproveineat — - lliat is, if it would not slioek- G. JA's' feinalb' friciulsi 1 lip eos- tuniii wns nioro'snited'to u 'gnml'denr old kiiid- herirled Godforsaken old roprphiite of a tliiuidefiiig scoundrel ami " nicely-, 'mouthed tub of guts " of a I.uril Climfi-i eanio than For a daeent. honest, light- headed, iiabaluiiecd Gerald Pitz — tend Jlille I'eultlie, ..Gerald .would greatly improve' if lib straight, aivay look passiigo and made tlio nccpiuiiituneo of little ltiindy.il "Be'ilnd ..they .would bo a noiee pour (pnir). 'tliey would."; Not oven tlie ghost, of Bloody. Balfour! would haunt tlio olii eottngo.oa.llib.Tliaiiies. t How do yoii get, oyer, this? Oar eon- Iciuiioi'ui'ir.s say that .tlio rain wbirh.fell oii Saturday only amounted to 2(1 |K»iats. The total for the past tllW mouths lias only been l32iu., while I can solemnly swear that 1 ivus hit on more limn 1(K) points of the body. . \ » St. .loscph's Bund performed in tlio Town Park on Sunday nftcraooii lieforo H fair audience, and the music was ex ceedingly good, being, as usual, up to the stiuiaanf'. ' . , The niiiiiiid Harvest Home restjvat took plueo iu St. Paul's Churelt on .Sun- dav, anil tho nlteiidaiieo was very large. The Itev. All. Harkaway prcaelieil u very appropriate sermon. r ilon. 11.. J. Jtboke, -Jl.Ti'.C.. ami Mr. It. AVeedou. J.P., were elected visilnig justices to , tlio gaol . at the- meeting of General tjessioii; of Pence held jm the fjoiirf-liouso yesloniay. - Mr.- -At JJirteliKl) ps also iioiiiiiiuL'il, but was not successful, . . . nrc-miinws -fort'icir kcusoii. wliieli o|k?iis .n very ««Dy Tlio City Football .Glilbmld. I S iiivgll"# duWlerdaji'ivoiii'A'.l heilvllCollieers iero eteeu'il for the unsu ng season/ Last night the T.lt.G. Fool hall C hd) was held at the Boyal 'I)isiauii/tole|,|wlieii tliero ivas'ii lilfge altciulitiiee. Tlicro is a balance to the ereilit of the society, and Mr. lt. Carter (ex Mayor) ivns elected pt-esideal, witli'AIr. IV. I). IVcs'tou as . enplnin. ' Business nt the Police Court wns dull yesterday. Mr, Whillieid, still acting Tor 'Mr.' IP. A.jMiirriiy. wlib is', I liin'gliul tu say, inueh improved iu health. Bain 'ngaiu fell last iiiglitpeouimcnclug at 10X11) p.ni.. anil eontimicd until nearly 10 o'clock this morning. Everything1 looks fresh this morning, and.mueli good ; whiiili 'folibwiid- tliu 2lJjxiidts of tjnlurdny.. i is greatly iaorensed by the rain last night. Von seu,.I am, .nt sea over those jHiints, and will not try to rcukon up how UUitiy.poiiiU fell last, night. ;; 'l'lio Bnptist Union ot Tnsninnia held its annual meeting nt tlio T'uberiincle, ;C,iniitiere-street; to-day; , and itUwiUlbc eoiilinucdi for three .days; Dr. Benjn- field, of Hobnrt.yis to prgsidi ntin public meeting tliis evening, 'liftdr delivering the presidential address at 2.30. "Moses liiis'eoiiie,"'r'as I tobl your rendorsV before, '.nhil' lioGdoliverud bis upuuing address on' Simdiiy might nt'llie Meelianie's Tnstitete boforo a crowded luaise. .. .basi, ' night lid lectifi-eiH uu. " Shams'," and Iiit all 'uruiiad wltliVven- genned, stdriniiig more n'gnias't tlib'Tem- 'pernnue party -111111 religious chnruelcrs iiiim against tlio liotel-keepers. To- plight |liu.)lectnrcs oii. "lU'dr and itjvir- tlies" (Golly, liiussa, what a lark) and will hold 11 women's mectini; ttlso.i i Ho fnrors Mnuhood Suffmo .nnd'ttVoincn's There,. is pne > I liiilf, he is u powerful and witty speaker, and he oluil- , lunges j.ihoX'nblieau Parly lo a wordy battle, lie has the. rim: ability to con- uenlrato tho interest ot his audicncu to I lli« tlilliiiim/iiiiri/ . !, ' 1 . ' The . IC.niuiimi >; thisnpriiiiig devotes its lender to ciiutibunig'miniiig inrcstigalbrs against heing unduly excited. All the fenrsof jtho epnunauity arc jijrqused. but 'lilill oiir hopes' iii the ierineiiancy of our. mines cannot be blasted yet. .The state ment which I' nihile nitwit" the Silver Kings lias been borne out by the steadv yisq tlicy/buvo alnudy ,m(idc. litiyurs .hit-. Vaneiiig their olt'ers to LI 15. and holders showing reliielaiieOj.lo sell, and by tint; expressed opinion! of. 'one who has care-! fully watched the position of tlio shares op tin; Exchange, we expect. thc,.slau-cs,lo riso (|atekly,' The Py'riiiiids arc slualiily ndvaiieing, and arc sure to turn out good.' Silver 'Crowns mwl'qhi&kly; jrcstenlay to Xol ), but sellers declined "to part under £05. Other silver shares rose steadily, mid gold was not touched nt all. Tin was ill good demand.;, . Mr.,AV. Hart noil opens mi exciiuugo at his ' iiini't to-mor row .night, but tlio secretary of Llie Lnuiicesloii Stoelc ExeliiiYigc Will iiii- nouiicc tlnit tlie rule will ho enforced fining uny member of the Exchange £5 for tlio .. first Itinic lie nttenils nnd bnys or sulks nl a night exchange, anil lie will be expelled if be repeats tlie offence. L regret that this rule is put in force, as.it. 'prevents much1 business being trn'iisuutbd and is very inconvenient for business people who wish tu attend so as tu sou which way the iHinl is' blowing: Be sides it would he a source of timilsemonl. and a healthy way of, spending a few dtili hours. .1 hope the Exehaagu will profit by, the . rule, but I am much afraid they Will 'll'ot. -'j ; , | The Itov. '1'. AY". Diiiuic lectured lo n fair nildieaeu last night at the Oddfel lows' Hall 011 " How to rend characters." "Miss IViirsliohso's Art Exliibitidii wus well iitlonded liist liiglit, and lias become a good Htiuiiuiiil success. Ehc 1 is' still assisted by the lucid vocal talent. The war correspondent of, tlio Jiuili/ 'J'clc- tl >'u t a k i 11 , advantneu of liciLcu to show his tiwver of voice, wliieli will some day frighten tlie,enemy,.i|iid Mr.,T. ,H. .Hos- ivbrtli'k'iibclcs some plciisinit music out of iuslriiriieuf, while Air. S'eoft tears liwny at the violin. Benelit concerts are to be givuu for :fur the widowiof Alr. AY. T. Sulloll,1 imd for Air. F. Senrle,:at,uarly dates. 