Singe Gliosis: (W. J. Lawrence, in tub Qentleamn's Magazine,) A very suggestive bit of "business," basod upon an old s age artifice, was introduoed by Mr. Heary Irving in his Lyceum resial of Samlet (January 1879), Ia the first aot tho Ghost, having departed on quo side of the stago, was almost instantaneously seen to glide away at tho back of .tho soene in theopposite direction. Needless to say that Mr. T. iilead was ia this instance favoured with a stago "doublo." No other very startling innovation pre sented itsolf, but in the sceno .where Hamlet loams the seoret of his father's undoing, the impresssivo stage set- .ting of Mr. Hawos Graven gavo presence to '.lie shndo, and readily lont itself to a surprising oXir, This waB about all that could bo dono for one of the most conventional roles on tho boards. Strango to say, notwithstanding tho uovor-onding now readings of tho play, tho Ghost still mourns on in that "eliw, solomn, and uudortono of voioo," and wonds its woary way with that " noisoless trend, as if . . . . , composod of air," nliioh wo aro authoritatively told woro tho prime characteristics of Barton Booth's aoting in tho part. Tho second and last groat opooh in tho history of tho molodramitio ghost dates from February 24, 1852, whon Bouoioault's loose varsion of Les Freres Corses was produced by Glinrlos ICoan at tho Princess's. a faot not goncrally known in connection with Duuias's play, as originally brought out at tho TbiiiRro Historiquo, in Pnns, sorao fivo or six yoars previously, is that tho famous sliding trap nnd ghost me lody had no place in tho porformanco. In deed, so repugnant to tho French instinot was this trnpwork, that whon Feclitor re sumed tho duel r.ole (his original creation) in English form, at tho Frinooss's in 18G2, ho discarded it altogothor. M. Stopol's awo- inspiring " Ghost Melody " is said to havo boon nothing moro than a clover ro-arrangoment of a Movo- moot in ono of Mozart's Masses.; but the public have yot id loam "of tho inventor of tlio oontriranoo by moans of whieh an ap parition was first raudo to appear gradually upon tho stage by a lateral instead of a por- pondioular asoent. Ono would not bo vory far wrong, perhaps, in assigning it to tho insorutablo'Dion himself, who as a praotioal stage mechanist haB fow living rivals. All this, however, is a moro or loss interesting de parture from tho main issue. '' ho intrinsio valuo of T he Corsican Brothers in its opooli-making aspect lios in its pronounoed psychology. Thore oan bo littlo room for doubting that tho success of this play- its immediate infiuonco and long-oxtondod popularity — contributed vory materially to wards tho oducation of tho masses up to the pitch required for the comprehension of that terrible avalanaho of qnasi-soiontifio fiction, whoso advent wus significanlty heralded by tho appcaraooe of Hugh Conway's Called Back. So far as tho Drama is ooncornod, its infiuonco is clearly apparent. Striking tho iron at white boat, Bouoicault wroto his conglomeration of horrors callod The Vampire (Princess's Thoatro, June 1852) with a catas trophe portraying tho destruction of tho steal' by blood-suokor by tlio collapse of a toivor, after having a maue'ais quart d heure with tho appari'ions of two hapless maidons whom ho had sent to thoir acoount only a fow centuries previously. Of a surety, whon Mr. W. S. Gilbert perpetrated Buddygore, lio must liavo had in bis mind's eye a vision soono in noucicault's conooction, in whioh a fomalo oharactor roooivos warning of her im pending doom by boholding tho former viotims of tho monster in tho act of walking out of thoir portrait frames. AU this, how- over, was a moro foolish retrogression to tho iong-forgotton Alouzo and Imogene style of pioco ; the psyehologiool grip was more dirootly soon in Wilkins' posthumous drama, f eljishnets, as produood at tho Oity of London Theatre in Fobruary, 1856. In this play tho essonco of tho hero's consoienoo formod ono of the dramatis personte, and followed him nbout on tho stage as a sort of wraith or doublo. Sonio six or sovon yoars years afterwards it soomod as if tho ' ghost drama was about to tako a frosli leaso of oxistonco, oonsoquent upon the tempor ary success on tho regular boards (notably at tho Adolplii, in Juno 1863) of tlio startling optical illusions first shown to tlio publio by Profossor Popper at tho Polyteohnio, and Btill popular in tho provinocs at a sopsrato spocios of tho entertainment. Owing, howovor, to the many drawbacks incidontial to tho uso of tho eon- trivanco in an ordinary theatre, it was speedily abandoned. Tho great rofleoting glass on the stage was doomod a souroo ef porpotual danger to aotors not habituated to its presonce, and, moroovor, was occasionally found to so far orr in its work as to show the pittites thoir counter feit presentments whon tho roiloo- tion should havo boon that of tlio character in tho "ovon" bolow. Anything but a prosperous earoor awaits tlio stago ghost in tho future. In thoso days of Spiritualism and gonoral Psychic Besoaroh wo are prono to viow supornatur.il appear- ancos moro in tho light of scientific apathy than in that of the old-tiino terror. No longor do wo quoko at ghosts; wo sot to work to analyso them. Fielding humorously ondonvoured in I'asquin to convoy tho auricular imorossiou of tho "ghosts of some poor opora tune" but such a feat would bo trifling compared with tho efforts required of tile during concoctor of gliost drama wiio Bhould ossay to koep pnoo with tho rapid marches of rooent psychological fiction Tlio stago muBt always ho abreast of the timos. Ono extraordinary nnd oonsoling fact in connection with tho facile princeps of nU ghost plays is, that whilo its supernatural olements woro oroatod with tho immodiato purposo of" inspiring terror in the minds of Stuart- Klizabothan audioncos, they retain othor oliaraotoristii-s which render tho tragedy ominontly aceoptahlo to the present ago of tulopnthio lioliof. 'I ho Buried Majesty of Donmark is aliko visiblo to Hamlet, Horatio, nnd tho watch ; but in tho closet scone tho incestuous queen has no coguisanoo of its speech or notion. 'I'ho only solution to tho mystery is thnt Shakosponro apparently intcudod to convoy tlio impression that tho spirit possessod a cortnin oooult influonce over humanity, and had the powor of making itsolf heard nnd soon by ono only of tiva porsoas present with whom it had bocu intimately aocoyjatcd in tho flesh. 