NEW SOUTH WALES ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. , ,,". _. ?-;-r The monthly mooting of the council of the New South Wales Zoological Society wns held at the Gardens, Moore Park, yesterday afternoon. Prosent : Messrs. John Keep (in the chair), "C. C. Skarratt, J. R. Hill, Wm, Beaumont, Captain Ghest, and Mr. W. H. Catlett (secretary). The banker's pass book showed a debit balance of £1034 Ils. 4d. It was reported that tho Premier had informed a deputa- tion which waited upon bim recently, that the Government would take into fayourablo consideration the request which had boen made for a grant of £3000 towards tho assistance of the society. Tho secretary reported that the receipts from the gatos irom the 27th October to 31st December (nine weeks and two days) amounted to £269 17s. 6d.. which represented the admission of 12,702 visitors to tho gardens-8§88 being adults, and 3814 children. These numbers wero exclusivo of tho members and thoir friends who visited tho grounds. The recoipts from the olophants amounted to £15 8s. Gd., and from tho donkeys and ponios to £7 4s. 6d. The gardens were also visited by 4577 Public school children, accom- panied by 121 teachers : total 4G98. Ho also stated that tho black leopardess hnd presented tho society xvith two cubs. It is thought that those are the first black leopards born in tho Australian colonies. Sinco the last meeting tho society had acquired, by purchase, a fine young tiger cat and a sun bear. It was also said that a parrot house is sadly neodod, as the parrot cages occupy too much room in the monkey house, and many birds escape from the avian-, which is mado of xvood, as they bite their xvay out through tho boards. Membors of the council .wuro informed that Mr. E. Kent, of No. 32, Womorah-nvonue, had presented the society with a x-cry valuable donation, \iz., a collection of 124 birds, consisting of finches, Madagascar and African weaver birds. Pekin nightingales, &c.; Several improvements hax'o been effected in the gardens lately. The report of tho superintendent (Mr. Powell) was also road. It stated that tho stock in tho gardens was in a genqratyy healthy condition. The tpllowing list of donations to tho socioty since the last meeting was then rood :-Iguunaand n lizard, presented by Mr. E. J. Hamey, Molong ; two guinea pigs, Master Marshall, Sydnoy ; death adder, W. M'Grath, Surry Hills ; two ring-tailed opossums, A. H. Fremlin, Wingen ; seagull, Inspector Webber, Sydnoy ; lizard, G. W. John- stone, Redfern ; opossum, G. Perry, Surry Hills ; echidna, H. G. Lamb, Petersham; opossum, Master G. Garfortb, Surry Hills ; nativo bear and opossum, - Selway, Paddington; blue-tengucd lizard, J. Hunt, Crown-street; very fine collection of cogo birds, E. Kent, Womerah- avenuo,,Darlinghurst; black opossum, W. H. Paul, Miller's Point ; sea gull, A. Charloton, Glebe ; two young emus, Herbert Douglas, Darlinghurst; four xyhip snakes, J. E. Turton, jun., Randwick ; two iguanas, E. J. Hamoy, Molong ; tortoise, T. Spring, Randwick; slow-worm, T. S. M'Cullagh, Richmond Riyor; blue fongued lizard, W. Phillips, Castlorcagh-streot; Egyptian donkey, Colonel Roberts, Victoria Barracks ; tortoise, J. M'Namara. Paddington ; monkey, W. H. Mullen, Maitland; echidna, T. 11. Patching, Strathfield ; descriptive cata- logue of the Meduso of the Australian Seas, Trustees Australian Musoum ; lead- coloured snake, A. Brown, Pad- dington ; death-adder, J. Dewhurst, Surry Hills ; two Entollus monkeys, A. Forsyth, Hongkong ; two moreporks, J. Hastie, Redfcrn-stroot West; two nativo companions, R. Addison, Balmain; opossum, W. Marsh, Ashfield; crested pigeon, Miss Bowen, North Shore; tortoiso, R. Cottam, Redfern; tortoise, G. H. Johnstone, Paddington; young native companion, four parrots and a dove from the New Hebrides, Captain Braithwaite, Mission vessel Day- spring. Purchased by the society : Two bluo cranes, two butchor birds, two avocets, mountain duck, spurwing plover, green macaxv, ponguin, tiger cat, two brush turkeys. A letter was then read from Mr. E. Skinner, with reference to opening tho gardons on Sundays. Tho writer stated that much good had resulted bj tho opening of tho Art Gallery and the Musoum oil Sundays ; and ho believed that, if the grounds wero thrown open on tho Sabbath Day, such an act woujd tend to make tho sooioty moro popular. Tho PRESIDENT : Does Mr. Skinner know that wo havo no power to charge if we do open tho gardens ? Mr. CATLETT: I think wo have the power to charge. It would nover do to havo a "free Sunday," the samo as they bax'oin Mclbourno. Captain GHEST : I think tho chargos should bo Is. and 6d. on Sundays. The class of pooplo who xvouli como to tho gardens would willingly pay those amounts. Mr. SKAHKATT : I am agreeable to opon, if wo can open, but wo must charge Is. and Od. admission. Mr. BCAUMONT : I am of opinion that wo should con sidor this matter at another mooting. It was ultimately resolved that tho letter should bo con- sidered by the council boforo tho dato of tho annual meet- ing, which is to bo held somo time in March next. ' On the proposition of Mr. Beaumont, seconded by Cap- tain Ghest, Mr. E. Kent was elected a life membor of tho socioty for his valuable donation. Some othor unimportant matters wçro dealt xvith, after which the meeting terminated. 