" THIKST IN A CAVERN." BY THE REV. T. DE "WITT TALMAO-E. D.D. "Oh, that ono would give ruo drink of tho water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by tho gato I" (IL Samuol xxiii., IS.) . War, always distressing, is especially ruinons in harvest time. When the crops are all ready for the sickle, to have them trodden down by cavalry horses and heavy Bupply trains gullying the fields, is enough to make any man's heart sick. When the last great war broke out in Europe, and France and Germany were coming into horrid collision, I rode across their golden harvests, and saw their tents pitched, and the trenches dug in the very midst of the ripe fields, and'the long scythe of battle sharpening to mow down harvests of men in great windrows of the dead. It was at this season of harvest that the army of the Philistines came down upon Bethle hem. Hark to tho clamor of their voices, the neighing of their chargers, the blare of their trumpets, and the clash of their shields. Let David and his men fall back ! The Lord's host BometimeB loses the day. But David knew where to hide. He had been brought up in that country. Boys know all about the region where they were born and brought up. If you should go back to the old homestead, you could, with your eyes shut, find your way to the meadow, or the orchard, or the hill back of the house, with which you were familiar thirty or forty yoars ago. So David knew the cave of Adullam. Perhaps, in his boyhood days, he had played " hide-and-seek" with bis comrades all about the old cave; and though others might not have known it, David did. Travellers say there is only one way of getting into that cave, and that ÍB by a very narrow path ; but David was stout, and steady headed, and steady-nerved ; and so, with hig three brave staff-officers, he goes along that path, finds his way into the cave, sits down, looks around at the roof and the dark passages of the mountain, feels very weary with the forced march ; and water ho must have, or die. I do not know but there may have been drops trickling down the side of the cavern, or that there may have been some water in the goatskin slung to his girdle ; but that was not what he wanted. He wanted a deep, full, cold drink, such as a man gets only out ot an old well with moss- covered bucket. David remem bered that very near that cave of Adullam there was such a well as that, a well to which he used to go in boyhood-the well of Bethlehem ; and he almost imagines that he can hear the liquid plash of that woll, and his parched tongue moves through his hot lips as he says: "Oh, that ono would give me drink of tho water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate !" It was no sooner said than dono. The three brave staff-offlcerB bound to their feet and start. Brave soldiers will take oven a hint from their commander. But between them and tho well lay the Philistio.es ; and what could three men do with a great army? Yet where there is a will there is a way, and, with their BWordB slashing this way and that, they make their path to the well. While tho Philistines are amazed at tho seeming fool hardiness of these throe men, and cannot make up their minds exactly what it means, the three men have como to tho well.. They drop the buckot, bring up the water, pour it ia tho pail, and thon start for the cave. "Stop them !<" cry tho Philistines. "Clip them with your swords! Stub them with your spears ! Stop thoso throe men !" Too late ! Thoy have got around tho hill. Tho hob rocks aro splashed with tho over flowing wator from tho vossol as it is carried up tho cliffs. Tho threo mon go along tho dangerous path, and with cheeks flushed with tho oxcito- ? ment, and all out of breath in their haBte, they ; fling their swords, red with the skirmish, to tho Bide of the oave, and ory out to David: "There, i captain of the host, is what yon wanted-Ä drin of the well of Bethlehem, which ia by th gate.'' CHRIST IN THE OLD TESTAMENT. A text is of no use to me unless I can fin Christ in it ; and unless I can bring a Gospt out of these words that will arouse an comfort and bless, I shall wish I had neve seen them : for your time would be wasted, an against my soul the dark record would be mad that this day I Btood before a great audience c sinning, suffering, and dying men, and told thet of no rescue. By the CroBS of the Sun, of God, b; the throno of the eternal judgment, that sha! not be ! Carrier pigeons have eomotimes letter tied under the wing, and thoy fly hundreds o miles-one hundred miles in an hour-carrying ¡ message. So I have thought I would like t< have it now. Oh, Heavenly Dove ! bring unde Thy wing to-day, to my soul and to the souls o this people, some message of light, and love, ani peace 1 It is not an unusual thing to see people gathe around a well in summer time. The husbandmai puts down hiB cradle, the builder his trowel, th traveller his puck. Then one draws the wate for all the rest, himself taking the very last. Th cup is passed round, and the fires of thirst are pu out ; the traveller starts on his journey, and til' workman takes up his burden. My friends, we come to-day around the Gospe well. We put down our pack of burdens and ou implements of toil. One man must draw th water for those who have gathered around th well. I will try and draw the water to-day, an< if, after I have poured out from this living foun tain for your soul, I just taste of it myself, yoi will not begrudge me u " drink from the water o the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate." MEMORIES OF YOUTH. The Gospel weil, like the well in the text, is i well of Bethlehem. David had known hundred of wells of water ; but ho wanted to drink iron that particular one, and he thought nothing could slake his thirst like that. And unless you: soul and mine can get accoBs to the fountaii open for ein and uncleanness, we muBt die. Tba fountain is the well of Bethlehem. It was duj in the night, by tho lie;ht of a lantern, the sta: that hung down over the manger. It was du< not at the gate of Caesar's palaces, but in a barn The angels of God, at the first gush of the living waterB, dipped their chalices of joy into it, an< drank to the health of earth and heaven as the} cried, " Glory to God in the highest, and on eartl peace." Oh, my soul, weary with ein, etoop do wi and drink to-day out of that Bethlehem well David remembered the time when that good watei of Bethlehem was in the possession of hil ancestors. HÍB father drank there, his mothei drank there. He remembered how the watei tasted when he was a boy, and came up there fron play. We never forget the old well we used t< drink out of when wo were boys or girls. Then was something in it that blessed the lip3 and re freshed the brow better than anything we hav( found since. As we think of that dear old well the memories of the past flow into each other lik< crystalline drops, sun-glinted, and all the mor* as we remember that the hands that used to laj hold of the rope, and the hearts that beat against the well-curb, are still now. We never get ovei these reminiscences. George P. Morris, the great song-writer of this country, once said tc me that his song, " Woodman, Spare that Tree,'1 was sung in a great concert-hall, and the memo ries of early life were so wrought upon the audienco by that song that, after the singing was done, an aged man arose in the audience, over whelmed with emotion, and said : " Sir, will yon please to tell mo whether the woodman really spared the tree?" We never forget the tree under which we played. We never forget the fountain at which we drank. Alas ! for the man who has no early memories. Again, this Gospel well, like the one of the text, is A CAPTURED WELL. David thought of that boyhood well, and he wanted a drink of it, but he remembered that the Philistines had captured it. When those three men tried to come up to tho well in behalf of David, they saw swords gleaming around about it. . And this is true of the Godpel well. The Philistines have at times captured it. When we come to take a full, old-fashioned drink of pardon and comfort, do not their swords of indignation and sarcasm flash ? Why, tho sceptics tell us that we cannot come to that fountain ! They say the water is not fit to drink anyhow. " If you are really thirsty now, there is the well of philosophy, there is the well of art, there is the well of Bcience." They try to starve us on husks, when tho Father's banquet is ready, and the best ring is taken from the casket, and the sweetest harp is Btruck for tho music, and the swiftest foot is »lready lifted for the dance. They patronise heaven and abolish hell, and try to measure eternity with their hour glass, and the throne of tho" great God With their yard-Btick ! I abhor it. I toil you tho old gospel well is a captured well. I pray God that there may be somewhere in the elect host three anointed men, with courage enough to go forth in the strength of the omnipotent God, with the glis tering swords of truth, to hew the way back again to that old well. I think the tide is turning:, and that tho old Gospel is to take its place again in the familj'-, and in the university and in the legislative hall. Men hav^i tried worldly philosophies, and have found that they do not give any comfort, that they drop an Arctic midnight upon the death-pillow. They fail when there is a dead chill in the houeo ; and when the soul comes to leap into tho fathomless ocean of eternity, they give to the man not so much as a broken spear to cling to. Depend upon it, that well will come into our possession again, though it bas been captured. If thoro bo not throe anointed men in tho Lord s host with enough consecration to do tho work, then tho swords will loap from Jehovah's buckler, and the etornal Throe will descend - God tho Futhor, God tho Son, God tho Holy Ghost -conquering for our dying race tho way back again to " tho water of tho well of Bethlehem, which is by tho gate." " If God bo for us, who oan be against us ?" If God spared not his own Son, but freely gave him np for us all, how ebal! He not with Him alßo freely give UH all things ?" " For I am persuaded that neither height, not depth, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers northings present nor things to oomo," shall take from us, into final captivity, the Gospel of my blessed Lord Jesus Christ. "BY THE GATE." Again, the Gospel well, like tho one of my text, is a well at the gate. Tho traveller stopa the camel to-day, and gets down and dips out of the valley of tho EaBt some very, beautiful, clear bright water out of tho very well that David longed for. That well wa3 nt the gate, so that nobody could go into Bethlehem without going right past it. And so it ÍB with thiB Gospel well -it ia at the gate. It is, in the first place, at the gate of purification. Wo cannot wash away our Bins unless with that water. I take the re sponsibility of saying that there is no man woman, or child in this house to-day that has escaped sinful defilement. Do you say it is out« rageous and ungallant for me to make Buch a charge? Do you say, "I have never stolen, I have never blasphemed, I have never committed unchastity, I have never been guilty of murder?" I reply, You have committed a sin worse than blasphemy, woree than unchastity, worse than theft, worse than murder. We have all committed it. We have by our sin re-crucified the Lord, and that. is deicide. And if there be any wno dare to plead "not guilty" to the in dictment, then the hosts of heaven will bo impanelled aB a jury to render a unanimous verdict against UB- guilty one, guilty all. With what a slashing stroke that one passage cuts us. away from all our pretensions : " There is none that docth good-no, not one." " Oh," says some one, "all we want-all the race wants-is de velopment." Now, I want to tell you that the race developes without the Gospel into a Sodom or a Great ¡Salt Lake City. It always develóles downward-never upward, except as the grace of God lays hold of it. What, then, is to become of our soul without Christ? Banishment! Disas ter ! But I bless my Lord Jesus Christ that there is a well at tho gate of purification. For i great sin, great pardon. For eighty years of transgression, an eternity ot forgiveness! For crime deep as hell, an atonement high aa Heaven -that where sin abounded grace" may much more abound ; that as sin reigned unto death, even so may grace rei^n through righteousness uuto eternal life by Jesus Christ oar Lord. Angel of the Covenant, dip thy wing in this living foun tain to-day and wave it over this solemn assemblage, that our souls may be washed in " the water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate!" SOLACE IN AFFLICTION. Farther, I remark that this well of the Gospel is at the gate of comfort. David when he uttered the words of the text waa in the cave of Adullam. That is where some of you are now. Has the world alway« gone smoothly with you ? Has it never pursued you with slander ? Is your health . always good ? Have your fortunes never perished ? Are your children all alive and well? ! Is there one dead lamb in the fold ? Are you ; ignorant of the way to the cemetery ? Have you ever heard the bell toll when it seemed aB if every " stroke of the iron clapper beat your heart ? Is I there some trunk or drawer in your house that you go to only on anniversary days, when there comes beating against your soul the surf of a great ocean of agony ! It is the cave of Adullam ! Ia there some David here whoBe fatherly heart wayward Absalom has broken ? Some Abraham wno is lonely be cause Sarah is dead in the family plot at Mach pelah ? After thirty or forty years of companion ship, how hard to patt ! Why not have two seats in the Lord's chariot, BO that both the old folks might have gono up at once? My aged mother, in her last moment, said to my father, "Father, wouldn't it be nice if we could both go together ?" No, no. We must part. There are wounded hearts here to-day. The world cannot comfort you. Zophar the Naamathite, and Bildad tho Shuhite, and Elipnaz tho Temanite, come in, and talk, and talk, but miserable comforters are they all. They cannot pour light into the cave of Adullam. They cannot bring a single draught of water from "tho well of Bethlehem." But glory be to Jesus Christ, there is comfort in the well at the gf.te. If you give me time, I will draw up a promise for every man, woman, and child in this house. Ay, I will do it in two minutes. I will lay hold the rope cf the old well. What ia your trouble ? " Oh," you say, " I am so eiofr, BO weary ! ailments after ailments." I will draw up a promise : " The inhabitants shall never say, Iamsiok." What is your trouble? "Oh, it is the loss of friends-bereavement." I will draw you a promise, fresh and eool, out of the well: " I am the resurrection and the life ; he that be« lievoth in Me, though he were d*>ad, yet shall he live." You Bay it is the infirmities of old age ? I will draw you up a promise : " Even to your old ago I am Ho, evon to hoary hairs will I carry you." What is your trouble? " Oh," you say, " 1 have a widowed soul, and my children cry for bread." I bring up this promise : " Leave thy fatherless children-I will preserve them alive? and let thy widows trust in rae " AT HEAVEN'S FOETAL. Again, the Gospel well is at the gate of Heaven. I have not heard yet of one single intelligent account of the future world from anybody who docs not believe in tho Bible They throw suon a fog about the subject that I do npt want togo to the sceptic's Ueavon, to tho transcendentalist 8 Heaven, to the worldly philosopher's Heaven. I would not exchange tho poorest room in your house for tho finest Heaven that Huxley, or Stuart Mill, or Darwin over droamed of. I tura to my Biblo, and I find John's picture of tbaC good land- that Heaven which was your MW in infancy-which our children in tho Sabbatû Bchool will sing about thia af ternoon-that Heaven which hue a "well at tho gate." After you havo boon on a long journey, and yon como in, all bedusted and tired,to your.home, the first thing you want is refreshing ablution} and I am glad to know that after we got througtt thia hard, duaty pilgrimage we will find a weil BB ? the gate. I was reading how the ancients soup . for the fountain of perpetual youth. Th thought if they could only find and drink c of that well, the old would become young aga the siok bo cured, and everybody have eten . juvenescence. Uf course, they could not find Eureka ! I have found it ! " the water of the w of Bethlehem, which is by tho gate." I think wo had better make a bargain wi those who leave us, going out of this woi from time to time, as to where wo will me them. Travellers passing appoint a pla of meeting. They say, " We will meet at Ron at Stockholm, or Vienna, or Jerusalem, , Bethlehem." Now, when we como to stand Ï the death-pillow of those who are leaving us f the far land, do not let us weep aa though i would never seo them again, but let us appoint ? place where we will meet. Where shall it bc Shall it be on the banks of the river ? No. T banka are too long. Shall it be in the -teinpL No ; no. There is such a host there-ten tho sand times ten thousand. Where shall we me our loved ones P Let us mako an appointment meet at the well by the gate. INFINITE LOVE. But while I stand here there comes a revulsic of feeling when I look into your eyes and kno . there are souls here dying of thirst, notwitl . standing the well at the gate. Between them au .' the well of Heaven there is a great army of sir and though Christ is ready to clear a way to tint wellfor them, they will not have His love or inte: cession. But I am glad to know that yo may come yet. The well is here-the well ( Heaven. Come j I do not care how feebl you are. Let me take hold of your arn and steady you up to the well-curb. " H< every one that thirstoth, come." I would rathe win one soul to Christ this morning than wear th crown of the world's dominion. Do not lot an; man go away and Bay I did not iavite him. Ol if you could only just look at my Lord once ; if yoi could just see Him full in the face ; ay, if yoi could only do «a that woman did whom I reai about at the beginning of the services--jus come up behind Him and touch His feet-mo thinks you would live. In Northern New Jersey one winter, three little children wandered of from homo in a snowstorm. Night came on Father and mother said, "Where are th< children ?" They could not be .found. Thej started out in haste, and the newB ran to th( neighbors, and before morning it was said that there were hundreds of men hunting tht mountains for those three children, but found i them not. After a while a man imagined j there was a place that had not been looked at, j t and he went and saw the three children. He examined their bodies. He found that the older boy had taken off his coat and wrapped it around the younger one, the baby, and then taken off his vest and put around the other one ; and there they all died, he probably the first, for he' had no coat or vest, Oh, it was a touching scene when that was brought to light ! I was on the ground a little while after, and it brought the whole scene to my mind ; and I thought to myself of a more melting scene than that- it is that Jesus, our elder Brother, took off the robe of His royalty . and laid aside the last garment of earthly cem . ( forts, that He might wrap our poor souls from the blast. Oh, the height, and the depth, and the t length, and the breadth of the love of Christ 1 