THE GOLDEN HOPE. A BOMANCE OF THE DEEP. 'I dreamt a dream that wa not all a dream.' By W. CrcA.x Ruasar.r CrAPrrra XXXVI. (CONTINUED) - TIe So0ooNsrt Is MPOKER, Breeches sent a gloomy look over the taff rail and folded hi. arms with a Blare at the sook's pale face. Johnny, the boy, began to blubber. 'For this here schooner to be taken and ns men mode prisoners of 'II he a pleastog tarmination of the woyage, eartinly,' said Goldsmith, in a growing ironical voice. and savagely burying his hands in his pockets. 'I know I wish I'd never shipped. Din't bellere I ever should If it hadn't been for 'Dock parsnadin' of me. There's that about 'this here woyags that's ken' me unoomfort. able all through. Why, damme, I wouldn't 'hal seo much object to the parson's wlsion di it hadn't turned out true. It's its trueness asa disagrees with me. If a man points to a 'corner and says "There's the devil," and there's nothin' there, I laugh at him; but if 'he points and I look and sees a blaok moo 'with a tall twixt his legs, and eyes as big as 'riding lights, why then, you see, I wants to retire. There's a eight too mouh of what ain't natural in this woyage. Don't want to say nothen against the lady, but if Joe al i't telling lies when he says that she's -more sensible when she's asleep than when she's awake- reversing all the nat'ral laws as I'm acquainted with-then What I says is, 'I'm not goin' to be surprised if the sohooner's luck's.gone out of her and the worst ye can fear a-fllowin' of us In shat stemer.... S" tell yer, said Joe Hall. ' that the lady •Dame up asleep. She stared atnothen past me till I slipped L'other side the tiller in a sweat. Then she sensibly talks to the parson and DMr. Stone at the lee.-rll, points and chucks her arms about, asleep all the time, and goes below, missing nothing, steppin' out as true as a hair.' ' There's nothing wonderful in that,' said -Archer, who had been listening quietly. 'Providence looks after sleepwalkers. I've boeard of women getting on to the tops of roofs of houses and strolling about on ledges 'so tall and narrow that people watohing them have turned sick.' ' Well, I only wish the lady was more natural, more 'cording to regulations,' said the cook, direeting his pale face, full of I uneasy workings, towards the stearmer. 'I never was shipmates wish anyone as walked in his sleep atore, and though Providence, as Archer says, may keep a heye on the move ments of a party given to insenslbly haoting after the manner of ghosts, my notion is that 'the sperrit what works in a party and henables him or hey to conwerse all the way from here with a man esoppoged to be in England, but 'longslde her all the time, can't belong to the part people looks up to when 5 'they prays.' ' Why not 1!' demanded Archer. ' Why not ?' echoed the cook. ' 'Cause if It was the sort o' being a man has no call to be alarmed at, it 'od make a party aat arter the manner the party was intended to.' 'I agree with Micky,' observed Goldsmith a 'I recollect of hearing a preacher chap at a t 'Bethel say that when the ancient Jews eaw a man acting unnatural they calculated the devil had slowed himself away inside of him. How they got him out of the man I forgets ; but, anyhow, that notion of the ancient Jews h -who weren't bloomin' fools, neither, spite '•o' Bill grinnin'--' ' I'm a.grtnnio',' exclaimed Breeches, c ' because ye're a.makln' out that that notion you've spoken about belonged to the Jews. "Why, man, when I was a lad the idea was common in the willage I was born in. I've a helped duck two old women myself 'cause ° the belief was they shoved evil epirite lnto folks, and prevented hens from laying .eggs.' This observation led to a lively argument between the cook, Breeunen, and Goldsmith as to whether the belief that people who a ,aeted erratically, like eleepwakers, or demo- sl nlaoally, like Breeohte' two old women, were h possessed by demoes, originated with the anoient Jews or with Bil's village contempo a raries. But the slow, though unmistakable, gaining of the steamer upon the schooner presently started the ooen upon subjects they s were more qualified to form opinions on than the powers of evil spirits, and they were soon engaged in alarming one another afresh .with ideas as to the pursuer's nationality, and B arguing upon what Hiram ought to do so as 'to keep the race going till nightfall, if the wind held. Meanwhile. Forteoues stood close to Agatha, anxiously listening to Weeks and ~tcone as one or the other of them spoke about the pursuit, whilst the girl seemed to a heed nothing but the runding of the sohooner ° and the sight of the seas, whio would come ta rolling at one moment with their dazzilog m brows sun-touched by the flying morning g+ splendour between the speeding clouds, at 'the next pouring in delicate olive green under t the eclipsing shadow of the passing bodies of vapour. Sometimes in glancing at her and marking her rapt enj.ymnent of the windy, 'streaming pioture, the curate would fancy that there must be something more than the mere relief the buoyant bnoudinge of the vessel gave to the clouded mini, and to thae physisal oppression in the head she spoke of ; something more than this in her delight In the beautiful alternations of glory and shade, of the sparkling blue kindled by the sunlight, o or the sombre tinge that gloomed in eseh awelling height with the varying of the luminary's beams. What but the old Instincts, the old admiration that at Wylose often swsetned her pensive gaze, when from the sea shore she watched with him some so lovely, some tempestuous, some solemn tt evening summer mood of the deep, stirred in her, now that she had before her the very perfection of an ocean pictore in the flight of h the schooner through the liqoid valleys and over the foaming hills, with liberty like a goddess born of and dominating the mighty welteroing amphitheatre, Informing every echo with a song of rare melody, till the monstrslesy in the rigging and the thunderous eadence over the bowes and the sharp, h metallio, bell-like ringing notes of the sweeping foam combined tneir sounds into hbe mennstls of an orshestra. to whosemensmet s the schooner, and the surges, and the eloods. at, and the recurrent dartings of the high sun's gr Sbeams kespt tlme .. . . Sh'_' st I -Wht 4i thatsitesa?e brought his eye frontthe ' gliss he hIetfer'nil Stone that she was heading eeautly their own le .?oorso. l- 1 'There Ils no doubt she is after unat' said I; the enrate. lIo 'Not a shadder of a doubt, Mr. Fartescoe.' ;l, ' And she is ovestaking us ? ' Thet's plain, too. sir.' '1 I 'Soppose she should prove an Eoglish- if 'man. saptain ?' ' * I don't want to find out, Mr. Fortesone.u, I don't want to have nothan to say to her. eb As I have told ye, if she al's a friend it'l bs too late when lhb faat's discovered. Bill, of shall we bring the sohooner oloset We're baelog picked up, mate ' 'Ii won't do to jam her,' answered Stone, ; hbut it might be worth flain' out if th' Hope won't Hie eloser than t'chter can. Half lb a point-- h 'Then down with that stln'sal,. B ,' Bli bnuet out Hiram, and in a moment old SBlone was running forward and singing out, The. men, rendered actiwe as Oats by anxiety, in a fl< v:esr few minutes had hauled down the tuan' in mai, braced the yards sharp up, end ne 'sweated,' as they sey at sea, every sheet to VI a panoeake-flatness o eanvas. The vessel or was kept a rap:fall, but the shift of helm 00 had brought the sea woell on the bow, and h. t.e pressure aloft was exorediegly heavy; bOe 'for the Golden Hope, sweeping into the v breeze, put a tras stormy spite into its hard W pooring, and she drove along like a loao. motive, the spray breaking in snow.setorms tb -ver her head, hbet lee-rail pretty flush with the smother there, her weather standing '! riggling like bars of steel for the wind to aC split on and rave through, every foreground of her canvas flashing with a starry light, gi and melting into pallid dimness with thebs reel and stagger of ths spars to the s?n, and his a' Fcabthsd by spedal aroaongwemt with the santisa o dazsling leaping fromi one, c?adedge to another. Phew I 'twas noble ailing-the flhght rather of some beautiful oreatore of instinlt, maddened by a far.off allowing in her wake, than the m-chanie mopments of a piecae of man's handiwork urged fr she winds and guided.by the helm. , The crew gathered'aft for th? .ecltrof ,i the qoarter-deek from the tempetuous rain. ing of green water forward, and shed grouped g near the main rigging, all stareg, as with h one pair of eyes, at the leamer. Hiram. to kneeling on those lees of his, which in their trousers looked rather less supple than a pair ad of longs. Inspected the stranger through the telescope. He watched hertor a longminute, Id the glass rising and falling with his head to the plunge and dip of the schooner. Then rsin.g and casting his protruding eyes in the most dismal manner firston Mr. Forteseue, or then on Slone, and dually on the men, he said in a low, but hollow, voice: S 'Ltdes he's hauled hie wind I' SHeadin' up as' we do I' shouted Droeohee. ' Ay,' answered Hirra, ' as we do.' ' Then,' growled Goldsmith, with a note d of desperation in his deep-sea las. ' it's it "h, a, double-hall--hall; u, p-hup"-hall hap, bullies. What's a goin' to withstand Shengines l a Wessel as can sail as olote as 1 the chase ? Hiram took nonotiee of this. 'R. , ~ C But, men.' cried out Mr. Fortecous, e ' after all, our ideas are pure imagination, so far. How do we know eoe's not an English. man ? Presuming her to be a foreigner. a what right have we as yet to suppose that the country she belongs to ie at war with 'Ay, that's, all very well, ir,'b awled the acook ; '. but .wha's OsaptatemWieks rub?inog away for, thean' i Because,' roared Hiram, ' it's one of athem businesses which, to make sure of, allows 'em chiefly to make suore of you. What's she a.ohasiog of us for? D'ye think sa e'd shift her course it she only wanted to speak-it there was nothen particular ? She's a man.of war, and what's her d purpose in these here waters? Why, yeas.' he shouted scornfuolly, 'she may be a e oonntryman, and she may be mistaken of our dodgin' her. But d'ye wish me to heave to and find out, when by gettin' away we shall be dropping all the risks I've told yer about ?' 'But we aren't goin' to get away I' cried Breeobes. ' Why, sh's sweilio' up down there like a sailor's wesekit in a publio. hou.e.' ' She's got a colour flying,' said Stone, who had been silently working away with the glaes. 'He I' exclaimed Hiram, wheeling round. 'At the fore royal mnast head,' continued the mate. He 'looked a little while longer. ' I duono,' he cried, ' my sight ain't what it was ; but-but it it ain't blue and white and red, you may bile me I' he roared out, 'if it' yeller or black or green !' Hiram looked on dully an instant or two, staring at Stone. ' By thunder I' he mattered, then santohebd at the glass and levelled it. ' French l' he yelled. ' Who's got eye here?' Tne men came in a rush all around him. Hiram gave the teletoope to Archer, who, after a short Inspection, said, ' Yes, air, the tricolour. A small French sorew mantof. war.' Others of the men lookel-Breechees, Goldsmith, Duck; they were all agreed. The flag in the glase blew out its tints brilliant to the sun, and the vessel herself, her hall now and again showing betwixt a sea, black and glossy as the plumes of a crow, was heading up to it like the schooner herself, and gaining steadily with every five minotes that went by. Hiram, folding his arms, took a long look at the stranger, and then a long look at the men. He was lost in thought, then awoke to earnestly Inspect his canvas and judge his speed by watehing the passage of the white water. SBill,' he said, addressing Stone in a voice to be heard by all hands, ashe's eatching us up, but we'll keep on this ratoh and hold on all, for we're not to know she wants us to stop, and--eometbing--might happen to her hengilss, or she might carry away a meet and anyways we'll hold all I' Stone nodded. 'But whether there's war or not,' eon tinned Hiram, making his eyes meet with ai singular look in Mr. Forteecee's face.' that's no call for us, whether we're overhauled or whether we sucoeed in gettin' away, to be ashamed of the coloure we sCil under. So, Bill, out with the henaign and run him up.' This was done, and, as old Stone hauled the glorious bit of bunting, streaming like a flame as it soared rattling in a graceful curve to the halliard block at the peak, one saw the English spirit, acting like the tonuch of nature that makes the whole world kin, in I every man's face as the whole mnb of them I followed with their ge'o the flight of the i meteor flag to its destination at the lofty I gaff end. Suddenly Agatha, who had b'en watehing ( the hoisting of the ensign with an interest I that did not eanape her lover, said to him Io I a low voles, ' May I speak to Archer, Mr. e Fortesous?' 'I will call him, my darling.' The man approached with a respectfult salute. She merely wished to ask him bow he was-to tell him the delight the swift t cailing of the schooner filled her with ; ano I with a smile of moving pathos, in Furtesone's sight, to deolare she was happier here than on the island. ' I do not miss it; do you, Archer ?' 'No, mises.' ,Sometimes I have wished the little t house you built me was here. The trem-a bling of the leaves made the ground eool a and pretty. But I like my cabin down. d ttairs, and my clothes,' looking at horself e with an added touch of colour, and smiliug t as though she felt her simplleity and sought a an excruse for it. not knowing how to express I her happiness save by indicating the things whloh gave her pleasure; 'and Mr. For teseane is so kind to me-as yen were, Aroher; bat-but--' she struggled with a candoor one saw her Instincts were for lenlsng, and abruptly pausing, she looked half shyly, half anxiously at her lover. ' We're both in good hands, miss, and 'cls elorious to feel we re going home,' sild Aroher, and again knuackling bis forehead he y stepped over to where the other men were 'They've hauled down the flag at the malatmst.' eshotuld Stone, with his syse st ii th.ts el Hilo jl One-tew-three-fosr ',4q,"-.I - . '? lg.atisnlog of a.; and b d agalo n thoy're as it The smaU whits btill of em'ke. the it I f leapt from some bhw gun or other of the steamer was blown by the wind into a stretch of veil-like vapour, shot with the la.tre, was instantly seen, and all handa stared for the missile. * Well, I'm doodled I' bawled old B-eeabh. I 'That's meant for oar ensign I 'pose, an' if it don't alonify war, why, then, any man Cl may ohtck old Bill overboard as likes.' SAnybody see where the ason struck ' shouted Hiram, in a quite desperate state ol exoitement: There was no answer. ' Anybody hear the sxploslon ?' S01e did.' orled Johnny. with his white face aonspioans, among the men. * Beg pardon, oap'o,' said Aroehr. stepping ( forward. ' bt if so be, as Mr. S:one says, d that steamer's signallsalng of us, it's likely i she'e fired her gon to esll attention to her I fl gs, or as a reqoest to n* to beave to.' .'There's no ne' in her botherln' with "flsg.' aried tHlram..whose agitation kept him , iumping and hopping about as though hit nervens system had b-so seaddenly and violently smltten, * 'sause we've got no book on board and shan't be able to oadertand nothen bat beneigoe. As to her meantng by her gn to ask us to:heave to, why, if leooald baelieve it wasn't shotted-and that she only' wanted to speak as--' and here he stopped with his eyes on Fortereao. -' There can be no doubt, I shppose,' said the clergymau, ' that sheitsFPrinoh 7' 'I don't know, sir,' answered Hirem. ' Sha may be a s osian I tell yer hoisting coloors in war.times is mere aoheatin'.' 'Anyway,' pursued the olergyman, ' she's gaining on usl' Si'tnd over fiest.' anwerd8i Stone. ' Them are propellers. I've heard, often do' best when the wind's hbearig, by the grip they get of the water.' o , ' Be's cert in to ovretake n , then !' be Stone abrugged his shoulders Hiram of t.nnod to look at the steamar, the man n g9,iioed over the siaes or up slot;. Toe a ilence was general and mighbily expressive. e 'I think we ought to heave to.' said Fortesone, mildly. f * The oah ooanr'a yours. air; you're my \- master; whatever .order- yon, .gve'll be d obeyed,' exolaimed Hiram, rounding rapidly h on his long legs and speaking with an eager n. nes, an anxiety, that made you seehe wanted r to be quit of bin retponalbility, 'r Wnat do you say, men?' exclaimed For e tescue, addressing them. * You sie how the , ase stands. Our fears may prove Inmgiuary; o but in any ease she certain to outran on s i and ospposing it oonoeivable she should be 3 an enemy, we are not going to improve our , reception at her hands by a long and irritat Sing chase.' 'That seema right enough, sir,' said Stone. i If she's bound to overhaul us,' growled Breeches, why then she must.' 'Why, yes, of oourue, if she dew, ash i dew,' cried Goldsmith; ' but eomethin' mwa happen, an' I'm for keapin' all on as we'rda I goin'. Time enough to heave to. says I, Swhen she egalarprr proper fires at ' ' There goes a ecuood gun, anyhow,' ob. Sserved Areber. It would have made a monkey laagi to aeo the fellows staring up at the sails amd at the * sea to observe where and what the ball was going to strike. 'I tell ye what it is, Iads,' aid James Kitt, throwing a savage, fighting look along the schooner's unarmed deck, ' for ao Englishmrn to be aimed at by a Parlrt. Voo Swithout his hbing is muea* as-a, souO laa- . tirn the -ompliment with Is a diepenustion as don't seitmy boak for one. An' tanning away from that three-ooloured rag's as little to my tasto, too. If it was me, I'd down hellam and ohanoe th' odds.' ' Well, I'm agreeable,' said Breeches. 'Nothea else to be done, as I oan eeo,' ex claimed Sawyer. * All right, down helium, then I' cried Dock. ' It's your wih, sir?' said Hiram, 'What choice have we ' answered the clergyman, not without anxiety in his voice, as he looked at the steamer. ' In tor'gan'el I' bawled Hiram, ' Back the torpe'l I Down lsaysall and flying jib I Up main taok I She's been sweated enough.' The men sprang about, those who would have remonstrated smothering up their ob jeotlons. and presently the schooner was lving without headway upon her, bowing ;he long, steady. rolling sea with a regular rbyrhmical swing of stem and stern, every thing quiet aloft, and the crew looking over the lee-rail at the steamer that, seeing the action of the sohooner, had reduced canvas down to bare poke and was heading for the weather quarter of the Golden Hope, flinging the hillows aft in spray over her as her ecrew drove her headlong through them. About a quarter of an hour after the 1 eahooner had been hove to, the sddlen drop. I plugs of the wind was like the weather's con. firmation of the wisdom of Hiram in bring- - iog his voesel to astand. It was oartain it rendered the men more satisfied with what had hben done, more particularly when they noticed as the steamer grew upon the sea, the superb etatellness of her bull, her dominant shoaring of the lessening surge rising white to each cat-boad, the rake of spar whose euggestion of speed was accentuated by the swift pouring of smoke from the leaning funnel, and the inimitable animation of the naked fabric as expressed in the pulsation of bluish light in her wet aides. her shinng leaps from brow to brow with the trioolour streaming at the gaff end, where it might now plainly be seen; and as old Stone could mark ere long through the glass, the glittering of uniforms on the bridge. The breeze had settled soulthbest again, with something of the steadiness of the trade wind in it, when the Frenchman, as the steamer was now by all hands agreed to be, was about half a mile distant. Her ap proaoh was watched with an anxiety that became a kins o flever i??he more nervous I Hiram stood with one hand gripping the other bloodless. Stone with folded arms, Breeches sour, but with the English sailor's doggedness in his face, Goldsmith with that antilopative leer which, as a prophetic ex- c presslon, is good for whatever may happen ; , and so on, Mr. Fortesoue, holding Apgtha's hand, thought to himself, * Suppose Hiram is right-that there is was between roaland and France and we are taken prisoners I' and you scold have ipoosed what was passing in his mind by the face he would turn from the steamer to his love. On the other hand, the girl asked no ques tione. It seemed to him as if her imperfect crasp of what was happening restrained her from interrogating him by the sensitiveness that springs from one's knowledge of one's ignorance He would see her straining her eves at the coming vessel, then glanclng -i from his to the faces of the men, with a con- |i traction as of earnest thought in her fair 1i brow, followed by a side peep of wltfolness E at him. which, whenever she caught him P notice It, she'd endeavour, in a manner most " affeo:ing to him, to charge with a meaning cl he knew it did not possess by uttering esms 1 onmmnnplaoe as to the failure of the wind, the deadness of the blue water brimming ti flamless past the bends of the stationary a schooner, and the like. a The steamer ranged alongside to windward within easy speaking distence. Her engines etopped, she came to a balt, and lay rolling upon the sea, showing a broad white deok with every leeward heave, a few oerronades, ; a long gun in the bows, and whole mases of seamen, whose postures, motions, figores. , dress, would have bespoken her origin and eharacter though she had come along with i the red cross at all three mastheads and the gi most familiar ship's name in the English tongue writ large on eaeh how. ' O, ze seahonaire eh.hy !' shooted a man, A twinkling in button,. from the bridge, SHallo 1' roared Hiram. SVere youn bonn' ?' ' Hingland I' ihrfeked Hirsm. t; *Ve rvel send a boat I' bawled the little , * What for, sir ?' cried Hiram. ' Ve have a leetel babee here, an' ve aak d you to take hsem.' Hiram looked at Mr. Fortesone with a face T from which all human expression appeared at to have vanlshed-answering purely to Jack's t" illustration,' As long as a wet swab I' |' ' Well, I'm 'jiggered ' he rapped out, bringngng hi open hand smartly *gtlnot bsh . leg ; 5to think we crew of Rnnalithmen ;i usould ha' been .rnning away all mornin' |, from-from a little baby I' ae (to es coaermen.) __ 