AMONGST THE BGOICS. A LITERARY GOSSIP Miss Florence Marryat is now writing hor 49th novel. She docs not dream her stories, liko Robert Louis Stevenson, nor cat hasheesh, as she says most of the French writers do ; hut sho says, "I ju3t sit down with the characters floating iu my mind, and I let thorn do what they please, hud writo straight along. Tho plot matures itself naturally, and everything comes right at the cad." Miss Marryat has little faith in the critics in tho papers. " Yes, criticism, liko kissing, goes by favor, and, given a pretty woman, chicken aud champagne, these conditions are about as certain to produce a laudatory notice as must things in this imper fect sphere," "Books aro good enough in tlioir own way, but they aro a mighty bloodless substitute for life. It seems a pity to sit, like the Lady of Shalolt, pooring into a mirror, with your hack turued on all tho hustle and glamor of reality.' — Robert Louis Stevenson. Thoro (observes lYeui York Life) is tho whole case against the '"literary lifo"iu a nutshell. It is tho frank acknowledgment of a man of lottcrs that there is something more in life than fine dreams and the deft expression of them. This longing for action which takes possession of so many writers mid thinkers of the first rank mado Carlyle, Thackeray, Macaulay, John Morley, Sheridan and Disraeli ambitious for an entrance into pub lic life. George Meredith's stylo has been described by a writer in I Roman's IFoi-W as chaos illu mined by brilliant flashes of lightning. As a writer he has mastered everything, except lan guage ; as a novelist ho can do c vory thing, except tell a story ; as au artist ho is ovcrything excopt articulate. Too strange to be popular, too individual to have imitators, the author of " Richard Fevercl stands absolutoly alone. It is easy to disarm criticism, but he has dis armed the disciple. Ho gives us his philosophy through the medium of wit, and is never so pa thetic as when iio is humorous. To turn truth into a paradox is not difficult, hut Gcorgo Me redith makes all liis paradoxes truths, and no Thesous can thread his labyrinth, no (Edipus solvo his secret. Tho three vacant scats at the French Academy have been filled up. M. Othenin d'Hnusson- ville was elected to the chair of M. Caro. His claims to a seat among the Forty are chiefly hereditary ; Madame do Stacl haB always had two or three descendants to represent her memory at the Palais Maznrin. M. d'Hausson- villo has all the literary ability of his family, and there arc soveral among tlio Forty who have not his claims to the blue ribbon of the French literary world. Admiral Juricn de la Gravihrc, was elected to the seat of M. de Vicil Cnstel. The admiral's claims rest upon n series of masterly essays on naval warfare, from tho days of i'hsiuistoclos down to tho battle of Lissa. Most of them have been published in tho Jievtic des Deux Mondcs. For tho third seat M. Jules Clnretie, the present manager of the Comcdio Frangaiso, was elected. As a litterateur lie stands deservedly high.; his sketches of French social and political life are classical works, aud denote a power of observa tion, as well as a critical acumen and a felicity of description which are not nlwnys found com bined. Two of his works, "M. lc Miuistro," nnd " Lo Cnndidat," aro masterpieces, Hogar- thinn in their truthfulness of dotail and philo sophical suggcslivcness, without any of Hogarth's offonsiro coarseness. M. Jules Claretie is entirely a self made mau. Mr. Wilkio Collins is again sufforing from his old enemy the gout, which has pursuodhim with fiendish malignity for years. T'lio famous novelist once related the history of "Tho Moonstone," and said that somo of tho most entertainiug scones of tlint exciting novel were dictated when in the grasp of the gout deril. If gout is the enemy of his old ago, ghosts persecuted him when he was young, so that the life of the popular novelist has not been all boor and skittles. "When I was writing 'The Woman in White,' " said Mr. Collins," I often used to tsko up my work a little before mid night nud work into tho small hours of the morning. Then tho most horrible monsters, with green eyes, frightful fangs and lolling tongues, would meet mo on tho staircase and follow mo to bod, not once, but night after night. Of courso,they were the result of over work, aud a rest banished thorn from my over wrought braiu." . . . Askiug Mr. Collins how he came by Count Fosco, iho only fat vallain in fiction. "Ho was an agglomera tion." replied the novelist, "and I made him fat boc.auso a lady once made tho remark to mo at a dinuor party that no novelist could make a really lifelike fat villain." 