Tfi E DCUEUST. BY FRED C. MTLFORD. jte- p GUINEAS REWARD..— Whereas during the past month a felonious attempt has been made to personate Sir Philip Wylde, Bart., Fifty-five Guineas Reward will be paid for informa tion leading to the detection of the culprit.— John Uryce, Solicitor, 36a., Bedford Row, W.C. " I dou't think, somehow, you'll get him to admit anything of the kind, Mrs. Lane," said Colonel Barnes, chuckling; while i felt myself getting very red in the face, and tried to in culcate silence 011 the worthy old warrior by a series of entirely ineffec tive frowns and slight shakes of the head. "It's no use, dear lad," he con- 55 GUINEAS REWARD, j ' ' . J wimuai. v. 111 VMD, jwu niw«. i only xvished you had gained your scratched nose in the rescue of a worthier subject." " Perhaps the ' worthier subject' might not view the matter in the same light," i said, laughing. " After all, it only cost me one of my coat- tails." But i was not to be let off so easily. Women dearly love a little bit of hero- worship, even when the object has done as little to deserve their notice as i had, and i was obliged to answer a good many questions and listen to a good many felicitations before I was successful in turning the conversation iuto other channels. The evening passed pleasantly and rapidly enough. Lucy l'ollexfcii was gifted with a well-trained and very- sweet contralto voice, and one, More over, which possessed that fimbre sympathise, that indefinable quality which 110 amount ef training, no method of production, however per fect, can impart — nay, which is often most noticeable where the voice itself lacks power aud richness, aud the style is uncultured — but which, never- theless, can more the listener with its nameless charm while the more bril liant organ only excites his admira tion and fails, where the other suc ceeds in penetrating to that inner chamber in his heart and stirring with gentle touch the tender memories of bygone years. She sang, amongst others, that most perfect of English contralro songs. "The Lost Chord," aud as Sullivan's glorious harmonies rose, increasing in richness, and then trembled and died away iuto silence, I saw Mrs. Lane's eyes were full of tears, while, the colonels grev head was bent down in apparent contemplation of the pattern of the hearth-rug. AVho call tell what ghosts of the past were rising from tiieir graves in tlie old bachelor's kindly heart!' As Lucy passed him 011 her way from the piano, he took her hand and kissed it with old- fashioned courtesy. " Look here, Barnes, you leave my girl alone," said Mr. l'oliexfen, laugh ing, although the vehemence wilh which he had just blown his nose created a suspicion in my mind that his daughter's song had not been with out its effect even on our lighthcartcd host. ' Tom, my lad, your sister has put us all in the dumps. Get your l'.uiju ana see i i you can 1 liven ns up a little wilh a comic song." Tom l'oliexfen proved to he a mosl capable performer on that merriest of instruments, and proceeded to render a ridiculous parody of a popular senti mental ditty with so much quaint humour that it was amid a general chorus of laughter that the Laaes rose to take leave, while the colonel and 1 prepared for our walk back to the Cottage. Colones Barnes was unwontedly silent aud thoughtful as we wended our way along the mile of well-kept drive that. ran through Mr. Polle.xfen's park, while, uuwilliug to disturb his thoughts, allowed my mind to wander to Muriel in hewLandon lodgings, and to the strange occurrences of the past week. At last-, flipping the ash from his cigar, lie sighed deeply and broke his long silence with — " Strange how that girl's song car ried my thoughts hack thirty years and more. It sounds ridiculous for ail old bachelor to talk sentiment, but 1 had my romance once, like any other youngster. You won't laugh at me, Eustace f" " Laugh at you, colonel? God for bid ! My own withers are too far from being unwrnug for that." " i feared so ; 1 sometimes think with Charles Kingslcy that it is the tate ot nan toe nooiest men in the world and nine-tenths of the noblest women. But, believe me, dear lad, time is a wonderful surgeon. i thought at one time that my own hurt was past healing, but it has been well scarred over this many a year, and though, as now, a girl's song may cause a neuralgic twinge in the old wound, i am as hale and hearty a subject of Her Majesty's as you will find in all her dominions. " Mine was a sad enough story," he went on. " i was going, too, to marry a rich bride, rich in goodness and beauty, ns well as worldly wealth. Ah ! what a bright picture we used to draw, as we sat together, of our happy, cloudless future. Everything seemed to have conspired to brighten the pro mise of the years to come. Youth, love, wealth," the approbation of all our near and dear ones at so suit-ihic -a union ; nothing was wanting, not a cloud above the horizon. " ' Our laet parting 1 ' i whispered in Ethel's ear as i hade her farewell on our wedding-eve, little dreaming how soon we were indeed to be parted, aud for ever. " It was a gay throng that crowded the church next morning, hut who so gay at heart as the man who stood there at the altar-steps, aud welcomed tlie advent of the little white-robed, white-veiled figure that moved up the aisle towards him, leaning on her brother's arm, and then knelt down beside him ? " As 1 rose, the clergyman came to wards us with open book, but Ethel still knelt, motionless, at tlie altar rail. a moment's pause, and then, as in vague alarm i touched her shoulder, the slender figure swayed and would have fallen but for the supporting arm i threw around it. Poor child ! had she fainted ? " i held her in my arms, and hastily drew aside her veil to give her air. Eustace, she was dead ! "Oil, the hitter mockery of that bridal dress, of the scent of those orange-blossoms ! For a long time 1 refused to believe what they told me. it was too horrible to be true. At last thev took her from me. and 1 felt like a stone at- their feet, as un conscious as the white-clad figure they bore away. " Eustace, lad, would you not think such a wound as that beyond the power of healing? When I went out again into the world, I said, ' 1 will curse God and die." I rushed wildly into every excess in search of the oblivion 1 could never win. Deeper and deeper I plunged into the inire as each effort proved more fruit less than the last. My friends in vain strove to save inc from myself. In a few months I had gambled away all but a small remnant of my \veallh, and in body and mind was but the wreck of ihe man 1 had been before that fatal day. "It was a woman that saved me 011 the very brink of hell itself. God 111 heaven bless her for the womanly pity that wrought that rescue ! When the world turned away its hypocritical, sanctimonious face from the ruined roue and gambler, she, shortly to lie wedded, as she was, to one of great wealth and position, never shrank from her self-imposed task-, hut won me baek to better things by the power of a good, pure woman's influence. " Commissions were obtainable in those days by easier than they now are, and officers at that time were badly wanted. I was a year or two older than the generality of ensigns, but a little pressure at the War Office worked wonders, and 1 was gazetted to a regiment then in India. " 1 never saw her again, nor did 1 ever meet the man to whom she was shortly afterwards united, but who, 1 believe, was a worthy mate, even for her. Curiously enough, when 1 first saw you, Eustace, a certain look about the eyes reminded me somehow of the best woman 1 ever knew — an odd fancy, but it made me take a great liking to you, lad, from the very first. Yes; varied as have been the scenes in which my life has been spent, 1 have never lain down a night or risen in the morning without a blessing 011 the memory of Joyce Carew. " Y ou won't mind my not sitting up to smoke with you 10-nighl — eh. Eustace ?" the colonel wound up with, as wo entered the cottage. " I don't feel quite myself, and shall go straight to bed. You'll fiud every thing you want in the dining-room. Good night, dear lad." X lib a dltel Ml UUiYll l-u llllUlt over what Colonel Barnes had told me, .truly his story was a terrible one indeed. My fate was a sad one, but in his case the cup of happiness had been dashed from his very lips. ilis tale had had one point of in terest for me, however, of which the colonel could have had 110 inkling ; and one on which I felt 3 must en lighten him before the close of uiy visit, although the time was not yet ripe for the disclosure. Joyce Carew had been my mother's niaiden-name. 10 BK COMI.NCKD. The. Intercolonial Typographical Conference has passed a resolution against apprentices being einpljved 011 daily papers, and limiting the number to one apprentice to every throe jour neymen 111 other offices, with one addi tional to the office. 11 is estimated that the loss of pro perty in the Broken-hill fire is not less than £70, (KK), and that, the insurances do not exceed £20.000. The forma tion of a relief committee, with bran ches in .Sydney, Melbourne and Ade laide is suggested: jt helps a Jtorse much if he can lie down ; and a good clean bed of straw is a great inducement to rest this way. a good currying and brushing fre quently will help to keep the animal in health. Washing occasionally is another aid. The harness should be washed with warm water, especiallv the parts likely to chafe -the skin, and whilst wet should be well rubbed with Anaf/tw /xil nil nirf hoc linan >» moved. — Mildura Cultivator. Cooking a pig's food adds nothing to it, but it makes it more digestible, and what we want is to make the pig eat all he can digest assimilate, and the more he eats the fatter he will he. "The real thing to be desired is n0( to see how cheaply we cau feed a pig but how much solid nutriment can be got into him and have it digested and assimilated as soon as possible' and as in thorough cooking it absorbs several fiines its bulk in water' and as the flesh and fat of the animal contains about 67 per cent- of water, and as on cooked meal pigs show no disposition to drink, thoroughly boiled meal fed three or four times a day would seem likely to produce the most flesh and fat in the shortest time." 