.''^'iPdlNTS. '? ' ?'. -'v'! -To Pbbvbnt Bosn Fibes.— Never light them. The Shah:— Of Persia intends to visit tho Paris Exhibition. The Yankees. — Proposo.to liberalise their tariff. ' ? Good When Got. — Free ports for wool in America. . after Saturday last. . ' Sronis Oeoumdb. — Ought to be provided in every suburb; ' ' Bookcodahin. — Desires to join Brisbano in Ihe nightsoil trade. ' CtmnENT Cash.' — Tho Doctor sajs ho is not in it yet. '? Very Handy.— Woolcock's handiwork on Divisional Soards Acts. To the Fbont. — North Glanmire and.Wil mot Extended gold mines. Caught a Tatitae. — That ship from Hong kong. She is in quarantine down south. One. — In 3,600 persons taking chloroform at rrinco Alfred Hospital may be expected to die. A Pleasant Chakoe. — To have a fine Sun day. Rather more-ish. A.M. P. Society. — Getting another bill through tho New South Wales Pailiamcnt. One Hundred. — Deaf trad dumb inmates of the Newtown Asylum visited the Bondi Aquarium. Sie Dan CoorEB. — Pledging £250 towards fund for representing Now South Wales in Centennial Exhibition. Not Yet. — The Hon. J. B. Dickcon has not 60 far given anybody cause to say that ho will run for Tooinbul. Belhont Meadows.— E. J. Cottell dodged the rain on Saturday, and knocked down 100 acres or so. t Eugenie.— Has spent £100,000 on the mausoleum built as tho last resting place of her husband and son. Divine Sahaii. — Sarah Bernhardt is wearing mourning for her lately deceased panther kitten Tigrette. There is Geeat Feae. — At Salford, in Eng land, lest the opening of a free public library should empty tho churches. Much Exeecised. — Tho Cabinet of our neighbours over tho local manufacture oE loco motives. We are just making ours. Going.— To put tho two knights through a preliminary canter, tho Trades Congress Cup. Both are in good foim for a sprint. Tho elder night a little stiff, perhaps. Dan Wilson.— Has ?won honours atlait, and private entertainment. Most likely thoy ' will fioon let Dan out. Always was so. De clining health, you knew. Shaet Boy. — Lady : ' Bub, what you charge for cleaning off the sidewalk.' Boy': 'I won't charge anything if you'll pay me in advance.' ?PATT.TT.-n Cbinolines. — The one dropped on Wickham terrace Ia6t night wbb last seen hanging on the reserve fence — waiting to be vailed for. SriELEES. — Brazen- faced blackguards in the most barefaced manner were plying their arts at the entrance gate to tho Goorparoo sports. Why waB not a policeman there ? . Elect, but Not. Elected. — Bernooker, Thorne, and Co. have decided to recommend Knight of Adoiaide street for the unfilled seat on tho Buliinba Board. Barkus is said to bo willin*. IT .L.00KSD UOinc. — XO see two policemen and two looso horses holding the fort on the pathway at the coiner of Boundary street and Wickham btreet on Sunday monimjr when ?worshippers were reluming from church. Pateonised. — Tho Coorparoo sports wore attended by tho ex-Mayor of Brisbane, the Mayor of .the Borough of South Brisbane, and a member of each house of tho Legislature. The Chuhman of tho Bulimba Board was not observed' on the' ground. Eaely Bisebs.— M'Gillivray, labour dele gate, South Australia, haB como hero to bo more abtonished than he ever was before by tho advanced thought of wide-uwako Queens landers. Folk down south do saem to think the heat here makes us all sleopy. Wincn is Wnicn? — Midnight — Smith reads door-plato : 'Lemme see — S-m-i-t-h — why, I wonder what Smith that is (hie)':' Voice fiom above — 'Is that you, eir, at home at last?' ' ' (Hie) I know what Smith that is now (hie)— it's this Smith (hie) !' A Gehitan Royal Wetdiso.— The marriage of Princess Irene of Hesse-Darmstadt to Prince Henry of PruiSBia, second s.on of the German Crown Prince, will, it ifl rumoured, he cnimnnipjrfi nt. Potsdam in the course of the month of May. Rather gloomy if tho prince and his father dio before that time. Ievinq.— Is potting the shekels in Amorica'. The Chicago papers say that the engagement has been the most successful ever played there, not only financially, but artistally. It has exceeded by 10,000 dollars any previously plaved there by him. The advanoo sale of tickets in Boston promises similar results. Deab. Fido.— Miss Prude (aged 40, going to bed) — 'Somebody's under my bed! My goodness ! can it.j-d~Fido ? Fido ! Fido ! (Sho holds out her hand under the bed, and the wise burglar licks it.) Oh ! all right ! It is Fido.' Retires, rcaEBurcd, and Elteps through tho burglary. Mb. James Mixum.— Says, 'To convince my fellownien, and particularly tho Austra lians, of the deplorable condition of tho world aiid its inhabitants at tho prcseDt time, and to thow them that it is possible for us to gain a knowledge of tho past ages of this world by reflection upon tho great law of nature or God, I beg to make the following prediction, numely :' Mr. Miller's horoscope descrUa an earthquake. ' ' ' ' GHObTB AND THE CUBOY. — Rev. J. F. Vallings, who has been presented to tho vioar uge of Sopley, is said to have been driven from his former living at Aythe, Kent, owing to the presence of a ghost, which whilo it could not a} pear to any one in a priestly garo, greatly annoyed his family by its pranks. A ourato it Wondover, Bucks, some time since, had to leave a house which Mb family declared was haunted. TBANESU6IOK WONDEBFUL. — TllO wife of a labourer in Hants had for a considerable time past been suffering from a disease which had reduced her almost to a skeleton, medicine being of no avail. Her raedioal atteudunt, Mr. Marcus Eustaco, on being summoned at midnight found her in a sinking state. As a last resource ho extracted 4 ozs. of blood from his own body and injected it into that of his patient. The operation was Buccessful, and the woman is now in a fair way of reccvory. Who aet tiiou f — Doctor Bradon, whon ho was rector of Etham, in Kent, one day preached from tho text ' Who art thou f' Just at tho moment ho announced it, a military subaltern of tho neighbouring post was walking up tho aisle, and, hearing tho question, ho stopped, tulutcd, and eaid, 'I am; sir, an officer of the Seventeenth Regiment of Foot, on a recruiting party htro.' Cobious Tiuko.— If friction ceased to aot tho wholo faco of Nature would be ohauged, ivnd much of tho dry land, and, even more ? rapidly, most buildings, would disappear be neath the Bea. Such inhabitants as remained for a ehort time alivo would not only bo unablo to provide themselves with tiro or warmth, but would find their clothes falling back to tho original fibre from which they wero mado ; and if not destroyed in ono of tho many possible ways — buoh hb by fulling moteoiH, no longer dissipated. by friction through the air, or by falling masses of water, no longer retarded by tho atmosphero and descending as rain— would \- lio uuablo to obtain food, from inability to movo themselves by any ordinary method of locomotion, or, what would bo equally serious, Having onco siaricu into motion, irom ocmg unablo to stop except when they camo into . tollieion with other unhappy beings or moving Icdics. Boforo long they, with all hoavior hubhtiinccs, would disappear for ever bonoath the waters which would now cover tho faco of 1 ? u liftktu world. 