VIVIENNE. BY THE AUTHOR OF "MY LADY COQUETTE." BOOK III. CHAPTER IV (CONTINUED.) 'TO BE WROTH WITH ONE WE LOVE." "Oh, Raoul, let me hold you! let me know your grief. Your looks, your presence here, are all so strange, I shall know no peace when you are gone." "You will have her," he said, simply, with a smile so sad, it had a deeper pathos than tears. "She will comfort and console you better than anything else. Ask no more, for I can tell you nothing. God bless you, and give you all happiness. And now once more —Farewell!" He wrung his hands, and, ere Albert could speak another word, was gone, leaving him, bewildered and distressed, to wander over what had passed, and perplex himself with theories innumerable for his friends extraordinary conduct. So while the closed casements of the chateau shut out the morning light, and the sunrise swept over the east, and the birds woke to chant the praises of a new day, Raoul de Verdreuil mounted his horse, and rode slowly away from the home he had loved so long—the home he had been driven from by the shame of a terrible and un- merited dishonour. There was wonder and loudly expressed astonishment at the news of Raoul's abrupt departure when Albert Hoffmann related it at the breakfast-table that morning. No suspicion of such a thing had crossed the minds of any of the guests at Renonceux. Only by two of those seated at the table was the news already expected—the Count de Verdreuil and his wife. Matchless actress us she was, Blanche felt her cheeks pale as she heard that Raoul had left, but her husband's eyes were fixed eagerly and searchingly upon her, and she summoned all her self-command, and forced herself to smile and talk and be as gay and brilliant as usual, murmuring, with cold indifference, that Raoul was always eccentric —never to be depended on—that she had half expected him to leave them suddenly— his stay had already been so unusually long. And then she skilfully turned the conversa- tion to other matters, and this strange departure was alluded to no more. But a thrill of savage joy swept through her heart as her eyes rested on Vivienne, and noted how deadly pale she turned, how some in- ward pain shadowed all the brightness of her eyes as she heard of Raoul's absence, and remembered he had spoken no parting word, had left her no farewell, for Albert kept his message to give her when alone. The meal went on, however, in spite of the heart-aches and misery throbbing beneath the laughter and the words of those assembled ; and if some noticed Vivienne's extreme quiet, and Blanche de Verdreuil's feverish gaiety, and the old count's stern grave face, they never thought of attribut- ing the facts to the news they had just heard. The long hours of that day dragged on ; how weary and how painful they were to Vivienne she alone knew. The Count de Verdreuil shut himself up in solitude ; Blanche exerted herself to interest and amuse her guests, and invented schemes for their enjoyment, as she dreaded a moment's quiet, or a moment's peace, that could give her time to think ; and at last Albert Hoffmann sought Vivienne's side, and told her of his pain and perplexity regarding Raoul ; she listened with a coldness and restraint alto- gether new to her, and it seemed to Albert so like indifference that his heart beat high with hope, and he said to himself, "She cannot care for Raoul, as I once feared ; she seems to have scarcely any interest for his affairs ; his absence apparently makes no difference to her ; how foolish I have been to fear it!" But through all that day the girl battled with this new pain, this sudden weariness of heart, this fierce, intolerable longing for one look, one word from the man who had left her so carelessly and cold ; when night came at last, and the noise and laughter and the tumult of the many voices died away, and she was free to tear the mask from her face, she threw herself on her knees by the open window of her room, and gave vent to a torrent of passionate grief, long pent up, long restrained, but whose very agony taught her at last the secret of her heart ; that bore her away from the shadow-land of fancies and of dreams, of pure, untroubled thoughts, and innocent, unquestioning enjoy- ment ; that showed her she was a child no longer. In this hour she learnt, the mingled torture, and sweetness, and shame of a woman's love when she knows that love unsought, yet cannot ever again withdraw it. The moonlight streamed through the win- dow, its softened radiance falling on her bowed head and masses of loosened hair, on the white, speechless agony of the young, fair face upturned for one swift moment to the starlit beams, then bending lower and lower, as if with the agony of its own shame, the knowledge of its own secret. So the moonlight left her, so the grey dawn found her, as the hours passed swiftly, silently along ; while she was all unconscious of their flight in this new pain that had come to her heart and shadowed her life. ____ CHAPTER V. COULD LOVE PART THUS? "Could love part thus, Was it not well to speak, To have spoken once?" Tennyson. A WEEK had passed since Raoul de Verdreuil had left Renonceux. A week during which s strange shadow, a strange cloud seemed to have fallen over the gaiety and brightness of the life at the chateau. Since his son's departure a settled gloom had changed the Count de Verdreuil's open, cheerful manner, to one unsettled, troubled, and spiritless. He was never seen to smile. Some heavy care weighed upon his brow, and lined and furrowed his cheeks ; and whispers went about of how at night, when the guests had separated and the lights were extinguished, and peace and darkness brooded over all, he would be seen wandering through the passages and galleries, candle in hand, and entering one room, a little room on the right of the grand reception-saloons ; and there he would sit for hours, never moving or stirring till the daylight roused him to himself once more, when he would wander back ash he came, more like an uneasy ghost than a living man ; and whispers went about of his failing health, and his failing mind, which daily grew more weak and childish, and the guests grew weary of the dulness of the chateau, and the forced, uncertain spirits of their hostess, and one by one they left it until it was almost deserted. There were strange rumours, too, coming no one knew how or whence, concerning the ward of the Countess de Verdreuil. Some said she was a peasant girl born on the estate ; others that Blanche had a deeper interest and nearer relationship to her than was supposed ; and Vivienne noticed the cold faces, and scornful words that were often visible, and scarcely concealed beneath the mask of courtesy ; noticed them with a dim wonder, a strange, listless indifference that sprang only from the pain of her heart and the weariness of her life as it was now. One hot September noon she came to the music-gallery, where Albert Hoffmann was altering and improving the score of the opera she had sung so successfully. She entered so quietly that he did not notice her till she went over to the window, and stood leaning half-wearily against it, while the soft light enfolded her, making her look beautiful beyond all words as his eyes rested on her face. A flash of eager delight rose to his own ; of late she had seemed to avoid him, and that she should at last voluntarily seek his favorite haunt, as in their old days of confidence and friendship, was to him a pleasure such as he rarely knew. He saw how pale she looked in the full radiance of the bright, soft light, and a swift pain shot through his heart. As he watched her she turned listlessly towards him. "Are you busy, Albert?" she said ; "don't let me disturb you. I only came here because it is so quiet and so cool." Albert's heart gave a throb of pain and disappointment at her languid, careless words ; then he said— "You never disturb me, Vivienne ; surely you know that all too well! Your presence is the deepest joy my life can know." She was silent. Indeed she scarcely heard him. Her thoughts were far away. Her heart was weary and oppressed. Trouble vague and nameless, was shadowing her life, and she had brought the thoughts and the troubles here. She had come to think them out in the solitude she had found so often —in the room of all others she loved the best. "Play to me," she said suddenly, never turning her eyes away from the wide sweep of the park before her and the beautiful avenue of trees beyond ; and Albert rose and went to the organ without a word. Looking at the slender figure leaning there with the light from the stained glass falling around it, he thought of the time when first he had seen her in a like attitude—in her poor peasant's dress and dusty shoes, but yet so beautiful in it all, that the rough coarse garments could not hide her natural grace, or delicate loveliness. Involuntarily his fingers wandered into the same air he had played to her then—only weaving into its tender melody now the passionate longings of his great, unspoken love—the prayers of imploring passion which filled his heart to overflowing in that moment. As he ceased the girl's face was white and drawn, as if with inward pain, and her hands were locked tightly together, while the misery in her eyes was beyond all words. "Vivienne!" he cried, puzzled and dis- tressed by her evident suffering, "is any- thing the matter with you? My darling speak to me. Your troubles are mine you know—do you not?" "It is nothing," she said hurriedly ; "only —why did you play that? Why did you bring back so vividly again all I was then— all I am now?" "Why, Vivienne," he said, in astonish- ment, "what do you mean? Are you not happier now, dear? are you not in a sphere of life more suitable in every way—"his voice trembled a little as he saw how the girl shrank from him, "or has any one offended you—pained you? You do not look like your fair bright self to- day!" "Oh, Albert," she cried impetuously, "I am wretched here! I want to go away from it all. I want to be independent of every one. I cannot live in this humiliation any longer. I cannot bear the whispers and wonders as to who I am. Oh, help me to act for myself ; to do something which will at least give the independence. I cannot— will not live at Renonceux any longer." "Vivienne," said the young man sadly, "this is a strange and sudden determination on your part. This home is as much yours as mine. The Countess de Verdreuil told me that she gave a solemn promise to your gran'mere to adopt and protect you, and you have seemed happy and contented all this time. Has any one said anything to make you feel your position?" "Oh, no ; but I can see it in their faces. I can read it in their looks. I know that I have no right to be with them as an equal until my birth is proved satisfactorily, and there is so much mystery about it all that I fear it is now impossible to ascertain any- thing." "Vivienne," said Alert, in a low, passion- ate voice, "my darling, I must speak at last. Vivienne, give me the right to protect you. No whisper shall ever be breathed against you then. I have dreamt and thought of you since first I saw you standing there, my beautiful queen. I have dreamed that one day I might stand before you and tell you how deathless and true a love is mine, how little it asks from you, except to make you happy evermore—if you will let me do it, Vivienne. For you I will win fame and honor and success—for you I can work and toil unceasingly. See already how much I have done ; but it is nothing—nothing to what I will do for one little word of hope from you, my darling—for one whisper of encouragement to tell me it is not quite in vain. "Oh, hush, Albert!" cried the girl, her white face upraised now, and her lips quiver- ing with the pain his words had given her. "I never thought of this, of your caring for me in this way. I have looked upon you as a brother always, and oh, forgive me, Albert, if it pains you to hear it, as it grieves me to say it, I can never look upon you as any- thing else. Oh, God forgive me!" she cried, turning away from the agony she saw in his face. "What have I done that this should come upon me too?" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 'i ^ 