TURF NEWS^ i!3000 to ^S300 ! That was the price asked for on Friday aboafc Frisco's show iu the Hawkesbury Handicap without lead ing to business, and then the pan was whipped out and run through his name on the scratching board. . I don't imagine that it was done for the purpose of pre venting the publio from losing their money. More likely it was done in the near or temper. AC any rate the offer was a reasonable one, and would not have hurt the ring had they laid it, aa they stood very much worse about fully half-a-dozen others, and not a few of the pisncillera regret that they did not close with the offer. Tho entries which have b«en received for the Spring Meeting of tho Townsville Turf Club are most satisfactory, and promise a rattling good day's sport on the 28th instant. There are sixteen in the Flying Handicap, eleven in the Selling Race, eighteen in the September Cup, ten in the Corinthian, twenty-two in the Spring Handicap, and fifteen in the Farewell Handicap. At a meeting of the committee of the Townsville Licensed Victuallers, held on Friday night, August 31, it waa decided to hold a. race meeting at Cluden on November 9, the added money to be £255. Among the marea booked to viaifc the imported horse Buckthorpe are My Lady, Cantoniere, Lauriutina, and Atalanta. It iB stated that Prima Djnna has loat hor foal to Roodee. Fifty-two public trainers in England entered a protest against the profession being brought under tho Livery Stablea Act, and expresaed an opinion that better results would accrue if a tax of 2J per cent, were deducted fiom all winnings of racehorses. The American champion, The Bard, iB reported to havo broken down, and is not likely to race again. A rumour having gained ground to tho effect that the disease known as nasal disease has been prevalent among the Duckenfield Park stud, it is only just to the nronrietor. fchA H nn. -T-tV-n T^.ilno *« I publish the appended certificate : —'Rand- wick, September 9, 1888. Thia ia to certify that on the fifth day of September, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, at the request of the Hon. John Eales, of Dackenfield Park, I made a most careful examination of the following thoroughbred stallions, viz.,— Grandmaster, Henchman, Crown Prince, Glentilt, and New Holland, specially for the purpose of aacertaining if either or any of them were affected with any form of hereditary disease likely to affect their progeny ; and more especially with reference to the existence of the malady known as ' nasal disease.' I am of opinion that the above mentioned horses are constitutionally sound and free from any hereditary or contagious disease. I also carefully examined twelve thorough bred yearling colta, and nine fillies, as well as a large atud of brood marea, and other thoroughbred stock, and I did not detect any one of them showing the slightest symptom of hereditary or contagious dis ease. (Signed) Fbedekick William Day, Member of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons.' We think we are correct (says the Canterbury Times) in stating that the negotiations for the sale of Lochiel to an American sportsman have not resulted in business. It is tolerably certain that t- horse will remain here, but this doe3 not make him a 100 to 12 chance in the New Zsaland Cup, and we would agaiu caution backers against accepting a false priu ? about laat year's winner, who may play second fiddle to one of his stable com panions. Auckland Cup is brought forward to the first day of the Summer Meeting, and the Derby is put back to the second day. From an Engliah exchange we extract the following pertinent remarks upon the vexatious prosecutions newspaper pro prietors are at times called upon to defend : — ' Lord Coleridge took occasion, in his summing up of the evidence in the Wood v. Cox turf libel caae, to make some very proper remarks upon the recklesa manner in which the publio prosecutor granta hiBfiat for the criminal prosecution of newspaper proprietors for trumpery libels ? Of course very few persons are so ignorant of the vexatious prosecutions which are sometimes com menced against newspaper men as Lord Coleridge appears to have been; but that judge ia none the less to be commended for the very hearty way in which he ^ensured such proceedings as soon as the knowledge of their existence reached him. Now that he has so Btrongly re-enu,aoiated the old doctrine that no prosecution of the kind ought to be allowed, except where the libel is so seriou3 as to occasion a probable breach of the peabe, it id to be hoped that the official prosecutor will be a mn rn oVinrv nf rrr-inf in (T hip iint. in thft future. This doctrine seema to have been quite ignored of late years, and it is high time that it should be revived.' An exchange says : — Here is one of the many readable paragraphs in ' The Book maker as He Is' : ' It is urged that bet ting i3 gambling ; that all gambling^ is wrong; therefore all who make a living out of it are unworthy of being con8idered either aa useful or even respectable members of society. This argument cor reaponds somewhat to the famous one of Hume against Christianity. He say8 that ' it^ is contrary to experience that miracles are-«lme, but it is not contrary to ex perience that testimony, niay be false. Therefore no amount ot testimony TO-uld warrant belief in a miracle.' The fallacy in both cases exists in the ambiguity of the term \ised in the premises. What is meant by'e&rfftary; k- experienco.' and what is meant by ' gambling ' P We will of course confine ourselves to the latter word. 'What ia gambling ?' I believe the law defines gambling as playing for any stake above the value of j210. This may be law, bnt that it is not common sense must bo obvious to even the weakest intelligence. Suppose Baron Rothsohild backs a horse for .£20 ; he is not gambling, nor can any one call him a gambler. He^ risks a sum of money to him so small that it cannot be of the slightest consequence whether he wins or loses. Suppose I And my office-boy, whose salary, saj , is 12i. a week, tossing in the street for orowns ; he is a gambler in the highest Bense of the word, and as such I should instantly dismiss him.' From Wellington (N.Z.) we hear that the Racing Club has secured a lease of the Island Bay course for training purposes, whioh, in otflet1 wbrds;'ihe£n^at the ..T-imand Bay Club is defunot. Thia isxrdly I to be wondered at. l'h^re is not roons^ Wellington, or in any town in New' Zealand, for two large clubs, and it was a question of time aa to one or the other caving in. In the case now before ns it is perhaps better for the interests of the turf that things should have turned out as they have; and yet the death of the junior club at Wellington will not be hailed with undiluted Joy, for it was a well-conducted body, and a plupky ono too, and bo far as it was able it steered clear of (itfliaion with its neighbours. It would, ljprever, be a mistake to try agaiq the ex peiriment of a Becond club up there. Tho 113th English St. Leger waa run on Wednesday, and was won by' Lord Cal thorpe's oh f Sea Bredzo, with Lord ' Brad ford's Chillington second, and Mr. Manton's Zanzibar third. The winner is by Iaonomy from St. Marguerite, ond for monthB past has held a forward place in the betting, consequently there waa little surprise whon the new8 was fiaahed through. Tho filly cannot be called a con sistent one, aa Bhe haa on several occasions gone down when heavily baoked. ' Among her wins, however, may be mentioned Asoot Thirtieth Biennial Stakes, Good wood HanrStakes, N& wmarkcfc B uckenham Stakes, Boscawen Stakes, Fortieth Trien nial Produce Stakes, and the Oaks. Chil lington ia still a maiden, as ia Zanzibar. Mr. Thomaa Watson haa generously ten dered his services free of charge to the Carrington Centennial Hospital Race Meeting to be held at-R:sohill to-day. The name of Blink Bonny is far from being forgotten. Nearly the third of a century haa elapsed since the daughter of Melbourne landed a 20 to 1 chance in the Derby, and followed it np two days later by winning the Oaks, notwithstanding that Charlton broke hia stirrup leather during the race. How many readers could say what became of tho famou3 mare ? i (' Rapier') did not know till tho other day,' but am told that her skeleton was set up, and now stands in the natural history de partment of the York Museum, and close to it is the stirrup which gave way in the race for the Oaks. In an adjoining room hang the leg bars and irons which secured Dick Turpin during his confinement in York Castle, where he waa executed in 1739\. ' Two Yorkshire celebrities of wonderful pluck and spirit,' says my in formant, lumping together the mare and tho man. I suppose Black Bes8 was a flyer—a stayer she waB beyond t.11 doubt but imagine the combination of Dick Turpin and Blink Bonny !' A Now Zealand sporting writer says : — Facts that have come to my knowledge during the past few days satisfy me that Lochiel will not win this year's New Zea land Cup. If Mr. Stead ia going to have a say in thia race it will havo to be with one of the other membera of his team. I may bo mistaken ; if so, I shall soon be aware of the mistake, and will take an early opportunity of putting my readers on the alert. Meanwhile I would advise them to stand off Lochiel. He is certainly not worth so short a price as 100 to 12'. The marketable good of the hour are Carbine and Exchange Both are fancied by the best judges at Riccarton, the former for choice, as it is not certain that the son of Rupee will stand the final gallopa. I should not, however, be surprised to see some thing else come with a rattle and depose both of theso colts before the month is out. What this something else Mill be I do not care to predict. 2*. u, ^.laenuau punuuier, jjuuxa ju. v-uuu, recently secured an injunction- before Judge Jamieaon; restraining the Wash ington ' Park Club from putting him off the racecourse. He claimed he waa intereated in certain racehorses,, in addition to which he would lose lOOdol. a' week aa a bookmaker if kept off the track. He waa forcibly ejected, though provided with a regular ticket. He says the only reason for the club's action is that he waa ejected by the Louisville Jockey Club some time ago. Cohn waa warned off the Louiaville track in 18S6' on complaint of Stoval, the jockey, who swore he offered him money to pull Finality in a race of three-quarter-mile heats. Cohn aays the te8timony of Stoval should not be received. The matter was to have been argued on- the 1st inst., and until then Cohn was to have the privilege of the conrse. . His Excellency Lord Carrington, Lady Carrington, and suite will be present at Rosehill to-day, and will arrive by. way of the Parramatta River. It ia stated.on good authority that the New Zealand colt Carbine will leave to day for Melbourne. The trotting mare Stella S. has bjen taken in hand by Blott. The sale of thoroughbred horses and ponies to take place at Mr. John Bennett's residence, Brush Farm, has been post- poned until Monday next. Trainers requiring good boxes and ample accommodation would do well to give Mr. J. Finn, of 27-, Hutchinson-street, Surry Hilla, a call. He ha8 eight splendid, roomy stalls unoccupied, and, as the locality ia- a very quiet one, it ia ad mirably suited for racehoraes, while the distance from Rand wick i8 trifling. Horae owners and trainora are once more reminded that nominations for Patrick's Plains Jockey Club handicaps, comprising the Flying, Singleton, Stewards', Shorts, Jocsey LauD ana r ree, Close on oaiuruay next, the 22nd, with the seoretary, Mr. John Wilson. The importance of the Caulfield Cup Meeting, run under the auspices of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, needs no comment, but for fear owners and trainers should by accident forget, we remind them that entries close on Monday next, the 24th, for the undermentioned events : — First Day. — Caulfield Stakes, 600 sovs, 1} mile and . a distance : Handicap Hurdle Race, 260 sovs, 2 miles; The Australian Hunters' Cup, 150 bovs, about 2 J miles ; and Toorak Handicap of 200 bovs, 1 mile. Second Diy. — Maiden Plate, 200 sovs, 1 mile ; Selling Race, 150 bovs, 5 furlongs ; Open Steeplechase, 300 aovs, about 2J. miles ;. and Windsor Handicap, 200 sova, 6 furlongs. Weighta for the Toorak Han dicap, Hurdle Race, and O pen S teeplechase, . will appear on uccooer i ; nursery ana Windsor, October 16. For further par ticulars see our busineaa columns. The Brighton races in England, which followed the Goodwood Meeting, were this year carried out under most extraordinary circumstances. On each of the three utys a ' sea fog' prevailed, obscuring a vie-v uf' the course boyond a couple of hundred yards or so, and in many instances the reporters had to get their information from, the joaVeys. The Brighton Stakes (handi cap)i'was won by Lord Bradford's Fretwork,, by Springfield— Adversity, 4yrs, 7st, with ;Lord William Beresford'e Oberon, by Galopin — Wheel of Fortune, 5yre, Sat 12ib, second, and Mr. C. J. Merry'a Munchauaen,. by Muncaster — Meteorn, Syrs, 5st Illb, third. Oberon was favourite in. a field of 11, and the winner started at 100 to 9i The Bcighton Cup (weight for age), 1 mile, i was reduced to three starter,3, of whom (i to ? was laid on Mr. Abington's. Whitefriar, by Hermit — Lady Blanche, 5yrB, ridden by the*owner, but he finished a bad. laat, and the winner waa Mr. A. Victory's Ingonda, by Charibert— Infanta, 2yra, 8tarting at the forlorn price of 100 to 12; with Mr. Briokman's Assassin, by Zjealot— Outrig, 4yrs, second, at 100 to 60i The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Deniliquin Jookey Club was held at the Royal Hotel on Wednesday last. The following gentlemen were present Messrs. Watson, Evans, Fried man, M'Collough, Heriot, Tredrea and Virgoe. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and ? ? !? ? l.~ 01-T O , nrn-A accounts amounting w am passed for payment. An aooount from the Royal Hotel was held over for farther par ticulars. The bank book showed a credit of .£92 Os. 4d. In view of an application for the use of the oourae by the Deniliquin Amateur Turf Olub two notices of motion . ?_ ? r ? itf m f/\ were given, num i**.*. ^ charges for visitors to thec-oVr^^°'terJ??to ^ abolished ; and the ofcheTl^fe^Z^0' S 1 n Amateur Turf Club^ptyfwS^^ ?! the course next year they coui^BMiibk conditionally that they impose the same ohargeB for entrance fees, membera' sub scription' &o.;, aa the Deniliquin Jookey Club. Mr. Virgoe, in pursuance of motion previously given, moved that the mode of runnning on the Deniliquin racecourse be changed from right- handed, as at present, to- left-handed, aa on the Victorian oourses. _ He said that a large number of nominations wero lo3t every year through tha way the races were run. At Djniliqain they had to depend on looal and Victorian horsea, and those from Melbourne could not train on a right-handed course, as the management declined to allow horaes to run that way for fear of collisions. Hj also suggested that a sub-committee, con sisting of Messrs. Heriot, Friedman, Tredrea, the secretary and himself, inspect tho oourae and bring up a report at tie next meeting showing an estimate of the coat of the alterationB. The motion wa; seconded by Mr. Evana and oairied, an I the seoretary wis instructed ;to. .^dviB9 tile principal sporting papers of the new de parture. On tho motion of Mr. Evans, seconded by Mr. Virgoe, a vote of thanks was paased to Messrs. Falkiner, M'Crae, Officer, Bri8 Neal and Sir W. J. Clarke for special donations s;nt by them to the funds of the club in connection with the lato^ meeting. Mr. Heriot gave notice of motion that he would propose at the next ordinary meeting of the committee that a fine of 450 be imposed on Mr. F. L Parker, the starter at the late. Midwinter Meeting, for starting a race on the wrong side of the post. It was_agreed, on the motion of Mr. Virgoe, seconded by Mr. M'Collough, that Mr. E G. Cronin be a honorary member of the olub for two years, in consideration of services rendered in connection with the laying out of the training track. Following are the latest scores to hand of tho English jockeys i — J. Watts, 274 mounts, 62 wins ; F. Barrett, 319 mounts, 61 wina ; S. Loatea, 220 mountB, 47 wins ; W. Robinson, 263 mounts, 46 wina; F. Kickaby, 270 mounts, 41 wins; and F. Weldon, 132 mounts, 31 wins. Maryborough (Q.) Jockey Club Summer Meeting is set down for December 31 and uauuuij x. The conditions of the Summer Cup have been announced. The stake ia one of 10 aova each, two forfeit, with 500 bovb added. Entries close on October 10. A trotting match in buggies for £i0 took place on Saturday between Free trader, the property of Mr. Woodcraft, ,.Cooma, and a pony belonging to Mr Lannowe, of Kiah Lake, a distance of 20 miles, the courBe being from Berridale to the post-office, Cooma. Freetrader led all the way, closely followed by the pony, and won the race by 100yds, the time being lh. 18imin. There were tno per sons in each buggy, each about list weight. The Plunger wa3 awarded first prize in the blood' stock show at the Albury Exhi bition, with Horatio second. Trainers' and jockey's tickets of admiB sion for the A.J.C. Meeting, which com mences on Saturday next, will be issued until 4- o'clock on the 20th and 21st instant. The Ascot StakeB, run at Calcutta, waa won by the Australian-bred horse The Ghost, with Cupola, another 'native born,' second. The latter got home first, but was disqualified for crosaing.. Progress, First King, Boolka, Golds brough, Richmond, !St. Leger, Grand Flaneur, . Neckersgat* The Assyrian, Mon mouth, Martini-Henri, Robinson Crusoe, Albury, Cheviot* Calma, Noidenfeldt, Sar donyx, Gang Forward, Newminster, Tren ton and Chester are among the sires sub acribing to the V R.C. Sires' Produce St ikes of 1892; It is stated on good authority that Little Norman was originally purchased for JE50. If that be correct his owner was recouped by the colt's second in the Hobartville Plate, and aa he won the Hawkesbury l'wo-year-old Stakes, valued at 100' sots, this young gentleman has more than cleared his way. Mr. W. Forrester, of Warwick Farm, looks like having a great colt in Dalley, by Kingsborough — Modesty. This gentleman purchased him Irom Mr. Martin Caples for 4200,- and at that figure I think he is cheap. Dalley ia parhapa the best grown colt of the season, and in such astute hands-should soon give a good account of himselfi Modesty threw a full sister to Dalley on tho 2 .id inst., and goes to Kings borough again. Backers bf Elaie in the Ro3ehill Cup were not rewarded by seeing the mare gen well- away at th© start, as she was the last to move. During the race she is reported to have slipped down, and if that be so her -1 ? ? nrnw. oaoiMIdIv infflf. fered. with. Keith and Touchstone collided while running, so that Firat Flaneur's victory is not such a meritorious one as it would have been had no mishaps occurred. The- Hurdle Raoe to be run under the an°pioe8 of the Sydney Hunt Club is. un-ict selling conditions, and not confined to amateur riders. Only the Welter Race and Steeplechase are excluded from profes sional riders. The bookmakers had the worst of the bargain at Rosehill on Wednesday, but as the commissions weee effeoted in the in terests of a few the publio benefited nothing over their losses. Mr. Robert Sharpe has purchased the blood stallion Goldsworth from Mr. Alex M'Naught at a satisfactory figure. Mr. Alex Robertson has parted with the racehorse Patch. At a meeting of the committee of th Fitzroy Pastoral Society- at Rockhaiupton it was resolved on a divi8ion, 'Not to assist the National Association in endea vouring to net a tax upon stallions mada imperative.** Mr. P. E. Dalzell, of Brisbane, has sold Maritana to Mr. T. Sinolair ; the ^hurdle horse Flether was thrown in, Sinolair get ting the pair for £120. Faith, property of Mr. J. Phillips, is full sister to Whitton and a sister in blood toi Greywing and Touchstone— her dam, Hogs,, being sister to Grey Esperance, by Yatten-* don — Esperanoe, &c.; At Ulonourry, wnere Keoeiiion wuniwiu races off the reel, Casino, once knowa at Warwiok and Eagle Farm, aoquired a less enviable notoriety by running a third and three seconds also off the reel; to. Rebel lion eaoh time. The fixings for the Candelo Turf Club Spring Meeting will be sold at Tattersall's on the 24th of this month. The day of the Candelo Races nas Deen postponed, we believe in deferenoe to the wiah of their Bega neighbours, fromThurs- day 4th to Saturday, Ootober 6. At the Cooktown Races La Prix won idywe events, viz. : Tho Flying Handioap, 'fNsjjte, and Shorts. £ 1 111 BayB Mr. Barns, for-,. The BoomenPII^-mVL and at merly of MarybonHBMhfijjM^^H secretary of by value his Suable of preBentation^^^^^^^^^^^^^H from the as a step untoward to races, every making more f with the economy which preceded it, and it would have been better had the recog nition of the hon. seeretary's services been ; postponed until the finances of the club J were in a sounder position. The committee of Tattersall's Club have d'ecid'ed to recommend the purchase of the freehold site occupied By the buildings known- as Pomeroy Chambers, in Castle reagh- street, and a meeting of members haB been called for the 26th to deal with the matter. The right to the entrance gate, booths, &c.;, for the- ensuing meeting of the A.J.C. was disposed1 of at auction on Monday by Mr. G. Kiss; and realised a total of 42806. The entrance gates contributed 41450, the St. Leger Reserve 41000 and the Leger Re serve booths 42B0. Monday's Bcratchings made at the office I of the A.J.C. consisted Of:— Hurdle Race — Kildare ; Steeplechase — Kildare, Ayr shire ; Epsom Handicap — Keith ; Derby Royalist, Fine Lady, Redfern; 'Oaks- Fine Lady ; Second Foal Stakes— Redfern. Tbe Hawkcabury Club cleared 4500 by the Spring Meeting. The attendance waa the largeat ever known. Marlborough has been withdrawn from the Waltham Watch Trophy, to be run at Rosehill today. Mr. E. S. Rowe has taken Re8olve, Baffler and Warlike to Shoalhaven, to participate in the United Turf Club's Meeting. ' Word comes from- Melbourne that St. Albans, the sire of Malua and a hoat of our leading horses, had to be destroyed on Saturday. St. Albans was ailing for a considerable time, and no alternative was left but to put an end to his sufferings. Following is a correct liat of the prizes won at the recent Hawkesbury Race Meet ing.-— John Mayo, 4350; W. Gannon, 4241 10a.; W. Kelso, 4210; J. Northern,1 4120; W. Benson, 4120 ; A. E. Cornwell, 4110 ; J. White, 4100 ; W. Wilman, 4100 ; J. Phillips, 490; J. Cornwall, 490; J. Cook, 453 10s ; A. Town, 450 (breeder of Brown Alice); E. S. Rowe, 450; P. J. Cox, 440; W. Gosper, 4301;. J.'Monaghan, 428 5s. ; W. Evans, 4201; T. Donoghoe, 420; W. Forrester, 420 ?; J. Sandon, 410; R. B. Pell, 410 ; S. Fielder, 410 ; total, 41870 5j. The Shepparton Turf Club ia in the field with a meeting for October 4, when half a dozen interesting events will claim the attention of horseowners. First on the list is the Handicap Hurdle Race, of 30 sovs., about li mile ; followed by the Belling Race, ot 20 sovs., about 6 furlongs ; Shepparton Handicap, 50'sovs,, about 1 j mile; Bookmakers' Purse,. 25, sovs, about 1 mile ; Moira Handicap, 2S- bovs, about 6 furlongs ; and Flying Handicap, 20 sovs, about 6 furlongs. Nominations close with the secretary on Tuesday next,. September 25, at ,9 p.m., weights are promised on the 20th ; and acceptances are-due on October 2, at 9 p.m. Mr. Benzon, so well known in Australia, and who* on his return to -England, under, two years ago, went with a fortune, variously estimated at from 4250,000 to 4400,000, has at last collapsed. He was not present at Goodwood; not having settled over the previous -week's Sandown Park Meeting, and at the former place hiB horse Castor was not allowed to start. The whole of hiB racing stud was shortly to be Bold. One of Mr. Benzon'a latest financial transactions was a bill of sale of 410,000 on 17 racehorses with a London bill dis counter, and interest at the rate of 60 per cent, per annum. It ia stated that most of Mr. Benzon's money has been lost at cards. The general meeting of the members of the Victoria Amateur Turf Olnb will be held at Menziea*' Hotel on Monday, the 1st prox. The retiring members of the com mittee are Messrs. A. R. Blackwood, B. Power, J. Grice, and O. I-. O'Halloran, who are eligible for- re-election. Members de siroua of becoming candidates for the com mittee must send- in their names before next Saturday. Mr. J. J. Miller has three valuable trotting horses-on board the incoming San Francisoo mail-steamer. One is Red Wind, a stallion, by. Red Wilt, and the others Red Rose and-Lucvetia, the former by Bed Wilk and the latter by -Mambrino 'Boy, Junior. The mares are in foal to the. Kentuckn Btallion Wilton.l The Platsburg and Wallsend Turf Club-, have decided, to hold a meeting on October 6, when, the following programme will be put through A Flying Handicap of 455; 7 furlongs ;: Members' Handicap of 41&\- 6; furlongs ;; Welter Handicap of 420, 1 mile ;. Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club. Handicap of 440, 1 mile 1 furlong ; Hurry, Sourry Race of 46, 6 furlongs ;; and Farewell Handicap of 420, 8 furlongs. Tha-entriea for the Flying, Plattsburg and Wallsend, Amateur Turf Club, the Mem bers'; the Welter, and the FarewelLHandi caps. close at 6 p.m. on Monday, .the 2.4th instant. We wian once more to remind owners ot .stallions that nominations for the Sydney Driving Park Club Sires' Produce StakeB, to.be run in Ootober, 1891, for, then two year-olds, close with the secretary on Friday, the 28th inst. Sires. must also be nominated the same time andi plaoe for the three-year-old Sirea' Produoe Ntakes to be trotted at the March meeting of 1893. Full particulars and conditions will be found in our buaineas columnB. Entries olose to-morrore ^Thursday) for the monthly race and trotting meeting to be held under the control of the Sydney Driving Park Club on Wednesday next, September 26 (the off day of the A.J. C.), . when the following events require at tentiou : — tiiiiiu, otaw, sovs., mile heats, best two in three ; Handicap Pony Race (13.2 and under), 15 aova, $ mile; Handicap Galloway Race, 30 sovs., 1 mile ; Timo Handicap Trot, 50) sovs, 2 miles ; Handicap Pony Race (16- hands and under), 25 sovs., 1 mile ; and Selling Raco, sovs., 1 mile. Full par-i ticulars from Mr. MorlSy, at 56, Hunter-. 