SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. (By 'The Astrologer.') (Who knows whate'er is to be known ; But much more than he knows will own.) Melbourne, Monday. \- Caulfield Jottings. The first day's racing at Caulfield haa ? kinder upset calculations a little, Ijgktfn. ' Mentor* s performance in the openw event, the Caulfield Stakes, of a mile anf a quarter ; ? ;and a.distance, was a bit of if staggerer, A for although the bay son of fwiveller and ^ j£r Nightmare held (in conjnncfton with Ben Bolt) the mile and a qu%ter record in Austialia— 2min 8j3ec ie had aohieved that with the handicap height of 7st lllb, and albeit he has oeen knocking the 'stuffing completely £ut of Enfilade on the training track Flemington of a morn ing, these wer$ not sufficient grounds to base a dec^fioQ upon that he would be able to -jfat; down such veritable equine ^ .giant^aa Carlyon, Malua, Australian Peer PBPWL. „ ';;'£flj'Enaign at weight- for-age. This much can be said in the Peer's favour, that he was carrying a 71b penalty ; but for the others no plea can be put forward to account for their defeat. They were eacli and all better supported in the betting than Mr. D. S. Wallace's horse, and as far as the race itself was concerned, had all ^ the best of the position for three- fourths of the journey. The pace was only mode rate for half the distance, and Mentor was \- then completely out of the hunt to all ap pearance; but when he did come it waa like a shot out of a gun, Sam Cook's horse -Cyclops being the only one able to live' with nim at all. I made the last round -v,, (a mile and a quarter and sixty-four yards) \- -J . 2min 15jsec, which would return the mile ?and a quarter as being traversed in about 2min ll$sec, exceedingly good for Caufield, when it must be remembered that the pace was never properly put on by Mentor until the last six furlongs. Another thing that makes the go even better than it reads is the fact that Mentor is susceptible of still further improvement before the first Tuesday in November, as Walter Hicken feotham has not thoroughly wound him up yet. Should he be successful in doing bo, and if he cannot then the task is an im possible one, whatever beats him will just about annex the great two-mile event of thd year. Turning to the second horse, I come to another very important factor in the distribution of the JB3000 added money; for it must not be forgotten that Cyclops will meet Mentor on 41b better terms in the Melbourne Cup than he did on Saturday, when he was conceding him 41b. In the Cup they are both on the fist 31b mark, and as the St. Albans — Jewess horse has displayed hia partia lity for a distance (having run second and third to Matcnlook and Trident respectively for the Champion Stakes and second to Carlyon for the Looh Plate, in whioh he was carrying 8st. 61b. to the winner's 8jt. 51b., and at one portion of the journey brought the fcig gun to the whip, the two miles being skipped in 3min. 35$seo.)—r repeat, as Cyolops has displayed his partiality for a distance whilst Mentor is an unknown quantity over a mile and three-quarters, when with 7at. 21b. he pot defeated in the last Geelong Gold Cap by Gardenia with 8st. lllb.; there bannot be much to choose between the pair, the preference, if any, being for the approved animal over the distance. Cyclops, though looking bloom ing, was also not quite cherry ripe in the Caulfield Stakes, and as the stable are evidently in great form this spring, I -expect to find him rendering even a better .account of himself in the immediate future. But then Miles' boy Bays that Samuelo's . -other Melbourne Cup candidate, The Teo -man, is coming on like a house' a-fire, and 'if so he may be the elect on the day, when X shall take precious good care that he doesn't start without me having pieces on him. And while on this subject let me tell you a little anecdote which will tend to prove that all going well we are likely to have a 'tremenjus' struggle for the Melbourne Cup thi3 year. Coming home from Caulfield chance landed me in the same carriage as Mr. W. E. Dakin, about whose horae, Whakawai, the large wager of .820,000 to £1000 in one hand has juBt been recorded, the layer being Mr. Joseph Thompson. Chatting with him anent the day's doings, we naturally adverted to Mentor's brilliant display; but whilst giving him every credit for it, there was an unmistakable sparkle in the veteran trainer's visual organs as he remarked, SBIAaRt been otb of when* he swung over the Cup distance comfortably in 3min 52aeo) and is in per fect condition, he is bound to be there or thereabouts at the finish.: On Saturday s running the top weights Bhould not have the ghost of a show with Mentor, Cyolops, The Yeoman, and Whakawai ; but, there, I remind me that Malua lfi such a peculiar horse— 1 might even say, suoh a very pecu liar animal— that you never can tell how soon he may reverse his form. He looked well enough— hardly so round and firm looking as I have Been him, ,bufc still a ' king among them a' ' and as there are still three weekB left for him to develop in, I will not include him in the beaten divi sion yet awhile. . There was one very remarkable ciroum stance in connection with the Caulfield Stakes, whioh has caused me considerable perturbation — that being, how it oame to pass that the winnetf went out at the prioe he did, and that virtually there was only one horse .in the betting, and that horse Ensign. Ton would imagine that with Buch a real good thing as the result made it appear for Mentor his owner would have made his price shorten a bit ; but nary a shorten. Can it be possible that the One eyed Gunner upset all calculations, and that had he not put in suoh a substantial Maim for the 600 sovs things might have been different ? Perhaps so ; for Ineednt tell you that in horseraoing things are not always what they seem. It was bruited abroad on Saturday be fore the Caulfield Stakes, that it was the correct thing to 'put your shirt' on Malua therefor ; but there didn't seem to be many singlets even knocking about, as the bookies were vociferous in their clamour of ' Four to one Malua !' There should have been only one in the Great Foal Stakes after the fall of the flag, as Mr. S. Miller's filly Karda (by St. Albans out of Senorita) get suoh an advan tage at the start that it looked the pro verbial guinea to 'a gooseberry that she would never be headed. Britomarte a full sister toNewatead /by Neokersgat: —Ada), in Walter Hiokenbotham's stable, was left at the post, and as she eventually finished third it will pass without saying that she covered herself with glory by her achievement. So did the winner, Montalto, whose name I made familiar to readers of the Refbreb fully three months ago. She proved herself to be a perfect lady; the only reason for me not including her. in my selections for the event last week being that I felt morally7 certain Mr. Donovan would not .risk his chance of the Maribyrnong Plate by incurring a 14lb penalty. Something or other must have caused him to change his. mind at the eleventh hour— perhaps Koket by's lmin. 5Jseo. for five furlongs on the sand at Flemington on Saturday morning; or suddenly recollecting the old adage that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. Whatever it was, he aoted very judiciously, and after her display in the FOal Stakes there are not wanting thogg^ -r^irfnriniy maintain thatJ(^ ''''^Xiialty will not stop her ijJjvT^Fi^Hribyrnong Plate. But I .tlaik it will. I was muoh surprised Vera's exhibition. She is a wonderfully well-bred (St. Albans— Gladys) and fast filly, and yet she finished second last. _ It may be attributable to greenness, it being the first, time she has raced; but it was not her true form by a very long way, .as you will find out some day. Lady Agnes is a beautiful filly, with something nnre than good looks to recom mend her ; as the breeding is undeniable — Neckersgat out of Peradventure, half sister to Guesswork, who was by Gang Forward out of the same dam. She is a long way behind Montalto, though and you must not place too much reliance on the time, as 524aec was a great deal nearer to it than 51$sec. Hartlands, the full brother toMaddelina (Neckersgat— Meg Merrilees) finished fourth; Sinecure, who' was re ported by a Sydney sporting scribe to have run three furlongs under 36sec on the tar^ track at Randwiok, getting no nearer than fifth. Notwithstanding that he came in fifth in a field of six for the Caulfield Grnneas, Redbourne ran a iairly good colt for four furloiga, he and Wyvis being in the van. He is a long way from his best at present ; albeit' his best is never likely to be any thing but a long remove from Volley or Wycombe's best. His stable companion, Beryl, is not worth - a rap on hard going. Like all the Muskets, she is badly hoofed, and although the sister, to Nordenfeldt has pace and stamina enough' to win a Derby, as soon as her hoofs jar, she sticks her toes in the ground, and will not gallop a yard. ' Given a wet day and soft going, she will upset a big pot one of these days. Although - Volley vindicated my judgment by winning the Guinea?, I will not stand her for the V.R.C. Derby. Her performance was a good sound one ; but if none of your New South WaleB division put her down I shall confidently expect Chetwynd, the brother to Hortenae, and . Joe Morrison's stable to do so. The filly ran gamely enough, but yet it seemed to me that the win was a very long way oft Derby form, and that if she got home at the end of a mile and a half with 8st. 51b. up the field would have to be a mediocre - lot indeed. And I am perfectly satisfied that Joe Morrison's covey is something above mediocrity. Our Victorian handieappers do not seem to have the strength of Mr. Septimus Miller's steeplechase horses by very long chalks. Five or six events have fallen to them in succession, and they seem to win when they like with ridiculous ease. In the Australian Hunters' Cup, Geelong, with list. 31b., waited on the field till ap proaching the sod wall, when he ran up to them, winning in a canter by half a dozen lengths from Narrung, who pulled up immediately, the winning post was passed. ' Give a dog a bad oame, and you may as well hang him right off,' is a very old and a very trite saying, and it was never better exemplified than at the finish of the Australian Hunters' Cup. Rightly or wrongly, Mr. J. O. Inglis is unpopular indeed among horsey folk, and when his mount, Daphne, after being 20 lengths to the bad on clearing the last obstacle, overhauled his field hand-over-fist, and finished fourth, there were hootings loud and continuous. But 'twas ever thus. Your punter is a fearsome wild-fowl in deed, who will applaud a rider like Teddy Power to the echo one day, when he happens to prove successful, and the next will hurl anathemas at bis devoted head because he happens to be unluoky enough to play second fiddle. Daphne's run was certainly a marvellous one, but, all the same for that, the circumstances of the case did not warrant the olamorous demonstration made against Mr. Inglis, who has never found se many friendly oritics among sporting writers as he has over this affair. Ab an example, I will quote what the Argus reporter says thereanent : — ' The run whioh Daphne made towards the finish evidently led some to think that she should have been nearer the winner, and some remarks were made from the grand- stand whioh the rider was unwise enough to notice by suggesting that perhapB some of the on lookers would like to ride the mare over a ieniMsj.— n |BHHp0TOuBt have struok hard at [^^^sSrtimes in the race, and twice she was kept on her legs when, a fall seemed a certainty She ran down her fences, too, in the ? most unpleasant way, and to have ridden her at any pace would have been to court disaster. Very few thoughtful people blamed Mr.. Inglis for setting a higher value upon his own neck than upon the money oE strangers. Further, it may be borne in mind that in riding, as in other things, daring is one quality, and foolhardiness quite another.' Now, that is fair and generous oritioism ; but here, in Viotoria, we have for some years seen suoh a system of making ' fish of one and flesh of another obtaining that we are apt to get a little warped in our ideas, and view everything with a jaundiced eye. We have, times out of number, seen what appear to be privileged ruffians, whose positions are seemingly unassailable, and who therefore go unwhiyt of justice. Let the poor unfortunate stable-boy obey his master's orders, and do anything ' oronk,' and straightway he is debarred from earning a living for aye; but let the greatest blackleg and swindler in the country but be possessed of ^wealth and pose as a gentleman, and a divinity doth immediately hedge him in absolutely impervious. You have, doubtless, some of this fraternity up your way, though, as I have told you before, I am positive we could give your ohampion the apprentice allowance and a beating. We are, how ever, living iu hopes of some of them meeting with their deserts sooner or l^ter, and then the plaoe that knew them shall know them no more. They will have Gone from the scene of their swindles ; Gone where no tonffueoan tell; Gone it may hap to Heaven ; There are scoundrels enough in Hell* Caulfield Cup Contingencies. It is conceded on all hands that The Charmer must needs.be 'good goods— wery ' for this event if she is better than | her stable companion Remus, who ran | something more than respeotably in the Toorak Handicap, of 1 mile, on Saturday, with the steadier of 83t lllb np. ihat eight furlongs was out out by Bothwell in lmin 45Jsec, and I am not alone in the opinion that had not Tom Sanders laid too far away from the leaders till entering the straight he wonld have made Argall shift; a bit more on. Maggie ta have prevented the half-brother to Montalto from winning. As it was Remus made things a bit unsettled for the backers of Bothwell, as he showed such a bold front at the distance that Maggie had to be at hand in case of an accident. If Maggie can stay the , distance she should have a bit of a say in the business, as she has -121b less on her back than slie ran second with in the Toorak Handicap, and I am positive she could just about, have got home in that had all things been equal. Piutaroh I will not have at any price. Mr. John Mayo downed him with The Queen easily enough at HawkeBbury in the Grand Handicap, and as that astute ol-L party has Honeyde^ enter^d.^7' ii'int his brother^goja^aas looks!ey,rI take it that ?cfe~ best of these two— -which there is nothing to prevent Locksley from being will be quite capable ef tepeating the per formance. Victory is credited with doing excellent work at Caulfield ; but I doubt if he be class enough to fight out a mile and a half to the bitter end, though he is undoubtedly a brilliant hotse. Newmaster is another that is rattling along in good style on the tryating ground, whilst the odds constantly accepted about Sorella would lead to the assumption that she must be in much better trim than her recent performances would incline one to suspect. Touchstone is immensely fancied at Flemington, and there can be no two opinions about the son of Vespasian and Grey Esperance being a perfect gentleman. He scarvered a mile and a-quarter on the sand at Flemington on Saturday at a very merry gait indeed, and I am confident that if he starts he will be one of the hardest New South Wales nuts to oraok. 