DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From• our own Correspondent.) I paid a visit last .Sunday, in. coinpany with a Protestant , frietad of mine, to " Nazareth House," • which, as; jout readers are aware, has been lately established in Ballarat. The house occupied by the Sisters is beautifully situated in Mill-street, close to Lake Wendouree, from which a view of this beautiful sheet of water can be obtained. The grounds and house, the late residence of Mr. Tunbridge, were purchased by the JJishop, and handed over by his Lordship to the community. The grounds occupy an area of . about six .acres, two acres of which are planted with fruit treies, and about 'one acre laid out in grass. The house is .not a large one, but it will be sufficient at present for the work of the Siaterp, as they in. tend to commence building immediately. We were sh'pwn oyer the reception-ropm, the children's class-room and the dormitory, and; the one for ilie , aged poor, in the T lattfer 6f : which ive'fiuiid/alrftidy one adult; female inmftt6 8uffeiii!% frotnopnsumption, two' more, we Tvarehinformed, were tovbe admitted the folictwing.iwpek. There is also a ^etachedMtoheni'iittecl. up with cooking .'range,. ariij -o^pr o^ing Utensils, a st^le, fowl-hbuse', ete'./: ^The Sisters are ^repaxirlg 'to $sc6ivb Catholic orphan children, this ' being one of the principal' : '' parts of > their :: - functions Under theaostering and devoted < care of the Sistera, the «hUdreU Ibereft <of : their parents ^f)Jl ^eceiy« inj the • insti^tion every.'wffej! and instracfed 'Bins, it' ( ,Tfill 'innbt'tUtMSMBti Witris pfovidfed smooth s \- %thongh denominat.ons, still it is not a r» fii'v establishment; and no matL\„ thoUo WeU conducted it may be still if xt lae influence that ; 0 ' l « the p is cast Oatholic institution, wound m is, so to speak, a CathnliA* ^ere The "Na Z \ r etrHour'' I wilfEte an asylum for the aged poor, without distinction of jjd^ country. There are five SicL , 0r the Rev Mother, at S S f S f e intended to increase the number as institution expands. The l Z r; ,® 6 Slsters who are all of Irish - ' the mother house, Hammers^ London West, whe^ thereT^S' mumty of sixty. Between 600 and% destitute persons of every denomination find an asylum there. Besides Z ft. Sis ters have a soup kitchen where over 7m S ^ 0 TK etl «?? 1000 P. ersons are relieved daily. The Sisters receive no Government aid whatever, but are supported solely bv voluntary contributions. Two of th« Sisters of the Ballarat house are at present collecting for the institution, and they will be glad to receive money" food, clothing or any other assistant that may be afforded. Among other gifts some kind friends have sent them two cows. As the obj ect comes home to every benevolent heart, I feel assured that the people of Ballarat, whether Catholic or Protestant, will not, when called upon, let the Sisters depart without responding to their appeal on behalf of the poor and the orphan. I may mention that the gentleman who accompanied me expressed the great pleasure he felt in being permitted to look over the institution, and evinced the warmest sympathy with the good Sisters in their labour of love. Mr. Martin Loughlin, J.P., has donated the Sisters £100 towards furnishing their house, a liberality which I should like to see emulated by some of our wealthy Catholics; and as this is a season when every heart is opened, I feel confident that even those who can spare but little will cheerfully give something, no matter how small, to so worthy an object. E0B0IT. In a report wanting a date we are. told that the Bishop of Ballarat paid the fint official visit, since his return from Rome, to the Koroit portion of his diocese yesterday, and we believe that yesterday means, in this case, Friday, the ?th inst. Great preparations had been made for his reception; and the church wai beautifully decorated, under the super* vision of the Rev. Fr. Moriarty. Amies of evergreens- were erected at the gate and at the door of the church, suitable mottoes being inscribed on them; whilst a liberal display of flags and banners made a pretty and handsome appearance. His Lordship was met at some distance from Koroit by a considerable number of gentleman in buggies, and escorted to the church. Accompanying Dr. Mooie were Monsignor O'Dowd, the Very Eev. Fr. Reffe, and Frs. Moriarty. an4 Murphy. The laity then presented to their Bishop an address, in whibh the following passage occurs :— •"To holy Ireland, the land.,of f»th, most of us owe our birth, nearly all, what is better—our holy faith. Our love of .:that sainted land is undying .TJw same love .of her and her Cathohc faith we strive to instil into the minds, apd cultivate in the hearts of our children. Centuries of sorrow and suffering have passed over her, but we are .confident that the triumph of the «tifcred ; cause is near, and we rejoice at'hayfaiK at oar head a Bishop r . whose \---- pitmotism &—• , , and ractical sympathy for the la^pl oiu love are so fearlessly, and frequently displayed." His ; Lordship said lie could not ;find words to express his pleasure andgrawh.' ation at the addresses read. He dia not require aU address from them to him of the love they had for their hoij Catholic faithy or the reverence theyteu for their Holy Father the Pope. p«r practical. Catholicity in the past cL<?ariy showed this. He assured them tMt his Holiness leo JIII, .™ » great love for his people in'Austral^ and thi^ was shown by the miJf himself was received in. Ri>me. reception was a mark ©f love that'the Holy Father ielt J people of this diocese.^ There portion of the address ]us^ .real Wflj^ gave him great. pleasure, tp iear, was where mention was auae.m w> ing into the minds of the children we precepts'Of the Oathblic n«.tlihlio faith. faith, M xn W nection with this, he . imght wnW that the Pope's last instruct^ toj™ were to see'that of the ypung w^s,olpp'ely lopkfid awrS prder that; they might npt he the daniers of infideUty and unbe^,^ iierTinissioriaries as she,^ fl^fS r .l.iid in the address. He had gone & Inland lately from north to ^h from east to west, and the persecu- £!nder which he saw the Irisfi people 1,touring was enough to j grieve the hTrt; bit he trusted the day was not C distant when that dear old land miAt again take her place amongst the S M of th e earth ftS of H e , Misted that the Irish people settled in this favoured land would give their pgthy and material assistance to their fellow countrymen at home, in the urinous struggle in which they are now engaged for the, rights and liberties of Inland. He was gratified to see the «ople taking advantage of the presence Jf the missionaries in Koroit, but he knew they would do this, and he confidently assured the Fathers, before they mine here, that they would find such to be the case. ge had brought out with him a distinguished teaching order, the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, who held degrees from various universities in the United Kingdom, and who were not inferior in scholastic abilities to anyone in the colony. These Fathers were establishw a college in Ballarat, and he hoped the Catholics of the district would take advantage of this, and send their sons there, where they would be fitted for any of the higher walks of life for a long time he had been thinking of establishing an orphanage, and he succeeded in getting a community of the Sisters of Nazareth to settle in JBallarat, and take charge of it, where destitute children would be brought up, and infirm old people might find a secure refuge to piss" their latter days in peace. A community of the Brigidine nuns have also come out, and have established a convent in Ararat, and he hoped before long to have an order of male and female Eeligieuse in this parish also. He again thanked them for the kind expressions contained in their address, and then imparted his benediction to the congregation. Mr. J. J. Casey, on behalf of the Catholic schools, then read an address to his Lordship. Dr. Moore briefly thanked the children, and gave them some good counsel. The mission which has been given here by the Redemptorist Fathers for the last three weeks -was very largely attended at all the services. As is the custom after all the missions given bj these holy Fathers, many converts lare been made, and the congregation has been moved to exercises of piety and devotion. On Sunday his Lordship administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to about one hundred adults, and in the evening the Rev. Fr. O'Farrell, on behalf of his fellow missioners, gave his last words of advice to the parishioners, some of whom were moved to tears when he bade them farewell. The mission closed by his Lordship giving the blessing of our Holy Father the Pope. 