PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, November 20. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30p.m. First Discovery of Gold. Mr. DALTON asked the Colonial Secre- tary when would the papers ordered on December 16, 1887, in connection with any claims for compensation made by William Tom, jun., and J. H. A. Lister, as first dis- coverers of gold in this colony, be laid upon the table of the House? Sir HENRY PARKES : There has been some difficulty in tracing all the papers, and I fear it will be impossible to com- plete them : but I will lay upon the table the return as far as completed in the course of a day or two. Rent for Stores. Mr. MELVILLE asked the Colonial Treasurer what rent was being paid by Messrs, .Flood and Co. for the stores at Circular Quay, lately owned by the Aus- tralian Steam Navigation Company? What was the length of lease ? Also, had special arrangements been made with lessees regarding inward and outward wharfages at Circular Quay? Mr. BURNS : Messrs. Flood and Co. are the lessees until the expiry of three years from the 1st September last, of a portion of the shed at the Circular Quay. The portion in their occupancy is limited to 264ft in length, and they rent that space for six months in each of the years re- ferred to, for the sum of £100 for each six months' occupancy. During the other six months it reverts to the Government. No special arrangements have been made with the lessees respecting inward and outward wharfages at Circular Quay. Teralba. Mr. WALKER asked the Colonial Sec- retary was it the intention of the Govern- ment to place Teralba in the Wollombi Electorate, and if so, at whose suggestion? Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply, said that no representations had been made to the Government regarding the matter. The Holt-Sutherland Estate. Mr. LYNE, for Mr. Garvan, asked the Colonial Secretary was it a fact that roads were cleared at Government expense through the private estate known as the Holt-Sutherland? What length of roads were so cleared? and what length of roads were metalled? Sir HENRY PARKES : The following answers have been supplied by the Chair- man of the Casual Labour Board : —Several public roads have been cleared and formed through a por- tion of the Holt-Sutherland Estate. The great Illawarra Road, from the railway station at Sutherland to Go- vernment steam punt at Tom Ugly's Point ; Woronora and Yowie Roads, from the Sutherland Station to Government reserves, also several minor roads have been cleared which lead from these roads to deep water at Port Hacking, and the Cronulla Road has been formed from the end of Woronora Road, this being the direct road to the Noxious Trades site, and passes through Government reserve for fortifications, at the north head of Port Hacking. Between five and six miles of roads were so cleared. No roads have been metalled, but some, where the traffic is very heavy, have been gravelled. Mr. DIBBS inquired if this Government had adopted any sites for noxious trades. Sir HENRY PARKES: I think it is probable we shall. I could not say that the land referred to in my answer to the question of the hon member for Eden will be selected for the purpose. Torpedo Corps. Mr. BARBOUR, for Mr. J. P. Abbott, asked the Colonial Secretary was the re- organisation of the Torpedo Corps yet com- pleted ? If not, in what particular was the reorganisation still incomplete ? What was the reason of the delay, and who was responsible for it ? Sir HENRY PARKES : The following answers have been supplied by the general officer commanding the military forces :— The reorganisation is completed with the exception of carrying out the reduction of the establishment of officers. The case requires mature consideration to enable officers concerned to be equitably dealt with. Road past "Noumea." Mr. WALKER asked the COLONIAL Secretary was it a fact that the un- employed had made, or were making, road leading past "Noumea," the resi- dence of the Hon. John Davies, M.L.C. the head of the Casual Labour Board? Who gave instructions for the construction of the road ? Sir HENRY PARKES : No. I am in- formed that the Leumeah Road, leading from the Sydney Road to railway station, was made by the Roads Department two and a half years ago. Mineral Catalogue, Melbourne Exhibition. Mr. FLETCHER, for Mr. Gale, asked the Secretary for Mines, is it a fact that the descriptive catalogue of the Mining Department's exhibits at the Melbourne Exhibition was ready by June 29 ? Was it in type before the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition ? If so, why was it not printed and issued to the public ? Is it a fact that the Com- missioners for the Exhibition had no similar catalogue of their own ? Is it true that the Executive Commissioner has re- fused to allow the Mining Departments, catalogue to be issued in the Melbourne Exhibition ? Has the Executive Com- missioner power to refuse this permission ? What steps does the Minister intend to take to have the catalogue distributed at the Melbourne Exhibition ? Mr, ABIGAIL: Some differences have existed between the Executive Commis- sioner for the Melbourne Exhibition and the Mines Department, which have caused delay; but the catalogue will now very shortly be issued. The Police Force. Mr. O'SULLIVAN asked the Colonial; Secretary :— Is it a fact that a two- thirds majority of the members of the police force are anxious to have legislation; carried out, to give effect to the vote they! arrived at with regard to the right to re-! tire after fifteen years' service, with the" usnal gratuity ? Is it a fact that the; police are now subscribing 3 per cent of ! their pay to a fund to allow of the carrying out of the proposal ? Now that the! police have taken the initiatory steps' in the matter, will the Colonial Secretary consider the desirability of passing such legislation as will give effeot to their wishes with regard to tho retirement after. 15 years' service ? ' Sir HENRY PARKES: The Acting Inspector-General of Police reports that the number of mombers of the police forco, who at present desire such legisla- tion, is probably about tho same as when the vote was taken in 1885. I am in formed that the 3 per cont subscription is not for the purpoBO of carrying out the proposal, but to provide superannuation and gratuity allowances under the exist ing law. I cannot at this moment say what course the Government will take. Letters to Drs. Germont and Loir. Mr. LYNE asked the Colonial Secretary was the statement true which had been made by Dr. Germont to Mr. Lyne, viz., thot certain confidential letters addressed to Drs. Gormont and Loir, through the Colonial Secretary's Office, were opened? If so, were they opened inadvertently and by whom ? Sir HENRY PARKES replied— The letters were inadvertently out open with a great number of others addressed to the Department by the Clerk of Records, who usually opens the letters in the absence of the Principal Under Secretary. As soon as tho mistake was discovered the letters were immediately sealed, and a certificate given to the (fleet that the contents lia.i not been roatl or translate!. Roads to Hornsby. Mr. FLETCHER, for Mr. Copula nd. asked tho Secretary for' Lands how many chains of road had been formed, and how many chnins metalled, at tho expense of the Government on tho private property of Messrs. Burns, Withers, and R. B. Smith, M's.L.A., at Hornsby, and tho total amount expended by tho Government on the work, Mr, BRUNKER : Mr. O'Donnolt reports to-day that the quantity of road formed and ballasted through Burns', AVithcr's, and Smith's property at Hornsby by Casual Labour Board is approximately :— 21 chains road, forming cost, £18 ; 53 ck- iins formed and ballasted, £106 ; total, £124. Clearing at an average rato of £7 per acre, cr £56 per mile, is not included in tho foregoing. Mr. GARVAN asked tho Minister of Lands if he was satisfied the information was correct. He gave the Minister notice that it was utterly and entirely opposed to facts. Mr. O'SULLIVAN : Remembering that the length is seven miles, is tho Minister satisfied with tho information ? Mr. BRUNKER : I, have given tho be3t information at my disposal. I do not' know the length of road. Mr. O'SULLIVAN: £124 is sheer non- Bense. Mr. MELVILLE : It is grossly incor rect. It must be more than £6009. The Registrar General's Oillce. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT gave natice that ho would ask the Colonial Secretary: — AVas a communication received by him from the Registrar-General, with a letter from the draftsmen in the Registrar-Goneral'B office, in November of last year ? Has any reply, up to tbo present time, been sent to the letter of the draftsmen? If not, for what reason, Mr. Jeanneret. Mr. FARNELL, for Mr. Garland, moved — "That leave of absence for ttio remainder of the present session bo granted to Charles E. Jeanneret, one of tho mem bers for Carcoar, who has been compelled to visit England on urgent private busi ness." Tlic motion was hgrecd to. The Eight- hour System. Mr. SCHEY moved — " That this House will, on Tuesday next, resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole to c insider the expediency of bringing in a bill to dec'uro eight hours a legal day's labour, and for other purposes connected therewith." The motion was agreed to. The Divorce Extension Bill. Mr. STREET presented a petition from various Protestant clergymen against the Divorce Extension Bill. Mr. MAE/TIN presented a like petition from from the Moderator of tho Synod of the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia in New South AVales. Inverell-Glen Innes Railway. Mr. MOORE presented a petition bearing over 2000 signatures, in favour of the cou- stiuction of the railway from jnverell to Glen Innes. Work of Unemployed. It was ordered, on tno motion of Mr. AVALKER, that tho following message be carried to tho Legislative Council : — "The Legislative Assembly having ap pointed a Select Committee on tho ' AVorlt of Unemployed at Hornsby and Holt- Suthcrland Estate,' and tho Committee being desirouB of examining the Hon John Davies, C.M.G., a Member of the Legisla tive Council, in reference thereto, requests that tho Legislative Council will give leavo to its said member to attend and be examined by the said Committee on such day and days as shall bearranged between UlAii null (iUc'titxi4 Liverpool Grammar tchool Bill. , Mr. NOBRS moved the sgcond reading of "the Liverp'A t"hurc!i of England Grammar School LuHU Sale Bill (as agreed to in Select Committee). Mr. MELVILLE thought the- House ought to get some information regarding the bill. Mr. F. SMITH said that the trustees' intentions were perfectly clear and set out in tho preamble of the bill. These inten tions were to cotablisli a college to be called Moore's College, for the education of boys or youths of the Protestant per sist ion. He - now asked that by this bill tho land might bo sold in such manner as the trustees might think fit, entirely apart from tho views of the tea. tator. Mr. HAYNES had given attention to the bill, and there seemed no ground for objection to it. Mr. AVISE : I was going to vote for tho bill till I heard you say that. Mr. BARBOUR, as one of the committee who enquired into the facts on which tho bill was founded, approved of tho bill. Mr. GOULD explained that Mr. Moore made a will for the erection of Mooro College for the instruction of youths in the tenets of the Church of England. After a verbal amendment had been made in clause 2, the bill was reported, with an amendment, to the House, tho report to be moved on November 26, Personal Explanation. - Mr. COPELAND said that on a pre vious occasion he referred in committee to some returns iwhich, he supposed, were rents recommended by the Land Board on appeal. Ho hud since found that there were two operations in hearing those appeals, and that he had made a mistake by quoting a wrong column in the figures be gave. It was due to Mr. Garrett that he (Mr. Copeland) should apologise to him, for the charges he had againBt him he had founded in error. Prosecution for Perjury Amendment Eill. Mr. LEE moved the second reading of the Prosecution for Perjury Amendmont Bill, and. said that the object of the bill waa to give district registrars under the Bankruptcy Act and other registrars the power of giving leave to institute proceed ings for perjury. This power was very much required. As the law Btood at present it was necessary, in the case of any pro ceeding before the District Registrar, that , leave of the higher court should bo obtained before a prosecution for perjury could be . instituted. The bill would not give such power as the judges of the Supreme Court, but it would enable justices; on hearing a case, to form an opinion of the demeanour and statements of the witnesses, which had a great , deal to do with influencing tho justices in their deoision. Mr. AVISE opposed the bill. The Houbo should bo slow to accept any measure that was not demanded by any considerable body or by public opinion. There was no definite principle put forth. Not only had there been no definite demand, but the bill was admittedly a piece of piecemeal legis lation. The bill would repeal all the safe guards, which had been recognised as existing, and it did not propose to deal with the defects, which it was known did exist. All that it did was to repeal a safe guard against prosecution, which it was considered by those who understood tho criminal law was considered necessary. It was tho existence of local knowledge in the minds of men who happened to bo raised to tho Bench, and were not accus- ' tomed to separate themselves from tho personalities of the persons before them, that frequently impeded the ends of jus tice. Tnoy were not, as tho jndgea of tho Supreme Court, almost mechanical in . weighing .tho facto which camo before them. There had- been no widespread de mand for the bill. It repealed nothing, and ought, if to be any good, to ropealthe 300th section of tho Criminal Law and' Fractico Statute Amendment Act. Ho suggested the expediency of withdrawing the bill. Mr. J. Is. ABBOTT said that last year he hud called the attention of the Premier to the necessity of having some ouoontho Treasury benches who was able to answer questions such as thoBO which .woro raised in connection with this hill. Night after night questions were rniBed, on which members of tho Government could give no opinion. As had been pointed out, this bill involved a very grave prin ciple, and it appeared to him that it was tho height of absurdity to give power to a district registrar or justico of - the peace to say whether a prosecution for perjury should bo instituted or not. He was not sure that in these matters even the intervention of the judge should bo obtained. Until the law was altered he would not givo a justice of tho peaco tho power to say that a prosecution Bhould or should not be instituted. The goneral experience of justices was not Buch as to warrant complote confidence in their ad ministration. It was well known how much below ordinary intelligence somo of them were. (Hear, hear.) He knew how in convenient it must be in remoto parts of tho country, to obtain the sanction of a judge before a prosecution could bo initiated, ' It would bo far better to repeal tho 800th scqtion of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute Act (for which ho would vote) than for a bill of this sort. Mr. MELVILLE said that it would bo well to withdraw tho bill. Mr. MOORE and Mr. GOULD con curred. Mr, O'MARA thought that New South AVales was the most backward in tho matter of law reform, but did not see the advisability of making the change advo cated by the introducer of the measure. Mr. O'SULLIVAN said that tho intro ducer seemed to want to minimise the full effects which flowed from tbeso prose- cutione. He had no objection to the bill being read a second time. Mr. AVALKER said that the bill would place a very dangerouB power in the hands of magistrates. He had not very much confidence in the administration of tho law at any time, but if ever bis liberties were at stake, be would sooner trust them to a judge of tho Supremo Court than to a Bench of Magistrates. Mr. AVALL said that his sympathies wero with the hon member, Mr. Lee, but this bill would not gain the end which it waa sought to achieve. Thero wero a great many difficulties in tho way of in stituting a prosecution for perjury, which ought not to exiRt if perjury was an in dictable offence at all. But this bill would increase the difficulties rather than re move them. Mr. Lee withdrew the bill. Bulli Disaster Bill. Mr. GOULD moved the second reading of the Bulli Colliery Disaster Bill. He ex plained that a sum of £44,000 was sub scribed for the benefit of the relatives of those who lost their lives in tho Bulli disaster, A large sum of money was paid away, and £30,000 was now available to be dealt with in permanent rcliof. A scheme of distribution was considered by various cominrttees, and the common de cision arrived at was that each widow should be paid an annuity of £30, and that £10 per annum should bo paid for each child. Further sums were provided for the bene fit of other persons who were dependent upon the men who lost their lives. It was proposed that if any widow married she should receive a lump sum of £100 and cease to havo any further claims upon the fund. The prin ciple of distribution was the same as that adopted with regard to the fund raised for the relatives of those who perished in the Creswick disaster. It was now proposed to givo a bonus of £85 to each of the widows, and of £10 to each of tho children in addition to the annuities. He (Mr. Gould), was willing to meet the views of the hon. member for Northumberland ItansvteoUg Olio Wuuq tu the widows to £100. . Another of tho pro visions of the bill, was that the re latives should have no claim npon the the mining company. Tho hon. member for Northumberland asked that the bill should be referred to a Select Committee, in order that he might show how the widows had been treated. But what had the tieatment of the widows to do with the distribution of the fund ? - All paid officers in connection with the fund would be dispensed with aB soon as possible. The total expenses up to the present amounted to £803. Mr. M'MILLAN : AVhen wa3 the fund inaugurated ? Mr. GOULD : On the 27th March of last year. An investigation would take place after three-years, and if any surplus funds were then found to exist -thoy would bo distributed. Thi3 bill has already been twice passed by the Legislative Council, who appointed a committee to take evi dence upon it. Mr. MELVILLE said lie wanted to have tliebill referred to a sclcctcommittce so that daylight might be lot in upon tho deeds of those hypocritical philanthropists who went to the widowB houses and insulted them. He charged Mr. Knapp with mis- misapplying the funds and keeping the widows out of their money in order to prevent their proceeding with actions against the mining company. The money was subscribed for certain purposes, and the committee appointed to distribute not to keep it. The fund was placed in Syd ney hanks at 4 per cent, but would any of tho committee lend their awn money at the same rate of interest ? He (Mr. Mel ville) wanted Mr. Knapp to give an account of his petty expenses, postage stamps, and other matters. Tho money was public money, and he asked that the bill Bhould be sent to a committee. Some of the largest subscribers were opposed to the present scheme of distribution. If the large subscribers were in favour of tho scheme, why were they not examined before tbo Committee of tho Upper House? What right had the committee to say that if any of the widows married again, they were to be pnt off with a lump sum ? AVho was the person who went into a houso of ill- fame in this city, gavo a cheqno for public money to a woman who was killing herself with drink and immorality, and got her to Bign an agreement that she would not bring an action against tho mining com pany ? One of the members of the com mittee said that his daughter spent more in gloves in a week than the widows were to bo allowed per week to support them selves, One widow fainted of want in tho street, while £40,000 was in tho bank for the benefit of her and others. He (Mr. Melville) had received a letter trom Allen and Allen, solicitors, calling upon him to apologise to Mr, Knapp for what he had said of him; he had never apolo gised, and Mr, Knapp hod not dared to bring him into tho Supreme Court. He moved, as an amendmont--" That the bill bo reforred to a select committee, con sisting of Messrs. Gould, Hayncs, Chap man, Oh anter, Brnnker, O'Sullivan, Taylor, Creer, Woodward and the mover-" Mr. HAYNES seconded the amend ment. Mr, GOULD, in reply, Baid that tho object of moving for a committee was merely to shelve the bill, Mr, A. J. RILEY said he never worked with a more disinterested body of mon, so nervously anxious to do their dnty, as the committee of tho Bulli Fund, Thj action of tho executivo committco woe always confirmed by the general committco. Tho Bill represented the views of tho majority of tho Houso. He had paid a special visit to the Bulli district and thero was cot a dissenting voice as to how the funds shoald be distributed, except in the case of one . widow. 'The hon member (Mr. Melville) had stated that the just claims of one woman were those of an ndnltrees. Mr. MELVILLE : Give mo a committee and I will prove it. Mr. RILEY had seen her marriigc cer- tificate. She was married on November 23 by the Wesleyan Minis -or at Walk- end. Mr. MELVILLE: Will the hon member pardon me;-I will p.odue tho marringo lines of tho woman. Mr. RILEY was a-are that the miner had been married before, but the person who camo trom homo never claimed to be his widow till tho question of granting annuities arose. There never was a fund so well administered, and thore had been no question as to it < administration until it became a question of annuities or lump sums. AVould any man be discharging his trust if he handed over these funds, indiscriminately? The Bprings of charity had receivod u shock in this community which wonld take a long time to get over. It would bo found a very hard matter to iuvokc tho sympathy and aid which it had been customary in cases of this sort. It was boneatli the dignity of the Houso to inquire into all tho petty details. Personally, ho didn't shrink from any inquiry, but from what he knew of tho actions of tho Committee, they wero only anxious to do their best to administer the fund. By the injudicious action which had been taken, ho felt that an injustice was likely to be done. Mr. M'MILLAN said that, in order to delay the passing of the measnre, a com promise had been arrived at, and another schedule drawn, but still it did dot satisfy the hon member for Northnmberland. He now shifted his ground, and made a charge against thoso who had administered the funds. Tho numerical and money majority who contributed to the fund were satisfied with tlio bill. They now had the oppor tunity of making all the necessary changes in the bill, and there was no necessity for a committee. Mr. J. P. AB BOTT considered it would be a very bad thing to send a bill to a select committee. If tho hon member for Northumberland would consider for n moment, he would sco that tho effect would bo to drive the trustees to deposit tho money with a Court of Equity, and any ono who had had any experience of such court would know the difficulty of dealing with it then. Every ap plication for the payment of money would be attended with largo law costs. He would like to see the whole thing wound up as soon aB possible. There was nothing to prevent the trustees throwing tho busi ness into a Court of Equity, and so relieve themselves of all responsibility and lia bility on. expenditure. He asked the House not to forco thiB stato of things o i the country. If this happened the money would only yield the cuitenb rate or. u- tcrest, say 4 per cent, and would not be of nearly so much uso to tho persons who were to benefit by it. Mr. GARVAN said there was ro danger of injury to those who wero most intim ately affected by any delay which might take place. It would be better to refer the matter to a committee. The amendment — "That all the worif- nfter the word ' that bo omitted," was then put, and enrried on the following divi sion : — AYES, 20. Fletclicr Walker Clnrke, H. O'Sulltran JInrbour M'Kininti Levi en Turner Carrutbcrs Gnrvan Haines Davis Hone Scbey Want Dilibs Stevenson Greer Melvillo Haivkeii Mooro Hasfinll Garrard Dawson Allen, AV. -I, Crouch NOE .. 10. Clarko, W. Leo Kelly Iloliorts Cameron MtMilLi 1'nrkcs Wilkinson, Dr. Dangm- Bruuker ltiloy Brown, It, 11. JdrIih Abbott, J. Gould Bui-lit Paiiih.— Vor, Wall ; against, Wilson. The Committee was appointed. . Grants to Municipalitiei. The debate on tho following motion of Mr. CARItUTHERS was resumed — " That this House will, on Tuesday next, rnsolv.- itself into a Committee ot the AVholo to consider an address to the Governor, pi-ay ing tlx-t Hin Fxeellpncv will be pleased to cause to be placcu on the m inmates ior tbp year 1889 a sufficient sum to provide for a special endowment of £1 for every £ I raieed in municipalities by way of iai:e- or contributions towards any municipal purposes." Mr. DIBBS said that tho Government were only wasting time in allowing chir matter to go beyond a certain stage. II they intended to give tho £280, 00J which the motion involved, they should say so, otherwise it wbb a clear waste of tiuio to go on. Mr. J, P, ABBOTT said that even if the bulk of the vote was to go to his electorate, he would vote against it. Government time after time had come down and announced that thoy intended to deal with the system of local govern ment. In the interests of local govern ment the House ought not to go oa with the resolution. (Hear, hear.) If they were to have local government it ought not to be forced on the people, but should come naturally. While large su ns con tinued to be voted to municipalities, the municipalities would not take any burden on themselves. He hoped the Government would strenuously oppose the resolution, and that they wonld not allow the hon member (Mr. Carruthers) to go into com mittee, as it would only result in an abso lute waste of time. Air, CREER disagreed, Municqwlii i es bad been of the greatest good to the country. Fifteen shillings per £1 would be a fair scale, ThiB would invo vu not more than £160,009. Sir HENRY PARKES said bojW- quite willing to take the debato on th. motion for going into Committee of tin- Whole. It had to be argued some time He had, however, no other course thac to ask tho Home to reject the resolution Municipalities were not to be considered apart from the general population. He did not seo how any comparison with Victoria could hold good, in so far as we had far larger lines of communication to maintain than had Victoria. The main objection to the reso lution consisted in the distinct undertak ing of the Government to ask tho House to pass a comprehensive measure -uited to the wants of the country if the House was disposed to pass it within six months. He asked the Home to reject the motion; Mr. O'SULLIVAN asked the House to recollect that the money asked for under the resolution was only for one year. No one could vote against tho resolution who bad the welfare of municipalities at heart. He wonld vote for the resolution. A Local Government Bill had been promised for the past twelve years, and we wers just as far off it as ever. Mr. JOSEPH ABBOTT and Mr. CROUCH supported the motion an 1 Mr. HAWKEN opposed it. Mr, 8EAVEK thought that before a Local Government Act was passed a tax on the unimproved value of land should be imposed. Aft. HOWE, who spoke for the first ' time and was warmly received, supported the motion. He said that had a proper endowment been given to the munici palities these bodies would have absorbed a great number of tho. unemployed. The municipal bodies deserved a -good deal of consideration from the Government, be cause tlu-y did a great amount of work which vou'd otherwise have to be done by the Government. Mr. AVALKER contended that there wnu no real retrenchment in retarding the development of , the colony, which the local bodies substantially helped to ef fect. Air. carrutiiers replied. The House divided on the motion, with the following result: — Ayes, 17; noes, 17. Tho Speaker gave his casting vote with the ayes. The motion was therefore carried. Adjournment, Sir HENRY PARKES moved that tho i House should uow adjourn. Mr. MELVILLE made complaints of miscondnot at the Coast Hospital. A person was in the habit of playing ghost there. Horses were broke in in the hospital grounds, and the hospital stores were purloined. There was also a white leper in the hospital. He wonld refer to this matter fully the next day, but he wished to give the Premier notice in order that ho might obtain information oa. the subject. Air. HAYNES called attention ti the fact that a man named Brown wa3 mur dered through police neglect in thi cells of the lock-up at Woollarah. The House, at 12.7 a.m., adjourned till 4 p.m. this afternoon. 