Ijrnmmenl THE HOLT FATHEE AND THE IEISH QUESTION, TVITH a little truth there is, we suspeet, a great deal of fiction in those reports which re- present that, on the Irish Question, the Duke of Norfolk has had an interview with the Holy Father, and that Mr. Gladstone was to be accorded that privilege. From the i first we saw that the object of the great Tory peer's visit to Rome was misrepresented, and later intelligence verified our view of the case. It was next represented that his Lordship was to return to Rome, charged with further explanations of apolitical character, for which his Holiness had expressed a wish. That statement has also been shown to be erroneous. Nevertheless, we entertain not the smallest doubt, but that his Grace of Norfolk, either as an accredited agent, or on his own personal account, has put the views of the Government and of the Unionists generally before the Sovereign Pontiff. It is less certain that Mr. Gladstone has either solicited an interview, or been invited to one, though not improbable that he would desire to counteract at the Vatican any influence inimical to Ireland which the Duke may have exercised there. That question may, however, be put aside just at present, as it would -be wholly unprofitable to speculate on an uncertainty of the kind. Another aspect in which the affair possesses interest is that in England the belief is entertained that the mediation of the Pope has been sought, and that the assumed proposal has met with no opposition. This is certainly an indication of ministerial perplexity and weakness, and of a great change in the temper of the English people. But these also are matters of secondary importance. Keeping to the considerations of moment we should say that the Irish people would consent with the utmost confidence to the great question at issue being submitted to Leo XIII. But the basis on \frhich his Holiness would be asked to arbitrate should, in the first place, he settled. This iB always a preliminary to every reference of the kind, and it would be unfair to all parties, and be imposing far too great a task on his Holiness, to ask him to mediate in the absence of such an agreement. Mr. Freeman, the historian, says that such interference on the part of the Pope in the affairs of Ireland as the English Government is alleged to have sought, would be a heavy blow to religion. That is an impression which has been on the minds of many people. But it is a contingency about which no Irishman need give himself the least trouble. It may be inferred from an allusion which the Sovereign Pontiff only a day or two past made to Ireland that the affairs of that country' are at present engaging his special attention, and for that reason we should not be surprised to learn that he had in some way intervened with the object of effecting a settlement of the difficulty. It is of course possible that the course which his Holiness may elect to take will not be moTe pleasing to the Irish people than the censure on Mr. Parnell, which was implied in a papal letter a year or two past; but it is very much more likely, and all but absolutely certain, that in any proposals which his Holiness may be graciously pleased to make, the interests and honour of Ireland will be adequately safe- guarded. A CEBTAIN class of people, ANOTHEE who from motives of EXPOSURE, politeness are not to be named, never learn anything from experience, and there is a close resemblance to them on the part of those journals which avow a complete indifference to the Catholic Church and its affairs, and yet miss no opportunity of betraying a very lively interest in afi that concerns both one and the other. If the Holy Father sneezes, the occurrence is reported all the way from Rome to London, and thence to the antipodes; and though the something, which, in this case; there had been an effort of nature te shake <off, may have been a midge which settled on the Pontiff's nostril, as a result of the deep concern taken in his health, fears are expressed by cable that it is giving way, that sneeze being the ground for the very alarming report. And if his Holiness should send a delegate to Ire- UfiS.ltf&yery; people^,or th,eir successors, wlio - - adi the .Pope . „ . - - - wtatercr^Wi^W^ritish dp^inipnvpre most .anxious ,to Jfiarn ,w£j&t.;,.that gate's opihiohs oniurish political attains are; and their impatience for the information is so devouring that they cannot withstand the temptation to manufacture news of some kind on the subject. Even the Irish people, who are most concerned in what a Papal delegate may report, are not troubled by that consuming curiosity of which Protestant and Unionist journals give so many evidences that redound very little to the credit of their sagacity or veracity. Among the many reports respecting Archbishop Persico which have been contradicted by his Grace himself we have now to class that one cabled a short time since, that he advised the Irish clergy to be more moderate in the part they took in political affairs. This contradiction came this week, and, if this eminent ecclesiastic should not tire of exposing the falsehoods of the Unionist Press as the Most Rev. Dr. Walsh did, we may, in the usual order of things, expect from him another contradiction in the course of a few days; for the Times, London Daily Chronicle, the Standard—first hand—and the borrowers far and wide—second hand— will afford his Grace weekly opportunities of convicting them of deliberate falsehood, if the task should not become too troublesome for him. From weariness of the kind tireless inventors have profited on similar occasions, and possibly this is their calculation in the present instance. Exposure is an experience from which they do not seem to have learned anything ; and if, as we must believe, they do not belong to the class of people who are incapable of profiting by it, then we must conclude that they are utterly unscrupulous and shameless. RETBOGBESSION in religion LEFBOSY. and civilisation are not the only evils to be apprehended from the influx of Asiatics into European communities. If British colonisation be not taken into account, there has been no such thing for many centuries as a dispersion of races on a large scale. Till recently there was no occasion for it, and to that condition of things may be attributed the fact that western civilisation has grown up with distinctive characteristics of its own, and is imbued largely with the spirit of the Gospel. It is a long time past since the first Chioaman was seen in London. He was there long before " The Citizen of the World" was written, and anterior to that date Europeans had made their way up to the walls of China. But adventurous travellers of this class were few before the Chinese war, and they were but little known in Europe before a Chinese junk sailed up the Thames. All that is now changed. Resulting from density of population, or from the knowledge derived from intercourse with Europeans, and an acquaintance with their happier conditions of existence, the Chinese, though the most conservative people on earth, have been, during the last twenty years, emigrating in large numbers to foreign countries. The Earl of Carnarvon, in pointing, as he has done, to the danger which threatens us from being in such close proximity to a great nation like the Chinese, whose civilisation is rapidly developing, can only be said to have endorsed what had been frequently mentioned. But the Rector of Greatham, in England, if he cannot be credited with a discovery, may be admitted to have given emphasis to fears that were entertained before he raised an alarm. In a letter to the Times Archdeacon Wright, the Anglican clergyman to whom we allude, says that leprosy is being spread all over the world by Chinese emigrants, and the St. James' G-azette thus comments on that statement:— They have oarried it to California, Nf w Brunswick, the Cape of Good Hope, and the Sandwich Islands, where it WSB previously unknown ; and either they have brought it into Enropa themselves, or it has been brought by Europeans who have been inoontaot with them. All the specialists, in skin disease in Paris are-said to have lepers among their patients—soldier;, sailors, merchant?, aistera of oharity, missionaries, and others. Epidemics of leprosy have broken ont in more than one of the provinoea of Spain, the disease having been brought home by sailors. There are lepers in the hospitals of London, Dublin, and Glasgow; and Archdeacon Wright mentions, on authority he does not doubt, that a week or two ago there was a case-of leprosy in an Englieh village. To Europeans it was only known in name formerly as something of which they had read in Scripture, or heard of from Bible readers. They have a knowledge of it now almost everywhere from its existence amongst them, or in close proximity to them, and as the disease has proved contagious to Europeans—the opinion of the Rtiyal College of Physicians, London, to the contrary, notwithstanding—the alarm raised on the subject cannot he: considered groundless. Priests and nuns have already fallen victims, and tKfefc is 7 still more reason to dread tihatitwill spread from the intermarriage of the races. These unions have not been very numerous in Australia, and yet it is observable that children born of them are growing up in European habits and tastes, and their selection of partners will be from Europeans. Thus the seeds of the disease may be laid in the population under circumstances which will defy their eradication. This, independently of the economic consideration, is a potent reason why the Chinese emigration should be discouraged. But how is this to be done without bringing about international complications ? That is the rub. And it is also a question not wholly unworthy of consideration whether it is in accordance with the teachings of Christ and the principles of Christianity that we should allow this dread of leprosy to influence us in interdicting them from coming amongst us. WITH reference to the WANTED—THE European cable mes- TETJTH. sages, this is a want which is very frequently experienced. It is not, fortunately, of long duration, or of a distressing character. It consists in the impatience which is naturally felt to get at the truth, and the whole truth, on questions of some interest which are reported in forms as questionable as that which the ghost of Hamlet's father assumed. There, for instance, is the statement in Monday's papers that the people who attended one of the great functions in celebration of the Pope's Jubilee cheered for the Pope and the King. In this statement there is something very much in need of explanation; the whole truth is not given, and we are quite certain that if it were the affair would wear a very different complexion. Our own impression is that the cheers for the King were pre-arranged, and the work of Signor Crispi's masonic friends, who only a little time previously ad dressed him in terms warmly commending his hostility to the Papacy. It is most unlikely, indeed, that good Catholics who attended the function with the object of honouring the Pope would offend him by cheering for the usurper. It is very improbable, indeed, that faithful subjects of his Holiness would thus pay him a divided allegiance, and do that which under present circumstances, would be' equivalent to a censure upon his policy and his utterances. In this matter, as in many others of which we hear in the cablegrams, we want the whole truth; but whilst waiting for it we venture to state, with the utmost confidence, that, whatever the exact explanation may be,' it will be found that some deception has been practised, and that things are not at all what thev seem. IT is scarcely possible to THE POWEB imagine a situation peri- OP GBACE. lous to health or even to life in which the Catholic priest has not proved that he is superior to all considerations of the kind in discharging the duties of his sacred office. In the pest-house, on the battlefield, in the sinking ship at sea, or as an outlaw on whose head in times of persecution a price had been fixed, the Catholic priest has over and over again brought confusion on unbelievers and libellers by acting a heroic part which made it manifest that he set a much higher value on the salvation of souls than he did upon his own life. To the numberless examples of the kind which had been already afforded another was recently added. Two Jesuit Fathers, whilst taking a country walk outside Scrutari, sat down to take their lunch under a tree, in full sight of and quite near the town. A young shepherd, a mere boy, armed with a gun, drew near. The two priests greeted him, and gave him part of their luncheon. The lad left them, and they rose to return, when Fr. Pastore fell, shot in the back from behind a rock. Fr. Lacchini, his companion, was also fired at, but escaped with a pierced cassock. Heedless of his danger, he devoted himself to his wounded companion during the five minutes that life remained, though several shots were fired at hini whilst he was so engaged. The Italian Government are inquiring into the matter, and have already ascertained that the story, as above told, is true. It is not likely that any explanation wliich the Turkish Government may feel disposed to give will be deemed unsatisfactory by Signor Crispi, the priest-hater; but the unflinching courage which Fr. Lucchini displayed, when it must have seemed almost certain that his life would be the penalty of his devotion, will none the less on that aceount tend to.the glory of-<God : and the "exaltation of his priesthood i in ^the eyes of men. • - THE climate of th< A MEEK: Pacific Islands canno EVANGELIST, be unfavourable to Ion gevity—the Rev. Mr Sleigh, a Protestant missionary fron Lifu, one of the Loyalty Islands, was in Melbourne in the early part of the week, and after spending twenty-four yeare in the South Seas, he is now sixty-nine years of age, and ml the en3oyment, it would seem, of! good health. But these islands are; remarkable for something more thanj profiteth the flesh or the pocket, for they also seem to exercise some extraordinary influence on the spirit. They appear, in some mysterious way, to produce a very peculiar effect on the minds of people who sojourn there for any length of time. Mr. Sleigh was on an island adjacent to Mar£, on which the combatant Mr. Jones laboured in the cause of a dominating English Christianity, of which the lion and the unicorn are the symbol. Mr. Sleigh naturally feels hurt at the treatment Mr. Jones received, but he is not carried away by his feelings. "I can," he says, "be an Englishman as much as any other man, but, at the same time, I hold that unmitigated bounce is no honour. Mr. Jones has written to the British authorities detailing the circumstances of his removal, and it remains to be seen what will be done." This meekness is very becoming in a man of Mr. Sleigh's vocation and age. It sits well on him. But there are two sides to his character, and the phenomenon is only explicable on the ground that climate or edible productions exercise that mysterious influence to which we have alluded. Revealing his second nature to the representative of the Daily Telegraph, he asks, in the true spirit of the Anglican Christianity, of which his brother Jones is a most daring and devoted teacher:— " But are the Loyalty Islands French ? Indeed, I might as well add, does New Caledonia belong to France ? They haveput up their flags on our islands and call them theirs; but perhaps these are matters for some one else to talk of." Mr. Sleigh should put no restraint upon himself in matters of this kind. Everyone interested in his mission believes that the French are merely in possession without a ticket of/leave, and if that be the case he should favour his friends with his views as to how and when the notice to quit is to be served. Frenchmen would not be a bit angry with him for his frankness, and it would be most flattering and pleasing to his own people. But even if Frenchmen did not like it, why should they be considered? They and their country are in such straits for want of an English alliance that they would not just at present think of resenting any indignity which it might please imperial John Bull to put upon them. The Radical journal knows tnat, and hence it has no hesitation at hinting that murder is one of the means by which they are striving to preserve French ascendancy in the New Hebrides. This is how, in this case, the knife is put in character:—"The death of Mr. Lee Walker, as a representative of British interests, is to be regretted. A painful suspicion also arises as to the cause of his murder. Light-hearted and good-tempered, he was the last man to get into collision with the natives. But the French 'beach-comber' of the ricidiviste type has, it is more than hinted, often incited the aboriginals against the English traders." It will be unaccountable if our French fellow- colonists do not learn to entertain the very highest respect and the most friendly feelings for their British allies in Australia. THE Earl of Carnarvon SEEN AT LAST, has shed light upon a rather dark spot in our radical contemporary's mind. "To do the Tory organ only simple justice, it must be admitted that it has not been insensible to the danger attending the bitter and relentless anti-Chinese movement in these colonies. From :what now and then appeared in its pages on the subject, it has been evident that it possessed a full grasp of it, and on this question did not need instruction from any quarter. We onrselves spoke out with more plainness regarding the possibMities to which the agitation pointed; hi.- though the Tory mouthpiece was more reserved in its allusions, it could not be doubted that it had all probable consequences clearly in view. Not so with the journal which has done all in its power to inflnme the. popular mind against the Chinese. . It. has given the utmost encouragement to - the most extreme proposals for harassing «u<& as are here, and for excluding those who may defcire'to follow* them. Andr through all this it has not at any time been apparent that this rash, counsellor ! had anything like an adequate conception of what the results of such a policy were likely to be. It was perceived that it might lead to some correspondence and a little trouble between the two Imperial courts, but beyond this our contemporary's penetration certainly did not go. But Lord Carnarvon's observations seem to have presented the matter in a new light, and the whole truth is now seen at last. On Wednesday there was proof of this revelation. It was then admitted that out of the Chinese question " may grow complications that will seriously affect our national life, and give a turn to our foreign and domestic policy that is not generally suspected fry the ordinary observer of current history." Quite true: the threatened complications would be most likely to escape the notice of" ordinary" observers. We shall quote the concluding portion of the article just to show what a deep and true impression Lord Carnarvon's remarks have made, where previously the consequences likely to result from our harsh treatment of the Chinese were regarded as of little or no importance:— „ ,. , For instance, it (the Chinese Question) may retard and even postpone to an indefinite period the moment when, under other circumstances, we might reasonably look forward to outting ourselves loose from the mother country and starting on an independent oareer upon our own aoooant. An independent Australia wonld mean an Australia that would have to acoept all the responsibilities of independence, and among other things to fight its own battles and proteot itself against any foreign foes whom its diplomatists have been nnable to conciliate. But he would be a wiso man who could fix the date when we should be able to repel the fleets and armies of the new Chinese empire singlehanded. More than one generation must elapse before we should be strong enough to throw down the gauntlet with a reasonable certainty of meeting the invader on equal terms, and in the meanwhile we mast do one of two things, namely, either refrain from giving provocation or Btiok closely to the connection with Great Britain for the sake of the assistance and the proteotion we should derive from it. Whichever oonrse we adopt, it will be a distinot tribute to the influence of the Chinese Empire upon onr national politics. 