VARIETIES. Back from the Grave. A MAN BELIEVED TO BE MURDERED RETURNS AFTER TEN YEARS TO CLAIM HIS BRIDE. The following tale, which, if true, is re- markable enough to serve as the foundation for one of the stories of the day, has been sent from Brownsville, Penn., under date of August 11th. As the writer gives his name the communication was doubtless made in good faith, and is here reproduced, and the reader may take it cum graue salis or not, as he chooses: No more dramatic scene was ever enacted on the boards of any theatre than one which occurred, at the residence of Miss Effie Wellesby, back in the country some two miles north from here, to-day, when her former sweetheart, Harry Lynton, whom she had mourned as dead for ten long years, suddenly appeared to claim her as her bride. In 1878 Effie Wellesby, then sweet sixteen, was said to be the prettiest girl in Fayette county. Her father was wealthy, owning, beside the large farm on which he lived, ex- tensive and valuable tracts of coal, lumber and oil lands, and also having an interest in several steamboats. Of course his fair daughter did not lack for suitors from many of the best and wealthiest families of the county, but of them all she chose Harry Lynton, the son of a poor coal miner, who followed his father's vocation, and had no other prospect than that of doing so all his life, though possessing natural intelligence far superior to that of most men of his station. The lines of caste and class distinction are not very closely drawn in the rural society of this region, and the young people met at a picnic, where they im- mediately fell head, over heels in love with each other. When John Wellesby—a man noted for his violent and unguvernable temper—dis- covered Effie's passion for the poor miner his anger knew no bounds. He ordered the young man from his house and threatened to kill him if he ever again found him in the society of his daughter, while he commanded Miss Effie to immediately transfer her affec- tions to a young man of wealth and social position who had been vainly endeavoring to win her smiles. The lovers were not to be so easily baffled. They arranged clandestine meetings and spent many happy hours together in a grove of grand, old, forest trees near Effie's home at times when John Wellesby believed his daughter to be sleeping the sleep of happy girlhood in her cosy room above his own. Well knowing that her father would never re- lent, Effie at length consented to an elopement, but before it could be carried out an unfor- tunate accident marred all. Her father discovered the truth. His sus- picions were at once aroused, and looking into his daughter's apartment one night after she had ostensibly retired, he found it unoc- cupied. Sallying forth in search of her, he came upon the lovers in the grove. A dread- ful scene ensued. Wellesby taunted the young man with the inferiority of his position, and charged him with wishing to marry his daughter that he might live without labour upon his father-in-law's means. Lynton spiritedly resented these insults, and the elder man finally struck him a terrible blow with a heavy cane, and he fell, apparently lifeless, to the ground. Believing that he had killed Lynton, Wellesby seized his fainting daughter, bore her to the house, laid her upon her couch, locked the door upon her, and telling his wife what he had done and hastily collecting a few necessaries, he mounted his best horse and fled. Nothing was heard from him until about a year ago, when a letter was received from the superintendent of a charity hospital in Montreal, where he had died a poor out- cast. The letter inclosed his will, in which everything he possesspd was left to Effie, who had continued to reside at the old homestead with no companion save a widowed aunt and the hired help who carried on the farm, her mother having died soon after Wellesby's flight. Nothing had ever been seen or heard of her lover since that fatal night, on which her father struck him. She believed him dead and that her father, before taking flight, had re- turned to that dreadful spot and buried the body of his victim; but all this she and her mother kept locked in their own breasts. So to-day, when, as she sat with her aunt on the piazza, a tall, bronzed man entered through the garden gate, came up the grav- elled walk, stood before her, and gazed in- tently into her eyes, she thought for a moment that it was her lover's ghost she saw, and not the real Harry Lynton, for in the mature man of 30 years she instantly recognised her boy- ish admirer of ten years ago, to whose memory she had been true through all that long de- cade. It is easy, to imagine what immediately fol- lowed, and the rest is soon told. Lynton had been merely stunned by Wellesby's blow, and on coming to himself he had registered a vow to prove the injustice of Wellesby's taunts by never marrying Effie and never even seeing or writing to her again till he had made himself financially her equal. He started that very night to work his way to the Pacific Coast. There he shipped on board a vessel bound for Australia, whence he drifted, first to England, and thence to South Africa, where he finally brought up at the diamond mines. There, after a series of adventures, and financial ups and downs that would furnish material for a score of Ryder Haggard's novels, he at length secured a claim that proved a rich one and that he finally sold for enough to buy all his intended father-in-law' a possessions two or three times over. Then he started on a bee-line to his old home and Effie Wellesby, whose constancy he never doubted for a mo- ment. When next Harry Lynton disappears from his sweetheart's view it will be to go to Uniontown, the country seat, for a marriage license, and Eiffie Wellesby will become Effie Lynton before she's a week older. The sun will never shine on a more charming bride, for in the mature woman of twenty-six the dominant radiance of sixteen is crowned by a pensive loveliness that makes it even more beautiful. 