Editorial Notes, and News. The meeting on Thursday eveniug last, for the purpose of forming a Protection and Political League, was sufficiently well attended for initiating the matter proposed ; and the nucleus of a society was formed winch will no doubt strenuously endeavour to exert a winning influence in the next election. As has been suggested, we should only be playing the part of the hunted ostrich, which buried its head in the sand and fondlj* imagined itself fully hidden, if we feigned to disbelieve the evidence of our senses, which plainly tells us that the Protection cause has gained man}' adherents in this district since the last election. But at the same time we may confidently hope that the revulsion of policy in the- ittiuds of the people is not nearly so wide extended as imagined b} r Protectionist agitators. We believe it will be found when the numbers are up there lias been more cry than woo). For instance, it might be pointed out, that ever since the first appearance of Mr. Young as a candidate for our suffrages, he has been opposed by a number of personal, besides political foes, who would never acknowledge any good in him. These, of course remain, and to a certain extent they are the leaven which is now leavening the whole lump of opposition which is to overthrow him at the neit election. This fact was illustrated at the meeting under notice, at which there was not a protectionist individual, we may safely say, who voted for Air. Young at the Inst election. And it is a significant fact that the aim of the Protectionists on this river, as may be gleaned from their utterances, is npt s'l much to oust Mr. Roberts, as Air. Young, because the latier is the more decided exponent of Free irade principles, and the most uncoinproiuiuing enemy to i rotection. There are, however many elements of weakness in the Protection cause in this electorate— and these will almost preclude the possibility of this policy being tried on its merits. The combinations of its advocates, and not the theoiy, will be uppermost in men's minds when the time arrives for action'—and it will be found that although many consider Freetrade au evil, they will prefer it as the lesser evil. And "the greater evil will be found in the ascendancy given by the adoption of Protection the to Catholic denomination. It is well known that as a bald principle Protection is as unsectaria.n as Freetrade—and that many earnest Protestants embrace it. But in an election Catholics are not to be depended upon ; and it is well known they have long seen, with an acute vision, in Protection an excellent stalking horse upon which to amble into power—not caring for the principle, only so far as it might be utilised for the accomplishment of their own ends. They require members of their own way of thinking in the Assembly : and wili without compunction throw over an ally if bis only recommendation from their point of view §§\ his Protectionist principles. The truth of this was manifested in the treatment of Air. Richardson. At that time two Protectionists were forward, a protestsnt and a catholic. The catholic was supported by his co-religionists, whilst the poor protestant was deserted by them, and had to forfeit his forty pounds. This is no Kiauia Ghost, but a literal truth, which carries its own moral. Yet, though we feel certain that, through the reasons stated, the Protectionists will not get even Mieir moderate desires satisfied, which is to return one representative of Protection, at the same time they are well worth watching. There are many intelligent and energetic men in their ranks ; and as a percentage of the farmers have been persuaded that they have a grievance, which Protection alone can remedy, it is not hard to conceive that the number will increase. It is not hard to persuade a rnan that he is sick ; and acting upon this knowledge, the Protectionist leaders will doubtless work up a more formidable front than ever before, even though they do not carry their point. A meeting was held on Thursday evening last, of persons favourable to the formation of a Protection and Political League in Wingham. On the motion of Messrs. Cole and Al'Cliutock. J. M. Conroy, Esq. took tlie Chair. The chairman stated that they had met in accordance with advertisement, not to discuss the relative merits of Protection and Freetrade, hut, believing the former to be the policy best for the advancement of the colony, to forta a League, for the purpose of exerting an influence in the ejection of our representatives to Parliament. Mr. McClintock said that as the person who .had convened the meeting, he might remark that he iliad done so because it seemed to be the desire that:a League should be formed in Wingham, hut winch might co-operate with any .others that might be formed in the district, He referred to the fact that a number of the farmers here were opposed to protion, but thought that eventually they would come round. He attributed the low price of maize to our open ports, through which our markets were flooded by imported grain. He .thought a league such as they proposed to establish would soon become a.power- in the district. Mr.. McClintock concluded by proposing that, "In the opinion of this meeting itis desirable to forma Protection League, to be styled ' The Wingham Protection League.'" Air.. .Cole-seconded the resolution. He thought the object * good one, as it is necessary for Protectionists to band them- selves together, so as to return if possible ene representative to Parliament at next election. Air. McLaughlin, sen spoke, and moved nn amendment against the motion, but it was not seconded. The resolution was put to the meeting, and carried. Air. AlcClintock then read a paper bearing upon the objects of the League, and directed particular attention to the fees' of membership, which he advocated should be small. He thought the question of affiliation with the head society might be discussed at a future meeting. Air. Flett, frotu Taree, said, that if he was permitted to make a suggestion, he would advise cooperation. If leagues were formed, he said, in the various towns on the river, managed by their own committees, a Council could be formed which would be composed of representatives from each body. A strong bond of union would then be established, and with' the Protection energy thus directed, they would be able to exert more influence at next election than horetofore. On the motion of Air. Al'Clintock, seconded by Air. E. Neal, the fee of membership was fixed at Is. per quarter, to be paid in advance. On the motion of Air. Cole, seconded by Air. T. AlcCartney the following gentlemen were appointed as a committee, pro tern, to draft rules and regulations, to submit for the approval of the members : Messrs. J. Al. Conroy, sen., S. M'Cliutock, T. AlcCartney, E. Brown, John McDonald, Robt. Stone, E. Neal, and the mover.. Air. M'Cliutock moved, and Air. E. Brown seconded that " A general meeting of members, and intending members be held on next Friday week, 27th, at the school of arts, for adoption of rules, election of officers, &c.; On the motion of Mr. Cole and Mr. John Al'La.ughlin, Air. AlcClintock was elected secretary, pro tem. The Chairman said they would be glad of the assist\nce of Mr. Flett, or any other friends who might feel inclined to join the meeting. The secretary then enrolled the members to the number of thirteen. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting. The following conditional purchases were taken up at Taree on Thursday last:—100 acres, Bootoowaa, Alexander Alurray ; 50 acres, Nabaac Creek, William Cusick CONDITIONAL LEASE 50 acres, Nal>aac Creek William Cusick " WOMEN NEVER THINK.'"'—If the crabbed old bachelor who uttered this sentiment could but witness the intense thought, deep study and thorough investigation of women in determining the best medicines to keep their families well, and would note their sagacity and wisdom in selecting Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters as the best, and demonstrating it by keeping their families in perpetual health, at a mere nominal expens*, he would be forced to acknowledge that such sentiments are baseless and false. " Picayune." 