CHAPTER VIII. LOUD OF ALDERBOUGHS AS LAST, On the deck of the Ounard steamer, twenty miles out, the rain pouring in torrents, stood JJunmston. His oap was thrust back from his forehead, and all the damp, rich looks were bidden. For the first time in twenty four hours he breathed freely. He had been a close prisoner in his state-room. Whether or not Isoline Huntleywas on board he had no means of knowing, though he had listened in feverish anxiety for the sound of her voice, fancying it might reach him. He had not been in the cabin yet. The greenish white water churned into foam by the screw of the great steamer had long ago ohanged its quiet tor the deep swell outside. The eky was steely gray, with not a clond in sight. The decks were wet, slippery, and solitary. Here and there two or three old salts made their appearance on the forward deek. The cap tain stood motionless on the bridge; the steersman bent his shoulders to the exigen ces of the hoar, and Dunniston, wearying .of the monotony, turned to go down, when he noticed a cloaked and hooded figure com ing up. For a moment hit heart beat almost to suffocation. The hat, the veil, the water proof were all like Isoleae",s. but then hats, and veils, and waterproofs are so much alike. He stood aside as she gained the upper deck. The voice was familiar. " Oh, Mr. Danniston 1" Bat it was not Isoline's. " It was so close down there it nearly made me sick. Ob, 1 am so glad to see yoa 1 All I oar party are htre bat Isoline." | He pat op his hand to lift his cap that she J might not see the change in his face. But shfi heard him utter: *' Good Heaven 1" be tween his teelbr - -----— " I knev? yoa woald be sorry to hear that," she s^d f-with a carious little laugh. "So yoa Bee yoa,fell I be obliged to be contented with confoany of theplanet's satellite* Instead of the planet herself. Too bad, for we mk not pos^SiljUjiBBolejbn." ■ " Don't be too sure£"1^TkauIa.—Bet j —I thought it was all arranged. " So it -was. The great lntninary has done nothing for six week but study maps of the Continent—bless you she knows all Earope ; no need for her to go ther§. But all.at onee ebesaye 'girls, I shan't goi" and nothing could say Or do seemed to shake her reso lution—neither for a long time would she ! give the ghost of a reason. Betty found oat j 1 didn't—that she had received & foreign letter the day before. Whether that had any ting to do with it or not, I can't tell." Again a shock that shook the man to the . very centre of his being. He had dared all, risked his very soul, and this was the result. So far, Ieolene was lost! /' Give me yoar arm, won't you, Mr. Dun niston ? I declare, it is the first time that I ever had to ask that favor of a gentleman," ana Miss Laura laughed again in her own stealthy way. , "I beg ten thousand pardons—I—I have been travelling ail night." " Ah, that is sufficient apology. I know nothing that 'will make me so absent- minded as loss of deep. Ton are lorgiven." Together they paced the deck till the rising wind and the unsteady motion of the vessel made it desirable that the cabin should be gained, and Hiss Laura clung to her con ductor in a way that might have flattered some men, brilliant and pretty as she was. In the oabin the ladies flattered round him, each one solioitous to secure him. .Walter Danniston was esteemed a eatch. Was he not next door to a title ? But among all the ladies, only qne followed his move ments with jealous, heart- breaking glances. That was Laura VeschoS, die who had just come from the upper deck, a Polish girl, un scrupulous, daring, nod intellectual. Before he had met Isoline Huntley, he ha<T alinoBt declared his preference for her, and she had given her whole heart to him—in a word was madly In love. By some adroit management she lured him into a corner. "leould tell you, if I chose, something of that letter," she said, with downcast eyes; butmind, itwaa not told to me by Isoline." She saw the only way in which she could interest him was to talk about Isoline, He turned to her, bent his whole attention to winning her confidence. His emila dazzled her; the touoh of his hand, car essing hers, thrilled her. " Mr. Dunni ston," she said, abruptly, «• were yon ever awrried?" . He had not expected this question, and it took all the latent power he was "iMtw of to keep his countenance unmoved. 41 And what if I were ?" he queried, coolly, ** would that be the unpardonable sin in Miss Isolene's eyes ?" "I rather think it would—provided "—she blushed * little, then dashed at the words— "your wife were living 1" " Ah, that alten the case; -pray who has been slandering me f 1 trust Miss Huntley does not imagine that I would insult her by fordng my attentions on her [in such a ease." "Indeed, Mr, Danniston, this letter not oriyapp^eofyonr marriage,bat that yoa had " Ten thousand curses on the dastardly in former (" cried Danniston, with a sadden passion. Then after one or two heavy i breaths.he ssw that the glriby his side had I turned deadly pale. u I ask your pardon, Miss Laura, but ft is hard to be slandwed be hifld ipoof back, harder still to think that * "Then there3s no troth in It whatever?" she asked, flushing again. ~ "Half truth," he replied, with his usual serenity. " I hare been married, but my wife !•&»&" His voice had grown hoarseand low. He was conscious of an inward trembling, a fcato iod »loathing o! himwtlf, of every "Oa, that a.esunta fjr ii," Slid MitB Laura, drawing a long breath. " After alt, one mast blame Isolene a little. Do yon know, were I loved, all the world eould not make me think ill of the beloved." This she said looking into his face with dewy, dark eyes, her bright month a little unsteady, the long lashes curling against her brows, " No, upon my eoul 1 I don't think yon would." he responded,- with a glance of tm dissembled admiration. This was the crowning aureola of her hopes. For months she had been longing for just that glance, and in vain. " I wonder if he's going to flirt with me throogh the voyage, to console himself f" was her thought. " I wish te Heaven this girl had Isoline'e fortune 1" was hit thought, and then he looked down and sighed. If he could only have seen Xsoline before his departure, that once might have been his golden opportunity; but now she was still free, and all the world was oourting her. "Time to dress for dinner 1" said Miss Laura, gayly, conscious that for a proper toilet all tne braids and papiUottes must come down, that were now snugly tucked away under iter hat. Fortunately I am not one of the victims of mal de met—are you?" ■ •• - " I am never sea-Bxck," he said. " Then we must be friends on this voyage, sworn to put up with all the dullness and monotony, never to get angry at oards, and never to miss a meal. . Au rtvoir 1" " After all," mused Dunniston^s he turned away," I believe I always liked Miss Lanra best; and as it is " He frowned, and pressed his lips together. Perhaps a a vision came before him of a little white hand. Hurrying to his state-room, he made a few changes in dress, and threw himself moodily on the sofa, under the bull's-eye. A paper that had been thrown upon the floor after serving the use of a wrapper, attracted his attention. He took it up. The date was a fresh one. "AhI maybe this is the paper. I don't think I've looked at the newspapers for a week. Curious I didn't ask Bad den the date of his news. He's an addle-brained fellow anyway." He went over the paper patiently. It was of that day's date. . Suddenly, just before he turned to hiB last page, he uttered a loud cry, and Bp rang to his feet with an almost frenzied motion. His eyes gleamed, opening to theix widest extent; his face changed all over—grew for a moment flushed, then darkened, and he dropped like a log on his seat. In that paper he had read of the unex pected death of the only person who stood between him and a title. The paragraph read thus: " We regret to state that Lord Dunniston died on Sunday, at his residenoe—Alder boughs—of apoplexy. We chronicled the death of his nephew a week ago, who was thrown by his horse while on a hunting ex pedition. The next heir to the title is a rather wild nephew, Richard Walter Dunnis ton. Dick left his home several years ago, and is at the present time sojourning in Amerioa, to him, therefore, will descend the honor of keeping up the state of Alderboaghs. WeTs^Ueve the money was left away from the heir expectant of the title, and trust the young man may oome on with a line fortune, acquired in the new country, by marriage or otherwise." " Well,"and Dunniston drew a long breath, " then at last I am Lord Danniston. Lord Dunniston 1" he repeated sonorously; his voice fell again—" but as poor as poverty it self. My bankJhe'Iils just a hundred and fifty pounds, wpit'Sn a wager. A pretty condition that for-a man to be in who expects to be thefuture master of Alderboaghs—a house -that eats up more than that-sum ina week." He lifted himself from the sofa, and stretched to his greatest height; then Btood' and mused: "Lord Dunniston 1" he mu tered, gloomily, " and why shonld it have oome to me ?" If the had had more faith in me—faith in me 1" j and he laughed bitterly. " Well, at all events, j we are quits now: if I have lost something, j so has she! By heaven 1 she will suffer tor- i tore when she learns it. I know her proud j nature. Yes, I shall at least make her suffer. As to the little Lady Laura"—he laughed to himself—" the 'lady1 suits my little Polish woman very well. She would suit it, too— suchTavismng taste in dreBs, and quite as pretty—not so regal, but more lovably pretty than my Isolde. Pshaw J what am I dreatc ingoft. A more absolutely foolish ri nance could not be cooked np. No, it won't do; but I must see what effect the news will have. I'll manage it after dinner." -He was very gay daring dinner. Miss Laura's heart leapt to her mouth when she noticed that he had contrived to changeseats with an old Dutch farmer, who had made money enonghJbo "go aoroes," in order to sit by her side. Ah! « was A-dacgerous position . for her—loving him as she didfoabaotutgin fatuation. "™'~ " Miss Laura/' he said, just after dessert, I've some very odd news to tell you. Contrive to get the rest of them At oards,or something,. will you ?" . I 