SOnOOL OF ARTS. DAMPIEE'S DEAMATIC COMPANY. Sh&kespear; ia not popular in the provinces, because it ii io seldom that companies visit them capable of doing justioe to the great dramatist's compositions. To this circum- stance we may attribute the fact that there was not a crowded house last night at the 8ohool of Arts to witness the play of Hamlet, with Mr. Dampier in the title role. We question if the piece has ever been better put upon the stase, and its inoidents more strikingly realised than yee ter eve. The Boonery speoially prepared for it is about the finest in Australia. Kaoh is a work of art, and heightens the effect of the events it is supposed to encompass. The dresses of the players are also seemly and ap- propriate. Hamlet is in himself the play, and the character received from Mr. Dampier a splendid representation. Never have we seen the various moods and passions of the melancholy Prince find a more capable exponent. To enter on a critical commentary of Mr. Dampier's Hamlet would demand more time for reflection, and greater space than we have at our command. Familiar as we are with the famous soliloquies and deep moraliaings, they seemed to acquire a new beauty under the artist's interpreta- tion of them. Mr. Dampier has a good pré- sence, and be has a rich full voice, which he ness with rare taste and skill. Rarely, in- deed, are dramatio power and elocutionary excellence so happily combined. Theo bis actions form by themselves an interesting study. Even when he spoke not, they conveyed a meaning to the audience which the latter failed not to catch, appreciate, and applaud. There can be no doubt the Hamlet of Mr. Dampier ie charac- terised by an individuality, beauty, and force which reflect the greatest credit on the powers of its creator. He waa well sup- ported by the other members of the company. M ¡BB Russell made a charming and interesting Ophelia, though her tones were not pitched high enough for the acoustics of the ball. Miss Koohefort played her little part very gracefully. Mr. Wynne os Horatio ; Mr. Stoneham as Claudius, King of Denmark, Mr. Holloway as the Ghost, and Mr. Martin as Poloniua, all did ample justioe to their parts. The speech of the Ghost was well spoken, being delivered in hollow unim- passioned tones, and tbs words pronounced with admirable clearness. Hamlet is, in thc opinion of some critics, Mr. Dampier's best representation ; others accord préférence to his delineation of Iago. The* Utter he will present to playgoers to morrow evening, and we hope there will be a large, and, we have no doubt it will be a pleased, audience. To- night the delightful Irish drama " Shamus O'Brien " will be put upon the boards. 