OUR LADY LETTER WRITER. My Dcav Enid.—Your account of tho new skating rink which Mr. Wallace !ms just opened makes mo long for a tu.slo of ita joys. Nol but wji,at wo Jihvo a rinlt in Bowral, mid for tlio matter of tlmt 0110 in Mittagong also; but although tho former possesses a very good thiol" and pretty big spaco.it snfi'ors wlion compared with (ho rinks of tho city, which in their turn spoil you for anything <4ess: howover, uso is socond naturo, and I daresay continued practice would soon uso one to tlio limilod space. As for the hall used for this purpo.so in Mittagong, it is wretchedly small and unfilled, not giving tho rinkor a ghost of a chaucc to glide round in graceful curves, in fact I am told tho votaries of this fascinating ploasuro do not tako tho round of the room after the manner of most rinkers, but simply rinlc up and down just turning at tho top. This is certainly rinking under difficulties. I have also hoard that tho Mittagong rink sudors from a want of patronage by tho fair sox. This is inexplicable —that iho most popular city amusement should liavo but a sickly existence in tho country bospcaks bad taste on one sido or' tho nth or. And any enthusiastic coursov on tho wheels will not bo backward in pronouncing judgment against those who do not or cannot enter into tho spirit of tlio I fun. A few weeks ago I was lamenting that tho days woro gottiug too short for picnicluug, but win tor brings its own dolights, and rinking in my humblo opinion is ono of thom. A little practico at the Bowral rink would just help one to ovorcomo the first difficulties, mid what delightful private ' parties could bo arranged in placo of tho summer outings. I really cannot toll why so few of these 11tlio breaks in tho monotony of country life aro ■thought out and acted upon, lam really bo^inning to think it is becauso there are so few "cii!lemen iu the lotvn to set. tlie ball rolling or inspire tho fair sex to groivor exertions. Very likely ono half of thoin think whatever is tho uso of doning cosy I'll s tin l becoming cap, sliirt, and trim hotlines for no ono to see but ono's sialors, coiism*, or aunts For tho -o who heap in th-'ir .-.hell for i.i/is reason, I-shonld think that the aclnii a ion and envy of il-ieir fonialo friends would hi; a si in lit. subs' ituto. What, do yon say ? Besides u,| tor a tit I -1111 sure they would go from pure enjoyment. I believe the floor can bo ronl.od from tho club, so you seo, niv dear, it, is tho Bowral girls'own f.iuli..if fih-.iy do nit become premier rinliorii. There is a lady .staying in oiir midsl now, whose rinking costume 1 should like to seo donned. She is tall, 'dark, and in llowy, with bloom of Ninon on her cheeks, which of cou'rso gives a very brilliant appearance to nn otherwise nidilterent comp!oxi-..ii. Having soj turned long on the continent;, she h is returned wiili some Of ihi! Bavarian ■ Hkating costumes (which are I'amol for their brilliancy) and tho foioi0'ii not o i of their lit-noss for tlio purpise. IniMgioe this ono, a bright yellow merino or cadi mere of aomo kind, richly trimmed- with brown fir, made short enough lo display tlio dainty foot, a bo i and mull'of the same kind of fur, with a yellow I'ur trimmed cap. Do y >n think you ' could mustiT up enough com ago t> appear in this at toe ■ i5hto ?. The i here is anolh -r—a brilliant mulct cloth,'trimmed with bands «f Wc!t pin p'o, iv /vii without fai'.-i ; if a innlY is wanted .»s a «0iM. of Jia H-rest, it is mado and trimmed of similar material to tlio costume. According to our notions they are. simply 'hideous, but of course worn at night time on a frozen river with the attributes of faint lights, white.vistas of i-n 'W, hosfs of merry ska o-s, and gay music, ih sy probably would oxperionco a judicious toning down. Tho hints you gave mo in your last about rink cosl'imos were vory much appreciated. Wo have all di-cardoil thoro horrible improvers or sioels ; always hi 1eously ungracefnl, they so. ni much ni re so when the'.roarers nro |iorch«d on-'oi of wheels, if aho bo a iiovico s v nging nn ,t, adily and ungracefully, or ii un adopt -\va ing gracefully, but. witu thi« ono.miiy offo-moji kijopinu lime in a purfoc lv ludiuio s ma inor. Then 1 do n ii ihink our liiut about, high hoels uero even need - .\ f<<r every j>U'l knows ihoy are ho-h nil i rafoi'iab'n and dangerous when tho skates are s rapped on, besides beiny undeniably vulgar. Fancy any lad v.. lilting along in higli-heoled shoes now-a-days—fashion would have to be revo lutionised beforo -who til Ort'ed any such thing. I quite agico witii you that the plainer and, shall I. ad seautii-r rink cos! tumes aro made so.niuch the better. A I lady much 'hefurbclow. d, bedecked, and bedizotied, porched on tlni r -Hers, ■reminds mo of a peacock on stilis or a ship in full sail. Well, enough .for iho-present on thatsubject ; next time you visit Bowral yon must visit the rink, and note if -you see rmany swinging erinolotlos,- tilted high-heels, and superfluous draperios. Next weolt the | Philharmonic Society of this town intend J giving the cantata, Sherwood's Queen, and I many aro looking forward to it with much ' interest, not unmixed with curiosity. The performers will appear in character, and I suppose snmo attempt at scenery will be i ma<!o ; this, coupled with the fact that the music is extremely pleasing and effective, ( should contribute towards an ultimate success. Miss Wickham is taking tho part of Marian, Robin Hood's betrothed, and that of itself ought to be an inducement to this you rig lady's many admirers | to (in vulgar parlance) roll up. Mr. Tlios. i Edwards is to be Eobiu Hood, Mr. Davis Friar Tuck, and Miss Wylie Marian's maid. All the other characters are to be ably represents'I, and a regular treat is anticipated. Whether the performance is a sucoess or not, much praise is due to those who have boon diligently practising during the past months, and who luve had the courage to take part in so ambitious an undertaking. I believe the society is much iu debt now, sol hope they will get a warm reception and full house. You shall hear further if I am nble to go. Yours, <fec., HESTER. Doctors are Retting more and more in the habit of proscribing proprietary medicines in their practice, especially that known as Dr. .Bell's (Kimley anil Liver) Bitters for disease.! of the kidneys, liver, and Uii'ljur. They know from experience that it is ol 1110 e value in such d'seascs than any proscription they can write. 