A TRAMP AT NIGHT. THE SOUP KITCHEN. STARVING MECHANICS. The Soup Kitchen and Night Refugo in Kent-street is far and away ahead of the majority of charitable institutions in the greater cities of the world as regards man- agement and the treatment of pauper, i wnte paupers vigorously and vindictively. They may once have been men, but have now been swindled out of nearly all that constitutes the dignity of man hood. This is hard language, «»<l sill strike readers of this piper, per. bape, as cruel and uncalled for. Theu, I must try to justify my use of it. I dined yesterday with I TV men, bl) of whom were mechanics and skilled workers, 00 labourer and professional men, emfii.of wham Had the right, if h« chase, .to exercise it properly at the ballot-bos, to say he would not be a party to placing in power a Government which,by encouraging foreign manufacturers to nod a market hero for their warer, strangles colonial industries and induces the ri''flMtiiw of pauper and the growth of distress. It most be borne in mind that tbe 1PJ who were at the soap kitchoa yesterday do not represent the whole number of the poor mechanics in the city. There is a floating Ust of names, amounting to perhaps GOO persons, who are thus receiving relief. Fifty, who were there yesterday, will not attend to-morrow. On Monday there may not be more than a dozen of those present who eat a pauper's meal to-day. The men have chances to gut a day's work occasionally, and they will not be men at the Refuge for a week. It is a terrible, a disgraceful result of a fatal policy of misgovermnent that so many should be eating the bread of idle ness, and the thcogbtfu! man who itm'b at tha door of the place and observes the pushing and surging mob as each strives to be first past the post in the race to the dinner- table cannot hut be affected by a fueling very much akin to disgust. By their own act thu mechanics and labourers in the city, have brought about the present dupforable re mit.. Blind tn the rent of the witfon, tl t»v .-Lnvuted thu hoa-vl n'f>- juu vi u-i-dl fat 1 them. Fair words butter no pars nips," and the firmest believer in a Free- trade policy, will admit that a three-hours' speech by Porkes would nob satisfy him, when starving, half so well as a five minutes' rally with a four- pound loaf. And the charity occupted those who visit the soup kitchen is not the free-will effering of a large-hearted liberal Govern ment, but the gift of tho |wople of the city. Tho meat, br«rad. and other things used, are supplied by merchants and traders, tho charitable are asked to subscribe, and the Govern ment gives comparatively only a very trilling assistance. Yet at tho toblo of the Ifofugo may bo seen mechanics repre senting every class of skilled labor, humbly and thankfully eating the bread of idleness induced by tjie help they gave to the perpctuanco of a Foreign-trade policy, which has robbed them uf employment and independence. The couuortabio building in Kent- street, lo which the first man out of work in the city will bo able to direct tho en quirer, is three stories In height, the upper floors occupied by dormitories, tho lower by dining-room, kitchen, waah-houie, and tuo neceuory out-buildings. Admission is by ticket, which may bo obtained from subscribers, and armed with tbis "open susoue." t presented myself, ono of a number of dead beats, at the outer goto ou Thursday night at ti o'clock. We were shortly admitted, and our names, occupa tion, und addresses, religion, married or stag!?, and ago being taken down by a genial old gentleman at a desk on the iiuridc. Wo were escorted to the dormitory. Boots were taken off below stalrs,'and a goodly assortment of corns, warts, and bostons were shortly exposed to view. And here tho first tiling thatstruck one was tbe fact that no two feet are exactly alike, except, perhaps, a couple of two-foot rules, hut even then there is no rule without an exception. Tho next thing which struck me was the change In the atmo sphere, consequent upon tbe sudden re moval of PJS boots. But the building is well ventilated, and the oppressed air soon recovered its elasticity. Escorted by the janitor to tho upper regions, we were assigned our bods. Each man undreaed, placed bis clothes neatly at hand, unfolded nis blanket on a springy wire mattress, smoothed down his pillow, threw out bis upper blanket, climbed into a steering place as soft snd comfortable as a swing ing hammock, and— the gates being closed at was at rat for tho night. Smok ing is strictly prohibited, as is talking, uxcvpt in such subdued tones as may not annoy others in tho rcom, and tho the usual bedroom quiet is shortly notice able. One or two of the applicant for steeping accommodation object to this early retirement ; but tho majority admit they are as well in bed aa elsewhere when they have no money. This Is a solid fact. Trumping thu street empty pocketed and hungry is a pastime a man can thoroughly satiate himself with between six in the morning, and six at night. And the manager advances a very solid argument, in favour of this early closing system. The house is always full by half past six, and to keep the gate open later, would only bo te annoy applicants by a refusal to admit. " Standing room only" is a notice never posted at tbe dormitory. When thu house U full the doors are shut, aod no more tickets will be taken. It was a long wait for a busy man, whose waking hours reach to 16 to AO every day, but the tired unemployed seemed to finu Uttle difficulty in sleeping calmly through thu night and dreaming my little boy of thee. Though tmoking is strictly prohibited, there is no restriction placed upon snoring, ami if a man devurit pitch his snore in a key high enough to scare the cats off the roof, or so low down that he cracks the cement on the basement floor, he may give hi nasal organ the fairest, fullest play all night long ; and most of them do. Tbe dormi tories, of which there ore two, contain 64 buds each, and a warder at thu und sleeps within hearing of any disturixuice. 'Ibis, however, doe not often occur. Every effort U made by the authorities to keep the place thoroughly clean. The blanket sre washed frequently, thu pillow-cue changed weekly, and careful examination tiisde each day that no lodgers other thui these admitted by ticket remain on the pteuiises. At about half-past 5 all hamls are turned cut, and n move mule for cite lavatory, which contains on ample supply of basics, cUan towels, ond other toilet requisites. Breakfast, consisting of pir- ridgu and tea is then served, aud the d.Kirs being opened thu refugee goes forth, about ten minutes past 6, into the street once more to wander about ia suarca of work, wbieh he cannot gut very often, till noon. C would remark that, thongh many of thu lodgers were old, there were not a few young and strapping men. The, in re sponse to my inquiries, told me thu story I have so often heard, " I cannot help going there, I must rlevp and eat, but there U no work exempt an odd job now and then to be had, and a man must live— or die." Dying doe not soem to be any more popular amongst the poor than the rich, and I daresay thu Lazarus of to-day objects just a strongly as did the Dives of old time to becoming a quiet, composed, and homely ghost. There is a brutal wftticisin current in regard to the necessity far living, which we often hear. One will say "u man must live," and thu ready answer come "Not necessarily." And this kind of answer la what thu Govern ment of to-day give the poor man. He says, "I moat live." They reply, "Very well, live if you wont to. if you like it t if not, you can; you have served our turn." And so thu poor devil who has sold bis birthright for a soup-kitchen mu«u of porridge, wander about town seek ing work— not from the paternal Govern ment of the country, bat from those who, oppressed themselves, have no work to offer. Thu manufacturer would gladly employ labour if tho probability of a return were imminent, but few people are philanthropic enough to speculate » sovereign in aa investment which will certainly not return more than 16s, and may return nothing. to win divine, but we have yet to meet the man who take the odds about a horse which Is scratched. Protection ia to-day the scratched hone In the race for pro gress, and the old, apuvioud, knock-kneed wind-galled, wall- eyed mule of Foreign- trade stagger lamely along with Time, the other competitor, many length ahead. Or, to put tho thing so that any one Bnacratand it. Free-trade is keeping us back years behind our time, and not until tbe colt Protection 1 set going will we catch up to the period in which we ought to be moving. Please do not run away with the Idea that this is my own opinion only. I reduced the opinions of a dozen or two of my companions ia misfortune down to these few sentence, a"'I serve them up thus hot from thu oven. At high nooa,w assembled ferdiaoer, 179 hungry sou's all told, ami at about 10 miuutr past 17, the door opuaud. ami the I crowd in a gentle but forcible manner, en- I deavflured to crowd five «!eep through u I wicket, which allowed only on.. t» v£uL thu i tbln, that two could, without diffi culty, havo squoexed through an aperture which would not permit tho pas sage of tho Premier. There was, however, no "language or disorder. Tho pluck and "check of the Australian workman was noticeable by reason of its not !>eing present, and insteul of the hearty " Jack's a good aa bis master" stylo, I noted thu fawning " Yes,sir»" and " No, Sir," old world man. Within tbo gate we were formed into single file, the bell wether of tho string of sheepish individuals being an old follow, who once, and not very long ago. made a decent living, selling now paper. Now, it will scarcely be believed, when 1 say thut this old man told me tho policy of the present Government affected even bis business. Ho knew me, and when osk<il him why he did not follow hu business ho told no that within the Inst two year thing had bren so dull that men who formerly earned good money at trades or as labourer bod been forced into other lines, and many had drifted into thu news paper runner business, to tbo superseding of older and less actiro men, wbo were consequently driven to tho poorhouse. When tho door was opened in tho banquet hall, the official m attcndanco enquired of uach man his name, ond a conversation sometldng like this took placu:— Your name f John Brown. Country ? A. E. or S. (or n it might bo). Religion? Married, or unmarried, or widower? Ago? Occupation? The answers in uacu case were duly noted on a slato and tho candidate for a square meal was passed on to the inner guard, who received bis ticket and allowed im to take his place at tbo dining table. There are tables to scat about 200 at once, but these were not all set out. At regular distances on each were placed a pint basin filled with good, competent soup, thickened with oatmeal and containing various kinds of seasonable vegetables. It Is not bog-wash or greaay water, but good reliable soup, and It is no disparagement of the force to say that a bowl of it on a winter's night, served by a pretty girl in a quiut kitchen, would seduco the wariest coua table, oven up to a sergeant, off hi beat. Accompanying tbe soup is a spoon, an article which all will admit is useful in such a crista as getting away with a plateful of hot soup. Alongside the soup- bowl is a lamp of bread— not a piece, but a lump— good white or brown bread, and a plate of meat, with a knife and fork. There ore no menu cards. Every man has hi bill of fere before him, and he can eat clear away down from Alpha to Omega In two acta. When sufficient are in poeltlon at the table (and not before) to quite fill one row, the chief bntler gives the word " Go." Every moa clutches hi iron spoon, and, seizing his soup tureen, sails in. The salt is placed in a saucer, and a quantity, to taste, is placed in the bowl or oo the plats, and for five mlnnfe little is heard, save tbe jerky sounds which accompany tbe swallowing of soup. The fluid Iming disposed of, an attack is made oo the solids, and a each man transfers hi rilotment from tbo outside to tho inside of his person be picks up his hat, which each on enter ing removes ami place under the table and passu out by the front gate. There is no specific amount of food pro vided. Tbe waiters cut or allot what, in tbuir opinion, is a sufficient quantity, and with what it given him therewith must each be content, lie may not ask for more, but he ia at liberty, if he has not eaten the amount given him, to take the overplus away. As each finishes bte dinner, re brings with him the basin, plate, knife, fork, and spoon he has used, and places it on a sideboard. Ths frag ments arc thrown into a bucket, and re moved to n twill tub, and a uach new arrival presents himself, he is supplied with a clean supply of crockery, and » fult allowance of food. All sorts and condi tion cf men were present yesterday. There were doctor, school masters, banker, and other professionals, but, strange to say, a lawyer has not yet ap- phrd f«.r uduibalcn. Why this is so, Is at eu:e af parent. The learned profession in \ ti>i city is led by wUe people, who know y th«>rwayahrut,andtbuluMferlight,fo!iow- \ irg the example of the stars in the legal \ liiuament, gravitate in a circle which at \ tract its little share of dross, even ont of tie miseries of the poor. The trades ortrally represented yesterday, were livided a under: — Blacksmiths tl, wheelwrights 1, carpenter IS, cabinet- makers 17, gardeners .1, fettlers G, yi uoginuen 4, clerks II, sailor 7, miners 4, cooks 5, firemen 3, tinamitha 3, up. bolaterers 3, draper 4, stonemason 4, boilermakers 3, tailors 4, grocer 3, but- cbera 6, saddler 3, shoemaker S, plaa- . tetvn 1, bricklayer 3, labourers and un classified professions 70, or a total of 170% find there people ate and drank at tbe same table, under the some- circumstances, for hunger makes nwn equal. v The building is as clean as an angel's > conscience, and there i less sign of dis order at any time than may be met with in on assemblage of mum- - ; Lets of Parliament met together to :'t do honour to a lord. The men say r .. no thing at tbe table; they do not even ask ajbletsing, but they devote themselves to ' A< the business before them with a whole- ytq soufodfieta which would give promise of successful Issue to any other enterprise V? fn which they might engage. There Is no -- necessity to cry order; the men keep quiet, - and at the conclusion of the banquet ' V- tbej leave in the same undemonstrative manner which marks their entering. Tha kitchens and storerooms are pictures of neatness ; the yards are asphalted and kept clean. There are half-jwdozen bath rooms available, with hot and cold water, on Tuesday and Friday, and there is a liberal arrangement of necessary con venience. The 8ydney Refuge tea model lodging house, but its existence la a disgrace to a country so young aa New South Wales. 