The Sea Serpent. ) ihe Sew York. Sun) ®gted, mid the newspaper oia> atS toWeirif Covered off etch Hall a few days before, the mysterious was encountered recently to the But we can tell fhesfe sharp young men of the newspapers that ihe existence of the sea" serpent is no jesting matter. It has been a subject of serious scientific discussion for many years past, and zoologists are now by no means disposed to seoff at tbe possibility mat there is in the sea a creature such as Gaptain Delory reports having seen, and which may be a modified type of monsters of past geological periods of wbich we have the fossil remains. Captain Bclory describes tbe Point Judith' sea serpent as having a head like an alli gator's, with jaws that 4 looked to be at least five feet in length, and were studded with teeth six inches long, while the eyes were as large as the crown of a hat. Back from the: head ran a huge fin, which was - kept straight.' The entire length he estimates as about seventy feet. This recalls the graphic description of the fossil ichthyosaurus and plesiosatrrus in Hawkins's 4 Extinct Monsters of the Ancient Earth : ' 4 The ichthyosaurus had the back of a porpoise, the head and sternum of a lizard, the teeth of a crocodile, the paddles of cotacea, and the vertebrae of fisb. 4 The plesiosaurus combined in its struc ture the head of a lizard, with teeth litre those of a crocodile, a neck resembling the body of a serpent, a trunk and tail of the proportions of those of a quadruped, and paddles like those of turtles.' The eyes of the ichthyosaurus, by the way, were of enormous size. There is, accord ingly, no doubt that at one period of the earth's existence the sea swarmed with creatures not unlike that described by Captain Delory, and that some of tbe same, or a modified type, remain, is suggested as not impossible by Agassiz,nd alg-jbyErbyt , |mhis>J Bjfidgfiwiifer Treatise.' 1 The many reports of mariners that they have actually seen monsters resembling or recalling these are commonly explained as optical delusions, such as the mistaking of a number of porpoises, swimming One behind the other for a continuous body, or a line of seaweed for a veritable serpent of enormous length. But the accounts are too numerous and too particular, and some of the observers have been too intelligent to make such an explanation satisfactory, and the more so as it is offered by men who were not them selves among the witnesses, and who cannot deny to seamen unusually sharp and accurate sight as to what occurs upon tbe water. The stories of ihe mariners, too, are positive testi mony. They, say that they have seen tbe sea serpent, while tbe others can only say that they have not seen it, and that they do not believe it exists to be seen. For example, in 1848, Captain MacQuhae, of the British man-of-war Daedalus, formally and officially reported to the Admiralty that he and three of bis officers and several of his men plainly saw a huge sea serpent, which he particularly described, during a voyage from the East Indies. "When this report was published, Professor Richard Owen, the cele brated naturalist, ridiculed it as describing an impossibility, and argued to prove that by an optical delusion the captain had mistaken a great seal for a fabulous sea serpent. 4 A larger body of evidence, from eye- witnesses, might be got together in proof of ghosts than of the sea serpent,' concluded Professor Owen, who regarded the negative evidence against the existence of the monster, or the absence of any recent remains of great sea serpents, as stronger than the positive state ments of the captain. In other words, Pro fessor Owen contended that Captain Ma cQiih ae could not have seen the sea serpent because he himself did not believe there was one to be seen.. Thereupon the captain replied to Mm that there was no 4 possibility of optical illusion,' and that he had only described what he and his officers and crew had actually seen in broad daylight, and while he was under no excitement, but was simply seeking with calmness to obtain data for scientific purposes. "We must remember, too, that sometimes what scientific men have declared to be im possible has afterwards actually occurred, as when Dr. Lardner scouted the notion that a steamship could get across the Atlantic. Positive testimony cannot be upset by merely negative. Therefore we suggest to the newspaper young men that before making sport of Captain Delory' s sea serpent, they set about acquiring some information on the subject from tbe voluminous literature regarding it. They will find that it is not all funny, but very' serious reading, and they may get needed intellectual discipline out of it. 