: i^TEBTAtiaMpm ..... On Friday,' May 25, Miss Jenyrts'rnade her final appearance before a Liyunceston audience as Kosalind in 'As You Like It,' the performance also being a benefit one to Miss Jenyns, arid the last 'of the Hollpway season, which lasted for fourteen nigh'ts, the first performance haying been given on May 10, when' Hopdman Blind.' was per formed. ' Twelfth NightJ' -was next pro duced; followed by 'Leah, the Jewish Maiden,' ' The Merchant of Venice,' ' The Magistrate,' aud concluding with ' As you Like it.' On the whole, the season was a. successful one, artistically and financially, though Shakspeare's works could have been produced in a more effective manner if the company had been composed. of, more cap able artistes. Of Miss Jenyns' performan ces, but liotle more, can be said in their favor than has been, said; and , her best characters undoubtedly were Portia, Leah, and Rosalind. Mr Holloway; is an excel lent cat.erer and deserves universal .thanks for producing such high-class performances in so. creditable a manner, but as an actor in those performances he cannot be awarded equal praise to that deservedly bestowed upon his accomplished protege. ? As 'Malvo lio he was too '.heavy,'' and painfully careful; his impersonation of Shylock hat been many times surpassed ; . and Orlando has frequently been, performed in a more easy and finished manner by men. who, if they were not younger, certainly looked so, and gave a more correct rendition, of the part;of one of the sons of . Sir Epwland de Boisi But- Mr- Holloway is entitled to praise for his efforts to : make everything , he un dertakes a success ; and perhaps it is in his great desire to do so, whereby he makes his acting' rather1 laborious; 'that1 he fails in the desired end. The resVof the company was composed of persons -not possessed of ability capable of supporting Miss; Jenyns in a fitting manner; but they may all be credited with haying done tlieir best in this direction, although their best could have been much improved upon'. -However, as stated above,1 theseason' was a' successful one, and the performances afforded Laun cestonians an opportunity of witnessing several good plays, rendered i in a manner that 'has been seldom excelled in this city. On Friday evening the theatre was crowded from floor to ceiling, every^seat. and every foot of standing room being .occupied be i fore eight o'clock, and many persons were unable to gain admission. Thie audience was most liberal in its applause, and during ; the evening the fair Rosalind; was fairly i loaded with flowers, approving acknow . lodgement also being made of tlie efforts of ' the other performers. That Miss Jenyns is exceptionally well qualified to 1111 tho part of Rosalind, as far as her personal appear ance is ^concerned, cannot be gainsaid ; and ; that she had given this character, which is 1 considered by many to be the;best ofShak ; speare's [heroines, careful study in all its details was evident from her pleasing in terpetration i of ' it. Her acting in the character of the page was remarkably gooii, more sothan in the first part, and her per-; formance lacked nothing in the matter of picturesqueness or finish of execution. Her . Rosaiind was equal in point of merit to her 1 Portia. Mr Holloway played Orlando with , the apparent desire to carry out the idea of the author in a manner that to him seemed correct. Mr Norman, as the exiled Duke, gave appropriate dignity to his part;' and ; Mr Richard Stewart's Jacques was very creditably undertaken. His delivery of 'All ths world's a stage,' or ' The seven ages,' was weak arid lacked correct expres sion, but the rest of his part /was well sustained. Touchstone was not a suitable part for Mr Inman, but he did bis best to give it with effect, and was not entirely unsuccessful., Mr Hodson, as Adam, and. Messrs Greenaway and Carle, as Sylvius and Corin, require more experience, the two latter especially. ' Miss Nita Steele played Celia only moder ately, and the same fault is to be found with this character as in her previous re presentations. The remaining parts were suitably undertaken. The two songs by Amiens, 'Under the Greenwood Tree' and 'Blow blow, thou Winter Wind,' could with advantage have been omitted, as the result was quite disturbing. '.; V . Most of the company left for Sydney by the'Corinna, on Saturday last, yia'Formby, and the remaining members, including Miss Jenyns' took their departure by. the Flinders onMonday. Miss Jenyns had' .a large number of friends on the wharf to bid her good-bye. The company commence a season of four weeks at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, to-night, at the termina-? tion of which Mr Holloway and- Miss Jenyns contemplate visiting ' London, where it is Miss .Jenyns' intention to appear in Shaksperian performances supported by a first class company. Her appearance be fore a London audience in - plays ' which have had -as exponents such excellent artistes as . . Mis '. Ellen ,', Terry, , Miss Mary Anderson, arid'others, will be looked'- for- ward' to, with much interest by1 her ad mirers in the colonies. - , With reference ; to Miss Jenyns'appear ance dressed in a scarlet' robe, as Portia, in the;coiirt scene, the statement that the in novation - was., introduced: by Miss Mary Anderson,', has^elicited some discussion.' In reference' to' the1., question' we' may.state that Miss Ellen Terry appeared as Portia in ,a scarlet robe some considerable |time be fore; Miss Mary Anderson, had' attained' much' popularity, and, we' believe, be fore Miss Anderson donned the dress ; and the former should bo credited with' the de parture from ' the customary black gown^ in preference to Miss Anderson, although both ladies have long since abandoned it. ???..- . ' ; ,. . . '. A successful entertainment was held on Tuesday at St. George's : Schoolroom, Inroraay. It partook of the; form of a concert and magic Ian torn .entertainment. Two 'buses left Launceston with a good number of passengers en route, and during the evening the hall was crowded.' The magic lantern was imported by Miss Whitefoord, who worked very hard . to muke it entertaining, and thoroughly well succeeded in her endeavors. The views were exceedingly good, embracing 6cenes from the principal places in London and continental cities. The views of jubilee demonstrations at Spithead, and of the Queen attending with her household ser vice :at Westminster on. jubilee day were greatly admired, as also were the Parliament Houses. ;A series of views, representing spring, summer, autumn, and winter, among a number of others, were also highly appre ciated. The musical portion of the enter tainment was no less enjoyable. Besides those previously established at Beaconsfield, Sheffield and Latrobe, skating rinks have been formed at Longford and Deloraine, where the amusement has. been largely availed, of. The visitors to the Columbia Skating 'Rink, at the Pavilion, are still very numerous, and a high state of efliciency is exhibited by : all who indulge in the fascinating pastime of roller skating. A tennis match was played recently which created considerable interest. The hat carnival is being anxiously looked forward to and promises to be very ? successful. ' Madame Melba, better known in Vic toria as Mrs Armstrong, made her debut, in London ! last week . at the Drury Lane. Theatre. The opera performed was ' Lucia di Lammermoor,' and Madame Melba took the title-role. She was received with great enthusiasm, and she achieved a Euccess, that will, in all probability, prove the leading event in' the opera season. The critics of the daily Press award her much praise, although some of them are slightly captious, and say that they must await her appearance in a less hackneyed role. On Saturday evening last Mr Warner appeared as Hamlet at the Princess Theatre Melbourne. In refering to his performance the Argus says :— A Hamlet which is not conventional, which departs in many im portant particulars, and judiciously so, from the traditional type of the character, and which is the product of independent thought, sustained reflection, and of an earnest, afiectionate, and reverential study of the text, deserves a hearty welcome, arid is. entitled to respectful criticism. Such a Hamlet is Mr Warner's, and its presentation must be regarded as an inter esting theatrical event. . . . . It is gratifying to be able to add that Mr Warner's essayiB an honorable achievement. His grasp of the character is broad and str.ong.and it can scarcely, fail to become additionally firm and tenacious as he pro ceeds; ' The portrait, the leading features of which he has so skilfully seized upon arid successfully presented, will grow under his hands. He will continue to fill in delicate details, to add heightening touches, to soften the high lights wherever necessary, and to graduate the shadows, so as to perfect and complete the picture. .... The undulating lines of Hamlet's character, which, as Hazlitt says, has all the yielding flexibility of a wave of the sea, are admirably exhibited by Mr Warner, whose soliloquies, moreover, are delivered meditatively, and as one thinking aloud. We never remember to have heard the ' To be, or not to be,' given so excellently well: There was nothing formal, deliberate, declamatory, or even consecutive in it. The thoughts seemed to rise from the depths of the Prince's mind, like bubbles sparkling to the surface of a stream where fishes rest below. .... In Hamlet's interview with his mother, and the reappearance of the ghost in her closet, we have a fine ex hibition of dramatic power. This is an occasion which tests an actor's capacity to the uttermost, and we are bound to say that Mr Warner emerged triumphantly from the ordeal. In the display of i such varied and conflicting emotions— exultation at. the supposed death of the, King, admira tion of and affection for his father, scorn and detestation of his uncle, shame and indignation at his mother's unnatural arid incestuous union, awe at the sudden appari tion, of the Ghost, self-reproach at his own irresolution and procrastination, remorse at having unwittingly slain the father of Ophelia, and the struggle between his latent love for his mother and the horror inspired by her misconduct, an actor has an arduous demand made upon his highest powers of interpreting human passion; and.. to succeed as Mr, Warner does is to win- .-high rank in the profession. Mr Warner had to respond'to an enthusiastic call before the entain at the end .of each act. The rest of the company acquitted themselves with credit. ] ' -; '??': ' ',', The perfprrriances of the French Comedy Company,' at the Freemason's : Hail; 'Mel bourne, have attained a complete sue cess Since the. bperiing night; large audience's have1 ^witnessed each performance.and' the finished acting of each artiste has: been re ceived with much warmth. — Through a . , I i sudden indisposition Miss Amy Sherwin . ; i was unable to sing tho part -o£ Maritana at; ?' ' v the Opera- house, on': Saturday night, and ?;' ; ' at short notice Miss Minna Fischer took \ the character, who proved a most capable subtitute. ' The Bohemian Girl',' was per formed on Monday night, when owingto con timed indisposition, Miss Sherwin was un able to appear as Arline, which was sus- \ tained with satisfaction by Miss Minna Fischer. — Mr Bland Holt's Company per formed 'Taken from Life,' on Saturday night. The Same piece was to be played ; for five nights, after which Miss Carrie Swain's Company were announced to ap- ? pear at the Royal. — ' The Octoroon,' with ; Miss Ada Ward in the part of Zoo, was given at the Alexandra Theatre, last Satur day to a very large audience. The per formance has been referred to in compli mentary terms. — ' Hans the Boatman 'is still proving a great attraction at the Bijou Theatre, which has1 been filled each night : . since the first production. The pretty ., scenes which take place between Mr Charles Arnold and the - score of talented little children he gathers . around him, are as novel as they are delightful, and there is an innocence about the whole production that is thoroughly -pleasing. Mr Arnold appears next at Adelaide. . ' ' Dorothy' still holds its own at the Theatre Royal and 'Clancarty ' continues highly attractive at Her'Majesty's. 'The Pickpocket ' has replaced ' The School for Scandal' at the Criterion which is nightly filled to overflowing, while Rickards's com pany are having a highly suceessful season ; at the bpera-hpiise, and the burlesque com panies at the Royal Standard and Academy are doing profitable business. ; Mr George Darrell is still in Adelaide and is receiving; a large amount of patronage. On Saturday week 'Hue and Cry,' the plot of which we gave a few week agot/ was performed with evident satisfaction to a large audience and repeated during the week. Last Saturday 'Soggarth' another of Mr Darrell's plays was produced.— : Tommy Hudson arid his company contimie to .be well supported.— The Skating Rink has achieved remarkable popularity. Up' to date nearly'8d,000 persons have visited: therink. \- MissVonFinklestein'slecturesin Adelaide have created extraordinary interest (says a Melbourne paper). The desire to hear the I' talented native of Jerusalem, who has hnd to repeat all her lectures, is as great as' ever, '? but arrangements for her appearance in Melbourne were, made several weeks ago, and it is announced that she will give her opening lecture here (the iirst of a serius of five) in the Athenreurn-hall on Mbndny week. The excitement ' produced by the lady lecturess ariaongst-all sections of. the community in South Australia ift quite un paralled. The doors of the Town Hall has to be opened at half-past 5 o'clock, the sale of tickets for all parts of. the hall was stopped long before the commericemertt of the lec ture, and large numbers of people were unable to obtain admission. ?Barnura's great show is likely to open in New Zealand towards the end of the year. The great Phirieas T.B.. fancies a tour of the colonies will pay, and he is seldom out in his. calculations. In March last the weather was so cold in London that.at a piano recital Mr Bonawitz was compelled to dip his bauds into hot water to enable him to play. Mr Charles Wyndham, having boon asked ; recently whether actors earned as much in Germany as in England, replied ; 'Nothing like it.': When the gentleman who played ' Smith in 'David Garrick ' (at the theatre in Berlin) asked me what his English repre- ;? sentative received, and was told, lie slapped his thigh with impatience and exclaimed, ' Good God ! How I have wasted my time Why didn't I learn English?' Miss Mary Anderson recently brought her strikingly successiul season at the Lyceum Theatre to a close, aud a closely packed and brilliant audience assembled to bid farewell to the talented and popular artiste and herjClever company. : The cur tain rose again after its descent on the last scene of 'Tho Winter's Tale,' and showed ? Miss Anderson, standing in the centre of her troupe. Wreaths and flowers in abundance were laid at, her feet, and the request for a ' speech ' were earnest and repeated. At ? last Miss Anderson, advanced to the foot lights and responded; thanking the London public for their sympathy and encourage ment. Miss Anderson retired amidst cries of 'Be sure and come back soon,' ' Bless you, Mary.' The death is announced of Mr Walter Bache, the .well-known pianist. He was born at Birmingham on June 19, 1842, and was the fourth ' son of the Rev.' Samuel Bache, Unitarian minister in that town. In his youth Walter was more or less over shadowed by the early celebrity of his elder brother, Francis Edward Bache, who studied under Alfred Mellon, and as a child 'prodigy' of 13 played the violin at the Birmingham Festival under Mendelssohn. F. E. Bache died in 185S. After his' brother's death Walter was sent to Leipsic, wheiefrom, August,, 185S, to 1861 he studied under Plaidy, Moscheles, Haupt man, i'and Ritcher. Rarely was a music class rhbre important in its subsequent effects upon music in England, for among Mr: Walter Bache's fellow-students at Leipsic, were Sir Arthur Sullivan, Mr J. F. Barnett,' Kr Carl Rosa, and Mr Franklin. Taylor. : At the end of his Leipsic career 'Walter Bache resolved to: travel, ;? and lie spent the year 1861 at. Milan and Florence. In the following year occurred ? the great crisis of his life, lie had intended to return to London for the Great Exhibition of 1S02, but in the spring of that year ho met Liszt in Rome. The great pianist at once took a fancy to him, and the two be came more than friends. Walter Bache re mained Liszt's pupil till 1865, when he re turned to England. To Walter Bache wo owe the introduction of such works of Liszt's as ' The Legend of St. Elizabeth,' the ' Faust' Symphony, the symphonic ' poems, ' Festklange,' ' Tasso,' ' Orpheus,' and the ' Preludes,' the 13th Psalm, the Concerto in E flat, and many other works. Those who demand so persistently that everything about the stage should be made fireproof may be interested to learn that in the magnificent new Broadway Theatre, New York, the gorgeous plush, curtain which cost £200 had to be discarded, as a dip in the fireproofing solution would spoil it. Ilowevoi'i the New York commissioners sacrificed appearance to safety, and the plush curtain has to go. ' A new contribution to the history of Gosthe's 'Faust' has been discovered in the archives of Weimar. The poet intended to insert in his famous autobiography a plan of the second part of his tragedy. .? But when he had completed the second part he changed his mind. The manuscript which has just been found appears to differ in many respects from the actual tragedy. The Classical AValpurgio Night is said to be entirely omitted. .Faust wins and lose'3 Helen in quite a different way from that of the tragedy, and the whole exposition is biore tale-like. The discovery annihilates a good deal of the speculation of eminent ' Faust ' commentators, who will rip doubt have a word to say upon the subject. ' 