OUT OF THE DEPTHS A TALE OF TERROR. CHAPTER XXXYI.—ConltnucJ. "Xovcr, never with my hatred!" groaned Baymond. " Ky lore shall pursue you eron to death. It ahull grope after you down tho dark portals, lint your crimes appal mo." " All this," moaned Do villanrillo, "have wo merited. But ono thing more remains, and that is death." Madame foil upon her knees, and walking upon them, tried to embrace tho kncea of hor son. IIo eroded her. " £iity, mother, I cannot permit it ! To mo you ahull asauao no humble attitude. To Ood alouo shall you bend that.fair person. Think you I forget that it was love of me that led you tu crime ? Lovo overgrown and morhid, rot lore still r" "Hark v oxciaimcd Dc Villanrille. " Was that a trowel I board?" " Yes, down in the vaults, where they made tho grave of Do Noyau 1" responded Baymond hoarsely. II is father's hands fell weak and powerless at his side. Madame screamed and grovelled at the feet of licr sou, accuser, and judge. 41 O Heaven!" alio murmured, "how sweet would bo death ! My darling boy, I gave you life ; in return for the gift, giro rao death. It was with pain, my son, that I brought you into tho world ; by those sorrows, my Bay mond, 1 conjure you to dismiss mo from it." 44 Catholino, Catholina, thy swoet image is before me 1" murmured Bay mond. "Cruel! cruel!'1 sobbed inadamo. " Ho cannot see how !ure can turn to crime." The young man paused; his pur pose for a moment faltered, lie struck his foot thrice upon tho tloor, as if to summon ghosts from tho vaults below. De Villanrillo turned his back toward his wife and son, and tfioa followed a stunning report. He did not fall. Haytnond rushed to him. Ho had attempted his life. IIib under- jaw was shot off. lie had placed tho muzzle to his mouth, but through too much baato, had done tho fearful work imperfectly. Tottering, with u hollow groan, bo sank to tho tloor. There was a rustling of feet and an opening of doors. Catholina and De ftoyati, her father, entered with slow and solemn tread. Tho s>cctacle that met their eyes made their faces look as white as those spectral beings that Baymond had seemed to evoke. Bayuiond saw only the mutilated form uf his father; who raised him self feebly, and stared ntj Do Noyan and Catholina. Madame looked up, shuddered, shrieked, and became im:ouscious. _ 44 Father, .forme me." entreated Baymond, falling upon his knees. 44 These aru not shades of tho de ported, but realities. Do fiojan escaped through tho drain. Catho lina was saved by Dr. Merigny. In very deed you have not committee murder. De Noyan, speak! Catho- Una. »>puak!" 44 lly the mercy of God and Jean Lot:i«, ' I live," oaid De Noyan. " tin- incri-v »u timi uuu 1) vtor Mc-v.y, f j.I-j L'uiho 'i . v- .. ices reculnM madatuo ir-'iu her Mousieur held up hi.- hainh. ; an exprcsoioti of gratitude aud joy beamed from Id uytn, wuieh trembled a moment aud then cl.jstd for ever. Their last look was upou Ilayuioud. Muilame de Villanville was veyid from the room insensible. Months elapsed before she recovered her reason. Baymond watched over her uieanticuo with the most devoted affection ; and it was his lore that finally wooed her hack to conscious life. Her j>enitence was undoubted and deep, and without affected demon station. Catholina saw her but a few times. Tho delicacy of Kaymond prevented the silent reproach of her prvseucv. Finally, tuadamo disap peared, and the world knew her no more ; but it was reported that she had immured herself iu a convent. This was probably true, for Baymond was known to make frequent visits to a distant convent. Tho next year a party of five por tions, attended by two servants, one of whom was the most faithful Joseph, trarulled through the most interesting countries of tho Old World. These were Dr. Paul and Catholiua, who found it impossible to lire apart; Hay tun ml and Mademoiselle Edna, who had compromised so thoroughly that the doctor no longer feared a rival ; aud the fifth, De Novan, whoso health and happiness seemed complete. Jean Louis, the bricklayer ot the Old Barrack, and tiuzanno, bis wife, kept the old chateau during a pro tracted bridal tour; and neither was haunted by the sound uf a trowel in tho vaults below. THE E2CI>. 