CR.RENT NEWs. Illt.D: OVER0 : Itl conelquecnce of the pr'-- :reol , r time anld splac we :ire Il } al let . pt'. tt:.: i, i airy into the cause of O'Sullivan's death; and to condcnce our re 5p :ih lu10 :.: p1'. his ear, and tithe usual pre.; elnniry, the exlanatiin was vntouchstafed : "Yer sec, he lit hi shirt toff, uand he hit his itanll down, and. yer see, little It gave hint x stinger." Oh! said our reporter, antd the light dawned peni hint as hlie thought over the rhymes of his childhodt, '" Ilow doth the little ts, ." .' Moral-Avoid an angry B. andi bless the provident fore thought of the council. Constablc Johns'tn will he most lhatppyt to supply any infor nation required to cleidate. this enigma. 3LAtFFrtA Sllnw : The countutittee iof tlhe fortheoningt Agricultural Show, to he tehl at 3aieffrat on lst inst., have (reports the "Slpectatr"') tIeen imost indlefutigable inl tlheir exrtionst-for the past weelk eslee intly-in pntting matters in working order. Exhibits are itrriv\ing fast, Iand their wi.rk I is eut fonr the next It days. Special trains will rnun from varittst centres, antl the Ministry, inclu.ling tie Plremier, aCe to ibe invited through our i l cal m' mher MIr. Alan 31'l~ea. It now only reqnires the weather to prove favom'abhl h? make it the tot?ct llce- ful gathering of the kind ever hehl in Gi l.pl:::t,. T'he- "Noew.' states thatt the pInsist of litirn s le intenlh pat ronizieg it largely. S'it' Ai or ' IY T IIIIt i Il:vr : N .o wit er that typhoi f'vet'r i ds wh't n lat n walk ab ut with the diret :,c in this IaIt ir, said Dr. IYo l at tihe Melt or i Illt,,pital to-day. (hOr wortl ity (i Ctio?er was hohling an itleltot touching the death of It I ganill n11 ite ! Itilllll+ e] orry, 'who was arrl'lesl ml in the street tton Satlte;ay l a iti lutrg.e tof Viagrancly. The in to li; afterwarl' ttl:kIen to the Melhborne IIm-pi:a,, and thae.ide:ce of Dr. Rennie tsh ottd tlhat ldeath re litidt, from typhor l fetutr. '1)tr. Yin1 I pinted iutllhat ,great ldager t-itls ctnled tot t the lblic litehm, t'i perltnts with ityphold fever usinglK lt-ol ilices ttactlr :, trailwayt SatiOlns and si her places.--" iHerald." Pelcl ll.ntlll CtitIL I '.lv?etl r : "Tie tl,i?.rt(l i fLs of the itarton Palper Mill were brought to a suhlIen .toppaKge on Saturday last (s:ty: the"Geelong Advertiser") in a maste: tracrdtinary fashion. A shtal of eels swept down the rihtCr,-andt mteetint with the buckets attached to tle turhine wheel which drives the mill machinery they roiled them solves therein and effectually prevented the continuationof the wheel's revolutlins. If coulrse he tsesllllen csstioll of work was not accounted for Intil sone hours after it occurred but the cause, as slated, ?was tinallly discovered. On the buckets being raised to the surfaces numbnler of plnnp ell, reward led the Inill elnmployes for their enforced holiday. The till hat remtoed opelrations Ils!K TrlAne : Well, acts of necessity comnpel, and that .must be thie excue fur the buisiness people of Mlorwell to expltin the reasonll for so mucIiiih ,')l']k being dome (on Sudl hy nlast. On ac1cont of thil Sl w, !these whose hbsine~s were inmmediately connected with it, were tbliged to work Ieoth acrly and ltte to get Idone in suflicient time. \- As A.tt'':r, I.ein:fr : On Tuesday last, Mr. .;Laidlaw was drivingf a itdshing trotter down C(lomlmercial Rd, when the tanlillmal clnrnieteed to enter a lprotest against the pace at which he was driven. lie tried to enforce thlis by lashinglnt with hdith heels, with the result. that the dash hoard of the light buggy %%ad.riven in and both feet imprisoned I this position aid \- edI by the leverage thus obtaintl the ;thima wtas ettabled to procedl ilt his two ftore legs, but he c;tne to .grief in trying to tnegotiate the bank of the table drain near [s the railway fence. Io ewas qticekly relested by I e peope whttIo had been attracteld by Ithe circumstance and the stentorian sholts of our well-known General of " Stick to SL-_ " lhang on to him LtI a llmucl h in thesIllallt ltner as ant inexper irmed bidde.r might be fixed by the eagle eye tof Ithe attetioneetr, when barracked into e Preventling his otcatpe. ''The n of Vulean Sthad the lilau ih whlly on his sidle, as le . Iri. m ,In ntlly returned wilth it decide' d c'ase of ".relpirs,"in n a sulbdul:d ImannIIer, but Smerry twinkle in his eye. It 'fi: IIecotInt BnlIe.N:X : On, with giant \- strides down the mtin road of .M'trwell in Sthe dalrkness ,f Mowdlaynight, lbut nulled by tlie penetrating rays of the one en idle I power light of Ilthe couneil's lanps, scubh.d i gigantic form, tlesentinig ill the terrify ing aspect of it ghost. iSto\IwhaIt r a;tsued by the sub taniual tread, our lo purhr passed o", turning over in his mind . what it moldi all man, and why was this !ha . Nx hlow l Ishou l' of l lghterll' , IIotI - pllnt LOc.tL. OrrTo PAr:. Thue irso t local option poll under the provisions of thel Amending Licensing Act, took place at Port Melbourne on Saturday amidst eon siderable tlxeitemlent. There are at present 48 lhotels in theh Iorough,ansthe object of the poll was to reduce tr eto he the statutory ntolher of 24. The result of the voting was. for 2-I hoses, 581 ; for 48 house-s, 440 The hotels will therefore, be reduced o one-half. DirIsttrtentA : 7We regret to state that one of Mr..lope s childrle succlubhed to an illne.sof a very short duration on'1 Thurs day last. The child a day or so before, coslplailnd of sore throat, Illt it was neot accomlpanied Iy any alartning symptolms rd fear was felt until too lato for mtedical treatment. Dr. Montgosmery suspects thisto be acase of diphtheria, and he has ordered the State School to ibe closed. Milch regret is felt for Mr. ansd Mrs. Jepeo in their bereavement. F!ATAI. Accttn:?T : An accitdent resulting in a fatal teomtinati on Iofel aIr. Sullivans of Yinnnr. lie twa returning fromn the Show, when ihe fell fromi his horse on the ridge and he was kilied ltt tlhe spot. The dlecesedl was a well- known repairer, and an old resilent. At nu iqttircy held syester day, a verdict af accidental death was re turned. Jtu'ttA.\ S1ow : In an advertisemennt which appears elsewhere train arrangements st will be found. Those who are desirous of ti vioiting the Slhow will be pleased to learn el that a special train will leave Warragul on tl Wednesday at 7 5. n. a. stopping at all in tcrmediate sations and arriving at yMa~lfru at 10 20., a. in. This will return from MaIlra a at ti. 5. p. in., aund arrive at Warragul at v 10 35 p. to. Return tickets will be available a at holiday excurMion fares by this and ordi nary trains till tcxt day. A DISCOMFITIED HOnRSEIAN: Much amnsuemetlt waos created at the Show ground F by the clUver e egmanner in which ai horse dtis- l posed of his rider at i jump much iun the same way as was done with the sailor. In thitl inostauc, howeter the horIe mnade no dificulty iof gtting over afterwards him self. TunE BRAss IlBND CONCslnT : A really tirst-class concert took place ott Show nigi in the LMechanics' Institute int aid of tihe Mlorwell bras, banud. M.r. Iintolt eliciently discharged tite duties of chairman of an ex tremely largo and appreciative aundicuce. The vocalists were all well received. Miss Iee and Mers. Illamptor and other visitors especially being encord. The brass band played several selections in a remark ably creditable manner, which showed con olusively the very great progress made since formatiton. The recitations oft.iessrs. Coon and Cotreney were well receivedl tie formtr evvokin:i roars of laughter from tit autdicele ve;rcially i his renldering of "lphilnm. St,ace i. not at our diepotal to give the ex ttieted notice we couild wish. Slflice it to say 'whereL all wa+ so good it would be invi iditus tto make particular comlllett. ''he returns sh oul -o :alderably augment the llitZEitWooiD COAl( . M111; : The -Syndicdate ti who have pirrchaed the Ilazelwooi:l Coal , Mint leIases des nte, iutted to carry on the sl work i1n a pcrfncitry Intllner. Ti 'Il It l al t agent Mr. W. Tulloeh has i litructiotn toI etlngage mil to clear out tihe boith shafts alt o tunnel in order t hat'e.epert., who. lnext week h owill b i?t:le to visit the ine ie toleterminie tL!t prteciS? nt.ttUretf e iet trt metntcs to erL- Ot ply for flture perittanetlt operation. It it etlllcltly nertrcl a large numblllller of imenti will be hoirtly employed with a view to the tIhoriough evelopment oft thet Ine. PIeTTY 'l'it'Tll : Soie miserable mean thief lrd1 the audacity tolbreak open the, d,,ori of the shedl on thie Showt ground, end remove 'imne of the exhibits that. had been left itl fac:ied security. We will be ploacd tolcarnt that these petty thicvte unm: be se cre:d, as a warning to others of the ilk. F i??- ?itt ' n 'rs: Tuere ,itre oovlr litO en. i t, l e, . i.f;+ .er vaI ,,L evta i.i el Ea-t r ! lt s, " f sir O's- i .;: te n.- lt~ l ta-it. .. II .+SocY F.m: : The (iippsland Inter nationalt fancy fair in aid of the newi 'Catholic Church at Sale. closedl n Saturday Si tast nlhich prtove strceessful beyold ex peectti n. OI'tENtti N?w HOITEL : H-ost Murldoch had his house optlned to the plllic for the " tirst time on Tmts l y last. Inl his tmuch generous style " free hotise" was kept to ilnngtlral o tel ilaspicioes otcasion. We made at tour of inspection through the building, and were thoroughly astonished a at th completeneS. ti aste, ant d elaora;te l details in which even the miirror parts had been executedl. t is eertainly iln tructure c ornint,.ii. and design, far before ainy struentre of the kind in GippIland. Iln next issue twe will give a complete des- s crillion of the iprenises. T"'rutAiiiy AtnseNec.-T'i'he rl 11 J G a Wilson started for Macedon last week, t itwhlre lit inltelnd to enjoey his well-earned Iiholilahy for i fewt weeks. The rev gentle man aas beli enil threatened with a bronchial t affection similar too hait he experienced solie ?years agn,whelicn nsiderablly affected his vocal Organs. ft is gratifying to know r that ere lie was pernittle to depart, lie was t I nade ilte rieipihnt of a chttqite in liquil ationll of his expenslles, as i naark of eCteeimi friomi his congregation. We shall lie gladt to congratulate Mr Wilson oin his return, anitl wl hoe that lie will restuue his duties wih renewedl health and v'igour. S Ilos-al.tte: Roseldale ihas issued it very Sliberal prograti le for its E:aster uMonday n Sportsi . Thurslty '22nld, has tlen fixed for Snr.linaltoion, and the ]andlillcap will he c pnblished oni tile following Monday. it The Emnperor in this ]liter states that he will, as far as possible, avoid violent S lhpolitiat hangies. Ie1 will llow llie hpast poliev wilh regard in the imitinteitI ncl e oI f the u army andvi navy, il olrder thaint ithe En d pihe nts" be protected from any danger that Ialy arie. He will obsterv, religions tolrifnce, lout will support ecr nomici tro r- ess hi the utImost lf his lability ; lie will enfoirce e~olnl icallll ll ihiinislrll oonI , so flar as the G'overniient of the eolllhy is con cernelid, anld will do all h1111 le'rin tfo lighten the talXttinll oft tlhe p.'ple of the ti ' P nlpih'e. 