VARIETIES; DnngcrH of the Deep.. ' A derclict is anything that has been forsaken or abandoned, and, as applied to the sea, it is a vessel that has been abandoned by her crew, and left floating on the ocean. Dereliots arc much more plentiful than a casual observer would imagine. Besides vcssels&unknear; the coast, in sufficiently shallow water to make their protruding masts danger ous to passing ships, there were, on an average, seventeen floating derelicts in the North Atlantic reported to the Hydrographic cflice for cach month of the year 188G. J A larger number of them was sighted in the ' late fall, winter and early spriug than during 1 the other seasons of the year, no doubt because there were then more dangerous storms on the 1 ocean. Some of these dcrclicts drift around, 1 month after month, at the will of the wind and ' current and arc reported lime after time by passing vessels. The most interesting wreck that has been reported for some years is doubtless that of the dcrelict schooner Twenty one fr'unih. She was abandoned on March 21, 1885, about one hundred and seventy miles east of Cape Henry. Being lumber-laden, she continued to float. Pier masts were carried away clos-e to the deck, so that there was tut little surface exposed to the wind, and her progress was almost entirely due to the current of the Gulf Stream. Her track across the Atlantic was directly in the route of the European steamers, by whom she was sighted many times, and whose captains doubtless grew to regard her as worse than twenty-one enemies ! The last report received placed her about seventy miles north of Cape Ortcg.il, Spain, on December 4, 18S5. She was probably towed into some port by the Bay of Biscay fisherman, who must have regarded hsr as a rich find. During her long cruise, she covered some three thousand three hundred miles, which made an average of about four hundred and twenty-five miles of progress each month. The bark Rowland Hill was abandoned on February 27th, and last reported on November 12, 188(3 ; tho derelict schooner Ida Francis zigzagged between Bermuda and the east coast of Florida for nine months; the schooner Livin S.JlIclson was wrecked onFebruary 27th, about one hundred and fifty miles east of Cape Hattcr&s;, and was last reported on October 3, 188G, about two hundred and fifty miles south of Cape Race, Newfoundland. Each of; these vessels was lumber-laden; cach has drifted hundreds of miles and reported many times, and one or all may bo sighted again. A number of similar ca&es; could be »iven where derelicts have been reported nonth after month in tho highway of com merce. Fogs and icebergs are encouutered only at a particular period of the year, and within certain limits of the ocean, but derelicts are liable to be met anywhere and at any time. A ship striking ono of these water-logged vvrccks would be apt to sustain about as much damage as if she ran upon a rock. An in hospitablo coast is known at night by its lights, the presence of icebergs by the chill ot the water in their vicinity ; but during darkness or fogs there is nothing to indicate the presence of a dcrelict. Sometimes, when it is found necessary to abandon a vessel, her captain is thoughtful enough to 5et her on fire. Sometimes, if the sea be smooth and the weather favorable, a captain, on meeting one of these derelicts, will lower a boat aud send some of his crew to fire her, but this is also a rare occurrence. Reports are occasionally received of ships being injured by striking wrecks, and no doubt some of those that have left port, and never been heard from afterward, have been lost in just this way. During the year 188(3, one of the smaller steamers of the navy did good service by blowing up sunken wrecks ou the Eastern coast. It would be a harder undertaking to destroy derelicts in the middle of the Atlantic, but in a recent annual report, Commander Bartlctt has recommended that the government take the initiative toward bringing about an international agreement for an efficient ocean police. Perhaps the most novel derelict, on record was that of the great raft which it was at tempted to row round trotn the Canadian coas*-. to New York some months ago. The attempt failed, the towing steamer broke away from the raft, and the great mass of logs was left to float about directly in the path of vessels' coming into New York. Fortunately, the raft was speedily broken up, and the logs were scattered, and no serious casualty is known to have occurred from col lisions with them. A word on the subject of buoys which have gone adrift may not be amiss. While most buoys are small and insignificant, a few arc large and heavy, and might do considerable damage to a ship if run into at full speed. There is a small number of lighted, whistling buoys at important points on our coast. These are of mammoth size, and act as beacons, and at the same time, they give warning by the noise they make. The whistle is automatic, and is sounded twenty or tlmty times a minute by the action of the sea. There is a chamber into which gas is forced, and it is lighted by means of a lens-lantern at the top of the buoy. Of course the gas must be re plenished at regular intervals. One of these enormous buoys was driven from its moorings off Cape Hatteras, in December, 18S5, and, after taking an involun tary journey of about twelve hundred miles, it was, on the twenty-fifth of the following May, captured and towed into Bermuda by an English steamer. It was in good condition but evidences of its long trip were found in the large barnacles adhering to it. When it started on this cruise the gas was soon exhausted, causing the light to become extinguished, but doubtless the whistle con tinued to pipe lustily with every rise and fall of the sea. Imagine the dismay of some superstitious mariner, whose ears should be greeted by a half-dozen violent whoops in the small hours of the night, when he comfortably believed that no object was within miles of the ship. — Lieutenant Ji. Jh Underwood, If. -S. JV. A rcccnfc biography tells a good story of Henry tho Fourth of Franco. A certain M. dela Vieuville, in tho service of tho Due do Never*, constantly importuned his chief for some order in recognition of his services, and finally, at D j Nevors'a request, tho king- con ferred on him tho blue ribbou of the Order of the Holy Ghost. 'When Do la Vieuville, ns tho ceremony of investiture required, said : ' Dornine, non sum dignuo (Sire, I am not worthy)' Henry pleasantly replied, 'I know that very well ; and it is only to ploaso my good cousin Do Novera that I give it you.' Onco 'Doe ' Smart, a noted Western ban dit, with two confederates, bought all tho playing cords in El Paso at Goldberg'? sta tionery 6toro, paying for them seventy-five dollars, and when questioned what they intended doing with thom, said they woro going up to the mines and oxpeoted to do a great business, but if thoy failed, would liko tho privilego to roturn thom what thoy did not uso. Goldberg con sented, and in a few days thoy returned with about half of them. This samo Goldberg wus in tho habit of furnishing all tho faro banks iu town with oards and upon receiving ordorofrom them, and having none on hand excopting those returned by Smart, he divided tho lot between tho different 'banks,' and on tho samo night, every ' bank ' in El Paso was 1 busted1 by Smart and a few of hie con federates. Tho last ' bank broko ' examined their cards and found that every card had been ' pinohed.' An investigation at oaoh bank, showed their cards pinohed in the same manner. It was found out next day that Smart.had returned these cards to Goldberg, and of course it was deoided that Smart and his gaug ?' pinohed* thom. The town wns too hot for him for several days after. It was estimated that the winnings ou that night wero about one hundred and twonty- five thousand dollar*. 