/ OUR HOLIDAY GHOST. I (Concluded.) Miss Austin looked v*u*y much intorosted, and turned to ine with an uuuiistftkable expression of triumph iu her face. Laura was plainly aliimicd ; nud 1 must confess to a iunuicntai')' sensation of < creepinoss' myself. Sitting in tho dark and talking about ghosts is calculated to givo an eerio feeling even to tlio most strong-minded of sceptics, and Mnviaremmor's interruption bad certainly como with on appropriatouess which was,"to say the least of it, startling. I tried, however, to let no trace of my -weakness appear iu my voico ns 1 banteringly remarked to Miss Austin : " 1 hope you are pleased with tho effects of your preachiug. Hero's Maria Emma so affected by your observations qii spirit-rapping and such things, that she can't go into tho pantry without breaking plates under tho delusion that 6ho hoars ghostly noiees.' ' Had'nt we better investigate for ourselves,' said Miss Austin, in a touo of mild, confidence, ' beforo wo pronounce it to bo a delusion ?' I was evident from her manner that sue really btlievcd tliis to he a supernatural do. monsliation for my benefit to vindicate tho truth of tho manifestations which I had been deriding. ' By all means,' I said with an assumption of eagerness. 1 We'll all go together.' Mariaremmer protested at first that notliing on earth should induco her again to visit that awful spot, but finally acquiesced, ' if missus would go first,' which Laura heroically consented to do. So we mavchcd iu procession to tho pantry. I took the lead, armed with tne kitchen poker (this was in deferenco to tho combined eutroatics of my wife nndthe servant, though for my part I could not seo what advantage a poker would be in the event of an encounter witha ghost; but it seemed to give them a feeling of security); Miss Austin camo noxt, Laura and Mariaremmer bringing up tho rear. When we got there, everything was perfectly quiot and in its normal condition. Nothing revealed itself or ear to indicate the presenco of any;liing out of tho common. Nothing could liav« looked more prosaic and of this world than the onipty beer-bottles and the cold remains of the shoulder of mutton we had had for dinner. Decidedly the most ghostly-looliing object we had in view, to my thinking, was a lean fowl of shaggy aspect which hung dojectedly from a pothook in tho ceiling, and certainly presented a most unsubstantial appearance, _ viewed in connection with tho thought of its presentation at table in the near future to satisfy tho needs nf four hungry people. ' Well,' I laughed, 'I hope your minds are \- at rest now. There's nothing here, you seo. / —Silly girl!' to Mariaremmer—'what a fright you've, given yourself and us about nothing,' ' Indeed, sir, it was something,' she protested. ' Nonsense I' Mere fancy. If there are any spirits here,' I went on boldly,' I call upon them now to signify their presence in the usual way—and bo quick about it too, or they won't have us for au audience.' Eap, rap, rap, rap, followed by_a sort of scraping, croaking noise, was the immediate response, as if in direct answer to my auda_ .cious challenge. My heart jumped to my throat. The women screamed; Maraircmma fled pcrcipitately ; Laura stood her ground, clinging desperately to Miss Austin, who turned to me and said solemnly : • Are you convinced now ?' ' Not yet, I must see and hear more.— It may be only the mice,' I said feebly, and fully conscious that tho explanation Bounded very lame and inadequate. ' Mice don't make a noise like that,' said she. '' I am sure,' she went on with conviction—'I aro sure it is a messenger from the unseen world. I wish I were a medium and knew how to address it.' ' So do" I, if it would, lead to a solution of this mystery.' ' Hark! there it is again.' Andagain we heard the same noise as before, an irregular knockiug, as on . some metallio substance, which produced a resonant hollow kind of sound, varied at intervals by the same rasping, scraping noise which we heard at first. •Oh John, let's go away from this horid house at onceimplored my wife with a tremble iu her voice. 'We can't go to-night anyway, my dear, and this knocking is harmless enough, iu all conscience,' I said, my courage beginning to return. 'And if Miss Austin cannot lay the ghost she has disturbed, I am determined to take no rest until I have fathomed the mystery." . The knocking was heard more vigorously than ever. ' Poor spiritsighed Miss Austin sympathetically ', ' how eager it seems to unburden itself of the message with which it is charged. And alas; there is no one that can relieve its pangs and interpret these mystic symbols. How I wish my friend Mrs. Anson was. here. She is a medium. I will write for her to come to- morrow.' 'No, please,' shivered Laura. 'Perhaps the ghost won't stay here if it finds it isn't understood here, and may go Bomowhere else. We don't want any medium—do we, John ?" ' Cetainly not, my dear. We won t have Mrs. Anson here. I don't meau to encourage ghosts to hang about these premises.' Renewed interruption—this time only the scraping noise was heard. «I'll eat my hat,' said I vehemently, alter a pause, ' if the noise doesn't proceed ft'oin rats; though how an earth' a rat could make those other noises and rattle away like a telegrab operator or a pair of castanets, I must own, gets over me for tho present,—Yes, and it comes from tlia I; corner, too,' I added after a moment, pointing to a etone bench, the space under which was some empty bottles ami an old broken niter.—Wait a minute. If it's rats'- — And I turned with a sudden resolution towards the door. ' Where are you going ? asked the others. • To borrow Captain Lewis's dog. I tl ink he'll be more use than a medium. ' What sacrilege;' said Miss Austin, horror depicted on her face. _' Fancy ; scttmg a dog at a spirit; somothmg drcauful will , happen to us, I am sure.' , ; . ' Oh, don't leave ua !' implored Laura. 1 Yon wait in the front parlour; I shan't be gone fivo miuutes and off I went. Captain Lowis was our nearest neighbour and lived about fifty yards away—a jovial old salt, who had retired from his profession a few years ago before, and sottled down for the remainder of his days in l?orthponllwyd, his native plnco. Ho willingly couscntod to lend bis little rough torricr Cymro for the purpose of the rat hunt, which I told him I thought was on hand, and oarno himself to sec the sport. ' If there's tny vermin there,' said lie, I'll back Cymro against any dog I know to give a good aooount of himsolf.' So. wo returned to tho sooue of action onco more. Miss Austin refused to sanction our outrageous and sacriligious proceedings by her presence, and Laura wont upstairs to comfort Mariarommor, who bad betaken herself to lior room and hidden herself under tho bedclothes, where she lay in momentary inspection of some terrible denouncement to the event of that night. No sooner had we got into tho pantry and lot tho dog loose, than ho went straight np to the corner I had indicated, and sniffing all round'it, commenced barking, and showing other -signs that his game was afoot. ' Something thero, evidently,' said the captain. ' Stay,' I said. 'I'll move tho old filter out of the way, for the dog to have a better obance ;* and I lifted it up and placod it on a slab at the other end of tho room. Now, then, Cymro, good dog.' Strange fo say, however, ' Cymro, good dog,' took no further interest in that corner but began capering wildly around and flying up at tho slab on which I had placed tho filter. •'Bust mo!' said tho captain after a pause, with more force than elegance, ' if I don't believe there's something iuside that old concern.' 'Wait a minute,' I rejoined. • Just keep the dog quiet.' Then I put my oar to the outside of the filter. In a few seconds. I heard nnmiatakeably the tap, tap and tho scraping noise inside the filter close to my ear. Tho mystery was solved. The ghost was indeed a rat insido the filter. The question was, how had it got. there,. and how could it make tho noise ? On closer examination, we found that tho filter wns .without a tap, and that the liolo where tho tap ought lo have been was choked np by something hard and roundish. This turned out to bo tho joint of a good-sized bone about four Inches long ; and the conclusion wns forced upon us that, incredible as it may. seem, the rat had abstracted this bone from one of the dishes, carried it too the hole, and succeeded in dragging its burden in after itself until the thick end of the bone got too big for the passage, anil stuck fast, thus making the rat a prisoner in its extroardinary retreat. Tho bone did not fit tho hole nil rouud woro it ayhs stuok, but was only contact with tho filter at two places, so that, white sufliaicnUy tight to resist the efforts of tho rut to expel it or drag it into altogether, tho bone was still loose enough to admit of a lateral movemoutftH 011 a pivot whon touched at tho other end ; and thus it was that tho frantic struggles of tho imprisoned rat produoed tho mysterious noises which had given us all sncli a start. I was not long before informing tho other iumntes of tho house that wo had captured the ghost, and I could not help adding maliciously to Miss Austin : 1 Do write for Mrs. Anson to como; wo shall want her to interpret its mystic symbols.' We did not think it safe to trust to Oymro's skill and liberate the prisoner in the semi-darknoss, so we placod tho filter bodily in a tub full of water, and wishing tho captain good night retired to rest. Next morning, wo extracted. the dead rat from tho filter, and all tho family gathored round with interest to look upon its remains. ■ 1 Hoie lies the ghost of tho pantry.' said I, ' more a ghost than he was when ho imposed on us Inst night.' ' Only to think, now I' said Mariaremmor. •0 you wretch, what a fright you gave us,' said my wife. ' Lot us play wif his tail,' said Master Jnck. Miss Austin looked ralher foolish, but said nothing ; and during tho remainder of our stay, the taphole of the filter was carefully bunged-up with a large cork. ! tiib end. j j 