FIELD SPORTING Cricket. ALBERTS V. WINDSORS. Teams representing the Albert and Windsor clubs met on the Albert Sports Ground on the 1st instant. H. Chapman captained the Windsor eleven and H. Silvester the Alberts. J.H. Cox and W. Hagan started batting on behalf of Windsor, Cockoroft and Silvester bowling. No separation was effected until 14 runs were registered, when Cox gave G. Dyer a chance off Silvester, which was accepted. 1—6 —14. Townor followed, and gave a chance with the score at 15 to A. Osborne (sub.) off Cookcroft which was declined. The score then advanced to 21, when Towner succumbed to Cookcroft. 2 for 21. Chapman came next and he soon lost Hagan, who played a good innings for 15, when Silvester made an exoellent catch in the slips off Cookcroft, which caused the dismissal of Hagan. 3 for 24. W. Fisher followed, but failed to stay, being bowled by Cookoroft. 4 for 24. R. Spry joined Chapman and by careful batting the score was carried to 35, when Chapman fell before Cookoroft 6—3—35. W. Byrnes was next, and he gave H. Symes a chance at point which was refused, and shortly after Cookoroft bowled him for nil. 6 for 39. The remaining wickets fell rapidly, B. Spry being the only one to show any opposition to the bowling, he compiling 14 by vigorous play, includ ing a hit over the ropes for 6 off Cookoroft. The innings eventually closed for 45. The Alberts were soon at the wickets, Cookoroft and G. Dyor appearing first to the bowling of W. Fisher and A. E. Towner. The score stood at 11 when Cockoroft was caught by Rait off Towner. I—2—ll. W. T. Fisher joined Dyer, and the score was not increased when H. Chapman made a smart catch at the wickets, and Dyer had to walk. This was off Fisher's bowling. 2—9—11. H. Silvester followed but failed to stay long, being caught and bowled by Fisher. 3—2—17. W. Young partnered Fisher, and with 5 runs added by the new comer, he drove Towner in fins style to the on, and W. Symes effected an excellent catch. 4—5—22. Tom Geddes followed and principally by the efforts of Fisher, who batted well, the score was takon to 40, when Goddes fell to Fisher. 5—4—40. James Geddes came and went, being cleverly stumped by Chapman off Fisher. 6—0—40. D. Dalton (Ipswioh) filled the breach, and lost W. T. Fisher at 44. The re tiring batsman had played in his usual neat and effective style, and mado one fine leg hit for 5 off Fisher. Ho contributed 21 when Chapman stumped him. The remaining wioketa quickly went, and all were out for 46. The Windsors went in a second time, and ran up a score of 58. The principal contributors to the total were W. Hagan (11), H. Chapman (11), R. Spry (10), W. Fisher (9), and A. Osborne (5 not out). These all played fairly well for their runs, more especially Hagan, Chapman, and Spry. With 58 to make to win, the Alberts went in for their final innings. Eight wickets fell for 37 runs, of whioh Silvester, by most careful play, was respon sible for 14. At this juncture C. Spry and J. M'Millan got together, and gradually the score was taken from 37 to 49, when C. Spry gave a hot chance to F. Osborne at mid off oft' Hagan, which was refused. He again gave a chance to R. Spry at point, which was also declined. The score gradually mounted amidst intense excitement until the necessary number of runs was attained, whioh was done by Spry and M'Millan, despite the exertions of Towner and Hagan in the bowling department. The Alberts won by two wickots and 1 run. Unions v. Windsors. The abovenamed teams met to measure strength for the fourth time this season on Saturday, in the Queen's Park. The wioket was in good order, and, overlaid with matting, it played very well during the afternoon. Parlane captained the Union team, who were strongly represented, though not at their best. Chapman had charge of the Windsors, who were pretty well the same as usual, Ned Sheridan and 0. Spry being tho new additions. Perkins bowled in his very best form and was ably seconded by Cameron. For the Windsors Towner, Dorsett, Hagan, and F- Osborne did all the work with the ball. The averages of Towner, Dorsett, and Osborne would have been better had the ohanoes all been taken. The fielding of the Windsors was at times loose, but they stuck to their work well all through. The contest will be resumed this afternoon. The umpires' decisions, with one exception, gave entire satisfaction. The following are th scores:— Uxion'9.-—First Innings. W. Voller, b. Dorsott 38 £. Hutton, c. B. Spry, b. Hagan .. .. 0 H. Perkius, b. Hagan 2 W. Pride, c. aud b. F. Oaborue .. .. 23 A. Charleaou, not out .. .. .. .. 45 T. Hughes, b. Towuer 8 A..Gromin, c. Rait, b. Towner .. .. 2 G. Dodd, b. Doisott 5 J. Parlane, c. Hagan, b. Towner .. .. 12 D. C. Cameron, c. F. Osborne, b. Dorsett .. 1 O. Hitchcock, absent 0 Sundries 2 Total 138 Windsors.—First Innings. W. Hagau, 1.b.w., b. Perkins 1 R. Spry, b. Perkins 2 H. Chapman, c. Parlanc, b. Perkins .. .. 2 A. E. Townor, 1.b.w., b. Perkius .. .. 4 J. W. Dordott, c. Dodd, b. Cameron .. .. 1 £. Sheridan, not out 2 F. Osborne, b. Perkius 0 C. Spry, c. Pride, b. Cameron 0 A. Osborne, b. Cameron 0 J. Rait, not out 0 Eight wickets for .. .. .. 12 Bowuxu AXALYBl3.—Against Unions, Gist innings: A. E. Towuer, 114 balls, 51 runs, 4 maiden overs, 3 wickets ; W. Hagau, 9l> balls, 27 runs, 3 maiden oven, 2 wickets ; F. Osborno, 54 balls, 25 runs, 1 wicket; J. W. Dorsott, 82 balls, 20 runs, 4 maiden overs, 3 wickets; C. Spry, 13 balls, 7 runs, 0 wickets. Agaiust Windsors, tint innings: H. Perkins, 42 balls, 8 uns, 1 maiden over, a wickets; D. Cameron, 42 balls, 4 runs, 4 maiden overs, b wickets. Alberts v. Stanleys. This match was commenced on the Albert Sports Ground on Saturday, both teams being well represented. Silvester, the Alberts' skipper, winning the toss, elected to bat. _ The wicket was a really grand batsman's wicket. Cockcroft and Dyer were the first to face the bowling of W. Munro and Grant, and carefully had they to play, as the bowling was well on the wicket, and it was not till after fully half an-hour's play that the telegraph board showed 10 on. The batsmen having by this time settled down, defied the bowlers, and it was not till the century was hoisted that they wore parted; Cookcroft succumbing to a hot one from Munro, after putting together 48 in fine style. He gave two or three very easy chances to the field, which luckily for him were not accepted. W. T. Fisher filled the vacancy, and assisted by Dyer, ran the score up to 158 before Dyer had to retire, being caught by the wicket keeper. The retiring batsman played sterling cricket, and had not before given the ghost of a chance, and his defence was excellent. W. Bradley was the next corner, but soon had to submit to the loss of his partner, as Fisher drove a fast one back to the bowler, and it was nicely held. He retired for a well- earned 37. Silvester followed and played out time, the score standing, three wickets for 186. The fielding of the Stanleys was very fair, with one or two exceptions, several oatcheß being terribly mulled. Nine bowlers were tried, but Grant with two wickets at a cost of 42 runs, and W. Munro one wicket for 62 runs, were the only successful ones. Appended is the score:— Albert C.C.—First Innings. J. Cockcroft, b. W. Munro 48 G. Dyer, c. Goertz, b. Grant 69 W. T. Fisher, c. and b. Grant .. .. 37 W. Bradley, not out 13 H. Silvester, not out 4 Sundries 15 Total 186 Bowling Analysis.—W. Munro, 204 balls, 5 maidens, 62 runs, 1 wicket; Grant, 114 balls, 4 maidens, 42 ruus, 2 wickets; F. Goertz, 30 balls, 1 maiden, 9 runs; G. Warry, 36 balls, 2 maidens, 12 runs; Oldmeadow, 12 balls, 11 runs; Pennell, 18 balls, 12 runs; D. Munro, 12 balls, 8 runs; W. Cox, 30 balls, 17 runs. 