THE AUSTRALIAN RAGE. (Spectator.} What is the Australian, race which, isolated on a huge continent for many thousands of years, was never able to evolve a State of the smallest kind, which has no sentiment of nationality, and which, apparently, has only suc ! ceeded in framing and rigorously apply- ing, as its sole achievement, most complicated and astonishing regulations governing marriage 1 We have read Mr. Curr's careful and impartial sum- mary, and the great body of evidence which he has laboriously collected, and we do not see that the Australian has done anything special except devise a system by means of which he prevents the marriage of blood-relations, invent the boomerang proper, the weapon which returns to the thrower, and perhaps the wommera, the simple instrument with which some of the tribes hurl the Bpear. These are not great conquests in polity and science, and the sum is not greatly augmented, even if we add* the alleged oars of snake-bites by means of tight ligatures above and below the wound, and the use of che knife, or rather the flint-edge, to drain off the infected blood. What is to be thought of a race which would' hunt, trap, and fish, but would not till the ground ; which for thousands of years has been dependent upon chance sup- plies of food, and throughout the whole period, so far as can be inferred from any existing evidence, never sought to provide for the morrow, but lived on from hand to mooth? If the gifts of Nature had been abundant, this- might not be regarded as surprising;.and be- yond a weir here and there on the rivers, there seems to have been no effort to conquer or even to contend with rude Nature. A truly wonderful people, who had in themselves no im- pulse to rise much above the level of the other animal life surrounding them, and who, when discovered,, were, as a r«tce, what they had been for mons. If they ever attained a less degraded state, the evidence of its existence has dis- appeared ; and if they did not, it is fair to assume that the representatives of the breed did not belie -their forefathers. Mr. Ourr's contention is that the Australian race is the product of a cross in which the Negro had a large share, that tba family arrived on tue continent in thia state,, and was preserved from change by isolation. The Australian is, con- sequently, not a negro. He is not black, but copper-coloured, and the children have sometimes light hair. He is a re- markably hairy man, which the Negro is not, and in other respects he differs from the African ;, but there are affini- ties of language, and some marked re- semblances between the two. The first pointed out by Mr. Curr is that neither worship God. " Whether the Austra- lian," he says, "-bas a knowledge of the existence of God, is at least doubtful ; but certainly he has no religious tenets or system of worship." Yet, oddly enough, the Australian fears ghosts, providing they are not too old-for his apprehension, it seems, only extends to the ghosts of th« newly dead. He also, like his sable African relative, believes devoutly in sorcery and witchcraft, and apparently ia Btarry influences, but beyond these rudimentary notions his spiritualism efees not go. Both races have a similar way of marking the person by incision and not by tattooing; and each bete ves that the death of a robust man must have been caused by sorcery;, so that the opinion on the subject ei witches "modifies the whole civil code," if such a learned term oan be applied to the unwritten law of savages. Then throughout a great part of the Australian continent -thetis, ftbeoentral tracts-circumcision and some horrible cognate secret prac- tices prevail, upon which we need not dwell. J We said that the " blackfellow " invented a marriage system ; but os something so much like it exists in Africa, if he did not invent his own law he brought it with him when he reached the continent. In like manner, there are other resemblances of customs, such as knocking out of the front teeth, piercing the nose in order to insert a bone or feather, painting with clay or red ochre, and some methods of burial. Even the law that a man must not see his mother- in-law, nor she see bim, on any accoant, finds its counterpart in Africa. The point need not be further pursued. Mr. Curr's conclusion is that " the Australians are a very homo- geneous people, with Negro customs and languages, but with hair and colour such as no Negro possesses." And he certainly piles up a good deal of evi- dence to prove the affinity, despite the physical contradiction. His theory, as we have said, ¡B that the Australian is a Negro cross, and be gives his reason for the opinion that the mixed race, at some remote period, and in no great number, landed in the Northwest, not far from Port Darwin, and thence spread tn a manner which he elaborately describee throughout the vast inland, the several West, Central, and Eastern streams of tribes meeting on the south coast, at the end of their wanderings in search of food and land, but not fusing, ainoe the distinctive dtSeranoet of cus- toms «till remain. At no time ap. parentiy, could the population of the continent have been large, since the natural subsistence was always relatively and often absolutely, small, and the limited capacities of the race did not en- able them to supplement nature by labour and art,-that is, to. cultivate. North of Torres Straits, the Papuan tills the ground and tues the bow and arrow ; south of that narrow waterway the Australian does neither. He is a man with no thought for the future, even the near future, inferior in that respect to the squirrel, the ant, and the bee. He neither digs nor builds ; he has no numeral higher than, at most five ; and while he names everything specifically, he has few "collective terms" indicating whole classes; he has no articles, no infinitive, no auxiliary verb,1 no relative pronoun, and no sibilant, Nevertheless, Mr. Curr points out some i excellencies in his language not found in I any other, although he admits that its ¡ defects render precise speech almost impossible. On the whole, the Australian is very low in the scale, but has some points of interest, especially one, indicated by Mr. Curr in this sentence at the end of a long state- ment " From these facts," be writes, " I am led to conclude that the Aus- tralian race is of vast antiquity, and that, owing to the remarkable isolation to which it has been subjected, it has preserved more of the customs, linguistic peculiarities, and ways of thought of the black races of antiquity than any other people now existing on the globe ; and that hence, if we would realise what the earliest black savages were really like, we must study the Australian before he passes away." For he is departing fast before the rifle, the diseases, and the reoklesB energy of the white man, who, it is plain, as he can- not absorb, will gradually extinguish this relio of an older world left so long segregated in the southern seas. Whether, if the continent had been kept in permanent relations with the rest of the world like Africa, the race would have improved, or whether it iso! a kind which cannot go beyond a certain low level, munt now be mere matter for speculation. Mr. Curr found the children brought to the missions and Government stations quicker in learning than English children, but wanting in solidity and perseverance. He thought that their acquirements, would vanish if they wera trans- ferred to the bush, as happened in some cases ; and it was found that blacks, previously instructed in agricul- ture, to whom cottages had been given, would not cultivate the gardens and fields attached to their homes. But we read that one of his vocabularies was written ont by a native trooper of the mounted police, who is thus described : -" He spends his time reading novels and newspapers, has built himself a little house and detached kitchen, has a bed set on posts, and has become so civilised that he has lost the faculty for tracking, and other accomplishments of aboriginal life." Here is a promising exception, and it seems that he had comrades, though none so distinguished. The result of our contact with the blackB is thus summed np : "The only success ?which oar treat- ment of them has had is in the cultiva- tion of their intellects ; and if their edu- cation (at mission and other stations) is persevered with for several generations I see no reason to prevent their being brought to a level with ourselves. In bodily health they have conspicuously receded. Their state of dependence on us basundermined their self-reliance and left them without character. Religion and civilisation our blacks have not at- tained." But surely the paragraph is some- what inconsistent, for the European level cannot be attained unless the moral qualities are developed,-one might almost say, brought into being. Education should not, although it some- times does, injure health ; but it should never undermine self-reliance. The inference is that the wine is too strong I for the bottles. And that seems to have been the opinion of an extremely intelligent Roman Catholic missionary, who preferred giving his young people physical work, but even then in modera-, tion, seeing, as he remarks, that the aborigines "cannot stand ab once, not even our food, much less our daily, hard work, be it mental or physoal." In .fact the attempts to civilise the race do not seem to have met with much success, despite the example of the trooper. The colonial Governments have collected some on Reserves, and great pains.have been taken, with these results, in, Vic- toria: "The blacks sin these reserves.have easily been induced to (rive np marder, cannibalism (tc which they were-never much addicted);, and polygamy^. As regards religion and morality, passing over a little outward show, it seems to me that they do not exist among tbem ; and though the blacks have been among us for forty years, and many of them have been born and brought up on our missionary stations, I am convinced that, were they once more returned to their forests and cut off from cora i munication with the whites, they would in a single lifetime become exactly what we originally found tbem." This is not tbe language of hope ; but there is ample material in these well stored volumes on which the student can base a judgment for himself. We may part with them by extracting a traditional account of the Deluge, which, if the story were not tragic, we should be inclined to say showed a sense of humour in "the blackfellow." It was current in Gippsland : "Ages ago, there was no water in what are now lakes, rivers and seas, known to the Kurnai (a name which seems to have included all the tribes of Gippsland), for an immense frog had swallowed up the whole of it. This state of things, it appears, was a source of great discomfort to the animals gener- ally, and especially to the fishes ; so they held a consultation on the subject, and I came to the conclusion that the only remedy TH to make the frog laugh, anóF that if thia conld be acoompliahed, there would Boon be plenty of water. To gt** eflect to th ii idea, every animal pro Ben ted himself before the frog in ther most ludicrous posturea he could assume, . and went through bi* funniest- antics. For a timo, however, they were unsuc- cessful, until the eel stood on the tip of1 his tail, which so tickled the frog that he Uterally burst with laughing, and the water poured from him in -such vast streams that there was presently % deluge, and all the Blacks would have been drowned had not one of them,. Loon by name, made a large canoe, ia which he saved a great many." 