WICKED SIR, DARE. She saw him the moment he came past the cathedral into the grave-yard, but she could riot speak or move. She'. watched him as he paused and looked round impatiently and eagerly, then, as he caught sight of her and came towards her, picking his way amongst the tiny graves of the children, with their poor wreath of immor/elles and summer flowers, she puts her hand to her face,'pushed back her hair and panted. 'My darling I' he exclaimed, half stumb ling over a tiny grave; ' I thought I had lost you, that you had run away from me thought little of it, you know. I-Ierc's the shawl, a spoil and trophy of war I What a pity it is that there isn't one language, and that English i Such a babel as we made of it at that station.-Ah-' he has come close enough to see her face now and there is enough in it to make him stop short and catch his words up. SEve 1 Good God I what is the matter ? Are you ill, my darling ?' And with an anxious, loving face he is on his knees beside her. With a visible shudder she'shrinks from him, and draws-not snatches, that would not be so coldly unreasonable-draws her hand which he has taken. He.stares at her with unbounded as tonishment at first, then an apprehensive. look comes into his face, and he puts his arm rdund her waist. ' Eve I My darling I What is it ? What has happened'? Why do you look so ? Eve ! you must be ill !' She shakes her head slowly, and coldly puts his hand away from her; he is so petrified that he does not resist, and his hand falls upon the tombstone, that is no colder than her fingers; then he looks round as if for help, and is about to draw her to him, when she spoke. 'Do not-do not touch me I" 'Do not touch you !' he repeats, each word distinct and full of horrid alarm. SWhy not? Eve, are you mad ?' For a moment a swift light comes into her eyes. Perhaps she is ! she thinks; then she remembers, and shuddering, puts him away from her. 'No, I am not mad,' she says, and her voice Is so hollow, so lifeless, so changed, that he starts as if he could not believe his ears. Before he can speak she opens her lips again. 'Why did you marry me ?' 'Why did-I-marry you ? Great Heaven I am I mad?' and for the moment he looks as if he were. 'Why did I marry you-do you ask me that nosw ? Because I loved you- but---but why do you ask, my darling ?. What has come to you ? I left you here, all right, not a quarter of an hour ago, and come to find you like-like a ghost, and-for God's sake tell me what is thie. miiatter with you ?' 'Because you loved me!' she says, heedless of his imploring prayer. 'That isnot trne! you did not loeme l No no-no I' Dare rises to his feet slowly, like one in a trance, his face as white as'hers, his his eyes fixed with a puzzled agoiny upon hers. ' What do say, Eve? I must be mad or dreaming,' and he puts his hand to his head. ' For God's sake tell mre what has happened to make you like this I or-or \--" and a sudden ghastly smile comes upon his face-' or-is it a joke I She sits with bent head, speechless, the picture of desolation and despair. There is a moment's silence, then it is broken by the music of the grand organ and the voices of the monks chanting a vesper hymn. Softly the sacred strains that have floated upon every evening air for a thusand years fall upon the twilight and upon thle ears of the two miserable crea tures under the shadow of the cathedral walls. 'Eve,' says Dare at last, his voice broken and working, 'something has happened-you have heard something He stops, and she raises her eyes to his. 'I have,' she says, with a shudder. His face darkens for a moment, then sets hard. 'Tell me what you have heard to change you to me like this-all in one quarter of an hour, Eve. Then his com posure gives way. and a burst of anguish, terrible to behold in a man, shakes him from head to foot, 'Oh, Eve, my darling I don't sit there looking so i. You-yoa kill me I Tell me what it is i 'God knows if you loved me as I love you, you would be more merciful !' ' More mercifull I' and now she is on her feet confronting him, her e)yes ablaze with a woman's passion of rorrow and despair, her little hand clenched, her soul afire with jealousy, tortured love, vir ginal indignation. 'If I hhve loved you I Oh, kow canr you stand there and say such words to me. As it I had not loved you I Keep away from me'l I I could not bear you to touch me. '.I-I hate you 1' Slare clenched his hands :and?set his lips tight. 'Yes-yes-all my 'love ~is turned to hate,- How could it be otherwise:while I have sense to think and heart to feel 1 Ah, you do not know what'yoti have done 1 You have worse than killed me. I would die a thousand deaths rather than bear this. Don't speak-I will not listen to you. I have listened too much-too much.' Then her tears flowed fast, but ,she put up her hand to keep him off and he could but groan. *You know that I: have heard all about you-about your wickedness and your falseness. You know it I-I can see it by your face. Why did you come to me and make me love you ? Why ? Why ? I did not seek you-I did not think of you I I did not. come across your life and take it all up and waste it. Why did you do it ? Why did you pre tend to be all that is good and kind and noble, while you were false and wicked all the time ? Why did you deceive me ? Why did you make me love you even against my will and then throw off the mask. and come back to me something quite different ? What had I done that you should do me such a great wrong ? Oh. what have T rl)tn , In a low, passionate voice she charges him, and he can only stand, dull and white as a statue, and by silence, deep and awful, plead guilty. He does not know how she has dis covered his deceit, he does not know how much she knows; it may be all, .but he understands how her pure young soul shrinks from him.. And what wonder, for, as he stands confronted by her innocence, her maidenly indignation-he shrinks from himself.. And she is his wife I las she forgotten that? This is their marriage day-tonight their nuptial night; she has not forgotten, her next words show it. ' You do not answer, what can you say? Ab, it is all true what that woman said,' and she shudders. A great light flashes upon Dare's intelligence, that woman I He takes a step towards her. ' Eve, for God's sake, tell me I Whom have you seen-who has been telling yoU- ' Who,' she repeats, with a shudder of disgust and a vivid flush. 'The woman you loved-the woman who wetrs your portrait-the woman who should have been your wife-one of the many you have 'loved !" Slowly, bitterly, as the bitterness comes upon herself, she pants the words at him. Dare stands with half-bent head and twitching lips. There is a moment's silence, then, as the anthem rises solemnly, and the voices of the monks break out, again he speaks. 'Eve,'-the voice hollow and trembling -'do not say any more. Come home; it is too late-after to-day's worlk--- She hides her face, with a moan. ' Too late !' she cries. Dare trembles in every limb, and his eyes devour her, imploringly, pitifully, hungrily. 'Great God ! she hates, she loathes me,' he mutters, and turns away to hide the anguish with which the conviction has stabbed him. Then he turns to her, and, with clenched hands and dry, white lips, speaks to her. ' Eve, it is not too late l You need not shrink from me- you need not shudder; you are my wife-you are mine, to have and to hold. I could carry you away with me to-night.' His voice trembles for a moment, and sounds hollow and uncertain when he goes on: 'I could command you to come to me, here where -I stand, and keep you until death should part us. Ah, you need not shrink l'-for instinctively she has drawn a little further away-'you do not know me, or you would not fear that I should force myself or my right on you. You are my wife-it is too late to prevent that, nothing can alter it-but you can be my wife only in name; we can part to-night. Do not fear-we willl I You shall go back to your aunt, in all but the name of wife, the same as when I first saw you. It is all I can do to repair the wrong I have done; I will do it-yes, let it cost me what it will, I will do it. Ah I'-and his voice deepens into sternness--'I do it for my sake as well as yours, for I would rather die than hold you by any tie but love. If you do not love me, if yo:' have learned to hate me, no power on earth shall make you wife of mine i' . Then his voice breaks. ' Poor child 1' he says, almost inaudibly. * My poor, sweet, little Eve I go back and learn to forgive me-if you can, to forget; as I shall never learn to forgive myself or forget you.' She sits as motionless as if she were a figure carved upon the tomb beneath her. Still the music of the organ and the chant of the monks fills up the pause. 'You may think-fear-that I may break this resolve,' says Dare's voice, so utterly unlike his '.You need not fear that. You will never have to complain of my crossing your path after to night. I will niever, by my presence, or by word or deed, remind you of my claim to you; from to night you may look upon me as dead, as I shall be in all-but reality, to ihe world in which you are likely to be. After to night we shall never meet-we shall never nmeet again.' There comes a silence deep and awful. Is she deaf, or dead, that she sits so silent and signless. Dare pulls himself together with a shiver, and goes up to her. ' Good-bye, Eve,' he says-' good-bye, for the last time I' Then he bends over.her and kisses the edge of the shawl. Does she feel that last, mad kiss? She may or may ntot. She makes no sign, and the man who has loved her, who-be his sins what they may- loves her as truly and passionately as any man has loved yet, turns and walks quickly away. At the corner he looks back; is it with a last wild, groundless hope that love may prevail? No, she is still motionless, unrelenting. Then he bows his head to hide the working of his white, haggard face, and passes swiftly away. A moment afterwards the mute figure he has left behind him starts to her feet. 'What have I dane? Oh! my love, come back I' But it is too late; Wicked Sir Dare is half-way down the street and out of hear ing, even of the voice of his bride-the one voice he loves best in the whole wide world. Outside the 'Grand' the usual small group of idlers are congregrated; it is.the half-hour before dinner, and the well dressed men and women wvho patronise the best hotel in Lucerne, are lounging about, gossiping with the half abstracted air which is noticeable about the man or woman waiting for dinner. Dare, blind to everything and every body, filled with this, the first misery of his life, is striding past, heedless and in different to the little buzz and flutter of the fashionables, when a richly dressed woman, who is standing near the end of the ornamented forecourt, bargaining for some ripe figs with the dark-haired Swiss girl from the market, utters an exclama tion at sight of him--or his face really and puts out her be-ringed glove to stop him. SDare stops dead short with a startled air, then seeing wvho it is that has stopped him, turns an ugly red, and with some thing like an oath shakes his arm free from her light grasp, and goes on-but only for i few steps. A sudden resolution sends him back, and walking past her, he makes a gesture towards the little English church that stands in the hotel grounds. eGo-somewhere out of sight-I want to speak to you.' Polly Flitters hesitates a moment and pouts, then obeys and follows him. 'So,' says Dare, standing opposite her, his hands clasped on his stick, a scornful scowl upon his face, 'you broke your promise, as I might have expected.' The fiery contempt in the latter words raise Miss Polly's ire. 'Now, Mr. Daredevil, I didn't come to be insulted I' she exclaims angrily, eyeing him with mingled surprise and some honest concern, for there is a look on his face which she, intimately as she thinks she ktnows-or has known him has never seen before. ' And what's the matter ? Have you been lilting your elbow' -she meant drinking-' already this morn uing? That's unlike you, Sir Dare.' 'What is that to you ?' says Dare, with haughty roughness. 'Answer myquestion -why do you break your promise ? Was it impossible for you to be truthful in small things as it is in more imrportant ones? lThe bitter sneer touches her and takes her breath away. 'You have been drinking l' she says, under her breath, and with a passionate nod, 'or else you wouldntt insult me like this-unless you're quite changed since I knew you-and-oh, my promise, ch? and who says I've broken it ?' 'Don't liel I' he retorts savagely. 'I have just come away from some of your with----' A light breaks .in upon her and she smiles-not sweetly-but the smile dies away suddenly under the scorching fire of his eyes. Oh, that's the matter. You doh't like to Ie interfered with. Let me tell you Mr. Dare-devil, I don't care what you say, and how you look, I'm not a bit sorry, in fact, I'm very glad if I've baulked you for once, and saved that poor little thing.' ' Silence !' says Dare between his teeth, ' don't take her name upon your lips.' Polly flushes. 'I don't know her name, and I don't want to 1 So I'm not good. enough to speak it. It strikes me I should do har less harm than you would. Oh, your black looks won't frighten me;'-but she trembles a little nevertheless-' I've spoilt your game, and there's an end of it, and it's no use your coming and wanting to knock me down because you can't do it ! If you had any proper feeling about you you'd thank me rather, and get out of the way, glad that I've stopped it from being any worse.' ' Hold your tongue !' says Dare hoarse ly; 'you don't understand-you talk ol harm ! Harm I You think I meant harm !' ' When did you mean anything else ?' The retort strikes home so sharply that he winces,and Polly, seeing her advantage, goes onquickly ' Come, Dare, what's the use of carry ing it off high with me; I've done a good action-the first in my life perhaps, and you ought.to be glad of it i For all your black looks now you'll forget her in a week, and '-taking no notice of the dark frown that greets her assertion, she con tinues-' and it isn't half as bad as it might be, for, 'as to my promise, I don't know that I've broken it after all-I didn't men tion your name.' Dare turns his eyes upon her with a glare of surprise and incredulity. 'Ah 1' says Polly, shrewdly; 'meantno harm, eh ? and didn't tell her:your name ! Well, perhaps it was best, arid I've done no harm, for she didn't get it from me, poor little thing, and she never shall that's more 1' Dare stands, his hand pressing against his brow, his whole mind concentrated upon one thought: . 'You didn't tell her-who I was ?' he says. ' I didn't,' answers 'Polly, emphatically. 'She does not know--' 'Unless you told her.' 'And-you will still keep your promise ? Oh, Polly, if I could trust you I' Something in his voice, for the first time revealing (heagony?:ithin, touches her. She looks at him with careful scrunity. .' Why, you are both as bad, as one another ! Who'd ever think thati you'd be hit like this ? Yes, you can trust me like this-no one can say Polly Flitters can't keep her word.' - ' Hold to that. still,' says Dare, with a little anxious sigh ; ''teep it from her, and I'll forgifeu, idu alhilsei"ybu've dorie Promise nie, once more !' he pleads now. ' I promise, and there's my hand upop it,' sheanswers humbly. Dare touches her hand iith a shudder \--it is the Ihand th'at.s h stirucl down his happiness at one blow-and then turns away. ' You are off now, I suppose ?' she asks. 'Where.to?' -,. He puts his hit oveir his forehead again, and looks down' with the dark, brooding stare. ' ' Yes, .I am off,' he says ; ' I don't know where now. -: We shan't meet again, but I trust to. you; whateier happens,, you'll keep it from her. ",ood-bye.' ' It will-good-bye,' she says. And then, with his head bent down, he walks huiriedly away.;:: : :. : :' CHAPTER X. ' A chamber in' Lincoln's-inn, the private room in the offices of Mr..James Drum mond, solicitor. Mr. Drummond himself is seated at the writing table in thie centre talking to his friend and brother in the law, Mr- Henry Neville. The table it which Mr. Neville sits is new, well-seasoned mahogany and the best workmanship; the chairs-well stuffed .and uplholstered in leather-in which Mr. Drummond and the barrister sit, and their fellows round the room, are luxurious and comtortable to match. There is a handsome, sober.hued carpet upon the floor;- dark, expensive rep curtains to the windows; and altogether an air of substantial, well-to-do comfort that is noticeable at a glance. At one time itwas considered that a lawyer's office could not be too musty, dusty, and badly furnished; but the lawyers themselves have changed all that; perhaps they have come to agree with the wisdom of the proverbial spider, and deemed it politic to make the ensnaring parlour pretty and enticing for their hapless victims. The'owner of the room, as he sits in the half-cool sunlight of this first morning in September, harmonises well with the room and its adjuncts. Elderly, white. haired, sharp-browed close shaven, he looks, like his chairs and tables, well-to. do and prosperous, and, in addition, offers a striking contrast to the appearance and bearing of his companion, who, as well as differing from him in being small made, thin, dark, and dissatisfied looking, is, at the preaent moment, ill at ease and suffer ing from the first effects of a surprise, which he scarcely knows whether to con sider welcome or unpleasant. Mr. Drum mond leans back in his chair, his hand upon a thick pile of parchmens, his placid, yet not unacute eyes, regarding his com panion, as he fidgets in his chair and gnaws, restlessly, at his three forefingers. This- is a most extraordinary story 1' he says at last, in response to the elder gentleman's patient, but nevertheless ex pectant regard. ' Most extraordinary I and you say that it is as fresh to you as to me ?' There is palpable doubt in the tone, and still more plainly-hinted incredulity in the look which accompanies the question. Mr. Drummond does not appear to notice, certainly does not resent, either word or look. Yes, quite as fresh. I have, of course never opened the deed until this morning -until just now. Why should I?' Why, indeed,' mutters Henry Neville, raising and walking to the window, where he stands for a moment to beat the devil's tattoo with his finger upon the glass. L Why, indeed, and yet-it is an extra ordinary story-asuch a-a romantic,'--hle says the word with a burst of irritable con tempt-' business, that I should have thought you would have known something about it.' Mr. Drummond shlakes his head. ' I did not know till this morning. I might hvae had some suspicion or idea, but nothing more--' Henry Neville breaks in with a sudden suspicious question, 'I suppose it is all right ?' 'How do you mean ?' asks the other. ' If you mean is the mbney all right, of course itis. Lord Driffle and myself are trustees.' 'Yes, yes, I know,',interposes HEnry, with an impatient nod. * I don't suppose the money's anything but right; but the deed ?' ' Is wtithout a flaw,' replies Mr. Drum mond. 'Look at it yourself-it was drawn up by one of the first conveyances -Robinson. Nothing could be clearer.' 'I wonder you weren't asked.' 'IHow ?' responds the other, with a smile. 'Then the secret would have been out i No-John kivington was a far-seeing acute man; he would have made a good lawyer, Neville; and took every precaution to-keep the thing quiet. 'Of course Robinson knew ?' 'Of course; but there was nothing in that, any more than if the Sphinx had known it. You don't suppose Robinson would open his lips about a deed he had anything to do with if it was the .understood thing that he shouldn't. No, I feel convinced that we three- Robinson, you, and I-are the only ones who know of the existence of the deed, excepting the witnesses: Yes,' he added, thoughtfully 'it is strange.' 'And that precious brother of mine,' commenced Henry Neville, with morose repugnance, 'is in happy ignorance of this stroke of luck. Luck ! no one ever had. such luck, and no one less deserved it,' he added, with an envious snarl. 'XWell,' said Mr. Drummond, with a curious smile, 'as to luck, that remains to be proved. He may-he may, you know, refuse to comply with the conditions-' 'Pshawl ' interrupted the amhiable brother, with a sneer. 'I said-may,' remarked Drummond. 'Of course it is not likelythat he would be so unwise, so ill-advised as to turn his back upon such a fortune. It is to be hoped not, for your sake,' he added, with asmile. 'Ah!' snarled Henry, biting at his finger and fidgeting in his chair. 'For my sake, indeed ! Do you think he spend any of it on the estate? not he! You don't know him l He's a fool, and a spendthrift, and a profligate who'd waste and play ducks and drakes with twenty such fortunes, all as large as this.' 'Mr. Drummond smiled, and rustled the documents under his hand. 'We can't say that. Might have sown his wild oats by this time; and if he hasn't, the very condition by which he'd get the money would help him to I ' Pen my word, Neville, I don't think you've much to feel cut up about. The money would be in the family at least-' 'In one member's pocket, and that not for long,'. said Henry. Nevilie, with a malignant sneer. 'Oh, don't expect me to .be overjoyed and congratulatory. I know too much of my precious brother ever to hope to get any advantage directly or indirectly, through him. Now, if this money- He stopped abruptly, for a little bell sounded in the distance-it was the bell ~attached to the door of the clerk's office. 'Had only been left to you-if Henry Neville's name instead of Dare's had stood in the deed,' and Mr. Drummond laughed softly. Henry Neville's ill-favoured face flushed angrily and enviously, but before he could maike anry reply there was a knock at the door, and a soft-footed discreet-voiced clerk stepped in and placed two cards before his principal. 'One minute, Sparks. When I ring,' said Mr. Drummond. Then he held up the cards. 'They have come,' he said. Henry Neville glanced at the substantial expensive clock upon the mantel-shelf, and fell to biting his forefinger again. ' The girl,' he . asked, ' have you seen her ? 'Do you know anything about her ?' Mr. Drummond shook his head. 'No, nothing. She has been living with her father, old Rivington, the book worm, as we used to call him, in Geneva. Since his death she has been under the care of her aunt, Rivington's sister-in-law.' 'And you've no idea what she will be likely to do-what course she'll take.' 'How should I have?' asked Mt. Drummond. 'Candidly, I don't expect any girl, however unsophisticated, to throw away a chance like this any more than I should suspect your brother of doing so.' 'No, of course not,' assented Henry Neville, illhumouredly. ' She must be told to-day, I suppose ?' 'Certainly,' said Mr.. Drummond, tapping the deed. ' What good would it be to anyone to keep it from her? Nothing could be done without her nothing at all. I wish I had your brother here. You have no clue to his where abouts ?' 'None!' snapped Henry, the look of dislike and repugnance which always rose to his face, showing on it . as usual. ' None at all. How should I have ? We never correspond; I take no interest in his proceedings- Have you---' Mr. Drummond shook his head. ' I have not the remotest idea where he is. Since the general smash and wind.up I have seen little of him-lately, nothing at all. He took what money there was the rents and a slight advance in bank notes. There was some talk of Italy, or Switzerland, or it might be Germany-I could not take upon myself to say that I remember. Poor fellovw I' 'Poor fellow,' echoed Henry, with a spiteful ring to the echo, however. 'You pity him ! A man who has brought all upon his own head, a fool who has wasted a fortune upon blacklegs and-and every kind of profligacy, and not only his own money, but squandered and wasted, to the best of his ability, the estate that belongs to his family Pity I cannot understand how a man of sense can feel anything (but disgust and contempt for him.' 'Ah, yes--yes, very true,' said Mr. Drummond, as the handsome face of the abused man rose before him, with its genial, light-hearted, good-tempered smile; 'but one may too hard-a little to hard. But there, bad as he is, or is not, I'd give something to have him here.' As he spoke he took up a memorandum book, and consulted it. 'I sent Jackson after him last week, quite on my owvn responsibihlity, but of course I can't tell whether he will find him. There is one good thing, Sir Dare carries a pretty distinct identity about with him. Few people who run against him are likely to pass him unnoticing. Like most of your wild men he is con foundedly hands:ome.' This was of all subjects th'eleast to Henry Neville's taste. 'These people are still outside.' Mr. Drummond nodded. 'Nothing more to say before they come in ?' hlie asked, with his hand on the bell, and as Henry shook his head, Mr. Drummond gave the signal. The discreet clerk opened the door noiselessly, and the two ladies were ushered in. Mr. Drummond rose from his chair with an inward sense of surprise, of course no trace was visible on his legally com posed features. He had expected to see a half-formed, fairly bred, but rather 'common-placed young woman, with a decidedly foreign air and appearance, and with whose embarrss ment and nervousness he should have to struggle and-contend during the task that was set before him. Instead, he.saw a tall, graceful girl, with a face that, but for its look of weariness and pallor, would have been simply lovely; and what told with still greater effect upon the lawyer, an unmistakeable air of high breeding which displayed itself in the carriage of her head, the composure-yet not constrained composure-and self possession of her manner. The lawyer had expected to have the task of soothing and overcoming the shyness of an inexperienced girl; before him stood a beautiful queenly-well, almost woman. SMiss Rivington, how do you do, Miss Rivington, I atn very glad to see you; this is Mr. Henry Neville, with whom you will soon, no doubt, be well acquainted;' and he turned with his pleasant smile to intro duce the sour-visaged brother of Wicked Sir Dare. TO BE CONTINUED. 