ON THE WARPATH. (Br Tomahawk.) ' Asphvxiatob. ' — You say that the ' Asphyxiating cabal consisted of thirteen, all told — twelve Apostles, and who was J udas 1' I cannot tell puzzles of that sort. Ask how long it takes to get outside a . nobbier of rum or a ' long sleever ' and I'm j on, but don't give conundrums it would take & Yankee nprl I o.r tn nralic lYinnd. T'm rrrtnr? on riddles of the latter description; give me an easier one. 'Booseb.' — Yes, I was once in gaol ; I ' annexed ' another man's umbrella. No, I was not ' run in ' for ' annexing I got it | for — bong caught. Sou are at liberty in these days to annex anything — if not collared. ' Riddleb.' — This addle-pated old trea sure asks me to inform him who the ' Great Irrepressible is?' aud 'is it true he helpeii to put ? Devilfish ' at the top of the poll ? ' I cannot inform liim of the ideutity of this personage, though I do know that one man's opposition did much to help the first candi date, and his iavor much to hurt another. 'Twas ever thus — ' that patient merit of the unworthy takes,' and things will go wrong end up — when jealously or spleen go on the rampage. I'll make inquiries and perhaps let you know — next Saturday after noon. ' Humanitarian.'- My Dearly Beloved Old Girl, if you want to find out your enemies become a candidate, and then they crrnn? Iilr*» mneKmnme and rnnrfptomU pqIIv round you like Britons — Try it. 'X3ay Old Spake.' — Yes, join the giddy throng and become a muff footballer in cos tume. £ cannot suggest a fitting adornment for yoor Adonis-like proportions. You dare not go in tights, because your legs are too frail. The character of a ' Savage ' might suit you, bat the question is where to get a fig leaf bis enough. You had better take the role of an 'Old Washerwoman,' and then there would be one or two to keep their eyes on you. Go, Lothario, go. «t Young Sport.' — I shall be there, and in character too. I shall go as, as Annexor tne first, in my robes of office ; 1 have ordered them in anticipation of the coming Melbourne Mayorship, and cocked hat and all. Oh yes, I shall be very much there — yon bet. ' Despondent Lovee.' — You should have imprinted a pat of bad butter — no, hang it, not that, I mean you should have planted your Hps upon hers the moment she swooned in your arms, and asked her in frantic tones if she'd have you. It is a gone case. That girl wanted squeezing and migping and kissing, and you ran all over the establish ment for cold water instead. She reckoned you up as a milksop, and so you've lost her for ever. Try the other plan next time or — call me. ^ At midnight's dreary hour, when Hobgob lins are supposed to walk, and all virtuous people wrapt in sweet repose, a drama in real life occurred. A friend of mine invited another to spend a few days with I mm during tne i^xmbition festivities. Our friend duly arrived from the country packed up correctly in a carriage, from some place in^ the vicinity of 4t Croagingergoaloug.' His friend requested liim to sleep on the dining room sofa, and the rest retired to bed. During the dead of night the visitor from the country heard a noise as if someone was trying to enter the house. He had read in his country paper all about the buxglary boom in and near the city, and he was prepared to do or die on behalf of city friend's property and to stop the burglar from burgling ; so he quietly rose and went towards the window to take a survey of the peption. In moving about he made a slight noise, the owner heard it and forthwith went downstairs, and as he entered the passage he saw a form gently stealing along in the darkness. He made a rush, the other man did the same, and there was more fun in five minutes than you could get on board of the Bristol' in one hoar. Id the dark they struggled, and each tried to wipe the floor with the other. The bad French uttered was awful, and the thumps each gave the other were real good 'uns from the . ^boulder. Some new bumps, not known |fljjpfore in the science of phrenology, were ^raised on the heads of both, and their organs of ideality were considerably enlarged. Tbey started the picnic in their ** Cutty Sarks,' and in less than five minutes they could have passed muster as a pair of Adams, without the leaf. To add to the hilarity of the serene row, the old dame of the owner stood at the head of the staircase with a bad candle in her band, howling out ** Murder, Police, Fire, Help ' in a high pitched key that might have waked the dead if they had not been so far away. Amidst it all the police, neighbors, public and fire brigade came along, and the door burst open and a hose brought into the passage with a full head of water turned on, which nearly drowned the combatants and caused th»m to gasp for breath. A light was given by the ' bullseye ' of a constable, and lo and behold the two friends saw what a mess they had made of each other, and how a hug can be given and taken with much damage to both. They both retired to another room to bind up their wounds, and vowed never to tackle another burglar again in the dark. Mutual explanations fol lowed, and the friend from Croagingergo along went home to the beesum of his family very much the worse for wear, and displaying several additional organs on his caput. The city man held a Government billet, and the doctor's certificate sent in to the department to account for his absence was a statement that he suffered from 'eschymosis of the cuticle in the vicinity of both optics.' Methought the budding poet had gone to roost or given up the ghost and flown to other brighter and happier scenes. I still thought that the only poet extant was the Amanuensis of the Annexors, whose inspired genius twanged the lyre and sweetly warbled — ' I'm sitting on a rail, Charlie but I was wrong, as msual, for another Richmond ffcjn the field, and trouble looms ahead. I sitting with a long pipe full of borrowed aromatic and a stiff 'noggin' of local whiskey in front of me the other evening, trying to wade into philosophy up to my knees on things in general when the post man rushes in and deposits a letter on my desk bearing the Richmond postmark. Aha, said I, as 1 looked at the missive, a challenge to fight a duel from a Richmond supporter or barraker for my rather complimentary remarks the other day. I opened the affair, for ' my sole was in arms and eager for the fray but it was only an acrostic poem, and I would have given something to have had a cross-stick just then and the perron who wrote them there lines headed ' Pugi listic Ports' ; this was the title of the Rich mond cenius who soared into the realms of poesy all by himself. Ob 1 why did not this living Apostle of the muses enter for the Exhibition cantata and try, with the parson who got first prize, to *' make the groined arches ring.' The — nation that is the coming nation that is to be, should not be deprived of another Kendal or Gordon, who has come to light. The being who could indite 'Richmond forever, they are now in the van ' and live, is made of brass. Yet methinks ' in the van ' is good, very good ; that is exactly where they ought to be — in a 'van,' until they can play football. I want to know this blooming acrostic writer and shake him by the hand, for I shall have seen the eighth wonder of the world, and should wish to die. While ' Eye Witness ' lives poetry shall exist, and the harp no longer stilled shall be 'when touched by the magic spell of the chappie from Richmond who was an ' Eye Witness.' 