For Ever True Chapteb XIII. But the morrow was not yet born, and the night was only new. What he bad suffered no one t-ut himself could ever know. His pride, Ins very heart's being, bad been shivered at the blow. Love, that levels all things, had erased from his senerous mind all Question of in equality between himself and Nancy. It was nothing to him that she had passed years of her childhood in a common home, that her Burrounding^had |-eeu vulgar, her couuoc tions plebeian. _ Ho had loved Jier, that was enough; against all the world he -would have upheld her ; she was pure, good, a true gentlewoman ; it was sufficient for him, and he loved her. It seemed to him, looking back now, that ho had loved her from fho very first— from the moment when she had clung to his arm that bygone January night, and he had struck her cowardly tormentor to the mud. Had not her sweet eyes haunted him, and could he ever forget the quick rash of pleasure that filled him when she put her small hand in his that celebrated evening in Sir Humphreys 'den,' and whispered she would be hit friend. Friend 3 ah ! how could her lips have- beenrso false— so cruel ? Derry ground his nails into his clenched palms. What act off Headship was it that broke his loyal heart % twain, and cast aside his wealth of tenderness and love ! He could not believe it at first. He' recalled every trait in Nancy's char acter, he had watched so closely he thought he knew it well ; how pure, how gentle, how full of womanly sympathy ; yet what a treasure of human passion had seemed to him ttibre! Bah 2 he had been easily deceived ; what roan living would not have been deceived, when she now gave herself willingly, nay eagerly? to be the wife of such a man as Thomas Crawshaw 3 His wife ! Derry bit his lip to keep back the groan that would have escaped them. No more would her lips meet his — no more should he clasp her slender form to his heart — no more would her eyes smile up at him — she was no longer his, she belonged to Thomas Crawshaw — to that vul gar brute whose very presence near her seemed a desecration. The sight of the man sauntering to and fro, with the glow of triumphant possession shining over his swarthy face, was more than Derry could bear. With a smothered oath ho started to his feet, forgetful, heedless that Dorothy waB gazing at him in startled surprise, and with out another word he strode away to the house. ' If I stay longer I shall kill him ! I shall not be able to restrain myself,' he muttered fiercely, madly. He reached the Hall and made his way to the den, he knew lie would bo safe here from intrusion ; but, nevertheless, he took the pre caution of carefully locking the door, and once alone, he flung himself in a chair, and buried his face in his folded jirras on the table. i, He felt faint and sick from the violence of tho anger he had experienced, and now came the dull, dead ache of despair to take its place. t Strong man as he was, he trembled in every limb ; love, that had been so sweet, had turned to such bitterness as he had never dreamed of. He recalled the brief ecstacy that had come to him. As lie sat alone in the empty room and the gray dusk, he remembered with a wild throb at his heart the indescribable joy that had run through his veins as his arms first enfolded her, and he. caught her, whispered lore *m her sweet, fresh lips. Love ! no, no, it had never been love. He flung out his arms suddenly, and started to his feet. . ' I cannot stay here,' he said to himself, hoarsely. ' I must go at once — where 1 Whit does it matter where ? One place is as good as another now my hope is gone — my ambition dead. Why need I work for the future — why struggle) Everything is base and false— aye, false as her sapphire eyes that seemed to me the throne of truth itself.' Then his mood changed. ' How white she was,' he said, hurriedly, to himself ; ' her face was drawn as if with pain. Did she really suffer? or ? Pshaw! it was acting. If she felt anything, it must have been shame — shame at her wrong, her cruel deception.' He passed his hand over his brow, it was wet with perspiration. 'Yet,' lie mused, ns he paced on, ' there is something in the whole affair I do not under stand. Why should my mother have sent me on that useless journey 1 What mystery is herei'' Unconsciously his heart beat quicker. ' Can there be any connection be tween this and ? ' He paused, then*shook his head. ' How could his mother have anything to do with Nancy's affairs J She had spoken the truth with her own lips; she had told him she did not love him !' Derry forgot in his excitement that poor Nancy had never uttered such a falsehood. ' Ah !' he cried, passionately, ' I am rightly punished for humbling my pride to the dust that bygone night in this very room, and entreating her to forgive me and remain at the Hall ; had I been firm, she would have gone, and I should have been spared this misery.' The vision of her face rose before him ; he taw her as she had stood under the rose hued umbrella in the early morn ; he felt again the fascination steal over him as his eyes met the fancied gaze of her marvellous blue ones. Even in imagination he could hear her soft breathing, and see the delicate colour come and go in her face. ' Oh ! Nancy — Nancy !' he moaned, ' my love — my lost love !' Then with a gesture of passionate despair and defiance he started upright again. ' I will be strong,' he said ; ' she shall see that I can laugh and bear it. No living creature shall trample Ions; on Derrick Darn ley's pride and heart. She is no longer my love — sho is my foe — I hate her — I hate her 1' He unlocked the door and walked steadily into the garden, holding himself with an air of hauteur foreign to him that was born of his recklessness and passiouatc despair ! CHAPTEB gIV. What help Ib there? There u no help, for all theie thing! are so. And all the world is bitter as a tear. The summer moon was at its height as Derry emerged from the 'house and went slowly on to the lawn. . '? : 'What, not 'gone *o bed, Derry V cried Dorothy, rising alertly and going to meet him. 'I thought you were in dreamland fyy this time 1' . «'? .. JL . „_;_ ' I suddenly remembered an ijrnporiant letter I had to write, '|fa replied,* with a faint smile playing over* his face for an instant. 'Could you not have done that in the morning, eh, sir i' ' I did not want to risk losing any of the delicious moments I shall indulge myself in to-morrow.' Derry laughed; shortly .his eyes went slowly round the lawn. - . She was not there — he felt it rather than saw it. ' What a lovely night,' he said, abruptly ; he must say something, and this came mechanically to his lips. Dorothy gave a soft little sigh. The beauty of the night had certainly been lost on her up to now; but now she mentally agreed that Derry was jight^ it was lovely. He turned to her suddenly. ' Why are you sitting alone 1' he asked. '1 prefer to,' Dorothy answered truth fully ; ' there is no ont here except you, now, that I care to talk to. Nancy has disap peared ; I can't find her high or low ; I should not be the least surprised if I suddenly discovered she had walked to see Mrs. Wortley all alone— she has been so strange all day — but thon she haB been ill, poor dear.' ' Has she been very ill (' Derry's voice was only faintly interested. 'Very. Isawjherjust before luncheon, and she looked awful. I really ?vas alarmed, but she must be better, or she .would not be out of her room, would she 1' ' I — I should imagine not.' Derry puBsed his hand over his hot eyes. His sore heart felt a pdng pass through it as he heard of her suffering ; andjOnce again came that curious doubt — a doubV that was not to be fathomed, but which was mingled with strange hope -uid pain — a hope that Nancy was not, after all, so bad as she seemed, and a pain in that his mother's honour seemed iu some way involved ; but it was so vague, so unsatisfactory, he dis missed it almost immediately from his mind. ' Shall we go for a stroll 7' Dorothy said, laughingly. ' Merefield will slay me,' Derry replied, echoing her laugh, in a hollow, forced way. Her face flushed. ' Merefield is very foolish.' ' Take care, he is an Earl.' Despite his efforts Derry could not yet be quite natural. Dorothy looked at him nervously. ' I think, after all, you had better go to bed ; you seem thoroughly knocked up, Derry.' Derry made no answer at that moment ; he saw a slender white-robed form coming towards them in the moonlight. ' It is Nancy,' cried Dorothy ; 'let us go and scold her, naughty girl !' She ran away swiftly, and Derrick Darnley set his teeth and clenched his strong hands. So she had come to brave him, had she 1 The comedy was about to begin — with all his heart — she would play her part to perj fection, of course, but if she thought to see him flinch and falter she was mistaken. How pale she was ; and were those deep black marks beneath her exquisite eyes 1 or did the moon throw queer shadows across her face and bring them there ] How strange it seemed ; there she stood his love, his wife, the woman that had filled his dreams with such unspeakable beauty ; he had but to stretch out' his arms and lie could touch her, yet he was lounging there quietly, to all appearances as indifferent as though she was a block of stone ; it was very strange, she had clung to him, nestled to his arms', and now a chasm stretched between them, and to clasp hands across the gulf wbb impossible — to murmur his love-vows a dis honour. How fair and girlish she looked in the moonlight ! The power of her beauty stole into his brain and awoke hiB passion. 'She is mine — mine!' clamoured his heart. ' I will not renounce her !' He heard Dorothy's voice gently chiding her, and he listened hungrily for her reply. How dull and heary her tones wore ! the whose voice had been as light and joyous as a bird's notes ; but he forgot ; of course this was acting ; she had seen him on the terrace, and she was playing for his benefit. He was roused suddenly from his troubled thoughts. ' What are you staring at, Mr. Darnley 1' laughed the Honourable Maude from below. He looked down, and his brow darkened ; he had not noticed that anyone was near, far less that Orawshaw was at hand. ' Looks as if he had seen a ghost, doesn't he?' observed that gentleman, ' without troubling to remove his cigar from his mouth. His head was adorned with a soft slouched hat, his hands were plunged in his trousers pockets; he looked even more vulgar and pretentious in his spick-and-span evening dreis than in his rough riding attire. Derry's right band clenched itself but he made no reply to to this, though Miss Chester evidently found it so witty that she laughed immoderately. ' Oh ! but there are no ghosts here, are there, Mr. Darnley,' she cried. ' There's someone who looks like one, any how.' Mr. Crawshaw jerked t his head in the direction of Nancy, then with an evil look in his black eyes he turned and lounged towards the girl just as Mrs. Fairfax glided up to Derry's side. ' Here you are at last,' she said, with a sigh of relief ; ' where have you been to 1 oh, there is Miss Messiter also. Shall we join them t' ' I prefer to remain here, if you have no objection.' Derry to all appearances was only very languid, very tired, and rather dull. ' T am delighted — delighted !' cried Mrs. Fairfax, with enthusiasm, and speaking the honest truth. ' I have been anxious for some congenial society all the day. ' Scarcely flattering to my cousin and her guests.'1 (To be continued.) 