MUSIC AT THE EXHIBITION. ORCHESTRAL CONCERT. The orchestral entertainment yesterday afternoon at the Exhibition was bright and attractive in effect, and such programmes are to be repeated before long, when the holiday trains bring down the country people. The programme yesterday afternoon commenced with the overture to " The Vampire, by Marschner (170111801 ) This overpowering title represents the best of this clever composer's mind. Ghouls, ghosts, and general y grim subjects umpired in the mind of Marschner some line musical ideas ; but in this way he his suffered as a musical author, because Carl Maria von Weber wrote in the same style before him, and in some sense cut the ground from under his feet. Marschner was the clever composer of " Der Templar und die John " an opera founded on the Ivanhoe of Sir Walter Scott, and also of the deservedly popular opera "lines Hell- ing," well known in Germany, but not yet recognised in this country. The finale from the No. 1 Symphony, Beethoven - allegro vivace was played with enlivening effect. The work was first produced in April, 1890, but in the "Sketch Books " some " traces of this, or something like it, in the same Le j are to be found belonging to the year 1793 " the Entr 'acte No. 1, and march from "The Maid of Orleans," by Cowen, were distinguished for tuneful invention and orchestral effect ; they were pleasant in the one instance and inspiring in the other, and the composer of them was loudly applauded for the beauty of his work. After these came "Maitland," by J. F Barnet; the "Kamarmskaja" dance, by Glinka ; the Minuet, by Boccherini and the bullet music " The Dance of the Hours," from "Gioconda," by Ponchielli, the orchestral parts for this last- named being kindly lent by Mr. Martin Simonsen. All these tour last named selections have been recently described in these columns, and need not now be further dwelt upon. The great strain upon the mental and physical strength of the Centennial Exhibition Orchestra during the last three months, arising from morning rehearsals, perform unces twice a day, and constant attention to work, has rendered some respite necessary. This is specially required by the conductor, Mr. F. H. Cowell, who drills the forces, conducts the performances, and prepares weeks beforehand the fine programmes, the interpretation of which has given delight to many thousands. Mr Cowell, by invitation of His Excellency the Governor, will take a holiday, and accompany His Excellency on Monday night next to Sydney), after the afternoon orchestral concert in the elocution, and will take up his bill in the same place once more on Tuesday, the 10th of October. In the meantime Mr. Cowen's place will be filled by Mr. Albert Zelman the senior sub conductor appointed by the commissioners, and each individual player in the orchestra will be allowed five days of holiday to recruit. 