' FOUL OF A WATERSPOUT.» ' (Br A SEATAÄBB ) _ ' Myr frieod, the secood Wate, told ineJ tfctjpMp.«! ve papeq" ,l>e 4vtö tether, 1 One thing had Led to another, and some thing was said about waterspouts ' Supposing,' said he, ' that Isaac Newt«] had fallen a-rausiug alongside a spout in stead of under an apple tree, dp you thin! he wo ul i have fixed the law of gravi tatiou as it now stands ?' ' Explain, saic I. ' Why,' ho answered, ' it was thi apple comiug dowu that gave Newton tb« f-ney of a magnetic central attraction but if he had sat by a spout going up you know-' 'Oh, 1. see,' said I. 'Wen you ever foul.of a spout?' he asked * Why, no, novcr right in the Ulick of one. I replied. ' I have seen those things, as '"] hare seen icebergs, close enough aboarc tu make me wish them out of sight. ' Ha !' exclaimed the second tn tts, fetch ing his breath suddenly, with a look rU seawards as though his mind ran strong that way with the memory that rose up it him, ' it was so much of a touch and g< with, ns aboard a ship that I was ones in all through à confounded waterspout, top, that for months siter I went about witl a foaling in mc that I was doing a vióleacc to tba laws of nature by being - alive/ ' Isit along yarn?' said L 'No,' saic he, 'it's better than long, it's bettpr thaw long, it's true.' '.What about this water- spout then P' J inquired. ' See her now,' he bogan, *I was third mate of au 800-toiu barque named the Cashmere Merchant A^o were in tiie Bay of Bengal, nhundred and thirteen days ont from Liverpool, snd all hands ill Of tho sea. -You know what I mean. Not so much Bick of the ocean as sick with it The complexion -of every sailor's face made, him show as though pea foup and salt horse hal. got hold of him afc last, and , were workiu;r out of his pores. The ve y ship sonnie I to express her loathing with every sickly roll, as. though ¿he was piuing for (he dry .dock aud the comfort of clOàn sheathing. It had been a heavy, sleepy kind of day. À littlehefore noon I had thought I spied au ox-eye up in the dingy ..blue, and the appearance was so . Uko , ;1 hat. cyc,louic{ partoutjtjiat the skipper was of my uiiu'l till, after gaging at it awhih', ir «h ipad out iato an odd woôl-white cloúí for .all the world like the first pnff ófpowdeíf smoko that breaks ball-shaped from tits mouth of a fired gun. and -floats so - till the finders of tho wind drew it out, as. a woman will skein wool between her bauds. The. strange lump of vapour blew away, and so there was au end of ït. Wehad had some bot days, but this wss the' hottest of all. T ¿ere was not a draught of air to be felt Outside the eddying fannings of the sails as the vessel rolled, bring the cloths to the mast in thunderclaps along with execrations i from the conk, in his galley, and ai pleasant clink . of crockery stealing softly up through the open cabin sky- lights. But the barometer stood high, and the sultry day with1 its huddle of heavy clouds allround5 the horizon, aud the dusky azure over the mastheads, and the body of the sun filtering through it, as though he was some "'jelly fish formed of fire, was not to signify iu tho face of that assurance In the second dog-watch I come out of the deckhouse, where I slung my hammock with three appren- tices, tosnioke a pipe in thé waist, lt was too burning bot to linger soy where out Of the air. ' The sailors sprawled about the forecastle panting like wound- ed do¿» with the heat-half naked some of them, their mossy breasts bare, their breeches rolled up above the knees, for the comfort ¿of bare legs ic such a tem Baratura. Now and then you would see a man comento tho/seuttle-butt aud then turn from the dipper without drinking, with an eye of disgust, as though Ins thirst went deeper than there - was any virtue in that old water, smelling stale as a duck-puddle, to fathom. All day long the heaped-up clouds had hung apparent- ly motionless upon the horizon, as though some mighty besom had s wept them off the sea and left them ah the confínes in a ring of hilly ridges. They were there still, but with a plain lifting of them since noon, Some eight or twelve degrees. When the sun went down into the west- ward range it was all a boiling crimson, with a sort of smoky scarlet, to the zenith, and the clouds themsel ves dark as thunder this side. But it was not nntil be was gone, and the night had risen dark and moonless, with a spare lean star here and there, struggling for life as it were, looking as weak as a brilliant light might, sunk some fathoms into the sea, that yousaw Tibw f till of electricity every- thing was. lu each heave of the dark, swell there was a swarming of phos- phorus in vast greenish cloudy puffs, and hies bright as lightning fiasheB broke from the barque's sides as she leaned to tho folds ,rending the water along her, A composant showed at the mainyard-arm ' flickering on the boom-iron there, and the ¡ reflection of it in the glass like darkness j underneath made you think bf «orne «né* eyed goblin of a fish that had floated np to attentively examine our craft with a view to a lucid report anon to its horned and " betailed captain awaiting it deep down amidst the sea fires.' j J« A' little: too poetical,' said: I, inter* J ¡rupting my. friend, 'where does thia! iwatyrspout «f iyouM o^ine ju, Master | Grogblossoin ?' ' Pooh, pooh !' he ex- claimed, ' what do you want ? A ship- master's déposition? Hang baldness says I. Look at a naked poll. Hero's slicer trutli there, but confoundedly prosaic. No, no, gire me the embellish- ment of hair, or failing that a wig. But the spont's not far off now, so stand by. I was in Hie port watch, of course, third mates always are, and the port watch came on deck at eight o'clock in the even- ing. The? tchief mate was a cheerful little Welshman-God rest his soul !' oue of the most intelligent seamen I was ever associated with, as tender a heart as ever beat under a velvet waiscoat, aud eyes so bright that I'd sometimes think that .the redness that ringed them was nothing but tho ecorchiug of the skin by the flashing-of his ga»e. ? We were very good friends, both ot a rather poetical turn of miad, no very great rarity amongst seamen, though the confirmedly strained mealiness of the sailor makes him feel sheepish even to be suspected ot a wmantio.huinour now and again., The .skipper hovered about till ten, then went ihelow. I joined the mate, and we fell to Quietly, pacing the deck, talking of any xuiug but the weat her aud tho heat, and ¡tjie calm, being sick -of tho things. No, 'Sir ; our. conversation went to consider- ' atiou of the. sort of times we wera to ex-, peet at Calcutta, and I was in the midst o£ telling him that I was'tbiuking serious- ly of looking out for a mate's berth i aboardl a , country - wallah, ' where . the month's ; wage - sounded tatt in ' shape of Í jípeos, when he Interrupted liiö by pouring all on a sudden to a ; .dead stand; ¡ whilst he cried in a tragic voice that was ! scaVce more than a hoarae whisper, point 5¿g with a littlfl arm a-? he spoke.; 'My C[od, what is that p His forofiugor ip 'dieated a spabë of dusk that lay like au ' inkiBtain %on the night that was dark as t!ie (sealine everywhere elsa was; and iü the heart or this peculiar murky . blotch I observed what looked to me to be two fine Hues, nf flainectosa together,- forking out pf the «ea, and lën&tn;èniug upwards as one watched with a. kind of throbbing pallor whence they proceeded, though'this last was very elusive, and noticeable only when the sight weut a little ti the right M: left of lt.' ' Hush 1* «aid, I,. :after Buraiaiug my hearing a moment, whilst the wate . stood watobiug stookatill, as though.spell-bound.. .'Po you hear it f' Tba nolföl meaut, tbottgh very faint, .was : audible'enough amid the pauses of the gapping cauvas ou high. Tbiuk of a. kettle boiling in a room next to the ene : you are seated in, aud that will be tba character of the UOÍBO I ' heard. As I spoke there was a flash e£ lightning right betwixt the two .due hues of fire, and - the wild glare throw out the ponderous folds of a great cloud hanging, like niasses of smoke arrested and pressed down, above ; those strange and ever growing luminous stalks. ' A waterspout-two of them, it looks like,' cried tue mate. 'How does it travel P Why, by all that's precious! if its growth signifies its course, it's heading direct for the barque.' His vehement exclamations startled the men -.li.. «,!?".-,1 *l.".".,"l_"_.1_4. 1 who had stowed themselves away about the deck for a nap, aud you saw a flitting, of dusky figures to the .rail, aud caught a note of alarm in the half-smothered growl of voices which came along. Saving, al- ways, the «wing of tiie swell, the barque lay as dead on the ses as a lightship, not aninch of way on her ; so that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of manoeuvring. 'But waterspouts don't ahme,' cried I, to the «»ate. ' Yep, yes,' he answered, 'yonder dees, any how. lt is the phosphorus in the water, 1 have seen Buch things agaiq. and again, glowing as though they had got a streak of light- ning stowed away in their coil.' He con- tinued to looks then, with an oath, he cried out passionately that the appearance was heading for us, and, with a hound, gained the companion, down which .he bolted, returning after , a few breathless momenta followed by the captain, who rose out of the hatch like a ghost, habited in his shirt and drawers only, 'Believe me or not, as you will, but what.Fm -going to tell youls as true as that I, who walk by ' your side now, am a living, man. The fire-tinctured stalks, as J will call them, had thickened with in- credible rapidity, and* looked five hundred feet high, distant as they yet were. There was a constant play of lightning over them, sometimes very fierce, aud brilliant, with sharp-cracks- of thuuder, whose re- verberations rolled over the polished undu- lations of the water with a sound *of heavy bowls hurled along a 'resonant wooden Stage. The stagnation around made the *ight of that small rotating luminous tom §est as .wonderful as it was . frightful. ¡very moment heightened tho roar of the bolling at its base, aud' the ' indescribable yelling Of the circular sweeping ' of the wind of this narrow tempest. Some of the men beat with handspikes furiously upon the scuttle to arouse tue watch below. 1 stood watching, scarce drawing a breath, captain and mate beside me both silent. Indeed, there was nothing to be done. W« might, perhaps, have bred a gun, but we hadn't such a thing aboard. The course of frhe«ÍK)uv waaewiiy to be gajbuired by the sharpening of the mystical golden fires which illuminated tho revolving col- umns, and by tho whiting upon the right of the bed of foam out of which those vast liquid trunks grew, and by the increasing uproar of the maddened and seething mass of spume and of the thunder blasts over it following each jagged, barbed lightning-stroke with continuons deto- nations, comparable only to broadside after broadside delivered from a four decked line-of-battle ship. The spout came along slowly-if a single spout it ' were-with its two flaming limbs and ono dense head of vapour. There was a bit of hope to b3 got out of this, for it might break and perish ere it reached us. The captain cried, 'My God! what shall we do P How fast is it travelling, think you, Mr. Morgan r" ' Eight miles in the hour -no faster, sir,' croaked the mate, in the "voice of a man sentenced to death. 'It'll be aboard us I ' roared someone forward suddenly in a panical way, and the cry was instantly followed by a frantic rush aft of shadows as the figures of the men looked. But the boatswio of the barque,whose tones I recognised, cried out, ' Jump for shelter, my lads ! jump for shelter ! Down with your under deck, or there'll be ne'er a life left to explain what hurt the ship ; on which many of the men sprang .forward : again, the captain saying nothing, and the mate as mute as I, for the lightening was cracking over our heads now, and the /barque was plunging upon the heavy sea, flung iuadvauce by the commotion, though there was nota breath of air yet, as I live to tell it, and the spout almost within pistol shot! Well, I can only speak of myself now, for what followed was like a horrible nightmare, from which you start with the blood thick in your veins,-with- out being able to recall a feature of the terror that awoke you. . The mad impulse ouce got from the sight sud sound of the spout, and its horrible accompaniments of whiteness at foot, and blackness overhead, was f«r shelter,1 sud my first spring was for the companion, with a cry to the cap- tain and mate ta follow me. I was scarce four, steps down when there happened a shock as though auoarthquakeright under the keel of the barque had torn her into, staves. : J ust for one instant my ear caught ? the inexpressible hellish clamour of tong of sweepjug.water, of spars suapping like pioesiems-then wash 'y ' this' ' companion way was filled in a breath, and down I went, swept along and into insensibility by a flood that was a small Niagrä Fall lu its way for weight. < VOf course I wasn't drowned; pf course I regained consciousness j but that waa not so wonderful- as that I should have, crawled out of the caVm like a soaked fleece, a Bane man, with every sense taut in him, instead of a grinning and gibber* i pg idiot, I gained the deck. The night was breathless. No sound came off the . ocean, though the horizon hung black all around as before. It took me awhile to see, and then 1 observed that, the barque was'dismasted, The shadow of her depk stretched out before me-a sheer hulk ! There were figures moving here and there, I hallooed, and most pf them came art, But they were all too stupefied to answer questions ; they muttered in a dased way. Who was missing P what had happened more than that t he barque had been strip- ed to tho condition of a naked! hull, was not be gathered till thc dawn came, But before the light bpoke we had rallied sufficiently to niau the pumps and heep them going. Talk of à wreck ! Never did the sue rise upon a mure p\tible* sight than the barque made; three jagged stumps where the lower masts had. bean ; a whole wilderness of wreckage over tho side ; bowsprit gone, the whole linc of port, bulwarks smashed flat, deck house, galley, long boat, quarter boats-all vanished, The captain and the poor fellow who had been at the wheel were missing, their fate needed no guessing. But we found tho body of the mate, cruelly bruised «nd barely distinguishable as a human form, lying nuder a mass of gear. Well, to end the yarn, for it's neatly told, we passed three' days of desperate pumping, for the vessel took in water as though her bottom had been a grating, and 'twas pump or sink,. for we were without a boat. But on the morning of the fourth day a steamer hove in sight, spied us, and came along» side. She was just. in time ; we were mere spectres, with the strength of such things, and I believe if the next relief of the pump had been called there Would have been no answer.'-Loudon Daily Telegraph. HOÜÜOWÍT'S OINTMENT - Miners .ani Workers ia the Goldfelds.-This invaluable and renowned Ointment 'is. extensively, used «nd patronized by such people to their very great advantage, being easy of appHoatíon abd portable in small compass,. When used bi con. junotiou with Holloway's ' fills, in accordance with the olear and concise directions fer lae which accompany each pot and box. there are bat few of the .diseases which afflict mankind whioh will not yield to the sanative powers of the combined remedies. Holloway's Ointment and Pills do not deteriorate hy keeping nor by, «hange of enmate, and, aa they contain no "deleterious mineral drug, they can be used I with the most perfect safety under the most I adverse, dimati« and, sanitary conditions, 