THE RECENT CHRISTIAN CONFER- ENOE. to the editor of the HEnALD. Sin,— Doubtless most of thoso who were privileged to be present at tlio Conforenpo meeting just held, under tho auspices of tho Y'.fiLO. Association, havo carried away very pleasant reinombranoes of the kindly spirit hhown throughout hor the time one might well Have forgotten, from tlio many happy wards said, thnt division, factions, or tho sectarian spirit exist at all. But the experi ence of tho past clearly tenches us that though during the timo of united assembly ail runH on so smoothly, yet, after tiio meeting tlio various parties resume their hostilities, and, as much as before. each continues to rejoico in accessions to its ranks nt thu expense of tho others; each takes Iileasuro in seeing its own 41 Ism" lecoming increasingly i>owerful ; caoh would foci delight in hearing of decrease in thu number of neighboring chapels of orher deno mination, ami of multiplication of tiioio of its own. It Is indeed undeniable, thoughuad the ad mission, and despite tho harmonious con ference, that tho cnuso of tho Redeemer Is being fearfully impeded by tlm scctarinn and imrtifmn spirit which is eo manifest and no rifo. Thu Dean of Melbourne, in opening tlio con- terenco, said, nnd said truly. There must bo no mistake, thu Church uf God can never bo a divided Ohurch. Geographical divi»Ion ia tho only division which Scripture recognises." And npeaking on tlm cmiroh'd calling, Sir Campbell confessed the exiatenco of great dif ference here below, bub considered that it would lw "unciinritablV to remind tiui oun- . frrencp of tficm. So widespread ImRSCOtnrinnicm bccotno that it is now estimated that tho number of tlm beast, six hundred nnd sixty- six, spoken of in tlm Revelation of John, has been almost reached ill denominations, It 1 incumbent, therefore, on nil followers of iho Lord Jesus Christ to consider this matter, and instead uf regarding its treatment and 'uotico ns being ttuennritable, to seek to discover somo moans of healing tlio deep bresohes that exist. True It is tiial tlm cause of tho Rcdeomer will novor bo fully triumphant until with one votoe, and ja ono spirit, tiio united assembly of tho faithful approaches tho forces of the wicked ono with tho call ' to submission to " Ono Lord" of tho " Ono Ohurch As one who has pledged himself to aid to tlio utmost of ids power iu bringing about thnt glorious oonBuninmtiou— tlio union of nil God's people— it will be permitted inn perhaps to mako a fow suggestions oa to how this Chris tian Union may bo accomplished, And first, it may be taken for granted that in ordor to union all unscriptural Sectarian natm-.s must bu laid asirlo, and that tho ouly basis nt all possiblo will be tho coinplota aoceptanco of tlio word of God: ns tho only rulo of faith, tho only guido of praotloe. If a conference could bo called toguthor (and why cannot it 1) of those who bellove, with Simun Fotor, that "Jesus Ts tho Christ, tho son of tho living God," to dUcues tlio wliolo subjcot of Christian union, much /mod might surely bo accomplished. All might be done with tho earnest and prayerful desire of bringing about that organio union for whioh our Saviour Himself so fervently prayed. Though quite open to oonviotion (as indeed wo al| ouffht to be), it seems to me that the deri sion of such a conforenoe would probably rpn . on tho following linos i— Wo will, In oraer to union, speak only where the Scriptures speak. Wo find that there . is no Boripturo for infant baptism, for churohcs . py law established, tor different denominations, . for human creeds, for ' eoolesiasticnt titles, or lor' the distinction of clergy And laity, We heooe advise tho abandonment of those thmgs. Wo recommend tbo restoration of all things commanded by Jesus Christ as pertain log to His kingdom, whether given persouaily or through His apbstlss, under" the guidanoe of tho )Ho!y Ghost. If the idoa of tucn a oon- feronoo oommends itself to'yohr readenI shall bo happy to hoar from, tfiom,. either through your columns or prii'itely. Any suggestions Would also bo weloomoa. Thanking you in ahaoipation for your kindly ' insertion. 1 am. ele.. JBL Mihjsb Blaok. \ IIO Cwdicaii rtreev Carlton, 