The Circle. BY PROTEUS. We shall have to reconsider the sugar question. This is not a period at which we can afford to let a national industry drop out of existence, and that the sugar industry is in danger of this is surely pretty manifest. The appointment of a commission of inquiry comes none tjo early. Oddly enough the standard of revolt against the supposed final decision of the elections of 18s3 is being raised now, not in Townsville or Mackay, but in one of our Southern towns. The vigorous little Bundaberg Tribune smells out the rapid approach of ruin to the vigorous little port and townbhip just north of Mary borough, and boldly nails its oolours to the mast, declaring that no kanaka labour means no sugar industry. Thus it reiterates the chief reason of its belief in the face of Press oppo nents:— Our contention ha^ all alo^p been—and it is the cruciul point of the whole argument—that there are certain fleld operation*—tUo cutting tind " trashing" of enne, for exiimrl'.*—which the white labourer cannot, will not, and thould not be naked to do; that if he could, would, or should, the nccesNiiry labour « not in the country ov available at the seiutom—four or tlve mouths in the year—when it is required. The desperate state to which things are drifting in the sugar diftriot* cannot be denied. One cannot take up a Northern paper without meeting palpable proof of it. for instance, the Pleystowe sugar estate at Mackay is for sale. So is the leading local paper. The pro prietor does not think it good enough in the face of the settled depression to carry on. Last year only 147 acres of cane were planted in the whole of the Douglas district. There is a drop of 24,000 tons of sugar in the year's yield. The Central Mill scheme at Maokay is proving quite a failure. The lugubrious tale could be continued indefinitely. I have talked quite lately with several men who have themselves been working on the plantations, and they all declare that white men neither will nor can do muoh of the work which is required in the cane cultivation. Sincere' speech on the subject is sooner or later inevitable. With regard to the reasons pointed oat in last week's Circle for the apparently strange superiority of black skins over white in a tropical climate, these same reasons manifestly apply in the converse or polar case. It has generally been thought that the polar animals got their white pelts through the obvious advantage the colour gave them in the struggle for existence. They could more readily etoal upon their prey, or lie hid, or escape from being of the prevalent hue of the ground and landscape. This is indubitably 00, but equally indubitably the heat problem conduced. The question in extreme cold being purely how to retain your heat longest, white, with its slow power of radiating heat, is manifestly tht oolour. Item: I remember in Canada notioing in some of the non-migratory animals and birds the odd passage from summer to winter colours in their pelts. This was very marked in the weasel tribe and in the owls. Nothing more weird than the huge white owl sailing along in the breathless radiant white of a moonlit Canadian winter night, like an embodied ghost! The Government hare at last invited tenders for "boring for deep artesian water." It is not an hour too Boon. The drought has obtained a firm hold on the whole of Eastern Australia. When Victoria begins to get afraid of its water supply, things must be pretty bad in New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. The accounts from New South Wales, studied from day to day, recall the worst days of 1885. What strikes Proteus in it all is its regular inevitability. The moßt oursory glance at our yearly records of rain falls shows that the exceptionally wet years are followed by exceptionally dry ones, and yet we will not think of preparing for this, but must wait to wnk wells until the drought shoe once more pinches us. How childish! The child is father of the man in vory truth! Mundane affairs have just gone through a terrible crisis. It is not, I admit, generally known, but it is the case. This crisis has ended in catastrophe. The world's population is estimated at 1,500,000,000. Why should we bid any one of them to be happy, not to say gay, any more ? Everything is wrapped, so to speak, in the profottndest gloom. And this is the more bitter because we had hoped otherwise. But why do I thus dally with the awful fact '; Let it be recorded in its undiluted terror. The whole world with its I,soo,ooo,ooo—Buddhists, 400,000,000; Mohammedans, 130,000,000; Catholics, 200,000,000, &c;, &c;, &c;— all had concentrated their rapt and breathless attention on one spot and one gathoring. I need not say that I allude to the Presbyterian Synod of Otago and Southland, N.Z. There were only a few men gathered there, but they were all of them giants of intellect and arbiters of the destiny of man. They were gathered there to decide whether there was " hope for salvation after death." Humanity hung on their lips. Then one Salmond or Salmon arose, a noble protagonist of pity (future ages will dispute about the orthography of his name, as the pre sent do about that of the Swan of Avon), and argued that there was. Hope sprang eternal in the human breast. But it Boon got a crusher. The Synod discussed the tremendous question in a manner that is described as " animated," and then the blow fell. " The hope of salra- tion terminates with this life." That is the dread sentence pronounced on us all. Woe to the l,oCo,oo3,ooo—the 400,000,000 Buddhists, tho 1 00,000,000 Mohammedans, the 200,000,000 Catholics, the &c;, &c;, Sec.'. The clerics composing the Presbyterian Synod of Otago and Southland, N.Z., know all about it. They have specially appointed themselves. It is all over. We are all of us, or almost all of us, all of the fifteen hundred millions except the Presbyterians of Otago and Southland, N.Z., andperadventure a few other Presbyterians of other parts of the earth—we are all of us on the high road to everlasting h ("sheol," Revised Version). We are allowed but one ciomb of consolation. Here it is: Tho Synod also pa*-vl a resolution deploring the existence of the sweating system in the colony, and debiting ministers and offieo-besrors to discourage it by every possible means. Yet, after all, what does the sweating system or any other system matter ': " The hope of salvation terminates with this life." The Presbyterian Synod of Otago and Southland, New Zealand, says so. A few sincere words about the Farnell affair. There is much cant being talked by partisans on both sides. So far as the question of the celebrated Times letter goes, whether it is a forgery or whether it is not.is of no such vital moment as the insanely excited political party feeling in England is for making out. In this alleged letter Parnell expresses sorrow for the murder of Cavendish, but says that in his opinion Burke only " got his deserts." Burke was an Irishman, a Roman Catholic, and a ruthless coercionist, and Irishmen and Roman Catholics, who sincerely deplored the abomiuable methods used to dispose of him, may yet be forgiven, on the general plea of human nature, for feeling in their heart of hearts that, after all, he only " got his deserts." Cavendish, as subsequent revelations put be yond all doubt, watt killed by the accident of being the companion of the doomed man, and friends and foes joined in indignation and horror at his fate. The blow dealt to the cause of Irish Nationalism by tho Phoenix Park assassination was so manifest that the charge of complicity in it urged against the Anglo-Irish and Protet tant leader oeems, to the impartial Australian view, absurd. This is true. But to suppose that, if the letter were proved, or oould be proved, be yond all question to be Parnell's, all the great bulk of those who, in a general sort of way, approve of the cause of local government for Ireland would renounce him is equally absurd. Australians desire that the bitterness of old world straggles and feuds be left in the Old World. They take a clear and moderate view of suoh, and the cant of the extreme Irish Nationalist is just as repellent to them as that of the extreme Keltophobe—whoever he be —; this, and no more ! Here is one of those vivid little touches, un conscious sparks of genius, which illuminate the matter-of-fact record of our telegraphic service and the blinding monotony of a world of woe. It is a Bowen item from one of oar own cor respondents. "The town is crowded with visitors and witnesses in the various oases." You see P Justice Pope A. Cooper at Bowen—a local divorce case on—Bowen crowded with visitors and witnesses. Big place, Bowen: lively place, Bowen: metropolis some day, eighth wonder of the world, you know. Mr. Miln's season at the Brisbane Opera House is now virtually at an end, and there is no reason why one should not tell the exact truth about his failure to draw anything but meagre houses in it. It is not just to accuse Brisbane of apathy to good acting of good plays. Of course the hot weather is against theatre-going now, and the Opera House, for a newly-erected place of public amusement in a climate like ours, is simply abominable. But the fact remains that the company was distinctly a poor one, and the setting of the plays by no means out of tho average run of the old and all but superseded style. The text was often known imporfectly, and the supernumeraries were sadly to seek in stage drill. Mr. Miln him self was in no wide calculated to cover all this multitude of sins. He is a creditable rhe torician. He declaims with the conventional gestures and intonations. Ho lays his character colours on, so to speak, in broad lines, but he has not one atom of that electrifying and transcending power which is called genius, and which briugs those who watch and listen into passionate contaot with a heart and soul like to their own. . The divine spark was quite wanting. He ended in becoming tedious. Brisbane will not "roll up" to this sort of thing, and neither will any other town in the world, and that is the simple truth of the matter. I do not Bay that with such a com pany, such stage management, and the rest, one men who had this spark would make Bris bane " roll up" to see him. What I say is that Mr. Miln has not this spark, and it is not> just to denounce the stupidity and apathy of the community for not" supporting the legitimate,' > when the legitimate was all round illegiti mately below par. Sir John Pender's counterblast to Sir Thomas McIlwraith's powerful indictment of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company (Courier, 27th January; Queenslander, 4th February) has been long in coming, but it comes at last. It took shape in Sir John's address on the half- yearly report of the company. It has little in it directly to the point. It is merely a series of contradictions. He could only say that the company had done every thing they possibly could to meet the requirements of Queensland, but it deemed to him that there was nothing that would satisfy the Queensland Govern- ment. He wished publicly to say that, when Queens- land came forward and said she was in earnest in wanting to do something to reduce the rates, the com- pany would only be too glad to negotiate with them. Very pretty — for the shareholders of the E.E.T.C. Unhappily to us who are on the spot all this reads appallingly "thin." We have suffered and know. The arrogance and greed of the company has only been equalled in one thing—its inefficiency. Monopoly work is mostly bad work, and the cable service of the E.E.T.C. is a violent sample of the mostly. No one can have watched even carelessly the spasmodic cable columns of our Australian newspapers, ever a feast of news or a famine, without remarking this, and assuredly no unhappy person can have had business rela- tions in Europe depending on the speed and efficiency of the E.E.T.C. without haviug lost much time, temper, and often money over the wretched process.......................... "What Queensland," says Sir John (and ha might say Australia), "is prepared to do ia to join with the other colonies in laying a competing cable in the Pacific, but the com pany is on good terms with the other colonies, and they are not prepared to take action with Queensland in anything that would be detri mental to the interests of the company. He hoped this would be made known in Queens land, and he wanted to tell the Queensland Ministers that they were a good deal more indebted to the company for the progress of the past few years than to their own internal Government. When the new cable was laid he considered that their position would be in- Tulnerable." Is this how you sing, 0 re doubtable knight? Invulnerable with your new cable and the friendship of " th* other colonies" and all you hare done for our pro gress of later Well, that friendship is not very apparent just now. The agitation for that distressful "competing cable in the Pacific" is stronger down South than in even unreasonable ungrateful Queensland, and that you will presently find to your cost. 