WHITHER is the political, thought of the age tending ? Most people must have in some form or other put that question to themselves, and probably have waited in vain for a convincing reply. That great changes are pending is obvious. There is a constantly decreasing reverence for the old land-marks, and when all rever ence is gone inaction will not much longer continue.. Notwithstanding .the warring of conflicting parties and the crash of antagonistic forces we are not amongst those who clasp the gloomy consolation to their bosoms that pessimism is the true creed and that we are yearly accelerating our downward motion. There have always been pessimists and there always will be-men who refuse to recog nise the universal process of evolution, but are wedded inviolably to a mental and moral and political conservatism. To such every innovation which attacks their pet creed, every fresh impulse of new and as yet unclassified- energy, is accepted grudgingly as another evidence of the approaching cataclysm. With these it is useless to argue; they are human petri factions, stereotyped fossils bedded in the heaving strata of society, types of a time that has vanished and an epoch when the intrinsic absurdity of conservatism was not so clearly manifested as it is to-day. But there are others who, because they cannot understand the forces mightily stirring under the crust of human life and are bewildered by the fierce upheavals which at intervals and in places far apart attest the proximity of another world eruption, hold to things as they are. They do not deny that society is amenable to precisely the same laws as those govern ing individuals, and that therefore in pro portion as the horizon of the individual recedes and new faculties are evolved there must be corresponding changes in the constitution of society it the balance of safety is to be preserved ; but because they cannot comprehend in what direc tion these changes must travel and where the process of re-adjustment must first commence they sit apart, anxious spec tators, leaving the real task to others. For many years, especially where popula tion is densest and the subtle influence which is always so apparent wherever large masses of people are congregated is most potent and active, matters generally hale been characterised by a spirit of unrest and uneasy care. Politicians relying solely upon old methods have endeavoured to trace the causes and remove them. One nation, acting through its Government, has adopted stringent repressive measures, and tried to do battle by means of coarse material weapons with the intangible and imponderable forces of public opinion. In some cases they have suppressed the out ward manifestation, but have practically aggravated the evil by forcing it out of sight and leaving it to feed upon itself and nurse its fury in silence. Other nations further advanced in the scale of civilization have sought to broaden the national free dom. They have extended the franchise and brought more and more things directly within the sphere of Parliamentary super vision and management. Strange to say even this has not assuaged the secret unrest or exorcised the flitting ghosts of revolt. It has become the fashion to believe, or pretend to believe, that the general mass of the people are content, and that the elements of disturbance are only a few handfull of persons who have gone insane over impossible fads. It is a very comforting doctrine, and quite explains why in London, in Berlin, in Paris, and in Ireland the police should be entrusted with almost arbitrary power and the military should patrol the streets with ball cartridges in their pouches. Unfor tunately history belies such a conclusion. Where people at large are content the ghosts of revolt are merely jeered at, the preachers of impossible fads cannot find an audience, and when they can are unable to enkindle one responsive spark of enthusiasm. Gunpowder and fire must come into contact before there can be any explosion. If the explosive is absent in cendiaries may light fuses by the thousand and fling sparks broadcast in vain. They will die out as rapidly as they are kindled and the world will go on-amused, it may be, but certainly unaffected-by the, dis play ofsuchanoutburst of political pyrotech nics. But the throes now being felt and the avidity with which certain subjects which, only a decade or two ago were strictly tabooed or visionary, are being discussed, not merely in the semi-secret clubs under the auspices of some of the isms, but in the solid argumentative journals -and magazines of the various leading cities, is enough to show that the explosives are already stored in abundance. Where, then, is modern thought converg ing? Not alone in the sphere of politics, but in society, in theology, in the open life of the commonwealth and the retired life of the home, there are signs of change and modification; and ever as the signs show themselves to be supplementary to each other and outcomes of some general risovement the question we have just pro pounded becomes all the more absorbing. Located so far from the great concentrated populations, and free, thus far, from the vexed problems which threaten, like the fabled sphinx, to destroy the civilization that cannot solve them, we scarcely hear the deepening roar of discontent and are undisturbed by the swirls of passion which eddy so furiously. But inasmuch as every year links us closer to the old world, and our statesmen intoxicated by a false meretricious Imperialistic glitter are more and more involving us in European politics, the progress of European thought and the rise and fall and re-assertion of parties must grow more and more important to us. The Tines, in treating of the Centenary of Australia, declares that in fifty years our influence will make itself felt in every Council on the continent. Brought face to face with our destiny as foretold by the London seer it becomes increasingly necessary to detect if possible in what direction the thousand giant forces. of modern society are impelling the entire organism, and to shape in some way our own policy in accordance therewith lest when, as it way at any moment the crash, comes we should be hopelessly involved and thrown back in our progress towards empire for a hundred years. 