WA1DERINUGS 1N. ASIA. By<Ta Bon.. JAMNE OAMPBZRL.I :.: ,THE MADURA TEMPLES .:"'.) dI there .aayone: mengst as who at, one ire bas.made.:an: excuaarsn or journyq hicbh, when looked back upon. seemed to be ompletely. a -dreaml 2 There are certain ~vents in our lives wbich appear to. us no eo hedowy and unreal that we can hardly persnade ourselves they are other than mere lietne, sometimes pleasant and rome tiare nightmaree.- Th. 2et fcw asys I epcnt in.. India ',row lock to me rather as a dream than, a a reality. I had made my arrargements to leave Eota ramund, spend a day at Trichinopoly and Madnra, prooeed ]ereorely to Tnticorin, giving ample time to see all the sights on the road. But 'I received a telegram from the .~eata in Tuticoriu that the .teamer would leave earlier than her appobted date;. i therefore bad to burry on, leavin;g Trichi., ropoly unvisited. - .Wbit I saw. of, .that town and fort.' inn the" dielance made. me regret exceedingly that I had oct time to stay,' but I cooeoled myeelf with the-. reflection that one maoot see ever5lbhig In thia world. We must be content to leave many thinge unreco we fatein would see, and many thinge undone we fain would do. Life ia full oi irccmpletenees, whether it be the eplendid. career of world, reforming which we full} intended to carry out when we were twenty. one, or the day's work in which something is emitted or left undone, * Dever ehallo I forget my visit to the famous Modura temple. It is the ghost of a-memory rather than -a mimory itself a vision, a phaatasmagoria. or- any other term you like to exprese-a ?trange troubled dream-hbardly 'troubled. b jt wild," U:oresai. S'groteroeeqe. a arrived at a Madura littllelbhfore 1 oealoo k at light, at.das I mustsleae a little. before 5 o'clock the next morning,' the.,nezxorable meceeeilies of catching the steamer com pelling me, It followed that I must speth?' temple at might er not at ell.. My resoluhloi vae coon made.' Hiring i gbarry, I drove frst of all to the postmaster to inquire saout an urgent telegram. Judgiog from the noise reqouied to bring him to the front, be bad evidently. been sleeping hbe sleep of .th righteous. I felt. ashamed at distulbni him at this outrageously onncffioial bor, but be received, me with the utmost courtesy, and what'was better,'bsaded'ne my looked-for telegram. He was evidently greatly tickled at my expressed inteition of vlsiting the Madura Temple at night..aod I off a sly saroastio joke at my expense when he Informed me that. at this hoer it would be-a very remarkable eight Indeed;. if I could see -it. This double meaning phrase, "Ii I could see it," roused apprehensions in my 'mind,, but in five minutes aefterwards all these apprehensdons had 'di'sppeared. We drove through a tangle of itreets, .when to I in the etarlight of the night there loomed. up before my eyes the walls end gopuras, or towers, of the meot famous temple" in Southern India. I could only dimly see the strange elaborated curvings of the lower part, andI lamented greatly that the upper. part was hidden in- the darkness ; nevertheless, attentively egarding: the lower porlions, and following the clearly out outlines, 1 eaw bow wonderful the iwork was ase a whole; even though the detals Lwere- Indlatinguish able;?. If, however, - the outside part-of the temple was a dieeppointment,the inside wei not. I can honestly saly that if I had to see the interior again, and had to choose between seeing itin the'daytime and'seeing it in the night, I-should certainly select the niibt. Among all the wonderful things- that I had seen in India,'nothivg -war more wonderful than this sight. -l--could nottell which way we went, for I was being guided by a most affable Hindoo. -I could not give any elaborate. description of details, for, they succeeded one another in such bewildering rapidity, but the brood impression left upon my mindwas that ner eiin mylife had I een anything: o etrange -or o wonderful. We walked through long avenues of pillars of salmst everysehape end form; we passed by the grotesqunet g?d of any'I had seen in India; not even exoepting those of the Oaves of Ellora,.' e entered at the great main entrance,' passing through a confluse ctrowdof vendors of varlonuswares, worship: pers, priests, and others.. As weadvanced there were few pereonsato be seen, but long rows of lights, . dimly illumining the-corri dore and arches. Three were gradually extin* -guithed as we proceededo onwards. The usgh-s became -dimmer and dimmer,- the shadowesdeeper- and deeper, until the only light we had was tbhagiven by the wretched. little oil lamps we carried in our haids. They lit up the huge pillars close at hand, whilst behind usi, beside us, and. before nus was black;,darkness. Our own voices sounded strangely as they re.eohoed among the pillars about-us and from the roofs above us, whlachwere lost in: the blackness over: bead. - The sounds' of -voices afar off -had something uncanny about them, until' at last-.I beg'r. to.feetl a ctrione'tenelonef o -nerves, wwloh' I tke it is; closely 'allied to the, superstitious fears of men alkinDg through churchyards, or visiting the crypts and vaults of an old cathedralabout the hour of * midnight. Ns rt wmas with a.:poeltlve stars that -I suddenl'y became conscious of twogreatsaored elephants,stabled; if Imayso uise the word, -in one of the corridors alog= side the large hall in which we werp walking. These great brutes, with their small; bright, peering eyes, their restless trunks savingi-g slowly like pend?ilumii, seemed to me hke a couple of - monstrnus-demons :n tbbhi hall of Eades; ,andthough: they were doubtless in. tereting objects, ,I ' ecanfesm frankly - to feelf?g a- sense of gsnuinerelief 'when we got out of their 'readh: We wandered on and o' until to' my iliiigilnaion it appeared a If we miist nave traversed'miles of hese' halls and orridors. We hinpected godsand -goddesses,.. gorqona .?d, chimeras alive," pillars. with all sorts of; strange devices, -welrd figures, curious :arches, .until the whole-thing seemed to me a whirl, partly hideous, partly :fantastio, -partly pleas ing,,-so- that when ateast,- like- Dante, coming- out 'from- the Inferno he'had so 'thurughly inveitigated, and so asocratbly deseribed, , "Theince I?s, g;ed againtibbhbla the stair".' I rejolced to behold thi" stair; and rejoiced'still more to get within the' frieidly !shelter of-my . gharry,' for" I felt;- that' all the. .demons; tiwhoh, had been" bahuntig any 'exiltedi: imsgiatioh o,-or some -time'back-- had no', power -over- me -when I was. safely within-,a avehlote -duly Ilceised by Her Majesty's Government. -Of all the placed in" Itidi whioh I Would, most willingly revisit next to; the" Himalayas, the 'glorious Laj 'at 'Agra and' the won derful Temple at' ,adura"are 'the two things ..which . I' would desire t.,to see above all. ohers.' Bt.. if I could" cee the latter:agin, and.had time to study all its astonishing details in daylight., I won:d assuredly on nomaocount omit tovisiit dtioee imroiei: the'oigblt time", Itwas -onb- ? f- the trangest; weirdest experiences of my life. , u RBIN0 ' FO LW ICOInr.,.. After a few. hour sleep I' founddmysel on' the following morning' en route for Lotcorln, At' one' of' the railway' atatlons. I was. startled by. bhearing a familiar Salvation Army'. tone played' upon some instrument whih- I think: wr.a . cornet;, but on mingledi sa Its melody that my ear was unable to tell anyth:ng beyond .the feet that i. was an Instrement of 'ebe sort.-" I could find no visible banue though I looked-all' along the t"in to see if lcould di?cover either insatra ment or' pslayer.: We arrived in Lutloorin about midday,. and I disaovered' it 'o 'be another of the bad ports of8 outhern India It is ,noti as bad: as, Madras, having a hbrbour, though ehallow, Its shallowness can 'be judged from 'the faot' that steamers; of only 2:000 tencahave to lie off over, four miles from'?tbe' pler. In ordrto' load' anod unload. - About 4'o'olock in the afternoon I madey way down to'the pler,'and whilst slandlig'there walling'for the Isnoli whblo wae?tolte e metO the, ista sr, I saw some 'strtpe figares'in the ditlanoe, folldodred by a oonsiderableorowd of eatives. Theyoame towards where I was standlog.and whenclose at band the mystery of the bhymn-tone whloh I had beard in the morning was explained. There were three Sa vatlon Army clioors with their wives. The men were clad In astive-sty~l; eicept thMi-they wotrehbrght osdrlt jjum ri, with; eharioalooking Zamli sterlsg in yellow, tilreads:-In::tn "ehfrono They wore, the ordinary turbana on their s?ads,'-nd .walked with bars' feet." The -emen 'were dreseed In ??iropean fashion, at 'one was barefooted,like' the mene. 1 rot into oonversation with them, discovered bhit one, the leader of the party, was an Englishman, the second Was asa American, nd the third "a Conadlan. 'The Englishman bad been to India for about five years, the rthere abort r? z --t th. In caswer to my qse?tionn, they told me they lired in native honues ana on n te eameftod as the natives. "Our theory is," said the leader, "that If we are to reach this people we must'conform o their manners and costomse. If we vis' to reach their sympathies we must be of the peop'e. ant not apart. fom bnem.!' I asked ,him if the .natives ousported' them liberally. He told. me In reply- that at .' ist they had con siderable difficulty,? and often even now wese' otb withouit ansietiese b;t that on lbs whole they found thenr wants supplled, and that amore generous spirit was manifesting Itself anlong.the people. Later on I found the' same ideas and the same experience amone the missies aries of the various de nominatione in China. To me it has always been a smatter of profound urp rise that men otherwise generous auld ,be fouand to asperse and be little the missionaries and their work, but I'never fell it more strongly than as I loched at these poor Salvation Army men, wearing a costeme so utterly strange to them; theirzaked feet tab?ding the'hurning oil ; their' livingdependent on the gene. rality of 'poverty-stricken strangers,; their food such a no' working man in their own land woild even look at'; their' houses the sqoalid hats that .one .sees everywhere; 'a?d:- them vet, cut. off .,from assoola.. .eon or -- elttves, . friends,:, anid fellowt. countrymen.: :hese men ..are the true knights' of the 'nineteenth century, and ilt hbould cheer every lover of hie race-to see the apostolioal seeccesion of noble men' and woen 'never 'dies ontu The objects of devetion vary, hut the dev0otioi is still the same. Sir Galahad rode out n 'shining aimour to do great deeds in his knightly way. To-day. the same lofty, spirit that animated hlm-self-iacrifice. purity, love for his fellow.?oas-animates some humble toiler without birth or name, and the modern Sir. Galahad. is found under the scarlet jemper of the Salvation"Arisy officer,' the black coat of the ordinary Protestant mis. iionary or'the priestly garb, of the Roman Catholic sLher 