AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL CHARLES DARWIN/ Fibst Article. In these days, when science takes the first place among human attainments, and when the great characteristic of human Intellect, that it looks before and after, is found especially active In scientific lines, Charles Darwin, who united with the acutenees and the patience of an observer of natural phenomena the boldest gene ralizations as to their causes and their sequences, is acknowledged all over the world to hold the highest rank. Even those who hesitate to accept his theory in its entirety acknowledge the admirable marshalling of bis facts, and this biography will Impress all readers with the enter prise, the industry, and the perseverance with which all his experiments were under taken, watched, and verified. The innate modeBty of the man, not only at the out set of his career, but after he had been acknowledged as the foremost man of the day, his freedom from all petty jealousy of hiB brethren of the scientific world, hLs openness to adverse criticism, which he seemed not to feel personally, but only as it might affect the reception of new truth, make the reader love as well as admire the man. Ee was as amiable in his family and domestic life, and as faithful in his friend ships, as he was conscientious in his work, and in spite of extremely delicate health, which often stopped him short for weeks and months at a time, he lived a long life, a happy life, and a life which shows splendid results. We recollect at th i time when we read the " Origin of Species" and the charming " Naturalist's Voyage Bound the World," which wbb In the same year, tracing his descent through his father from Erasmus Darwin, a philosopher and old-fashioned poet of the laBt century, and through his mother from Josiah Wedgwood, who made of our English potteries a field for the fine arts, and employed Flaxman on clasBio designs. The boy born In 1809 came of a first-rate stock intellectually and morally. His physical health 6eems I to have been originally good. When on the Beagle for five years he under went some hardships, and often great fatigue, and as he was looked on as about the strongest of the exploring party he was sent with one other man to fetoh water for a large party of officers and Bailors utterly prostrated with fatigue and thirst. The voyage was taken under Oaptain Fltzroy, afterwards Sir Charles Fitzroy, Governor of New Zealand. It was on a previous voyage that this gallant but Irascible commander had surveyed our North Australian coast, and the river Fitzroy will keep his name in perpetual remembrance. The noble basin whloh will hereafter be the harbour for a vast commerce between the Northern Territory and Eastern Asia takes its name of Port Darwin from the young man fresh from Cambridge who went at his own charges, or rather at those of his father, as naturalist to the succeeding expedition. The clever, successful Shrewsbury doctor, Bobert Waring Darwin, wished his son to follow the medical profession, but he could not Btand the right of operations in those pre-chloroform days. He then suggested the Church to his son, but though at that time Charles was an orthodox member of the Church of England he did not feel as if he was in wardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take these sacred duties on his soul, and would not profess that he was, The offer of going as naturalist all round the world was tempting to a young man whose tastes lay that way rather than in scholar ship, for he got through his school work only fairly well, and had great difficulty in learning languages. He, however, managed to take his degree, a respectable one, bv dint of industry. The voyage in the Beagle, which he considers the moat powerful influence on his after life, aa confirming and directing hia innate taste for natural history, could not have been undertaken if his father had not been rich enough and liberal enough to bear all his expenses during the time. The young man was not extravagant, but these five years, which the shrewd physician feared would be wasted and might unfit him for practical life, must have cost as much as the education for a money-making pro fession. However, it appeared that the Shrewsbury practice and the excellent investments of bis savings enabled Robert Barwin to provide for his family hand somely. Charles Darwin married in 1839, a little more than two years after his return to England, in his 30th year, his couBin-german Emma Wedgwood, and after three years in London settled down in Kent for the rest of his life. His marriage was eminently a happy one. He had none of that struggle for existence of which he writes so forcibly. He never had to work for his living or for that of his children. He rejoiced in the money he received for his works, as he feared he might bequeath to his children a delicate constitution, and thus handicap them in the ordinary bread-winning careers. We see no trace of remorse on hie part for marrying so near a relative, though in the organic world he observed that cross fertilization was always in favour of the progeny. In the year 1839 the prejudice against cousins marrying was only in its infancy among Protestants. Mr. Francis Darwin says :—" If the character of my father's working life la to be understood, the conditions of ill healthy under which he worked must bs borne in mind. Be bore his illness with such uncomplaining patience that even his children, who bbw him always full of pleasure in what pleased them, could hardly realize the extent of his habitual suffering. ... Bo one, indeed, except my mother, knows the full amount of suffering he endured, or the full amount of his wonderful patience. For all the latter years of his life she never left him for a night, and her days were so planned that all his resting hours might be shared with her. She shielded him from every possible annoyance, and omitted nothing that might save him trouble or prevent him from being overtired, or that might alleviate the many discomforts of his ill-health. I hesitate to speak thus freely of a thing so sacred as the life-long devotion which prompted all this constant and tender care. But it is, 1 repeat, a prin cipal feature of his life that for nearly forty years he never knew one day of the health of ordinary men, and that thus his life was one long struggle against the wearlnesB and strain of sickness. And this cannot be tdd without speaking of the one condition whioh enabled him to bear the strain and fight put the struggle to the end." The work which Charles Darwin gave to the world was done chiefly In the healthful open air. No book of his but represents, as well as the time spent in the writing and revision, always more or less of task work, many more hours face to face with nature. Always trying ex periments, and especially fond of difficult ones, when the cnanceB were a thousand to one against success; always observing the plants and animals, and especially the humbler and more minute speoies ; it is to his regular walks, taken in all weathers, and full of intellectual Interest that he owed the measure of health he maintained. With regard to reading and writing, Mrs. Darwin acted ob his amenuensis for most of his correspondence, and the news paper and books of pure science were all that he read for himself. History, travels, biography, and novels were always read aloud to him during his rest time. He was extremely fond of novels. He took a vivid Interest in plot and character, and would on no account know beforehand how a story finished. Look ing at the end he considered a feminine vice. Yet he enjoyed those of which he knew the end in a legitimate way, for he never tired of his old favourites. Walter Scott, MiBB Austen, and Mrs. Goskellwere read and re-read till they could be read no more. His love of all living creatures made the question of vivi section a hard one for him, but he believed that so muoh benefit for man had been gained through experiment on the lower animal that he oould not join Miss Cobbe's party. Under limitations, and with the employment of anaesthetics, wherever the nature of the experiment allowed it, he sanctioned the practice. His chief ailment seemed to be in the digestive organs, and he was sensitive to heats and chills. We hear of frequent and severe attacks of siokness and vomit ing, and he often went to hydropathic estab lishments for rest and special treatment,, which he said dulled his brain splendidly. As Carlyle suffered somewhat in the same way, but with less patience, and as the two men represent the opposite poles in the realms of genius it is worth while to learn what Darwin thought of the older man. " I met him once at my brother, Erasmus Darwin's, with Babbage and Lyell, both of whom liked to talk. Oarlyle silenced every one by haranguing during the whole dinner on the advantages of silence. His expression was that of a depressed, desponding, yet benevolent man, and it is notorious how heartily he laughed. I be lieve that the benevolence was real, though stained by a little jealousy. His pictures of thought and men were far more vivid than Macaulay's. Whether they were true or not is another question. He has been all-powerful in impressing some grand moral truths on the minds of men. On the other hand, his views about slavery (a subject on which Darwin felt very strongly) were revolting. In his eyes might was right. It is astonishing to me that Eingsley should hsve spoken of bim as a man fitted to advance science. He laughed to scorn the idea that a mathematician like Whewell could judge of Geethe's theory of light, as [ believe he certainly could. He thought it a most ridiculous thing that auy one should care whether a glacier moved a little quicker or a little slower, or moved at alL As far as I could judge, I never met with a man with a mind so little adapted for scientific research." 