IGNORANT AND EDUCATED BtTPERSTOTON. It is well known that the uneducated races are often liable to outbreaks of auperatitiouB fanaticism. As they throw offthe European hat aud prefer their native dress in their own homes, so they turn now and then from the teaching of the missionaries to the; ideas, which they have inherited. They care Utile about the rudiments of the three B's ; but they cling to the original rudimentary belief of medical treatment, that disease is the work of an evil spirit, which can more easily be driven out by tom-toms than by physic. A.curious illustration of this tendency is now afforded in Mauritius, where the Indians :and Creoles are afflicted with as deplorable a superstition as eyer awed a Highland hut or interested a theosophic society. . They belieyp that the island, is threatened by .a siren, by some sort of implacable goddess or bhnyip, who can only be appeased by the sacrifice of Children.' Hence, tflien a child is missed for a moment, , the mother concludes that it has jbecm stolen by some person who is anxious to curry favour with the terrible siren^ and the frightened neighbours at (moeaasist hey In punishing , the sus pected miscreants. In one: case described by the correspondent oi The Argtu three unoffending men were savagely handled near Port Louis itself, and it turned ont that the child Supposed to be lost was all the time batching ffles,br lulling in the mud at h6iu£. The superstitious infec tiqu has, V§ep. carried from tainted mind fa mind joyeiv the greatcrporiion _ci the island, and there are continued reports if wanton assaulta upon " fiuspectedkid 11 nappujra.,r TTiia ftmuBement is varied ^scaiibrially certohiony 0f casting wut the deyii. Afowl, apnnkled with, a white powder, » passed three times round the head of the victim, «nd the levil is believed to escape from the human being inttffhe wretched animal, whidh is then killed, in order that he (ye rib in . ^s the pa«Bage y}f #§j^eyil ia not Ire have to acceptiiWBI assurance of Ahe •Oroerer that it does tides piaoe. Butthii ■ no more than is demanded at an Brig ish siafn^t we have to take hhS fj® «nj$ hake haads wiih us in pitchy darkness, fcr the.agriritrlandi either in£ngland trAfrica, one requires to cultivate A large iteoftat* Q6*-&kh; > tutoced Indisp", Wfro to set himself tee at oude from Abe superstitioni of etituries. We hsve^ shown him the tea#-engino-^e hSyb done nothing to s ito Wiethe iavHi of i^ture. But exorcise suner atitica slowly. Before we pity aa uu taught Greole,we must remember that { trials for witchcraft were common in. civilised "Europe, and that credulity is as prevalent to this day as fogs in London, hot only among the lower classes, but also among the better educated. Men like Hbrrv Mors, Sir Thomas Browh, and Wbslby firmly believed that disease and death might be causedby the working of evil ' spirits. They saw no theoretical argument against this opinion, and their conviction was confirmed both by episodes of history and by the fact that many of the hap less old hags, who were accused of riding{ on a broomstick, or charming the milk from the cow, confessed that they were in league with the Evil One. It did not militate against their inference that the confessions were made under the influ ence of what was called the "witches'j " bridle." The truth is, that human | nature is disposed to be credulous. As manhood preserves the characteristics of boyhood, so we seem to cany a memory i of the beliefs which prevailed in the very j childhood of the wprld. As our physical relationship with, the lower animals is proved by the existence of organs in the body that have" fallen into disuse, so our minds seem to keep' some relics of the crude ideas, aind fears, and hopes of the primeval man. Some of these, like the story of Jack and Jinn, have become nonsensical nurseiy rhymes, while the fairies are a "property" of the panto mime-maker. But ghoBts and appari tions linger, and we apparently inherit! a disposition to believe in them. Spiritualism, the "great medium" of the credulous white man, seems to have arisen out of the prevalent superstition regarding haunted houses, where ghostly caps and footfalls are beard, and where spirits promenade in midnight darkness. As a rule, it has been chiefly distin guished by imposture on the one side and credulity on the other. In its serious aspect as a phenomenon of the human mind it may, perhaps, be regarded as a protest against science. Feeling that much scientific teaching was materialistic, many good people have been carried away by the desire to find some tangible visible proof of the reality of existence after death, and to bring the kingdom of heaven to sight. > They would have had a triumphant answer to all doubts had they been able to gain guidance and con solation, enlightenment and strength, by communion , with the departed. But, unfortunately, the spirits seem to ] be capable of no more than banging furni ture and writing trashy sentences in an almost illegible style.' Like the ghosts ] of the savages, . .they haunt the darkness. The main difference is that the savage honestly feared the spirits, and did every thing to keep them at a distance; the civilised man tries to induce them to visit him in vain ; the former imagines beings, the latter Adds a fanciful system of theorising. The belief in apparitions may, perhaps, be partly ascribed to an hereditary morbidness of mind, and to the insufficient explanations that have been offered. It: has been said, for in stance, that they are the result of anxiety, and of brooding upon one object. But, as has been well pointed out by a writer who appeals to the observation of some great authors, it. is not the heaviest mourners who sse visions and dream dreams. Sir David Brewster made a physical discovery which seems to go to the. very root of appari tions. . According to this distinguished scientist, en imaginary object may be seen as distinctly by the eye "as if it " had been1 formed from the vision of a " real objjpct.** " "When the eye is not ex pend ^9, lpiigteerions from external things, thej^tina m^y fye unpressed from within, and ibe object will appear to be outside. If tfcii fact is jestabliahed, as we believe it^tb tie, then a whole host of apparitions are easily aefcotmted for. But when the mind/Is ntjt iu full possession of itself, W$; can on^gpepu^to pa tf10 C&wes; which move it. Theref ore scores of dreams which have no connection with the dreajtoerifc experience, or with his usual tbotghtiy pr plans, or habits. Appari tors when the, thoughts j wefar away from the PfftffliwWhQ i«. supposed to appear. If we j India reoord of aiarge number of appari tion!, and ^f *tbeir coincidences - With actual pVSutS^wb "Could tell with certainty hp^Bttle tip? ^SlijP'ktriking coincidences ac^^J^mepf ^t^ boyond that, and in the i APhvc but uncon trolled, there antut be something which itwiUiniihpossibleto traoe. 