A MODEL PAPAL STATE. In Ecuador, the pope still names the president, the priests still make the laws,and, as a natural result, in that whole country there is not a railroad, nor a telegraph. nor a stage coach, nor a highway upon which a carriage or cart can be driven, except the great roads built by the Incas before the Spanish invasion, which have never been kept in repair, and are now almost useless. When I say that there is not a railroad in Ecuador, I should except a track ten miles long on the sea-coast, which was laid some years ago, but was never operated, and is now covered with tropical underbush like a jungle. The city of Guayaquil, the only seaport of Ecuador, is a place of some commercial importance, and the residence of many foreigners. They have introduced modern ideas and public schools. The seed thus sown i< bearing fruit, and is a perpetual menaca to the power of the church, so much so that the principle portion of the army of Ecuador is kept there to quell revolutions when the papal authority is resisted. Some o£ the enterprising citizens have organized a telegraph company, and are constructing a line to Quito, the capital, but the wires are constantly cut, and well-informed people predict that the priests will not allow it to be operated, for fear it will prove a wedge that shall open the country to other modern ideas. There is a law in Ecuador prohibiting the importation of books, unless they shall first receive the sanction, and Jesuit priests act as inspectors at the custom house, to prevent the dissemination of intelligence among the people. No records of the finances of the Government are kept. The president of Ecuador and his finance minister were unable to give the United States Commission the amount of imports and exports, or the amount of revenues collected. Their ignorance as to the disbursement of those revenues was quite as dense, but the prevailing belief is that most of the money goes to sustain the thousands of priests, monks, and nuns, that keep the people in darkness. When the public revenues are not sufficient to meet their demands, the necessary means are raised by forced loans from the merchants of Guayaquil. An officer with a file of soldier calls upon the business firms and collects the assessments. This practice has eiven rise to a peculiar custom ; for, to protect themselves from such impositions the foreign residents put signs on their doors to announce their nationality. Hence the traveller's curiosity is awakened by seeing the flags of foreign countries nailed upon the entrances to residences or business houses with a legend printed upon them, reading " He who lives within is an American," or a Frenchman, or an Englishman, or a German, as the case may be. Sometimes these warning are disregarded, and appeal to the minister resident is necessary for protection. Drunkenness, indolence, and licentiousness are the lessons taught by the priests. To attend mass every morning, and confessional once a week, are the only requirements of good citizenship, and vice of every description is not only licensed but encouraged. Fourfifths of the population can neither read nor write, and the only knowledge they have is what the priests have told them. Ecuador is a republic in name, but its constitution declares that the nation " exists wholly and alone devoted to the service of the Holy Church." The army is divided into four commands, called respectively " The Division of the Blessed Virgin," " The Division of the Holy Ghost," " The Division of the Son of God," " The Division of the Blood and Body of Christ." " The Sacred Heart of Jesus" is the national emblem, and the body-guard of the president is called " The Holy Lancers of St. Mary." There are no Protestants in Quito, and none are allowed to reside in the eity. Everything is tolerated but opposition to the church, and he who will not partake of the sacrament is stoned . —Dominion Churchman. 