Regrets of a Veteran Traveller.1 (From tho Tunes.) Those who remember Europe beforo tho Third Empire, and the great wars of tho last fivennd thirty yeurs, know how deeply the outward intercourse of nations has boen altered by all that has happened aiuco 1848. The English' man who travelled then did not feel himself as in n mero time of truce in tho midst of a war of races. Tho Frenchman -urns nhnti.v. trtw mit wardly courteous to flll, and inwardly 'full of bright views of himself and his great nation. Tbe German|gave himself no airs.being perfectly happyifhccoiildsaveHomcthalcrabyhisiiuperior information, and willing utall times to impart to aUhemethifi inexhaustibloHtorusof erudition and original views on things human and Divine. The Italian was not iu it But tho Italian or tbe Knssiun, if we met him, wan the cosiest and most versatile ef travelling companions. Time was when travellers who nupped at the same table could talk quite naturally to each other in any langaago that served best, when Englishmen did not stare at their countrymen much us undergraduates stare at 'an outcol lege man;' when Frenchmen und Germans .discussed the beauties of tho Rhine, and when it' was not an impertinence to address to a Tanger a remark about the weather. All that is over. Wars, annexations, revolu tions, race jealousies, railways, circular itours, , Harry and Betsy Jauc have made an end of that. We consort with those of our own nation only, and with much hesitation and doubt even with them. Germans, Frenchmen, English, Russians, or Italians Ukc their pleasure sadly in foreign part*, and in strict national lines. Thero aro English, Ger iiinn. and French resorts ; English, German, and French hotels in the same place : English, German, and French tables in tho same room. You may see English, German, and French families pass many weeks together in the same house, eat thrice a day at tho samo table, and. fiit for hours in tho same salons without overexii changing1 a chance word. It is hardly in human'.' nature to expect ease from a Frenchman. 'Sedan,' Metz, , Strasburg. and milliards are eternally 'n his soul ; revolutions, communes, prescrip tions, and party animosities make him as silent with his own nation as with others. Political causes have led to a singular change. The average Frenchman has lost his manners, and with his manners his liveliness, his happy opinion of himself, and his flow of speech. Out of hi* own (set or party ho is morose, taci turn, uneasy, and ill-bred. Hazard a few v.-ordd about the weather, and his second sentence will relate to the fogs of London (of which he has read in his pet feuilleton) ; ask him to pass you the mustard, and he will inquire if the favourite dish of the English is still raw beef. If a German Bits down at the same table, . you aro almost glad to observe that the knives and forks abroad are so blunt. In short, the Frenchman con ducts himself generally like a man who Las been declared a defaulter at his club. The conse quence is that the Frenchman abroad is too often a melancholy, silent, uncompanionable man. The German abroad is almost as reserved as tho Frenchman ; but it is not, at any rate, from wounded pride. Ho is aware that by rmmy ho is not loved, and he gently en joys tbe sensation. He is quite sure that iutelJoetually, materially, and artisti cally he st,and» before all the nations on earth, aud, as he knows that hia claims are beyond dispute, he needs no pretensions of of tho Frenchman, the versatile energy of tb« Englishman are very well in their way, but as nations they are 'both second rate. If they decline to associate with him on this understanding, he declines to associate at all. The war with France and the reconstitu tion of the German social economy have produced a great change -n German society. The German middto class is no longer poor, and not at all disposed to put up with anything second best. It is more enterprising, more lavish, more cultivated than tho corresponding class in France ; and, if not quite so numerous, or so wealthy, or so restless as that of England, it has far more real education, taste, and industry. Tho Germans, therefore, with their newly acqnired wealth, their skill, and general enterprise, aro in neutval countries like the Alps almost tho rivals in travel of the English. They spend nearly aa much, they are almost as numerous, they have everything almost trs good, aud they are far more really accomplished travellers. It must bo admitted that their mannors are not yet equal to their essential cnlture. The German of the higher class is poor, he travels little, and he does not form the manners of tho mercantile aud profes sional class. The middle-class Englishman, whose horror is the knife to eat with, the spittoon in tne sajoon, «mu sunury eccentnuitieti ui nauii, nnd dress is too often disposed to undervalue his German fellow-traveller, thonsjh in know ledge, culture, and just salf-rospect the German is much his superior. Now, the middle-class German in far too acute not to feel that, in refinement of jnanner and person, both he and sho have soino thinpr to leum, but as members of tho nation which leauB thu van of European ciril'sntion, he and she arc far too proud to acknowledge it. On the other hand, tbe Englishman of the middle class, who is apt to take the conven tional ha bits of his own aristocracy for real good breeding, , very much exaggerates such superiority in refinement as he may happen to possess with respect to his. German neighbour. Wealth, power, knowledge of nil sorts the German knows that he has. He is not at all disposed to be snubbed by living man or woman, nor in any place or way will he now be relegated to the second class. The English man too often has silly schoolboy prejudices about what he oalls 'continental hn'bite,' Bometimes things perfectly innocent and natural iu themselves. Very properly, con tinentals .decline to recognise the school boy ' standard of manners, and tho general coae of what is, and what is, not, 'swagger.' Hence comes it that travelling is very much less sociable and cheerful than it was;* Germans, French, and English prac tically hold no intercourse. The Frenchman's tongno is tied ; tho German no longer instruats us with, his vast erudition and complacent affability ; the Englishman no longer/comports himself as if everyone were glad to meet him, and as if it were .everyone's' duty to answer his questions and supply his wants. French men, .Germans, and EniilMi ,.Hvc side by side in the same house, walk in tho s'uud paths, lounge in the same veranda, and sit round the jsame fire as though utter lyj. unconscious of the presence of each other, without betraying by a! \vr.rd, look, or (.'esturo that th'y observe fellow-creatures around '..' thorn''. When wo travel now we all put '.' invisible caps J' in our bags, caps which make, \ not us invisible to .others, but all our. fellow,- travellers, invisible to us. -At any rate, ' all* persons of different nationality are not in focus at all. Wo walk/ Jtalk,' eat, and. drink asif they were mere Bimquo's i ghosts, invisible to the company generally. A. British peer at i racecourse could not seem more I absolutely unconscious of tlie preeonce of * his follow- beings. The Italian used to be, if one met him out of Italy, tho prince ol travelling.' companions. He was usually a very superior type of his nation, and li& urbanity, grace, ? and sweetness: of temper were a constant \ consolation and charm. The better lapecimonS' of Italian gentlemen arc iBtill, i perhupa, ?? the most agreeable of the ? European ' raoes. f : But one may. have too muoh of a good thing,- aud the hordes of Italian middle oloss who now pour across :the Alps, aro not always beautiful or gool. Tho great Alpine railway tunuols hftvo opened a new world to the untravolled millions of Northorn Italy..: No people in Europe have felt the oponing more certainly, as none are so olosotoit; and week after week the middle classes of Milan, Gisioa,- Turin, Lombardy. and Piedmont 'pour u6ro«a' tho: Alpine powes and throuj;'' 'h-5 tunnels- by toiw of thousands. The districts bnnlorinj* on tho great. Alpino railways arc now, the anain himntfl of Italian vi(ltfffto(«r-i. and the : iioiirlibmirlioo 1 of Lu. ce'rne ami St. Gotlwrd in ah Italiiiu Mummer colony. Ifcoonldharjly bouxiHKitol that; with such a vast inireaee ii- numliein, Italy could maintain the hiprh utondarl of thi Italian tra veller of old. Italiaiiiiximo, an I always pro fess myself I confess'thatl'ttuva I.ttlo tried by thje vacuous garrnlityof theso Milanese bur-' (jhore, thoir taste for colour in costumo now, alas! descended to the level of those 'of a Jamaica negreBB, and the Vapid iiuoudaiiee of man, woman, and child. As on the dock of the Lucerne steamboats, amid scones perhaps tho most exquisite and sublime in Europe, I listen to the eternal grasshopper chirrup of these bulbous, plain, blank- eyed tignorine, per jvatuaUj- Bucking oanunola und. lozenges, with . ,-? .?? - .kj'.wi1 ;??'? '??? ??:'? . '. ' .. -; ? their oleaginous ' mimmiV, . a bundle of ill' atwdrted chiffinti, 'i thoir bbeaei ijiiipa'! WitU' a big oad cigar in .his blackened teeth, aud tlie faineant youiijr nirai 'irith .gewgaw jewellery, vile tobacco, and almost every ac cessory of a tour'iHt, oxtx-pr books, information, enthusiasm, and into: eirt. I confea.i I wonder if the ' Administtation of the Italian RuilwayB1' have really benefitid their countrymen by organising 'no less than -A circular tours.' But these Milanosc and Tiirineso happy families, if they carry little out of tho Alps either in mind or body, do no moro harm thun tho grass hoppers ; and one can only trust that here and there in their crowdo there yet lingers the charming Italian follow-traveller of our youth, with far finer manner than the Frenchman, far more grace than tho German, and far more repose thuu the Englishman, who wub jiot without enthusiasm, knowledge, and energy, all infused with a. certain nympathotic sweet ness which was his own peculiar note. 