NEWS OF THE WEEK. GUNDAGAI POLICE COURT. Friday, September 11. . ?, Before Mr. Weokcs, P.M. William Forster was charged with using gbsconc language in a public placo, to wit tlio verandah of the Bco-hivo hotel, Cooloc. ?». | ? - Constable Clark, Coolac, deposed : Lodged a complaint against accused. On tho night of tho 6th instant- had to go to tho store about 7.30 Coming back heard a noiso going on in tho hotel. owppeu on one biuc. ncaru accuseu say 'Uiark is creeping about again, that b ? no good, it is a pity.someono did not shoot tho b ? .' Accused, ' when I spoko to him, seemed confused!- When I ' gavo him the summons next day he said ho was sorry for it. Accusod was sober. There wero two othor men with him. The landlord was not on tho premises at tho time. Was in a position to see oopuscd and havo no doubt it was ho who used tho words. » . J : .'.To defendant s Have frcqnentlycautioned people \- at Coolac against using bad language. t Sometimes 1 v go haro shooting; - Novcr hoard bad ifiaguago used ' on-tho railway station. . ' - For. tho defonco, | John Plows, deposed : Was at tho Bee-hive ' . hotel on 5th Soptcnibcr. Saw tho constablo there. Hoard tho words ' that b ? no good ' mentioned by some one.- Defendant did not ubo tho words \- Could not say whether Bradford or Smith used tho words. Was closo to Forster. Tho constablo was on tho verandah, but after the words wero used.-- Defendant was perfectly sober. To Senior-sergeant Vuughan ^ Was on tho veran dah ? within an arm's longth. Wo wero all of a bunch, but cannot say which of tho others gave uttdranco to tho words. Am posltivo it was not Forster. Cannot say who tho words referred , to. Nover heard Clark's name used. Clark came' into - tho- hotel prior to that. Heard tho words'- ' ?? 'Ho is.round again,' meaning Clark-- Clark said \- . ' so you think there are somo b ? about here ' ' Defendant admitted hoaring tho words, but didj j not uso them himself. ? -I v.' .-.The bench held tho offenco proved, l-ut as it was'' ?; Vthe first occasion he would l-o let off lightly ' bv a* fine of 20/- undv2/6 costs, in defuult'seyon duys'-' H- r, ? ? ,j Alexandci Gordon v. Joseph Ryan- 'rfhia was a I . , :- cAse:in. which a landlord sought to get possession of-' ' -*bls house. - - - - * I Ryan asked for time as his wife was too' ill to bo j ? , moved.und offered a month's rent in advanco. i Mr. -Gordon .said'-. ho ; wuutod .possession ' of his 1 -' bouse, * Ho had not had any reut for eight months Tho Bench could not take Ryan's appeal into : .consideration, and wero bound to* give the land* loiri possession if he insisted - upon it. However, as Dr. Frcelauil uurtlCcd that iho removal. of 'Mrs. Ryan* at present would endanger hor life, Mr. Gordon consented to the Bcufeh giving an order to defendant to vacate tho rpromiscs within ono month. Tho ordor was then granted. Messrs. Elworthy and Norton, J's.P., here took ? seats on the Bench. \f .. Argylo . McCallum, Yass, and C. S. Byrne, Tumnt, wore granted auctioneers' special licenses for tho Gundagai district. ' Tne committee of tho Literary Institute held the usual monthly meeting on Wednesday. Thcro were presont Messrs. Elworthy (in tho chair), Allraan, Nicholls, Matthews, Birnie, Col. Smith and Dr. GabricL Tho minutes of last meeting wero read and confirmed. Messrs. Turner and Henderson wrote about a new novel by Rider Haggard, but the committee took no action. Tho late Mrs. Robiuson had written asking tho com mittee to give hor any papers or periodicals which may bo done with in the Library, whoro after being read by the poor sailors thoro were sent by out ward bound vessels to islands in tho ocean and left there to comfort shipwrecked ' people. The com mittee decided to leave the matter in abeyance for the present'. Accounts , amounting to £2 were ordered to b$ paid, .but tho secretary is to notify that in futuro anything required for the institute' must bo sanctioned by Mr. M. Ryan, treasurer, or Mr. Birnie,' secretory. Tho sccrotary said there was £43/15/- in tho bank, £15/15/6 having been re ceived from the Government last week, being the balance of subsidy duo for 1887. It was docidcd to hold the next Silver Readings on Friday, 6th October, Messrs. Elworthy, Nicholls and Allman having been appointed a sub-committee to arrange foe it. ft is contemplated to prepare a farco this timo so as to vary the programmo. It is to bo understood that in futuro ladies and gentlemen assisting at these entertainments are to bo admitted free. An adjourned meeting of the Riflo Club' was held at Fry's hall on Tuesday night, Mr. Weokes, P.M., being in the chair. Thore were soventcen members present. Mr. E. Milne, Hon. Sec., read a reply from Colonel Eden, to the effect that the number of members of coinmittoo was purely, a' company matter. . Lottera wero read from Ander son, military tailor, »Sydnoy, offering to supply uniforms for £4/4/- a- suit ; tho Government price was 32/6. A letter was read from Mr. W. Foskett, Secretary Riflo Association, Sydnoy, covering tho programme of events to bo shot for in Sydney next month, and also of tha Victorian Centennial matches. Any member of this club entering for either of theso matches' will be entitled to a freo pass on tho New South Wales railways, and proper forms to do so can be obtained from Mr. Milne. No reply had been received from the staff with reference to tho targets. For six members of committee the following gentlemen were nomi nated, and a ballot was taken Col. Smith, 14 ; W. McCook, 13 ; W. T. Griffin, 12 ; R. Matthews, 11; S. Hinds, 10; W. Bibo, jun., 8; G. F. Dunlop, 0 ; F. J. Gallagher,' 6 ; Dr. O'Dwyer, 6; T. Nicholls, 5. Tho Chairman declared tho first named six duly elected. It was moved by Mr. Smith, seconded by Mr. Allman, ' and carried, 'That as soon us tho Sccictury has entered up the minutes of this night's proceedings tho present Chairman be roquested 'to sign them, us a record f^iwUtjm^oC^hivonqipatxyj;. — for use of p-room in the Court Hpuso is to.bo made, to the Minister for'Justice for 'the '.club. Tho' Committee aro to be called together wheii' the Hon. Sccrotary thinks fit. Accounts amounting to 24/- woro passed for payment. ? Deaf. — A pcraon deafness and noises in hcjyl of 23 years' stanmlg^fra tjrnpto remedy, jvill smi'La-descriptioi^Sfft^eeA^wy person who '?ppir/s to Nicnoi^oN, |5 WHlium-strcct, .Mel bourne. — Adv. Wb notice the Binalong newspaper is to be i resuscitated, u company having been forinod for working it. Entries for the Junee Show, which takes placo on 20th and 27th September, closo with Mr. M. H. Davies, sccrotary, on Thursday . 20th instunt. The programme, which is a lengthy and varied one, contains a grand champion prize of £50 for the best ram. Persons who have not entry forms or prizo schedules should apply to tho secretary for such.atonco. This is the first' show at Juneo and promises to bo a very good ono both in the number of entries and the attendance of visitors. - i Colon el F. Wells, Assistant-Engineer of Roads, I is now on a visitof inspection to this district. Wo i might suggest to our Wagra friends that thoy wait | upon the Colonel in reference to tho roads in that quarter. Tho old Gundagui Progress Committee j also might have an interview with him regarding tho bridgo over tho middle crcek as well as the dangor of tho unfenced roads at Tarrabandra and on the Tuinut roads. . . - . The Wesleyan Varioty Fair and Bruco Auction will bo opened on Tuesday 18th instant. Tho com mittco earnestly request thoso who have not already forwurded tho promisod contributions to do so not later than to-day. Messrs. 7Korry and Jones,- the well-known photographers, of Sydney, havo sent us somo samples of their beautifully executed Christmas cards, rboing-skws of .the colony, which thoy. aptly call 'peeps ii^unnyJWjw. South Wales.' Tho views boforo us arb^w(ciit race in Sydnoy Harbour, tho Mermaid's CavXt Kutoomba— a lovely picturo — and a view Bmjt Jackson. Theso arc very j suitable to sc|(u to fri^ds at a distance as 'Xmas cards and do doublo duW in tho kindly rcmcm branco as well us giving \«ne idea of ourboauti ful country. Messrs. Kerr^und Jones have hit upon a novel mothod of issuing a calendar for 1880\. A photograph a foot square with a calendar j in ono corner, which is as clear as print, together with a series of coloniul views. Tho idoa is well carried out und the wholo tiling - reflects credit upon this firm ; the picture would form an artistic ? adornment to any house. | Mr.. Milne, Socrotary of tho Rifle Club, in forais*us..thut a consignment of 45 belts and pouches has boon received but no rifles or targets, and it is thereforo not intended to issue them until the accoutrements aro complete. Valuablo Discovery, for tho Hair. — If your hair ? is -turning groy or whito, or fulling off, uso tho M«xican-Halr Ronowor,- for it will~poaitively ro- ' stow in ovory caso groy or white hair to its original' cokHir, wrfhpuirleavmg tho disagreeable smell; of most ' restorers.' It makes tho-fiafr chacsifffgfy boautiful, as well as promoting tho growth of tho hair. on:l-ad spots, whoro tho glands nro not do cvyoil. * Ask your chemist for I1 Tho Mexican Hair Rcnowor,'- sold by chemists and perfumers every where at 3/G per bottle. Wholosaio dopot 33 Far ringdou road,* England, London.— Adv. ? ? At a m.ootiug of tlio cominittco.of the, Agricul tural Society, \ held on Wednesday at Fry's.hall, tliero were presont Messrs. Elworthy (in the chair), Mclnernoy, Allman, 'James Turner, Carr, W, H. Jeukins and Makeham. Tho- rules of tho Society wore very carefully considored and somo of tbem which aro found unworkublo woro amended and jOthers substituted ; amongst them being tho | name of . the Society. Theso amendments will . bo submitted io tho adjourned . annual meeting of subscribers to bo held the Bccond week in October l and if adopted will be brought into uso forth 'with. . ; }'' At Jugiong Senior- Constable John Walsh has I been appointed Registrar of tho Small Debts Court. 1 A Crown lands sale will take place on Wednesday next' at Gundagai, full particulars of which will be found on our fourth page. We were in error in stating last issue that tho Rcdcmptorist Fathers now in Gundagai would conduct ? Muss at Coolac. Tho mission hero will terminate on Sunday and Jugiong will bo visited on Monday. 'Throughout tho stay, of. the rov. gentlemen here tho services havo been*' largely attended evcii by people living at a long distance from' tho town and great 'interest has' been mani fested in them. ^ II -yoU want Boots and Shoos in ererp possjblo njSke, stylo and price, go' to J. M. Dodd'&— Adv. ' -We mentioned in-'our last issuVtlmt'' ^ifirey^d con)plotcly.dcstroycd an empty house- at^Tamn^ the joint property, of Mrs. T. Downing and Miss, Murphy. ' At ati enquiry before the cofonef tho jury irdtiirned^tt -verdict of ; incendiarism ^against some x-erson unknown. It was elicited in evidence that tho house was to havo been sold on the Satur day following the fire. It was very , much out of repair andlnsurcd for £800, which was considered moro than its value. The night before tho fire Mr. Downing was in the house, but left for Gundagai the same ovening, and'was surprised when ha -re- ceived a telegram that tho fire had taken 'plaGO,' The following applications for land were made at tho local lands office on Thursday : — Original Conditional Purchase. Stephen Machen, 640a, Yabtrec. Conditional Lease. Stephen Machen, 640u, Yabtree. Tub Gorman Emporor has mado the Grand Duke Nicholas chief of a Prussian rogimont ; and the Czar of Russia has appointed Prince Henry of Prussia commander of a Russian regiment. ' Mr. S. M. Dennis, postmaster at Goulburn, has been committed for trial on a charge of embezzling tho funds of the local Post-Office Savings Bank. .. Thd best place to purchaso . Mon'sj^Vouth's, and I^oy '/Clothing (Victorian make) is at jT JL. podd!a wjfdv. , On , Tuesday a, deputation usked Sir Thomas M'll wraith for a bonus 'of £5000 and 5000a for the first 5000 yards of cotton goods manufactured from cotton grown iu' Quceuslaud. The nomination for East Maitland of a member to represent that electorate, consequent on Mr. Brunker going'- for reflection,- is fixed for Sep tember 19, and the election is to take place on September 21. ' y- WniLE Hewart was being exocutcd on Tuesday morning the haugman's assistant tlirico refused to pull the'- lever when ordered to do so, and the executioner had to leave tho culprit to do ithim ' wMcsSiaMti' nppc . I left u written ':statcmcnt bebidcT,1 the* contents -'(ft which have' been mado public, and in '.which he asserts lus innocence. Death was instantaneous. Keating's Cough Lozenges cure Coughs, Astlimh, Bron^fiitQ^ Medical testimony stateq that'no other mcdicino ia.fio effoctudl in tho euro qf theso/langer |. ous Tpaladies. The Lozenge alope' giv^'case^pne or^two at^Eedtime ensures refifT' Pttf^lieving difficulty of broathing thoy uro invaluable. They contain no opium nor any violent drug. Sold by all Chemists, iu Tins, 1/1 i and 2/0 each. — Adv. A telegram from Newcastle dated Wednesday says t — Tho whole of the Sydney and Newcastle I telegraph lines were interrupted for a short time owing to the damage done by a galo last night. Communications have- been re-established] ' The I dcleguto board is sitting to-day, making final i arrangements for the conference to-morrow. The I reports received through tho delegates from the I respective lodges show that the board's action is I unanimously approved by the whole of the mem- i bors of tho Association. Their hands having been thus strengthened, the miners' representatives, with tho formal approval of tho delegate board, will persist at tho conforencc to morrow m their I refusal to consent to any reduction w wages as | proposed by the masters in their draft agree ment. i In the Victorian Legislative Assombly on Tucs , day evening tho Government succeeded in defeat ing Mr. Rees's -proposal to increase tho import i duty on fat stock from 5 /? to 20/-, by a majority of one. Almost tho entire coinnuttco voted for Mr. Rccs's mohon to increase the duty on oats aud barley from 2/- to 3/- per cental. A most successful trial of - tho stump-jumping plough, patented and - munufucturcd by Mellor Brothers, of. Adelaide, took ? place . at Braybgook Junction, Victoria, undor tho auspices of tho Soutli Australian Commission for tho Centennial Exhibi tion. After the trial, which was witnessed with much satisfaction by a large1 numbauof -gqrainB, Mi-. Mellor stated that arrangements *3vero being mado with Messrs. McCaltnan, Gardo* and^tJo., implement makers, Np-th Melbourne, for the fo&l; mauufacturo.of patent . ploughs and scarifiers,' flh'd that it was proposed, to erect a factory -on -thp ground oil; which tho trial had just boon made, which had been purchased for tho purpose. ' - Holloway's Pills.—1 Tho stomach and its troubles cause more discomfort and bring moro unhappiness than commonly supposet^Tho t^qsand ills that fcttlo ^here may bo prGvontctf or dislodged by tho Judicious use of these punfying Jws, which Buro, gentlo autiA«^'«p^nentw without annoying tho nerves of tho most susceptible or irri tating tho most delicate organization. Holloway's Pills will bestow comfort aud confer relief on every .headache, dyspepsia, and- sickly sufferer, whoso tortures make him u burden to liimsolf and a bug bear to his friends. Theso Pills havo long been the populur' remedy for a weak stomach, for a dis ordered liver-or a paralysed digestion, which yield' without difficulty to. their rogulating, purifying and touie qualities. — Adv. Donald Mackenzie, a police constablo at Rock humpton (Q.), was shot at on Saturday night by a man named McKenzie, a stonemason, and a re spected roaidcnt of Rockhampton. Tho bullet p issed through the calf of tho constable's log, with-' out doing serious injury. McKcnzio gave himself' up to the police, but ho has sinco been liberated ' Tho causo of tho disturbance is said to bo tho con stabloV intorferenco with McKonzlcs's domcstlo' relations. : * :? ? ? ? ! If jyonVwdnt a perfect fatting suit miule to order 1 by pne of the -loading tailoring ' osrobliuh ments 'of th£ cd^iy, go to iJ. M. Dodd's, :wh^nr^ou hffvb spWdid range of patterns, com^riai^g'all n^uind^ fashionable materials for Spring and Summer to~ select from. .. Suits from £2/15/- upwards.— Adv. Tn&RE; are a1 class of persons,, chiefly of nomadio habits, who consider hospitals free institutions, and when they take advantage of the medical advice and comforts within their walls, do their best to ovado'paying anything for them. They take care to either artfully^ conceal any money they may have about them when thoy enter, or they loavo it in the custody of a friend outside until they are discharged. Ono of theso gentry lately found himsolf in tho Bathurst Hospital, and tho matron knew that he could pay for tho servico rendered him, and ho refusing to do so sho impounded his shirt until such time as he roturncd to rcdeom it. It was not much of an asset, it is truo ; but the committee - highly . complimented her on ' her activity .in, her trust, and congratulated themselves on having such a zealous officiul. It occurs to us that she could improve on this expedient' to .deal with defaulters if she only thought of it. History relates, in a ballad, how one Miss Bailey, who had the misfortune to be mined by an unprincipled military captain, ' hanged hcrsolf in her garters.'* Subsequently her ghost visited the captain as ho ;W08 ' sleeping the sleop of the unjust ' one night, . and, after denouncing him for his trbachery,' made off wiiJa his only pair of regimental small clothes. «Ehe moral of tliia doleful ballad is that, if wicked ?Wien will behave as this captain did, they may becomo sans culottes. In view of this sad narra tive it might be as well, should wicked mon try again to defraud tbo committee of the Bathurst Hospital authorities and refuse to pay their just dues, to impound their unmentionables insteud of their shirts. — Echo. In the Full Court on Monday Mr. Justice Windcyer delivered ah important judgment with regard to tho taxing of costs iu tho case M'Sharry v. Commissioner for Railways. This was u claim for £100,000, made by the plaintiff, a railway contractor, and by consent referred to arbitration. The plaintiff was awarded £20,433/10/11 and brought in his bill of costs, amouuting to £22,983 15/. Objection was taken to this on the ground that tho defendant hud clearly defeated the plain tiff in stho greater portion of the issues, and the Prothonotary adjourned the taxation to enablo the defendant to bring in his costs on the issues on which he had succeeded. Against this decision tho plaintiff appealed. The Court held that it would, be competent for tho Prothonotary to satisfy him self as to what parts of the plaintiff's claim the defendant having succeeded in was entitled to bis costs. Throat Affections and Hoarseness. — All suffering from ir^itat|pn of the throat and hoarseness jyill be agre^fbly surprised at the almost immetiiafe-rflicf afforded b^-tho uso. of 'Brown's'.' Brojjchial Troops. -Th&sg; famous ' ' lozengca^fara iivw-mW by most 'rcspcctablo chemists in this country at 3/1A per box. People troubled with a ' hacking cougli,' a 'slight cold,' or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pulmonary and asthma tic affections. Sco that the words ' Brown's Bron chial Troches' are on tho Government Stomp around each box. Prepared by John I. Brown and Sons, Boston, U.S. European depot, 33 Farringdon road, Loudon, England. — Adv. , 