TAKING THINGS EASY. There is no small art in taking things easy, so long as we must suffer annoyances in this breathing world, saying as little as possible about them, and making no parade of our martyr dom. If making a fuss and rendering every one else about us uncomfortable, in any way abated the ills that flesh and spirits are heir to, there would be some slight excuse for the folly and selfishness ; but since we cannot es cape tribulations of one kind or an other, fretting only aggravates them. Either let us be silent and endure, or take arms against our woes and by contending end them. In general, he who makes no ndo is supposed to have no troubles of his own, or an organiz ation so inferior that it is not jarred out of tune by the rough usage of for tu'ue ; to make the very worst of every trouble, big or little, from the frac ture of a teacup to that of a skull, is considered by many a proof of great sensibility and depth of character ; while he who pursues the other course, who endures reverses, slights, injuries, pin- pricks of annoyance, agues of an xiety, physical and mental neuralgias, without reporting them to every pass er, and howling his grievances into the ears of every listener, is spoken of as of fibre too coarse to feel acutely and suffer keenly. ' It is his temperament' we are told. ' He taki-s nothing to heart.' Some one, however, wittily advises us, ' Never tell your misfortunes ; nobody likes to have unfortunate friends.' But in spite of this warning, many seem to think that disaster itself is a recommend to favor ; tkat they de serve a bonus for serving as a target for fortune's arrow ; and they are not seldom acutely jealous lest some other should be deemed their supei'ior m suffering. In the meantime every one has a welcome for the person who has the good sense to take things easy. It is comfortable to be able to agonise over one's own trials, to ' a mind at leisure from itself.' The person who can go without her dinner and her spring suit, and not advertise the fact ; who can lose her purse, keep her temper ; who makes light of a heavy weight, and can wear a shoe that pinches without any one being the wiser ; who does not mag nify the splinter in her finger into a stick of timber, nor the mote in her neighbour's eye into a beam ; who swallows her bitters without leaving the taste in other peoples' mouths ; who can give up her own way with out giving up the ghost ; who can have a thorn in the flesh and yet not prick all her friends with it — such a one surely carries a passport into the good graces of all mankind. — Bazaar. 