OUR CHURCHES. TRINITY ' CHURCH. Last Sunday being tbe Festival of Whitsuntide, the services (as usual) comprised an early celebration of the communion at eight o'clock a.iu,, and a second administration after the morning annriVo of olavon Af. thic enrxrint* fho Incumbent delivered a short address, or meditation, from tbe steps of the Holy Table, his subject being a few words taken from the Gospel of the Day, 'Tlie Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost.' Ia the evening the Incumbent preached a sermon appropriate to the Festival from I. St. John IV., verses 1, 2, 3. After showing, from the his tory of the Church, what was the nature of those ' false spirits ' against whom the Apostle warned his disciples, tbe preacher proceeded to examine tbe question, *' Does difference in doctrine produce difference in conduct V' In St. John's day, he said, such difference must have been observable, because while tlie orthodox teaching of the Incarnation of the Son of God natur ally tends to make men lead Inly and uncorrupt lives, the heretical teaching given by the ' false spirits ' provided no safeguards against immorality. In modern times, he observed, it has been fashionable to say with tbe poet, '? For forms of faith let graceless zealots fight, ' His can't be wrong whose life is in the right.' But the truth in this assertion (for there is an element of truth iu it) consists not in the fact that it matters not whether a man's belief is right or wrong, but in this — ' That right con duct always presupposes right prin ciples.' Let then a man be never so wrong in his outward profession of faith, yet, if he leads a holy life, it is certain that his real belief differs from that outward profession, or, in other words, tiiat the man is better than his creed. On the other hand, a man may be thoroughly orthodox in his outward profession, but, if his life is unholy, he is one of those of whom the prophet says, 'They draw nigh to God with their lips, but their hearts are far from Him.' After all- our Lord's words are conclusive Ou lis subject — ' A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring good fruit.' 