THE TRUE STORY OF " EDWIN DROOD."4 Sir. Proctor has done himself injustice by the title he has given to his little essay on " Edwin Drood." He has given us nothing sensational, but a convincing demonstration of what the real plot of " Edwin Drood " was intended by Dickons to be. Sir. Proctor is right in saying that a per ception of the real idea underlying this plot is what is chiefly needed for raising tho book from a commonplaco -and unimpressive story of murder, out of which all tho Dicken3 was, as Mrs. Curdel in "Nicholas Nioklcby" said of the drama, positively gone, into an excocdingly striking and entirely novol form of Dickens's favorite theme, thus forming tho powerful con clusion of on ascending climax. This was the reason for Dickens's extreme anxiety, noticeable in Forster'aLife, not to reveal the plot to anyono prematurely. Ho writes to Forster that he has "a very curious and now idea— not a commu nis a'Jc idea, or the interest of the book will be gone." Dickens, in fact, meant to keep the secret even from Forster, for fear of raining tho interest of his book " From what we know of Forster's restless inquisitiveness in regard to Dickens's plans," Mr. Proctor remarks, "we learn without surpriso that immediately after he had been told that the idea was not communi cable, ho asked to have it communicated to him. Nor docs it seem to have been regarded by Fors ter as at all strange that ' immediately after- irards ' Dickens communicated to him the idea which had been described as ' incommunicable,' or that the new and curious idea should be both stalo nuil commonplace — nothing, ill fact, but the oft-told tale of a murder detected by the presence of indestructible jewellery iu lime into which the body of the murdered man had been flung. Forster's vanity blinded him iu such sort that the latent artifice was not detected. Yet even he asked where tho originality of the idea came iu. Dickens explaius, he naively adds, that it was to consist 'in tho review of the murderer's career by himself at the close, when its temptations wore to bo dwelt upon as if not he, tho culprit, but some other man, were to be a'hcw and curious idea, truly ! Little did Diokeus think that in thus keeping , ot bay tor tho timo his garrulous and irrepressible biographer he was making all but his more observant readers believe that tlio Dickens they know was already gone before he died. But tho real plot of the story was exactly what Dickens himself described it : " a very curious and new idea, aiul a very strong one, though difficult to work." It was also, as Mr. 1 rector successfully shown, though this was probably not perceived by Dickens himaelt, only tlio fullest development of an idea which runs through every oncof hisnovolsafter "Pickwick.' That theme, in its simplest form, is nothing mora than that of a person— generally, but not sc-rne on- fc-r v'lflia i.e feel- nc'Lir.z but contempt. In "Oliver TwU% " "T're OM i Curiosity Shop.""' " Dr-mbey and Sen." "David Copperae'd." " Bleak House," " A Taieet Two I'jra' and "Great Expectations" only the j simpioc form e-f this theme appears," and : then . only as a sabordinare part oi the i plot. Bet even a careful reader of ' Dickcr.s may be soiaewna: surprised to find on f examination thai in all the other books, inchid- t ing the more important of his shorter tales, the ! same idea reappears as a central par: ei the : plot, with a regularity which in other hands ; conld scarcely have failed to seem monotonous | ; but for the extraordinary variety of fotms in ; which it is presented, together with the cetn- I £ laxity of plot, which is at once a merit and a i li'tlt in Dickens's methc-d of construction. And ; it is very carious to notice how nmny of the | characteristic points in the plot of '"Edwin i Drood" are " blocked in" in the earlier stories. Thus, in " Little Dorrit," Monsieur Biar.dois | (though here it is the villain who does it) dis- guises himself, just like Datehery, as an old i man with white hair, watched patieKiissr.mrr,- 1 | tally by Csraletto. In " Hunted Down." a ' i powerful short story, Jlskham, or Beckwith, ! supposed to be dying by slow murder, turns ! suddenly upon the villain, Slinktoa, I whom he tracks to death. And in the pari of " No Thoroughfare" written by ; Dickens (the rest was by IVilkie Collins, who ! seems to have worked in admirable sympathy I with himl, where the circumstances of the ' murder have a striking resemblance in more i than one point io that of "Edwin Drood," the ! dead mnn suddenly comes to life in order to con- 1 front rhe murderer. Mr. Proctor thus, with j great literary skill, and with an amplitude of i illustration which we, of course, can only indi- ; cate, shows at least aa antecedent probability | that the plot of " Edwin Drood " would be some ! variety of Dickens's favorite plot— that Edwin, i ia short, was not dead when Jasper believed ; that he had murdered him, and that he was ! continually watching Jasper. under a disguise j until the moment arrived for a dramatic ! d-'noam-int. The disguise, of course, is that ! of Mr. Datchery, the " white haired personage ! with black eyebrows," who appeared "su.ldeniy \ in Cloistcrham. That this is undoubtedly the j truth had already been conjectured by many, ; perhaps by mast, of the careful readers. But j the niost "striking and novel feature in Mr. Proctor's argument Is that tUeactnalifenoutaien! was to have been one ot tne most dramatic m all Dickens — perhaps the most sensational in all fiction. It is that Jasper wa3 not merely to be confronted with Edwin Drood alive again, bn: thai he is to be gradually forced to Mts. Sapsea's monument into which, in quicklime, he believes he has cast Edwins dead body, there to grope in korrer for the diamond ring which he fancies now to be the sole evidence oi his terrible crime, when — " As he holds up the hiniem, shuddering at the thought of what it may reveal to him, he sees his victim with stem look fixed on him — xile, silent, relentless ! With a shriek of horror the ' ghost' of that awful cry had been heard before by Durdles). Jasper casts down the lantern, and fiies from the tomb. But even as he rushes forth he is faced by two men, from whom Its turns, utterly unnerved by the horror of the tomb, to seek the only path of escape— the winding staircase of the tower. They follow him closely, Neville firat, Tarter close by him, Drood himself a few steps behind Tarter, and Crispark'.o following. Seized by Neville at the too of the staircase, Jasper turns aud struggles fiercely with the man he hates. Neville receives his death wound, but lives long enough to know that his name has been cleared ; Tarter, Drood and Crisparkle capture Jasper, and the villain is cast into prison, but not until lie has beeu confronted by his supposed victim anil by Grewgions, and made to feel how, while he supposed himself safe, every movement of his had been known to them and watched by them. In.the knowledge that Tarter loves Rosa, and is loved .by. her, Jaspers punishment is com plete." . Now, slight as the materials may seem to an ordinary reader for a close to the story to bo suggested with such precision of _ detail, Mr. Proctor is perfectly justified in say ing that little of it needs to be invented at alb It was nearly all told by Dickens himself ; first, in what tho existing torso of the story discloses generally, underneath its purposely misleading suggestions, such as that of the quicklime ; secondly, in ihc very few hints, dropped jealously even toForsterand Miss Hogarth, of which the most important . is his own phrase, " the Daichcry assumption ;" lastly and perhaps most incontrovertibly, in ihc small pictures on the original green covers, which have unfortunately become somewhat rare. These pictures, which are rather coarsely drawn, and scarcely worthy of Mr Fililes's delicate illustrations to tliebook itself, were done by Mr. Fildes under Dickens's direct instructions, but without explanation of their meaning, and hence ore of unique interest. And the concluding scene of these, where Jasper is seen entering a cell or vault with n lantern, and confronting the pale, resolute figure of Edwin Drood, who is waiting for him, entirely fits in with the con clusion above sketched, aud at once destroys any possibility of a conclusion based on the idea that Edwin has really been murdered. It is unnecessary to apologise for this detailed analysis of so slight an essay-'-hardly more than a pamphlet in form, but full of interesting and valuable material for every, student of Diekens, and, indeed, of English literature. Even as a mere careful study of the unfinished work of tho great novelist by an eminent literary aud scien tific man, this little work would deserve notice. But it does much more than that. Tho right understanding of tho plot of "Edwin Drood" justifies the remarkable opinion expressed by so good a judge as Longfellow, dissenting at the time from the great majority of critics, that it was " certainly one of Diokeus's most beautiful works, if not the most beautiful of all." It de monstrates conclusively that Dickens, so far from falling lack from decay of power upon a threadbare plot of mnriler, was really working out with his most matured skill by far the boldest and most original variation ot" the favorite theme which underlies every one of his plots. 