THE WEAKER VESSEL. A.NOVEL, By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of "Joseph's Coat," "Rainbow Gold,' " Aunt Rachel," &c;, [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XLI. A royal master of fiction laid it down as an axiom that when everybody can tell how a Btory will end, the story is ended. Here, for the rounding of this history, there remain but two or three things to tell. Mary and I returned to town to gether'that same day,'and Clara nursed her for a day or two with great assiduity, for now that the strain was over she proved quite overwrought. She was soon herself again, however, and we fell into our own ways of life at home, with some few differ ences. Pole had never once crossed'my threshold since my marriage, and his reason for absence had been understood all along. He came' for the first time about six weeks after Lady Worborough's funeral. He was serious at first, but he had always been a man to whom affecta tion of any sort was intolerable and hate ful, and when in the course of our talk we happened to strike a comic fancy, he had one. of his old bright and charming smiles in -readiness for It. His troubles had aged him, and young as he was there was a touch of grey about his hair. The atti tude of his mind had grown habitually serious, but he was not at all the man to cling to a departing shadow. "I don't know," he said, "whether I have acted properly In coming here so Boon. I have been guided by you so often that if you will allow me I will take your advice once more. Mary is still staying with you ?" "Still," 1 answered, "and will stay until the only person who has a right to take her away shall come to do it. I have been looking for you for days past." "That sounds," he said, "like ap proval." . "It ought to sound," I answered him, " like complete approval. The fact is that if you like to think so your position for a time might be embarrassing and delicate. If you do not choose to trouble youraelf at all about It, it may grow natural in a day." Clara, who was of course aware of his presence In the house, came in at this juncture to welcome him. She stayed bat for a moment or two, and on retiring— "Tea will be ready In five minutes. You will come up and join us, John, and bring Lord Worborough with you." This indicated clearly enough another opinion on our side, and we followed Clara upstairs. Pole glanced about the room, but Mary was not there. He looked disappointed, and even a little nervous, but almost immediately she entered. They shook hands, and we all sat down together, Clara talking at first with a rather forced vivacity. She soon conquered this, however, ana the ice once being broken we got on wlthoub further trouble, When we had taken tea Clara moved into the ad joining-room and sat down to the piano. I also sauntered through the folding-doors and stood to listen to her playing. It was by no means as firm as- usual, and I was not long in discovering that she was crying softly to herself. But I knew that her tears were very far from being unhappy and feigned to take no notice. In about an hour Pole said his good-byes and went away. He came again, and continued to come, not half as often as I should have been glad to see him, or I suppose a twentieth part as often as he would really have cared to call. I remember that whilst these visits were going on, and whilst indeed they were comparatively new, Clara and Mary and I dined together with that genial old Dr. Fish, of whom I have once or twice found it necessary! to make mention in the course of my story. I met at his table , the lady of the poor dear Hottentots. It •appeared that they had changed their allegiance, and the poor dear Cypriotes were now in charge after a fashion as mysterious as that of their predecessors. She hinted to me after dinner that Lord Worborough's visits were just a little— now didn't I think so ? Were they quite ? —Didn't I fancy, now, that they were 1 rather premature ? Did I think that they were absolutely and entirely ?—well, she ^ might say delicate ? "Dear madam," I responded, "Lord Worborough and Miss Delamere suffered horribly as the result of a wicked and shameful plot. They behaved through out like persons of delicacy and honor, and they are acting now like people of common sense. It was I who took upon myself to advise Lord Worborough, and his visits to my house are at my invita tion." Whether the general Mrs. Grundy had more to say upon the question I never learned, and certainly never took the trouble, to enquire. This particular lady was more abashed than I had meant her to be. She abdicated from her proprie torship of the poor dear Cypriotes for the rest of that evening, and went away early, with effusive "my dearing3" and hand shakings for Miss Delamere, When we had quite Battled down to tha new order of things, and when that sorrowful past had at last sunk from tha surface of our lives, we made a very happy quartet. From my dignified height of married man I looked upon the t wo dearest friends I had in the world with a profound satisfaction and thanksgiving. Clara, from her extra elevation of dignity as married woman, surveyed them with a .pleasure as genuine as my own. Tha ghastly dead past must have floated up sometimes in their remembrance as it did in ours, but the great equal stiream of tiara went on and drowned it deeper, hour by hour and day by day. Tha haunted man, In his bargain with the ghost, lost all his memories of sorrow with the natural result we know of. It would be as°sad to lose our memories of trouble as * to lose our memories __ of joy. But we may all thank God that joy grows brighter in the retrospection, and. that sorrow fades. If was about this time that I received an unexpected visit In my official room, Mr. Delamereturned up there, asdistinguished, as well bred, as condescending and nrbana as ever. "My dear Denham," he said, "I have called upon you with regard to an affair of the utmost delicacy. I have • never bean able to refrain from a certain feeling of contempt for those people who make a lavish display of the emotions. I have, in fact, now in preparation for the press, a lecture delivered some years ago on tha 1 Control of the emotions as a sign of the perfected man.'" I thought within myself that the control of the emotions was no doubt an admirable thing, but that the aspect of power In that direction might he Iobs estimable where there were no emotions to control. But I held my tongue, and Mr. Delamere streamed on, calm, urbane, forgiving. "I have never," he pursued, "closed my eyes to the fact that your charming wife and yourself have of late consider ably Influenced the career, the character, and the resolutions of my child. I do not enquire whether her resolutions to divide her life from mine were, or wera not, arrived at as a result of that un«. doubted Influence. I even applaud that fineness of sentiment, that high sense of honor in my daughter which led her to sacrifice the instincts and the cherished associations of a lifetime. I presume that the instincts were inherited, and I cannot, and I do not, blame Mary for acting upon a sentiment which I have found only too considerably active in my own career. She has an erroneous conception of the • circumstances of the case. But I authorise you to Inform her—I should rather say, perhaps, that I beg you to ^inform her—that I applauded her feeling, but that I con sider that she has this time more than sufficiently justified her own position. I come to you because I cannot again endure to be encountered with coldness by my daughter. I appeal to you as a man of honor to present my case as I have stated it. It is possible," he added, with a touch of dignified pathos which would have im posed upon me completely In the early days of my acquaintance with him, "it; Is possible that my very whereabouts may ba unknown to her. You will find it indi cated here." With this he produced* a card and laid It delicately upon the table, like an artist and a gentleman. He took up his hat like an artist and a gentleman—he really had the most perfect and finished manner I have ever known—and rose to go. I pro mised that I would do my beat, and told him I was certain that Mary would be tha happier for the reconciliation. He thanked me and went away. I took the message home that evening, and to be brief, Mary consented very willingly to call upon him, and next morn ing paid him a visit. As a result of this I wrote to him saying that she would con tinue her residence with Clara for soma little time to come and asking him to visit her and ns as often as he pleased. I ex pressed my joy at the reconciliation, and made myself a great deal more agreeable on paper than I felt internally towards him. Sebastian had been upon our household list almost from the beginning, and it was like old' times to hear him and Delamere, when they met . together, orating one at another with all their original solemnity. Sebastianhadturne'dtoarchitectureandhad a theory that the reformation of the world from the great doctrine of ugliness was more easily to be effected in that direction than any other. " The very streets of London strangle and suffocate the wayfayer," he would Bay. " The dull, eternal, unbroken straight line wearies the soul with its bifinite monotony of repetition. The poisonous fallacy of utility has been the death of beauty." I Buspect that he wrote these things down and committed them to memory, unless when they came freshly from the paternal pump spout and he repoured them. " I speak of the fallacy of utility, and I protest that I find no exaggeration in the phrase. The first essential in a thing is that it shall not be hideous. The second essential In given cases is that it shall ba useful. Because you can pack more squares or oblongs than circles or ovals into a given space. we sit In. these soul freezing rooms of ours, among flab walls and ceilings." Pole was there, and asked him if he wouldn't keep the floors level, if only as a concession. Hot to speak it unkindly, Sebastian had grown more tolerant of Pole's form of humor since the latter had come In for a great fortune and a peerage. I daresay that was true of many people, and I am not disposed to be severe on Jones. He smiled allowingly, and pro ceeded with the development of his theory. ■" It is very heartbreaking," he said at. last, " but nobody appears to care much. I dined last night with a contractor. One meets such people now and then. He jeered at my contention In a way which I felb to be quite tasteless and a1most personally injurious. He positively told me that I need only exceed my average allowance of wine at dinner, and 4 top up' —that was the contractor's expression— with a dose of Old Tom and hob water in order to see the lines of any street arranged in as varied a pattern as I could deBire. Of course that closed the con versation. One can't talk with such people. They veil themselves in their own coarse contempt against the light of thoughts beyond their understanding.' Bub Sebastian was even more enjoyable on one occasion when only Pole and I were present. It appeared that Delamere and he had clubbed together aud had resolved, for the sake of society, to dine In common when nob otherwise engaged. " And do you know," said Jones, " I begin to suspect Delamere of being a trifle selfish in an almost unbelievable direction. We have dined -together, I should suppose, Bince this compact was entered upon not fewer than a score of iimes. How it happens that the man who'caters for ns at the Albany, though otherwise excellent, is possessed of bat' little resource or variety with respect to deBBerb. He has alwayB served up a mere half-dozen of a kind of macaroon of which I am—one confesses to this kind of trifle with no shame—particularly fond. I appropriated them, of course, with Dela mere's express consent on the firsb even ing. They became, so to speak, my pro perty, and I looked forward to them naturally aB the close of my repaBt. How, last night and positively also the night before Delamere deliberately and with obvious intention appropriated them all." Pole said that this was simply brutal,' and Sebastian thought the term too strong. Really, he thought it unwarrantably strong. Pole was sorry, but regretted that be could not modify it, and Sebastian expressed his regret at having told .the. story. He valued Delamere, and had no wish to give his friends a poor opinion of him. For his own part he was contented to describe tbe act as an unexpected idio syncrasy, I delighted in all this, not merely be cause it was so charming in itself, hub because it Bhowed that Pole still had a laugh left in him, and because he had had a more relishing perception by nature of the fun than X bad, Nothing was Baid of the one event which we all regarded as inevitable. Clara was full of wonder as to when the news was coming. It came oub at length that Pole and Mary had decided between themselves to wait a year, and that they had resolved npon a very quiet wedding. To me the time seemed to pass Bwiftly, and I look hack to it now, or at least to all hut the earliest months of It as the happiest of my life. There are few men who can hoast of nine months so free from care, so tranquilly, uneventfully hopeful and content. To see the patient look of settled resignation fade from Sffaiy's face, and to bob the dawn of posi tive happiness In It, was in Itself a joy which any man might envy. To see the same change in Pole, to watch the quiet hearty humor of the man growing mora supple and more at home again within him day by day, was another and an equal pleasure. I thought Pole the best fellow in the world. Almost everybody has that opinion about somebody, but I am pre pared to this hour to back my man, and if anybody should prove so fortunate as to win against me I shall never know it, and the winner will have a friend who is indeed worthy of his best affection. X am getting very near the end now, and have little more to tell. But when I sat revolving this old history In my mind a year ago, and determining to write it, I fixed npon a title for the story as if it had been a novel. I decided to call it " The "Weaker Vessel," and that if ever it should see the light of publicity Is the name it ought to bear. The episode, the remem brance of which decided me upon that title, haB Btill to be told. The title itself has passed into a sort of byword between my wife and me, and we have grown lamiliar with the name. It was only a week before the wedding when Clara the younger had been con ducted on a chill but sunshiny day upon a walk by ber nurse. This same Clara the younger has filled but a little place in these pages, though she was known to all hands aboard the family crafb as com mandress-in-chief. We were all standing at the drawing-room windows at home, chatting and looking out on the fine bright weather—Clara, Mary, Pole, my self, and Delamere. Clara, Delamere, and myself were at one window, Pole and Mary, at the other. The little Clara was suddenly discerned in the street, toddling forward with outstretched hands and somewhat uncertain footsteps, treat ing the ridges of frozen mud as if they were half her own height. She had evi dently escaped for the moment from her nurse, who was scudding forward in a stooping poBture, either to pick her up- or to sustain her footsteps, when a wildly driven hansom came tearing round the ' corner and dashed In between them. The child was absolutely touched by the wheel and thrown forward. The nurse girl, re coiling with a shriek, tripped and sat down upon the roadway. By a happy wonder neither child or nurse received a hurb worth mentioning, but for 'the moment my heart was in my mouth, and by tbe time that Pole and I bad torn down stairs together, got the hall door open, and discovered the pair to be un damaged I was sick and faint. I carried the little creature, who was not at all alarmed by her tumble, into the drawing-room, and there was Mary in an armchair in a state, of perfect collapse. She had fainted clean away. There was a mighty hubbub for a moment, but we all calmed down and in half an hour's time Mary herself, with a'rather white face and tremulous manner, apologised for her weakness. She had Imagined that both the girl and the child had been run over. Delamere was very gorgeous to behold and listen to as he expatiated upon thi3 incident, and turning to Pole with hi* courtly and condescending grace he said, "You must have pity on the weaker vessel." An hour later when Mary had quit * recovered and Pole and I were alone to gether, he delivered his mind of the thoughts which this utterances awoke in him. " Jack, you heard Delamere speak just now about the weaker vessel ?" X remarked that I had noticed the phrase, and that X had had some fancies about it. " It set me thinking," said Pole. " The weaker vessel I In all things worth while to he Btrong in, much the stronger vessel, to my mind. How dares that hollow sham to condescend to a creature so infinitely his superior ? Did she Btoop to touch money dishonorably borrowed ? And what did I do? Is it any vanity to say to you who know her as well almost as I do that she loves me? Is it vanity to suppose that she felt the separation as bitterly aB I did ? I know she did, Jack. I know the shame of being public talk in such a business made that sensitive heart bleed many and many a time. And whilst I was away in Paris gambling,, and racketing, and hating my kind, and eating the husks the swine do eat, Bhe was tending her sick and her door, and strengthening her soul with holy thought and pious living. Jack, my lad, they're better than we are. They're purer and stronger, and more patient to endure." He waB not talkative for a long time after this outburst, but several times in the course of tbe afternoon I heard him muttering to himHelf, " The Weaker Vessel!" In a tone of wrathful incredulity. In the old taleB the hero and the heroine always married and lived happily ever afterwards, and '.this strange episode in my own career shall end as so many other stories have ended—to the sound of wedding hells. Their happy riot has long since stink into silence; but I know that so far peace and honored usefulness and deep content follow their muBlc. The wedding was a very quiet affair indeed, as it was long since arranged it should be. There were not more than half a dozen people present at It aa spectators. Dela mere gave away the bride, and Sebastian was there in his character of friend of the family. Sebastian, by the way, brought the only strange lady present. He had so far relented from his theory of beauty and utility as to sacrifice himself at the shrine of a conspicuously plain and outrageously dollared young woman who came from Oleo ville, Pa, She was related to the Dodges there, and as everybody knows, the Dodges are financially big fish even among the biggest. I was particularly pleased to get a visit from Mcllray on the very morning of the wedding, as I was in the act of dressing for the ceremony. I saw him In my dressing-room for an Instant, and he was pleasantly excited by the news I had to give him. " Ah'm glad," Bald Mcllray, " that the good lad is going to be happy. Til tell ye ! Ef I may be permitted, I'll just get away to the church, and have a look at the ceremony from the gallery." He made his way thither, and when the wedding was over and the handshakings and congratulations were all over likewise, and the wedded pair had driven away, I found him waiting at the church door for me. There was no wedding breakfast, for jPole had too active a horror of the possi bilities of Delamere's eloquence on such an occasion to endure more than the bare prospect of it. I know this to have been the working factor in his mind, and In all seriousness I am not disposed to be sur prised at his decision. I should have been.glad to meet Mcllray at any time, for I had learned to have a genuine regard for him, 2?at with Pole and Mary gone I felt lonely sad a little dispirited* and he came doubly welcome. We sat and talked about the chase in Iteris, and I fold him something of what had happened since. Then the conversation | languished for a time, until, Jiia old tm conaciouB watch-cry broke the silence. It sounded to me In an odd way as if there were a philosophy in it, as it even reconciled discrepancies and expressed a sort of wisdom of generality In little, " Ay, ay, Denham," said Mcllray, "Ay, ay, lad 1 Ay, ay !" The End. 