Correspondence. I [AU communications must hs a c com in :i i od hy the full name ami aihlross of tho writer, not necessarily for pnbli patio ii, hut as :i ijuiirantiv of ijaort faith. Whilst always willing to ope« our columns for tho Lenefît of our corrompo ml »nts, we tío not bimi our- selves to endorse their cpi liions. J THE POLITICAL SITUATION. j (To tlie Editor of the CAIBXS TOST.) Sir.,-Permit me a little space in your widely circulated paper (thc POST; for the following observations on political parties and the political situation, as we are on the ere of a general election. 1 wi!! begin by saying that no more opportune time can ever come than the jireseut to test the voters of the North on the much agitated question of Separation. The Separationists sa j- they are in possession of 10.000 signa- tures of 10,000 voters of the North, out of a total voting power of 12,000 votes in the North. The ante- Separationists have openly declared that these signatures were obtained hy means that were dark. In fact, the ante Separationists say that 70 per cont, of these signatures are either forgeries or the names of the same persons over and over a dozen times. This is a very serious charge to make against hon. members of the Legisla- tive Assembly of a yoting colony like Queensland, it is calcula'ed to frivo out- siders a real cause to look suspicious ou us as a. youu-r self-governing community. They ?will say i£ such a conspiracy can be carried against the will of an overwhelming majority of people opposed to Separation, even by the most carefully and cunningly planned organisation for lyiag-if such things can be done in the green tree, what may they not do in the dry ? Noir, it is a matter of honour on the part of the Northern members to disprove the widely circulated statements of the ante Separationists. Our Northern members i:; a few weeks will have an opportunity to fling back the base slander in the teeth of their political calumniators. If they decline to vindicate their honour in this matter at thc general election, they shall have to pocket the charge made against them, namely, of being conspirators against the best interests of the colony and against the people who entrusted with their vote an organised band of political gamesters, whose lirst object iras to seize upon the best lands on our rivers in unlimited areas, so that they might sell to the moneyed rings in the Old Country or thc colonies at a large profit. This they cannot do as things are now-hence they spared neither time, money, nor honour to preach their nefarious propaganda, Separa- tion. If they got Separation they would pass in the first Parliament of the new colony an Indian Coolie Immigration Act to enable the land monopolists to sell the peoples's land to the uionay rings. Until they can secure cheap coloured Jabour for the capitalist he will not deal with them. Tins is the secret of this Separation con- spiracy. Air. Kingsford is a Separationist every inch of him, but somehow he doesn't care to nail the Separation Hag to his mast. He says he is a Soparationist, but just now at the general election he is not necessarily a Soparationist. 1 wish someone would explain what Mr. Kingsford means by-not neces- sarily so. It is fashionable now-a-days to give the tip on all matters of competition, therefore I wi'l give your readers a tip. It is this. Not a single one of our Northern Separa- tionist members has the ghost of a chance of being returned again, not even thc friend of Cairns-Towusville's great gun. At the last general election Mr. Macrossan, it will be remembered, had only seven votes majority in what is now the Townsville electorate proper, notwithstanding the fact that there were free trains running from Charters Towers to Townsville for those ouly who were going to vote for Mr. Mac- rossan. Mr. Rutledge has a poor show on the Towers ; they are tired of being repre- sented by outsiders. As for Lissner, the town hellman could beat him. I have a letter before me from a very influential gentleman in Townsville. He says the people of Townsville have at last been able to see their true and inevitable position. They see that Cairns has beaten them in the struggle for first place. My fiieiid says Townsville must be content with second honours, if she can keep that place froni Bowen. "Ileadds-"Threethings have conduced to bring this state of things alxmt -First, (he action of the present Govern- ment in making Cairns the sea starting point of the Gulf Hr.ilv.-ay ; second, the Bowen Railway junctiouing on tho Towers line at the 37-Mile peg from Townsville, instead of at the 10-Mile peg from Towns- ville. J gain, those of us who aro honest enough to give words to our convictions will not hesitate to say that this state of things has been brought, about by Macrossan's personal hatred of Griffith. Too late we see that Mac is no match for that astute poli- tician." Now, I see that Mr. F. T.."Wimble is a candidate for Cairns at the general elec- tion. I have never seen Mr. "Wimble; I only know him through the press. But this much 1 know, that no journalist has worked harder or rendered better service to his own lorailitv Minn Mr. Wfiml.li« lins. Pardon this intrusion on yóur valuable snave. yours, ¿KC, INEMO. Beard's Camp, March 1G. 