. COLONEL QUARITCH. Y.C.: A TALE OF COUNTRY LIFE. Br H. BIDER HAGGARD. Author of "Euro Solomon's Kinm," " Alls Quatbiimain," " Jhbs," "SnK," Ac., Ac. Now Fihst Pudlisukd. | All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XXXVTI. — Sister Agnes. Ten days had passed. The tragedy of which tho foregoing is a record had echoed through all the land. Numberless articles nnd para graphs had been written in numberless papers, and numberless theories lintl been built upon them. But the echoes were already commen cing to die away. Both actors in the dim ovent were dead, aud thero was no pending trial to keen tho nublic interest alive. The two bodies, still linked in that fierce dying grip, had been pinked up upon a mud- bank. An inquest bad been held ut which an open verdict was returned, aud they had been buried. Other tragedies had occurred, the papers were filled with tho reports of a noted and remarkably full-flavored dtvoreo case, -and tbe affair of the country lawyer who committed bigamy and togtber with his lawful wife came to a tragic aud mysterious end began to be for gotten. Iu Boisingham and its neighborhood much sympathy was shown with Belle, whom people still called Mrs. Quest, though she had no title to that name ; hut she received it coldly and kept herself secluded. As soon as her supposed husband's death was beyond a doubt, Belle bad opened; his safe (for he had loft liis keys on his dressing table), a)nd found therein bis will and other papers, in cluding tho mortgage deeds, to which, as Mr. Quest's memorandum advised her, she had no claim. Nor, indeed, had ber right to them been good in law would she have retained them, seeing that they were a price wrung from her late lover under threat of an action that could not be brought. So she made thom into a parcel and Bent them to Edward Cossey, together with a formal note of explanation, greatly wondering in her heart what courso lie would take with referenco to them. Site was not left long iu doubt, Tho receipt of tho deeds was acknowledged, and three days afterwards she heard that a notice calling iu tho borrowed money had been Berved upon Mr. do la Molle on behalf of Edward Cossey. So ho had evidently made tip his mind not to forego this new advantage which chance threw in bis way. Pressure and pressure alone could enable liim to at tain his onds and ho was applying it unmer cifully. Veil, she wns dono with him now. it did not mat matter to her ; but she could not help faintly wondering at the extraordinary tenacity and hardness of purpose which his action showed, Tnen she turned her mind to tbo consideration of another matter, in connec tion with which her plans were approaching maturity. It was somo days after this, exactly a fort night from tho data of Mr. Quast's death, that Edward Cossoy was sitting one afternoon brooding over the fire in his rooms. He had much business awaiting his attontion in Lou don, but ho would not go to London. Ho could not tear himself awav from Boisinghum, and suoh of the matters as could not be attended to there wore left without attention. Ho was still as determined as ever to marry Ida — more deter mined, if possible ; for from constant brooding on tho matter he had arrived at a condition npproaching monomania. He had been qniek to see the advantage resulting to liim from Mr. Quest's tragic deatbiand tho returu of the deeds, and though ho knew that Ida wor.ld hate him the more for doing it, ho instructed his lawyers to call in the ruonoy aud make use of cvory possibio legal tucans to harass aud put prossuru upon Mr. da 1 u Molle. At the same time he had written privately to tho Squire, calling liis attention to the fact that matters wore now once more ns thoy had boon at tho beginning, but that he was, as before, willing to carry out tho arrange ments wbiclr ho had already spocfied, provided that Ida could be persuaded to consent to marry him. To this Mr. do la Molle, uotwith- standing his grief and irritation at tho course his would-ba son-in-law had taken about tiro mortgages on the death of Mr. Quest, and the suspicion that he now had as to the original cause of their transfer to tho lawyer, had answered courteously enough, saying what he had said beforo, that he could not force his daughter into a marriage with htm, but that if alia choso to agree to it he should offer no objection. And there the matter stood. Once or twice he had meet Ida walking or driving. She had bowed to him coldly, and that was ail. Indeed he had only ono crumb of comfort in his daily bread of disappointment, and that hope deferred which, where a lady is concerned, makes the heart more than normally sicx, and that was, he knew his bated rival, Colonel Quaritcli, had been forbidden tho castle, and that intercourse between him and Ida was prac tically at an end. But he was a dogged and persevering man, and he knew the power of money and the shifts to which people can he driven who are made desperate by tho want of it. He knew, too, that it is no unusual thing for women who are attached to one man to sell themselves to another of their own free will, reulising that love may pass, hut wealth (if tho settlements are properly drawn) does not. Therefore, he still hoped that with so many circumstances bringing an ever- increasing pressure upon her, Lla's spirit would in time be broken, her resistance would collapse, and he would have his will. Nor, as the sequel will show, was that hope a baseless ono. limit to it. It broke out in all sorts of wave, and was for miles round a matter of public noto riety and gossip. Over the mantelpiece in his sitting- room was a fresh example of it.v.He had by one means and another obtained several photographs of Ida, notably ono of her in a court dross whioh she had worn two or three years before, when her brother James had insisted upon hor being presented. Theso photographs he had caused to bo en larged, and had then commissioned a well-known artist to paint from tham a full-length life-sized portrait of Ida in her court dress, nt tho cost of £600. This ordor had been executed, and the portrait which, although, as might bo expected, the coloring was not entirely satisfactory, was still an effective likenoss and a fine piece of work, now hung iu a splendid frame ovor his mautelpieco. There, ou tbo afternoon in question, he was sitting before the fire, his eyes fixed upon tho portrait, of which the outline wub beginning to prow dim in the waning Decomber light, when the servant girl camo in and announced that a lady wanted to speak to him. He asked what her name waB, aud the girl said that she did not know, because she had her veil down, and was wrapped np in a big cloak. In due courso the lady was shown up. He had relapsed into his reverie, for nothing seemed to interest him much now unless it had to do with, Ida — andibe know that tbo |lady was not Ida, bccauso the girl said that she was short. As it happened, he was sitting with his right ear, in which ho was stone deaf, to the door, so that between his infirmity and his dreams he never heard Belle— for it was she— enter the room. For a minute or more she stood looking at him as be sat with his eyes fixod upon the picture, and sb she looked an expression of pity stole across her sweet pale face. " I wonder what curse there Is laid upon us that we shonld be always doomed to seek for what we cannot find," she said aloud. He heard hor now, and looking up saw her standing in the glow and flicker of tbo fire light, which played upon her white face and black-draped form. He started violently, and as he did so she loosed the heavy cloak and hood that she wore and it fell behind her. But where was the lovely rounded form, and where tho clustering, golden curls ? Gone — and in their place a coarse robe of blue serge, oq whiqh hung n crncifix and the white hood of the nun. He sprang from his chair with an exclama tion, not knowing if he dreamed or if he really saw tho woman who stood thero like a ghost in the firelight. "Forgive me, Edwarn, ' she said presently, in her sweet, low voice. "I daresay that this all looks theatrical enough — but I have put on this dress for two reasons : firstly, because I have to leave this town in an hour's time, and wish to do so unknown ; and secondly, to show you that you need not fear that I have come to be importunate. Will you light tho candles ?" He did so mechanically, and thou pulled down tho blinds. Meanwhile Belle had seated her self near the table, hor face buried iu her hnnds. " What is the meaning of all this, Belle ?" he said. Sister Agnes,' yon must call me now," she said, taking her hands from her face. "Tho moaning of it is that I have left the world and entered a aistorhood, which works araoug the poor in London, and that I have como to bid you farewell, a last farewell." He stared|at her in amazement. He did not find it easy to connect the idea of this beautiful, passionate, human, loving creature with the cold sanctuary of a sisterhood. Ho did not know that it is natures liko this, whose very greatness and intensity is often the cause of their destruction, when they como in adverse contact with laws which aro fitted to to tho average of their race, that aro most capablo of tbeso strange devoiopracuts. The man or woman who can reallj love aud endure— and thoy are rare— cau also)|nhen their passion has utterly broken them, turn tlicpi to climb the stony paths 'that (lead to love's antipodes. (To he Continued.)!! 