VICTORIA PLAINS. e, (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) ,."?-'--- l ;' « ' April 19. Our annual races took place last Thursday. The racing was fairly good, but the attendance of spectators was much smaller than usual. For the Maiden Plate three started, Messrs. Clune & Co.'s bay mare, Lady West, winning a most exciting race by a neck from Mrs. W. T. Kings chestnut gelding, Crown. Mr. Atkinson's Sapling last. Time 2min. 27 secs. Lady West was scratched for the V.P. Stakes, and Larrikin, 7st. 10lb., won all the way, lyndhurst, fist, fib)., second, Stolen Moments never making show. Time 4min. 50sec. The next on the card was the "Two " Year Old Stakes. But no entries had been received for it, so there was no race. The Ladies Purse followed, but the presence of Mr. H. J. Leeder's bay filly Hinemoa took all interest out of the race, as everyone knew that none of the other had the ghost of a chance with her. The two best of them had already run a severe rape each, while King moa started fresh, and won easily from Lady West by six lengths, Lyndhurst about the same distance from Lady West. Mr. Atkin- son's brown horse Emperor nowhere. Time 3min. 2sec. The Pony race followed, with four starters, and both heats were won easily by Messrs. Clune & Co.'s famous bay pony Rory, well ridden by Master Tommy Clune, who is certainly the smallest jockey I have seen on a racecourse. Next (came the Ladies' Bracelet, with four starters, namely 2 Mrs. H. J. Leeder's na. b.f. Hinemoa, Mrs- W- T King's ns. ch g. Crown, Miss M. A. Clune's ns. b.g. Larrikin, and Miss Purser's 5s. bran. Stolen Moments, They finished in the order named, in 1min. 37sec. \- A final flutter, won by Mr. W. J". King's blk.m. Sleeping Beauty, entered and ridden by Master J. J. Clune, closed the programme. >> During the intervals between the races, a tree puller was exhibited by Messrs. Best & Kingston, of Toodyay, and two white gum trees of nearly three feet in diameter were pulled down. Two of the machines were ifrooghD from. '.¡.'oqdyaYj and both wore franchised on the ground- one by Messrs. EJ. ]). Clarke and T. Betts, and the other by Messrs. J and S. Sheridan. 'Orders were given by several of the same description, and I have no doubt that they will soon become quite common, and 2 and work a revolution in grubbing as practiced formerly, A steady rain set in this- morning, and has kept on nearly all day, and promises to continue. 