Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. The rolling joke gathers lots of moss. "Hamlet" is a play for all time. It will never giv up the ghost. It is a smart man who knows his own picture when it ih published in a newspaper. If crying babies had any sense they would never tak« their mothers to a matinee. Tangle: ""What was left in your uncle's wilh Cum io .'" Cmu.su (ruefully): " I ■was." " "WJiat are pauses.'" asked the teacher of a prinvivy class. "Things that grow on cats," piped the small boy at tlic foot. Citizen (aircles.->ly): " Oh, by the way, doctor, wli.it do you prive in the case of v cold ou the lungs V Doctor: "Advice." Minnie : " Papa, what is Volapuk I" Pupa: " Why, it's the universal !;iii<rii:igc." t Miuuie: "But who speaks it.1" Pupa: '•Nobody." A scioutist says a ■wasp may be picked up if it is dono f|tiielly. Yes; it N when the wasp is laid down again that the noise begius. Wife : " Women are often criticised for wearing loud colours. What would you cull a loud colour.'" Hus band : •'Yeller, I supp jso." " And have you mvor fought a duel, doctor ?" " Me .' Never! Why should I fight a duel.' What, emotion could I dciive from killing a wan .'" "My son, why is it that you are always behindhand with your studies.'" "Because if I were not behind hand with them I could not pursue them." When a young lady offers to hem a cambric hand kerchief for a nrh young bachelor acquaintance you cm set it down that she menus to sew in order that shu may reap. Magistrate: "80 yo.i admit having been engaged in mnlcing counterfeit money '." Prisoner: "Yes, your Honour; you see the supply of the genuine article is so very very short." Bret Eartc may not be a great poet, but he sremsto be the only maker of verses who can couple " harmony" and " cliimney" in rhyme and draw big piy for it, say* a BO3IOU critic. The champion meanest man is the husband who placed hii pocket-book in v mouse-trap so that his wife could not get at it in the early morning without liberating a mouse. " I wish I knew what to preach about next Sunday," snid Her. My. Smoothtext. " Preach against the evils of riches," smgacted the elder; "there isn't a man in our church worth over SOOQO." "A genteel carver," *ays a book on eti'juette, " always sits when he ciryes." Carvers who get on the table and have a wrestling match with the chicken arc known by some other name. The Supreme Court of the United States ha? formally decided that bogus butter is unlawful in Pennsylvania. This decision nukes it possible for a self-respecting cow to look into a churn without blushing. Woman (to tramp who has eaten a whole rainoe pie}: " You seem to have a good appetite." Trump (with tears in his eyes): " Yes, madam, that is all that I haw left in the world which I can lightly call my own." Minister: " Well, Bobby, I suppose yon got prizes at school sometimes I" Bobby: "Never got any yet. sir." Minisler: "Why, how is that."* Bobby with nn injured air): " It's because some other boy gcti 'cm." "Ten dollars," said tho magistrate. "I have no money," protested tho prisoner. " Ten days," said thn magistrate. Prisoner (itruck by a happy thought): " I haven't gol time, your Honour." But he found lie had. Bweet Hoy Visitor: " Whore arc the cat and the dojr, Mrs. Blanck .'" '•'We haven't any, my dear.'" "That's funny ." " Why is it funny, pet 1" " 'Cau«e ntimint pt'id you and Mi. Blnnck lived a perfect cat and dog life." An infant was ei-ying fretfully in its mother's arm 9 in a street-ray the other day, when she turned to a man at her side with the request of: "Wud you plaze to look cross at liira, t-or; he'll think it's his father and kape shtill." Stranger to Indiana farmer): " It's a great pity that the crops through this section have been so badly damaged by rain." Indiana farmer (taking a sun bath}: " Wall, ya'as, mister, but it saves a durned sight o' work liarvcitin'." This is from n recent issue of the Tombstone W«i-lUr: " If Nola Twfgg, tho *erviiit girl in Portland, Or., why recently fell heir to will call at this onice, slip will hear of something greatly to her advantage. We nre a bachelor." Mis. Lenox Hill, Jr.: "Er—doesn't it wemtoyou, Henry, as if there wns s'ininhing I had forgotten in making this pound ctike I" Mr. Lenox Hill, Jr. 'criti c-illy): " Well, yes; if it only had a handle, you know, it wuuld be easier to pound with." " And to make a long story short, Bishop, the train came to a standstill in tho very nick of lime, and my dear Aunt Jane was saved—actually saved. Now wasn't tliat a mercy, Bishop ?" " Well, Mrs. Borcham—you see—l—a —I—don't know your aunt." Miss Foote (Chicago): "Are you an admirer of Browning, Mr. M'Quillen!" M'Quillen: "lain fond of all poetry, but I can't say that Browning is my ospecial favotirito." Miss Foote: "Oh, I think he is toa perfectly delightful for anything, bo hard to catch, ou to, you know." "My friend," he said ti a young man who bore *igns of dissipation, " do you realise that the road you are following leads eventually to death 7" " Er—well, yes, sir." " Ay, it leads eventually to death ! And do you know where the road of sobriety and virtuo leads to V* " Yes, sir; that leads eventually to death, also." He: "I am going to make a present of a dozen tea spoons for your birthday. Which do you prefer, silver or gold 1" She is silent. He: " Well, •which do you want '■" Phe is still silent. Ho: " Why don't you speak up ! I ask you which do you prefer, silver or gold!" She: " Don't you know that speech is silver and silence is gold." A military officer once engaged a car in Cork, and at tho end of the trip paid the driver sixpence. Now slx peuoe was the exact amount due, but more generous customers were in the habit of paying a shilling for the tame distance. "Bad luck to the Zulu*!" muttered Pat, ruefully looking at the same coin in his palm. Tho Zulu irar was in progress, or had just ended, and the officer turned round sternly. " What is that you my!" " Bad luck to the Zulus, sorr'." " Why do you »ar it"' "Faith, ycr H-- or, because they've killed all the •billing officer.'*, and left none but the sixrennv ones." 