THE DUCHESS THE RIGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED. CHAPTER XV. By the author of “Phyllis,” “Molly Pawn,” “Mrs Geoffrey,” “Lady Branksmere,” &c.; Sitting near her is an old lady whom Norah had not until now seen—a stout old lady with the orthodox corkscrew ringlets and a large, fat, most benevolent face. She seems, indeed, Beaming with good nature, ami as the Duchess druwß near, rises, and laying both her hands on her shoulders, hisses her warmly. “ So this is the little niece,” she gays. “ A veritable and a very charming breath from tile old days. You are like your mother, my dear—a little, and she was a lovely "'Oman; hut your eyes, your mouth . Ah'. iiiy dear,” turning to Madam, “have you noticed it? She is so very like your husband.” “Yes, I see it,” says Madam in a low con strained tone. Even now, after all these years that have passed, that one unapproach able grief doss not hear talking about. “ 1 suppose your father, Kiel Delaney—l suppose lie never told you about me,” says the old lady, still holding Noruh’s hand very kindly, and smiling at her as though pleased hy what she sees. “ It is years ago of course. One may well be forgotten. He did not speak to you of Mrs O'Shaughuessy.” “Oh, yes! Yes, indeed!” says the Duchess eagerly. “ Often, 1 think” with an adorable blush and a soft shy movement of her eyelids—“he used to call you Bessie.” “ And so he did,” eays Mrs O’Shaughuessy, plainly enchanted by this touch.' “And so he still remembers me! That’s nice now amongst old friends, and you must tell him from me—'when' writing, rniud-—” witli a soft squeeze of her hand, “ that I remember him too, as well aB wheo - $ was Bessie M'Qillicuddy. God bless you, my dear; you are a very sweet child. And now sit here by me for a minute or two. I’d have called on you long ago; but I’m only just back from Italy—yesterday, indeed— and—” At this instant somebody from behind lays his hands over Mrs O’Shaughuessy’s eyes and surprises her into silence. The same somebody still further adds to his offence by bestowing a hearty salute upon her plump cheek. “Now, Denis! And that’syourself, of course. Not another one would have the audacity. Worse luck!” cried Mrs O’Shaughnessy, gaily disengaging herself. “ Pity it is, the Colonel isn’t here to see. Well, and even if I were 20 years younger, I daresay I wouldn’t say no to that kiss, even though I might pretend to. Come, tell me every thing; it seems like years since I saw one of you. When is the wedding to be, eh ? I’m young enough to dance yet, I can tell you. I’m not betraying secrets, eh ?” smiling at Norah. “ You know of course of this cousin’s,” laying her hand on Denis’ arm, “ engagement ?” “Yes, I know, says Norah, steadily, who has grown very white. Delauey has turned away to the window, and is apparently lost in coutemplatiou of the exquisite view out side. What dreadful things is this kindly old lady going to say next, who would have bitten out her tongue rather than say any thing—had she only known. “ We’re getting quite impatient fora wed ding, I must tell you,” she rattles on merrily. “ We haven’t had so much as a ghost of one in the parish for the last two years. You should come to the rescue, Denis. Come, now, when is it to be?” “Is it a time for talking of marrying and giving in marriage,” replies he, facing round again, and speaking with really a marvellous nonchalance, “ witli wars and rumors of wars afloat? Why, the very air is thick with the odor of rebellion. Never has Kerry been iu such a disaffected state.” “ Kerry? Say Ireland, and be done with it,” says Mrs O’Shaughnessy. “Well, whose fault is it?” says the Duchess suddenly, a little fierily waking into life. “ Who cares for Ireland whether she swims—orsiuks? Not England. She is a worry, a nuisance; no more. If, honorably, she could be got rid of there wouldn’t be a second’s delay about the disposing of her. She is an incubus—a thing at which to shrug the shoulder. But has she been ever shown fair play? You know,” luoking at Denis, “ I have always said that poor Ireland has been slighted—kept at a distance, as it were, whilst the rest of Great Britain, Scot land notably, lias been petted ad naii-ieam. And yet I am sure a little, a very little love, would have made her loyal to the back bone.” “There’s a rebel for you !” says Delaney, laughing, glad to an absurd degree in that anything has led her to spontaneously ad dress him again. “Faith, there’s a deal of sense, though, in what she says,” declares Mrs O’Shaugh nessy, shaking her ringlets vigorously, “ A rare good smattering of reason. Only' the day’s too hot to follow it up. Let us come out and see what our friends in the open air are doing.” 