'Warnings and Omens. Breaking; a looking-glass is considered by many pecple'as a fearful calamity. 'No luck for seven years,' says the s iperptltioue. lj\ j their benefit, Jet ^ne .tell them that the writer of th's broke a lookirg-glaas on tie morniDg she sailed for Europe, and she ex perienced no trouble during her trip,, re turned in. gocd health, and foucd all her friends enjoying the. same. , Warnings, are yery curious aid inexpli cable. Everyone remembers the mysterious call of Rochester to Jane Eyre, in Charlotte Bronte's novel. I can tell of a circumstance of wbich I positively know, equally as strange. A plain, practical, matter-of fact womait wi*h not the slightest leaning to wards ocultJam xn any form, was canning frnit in her kitchen, one day. Suddenly she heard the tpice of her s.ilor son calling her, 4i Mother,, mother, mother.' So near it seemed tbat her first thought was that her son bad unexpectedly returned, and leaving her work, Bbe ran into the sitting-room, cry ing out that Harry bad come, and conld not bnt believe bnt ttat Tip t was there bidden, Bomewhere ready to spring out at ber. It was afterwards found tbat at this time her ?on was lying dangerously ill with typhus fever in Japan. He lived to come home and hear this strange story, and to wonder if in his delirium he had * called' upon his mother, -and over thousands cf miles of sea and land, .through some mystei icusand cccnlt channels .ins cry bad cpme. to kis molherV ears. 1 1 know of another occurence hs Jncomprehen sible as the last. ' A ycucg man cf my ac quaintance went several miles from borne to have a dangerous surgical operation per formed. H e mother accompanied him, but his father remvined at borne. Iu the parlor of the house there stor.dona table an old worn out music-box, broken and run down. For y- are it 1 ad not played a tune, and was regardtd as utt- rly v orthkss. One morning what was the fathtrs astonishment to hear this music-box suddenly tegin playiDg. No ha: d had touched it, and the dust lay thick upon it. Tbe next day newB was brought to the father of his sod'j death. He died at the hour the music-b x . began playiug ! One more imtsnce for whictf I can vouch. A party of gay young men were nuking a i igb.t of it at a well-known hotel in an East ern city. TUey bai drank deep, and one of tbcm at length rca'ised that he ought to go h m So he spoke to his brother-in-law, at at whose bouse he was living, told him he was going, and said be had better come w.'th him. But his 'brother-in-law shook bimtff, sa d he knew when to step, and eo fhe yourg man set out by himself, went home and to bed. He bad slept but a short time when he te&rd; bis brother-in-law call him twice in a sharp tone. He sprang from biB bed and iau down to open the front door for I im, thinking l e vrrs too fuddltd t - use'his latch key. What w as his surprise to Gad no one there. So sure was he that he had heard 1 is relative, call tbat he was troubled about it, and on returning to his room be struck a match, and. -looked at his watch. It was l_io. . His brotber-rin-Iaw did not come that night, or the next day, or tLe next. Search was made for him everywhere. He was known to have left the .hotel at a certain hour. His wife .was frantic, and the police were baffled. Ten days after his disappearance he was foend'at the 'bottom of the canal n &r; the city. When his watch was taken from his pocket and opened — the hands pointed to. A.4&. These are cot fictions gleaned from ghost atorieE—tbey are positive facts within my knowledge. I give tbem for thtir value. Satlcrs are. proverbially soperst/ti'-ir?. Every one has heard of tne Euperst'uionB concerning sharks following ships — that is ihat there will soon be .a death on. board, but au old sailor assures me that this is more of a supe-stiticn on' land tl.au with those that follow the Bea, 'Not eo, bowcv.r, with the killing of tteriormy petrel (Moth er Ciruey's chickens) ' O-d' srilors believe that the albatross contains the spirit of de parted s a captains and the p sire 1 the sou's oi tbe.old salto# therefore there birds are Ticid sacred by sailoiw the world ever. This eape^sailpr feiend tells, me of. three very loony' exatnplea of supecstition tbat occurred on a voyage he made from Colombo, Ceylon, to London. 44 We had had a fine slant of wind which took u» from Colombo to the , Mauritius, aod were bowling along toward the Cape with stoneails alow and aloft. I was at the whe-1 in, the first watch, when we lwere struck by a white squall. AU hands were called to shorten, sail, but we were thrown on onr beam-epd?, and toy there ten hours, with onr yard aims in the water, the decks bsmg swept and the front of the cabin being knocke^ Jn by the waves. The ship finally righted^ and the skipper going his rounds discovered, nailed up over tbe J-onk Of the eeccnd mate, a pair, of Cape pigeon wings. He . immediately made the sir blue, aud had the wiogs thrown overrboard, ssying they were the cause of ojir .trouble. We had a blackest on board oj which the old man jwra very fond. One night as I was again on watch, jiha dead- caln\, {L he^i two of the moat nnearthly yel's coming from over the etern of ' the vevael. The m m at the wheel csUedput that the cat hal. jumped over board tn a fit. It had* evidently caught on to the rudder,' bnt was sCdn' drowned by thp swell- ... ' The next morning, to tease tie steward, I told him that the oat had: gone away on a broomstick tbe night, before and that we should nevu* get to tLondon. The poor fel lpw was.almost paralyzed with terror, and went straightway to ^ the captain. Toe totter came on deck and raked me over for not backlog' hp tfie'yards and picking np tlre.pafj Bxyiog that the loss vof . the animal vai more aga*nst tbe IbbTt of the ship' than the low -of a man wonld bs, anl with my knew very well we . should never reach London.' - 