A. woman oairying a ohild ft too d In tho garden path. Her badk was to the western light, whioh had nearly died ont of the windy sky. He saw that she was tall and slight, and that ehe trembled as sbe stood before bim. Her drew waa black, and the sleepy obild nestling in her arms wore a blaok book too. "Does Stephen Hatfield lire here?' she asked in a low unsteady voice. The tones thrilled him. To his ear they were wonderfully sweet. Where had he heard that voice before? 'Tee. I'm Stephen Hatfield." j " You—Stephen Hatfield." Then her voice broke. Bbe let the child slip ! gently from her armB to the ground and stretohed ont her Bhaking hands. " Oh. Stephen, Stephen, don't you know me ? I'm | Grace." His faoe blanched to sn awful whiteness He locked over her shoulder, away into the distance, as if he saw some one behind her. But there was no accusing figure at her back, no ghostly voioe came out of the gloom, requiring at his hands the blood of the man whose life he had virtually taken. His eyis wandered back to her, and he said in a hoarse whisper: "Grace, is it yon?" ".Yds, Stephen," she said, sobbing, "and I'm in sore trouble." His faoe hardened; he thonght he knew what ehe was g >ing to eay. She went on; "It's nigh upon three months since George left me." And then she broke into a wailing cry, almost like a shriek, and put her hands before her face. "And nuwhe'edead," said Stephen, scarcely knowing what he said. The words gave her a shock. She let her hands drop and gazed at his with wide, open, pania-etricken eyes. The child cluag to her garments, frightened by what she heard, and still more by the right of this strange, dark man. "Oh, no, no!" cried Mrs. Done. "Why should you eay he's deid ? Have you heard of him, then? Oh, no,he's not dead, Stephen! Tired of mo, perhaps," sbe said, sobbing, ' " and gone to seek his fortune—or ill in hos pital may be, and not ablo to write to me—but not dead, Stephen, nay, not dead !" He did not know what to do with a woman in suuh a passion of griof ; he took hold of her hands and gently drew her within his door. His one thonght was to sereon her bom the unkind notice of passers-by, hot once inside, more hospitable thoughts occurred to him. " You'd better come in and sit by the fire," he said, awkwardly. "Don't take on in that way, Grace. I thonght you meant me to understand that"George was dead. If it is as you say—why, no doubt, he'll be baok again before long." -He fumed his baok on her as ha spoke, and led the way into the kitchen. "You've not hoard of him then?" said Grace, commanding herself and following him nhAdijmtlo " tTn's not been here r" obediently. " He's not been here r "Ho," he answered in a low voioe; "he's not been here." He coold not tell her the truth. He would get some clergyman, some person in authority, to let her know that George was dead.' He shook all over at the thonght of telling her him self. Ho—not yet; in the morning, perhaps, or in a day or two " Bit down," he said, lighting a candle, and hurriedly stirring the dying embers of the fire. "You'll be tired if you have come from Wood ley to-day." She opened her great dark eyes with a look of pathetio surprise. "To-day?" ehe said. "It's three weeks mods I left Woodley. I walked most of tbe way. Look at mr sheas." They were worn nearly off her feet. Hatfield felt his heart contract with an unwonted pang of pity- Bo looked at the shoes, at the thread bare garments, at tbe thin, tuoken face, and did not eay a word. ' It was fine weather, most of the way," Grace went on, half absently, " else I oould never have done it. We got a lift in a cart now and then. I could not bear to wait any longer. George had never written, bnt he told me before he went amy that be was coming to yon. Did you see him?" There was a scarcely perceptible pause before Stephen answered, "Ho." mother died suddenly on the day after Christmas Day," she went on. "It took all tbe money I had to busy her. I waa staying with her. George had already sold our /urai turo and taken 'ho money with him, and I ex* peoted him baok ovexy day. The neighbours at Woodley began to say that he had deserted me, and I could not bear it any longer. I o me after him—to Bedford—to find you." " Why did you not write ?" he asked. "I don't know, I did not think of it." Tbo oolour ebbed out of her face as she spoko, leav ing cheeks and lips as white as snow. " You used to bo his friend," ahexnurmurei. "Have you forgotten us ?" 41 Ho, no. I have never forgotten you," bo slid, in a strange, confused way that surprised her. " Here, I haTO made florae tes. Polly would like some milk, perhaps ? ' "How did you kaow that hor name was Polly?" said Uraeo, looking at him with attention. " I heard it—didn't you call so hor just now '/* he said, afcjJl moro aod more troubled in manner, as ho refloated that ho had gained this piece of information from hor husband. Grace was too tiftd to dispute ibo m»ttcr. Sbo ate and drank at hi* bidding and saw the child'* hunger satiftied, and when tho meal was fiaished she mvta an attempt to rise. " I'm stire I thank you for your kindness, Stephen." she faid, timidly. "Perhaps you ceu tell mo of a lodo/ng-hougo whero wo can go for the night. It must bo & cheap one; I have very little mor»<y." " i'ou might ub wall slay h*re," said Hat* iioid without raining hifi cyoa, and with a curious aullbiinocu of demeanour. "Thoro'rj n room ujolafn if you i'fco {o ;rco it. xout&a; lookout for a lodging io*morrow." ao",?ot-« " fa your room—what' *iu ^ SSSj^^smwfiE Graoe acseptol his ofiierthanhfullv • «. was a slmplo-hearted, genUe-naturri S rr^/lU'w" ^nt' and " ^emed natoSTf ho should bo kind and helpful to hef^i S5SSK?hwine 00B6 totto J#*#! " I thought you were married, perhipi' ,*» that your wife would put me iu tho %^, getting a lodging." *7? ?" HorookeaherfuU in the face, and aMW speak for a moment. She quailed a ]ittf«£i52! the fire of those dark eyes,-and self of soma wtrd! that her mother had l,tM m tho early days of her marriage with nZf~ - Dene. Was it possible that this man.' SwSK Hatfield, had onoa wanted to marry herP^nv? felt a sensation of alarm at the thought i -i'/v But after a moment's space, the -light diss out from Hatfield's eyes, and ire lookfdAn!™ in his usual sombre, broodingfashion.' «k0 » he said, " I've never been married." ! "When ho opened the "door of the room™, stars, he Boomed to feel that Borne 6Tni...»;L of its disorder was required. TT " I've had nobody to' do for me lately: Tj,, place is like a pigsty, but maybe w-J manage with it to-night. Is there anvthWT oan get for ye f " The manner was rongh, bnt the kindliness of his meaning was unmistakable. " Ones thanked him and held ont her hand as she said good night. He did not seem to see it--lie turned his baok on her and went downstairs" She slept long and heavily . "When: the awoko and dtosaed iu tho morning, Stephen had already gone to his work. He had llg^tid the fire and left food ready for herself and tho ohild; ho himself had taken hia -dinner with him, and did not mean to be baok till evening. It was after 0 when he returned. As1 boot as he set foot within the. house he wasioim soious of a change in it. Grace'had . been busy. To make the plaoB clean and tidy wis her way of showing gratitude. The ktiohen fire was burning brightly in a oleah grate, the floors and tabloa had been scoured, and the cooking utensila cleaned. There was sutir of noatnes", almost of brightness, about the room which moved Haifield to wonder.' "What have you been doing?' he said, rather roughly. • ■ " Only tidying up a' bit," Graoe answered. "Ihope yon don't mind ?" ehe added meekly, ' Not a bit So what you like," he replied, bonding his brows. She looked at him inkfltiit wonderment, never suspecting that he:felt » great throb of anguish and shame at the nation - of her working for him—the man to whom her husband owed his death. After tea, Bhe began timidly to talk to him abont her position. She was possessed with the idea that George was somewhere in Bed ford, and that she would be able to find him if she looked carefully enough' In the mean time she thought that she oould eatnalivtli. hood by taking in plain sewing or going out daring—though this latter wort sis Hatfield knew, would have been considered fcr britesth her in Woodley. If she could finl a'-chtsp lodging fc-r herself and her child she" would not trouble Mr. Hatfield any longer.. : There wis a new humility in her voice that cut Btephen' ta the heart. r. H.»-. vx "It's no trouble to me," he said gruffly. .1 He was sitting by the fire as he spoke,-and just then something soft touohed his hand; He drew it away and looked down hastily.! Itwu Polly, wha had drawn a wooden stool to-hls - aide, and had tried to slip her little'fingers into his palm. She looked np at him1 smiling; end put her little pink hand on bis knee. After a moment's' hesita ion he laid his rough'fingers tenderly npon it and held it then.. The toooh sent a new BI naation through him- It seemed (o make the b'ood ruth more quickly through his veins, to break up the ice about his heart. It influenced his tone and look as he addresKd the child's mother. /■»■; • " You're no need to hurry yourself,"he said, take time.' And don't go making inquiries here and there and everywhere about Bene. I'll do that for you. I should be glad if-you would atop here a bit, and-pnt my.house straight. It seems to want a woman's bind. If - George Bone's anywhere hereabouts he'll find you, never fear. There's been some mis take, no donbt, and he's wondering wby you don't oome to him. - -y "Oh, if culy I could think so! ' said-the poor woman, her oyca tilling with tears.-'"You don't know what it iB t-> be pointed and jeered at as I have been in tho village—the wife whose husband got tired of her and left herin the lurch. He al u-aj s sosmed so proud and fond of mo. Bo you think it's pc ssible that he oould get tired bII at once and gooff withoutaword?"' " I don't think it's possible.1', said Hatfield in a low voice. Ah, no! "Whatman'would oaet away from him tb is sweot wife, this oooing, caressing little child? Aud he—he knew so well what 0 cargo Deno thought of these two, how muoh ha loved them, and ha dared not say a word to set the grieving woman's heartat rest. For. as it soon appeared, to him, the doubt as to Gcorgo's love was even, mora-pre sent to her mind than tho uncertainty abouthis life. •' Graoo wiped tho tears gently , away, ard est silent foe a littlo time with her hands folded in hor lap. Bhe was not given to noisy demon strations of any kind. .When shoifelt.cilia enough to speak she said gently : • "I'll accept vour offer thaukfully for a little llmo. Mr. Haifield. If l ean be of use to you, I shall bo only too glad We often'tilted about you—George and me. You don't know, maybe, how fr.nd he was of you." -: . '- v. " Bon't oall me Mr. Hatfield." saldSfephsu, rising suddenly. "Call mo Stephen,, as you used to do" Go bruko off fhe conversation oy g-ing out of doors, and nil that Graco.oqujc co \- w.n 'gratefully to K-.qin7-.--oo. ■ ■; "" ! Stic iclt'cd down in her r.eiv hcmo.-njftavrcnt abort It-jc duties in r. sad hut .(molly.uncom: t»l«inh<4~ mimaer wMo't yroatlr 1 Hatfiejd. He wandered at this frail wom®) Buffering from a heavier load of donbt and sorrow thanany tbathe hadhad to bear, never repining, never showing bitterness or snllenees. She,was braver than he had beon. His thoughts were filled with her night and day. As time went on, his remorse for the paBt, thongh Sresent, became so blended with his love lor er. that it lost , its hardness and painfulnesB. He even dreamed of a time when he might tell her that George was_ dead, and ask her to be his wife. He conld give her a peaoeful home, a snre, strong love; wonld she tofuao the gift? He dreamed thus ono night as he wa» walk ing home from his work, which, on this oooa eion, had been prolonged nntil 11 o'clook. His house was near the station, but two or throe not very respeotable little Btreets had to be traversed before be reaobed it, and it was in one of these streets that ho saw a eight whioh froze the blood within hiB veins. 1 Was It George Dene's ghost? There. was no snoh things as ghosts, he argned passionately,with himself. The parson at Woodley had always said so. His eyes had played him a. trick. His head was muddled with longhonrB oi work. Spirits from another .world; never oame hack nowadays to trouble their worst enemies. It oonld not be! And yet he was sure—as sure as of his own exiatenoe—that George Dene's face had looked at him oat'of the darkness of the unlighted street. " He had been absorbed in his own thoughts. He had heard no footfall on the pavement, had seen no figure coming towards him, and yet, without warning, the dead man's face, white, rigid, stern, had hoverel before his eyes. If he had.been able to move, it seemed to Stephen that he might have touched those pallid features withhis hand.. Menaoing, accusing, reproaoh fal, all at once, those eyes whioh, had once .been bo friendly sought hiB own; then for a moment everything grew dim to Hatfield's sight. When he recovered his calmness there was nothing to be seen., The vision had faded: away into the datknesB, and he w.ent unhindered on bis way. 'But from that time he was free no more. The fare haunted him How and then he saw it in a orowd; once in a railway carriage; several times a' his window before the blinds were:down at night.. It oame to him in his 'dreams:: the memory of it,' the fear of it, bannted him night and day.' The dead man wonld not let him rest. V He began to look wild and haggard, to oast strange looks over his shoulder, to matter to himself. ."Hatfield's going out of hisimind,": 'one of his companions whispered to another. '• He'e mighty queer." Even Grace, with all her placidity, wondered at and pitied him. She' was'never afraid of , htm, he was glad to 'gee'. He oould not have borne that. When he waialono ho nsed to . ery ; out upon George Dene's unquiet spirit to leave him in peaoe. What do you want, George?" he muttered with quivering lips. "How can I.atone for -what my .hand has done? It's too late—too , late; I oah do nothing for yon now." 