DIOCESE OF BALLABAT. (From our own Correspondent.) There was a Missa Cantata coram episcopo on Sunday last at the Cathe- dral, and the Bishop preached on the Gospel of the Day. Before the sermon his Lordship called attention to the public meeting which is to be held in the Alfred Hall on the 14th inst., to take steps to assist Mr. Parnell in his defence against the Times, and hoped they would all attend and give their sympathy and support to the movement. At Vespers there was a procession of the Children of Mary, each of the members wearing a black crape bow, in remembrance of their late lamented sister (Miss F. Flynn). There was a large candle draped in black and white crape burning on Our Lady's altar, and also at all the Masses during the day. The remains of the late Miss G. Flynn, a Child of Mary, were interred in the new cemetery on Sunday last. A large number, about 100, of the sisters of this sodality walked in procession, it being the first of any member of this society that ever took place in Ballarat, the sight was an impressive one. The members were attired in white, with their usual dress. They preceded the hearse, bearing beautiful wreaths and crosses of flowers. When they had arrived at the cemetery gates they walked in front of the hearse, singing the Litany of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in Latin. Six of the lady officers, who acted as pall-bearers, walked, three each side of the hearse, to the grave, bearing a cross. After the burial service was read by the Rev. Fr Kissane the Children of Mary sang ''Hail Queen of Heaven," and recited the De Pro- fundis in a very impressive manner. The new College of the Holy Ghost in Ballarat promises to become one of the most popular institutions in the country. It seems that applications for admission are being daily received by the presi- dent, Very Rev. Fr. Reffe. We under- tand that when the arrangements, superintended by Mr. Tappin, of the firm of Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy, Melbourne and Ballarat, have been completed the college will afford ample accommodation for 100 boys. 