FICTION. j From EnRlIih, American, and other Periodical*, The Usurped Inheritance. CHAPTER XXIX. THE MURDER BY THE POOI.. When Malone left the room, Mrs. Malone and Viola looked at each other, and with inexpressib le bitterness Mrs. M. said : " Robert adored me once. You see for yourself how little respect he has for my feelings now. /Op- pose him at your peril, Viola; but he has said enough to show you where you stand." Viola shivered, and covered her face with her hands ; and her companion thought it best to leave her to brood over Malone's words, and comprehend i that the iron hand was closing on her destiny which would mould it in spite of all the struggles she might make to evade its power. Malone stalked through the house with gloomy brow and muttering lips, threw on his hat, and, crossing the upper side of the lawn, plunged into the thick woodland which lay above old Mona's cabin. The ground arose gradually from here to the top of the hill, clothed all the way with pine trees, the fallen spines from which had made the turf over which they lay rather slippery to walk upon. But below them was a rocky pathway a few feet wide, from which a bird's eye view of the whole place was obtained. At the farthest end of this, the ground sloped downward to a deep dell, through which a spring flowed from the hillside in small cascades form- ing a pool in the deepest part over which hung the drooping foliage of an immense weeping willow. Trying to walk off the species of blind fury which had seized upon all his nature over the obstacles which had arisen in hiß path toward the accomplishment of the plans he had been maturing for years, Malone paced to and fro over the half mile which bounded the length of the path at a rate that would have exhausted his superfluous activity, had not an interruption occurred. For the third time he had reached the limit of the walk farthest from the house, and was looking d«wa into the gloomy dell, when a cry suddenly arose from it, and ho saw old Mona rushing up the ascent with as much haste as her strength permitted. Malone paused till she came up to him, wonder- ing what could have excited the old woman so much as to give wings to her aged feet. For, with the assistance of a cane she carried, Mona moved almost with the celerity of youth. Panting and bewildered, she came almost up to him before she was aware of his presence. Pausing abruptly, she turned her ashen-looking face upon him and said : " Ghosses come back. I's seed two dis day. One in de lnornin', an' t'other jes' now. Afore dis I have often 'tended dat I seed 'em, but dis one was real. He wanted to come nigh of me, but I ran away as fas' a3 I coald." "What aro you talking of, you demented old idiot ?" asked Malone, roughly, though his heart stood still, and a curious change came over his face, rendering it almost fearful in the bright light of day. Mona, frightened as she was before by the belief that she had spen something supernatural, was far more alarmed by the face that fronted her, and she whimpered! " It's bad 'nutt to see a real ghose tvidout bein' looked at dat way. I seed him, I tell you, an' I b'liebes he'd ha' spoke to me ef I hadn't run away." I " Who have you seen ?" asked Malone, putting powerful constraint upon himself to avoid flying at the frail old creature and shaking her violently. " I seed my owne Marse Tom ; dat's who I seed ; an' he's como here to haunt you ;" and the usual ring of defiance came into her voice when she saw that alarm was depicted in the face which towered so darkly above her. " Where did you see this ridiculous bogy that your own demented imagination has conjured up ?" he asked, with white lips. " I had gone down to de spring to get me a cool diink o' water, when he corned on me unbeknownst, an' he took de cup out'n my han' an held it under the water, wantin' to cotch some fur hisse'l, I s'pose, afore he said anything, for he looked like he was ready to drop down dead. " But, oh, Lor' he's done dead long 'nutt ago, as you knows, I b'liebes." Knowing noiv what he had to face, and bracing himself for the encounter, which, in his present mood, wns not likely to end well for his unfortu- nate cousin, Malone spoke in his most commanding tones to the old creature, who furtively watched him. " Go home, Mona, and stay in your cabin. You are not fit really to be at large, and I think, I shall in future have you kept in confinement in it. People who see ghosts drinking water must be very far gone indeed." " I nobber said I seed him a drinkin' ob it. I on'y said as he snatched de cup to catch it as it fell down de hill. "'! Of course ho wanted it to drink. Go away, old crone, you have been dreaming, for Tom Malone has been buried these twenty years, and I have no fear that he will come here at this time of day to exhibit himself as a ghostly presence. Go to your cabin, and if I hear of you out of it again to- day you and I will have a settlement." In spite of her free speech, Mona was really very much afraid of the black Malone, as she called him, and she turned away completely subdued, and went in the direction of her home, leaving him standing on the edge of the descent, peering into the shadows below, and screwing up his courage to the conflict to the death which he knew approached. His cousin had evaded the vigilance of the spy set upon his path, and actually reached his old home without being arrested in his course. So much .the worse for him, for in an encounter be- tween a strong athlete like himself and a man weakened by recent illness and long confinement to a monotonous and distastful life, there could be no doubt as to which must come off conqueror. Yes, it must come to that, for things had nar- rowed themselves down to such a point that no alternative was left him but to give or take life. One of the two must die, for he never faltered a moment in his purpose to maintain himself as the master of Undercliff, even at the expense of shed- ding his cousin's blood by his own hand. Z'".- ' He had a curious, antique dagger which he often carried about hi6 person, and with which he had more than once defended his own life in the wild scenes into which his extensive wanderings had led hia». He drew it out now, and glancing around to satisfy himself that no one was peering at him from the shelter of the trees, carefully examined it. The whole of it was made of steel finely tempe- red j the blade was sharpened at both edges ; and the handle was inlaid with gold in an arabesque pattern, exquisitely finished. He tried the point of it, and the gladiator's spirit was strong within him as he held the murderous weapon, declaring to himself that his hand had never yet failed him when he struck at his enemy, nor should it fail him now. With slow, cautious steps, he began the descent, watching keenly for any evidence of the vicinity of the man ho was firmly determined should never leave that gloomy dell to denounce him as a usurper, and strip him of the prestige of both wealth and honor. He had taken life more than once, and felt no remorse for the deed j but it was in open conflict with those who would have dealt doom to himself, and now it would be a contest with a feeble, unarmed invalid, almost incapable of defending himself. What did that matter to him ? This man who had ventured within his tiger grasp was his most deadly foe, and as such every advantage was to be taken of him. Ho should be dealt with speedily j his body thrown into the pool, which was deep enough to conceal it from all prying eyes. Indeed, it had been often asserted that its depths could not be sounded, and he would be safe from all suspicion. Malone remembered that this had been a favor- ita place of resort with his cousin ; that in his boy- hood he had planted the willow now grown into a gigantic tree ; and that the stone bench beneath it had also been erected by his orders. He had some fear that Tom might come out to meet him on the hillside, and thus render it possible that their encounter might be observed by some wan- derer about the place. But he did not come, and not a living creature was either in sight or hearing. So far all was safe enough for the consummation of the fell purpose with which he entered the ,i""ir,. ^-\,nA^."" ,"i,;"i, Í:II",I *v," ...ran """"" ;" dusky shadows which filled the narrow space in- closed between two lofty hills. The pool was about thirty feet in circumference, and the water looked sullen and dark enough, though it was led by the bright cascades which foamed and flashed over the rocky ledges that impeded their way to the level ground below¿ This Bpread.away in a narrow area covered with turf kept green and fresh by the spray which fell in tiny showers upon it, and it was hedged in by heavy undergrowth, shadowed by lofty pines grow- ing closely together. A more gloomy solitude could hardly have been found within half-a-mile of a dwelling house like Undercliff. Peering beneath the over-hanging branches of the willow whose long, pensile branches had grown down almost to the earth, Malone saw stretched on the stone bench, a limp-looking figure, with pallid face, and long, white beard, flowing over his panting breast, and with a groat bound athis heart, ho saw that his, enemy lay there at his mercy. The strength of the unfortunate man had evi- dently failed him, and he had sought this spot in which to rest and regain breath and self-possession before going on to carry consternation in the home from which he had been so long banished. With one bound his enemy was beside him, and before poor Tom could lift his hand or utter a word of remonstrance, the sharp weapon Malone held in his hand was struck, to its hilt in his breast. With a sort of manacial fury, it was drawn forth, and struck in again and again, while the assassin cried out, in tones of fearful rage : " Take that !-and that !-and that !-for daring to come hither to moleBt mo in my prosperity !" AB his voice died away he thought he heard some one approaching, and thrusting the dagger in its sheath, bloody as it was, the murderer left his victim and concealed himself in the underwood. The next moment Malcolm came down the declivity and peered around with a pale face. (To be continued.')' 