THEATRE ROYAL. ,' ' MR. BARNES, OF NEW YORK.' 1 The success of a popular novel in these latter days of good fortunate colonists is so great that a single work of any marked originality, particularly as to the plot, is sufficient to achieve a greater pecuniary result than a life's labour of authorship could command a century or so ago. Oliver Goldsmith's "Vicar of Wakefield " realised £40, a price the great Dr. Johnson considered satisfactory ; but an obscure Australian pressman in twelve mouths makes assaying fortune out of " The Mystery of a Hansom Cab,", the literary merit of which slflbore entitles it to compare with GoldMan a classic story than the light of a gunfight with the effulgence of the sun. The timber of readers has so rapidly multiplieoTthat if any work of a genius equal to the author of "Ivanhoe," , j'Vanity Fair,!rrs"David Copperfield," or "Middlemarch," were to appear in the Anglo- Saxon language to-morrow it would run through a series of editions with a rapidity that would eclipse all former records. , In the absence of any such literary boom, the mass of readers greedily devour, what can be obtained, and yield an excessive patronage to anything startling or new. Such was the success achieved by a sensational novel by Mr.. A. C. Gunter, to which the striking title of Mr. Raines of New York" was given with some considerable addition to the successful results of the publication. The story is a good one, full of incident, not too long, and fairly well written. Still it is not a novel that will live, and many a tale has been published in the Family]Hei aid of equal literary merit, though probably not so skilfully designed to arrest public attention. Those who had read it know that it was admirably adapted for dramatic representation, and the success it has met with elsewhere in its dramatic form drew together a large audience at the Theatre Royal last night to witness its production by the St. Maur Co. The vice-regal box was occupied by Sir Robert and Lady Hamilton, Admiral Fairfax, and a small party from Government House, and the rest of the house was very well filled, Entirely new scenery had been expressly painted for the play, and each of the four acts required was admirably executed, The third scene representing an hotel garden at Nice was warmly applauded for its perfect nature, and the final arts exhibited two Boones without any drop, of the curtain by a clever mechanical arrangement. The drama is a romantic tale of love and death/ and so skilfully is the plot worked out that the sympathies of the audience are in a measure awakened both in the injured and injure, and sustained until the final scene of cheering. A Corsican vendetta is the pivot upon which the plot turns. In the first act, while Mr. Barnes, one of the numerous army of wealthy Americans who have invaded Europe, is about to leave Corsica, where he has been the guest of Count Dauella, he is made the i spectator of a misunderstanding between two high spirited youths, the one a lieutenant in the British and the other in the French navy. A duel follows, which Mr. Barnes endeavours to prevent. The French officer has only just returned to Corsica to rejoin his sister, who is a ward of Count Danella. Brother and sister are deeply attached to each other, and Mr. Barnes, having met the lady, in her interest seeks i to delay the encounter until Marina Paull arrived, when he thinks her brother will not fight the foolish duel and in the risk of blighting her young life by early sorrow. Mr Barnes is somewhat of a notoriety. In addition to his, wealth he is talked about usa "good fellow" and one who has douerBome impossible rifle and pistol shooting. But the amiable intentions of this cool headed American towards the duellists result most disastrously, and the Frenchman falls mortally wounded. He expires before his sister at Fives, who over his corpse swears, with a true Corsican ferocity, a vendetta against the man who has killed her brother. She does not know the name of the English Officer, who immediately after the duel went on board his ship, which was on the point of starting for Egypt, to take part in the bombard- ment of Alexandria. Thither j Marina hastens, but fails to find the line sought for. A different fate awaits her. In the hospital she nurses and falls in love with an English naval officer, Gerard Anstruther, wounded in the bombardment.' She files from him to fulfil her vow of seeking her' brother's murderer and, In turn,' slaying him. In this tigerish search she is aided. by her amiable guardian,' Count ' Benalla,. who loves the beautiful Corsican, and' hopes to win her by ministering to her consuming passion for revenge. ' At 'Nice all the parties met, and the plot begins to thicken. The count has picked up a line to the murderer, and Mr. carries is made unpleasantly aware, of the fact that the English officer is the brother of Enid Anstruther, a charming girl, to whom Mr. Barnes, of a New York, has fallen a victim and is, in fact, on the point of being married Her sailor, brother unex- pectedly arrives at Nice, where he meets Marina and wins her heart. Under the new spell woven of love the ' fair 'Corsican renounces her vendetta, much to the horror of both the count and her foster fathers one Tomaso, also a Corsican, When Count Danella learns that Marina proposes to wed the very man who, he, believes, fought the? duel with her brother, he conceives the diabolical idea of being revenged by not revealing his: knowledge until the wedding night, which he arranges shall be in Corsica, land that the too faithful Tomaso shall then also be acquainted with the discovery, and if,,,nooda be, solve, the gallant English captain his quietus ere the marriage is consummated. Mr Barnes, having been, called away to,Xondçn.to, arrange his own, marriage is 'only Informed j by ELM of her brothe?s''<betrotWi;,.s,fte!.' ;the'Srty7,h>v¿ started, for CorsiWto ? oelébraíFthV LiaW riage. ' He hastens in pursuit to prevent the catastrophe which follows. The last scene of the hut Mt ii laid in the bridal chamber. The absence of Captain Anstruther has been secured on pretence that he is required to discharge some final formality on the ceremony. Marina' then learns that she has married the man who slew her brother, and both the count and her foster father demand of the distracted bride to give effect to the vendetta The conflict between love and revenge is terrible, but in the end the better part of her woman's nature gains the mastery. As alto hears her husband's footsteps approaching the bridal chamber she declares that she will not be his destroyer, and thereupon the enraged Tomaso wrenches the stiletto from her, and as the curtains are being raised Stalin the man behind them. Marina becomes insensible, and Mr. Barnes rushes breathless into the chamber with Enid. It is subsequently discovered that the count, and not the husband, lost his life at the portal of the bridal chamber. Captain Anstruther next appears upon the scene, and to Marina's distracted brain he seems a ghost; but that hallucina- tion as soon cleared away,: and also the history of the duel, which was not fought by Austruthen, but by a brother officer to whom he bore a remarkable resemblance. The curtain falls, upon the happy union of man and wife and the joy of Mr, Barnes who has now only to think of his own future at, the husband of a beautiful and brave English girl, As to the acting of this story' last night, it was a little disappointing in the opening scene it but it improved in scene after scene, culminating in perfect dramatic exhibition of the final act'. Barnes is not the loading,, character either in the book or the drama, , the part of Marina entirely overshadowing him still, Mr. St. Maur, by his careful representation of the cool, confident, and slightly conceited rich New Yorker, and the clever manner in which he always succeeds in making each character ho essays' something entirely different from all his other roles, pleased everybody, and contributed greatly to the undoubted dramatic success of the performance. Miss Julia Esmond' Marina was a surprise to all who had not previously discoverers the ability'Blio.poesoäses. Their character suited her in every respect, and she mastered every intricacy ? of it, This is no light task, and demanded, some genius to' walk out, for Marina' is a beautiful savage as a Cortioin, under the spell of the sworn vendetta, and sympathetic, generous and impulsive woman under ordinary circumstances. The woman and the Corsican were always at strikes and. the , struggle WAV' admirably depicted by Mrs Esmond. She made her first decided impression at the termination of the first scene when Marine discovers the dead brother, but her acting in the final scene' reached a good tragic range, i Miss Florence Seymour was equally successful as Enid, Anstruther, and Miss Thornton did very well as Lady Chartria. The story is rather sombre in tone, to correct which defect for dramatic purposes the character of (Maud, Charteris has been slightly exaggerated-. Such a part gave Miss May Holt something special to do, and, she ,waaa"fTsently successful in doing it. She kayVjMMiose in a continued state of hilarity ,»ll,,;ife, taste she appeared, and her by-play wM.tiçrtJesï^, Mr. Colter Dobson,, as Dauella wsaTiuprq, fortunate than last week, and may becomes presented on his success, while; Mr. Fred. Camboarne'a Tomaso was perfect in every respect. Some of the otjjfcf'cbiraoter» were not so well played! but .tpe.'aUceess of the drama as a whole was-pronounced. The orchestra, under the direction of Mr. J Brown played the following selections during the evening Overture '(ueW), " Ocean Pearl," Herman; waltz (new), "Elaine," Lowthian; serenade (new), "The Chanticleer Hartmann; selection on popular melodies, Coote. , , 