i' Continued Agony. 4 LAND Nationalisation is ju6t now in mortal danger-simply because people don't, or won't, understand it. Of course, the monop olists-either protectionists or freetraders won't look st it ; "take the nhotrihiaWe thing away," it is io- tuera as Banques -ghost was to Macbeth Attain* : exi^nî; v>fsij$i} Iltja«, earth hide Thin hast no êpeoÈtlation in those eye*"' Whici thou dost glare with ! In plain IPI..-.«, Land Nationalisation is a corker to these gentry. This is not all, for protectionists who pose as democrats and liberals are in a quandary about it ; they ad mit that Henry George is nn out-and-out; freetrader, and that Land Nationalisation must j supersede everything else. Here they, split again, for even John Norton says that j Protection must come first, and the loud- i voiced Caulfield is just as emphatic the other way-bully protectionist that he is. True, Caulfield, like all other protectionists who flirt -with Land Nationalisation, contradicts himself in every issue of his poper-as, also, does the more profund Farrell, who, we think, is a very weak protectionist indeed. The B.P., speaking at Lithgow last week, said ; "As an ardent protectionist I can say fearlessly that I believe the question of Land Nation alisation to bc a much bigger one than the fiscal one, and Land Nationalisation will do far more good than Protection will." Rather, we think. But Caulfield, continuing, makes this s'upid assertion-" But while I believe that I am bound to continue my advocacy of Protection, because it will give the industrial class relief until Land Nationalisation comes, and Protection will be in force before Land Nationalisation." What nonsense is this, when the speaker knows as well as we do that nil the protectionist employers are after is grab-they not onlv want to monopolise profits, hut they are ally the persons who will hang on to the Ia like a bull dog-or like the Bull tories of England, who held on to the monopoly of wheat growing until it was taken from them by the people. Caul field must either believe in George, or not; which is it? Is bc going to teach Gcorne some better system of Land Nationalisation based upon Protection, or what ? George's system cannot be improved upon, in our opinion ; and nowhere does he sav one word in favour of Protection. Land Nationalisation means freedom; it liberates mankind from thrall dom, and gives every one a chance. Whereas Protection encourages monopoly, m ikes one man fa' at 'he expense of another, and enables a few thick-hided adventurers to amass for tunes wliile the many starve-as they do in I America ; and if Mr. Caulfield don't care to take our word for it, let him consult any of Henry George's publications. If he believe* George is wrong in so important a matter as this, his faiih in him in other respects must be rather shaker. Mr. Caulfield is quite right, and talks sensibly, when be says, " Henry Georce would never favour the rotten and mongrel system of Free-trade that obtains in this colony. He advocates apute Free-trade ns the cnmHary of the great scheme of Land ! Nationalisation, and when Land Xationalisa I tion comes, and thç conditions of society aie ' equalised I will favour universal Free-trade." : Thia is gjing line better than Norton, who i wiil only go for intercolonial Free-trade. Wo ' no m ire hel'eve in Parkes, Pu sford. and , C'i'6 bastard Free-trade than Henry George ; docs ; hut it is better than Pr-'tect'on, «hieb ! will k-'er I,rind Nationalitäten back. If i tl¡« li ;'. is xinccTP, w'-r <! e< l e rot go in j rtrai/'u for Heti'V Oo'iine's Lin'; Xv.ionali ! sat'Dii. ard s1" bi"-iL- 'ii''' CMMC- c. as snon as no-sib >. t'-« ]':e?-'ra(!e i .? says bc n-i.ete-* it:. Let hUr. «io this. a:.d we shall , .hen I'cgii. io iiiu.k that the B.P. iâ a Saul other div our Triepd,; J, C«aV Fit*patrick, " sot on éome''\to a correspondent of oura, wh« hud written tWus>n thin qbjertion. f. MT* ^ 'Pnthi* queition. certainly agree wïtb\|kïr.^iizpatrics;but1t!iîî problem lifts since Occurred to us : lhere.are Uo candidates up for Parliament-oom free trader the other a protectionist j the.firu not only does not approve of Lind Nitinii,|is< tlon., but, if elected, would d >»l| in his OMor to prevent it« becoming law. "The protec- ' (¡.mist it as good a mao BS the other-¡Ue I», cation, natural ability, and an on-but it « ^rrn believer Sn Lind Nationalisation, and, be'tpg an honourable tn an, would strive to make it law. Tc whom would Mr. Fi'jspa*. lick give hil vote Î It is an awkward dilem ma for a conscientious elector tb be placed in ; and we confess that, much as we dinlike Pro tection, wè would give the protectionist can didate our vote-unlessthe other man's F/ree was of a very superior texture to the bastard thing we see supported by the merchant monopolists of Sydney. But, then, there must be Land Nationalisation he fue absolute Free-tmde becomes the law of the land. Mr. Fitzpatrick will, we feel assured, tee the difficulty in which many electors wo«ld be placed under such circumstances as wc^uave described. With regard to Mr. Caultie'tl, ¡t is renlly something to hear him say he believes in Universal Free-trade. Sometime ago he «as bold enough to hazard an opinion that w« would be protectionists before we died; hui, from his repent utterances, we expect to see Jum-a'flreetrádér before he's as old as we are and we arc Still in our prime. * # * There's agony untold in the protectionists camp, because John Norton-the *« Baron," as the B.P. calls h'm-has some independence in his composition. Mr. Norton is not the man to be led by the nose bv such verjnnt gentlemen as Melville, O'Sullivan, Lus combe, Richardson, and a lot of others. John kneir how many beam: made five ns soon as he was boru, and must have cut his eye teeth soon afterwards. He is not as old a man as Ninny, but travel and the society of men of the world gives a nun the fine mel ljwness of age without the senility of actual years. Thc B.P. seems to be " harking back" again to his old chum, and beslavers him over in an inane, patronising sort of way -which is directly at variance with bis opin ions (unwritten ones, though) of some few miin'.hs ugo. " Mr. Norton has also good ability," says the Boy, "far and away mote ability than aspiring young politicians like W. P. Crick"-and the Boy might also have included J. P. T. Caulfield-who, we think, might, with common decency, have classed himself with Mr. Crick. Both are smart young fellows, but half-a-dozen of 'em tolled out together wouldn't make one Norto i-only in fat. Anyhow, the B.P. should be the last person lo talk about " seeking notoriety," for it would ie hard to beat nur Lithgow friend in that respect. All hand* must admit that the *' Vagabond" is only a small circum stance when it conies to dinging the big I's" about, compared to the expectant member for the whole Western District. . Blasphemy is a thing we hear, alas, tto ttmol) of ; and lately thete has been no end oí leaders sud correspondence in the Sydney' y-iyiera ttoerëffnéVl. Of course, all rz-v tUus't can't distinguish' between blasphemy a:ûl or dinary profanity ; soma afc keenly alive, and ' indignant, when' they hear s <lmp!o swear word rolling out of a nun's mout1), " just permiskosly like," though their senses are blunt to a good deal of the refined smut that is bandied about in fashionable quarters. Re finement in loose talk is most dangerous to the young-juBt as ate some of the so called religious novels of the day. The good, wholesome old English classic is stowed away in a cupboard, while the modern yellow covered pestilence is purchaseable everywhere. But it's blasphemy we «re driving at. When a respectable citizen calls a spade a spade, and lectures or writes on plain subjects suit able for man and woman, be is brought up standing by some indifferently educated In spector of Police ; while gang« ot young ruffi ans may gather at street corners and squirt out blasphemy by the fathom. 'ïhat is, they string together all the filthiest wtsrds they can get hold of-sandwiching them vith the name of one or all three persotiB in the Ttinity -to say nothing of minor personages, *h<j are considered by some people worthy nf teverence. And who are these blasphemers, and what ÍB their creed or church? Well, in 99 cases out of a hundred they are all Chris tians, and members ol some Christian church. That this is a fact is notorious. Your secu larist and rationalist don't use wotdsthat have no meaning to him; and besides, he is gen erally too well informed to indulge in a lot of idle talk which he knows tntisf be insulting to other people. Not only «his, but if he is sin cere in his unbelief, he is the last person to be found idling his time away at street corners. He baB other fish to fry. in making up, prob ably, for what he lost in early years. Any how, all decent men should unite to check if they cannot prevent entirely-the free and indiscriminate use of filthy add insulting lan guage in our public thoroushfares. lt is not altogether the work of the parson, but of every man who makes the slightest profession of morality. j, * # Dear reader, were you ever a sponge ? No, / of course you were not ; dow absurd of us to ' tsk you. We were going to ag mise upon sponges in genera}-b(it*we won't. We did so once in a Western township, and we had the whole town down upon us-front the gold commissioner to the Bellman. They til understood our playful allusion, and every mother's son of them fitted the cap on. No, we defer writing a treatise on Windsor sponges-for a period, anyhow, though how long we cannot just now Bay. But reader, dear, were you ever in a spunging-house, or '' up-a-tree" (up King-Street, they call it in New South Wales, for shortness)-ever un der distraint-with the bum-bailiffs aboard ? Dear fiicnds (we are in training lor the Sal vation Army platform-that is oui next dart!), we hope you never have, lir it is a, most uncomfortable experience. If you have, you'll sympathise «iib us, lor we have re cently been honoured by having a gentlemen in charge of our lives and surroundings, boil by day and piglit (that is, we thought so, but Iiie latter was vu y a blis>ful dream, as ne have sir.ee discovered). We ought to have felt both happy and plateful, wc know, both to the gentleman who fancied be had a right to his pound pf flesh, te thc gentleman who ; j^My anil Mort^i@^b^'iiivWltb' A* I printed, fojm, ^«vtógWso jome jeal%r«pWí ! «jrnïiKfreon, »od '|io'rê particularly tn the . ether gmlernA who didn't leave* all our treasure by Itself for a single moment (as we fetidly thorin), 'mia* wnoi was the quietest end most unobtrusive person imaginable. We are »'most guilty of ingratitude when we talk of/bopleíieíni experiences, ; under *uch olmostyfenviahle circumstances, for did we not' tleep/'ith a sense of unusual security, know ' mg $&»t ve were safe from thieves and tub» hep, and that «ur blessed throat* "ere safe frota, molestation Í Oh, yes ! we bad muoh >/'ason to thank our lucky «tars for what most people consider a dire infliction-especially when we know that we were'tbe object of so j ; much solicitude, »nd that became, for a '; few days, quite famous-inasmuch as we formed the staple subject nf conversation in i select circles, where, soiriebew or other, peo ple, however busy they pretend to be, find time to discuss their neighbour's affairs from main trunk to keel-and particularly BO when said neighbours are iii queer street. O, yes ; we have been the centre of attraction lately ! No sane person would grumble at such atten tions ; nil SBne percon would lift bis voice against such a splendid law that permits one niiin to *i«p in before all others, and cut out the choicest morsel fiom his victim's breast, I while others stood by panting with hope and expectation that he would not take all- Oh, it is a glorious constitution we live under ! And British law, is it not the admired of all admiieis (when they are lawyers), thc very quintessence ef justice, founded upon Divine authority ? lt is no usc to refer to wholesale swell swindlers who go melancholy when in confinement ; or men in high estate who grab all they can get under thc name of expenses »nd allowances ; or representatives of the people who sell the people's estate to their friends, who in turn may sell again at cent, pei cent, profit; What is the good? One might write till hi*, pen lapped up a sea of ink, and his hieroglyphs covered a desert of paper, and then then society would be none the better. Nine men out of every ten we meet arc in the swim, and those who do not plunder the State direct, plunder those who do- that ie, pets the prior opportunity, What matters it, then, that some poor devil ol a tradesman or anisan gets down upon hil luck, and is worried and bullied, and sold ou' of house and borne-infhename of the law and, perchance, thrust into limbo (also in thi name of the law), not for a crime, but for l misfortune? Not a bit! Society is callous ti this sort of thing, yet it still bows its heat and makes obeisance to the big men who ru the State concern, and are immaculate in thei purity (yes, very!). Society pities th fashionable swindler and blackleg, but frown upon thc man who is tripped up by that Borr hag, MISFORTUNE. These latter remarks < ours apply generally, of course. Now vt will turn to the first person singular-if » may so call our licensed WE-which, prot ably, we may not use again-in this part t the world, at any rate-for Some time. A wc said awhile ago, we have experienced th last week a taste of the bum-bailiff butines and all for the matter nf a few paltry pounc for rent-while a lot of sniggering warrigal who parade the streets of this town as gent) men (that is, if the term applies to men wi ure nf 110 piofrEsiop, and have no ostensib way ol earning a« honest living) owe us fiv -iold. What c.i| i'a! thejj have made out ot *l'_C¿i; *.i-#. - ~ J - - ""jwnrrl arà Iettei nf tho big posters, which a n unwilling parasite was only too ready to e /lament thc dead walls, and posts ot the to\ with Í How they rhuvkled to see the mi who would never truckle to individual or fa rion, under a cloud ! How they gloated n\ his seeming downfall! Why, their 6hrivell souls are too small to recognise how sturdi und independently one man may fight agaii all the concentrated energy inspired by gre« avarice, malice, hatred, and envy-for thou cuts has been firmneisí-ty a stormy and d nitrous career, he can congratulate ourselt in having made thc Hawkesbury Chronicle real, live paper, and worthy of imitation the country presB. If we have not done mi it it. because we had not the means- that is say, because a lot of people who have be good enough to patronise us, have not troub themselves whether we had bread to eat, clothing to wear ; they got what they want and as for the " damned printer, why let h t;o to bell." This, dear friends, is only c of thc expressions which have been flung us during our sojourn in this delightful tov As lor " bloody Fenian," " bloody Repul c«n," " bloody Infidel," and such other i dearing terms, they have not troubled us i jot-knowing how insignificant and Ci temptiWe were the lousey tykes who put tl ugly mom bs out of shape (if that were poi ble) to utter such slander. At any rate, have never denied our unbelief, never serted «ur principles, and never jumped j Crow with out opinions in order to k sweet with the mob. Those who have gi us their support have had their mont worth-and we dely «ll the heggardly ç bungs who have kept us from our own, wi they fattened, to contradict it. Our regre leaving Windsor is small indeed. We cn here poor ¡ we depart poorer. Windsor is pince for u man with opinions of his own, ¡ we're better out ol' it. We might, perhn run the paper for a much longer period, did bu prostitute our principles tu expendien We decline to do so, for the simple res that we are not made that way. This pa may run longer, or it may not ; we di know, neither do wc care. It may, possil be run on protectionist lines, or the safer li ,. ol Fair-ttade-in eather case, we do hope, our post reputation, tb»t the name will changed, for we should feel ashamed of At ptesent the Chronicle has nothing tc es bumed of ; it bas been firm to its princij ever since it had any-and that is from time the urcecnt editor took rhoroo n| ethic?. Therefore, if ihe Chronicle appears under any other colour, it is to be hoped thal it will also appear under another nam». Anyhow, as thia may be the last opportunity afforded us, we lake the liberty ot thanking a few friends who ttood by tis in a former trouble-wa'mean the matter of the libel Action instituted against us by the meanest f-kunk that ever crawled on God's earth. We hesiluted to thank them publicly before, be lieving tb»t they did cot desire it. We do so now uithont their permission. The gen tlemen we n fer tu are-Messrs. B. Cpnlnn, W. C. Maj. W. Nicholle. J. Woolley, and M. McMahon, «bo made a Canvass on our behalf, ant! ti,abled us to pay off a portion of thc heavy cists willi »hieb we were saddled-in incl, a» much as ought to have paid lor all that y,M done for us, If these gentlemen have altered their 'j^^-if'iS^n^iá^-iiáf ft'}" we ih»»k-,tbmsj»ll the tame,"Hier* «rt others whO(We might mention, bot as their services ware not so prominent-though not the les« kindly rendered-ire abstain,- We might also refer to the cowardly and unmanly pack who promised us their support, because we got ourselves into trouble through their " Beloved Ortryman"- wno> to tell the. truth, was a MAN, among a miserable lot of rinptails, These people deserve exposure, but we leave them alone-pot for our own sake, but because they are not worth kicking. In regard ts. faxt*tipAy#»y íél»t*. that though men of all sort« contributed to this fund-including Wesleyan«, Presbyterians, ?nd «ven some Churchmen-theïloman Cath olics nf the district-we«, th* most liberal, while prominent churchmen were mentally deaf, dumb, and blind. Had a Roman Cath olic priest, instead of an Anglican parson, been the innocent cause of our trouble, we feel assured that the Catholics of the district would, to a man, have rallied roupd us. But 'tis no more than we might have expected -for those who blow biggest give smallest. In spite pf our trouble*-in 8pite of all the contemptible insects with whom we have been surrounded, we desire to express our warmest thanks for genuine support accorded us by friends in several parts of the district. We found these upright and down straight in every respect ; they were confined to no par- i ticular creed, end, in many instances, their views were far from being identical with ours _yet they admired our consistency, pluck, and independence ; and we again thank them. We have been spared the grand coup-the final insult-which the skunk tribe were Hok ing their chops, in anticipation, over; for after five dava of Mr. Bum- bailiffs watchfulness, Shylock got his pound of flesh-which put an end to the anticipatory feast of the dingoes. Good lori How they would have revelled in the plunder ! And now, knowing the inevita ble, we are enabled to let the public know how these public parasites do their duty to their parasitical employers. We have told you, dear reader, how we thought we were guatded by a watchful Cerberus-whose zeal we were almost afraid to trifle with, by asking him even to liquor np, albeit it is one nf his many weaknesses. The good man ostensibly retired to a couch in a small room at the rear of our printing office ; but the accommoda tion not being sufficiently luxurious, and he having perfect faith in thc people he wes set to watch, put out the light, slammed thc door (from the outside), shut the gate (also from the outside), and, with slow and measured step, betook himself off to more comfortable quarters, where, he knows best himself. Suf fice it to 6ay, that for three nights out of lice the premises were completely at the mercy o thc distrained ones-who, had they been ai big scoundrels us some other people in th i town, could have cleared the blessed lot o goods and chattels out to Jericho-or 'tothe the Kurrajong for the matter of that. Th inmates knew this ; but never a lope yan was touched; and the simple old fool returnei I in the morning early to find al) serene, am was green enough to imagine he had per formed hts nocturnal trick very cleverly, an undiscovered. Anyhow, we ate glad to knoi he got bis wage-and may it do him good and cause him to keep a faithful watch i future. However, should he be employe I again in a similar capacity, it would be a wis I plan to ehain him up, like a watch-dog. Y< this man seemed, such a, zealous and tm ¿I j wortny officer-juitging by the way he poste himself for hours at a stretoh at our gato-wa -that we had serious thoughts of erectin a sentry box to protect him lrom the weathei so well did he advertise our misfortuni Enough. We have nothing further to do »it the Chronicle, from the time it leaves tl press this (Friday) evening; and whethi affairs are wound up satisfactorily or not others will perform thc thankless task. \\\ have, no doubt, offended lots of people some perhaps we have pained beyond measure if they did not deserve it, we ask for pardo -though, in the main, we firmly believe v hit only those who thoroughly deserved a they got. From the first we set ourselv against cliqueism, and we leave the helm wi a clear conscience that we have been fait fi fi to our resolve-for we have belonged to t clique or organisation of any kind since v have been here-had we done so we migli perchance, have been better off in the world goods, though decidedly worse in the estim tion of honest men, Though belonging no church we have endeavoured to be fair all-when they'd let us ; anil if we hat failed to please everybody, that is the stronge recommendation that we have discharged ni duties faithfully. It was only the other da a stranger in the town was told by one, th *' the Chronicle wa3 too religious," and 1 another, that " it was not religious enough With such a character we are perfect Satisfied. Our screed is ended, as all thin must end ; and though we hoped to see mai things reformed in this conservative old tow we must bow to Fate, or, as Skakespere EB somewhere We cannot but obey The powers above us. Be that as it may, to those we esteem, wc s with Byron : Faro thee well ! and if for ever Still for ever, fare thee Kell. And to those we do not, we repeat the wot Shakespere puts in the mouth of Timon, tl Athenian : Now the gods keep you old enongh ; that you m live Only in bone, that none may look on you ! Live loathed and lons, Most smiling smooth, detested parasites, Courteous destroyers, affable wolves, meek bearf Tou fools of fortune, trencher friends, time's flies Cap and knee slaves, vapours, and minute jaoks ! Bun, hide thy beams ! Timon hath done bis rcig THE EDITOR, j No matter wliat your feeling or ailment is, American Co's. Hop Bitters «ill do you good. Prove it and see. us. New Business. All meet with wonderful euc* CMS. Any one can do thc work. Capital sot required. We will start yon. Outfit worth £1 mailed tree. The employment is particularly adapted to thc region in which this publication circulates. Boys and girls carn nearly aa muoh aa tuen. Foll particulars ¡md instructions mailed free. Kow is thc time-don't delay, but write to na at once. Address-STINBOX SC" CO., Portland Maine, Coiled States. " JtoVGH ON RATS."-Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed-buys, beetli«, ir!-e¿-u, skunks, jack rabbits, sparrow:!, gojihtrs, At chemists and druggists. £4 per day to be made by per .sons of either Bex, in their own localities, at work for 