OUR STORY. HAUNTED BY AN INITIAL. I was christened Paul Grover. The pat- ronymic was an inheritance from reputable ancestors, the prænomen a concession to my paternal grandsire, who, oscillating be- tween profanity and piety, had swung to the latter extreme at the date of my nati- vity, and insisted on naming me after the great apostle. I have never felt any disposition to quarrel with my venerable progenitor on account of his action. Paul is a good enough name, and I am more than satis- fied with it when I consider what he might have called me had I been born when the pendulum was at the other extreme. But my mother, like all solicitous wo- men, dreaded to think of her first-bom starting out in life in light marching order so she handicapped me with a superfluous name. And of all names in the world, what dou you suppose it was ? Ivanhoe. Paul Ivanhoe Grover! It is unnecessary to state that she was of a sentimental cast, or that Sir Walter's heroes were the objects ot her adoration ? I have no disposition to quarrel with her, either ; she might have named me Os- baldistone. During infancy, while I basked in the blaze of motherhood, Paul was a sup- pressed title. The chimes of maternal fondness rang out in the maternal changes from "Ivy" to " Vanny," and then from " Vanny" to " Hoey," though at times I was treated to a syntactic symphony of those diminutives, as— " 'Et 'er kiss 'e pooty toe Of mammy's Ivy-Vanny-hoe." But when the cruel years had done their work, and the fond arms unclasped themselves from the boy, no longer her baby to let him go forth in the majesty of a jacket and boots to his first encounter with the world, my mother grew covetous or distrustful of the pet name. With all the solemnity, if not the ceremonials, with which the ancients conferred arms upon their stripling sons, she confided to me that my real name was Paul. So as Paul I entered the lists. But the tones of maternal endearment had echoed beyond the nursery. My play- mates were aware of my intercalary name. They resented the attempt to foist Paul upon them as an imposition ; they declined to accept Ivanhoe, as a whole or in its subdivisions ; but with the fell malig- nity of youth, they scanned my full title —Paul Ivanhoe Grover—and discovering the initial to be susceptible of that con- struction, they nicknamed me " Pig." If the roll of lapsed experiences is ever called over again, the ghost of one wretched boyhood will be heard answering to the name of Pig Grover. The temporary indignity passed away, but the servility still adhered to me ; un- til manhood I reverently wrote my name " Paul I. Grover." Then an awakening came. Why, I thought, should I burden myself longer with this miserable initial ? It was given to me fortuitously, and has brought me nothing but humiliation and tears. My mother, beholding my childish misery, repented in sackcloth that she ever bestowed it upon me ; no ceremony sanctified it, no record legalised it. I will cast it away forever. Hence- forth I will be only, and will subscribe myself, simply, Paul Grover. And so I wrote it ; but most of my cor- respondents ignored the elimination, and continued to address me as Paul I. Gro- ver. There is nothing so annoying as to be baffled in a cherished purpose. I had set my heart upon eradicating the redun- dant appellation from my life, but it rose before me constantly like a vengeful ap- parition. The sight of the obstinate ini- tial at length so exasperated me that I prepared an encyclical letter in which I informed all whom it might concern that my name was Paul Grover, and nothing else ; that there was no baptismal war- rant for thrusting upon me any other title, and least of all the personal pronoun I (by which I was stigmatised with gratuitous unanimity), as I never had any middle name of which it was indicative, and was personally so destitute of egotism as to render it absurdly inapplicable to me. My manifesto had the desired effect. It laid the ghost as effectually as the custom- ary holy rites could have done. I trium- phantly subscribed myself Paul Grover ; no sign of the murdered initial came back to me from any direction. ——— Glancing carelessly through the co- lumns of a morning paper, I saw the fol- lowing advertisement :— "If Paul I. Grover will communicate with Jordan, Setchel and Howe, attorneys- at-law, 3113 D street, he will hear of something to his advantage." There was no doubt in my mind that I was the person designated ; but there was a doubt as to what was advisable to be done. After having ceremoniously ab- jured one despised initial, should I con- fess it before the world, simply because it held out to me a promise of advantage ? It would be a recantation so base I felt I never could stoop to it. But, on the other hand, had I a right to revolt against the eternal law of compensation ? I was justly entitled to reparation for the suffer- ing the detested initial had caused me, .and here at last might be my full indem- nity. Could I, in duty to myself, reject ithe proffered atonement for the sake of a mere prejudice ? With characteristic in- decision, I was three days coming to a conclusion. Mr. Jordan was just bowing a gentleman out when I entered the office. " The papers will be ready to-morrow, Grover ; call at two," he said. I thought he addressed me and won- dered why he should thus plunge head- long into business before I had even in- troduced myself ; but, looking up at his bland face, I saw he was speaking to the other individual. The identity of names caused me examine the latter with some interest as he passed out of the door. He was about thirty-five, gaunt and sandy. I did not like his looks. " Now, sir, I am at your service," said Mr. Jordan, confronting me. "You advertised for Paul I. Grover to call at your office; that is my name," I replied. Mr. Jordan gave a little start, which was suggestive that it might have been a larger start if there had not been a ratchet in him somewhere that stopped and ba- lanced him at a proper poise. He made an inarticulate exclamation—a qualified snort—passed his hand aimlessly over his smooth chin, looked at me scrutinisingly, seated himself, and continued to gaze at me steadfastly. " This is extraordinary—most extraor- dinary," he said, at length ; " the gentle- man who just went out is Paul I. Grover, also." " Is it possible ?" " It is a fact. He came three days ago, proved his identity, and the business is already far advanced towards settlement." " May I enquire the nature of the busi- ness ?" " Certainly ; there is no secrecy about it. A client of ours, who has lived the greater part of his life in the West Indies, is recently deceased. He leaves the bulk of his estate to an only daughter ; but he has also bequeathed fifty thousand dollars to Paul I. Grover, of New York, in order to place liim in such a position of independence that he can marry the daughter without any imputation of mer- cenary motives, though the bequest is unconditional, and in no wise dependent upon said marriage." "Might I presume to enquire the name of your late client ?" " Yes, sir ; Thomas Wackleford." "The name is very familiar to me ; he was a revered friend of my mother. In fact—without designing to obtrude my confidence upon you—I believe an en- gagement existed between them at one time, but from some mischance it was broken off." Mr. Jordan gave another start, but the ratchet caught before it bacatne noticeably manifest. He stroked his chin thought- fully, rose and paced the room, pausing at different standpoints to gaze into va- cancy, as if endeavouring to obtain a parallax by which to measure the dimen- sions of some remote contingency. " I foresee serious complication in this matter," he finally said. " There is no- thing in the will to distinguish the right- ful legatee beyond the words ' Paul I. Grover, of New York.' The other Mr. Grover has established an indubitable claim to that title ; I doubt not but you are able to do the same ; then will come the battle of the names. The outlook is a promising one from a professional stand- point. You had best secure counsel im- mediately, Mr. Grover." " Is Miss Wackleford still in the West Indies ?" " No ; she is stopping at present with a distant relative in the city." " Will you oblige me with her address ? I feel it a duty to call on her, entirely apart from the matter of the will." He gave me the address, and I bade him good-day. As I turned to go, he said— " It might be well enough, Mr. Grover, to let me know where a line would reach you, in the event we should wish to com- municate with you." I handed hini my card. He glanced at it and made a feint, but the ratchet caught before it developed into a full start. " I observe that your name upon this card reads simply Paul Grover," he re- marked, rather dryly. " Yes, I ordinarily put it that way for brevity's sake ; but my full name is Paul I. Grover—or, I should say, rather, Paul Ivanhoe Grover." " Doubtless, doubtless," he responded ; " but it is inconvenient, to say the least, to have your card misprinted when you desire to prove you identity." ——— The tradition of the pre-historic engage- ment between our parents was known to Miss Wackleford as well as to myself. I called upon her in due course. By Jove !—if it be permissible for an orthodox man to take even a pagan oath —by Jove! she was a magnificent crea- ture ! tall, lithe, animate—her features a field of snow swept athwart by swaths of light, and her eyes blazing with a bril- liance they must have been caught from the sun at the equator. She never stopped to look or think if the almighty and indispensable I was on my card or not. She knew me by intuit- tion ; and the whirlwind in her nature, that levelled everything else before it, swept the inheritance, and our love at first sight, and the final union, in one great, revolving, indistinguishable mass, onward to a happy conclusion. I sought an opportunity, when I had measurably disengaged myself from the lovely cyclone, to remark— " I apprehended some difficulty in es- tablishing my rights; another claimant has forestalled me." I was watching her intently to see if my words aroused any doubt on her part. Doubt ? There went a flash out of her eyes which would have consumed any ob- ject it had encountered like the blast from a compound blow-pipe. " Who has dared to thrust himself be- tween us ?" she exclaimed. " I know nothing more," I answered, " than that I called at your lawyers, Jor- dan, Setchel and Howe, yesterday, and was informed that an individual calling himself Paul I. Grover had proved his identity, and that the settlement of the bequest was already in an advanced state." " The imposter! he must be dealt with summarily." " Unfortunately, I have placed myself in a rather equivocal position. For rea- sons not worth explaining now, I have for some years dropped my middle name, and it may not be an altogether easy thing to re-establish it." " What difference ?" she said, with one of her absolute gestures—" I know you to be the Mr. Grover, for whom my father intended the legacy and myself. My voice will be listened to in this affair. The suit, should there be one, is mine both by right and feeling—not yours. Give yourself no further concern about it." There was an implication in her tone and her manner that she thought me too weak to fight the suit, which I resented with the petulance of weakness. " Oh, never mind," I stammered ; " the thing isn't worth troubling yourself about." " Do you mean," she said, sweeping down upon me in one of her hurricane moods, that I'm not worth your trouble ?" " I beg pardon, Miss Wackleford ; I was alluding to the suit." " But I'm alluding to myself ; do you object to me ?" " No ; on the contrary, I like you ; but you rather confuse and awe me." " Then, you poor, timid child, we will fight this thing to the bitter end. I will stand in your stead throughout the whole affair." The case of " Grover v. Grover, in re Wackleford deceased," is one of the cele- brated causes of the surrogate Court of New York. I was the plaintiff. I estab- lished conclusively that I was Paul Grover —there was a baptismal register to that extent ; but when it came to proving my middle name, the evidence was only in- ferential. My parent—long deceased could not testify to the fact of bestowing it upon me ; an old nurse, whom we fished out of obscure recess, swore she had always heard me called Ivy, or Vanny, or Hoey, but admitted, on cross-examina- tion, she never had the faintest idea what it all meant ; and a former school- mate deposed that I had been familiarly known in my boyhood as Pig Grover, but was forced to confess, under cross-fire, that the epithet was conferred upon me with- out any rational motive, so far as he knew. In short, we were compelled to rely on the fact that for some years I had used an initial in my signature as our most material proof. The defendant proved his name fully. By the church record and by the blazon of his whole life he was entitled to be called Paul I. Grover. His middle name was Irving. I pardoned it, as less roman- tic and distinguished than mine, but maintained an unabated hatred towards its owner. After establishing inoontestibly the false claimant's identity, the defence got in their most cruel blow upon me. They produced a copy of my encyclical letter. My own disinterested and deliberate state- ment rose up in evidence against me, and was received as conclusive ; the case was decided against me ; but by the only stroke of good luck in the whole affair, I managed to escape indictment for per- jury. ——— " Well, they have got the fifty thou- sand, but they haven't got me," was Miss Wackleford's consolatory remark at the conclusion of the trial. " No, it might be worse even than what it is," I acceded. "May I ask you if you have any inten- tion of prosecuting your claim to the re- sidue of my father's bequest ?" " I'm not quite sure, Miss Wackleford, that I fully comprehend you." " The fifty thousand, you know, was simply intended to place you in a position of comparative independence ; I and my fortune were considered the principal legacy." " I fear I have so demeaned myself in endeavouring to prove my identity in the trial just over that success in the other cause would be quite as hopeless.'' " Now, don't be awkward, and make remarks that reflect upon me. We fought that case together, recollect. But the other suit hasn't to be tried before any stupid magistrate or jury. I myself am to be the judge of the law and the factor in the case. Just institute the proper proceedings, and see how quickly you will get a favourable verdict." " May I, then, Diana, indeed hope"— " Hope, indeed! as if there was ever a time you couldn't have had me for the asking. But only on one solemn condi- tion, Paul." " Name it!" " That you resume the name to which the court has decided you have no title." " I should think you would loathe it by this time." " On the contrary, I adore it. I have worshipped it all my life. I reverenced your mother for conferring upon you such a charm. It filled my girlhood with ro- mantic dreams of you before we ever met. Ivanhoe ! Paul Ivanhoe ! I consider the possibilities of it. Paul I., that is Paul First ; Paul IV. is Paul Fourth ; Paul V., Paul Fifth. You will be quite a dy- nasty simply by virtue of your own title. Then Ivan is Sclavonic for John ; and Paul John is equivalent to John Paul John, which will make you a namesake of Jean Paul Richter. Really I cannot stop now to think of everything embraced in it ; but it is a royal name, and its po- tentialities will stretch on to infinity, I'm sure." The typhoon was beginning to rise ; I knew that I must finally be whirled be- fore it like chaff ; so I hastened to sur- render unconditionally. " You may fix it as you please, Diana." " Then order cards at once for Mr. and Mrs. P. Ivanhoe Grover." And thus the name is written, both male and female until this day. 