Generalities. When a washerwoman changes her place of residence one may ask her " where she hangs out now'' without using slang. | Sharks won't bite a swimmer who keeps his legs in motion. If you can keep kicking longer thanashaik can keep waiting you'll be all right. 'Johnny, siid the Sunday-school teacher, "what is oor 6:1 ty to our neighbours?' "To ask them to teu. as soon as they get settled," said Johnny. Blobeon, who never goes out or comes in without falling over an antique jar or piece of bronze, percitts inciliing his wile's collection bieak-your-back." ^ ourg Blilkins went out shooting the other day, and shot six times at an owi before he diecoversd that it was a piece of mud on his eye-glasses. Boston mamma—" Ycu mustn't epeik of your legs, Flossy, when we have company; it isn't polite." Flofey—" What should I tav, niannii—drumsticks?" Nature knew what she was about when she u ade women beardless. She knew that not cne in a thousand could keep her chin ssill long enough to get shaved. Pome one remarked to Mrs. Siddons that applause was necessary to actors, and give them confidence. " More," teplied the actrecs. " it pives us breath." KEJJSOKABI.E j-oa ONCE.—Lady—"There! for the first tiuie your bill ia reasonable." Florist (excitably)—" Quick !—let ma see! 1 must have made a mistake." T .. n t TA » b ? that new names for dudes, i What IS It.' 'lams. Whats the matter with it?'' " Why, yams are big potatoef, and dudes are mighty small ones." j KP, Henry, when ladies appear in demitoilst it does not mean that they are only half I dretstri. 11 meaiis that they have more 1 lotiies on than vrhen they are in fali dross. i " j.s LIFE WORTH LI vise ?"—Very Kai^hty Tommy (who has f-everely been corrected j by his mairma)—"I'm pre'eh's-s scrry— , (sobbing) — y'vou ever m-married Pa'!!"— ;1' Punch. Alies Ethel—"And so yon are really engaged to Mr. Sampson, Clara? ' Miss Clira (blushing)—" Yes ; it all happened la?t evening, Ethel/' Miss Ethel—" What a olessing j leap-year is, dear !" 1 Hostess—" Let me help you to some more . salad, Mrs. Kewcomb." Mrs. Newcomb — j "Justa little please." (Thoughtfully.) "I { wish jou wouid lee me copy some of your recipes ' , : , all . . mine are r . so rich/' , _ i The litle: one, being a guest of her grandma, | had 1 .'1 been I HM-n liberally iihePiilltr feasted fdao^l when arhen a second aonrtnA dish rlinli of pudding came on. Looking at the steaming dieh Bhe exclaimed with a sigh, "Say, gran'ma, I wish I was twins." Everybody in the church except the new pastor himself seemed to enjoy it when he lost the place in his manuscript and while hunting for it spoke of " Esau who sold his meeEBge for a birth of potright." " I am afraid," eaid a lady to her husband, " that I am going to have a stiff neck." , 'Not at all improbable, . T- my - dear," . replied r j ber spouee ; i have seen strong symptoms of it ever emce we were married." t Mother—" Well, my boy, how did the Sunday-school go to-day ?" Son—" Oh, pretty well. Next Sunday teacher wants the boys to bring boxing-gloves. She says all the ministers recommend sparring as a means of grace." According to historians, in former times the town grew up around a monastery. According to a recent writer in an English paper Australian towns grow np around a bush shanty. Both classes are due to spiritual wjluences. CAUTION V. CAUTIOX. — " So careful, so economical my dear wife is. She always locks np the decanters when we've had all j we want—on account of the servants, you know! He Ihe! She doesn't know I've got a key too i"—Punch. New parlour-maid—" Yes, ma'am, but I did not know you was." THE WROKG MEMBEE.—On the steamer:— - , Provide myself i With a sea stomach. j TBJKOS ONE WOULD KATHEB HAVE LIEFR ; UNSAID.—Lady of the houee (archly)-" My ! husband s cot at home, j.vir. Goodenongh. ': He's gone to call on some pretty icomen of nis .acquaintance." Caller—" Ah, i've given that • up lon-j ajo —Punch. j "No, thank you, stranger," said the gentle- ! man from ' " Dakota ' as the • • car porter Offered - ! , him the dressing-room comb. "I never could 1 ! Play on one of them things. I ain't what : you'd call musical, an' my moustache ever- | lastingly tears the paper." i Blue-Kibbon Curate—' James, this is the third coming out of that publ . Arti6an—" Tbash all, sir. xuu uw u tuiu& , 'shpect'ble Bn'sh workman can shpen' all'sh : ; time in grog-shop j | One day Ernest had been seriously lectured : by his mother, and fiaally sent to the yard to ; , 611(1 a , switch r ^ n e ^ I , w X— «S U I t 0 1 I ^. now, r anu a mases t the tue : fellow I Want S oI d iu heaps if he her dre=s bill pavs. ! ! "Uncle John," said little Emily, "do you tnow that a baby that was fed on elephant's —j * 3 - J elephant's baby," replied little Emily, No generous man would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium, and as the ghost is walking about, while the medinm is tied in tbe cabinet, exclaim, «• There's a rat fgnt the ghost!" It Bpoils the effect to have ths ghest cry out tnd gatherJip iteekiits run. Tbe • reccor had been preaching on "The 1 f rand of Cain," and at the close pointed his finger impretsively at a drowsy sailor in the gallery and howled, "What are your brands, my friend?' "Nigger-heel f chewia'and cut-plug for Emokin'," was the wiliing and polite reply. Uccie Jtastus (to grocer)—'" Mietah Smif "[Id me to get er codfish here an' have it chaged to him." Grocer (dubiously)—" Did j or ly give yen a verbal order for it, Uncle KsstasUncle Eastos (makine a feint of I do know, we saw a camel there thai screwed its mouth and eyes around awfully, and sister said it looked exactly as yon do when you are reciting poetry at evening parties." said a wife to her c bnsband, "Mr, l_l 0g . came very near biting mother. As it was he frightened her seriously. I think you oaght to do something about it." "I will," responded John promptly; "I'll see Smith first thing in the morning, and if he does not want too much for for the dog 111 buy him." Kobinson (very late at night)—" Hello, r cu \- - — - "She doern't mind that, but she won'i believe I've been there." "I® T on r horee perfectly gentle, Mr. Dabster?" " Perfectly gentle, sir. The only he has got, if that be a fault, ia a painful pending binder hoofs now and ' i ' extending his hinder hoofs you i „ t . m ? an , kicking, 1 hope ?" " Some people : c ,• • lfc klc H U3 fT. Mr. Green, but it's only a ! sl 'K ll,; . reac t ,o n of the muscles." ' A t>P E y farmer was observed recently at i *. oot . tl,e stair leading to the Tay Bridge j station homing on to the iron railing for eunnnrt. " TOhot'o j _ A five-year old, who went to school for the brat time, came home at noon, and said to his mother—" Mamma, I don't think that teacher knows much ?" " Why not, my dear ?" " Why, she kept asking questions all the time. She asked where the Thames wae.' xhe other day, at the Theatre Royal, ^e" 68 *. , B0 realistic was the acting that, just when a r R ? ee Murra y was about to take 11 cup th^t was supposed to be drugged, fin ex ^ Jf'«? man jumped up, and l CTe ? m S? Hi! ma'am, he's poisoned yer t a ! Don 1 dhrlnk 1 Y A , little four-year-old boy was taken to a ' armere ' meeting, when a lady read an essay o n . "flowers." On returning home he was a E f; e(i what tlle y did there. "Ob, a lady Judge to Jury—"Have you agreed upon a verdict? Is the prisoner guilty or not guilty theft, as charged in the indictment'" Foreman—" We have not yet reached a verdiet, yonr Honor. I missed my pocket-book in tbe night, and I would respectfully ask that; e a eh Juror be searched." Lady Purchaser—" Now, please, do not sk me, after I have bought what I want if there's anything else. If I want anything — else I can remember to ask for it without being reminded that there is somethh." else tbit I may want. Do yon understand" Salesman-" Yes'm. Anything else " " a l 