RECENT DISCOVERIES IN PATAGONIA. I (FROM TUEST, JAMES'S GAZETTE.) Never was there such a misnomer for any land as that which Magellan gave to the group of islands whose intricate channels render navigation so dangerous in the seas of South America Every night, as he passed its northern shore, his attention was attracted by small fires along the channels-, fires which he supposed were in some ravine. near way a characteristic of the country. They were only the signal fires of the natives, but they gained for the archipelago the name which has stuck to it 1 Terra del Fuego A. little more fire and a little less water would be the making of the region. From Magellan's days to our own, if we can trust the results of recent exploration, the most erroneous conceptions have prevailed as to the real character of Tierra del Fuego. Its shores have had many visitors, but until the last year or two Its interior was practically unknown Darwin's descriptions of land and people will be remembered by all who have read his voyage of the Beaylf. According to him, the one was the most in hospitable and the other the most degraded, to be found on the face of the earth With his characteristic candour, however, Darwin admitted afterwards that he was mistaken as to the people, and stoned for his mistake by subscribing to the South American Missionary Society. One of the missionaries of this society, Mr. Brydges, has done something to correct the prevailing erroneous impression He has lived and worked in Tierra del Fuego for many years, and knows the country and people well. By a recent arrangement with Chili, the Argentine Republic has had her claim recognised to the eastern portion of the great island around which the others are grouped, and she has lost no time in taking means to ascertain the value of her possession. During the past year, Don Ramon Lian has been exploring the interior of the island with unexpected results, and his conclusions are confirmed, by the researches of other recent explorers, including the late Lieutenant Boyd, of the Italian navy, and Mr. Julius Popper, the agent of a mining company. 'The popular conception of the country must now be. seriously modified, and we shall endeavour to state briefly in what respects. As the archipelago has an area of 80,000) square miles, and extends 330 miles from east to west and 228 from north to south, it has considerable variety of climate and future The recent explorations were chiefly in the main island, and its Argentine section in particular the country, instead of being a mountain of eternal snow, as Darwin says, is exceedingly varied, presenting almost every diversity of surface high mountains, deep valleys, rolling table- lands, fertile plains, numerous lakes, and frequent watercourses Occupying a large portion of the extreme north (the part hitherto seen by most navigators), and extending from one extremity to the other of the Straits, are continuous chains of mountains sometimes running into peaks several thousand; feet high These mountains form an impasse sable barrier from the north, their summit covered with perpetual snow and their side, clothed with impenetrable forests In all likelihood, however, passes will be found Adjacent to these mountains on the south is a wide belt of high and rather barren plain, running the entire width of the island then succeed lofty table lands, quite covered with forests. south of this is another chain of sierras and still further south the country opens into an extensive plain, which occupies all the central portion of the island, and is quite destitute of trees, except small patches here and there on hardwood and shrubs 'The plain is covered with an abundance of rich grasses, which in some parts are reported to be well suited for both cattle and sheep, especially the former The extreme south portion is also mountainous, some of the peaks being volcanic, with numerous glaciers and dense forests Referring especially to the eastern portion of the large island, Don Ramon Lists says that it presents two aspects. From Cape Holy Ghost to Cape PeDos there are valleys more or less extensive, covered with splendid gravel and irrigated by large rivers, some of them navigable " This region enjoys an agree- able temperature, with very little snow during winter South of this the appearance of the country changes, and large forests appear, where the grass is not so abundant nor the rivers be large. The face of the country here is something like that of Switzerland, with small lakes, elevated mountains, and valuable timber forests." The geological formation of Tierra del Fuego exactly corresponds to that of Patagonia. The mountains, broken and disjointed by the convulsions of nature, with wide seas now running where they have been depressed, are but the continuation and southern extremity of the Andes , while the plains and uplands partake of the same geological characteristics as those which distinguish the Patagonian steppes, devious parts the formation is decidedly volcanic. Gold has been found, but whether it will over pay remains to be ascertained. With regard to the climate, we are still in want of adequate information though far from being an ideal climate, it seems to be not so bad as it has been painted. Leaving the extreme south out of account, excessive moisture seems to be the main drawback, especially in winter. 'the thermometer never goes far below freezing point , but, on the other hand, it never rises very high in summer. In fact, from all we can learn, it is not unlike the climate of Orkney, and the want of a continuous hot Summer appears to be inimical to any great agricultural development. At Ushviu, however, on the south side of the island, in Beagle Channel, where Mr. Bridges resides, destructive trusts have been known to occur in almost every month of the year, and snow, storms in the very middle of summer, throughout the northern portion under it, much higher tempi future, the various grasses are said to grow very luxuriantly, and potatoes, beans, peas, and almost all the common vegetables reach great perfection. In all the pumps or prairie region there is a great abundance of sweet grasses, and many fruit producing shrubs and vines Mr. Brydges states that wild strawberries, wild raspberries, wild gooseberries, and wild grapes grow all over the country, and attain an immense size 'The forests contain but live kinds of trees, three of which are pieces of beech, and the other two are winter bark, resembling the magnolia, and a species of c pleas peculiar to the country. Of shrubs there is a considerable variety. While there are probably few stn ama in the country of sufficient sue for navigation, there is a large number of small rivers and watercourses, which assist to irrigate the lower plains. It is with the people as with the country r, they are not nearly such degraded savages as life) have been thought I from their elaborate hinguiigoiindcxtenHivevotubulnry,Max Muller believes that they must have degenerated from a match limber condition The truth is there are two distinct peoples in berra del 1 regions full and well built, the other short, and this accounts for the inconsistent statements which have been made about the regions Hurt are the northern uegiane.oc Unas, and the southern, or Yuhgans and Mr. Brydges maintains that the great differences between them urine from their differing surroundings and very different modes of life. The One", of whom very few remain, are a large, active, well formed, muscular people; while the Bulgars in their wild state are described as " the most miserable specimens of humanity that can be found in the western hemisphere " Yet Mr, Brydges, who has worked among them for years, has had great success amongst them, though he finds it slow work to raise them above their own degraded notions of morality. bush in the new aspect in which this Land of Fire is presented to us 'The Argentine Government are so impressed with the value of the country that a Governor has been appointed, and great efforts are being made to attract, colonists Should gold be found in any quantity, no doubt people will rush to it as usual, but, as a country for permanent settlement and colonisation, even at its beat it can hardly be compared with the immense areas which the Argentine Government has to dispose of on the mainland. Meantime, let us rejoice that no more error can be, eliminate i home these storehouses of mis. statement, gazetteers and geographical text books. 