. THE DXJCHES& By tlio Author of 'Phyllis,' 'Molly Bawn,' 'Mrs. Geoffrey,' 'Lady Branksmere,' &o.; ?JTChs Kiorrr op Translation Reserved.] CitAPTEn XIV. „ ???- .' ?'??»;!«.»' i ; , -5r '. ;-?/? ? ir?^ NCE again that soft, ? : * ' ] j.f':ff*i .low, trained laughter ;£_ j, falls on Norsh's ears;; ii^ the perfume of many ''ij?'5 ' . flowers stirs the air; *' the room seems wrapt in a neb, subdued glow, out of which one face ,jJouo looks dearly; ' ;Hia faoe ! Denis ! After o^e rapid glance, the cruel pain at her heart ? jrrows easier, us instinct tells her it is not Katherine to whom he is speaking in that calm' Broiling fashion. ' ' . MeiiDtimo, madam has led her up to a couch, drawn somewhat apart, on which a pretty, aristocratic-looking- young woman is sitting, with two or three men hovering round her. Her facn is the most innocent thing im aginable, immobile almost, but for the oyes, ?which are specially brilliant when you can see them — which is not often. Long lashes falling from the upper lids, and lyins on the cheeks, ore educated to be a cover for these charming tell-tales. 'Sophie, this is my niece,' says madam, standing before her. ' ' Norah, let me make you known to Lady Glandore.' ?'Ah !' says the pretty young woman. She tntanp quite straight, and lets those bashful eyes of hers study the Duohess for just a second or two. Then she holds out her hand with a wonderfully f riandly smile. ' Wo have been oxpecting you,' she says, in » peculiarly slow, sweet voice ; ' but — we did not quite expect all this !' Then she drags her eyes away from the girl's fresh loveliness, and looks at madam with a sense of reproach in her manner. 'Oh! madam, this is very hard on us,' ahu says, plaintively. Madam laughs, and leads the Duchess a step or two farther, to where a lively-looking brunette is engaged in a seemingly warm argu^ ment with a young man who is laughing a good deal. With a quick knowledge that she is glad of hia presence, Norah sees thatit is Kil garriff. He is a slight man, about five feet ten in height, with n palo face, extremely dark eyes, and a black moustache, rather Italian in appearance, but with something homely about him that forbids the idea of foreign parentage. Tho pretty brunette had given way in the lively discussion, and had centred her attention on the approaching madam and her companion. She now makes a step forward, ' It is?' sho says, hesitating, and smiling at the Duchess. ' Norah,' replies madam, smiling too. Then looking at her niece, '? Norah, this is Nancy Blake; I hope you and she will be good friends.' 'Madam's hopes are our. laws,' says the Son. Nancy, smiling' still at Norah, who responds to the smile and then looks past her to ?where Kilgarriffi is standing behind her. That young man has had time to gain a very brilliant colour and lose it again, in a rather remarkablo degree, whilst the Duchess has been making her way up the room. She herself grows faintly pink now as she speaks to him. . ' How d'ye do, Otho ?' says she, rather do murely. Lord Kilgarriff accepts the hand she holds out, rather nervously. 'This is an unexpected meeting,' he stammers, somowhat baldly. ' An unexpected pleasure, you might have said,' suggests Miss Blake, with mischievous reproach in her tone. ' How ib it you aro hero ?' asks Norah, who is very little embarrassed. 'You never told me that yon knew my aunt.' ' I think it arose more from the fact of my knowing her,' says Slisa Blake, with a little shrug. '? I mot Lord Kilgarriff on tho Kiviora some weeks ago, and,' ' calmly, ' took quite a fancy to him.' ' Kilgarriff laughed. '.'I, happened to mention his name to Madam Delanoy; on my return, and she instantly re membered thiit his father, i or great grandsiro, or somebody belonging to him, had onco been the bosom friond of some of her people ; so sho asked him hero,' and out of tho goodness of his heart ho accepted the invitation. Via tout.' '?-?? TCilgarriff makes some rather rambling re turn to this liulf-mockinar speech, and tho Duchess, slipping into a chair near Mies Blake, begins to look with curiosity around her.' She passes over most of the women present, until her oyeB fall upon a low 1 unging-ohair of saffron velvet, in which, she feels, sits the one for whom she has been unconsoioualy seeking over since her entrance into the room. It 'is beyond doubt a very handsome picture on whioh:she is now gazing. Miss Cnssalet is' lying back in the low chair, trifling indolently ?with a tiny black and tan terrier that lies crouching in her lap, her eyes turned lightly upwards 'to :tho man who is leaning over tho back of her lounge. Those eyes are large and lustrous, if a rather lijtht blue, swept by lashes that are oxtromely dark and curl daintily up wards. Her nose is pure Greek, her mouth perfect. The rippling hair, that is drawn back so' softly from her broad low brow, is of a pure and very rare gold colour. Ono can see that she. is tul] and slender, and that sho is possessed of an ease, an elegance, not to be rivalled. Her voice, as it comes faintly to Norah, who ib ?watohing her, spell-bound and eipk at heart, sounds soft and low as distant music. It would do inueea a most, degenerate man, one lost to all grace, who could dare to find a fault in that faultless form. ,, The man conversing with her now does not, at all 'events, come under this head, as his de votion is sufficiently marked to be seon by all ?who. will. Ho is a middle-aged 'gentleman; etput, and somewhat scant of breath, with the. commencement of a very respectable tonsure on th'o top of his head. Ho is, however, bending oVeriMiss Cassalet in a somi-loverlike atti'ude, and :ia apparently addressing her with all the ardour of youth. .'. ? ;?? ' Sir Brandrum Boileau,' says Miss Blake, seeing where Norah' b eyes are riveted. 'You know Katheriuo Cazalet, of course. Sho is considered the handsomest blonde in the king dom.: Stiokyj I call her; but then I'm ft heretio and don't love those beaux yeux of hers, in spite of their suintliness. Last season sho ?was staying1 with tho St. Lawrence's in Park lane, and went about a good deal with them, Bad after a bit sho became known as tho 'Virgin Mary.' Sho is no seraphic But if she is an angel, I confess I like tho other sort best, tho demons — I'm a demon !' .concludes she, pouncing, as it were, upon Kilgarriff, with quite a tragic note in her voioo. 'Oh, no!' Buys he, with a violent utnrt, and in a deprecatory tone. Sho laughs. ' Nn«7. Html! T tftll von ahnut the others?' she says to Norah . ' ' They are not of the least consequence, taking them us a wholo ; but I *Hppnso I had better put you up about them. That little wizcnedrlooking man over tlierois an author; he is all brain, no body. They nay ho Bold himsulf to tho devil half a centnry ago, consmtingto let hiH body go if his brain mijrht live for ever, and ho has been calmly dwindling eversinoe.' . -'I'-Hdlf a century ! He does it with care,' ««ys tho Duolie.is. Miss Blake looks at her ''; -with ?appreciation. ,.-?-?.? . , . ',. ''Ibegin tbhave qnito a respect for you,' ' .' sKivsaya to KMfrarriiF, notio I'opi.'and as that ., ' yoiing man of course fails to understand her, «he gives him a gontle but scornful push; ami tells him to bring Lady Glandpre to her aid, as MlsB'Delaney In proving too inuoli for her. .,.','' 'Ho is Buoh. a muff !' says , sho, i.whon ; he, obedient, has departed. 'After all, I dar.6 \- aay you were right' ' ' * ? ':- rt 'Right, how f' l ' ' 4'ln rof using him* j 'Oh! But how 36,. you know that?' Bays the Duohess, a little shocked. 'Why, he told me, of course,' says Miss Blako, witli charming unconcern. 'Sh 1 now ; here he comes. Ah ! Bless me, what an awk ward oreature it is.' For Kilgnrriff, in his eager hasto to return, stumbles helplessly over a littlo milking-stool in the way, and all but measures his length on the ground. ' What'B the good of your steaming up tho room at 20 knots an hour!'' demands tho Hon. Nauoy, half laughing. 'Where docs tho hurry come inP The day is always uncon scionably long, spread it out as much as you can.' Lady Glandore, who has come up to them, sinks laughing into her seat. 'Those littlo stools are tho most treacherous things imaginable,' she says, ' specially when they're black. One can hardly seo them ; and really of what wonderful use are they after all, that wo should keep them at the risk of endangering life and limb.' 'Well, I don't know; they havo their use, you know,' says Kilgarriff, regarding with a nobly forgiving glance the black and perfidious i stool in question. 'They give you tho free , use of both your hands. It was awful, long ; ago, having to hold your cup and youroake, .both. Now you can put your cup down and j eat your cake, or you can put your cake down iand eat your cup— or — er— ah ! — that ib ? ' ; ' Oh ! Never mind !' Bays Miss Blake. ; 'Is Nancy letting you into a few of tho mysteries?' asks Lady Glandore, in her soft,' jlow, ruther .drawling voice, turning to Norah. 'She is'very good at that sort of thing ; but I think Mr. Wylding is even, better. He iis the absurd-looking person, with sandy hair, at the end of the room; and that littlo tub of a woman on our right is his wife, but she doesn't count. At least ho, won't let her. 'No, poor little soul ! I often wonder why, she married him,' says a manjWith a dark; clenn-Bhaven face, who hud just, sauntered up r-Sir Philip Glaudore; us tho Duohess after wards discovers; ' I rather like her, iu spite of her, many delects.' - ; . : ,i . 'Why, yes,' says Miss Blake. 'She is better than some. I suppose he hud money. By-tho-by, who is he i' 'It doesn't matter in tho least, my good child, who anybody is nowadays ; it is what he has. He may be a button m&n; or a vendor of bricks, so long as he can pay his bills and en tertain the world at large. Talking of that, what has Wylding ?' ; ' . 'Fifteen hundred a year arid an infernal temper,' sayB Sir Philip placidly. ? 'That's his ?whole stock-in-trade.' , ' Bad for his wife, and not much for anyone else. If it be true what you say, what ai fraud the man is. He seems so specially ,sdciable and good-tempered, so exceedingly light in hand, Ah ! there is Denis. How severe he lookB.' 'Well, I always think I Bhould like Denis better if I weren't the least bit afraid of him,' say« Mies Bluke, who nover yet saw living thing she feared. ' How did you get on with him ?' suddenly turning to Norah. \- Thus addressed the blood seems to fly to Norah' b heart. She makes a little faint attempt as if to answer, but no words come. Miss Bluke, after a sharp glance at her, steps to the rescue. ? 'I see. He kept you in order as he does tho rest of us, and you don't like' to say so. A cousin, like a brother, is a true tonic ; unplea sant, but wholesome. C .rrectives, you know, are always nasty. Dear Denis,, it is a shame for me to say a word against him. It is a sin against my conscience, as I knuw no one I so sincerely like.' The Duchess involuntarily lifts her eyes to hew — a world of sad gratitude in their depths. If Miss Blako had wanted confirmation of her suspiciona, sho haB it now in full. A touch of genuine regret darkens her piqimntc face for a moment, and in that momont is born a very honest friendliness towards the slender creaturo by her side. Instinctively she lifts her gaze and turns it on Delaney, who is standing partly within the recess' of a window. Thus situated he is rather hidden from the goneral oye, and Miss Blake's direct glance falls upon him with out disturbing the direction of his own. . Was over despair more keenly expressed than in those dark eyes that are fixed with such a mournful yet impassionate intensity upon the Duchess ? They tell their tale to the attentive watcher — there is no need for further specula tion. That Denis loves this little dark now comer as he has never loved the handsome blonde — as ho lias never yet loved any one, as he will never love again— is as plain to Miss Blake — as if his own lips had said it. And now he' starts. His melancholy day dream is broken in upon by the approach of his mother, who conips up to him with radiant smile. 'She is charming. Quito a picture. Not ono word too much did you say,' declares sho with t.oft enthusiasm. ?'Was there ever snob a mouth, such eyes, and her pretty littlo hands ! I must manage somehow to take her to town next season and have her presented. She will be quite the fasJuon at onco, her colouring is so very original, and her manners so fresh. In fact, I predict all sorts of good things for her. She ought in my opinion to make a very oxcel lent marriage.' ' Dekny bites his lips. i 'How you .run away with thingsi' he says, n a tone more impatient than he ever uses with iis idolised mother. 'Here to-day— and— ilready married! Let her breathe a moment w two, poor child.' ' 'Ah,, well, we shall see,' says madam, raguely. The impatience, the touch of pain in Wvi forced smile, have not gono unnoticed by lier. ' As you siy, she is but a child.' Then she passes on quickly to greet another guest who has just arrived, and Delaney goes back to his unhappy contemplation of her ho loves. He has made a slight movement as his mother went by, and through it, his position has becomo more known to those immediately within his view. Two cold bluo eyes, uplifting themselves from the black ' and tan terrier, grow very earnest in their expression, aud watch him with a otudied scrutiny that denies tho power to cheat them. When sho has wir, riccsed his absorption for quite a minute, a' fine cold smile parts Miss Cazalefc'e lips. Lifting tho tiny creaturo on her lap, shb drops him deliberately,, and rather cruelly, with a certain force,uponthe ground. A squeal is the result of this mancbuvre,' and Denis, starting, looks in its direction, and straight into Miss Cozalet's eyeB. Something in them ohills him, but ho has.hardly time to decide what it is, when sho rises and moves nlowly to whore tho DucheBB is sitting, close to Nancy Blake, and talking to a young man, rAther stout and very closely cropped, who rejoices in an oyojrlass and tho shortest coat that docenoy will ' permit, and who seems gifted with quite a fund of licrht and airy converBe. Mibs Oazalet, having demanded very prottily, and obtained ah introduction to tho Duohess, stands by, listening to tho idle shafts of talk that every now and then reach her ear. ' I've run down for a week,' the stout young man with an inch or two of coat is saying, with a beaming smilo. 'Madam wrote mo word there was a garden party on for next week, eo I knew I was safe to meet Mrs. O'Shauithnessy, and an ehe is at present tho light of my eyes with all tho rest of it, I thought I'd come.' ' What a name !' says Mias Cazalet. ' Fine old IriBh name, I give you my word. There's, a good deal of it, I allow, but you can't havo too much, of a good thing. She says she is'descendod from a kino-, or a queen — or / several kings or queens — I really forgot. At all events, she is the one woman upon whom my affections are at present sot.' ' ' Don't bo oruel 1 What on oarth will be come of tho others f' says Sir Philip, 'Well, that's it, you Bee.! Whatw a fellow to do?' says tho stout young man— Mr. Greene. ' ' -??? r V.I hate garden parties— paltry things/' nays Miss Bluke., , , '.' I 'havo fixed my fondest hopes upon 'the fundy. dress hall to coino off later on. Which would you prefer f' turning with alittle friendly nir to Norah. ' ' .'Thoball,/I think,'1 'ea'yB nhe, half shyly It is an adorable shyness, that brings Mr. Greene tp'Her feet in ho time. : , . ., - ' : ;'rru(JttheDubhessf»rthat,'8aysKniorarriff. with a lingering glance at his old friohd .and 'playfellow*! .' ? ? '?''?? ' The Duohess ! ' repeats Miss Cazdlet in her clear, sweet voice, ' Is that hop' they call yriii'P'' ' . 'Dad- does,' says Norah, with a rather painful blush, — her voioe about a whisper. ' JfThe Dubhess!' A rathor-er-pronouhood soit of sobriquet, don't you tbinkP But of ooursa very appropriate,' with » polite eml but in a tone that rays plainly that the Duchess in question is in her opinion of very inferior quality' indeed. 'And a right good Duchess Wo,' says Kil garriff, resentful of this tone. 'No doubt,' says ipsaCazolet with a steady Bmile. '_' Has your Graoo any vacant place in your retdnuo that you might offer to a doserving varlnt!' demands Mr. Greeno humbly. 'If so, hero he BtandB. Any post, however low, would be gladly accopted. Soullion — turnspit — anything to serve you !' ' But that your rank precludes tho idea, you should feel honoured,' says Miss Cazalet, fix ing the girl's nervous, shrinking oyes with her own cold, mocking gaze. There is a sense of keen pleasure to her in tho agony of shyness that has overtaken tho poor littlo Duchess at thus finding herself tho central object of t.hi» unknown circle. 'Do you know,' Miss Cnziilet is just beginning afresh, some subtle cruelty upon her lips, whon there is a little stir behind her, and Denis, pale and stem, presents himself. Ho looks alone at Norah. 'My mother wants yon,' he saya, curtly, and drawing her hand within his arm, curries her away. Chapteb XV. The human heart, at whatever age, opens only to tUo heart that opens in roturn. ; However, the end of a woek brings too tho' end of Norah's shyness. Several things helped her to conquer this very natural minimise l,anln that had overtaken her on finuiug herself brought so suddenly in contact with such a number of strangers ; Miss Cazaiet's subdued but porfeetly. . unmistakable hostility for one thing— expressed by small impertinences and smiting sneers — and for another, Dulanuy's evident determination to protect her from it. This last, touched her prido must nearly. Hi« protection she would not have— she would uc cept no, help, from him of. any kind; there fore it behoved her to rouse herself, and win u way for herself oiit 'of her troubles. Very small, very hilly troubles no doubt, but oft. ii very cruet She hud plenty of spirit to ' bring* . to her own aid, ami : a. stput' littlo heart, auil ve/y soon, too, ehe min'e to, herself friends' oi. Lady Glandoro, who was amused by, her, and! of Nancy Blake, who honestly liked hor.^TheHO two friendships; greatly strong' honed her hands —specially in the matter 'of : Miss Blake, who' was always only too eager to jBccnt .battle, in thebreeze where KtiHiorine Cazalet was con cerned. ' '? ; ' ' \ 'A word with yon, Duchess,' -nays this young lady, seating lierdelf in'tho deep window recess of the room where. Norah is scribbling a a letter to her dad. 'We've sworn a friend ship, you und I — aud if I'm nothing else, I am '., at least faithful' to' my bond*. ''Now,' ns! to ' Kilgarriff, have you quite dono with him ?'? - ' ' What ?' ' colouring furiously. ' I — I doii' t think I understand you.' . : . ' Then why aro you growing so dreadfully red?' aak« Miss Blake, with a practicability that does her honour. ' However, if you want im explana ? ' ii'i 'No, no,' interrupts tho Duchess, in horrifiod hasto. ' Only —how did you know ?'. ?f Why, ho told me himself. Last summer— a month or two ago when I met him abroad. If,' laughing, ' you could only know how I once execrated your name. It , used to ring in/ my wretched ears morning, noon, and night. Young men in that stage ought to bo locked up until the paroxysm is ovor, or else givenover to the tormentors. I did my littlo best in that lasr, rfile. ' But — or — if you aro 6ure you have quite finished with that littlo affair— ' 'It was never an affair of that sort — never. I have known him all my life. I'm fond of him as a sister might be, but ? ' 'I Know. That sisterly touch is always fatal — to his hones, however — not mine. ''Well, is it a match!' says Greene. Well, I'm going to be fond of him, too,' she leans back in her chair and laughs softly but heartily, 'infant in all but years though he be. Was there over so absurd a boy '( It is a defect in my nature, no doubt, but I know this, I couldn't endure a master. They say .women like to be domineered over, kept down— that they find thoir real happiness in being governed by a spirit stronger than thoir own. If it bo so, behold in me the glorious exception to that rule.' ' 'Xes. But about Othbf' slightly puzzled. .'? What is it you mean to do about him f' .'Marry him,' promptly. 'As you assure me, you, my friend, have no tendrease in that l^UtlCWl. 4XLUA UUW, lIIV3t*7 IUCC, UUDW W1C1., good maiden. Have you forgotten it is the day of madam's garden party, and that already the county arrivoth. Come, lot me put you into your gown.' ? It is a day us beautiful us though it were bespoke, to quote the peasants round about here. Queen's weather of a verity, with a gleaming yellow sunshine that scorns to think of autumn, though already ono , begins to talk of golden September as though it was indeed here, so short a shrift has August now, before it drops into the greedy past. ;Tho DuoheaB, very lovely in a softwhifoi Indiau silk, one of madum's gifts, glides into the long drawing-room in . hor pretty girlish way, though with her charming head wull up; and becoming at onco conscious that some strangers aro proBont, grows faintly pink and hesitates, until madam calls to her in thetono she has learned to love. ' Come here, davling, just for one moment. The others aro for tho moat part outside, but I want to introduce you to a very old friend of your father's — of mine.' ?; Sitting near her is an old lady whom Norah had not until now seen— a stout old ludy with the orthodox corkscrow ringlets aud a largo, fat, most benevolent face. She seems, indeed, beaming with good nature, and us the Duchess draws near, rises, and laying both her hands on her shoulders, kisses her warmly. ' So this is tho little niece,' she says. ' A veritable and a very charming breath from tho old days. 'Sou are like your mother, my dear — a little, and sho was a lovely woman ; but your eyeB, your mouth— -. Ah! ray dear,' turning to madam, ' have you noticed it P Sho is so very like your husband. ' 'Tea, I nee it,' says madam iu a low, oon strained tone. Even now, of tor. all those years that have passud, that one unapproaohablo grief does not bear talking about. ;'I suppose your father, Niel Delaney — I suppose he nover told you about mo,' says the old lady, ntill holding Norah's hand very kindly, and smiling at her as though pleased by what sho sees. ' It is years ago, of courso. One may well bo forgotten. He did not speak to you of Mrs. O'ShaugnnenRy.' i 'Oh, ycii! Tes, indeed!?' says tho Duchess eagerly. 'Often. I think' — with an adora aiilo brash and a soft shy movement of her eye lids — 'he ueod to cull you Bussio.' ' ',' And bo ho did,' says Mrs O'Shaughnessy, plainly enohantod by this touch. 'And bo ho still ramoinbarH mo ? That's nioo now araongat old fr|ends, und.you must toll him from mo— when writing,' mind,' with a soft squeeze of her hand, ' that I remember him, too, as well as when I' was Bessie 'M'Gilliouddy. God bless you, my dear ; you aro a veiy sweet ohild. And now sit here by mo for a minute or two. I'd havo called on you long, ago; but I'm only just, back from Italy— yesterday, indeed — :and^ — ' '' ?? ' .';.', : At this instant somebody from behind lays his hands over Mrs. O'Shaughnessy's eyos and surprises her Into silonoo. Tho eome eome body still further adds to his offence by 'bestow ing a hearty salute upon her plump cheek. 'Now, Denis! And that's yourself* of course. Not another ono would have the audacity. Worso luok !' cried Mrs. O'Shaugh nesny. gaily disengaging herself. 'Pity it is, tho colonel isn't hero to see. Well, and even if I was 20 years younger, I daresay I wouldn't say no to that kiss, oven though I might pre tend to. Come, tell me everything ; it seems liko yoars since I saw one of you. When is tho wedding to bo, eh ? I'm young enough to danco yet, I can tell you. I'm not betraying secrets, eh?' smiling at Norah. 'You know of course of this cousin's,' laying her hand on Denis's arm, ' engagement F' ' 'Yes, I know,' s.iys Norah, steadily, who has grown very white. Delaney has turned away to the window, and is apparently lost in contemplation of the oxnuiinte view outside. What dreadful things i» this' kindly old lady going to say next, who would have bitten out her tongue rather than say anything— had she only known. 'We're getting quite impatient for a wed din ir, I must tell you,' hIio rattles on merrily. ' We havon'thad so much as a ghost of one in tho parish for tho last two years. Yon ' should come to the reaouo, Denis. Come, now, when is it to bo P' ' Is it a time for talking of marrying and giving in marriage,' replies ho, facing round again, and speaking with really a marvellous nonchalance, 'with wars and rumours of wnrs ufloatf ? Why, tho very air is thick with the odour of rebellion. Never has Kerry bean in sunh a di-uffeoted *tate.' ? I '?'?' Ivnrry ? Say Ireland, and be done with it,' says Mrs. O'Sliaiighuessy. ' ? ''Well, whom fault is it?' fays the Duohess [Buddonly, a little fircrily waking into lifiV '' Wlib cares for Irolan'l whether «ho mriinit or ' — sinks? Not England. She is a worry, a niusiinco ; no more. If, honourably, she could )bs got rid of, there wonlfln't'be a Becond's (dolny about .the disposing of her. . She is an ;incubns— a tiling at which to shrug the shoul der. But has shn cvi;r been shown fair pluj- ? 'Yuii kuow,' looking^' ate Dennis, ' T lm-vn alivavH mi id that p or Ireland has buen uli-jlited i— kept at a distance, as it wore-^whilat the 'rest of Great Britain, Scotland, notably, has [been petteil ad utwieaiH. And yet I am sure a ;little, a very littlo, lovo would have made her Wai to tho, backbone.' ' , - ? ; . ' There's « ri'lu'l for yon '.'.'. said Delaney, 'laughing, glad to an absurd degree in that [Hiiythiiur has led her to spontaneously address ;hiin a'-ain. . ., . ? i .. Lin-' ?-?? j ' Faith, there's a.deal of eons', though, in ? what sho snyH,' declares Mrs. O'Shaujjhrie.«sy;» shakiii); her ringlets, vigorously; 'ariirogood suiattcrinu of reason. Only tho day'H too hot jto follow it up. Lat us come out and see what 'our friends in tho open air are doing.' . ','., I..,;' , Chaptee XVI. Just when I seemed abuut to learn, ; Whero is tho thread now! Ollairoin! The old trick! Only I iliseern Infinite iKission, and tUu pain -? . ! : Oi infinite hearts that yuiuii. . I Not very much, when all is told. Tho day is too warm for that. A good deal flf tennis, a little sauntering amongst the late roses, 'a tremendous amount of lounging, and flirta tion at will. Tho afternoon flics by almost before ono remembers it has begun, and now everybody ie lying about, rather exhausted from doiuif nothing, and drinking tea, und champagne, and divers cups with an unfeigned appreciation of their merits. i Colonel O'Shaughnesfly, a large, florid, well bred looking man, with a dictatorial manner and the kindest heart in the world, is telling an old aud thrilling Indian tale (born of his years in Hyderabad) to a select company. His wife, at a fow yards' distance, ib jrivinir all the lociil gossip, collected since her return yester day, to a pale little woman, who seems rather upset by it. Some of our other friends are scattered around, and Mr. Greenc,: who makes no secret of his adoration, is lying prone at the feet of the Duchess. The colonel, haying ?brought his talo to a pitch that' is positively appalling, winds it up suddenly witnalV. the knowledge of a clever raconteur, 'and is'- re- warded by a silence that is half hysterical on the part of his female audience. ',.'', Suddenly says someone— the rectorV ;wife, I think— the little pale woman— ' Does anyone know how Mrs. Brady is to day? I heard sho was ill, but — — ' 'Yes, I colled thera this morning,' shouts Colonel O'Shaughnessy — ha alway» shouts more or loss. ' She's far from well. They told me she had been confined — -' Here a most inopportune fit of coughing- overtakos him. 'Confined? What are you talking about, colonel?' cries , his -vifo in condemnation. ' Why they havo only been mar ? '. , Providentially, at this moment, her cup Blips along its saucer in the nasty tceochcrous way oupB will at times, and Mrs. O'Shaughnessy makes a grab at it, fqigethil in her fear for 'the prune silk, of tho. astonishment and horror that possesses her. ' ' Confined to her bed with a bad coldj' roars the colonel, in a voice suggestive of murder, and with a' complexion poutively apoplectic. 'There is. a dead pause; then somebody whispers something into Mrs. O'Shaughncesy's ear, who appears bewildered, and somebody; else gives an indignant kick to Mr. Greene's .recumbent form, who is plainly on the vorge of hysterics. ., ' ?'A bad cold,' persists tho colonel, wildly. 'Called there— saw her ! Nothing worse than that, I give you my honour.' The 'nothing worse than that.' is the. last straw, and finishes Mr. Greene, who explodes with laughter, and. then rolls over and bites tlie daisies in a last vain endeavour to restrain his ungodly enjoyment. But Mrs. O'Shaugh nesay, who has at last mastered the real inclin ing of tho thing, evidently eees_ no reason for restraining anything, and leaning back iu her ohair 4'ives way to mirth. 'And is that it?' says Bhe; 'bless me, what a mistake I made ! ' And off Bhe goos into an unli-nitad number of cackles, until she shakes again. Then Mies Cazalet is seen to draw gently near, and as mirth has a trick of dying out in hor presence, onco more a decorouB tniuqhility holds sway. . Mr. Wylding, the author, is with hor. ' One can see I soribble,' ho is saymjf, in his delightfully soft voioe, ' Yet when people look at mo thoy sometimes hesitate (it' is a com pliment, I asnure you) ; I am always charmed with it, and I can almost hear thorn »ay, ' ho is like it, of course, but ho is not so ipiritud as I imagined. And yet ? .' You can road tho rost for yourself. In it not P It is all in my nose, I think,' with a delicious frankness, 'which in of a goodly length ; ' and in my upper lip— have you notiood my upper lip? — which is distinctly eii suite.' ' . .. :Ml('s CiizaTet murmurs rorae inanity or other, quite unworthy of her, her 'mind being with her eyes, which are far away across' tho shaven lawn, where stands Polanoy.' Ho is conversing with . someone— rBho oannot Bed whom — but- someone inwhito; Presently ho movesia little, and her pulses grow Kioto evon or she, »eeB that the woman in white ig not — Norah ! ; : i A voice at her elbow makes, her start. . i'Cah I do anything for you, Duohew?' The voice is Lord Kalgamff's, and Miss Caza lot, looking' abruptly round, finds that Norah is sitting almost exactly behind her. 'Eh! what?' says the Duohess, with, a rather absent air, turning to Kilgarriff. . It is plain the tone, not tho words, have reached her oars. ' MifisDelaney — why this abstraction P' cays Mr. Greene, in accents mildly reproachful. 'Aro all wo nothing to you, that you thus wander into realms of phantasy? Comeback, como back, I entreat you, to solid earth, and ceaso to tread in spirit immaterial space.' Norab, thus importuned, turns upon him a smiling face. ' I have been thinking,' she says, ' That I should like to play one bet ? ' 'With mef' exclaims ho rapturously, scrambling to his feet. 'Consider it done. Now to find two others on playful thoughts intent.' 'I was just wishing fora game myself,' says Miss Cazulet amiably. ' ' What do you say ? You and Miss Delaney against Mr. Wylding and me ?' ' I should be fio charmed — so too delighted,' says Wyldinjj, ' but there in this ono trifling obstacle to, my bliss. I don't play.' ' 'If I' might aspire ? ,' . simpers .Sir Brandruin, turning a languishing eye upon'tho hlonde be-iuty. ???;? ?'- ' ?. 'To what?' asks Groerio, innocently.' 'To — er— to be Miss Cazalet' s partner in projected gameB of tennis,' replies the baro not stiffly ; and then in a/lower tone addressed to the tall fair goddess at his sido, ' Oh ! that I dared nspire to moro— to all.' ?'?? t] MissCazalet sweaps.her cold eyes 'across his; face, with an insolence indescribable. This' man — thin old man — topresume to hope that sho will throw over '/entry und Denis for him ! ' 'Well, is it a match?' says Greene, look ing.at her with a dry twinklo in his eye. ? ' !. ''If, you will,' returns Miss Cazalet in-. ; differently, iguoringhis evident meaning; 'Sir Bnmdrnm, un you know, is an excellent — in- deed ? ,' ?withaslowglnnceatthounfortunate baronet from under her half cloned lids, ' We might safely say an old hand at it,1 and I ? ' ' You are indeed an cnamy to fear,' says Greene, wilh a bow — Miso Cnzalet being the acknowledged head of tho women players in tin county. 'Still if you will doign to give us a beating, I think Miss Delanoy and I would like to receivu it.' v Norah, catching bis eye, laughs a littlo. As it happeus, Katherine and sho havo never yet played one against the other, and though com ments., on the tennis courts have reached .Katherine' scare, sho had treated such praise as ?a pitiful truckling to the beauty that even she ?confessed to see. ', . When theref jre the sots came to an end,' ileavinjr the Duchess flushed delicately and un deniably victress, there comes a light into Miss Cazalet's pale blue eyes hardly to be admired. She has been overthrown in public places by 'this her foe. '? 'You have triumphed to-day in this' mutter,' she says in fi soft undertone, looking with a smile into Norah's largo dark eyes. 'It is a sign, you think, an indication that yon will triumph always ! But I tell yon no.' ? Tho delicate flush dies out of Norah's cheeks. She grows very pale. It is impossible to mis understand what lias been said, what has been1 meant. Has this girl — who towers above her like her evil genius, white and fair though she be: — can she have guessed her crnel secret ; has she pierced into her soul and read there the love that was reared in pain, and yet thrives with a vigour, that defies all hope of death? This sudden fear blanches her cheek, but through it all there rims a horror of the coarsenefcs that has permitted such words to b-- spoken. ' Always to triumph ? No,' she eays coldly, and with admirablo self-possession. ' That 'is given to few — to none perhaps. And there are days' I confess when my serving is a very lamentable failure ' 'Miss Cazalet, I think Madam Delaney wants vou — if I mi'i'ht ha Ticrmittwl f' pn.v» Sir Brandram at this instant, who generally speaks in half sentences. Katherino moves away with him, that curious light still within her eyes, and Norah, feeling tired, dispirited, heartsick, turns round and walks aimlessly in the other direction. In tho centre of the path she has ohosen, she sees Dents, and as ho moves a littlo to one side to let her pass, ho loeks full at her with a kindly smile. If sho sees it sho makes no re sponse to it, and only acknowledges his presence thero by a littlo faint bow. Then she has passed him. And then a second later sho knows ho is beside her, bonding down a little as if trying to look into her face. ' May we not be friends, my littlo cousin ?' asks ho gently. Sho can see that he is pale, and that thero is a great weariness in his miser able eyea. ' Friends ! Why that we are, surely,' re plies sho, her glance upon the ground, after that one swift upward look that is now hurting him so fiercely. 'I think not. Ifearnot. Everything,' sadly, ' is so changed. At home, there, in Bally hinch, where first we met, you were aodifferent.' ; 'Ah, there I was in my father's house,' with a desperate effort at serenity. ' Then it behoved me to bo civil to my father's guest.' The words fall from her like' stones. ' Oh, why must they be said ; what evil fate has thrust tnis burden on her. JJut pride, pride, what is it a woman will not sacrifice for that? 'What do you wish me to understand ?' asks he, growing, if possible, a shade paler. ' That all those sweet days thoro, were a mere wearying of tho flesh to you? That you suffered me indeed, but that no honest feeling of friendship towards mo — that' feel ing,' hotly, ' to which I would have sworn — evor existed in your breast. Norah ! Ib that tho truth ? Is that your meaning f' 1 ; ' Tako it as you will,' says she icily, al though her lips are trembling. ' You should not have asked the question.' '. They had stopped in the centro of a grass plot, rather deserted at tho moment, xmCL now she lookB restlessly past him, and from side to side as if seeking mutely a way of escape. I ' I trouble you. You would leave me,', he says, unutterable despair in his tone. ' Aslio speaks he moves a littlo to . one side, as though to let her p»8s. ?..''?..'. ; '' No, no. You1 must not think that,' mur murs she faintly. She lifts her gaze to his, and he can see that, all at onco as it were, the combative look has .gone from her eyes. Riven' as he was' with counter emotions he can see that. 'Norah!' ho exclaims, in a low piercing tone, catching her hand.. ' , ' . ', , . i And then it is all over, and nothing is left him but the remembrance of tha frown— the passionately contemptuous glance of those grey eyes — tho harighty curl of the lips. Sho is hali way across tho lawn now, moving quiokly, as if a little frightened, to whore Kilgarriff is standing. There is something in her whole air that seems to Dolanoy — standing thero, white, angry, strioken— suggestive of a desire for help, for protection ! To protcot her from bin.. In that lies the sting — tho bitterness of it. And to go to Kilgarriff of all men! Whiit,, after all, if that old friendship was ripening into something warmer. If — oven as she had rof imcd him — tho divine Rpurk that lies in every heart had broken into flame. How ofteu does a foolish child, frightened, puzzled, by some strange new experience, answer at random, scarce knowing its own mind. And yet — and yet — . How could he forget. Onco again sho stands upon tho stepping stones —once again, Bhe . sways and trembles—- and once again — alas ! alas ! for tho mournful sweetness of a past moment never to be known again — she is within his arms. She lies upon his breast ; willingly, he feels and knows ; against his heart hor heart beats. , And then the pretty head thrown buck, tho eyes — such eyes — look- ing with tlmr. swift, shy rapture into his. It is momentary glance indeed — a fla*h. But, oh ! what a world of tender lovo it holds ! Yop, sho loves him. That one sweet glauoe had betrayed her. Though twenty thousani demons yelled tho contrary in hiH car, he would not beliovo it. So fair a building could hold within it no blot, no falsity. A thrill of pas sionate joyoumess strikes him, as memory holds him captivo at her will ; and then nil lit omie she releases him, and the present stands cold and bloak beforo him, withont hopoor ohanco of escape from the thraldom into which he has sold himnolf, not knowing ; thero is Norah, a littlo way off, smiling into Kilgnrrirl's foot1, a touch ot positive relief on her lovely faoo. He fools stunned, inanimate. How can ho go on like thin '- how livo out tho long life before him ? Ho rouses himself angrily, but fails to shake ofT the dread depression that has seized upon him. It is absurd, ridiculous, he knows ; yet somehow ho feels frightened at , tho length of, days Btratching out before his monta View ; daya oolourleaa, yerdurelei», void 61 dow, or any other graoibus visitation. What la Wr1 what has happened to him P {To it continued.) 