AN INNOCENT ELOPEMENT. BY M. E. HOLAHAN. A winter gloaming, but soft and grey. A stretch of eastern couutry open aud wooded, high sud low, level and broken, beautiful iu summer, but just now deeply hidden beneath a mantle of snow, aud above it hanging a dome snow- laden. A faint western wind stirring the orchard's great desolate heart, and filling its aisles with uncanny whispers. From au invisible somewhere gaunt shadows s'ealing forth and reaching out their cold, bare anus to darkly embrace a rambling, old-fashioned homestead inansion. Ever unwinding and gaining volume as they approached, those spectral shades silently stalked into a quaint, low-ceiled apartment before whose open chasm of a fireplace stood a young girl. * She was in appearance almost a child, slim as a youthful tamarisk, and gracofal, with a face sweet, round, frosh, daintily tinted, but hardly up to the classical ideal of beauty. A face tenderly/temptingly, daringly lovable, yet wondrous sad, withal, in its present repose.^ Red fiamos ' suddenly broke from a smouldering log. Scarlet arro A S, with Rembrandt effect, pierced the enroaching gloom, forcing its. retreat and softly kissed thatgirlish face,those 4rpamy,_veiled.eyes and two little hands idly falling do wu aud lightly clasped before her in an attitude of .unconscious grâce. . Her dress extended high to the warm throat, and, loosely confined at the waist by an artistic knot of ribbon, fell straight .down io her slim feet in folds of soft whis cashmere. With that halo of light upon her, and , ?under fheJspell of deep thought, she re- sembled strangely the carven image of a, devout, rapt yoong saint cut from Cairará : marble of thc niinitíatúré of an introspec- ' 'live Aphrodite in Parian ¿tone. No wonder a man coming up the walk paused Just outside the w]udowan iuetaut with bated breath then slowly resumed his ; way with something very like a sigh of pajn. : As if his glance had pierced her armour of pain : . *I wish it was over,'she murmured, pressing her small fingers close together in au agony of self-restraint ; then sudden- ly flinging them apart With a passionate I gesture, ' or I wish I had uever carne, or that I was dead, or that-oh, Goi ! bow I wish- But-hah-i'-a «mile-of contempt drooping her sweet-lipped mouth at the corners. ' What use- to wish? Oh, this ! gnawing pain at my heart ! This burning dryness of my eyes. To-morow, on some pretext, I must go home, else I shall go mad ; but to-night-' Ay, to night « What of it ? ' " Could she only have foreseen the events in the darkness of that night, would she i have couuted on tho morrow thus ? f The banging of a distant door, then the souud of someone approaching. An instant her heart stood still with a vague, indefinable hope, a wild, yearning fear. Could it ba Paul ? Paul Granleigh, her cousin, hor kine among men, yet who iii la few. hours would be the husband of another woman 1 Ah, no, she had seen him ride away in the early gloaming. When he returned to his ancestral home -rwell, she. would not bß here. Like' a thing caught ia guilt, ¡ she. glanced hurriedly around for an avenue of escape, as step sounded in the corridor j outside. j A firm, yet light step, and presently the door was flung ajar, admitting a tall young man, and with him a frosty breath from the outer world. 1 ' Behold, our steeds prance at the door. Haste lo the wedding/ he cried grandilo- quently. Then, as his pleasant eyes take in that sole, silent occupant :'.'* ' Trick,' coming forward, 'you look like a great wax doll constructed after the: Greek. Whore on earth'-a man's usual scoff at woman's artistic dress- love-' did you find that babyish affair ?' She shot him a glance of overwhelming scorn. ' That babyish affair,was found at Red- fern "s, and cost dad more money than your- self and your prancing steeds are worth, Sir Ignorance. Como, that's a good boy' -in sweet, laughing tones-' fetch my wraps from yonder sofa, and-* ; ï Oh, na hurry !' flinging himself iute a phâir npar. ' The governor, your respected uncle, and the lucky piro of your humble servant is still swearing over an aggra- vating cravat. I heard him as I stole past hts room. As it is nearly six hours to mid-; By Jove,old mau !' his eyes sud fienly lifting- to a tall form in the dbor way. ^eofced, eh ? WnavVnu 1' His brother slowly entered. 'I forgot my purse, aud-well, you know one cannot expect to do Europe on his wediiiug tour with empty pockets!' with a low, mirthless laugh. ' I left it in my room in some place. Will you fetch it while I warm up, Errie F ' Well, seeiug it's your night of doom, yes ; but'-with a heart free laugh-« * jou're pulling a mighty long face, old mau, for a prospective groom! Cheer up. Life is short and full of chances. Ma belle will be in a duce of a temper if you dou't cultivate a happier look for tho alter.' When the door had closed upon him, Paul turned to his slim, white-faced cousin. 'Let me look at you,' he exclaimed, devouring her with his dark eyes. ' Here, where we have been so happy together, let us part; and after to night, it will be best for both if . God never lets me see your tempting face again.' Thrilling and chilling alternately, she stood before him voiceless and motionless under his intens« passionate eyes. ' You do care/ tie continued mechanic-, ally. ' 1 never dreamt you did until to- night. I saw you through the window, ! and I-I read* your faco. Ch, Trick, Trick ! if only we had met earlier, when! was free, and you--' 'Hush!* she cried passionately. 'Ara you human to torture and insult me so ' Forgive nie. I-I am mad, I thiuk, Goodibye. He turned unsteadily to leave the room. He-paused, aud coming back stood befo ra' hen Hts face was calm, but somehow suggestive of fierov restraint. Hewasa strong man with ^strong passions; and possessing an iron will to control them ' Will you sing for me that song ,you¡ Sang when first you came to visit us The asked. * I have a presentiment that it! will be the last timo I shall ever hear your voice, and I want to remember it. ? It was a pity to forget the sweetest thing one i ever heard, would it not, little oue?' A dry sob rose in her throat. . Beatrix; Evelyn was childish iu appearance only. Choking- down her misery, she -jturuedj to the piano near. Quiveringly ftt first, her sweet voice rose, then went steadily on to the end. - '"Tis ill to break, the bands that God : decreed to bind, Yet still are we the children of the heathax and the wino : Though far away from home, oh, 'tis still : tor you and me, . That the broom is blowing bonny in that . . north oountree." ' 1 'rn afraid you'll have to do Europe oh trust, old mau,' exclaimed Eick, entering. *I can't find your ' filthy lucre !' ' '. *I will go and find it myself, then,' turning as he stood on tho threshold, 'good-bye,' he said. ' It begins to snow. See that Beatrix is well wrapped, Errie.' . Then Jie was gone, and Trick slavered. 'I'll be blamed if he ain't more fit.for a lunatic asylum, than a bridal tour,' grain lod Rick. ' Well, I can imagine pleasanter positions than carrying the pug dog, and receiving tho sarcasm of my future sister* ! in-law, can?t yon, cousin thereP' Trick made no return in words, and j was strangely silent during the long drive to Eaton Pines. It was a whim of the whimsical, wealthy bride that the wedding should be performed at midnight, but on their arrival dancing was in progress. About ten o clock Bick came up to Ids consin. There was a somewhat troubled look on his pleasant face. ] ' I have a message-a telegram for you,' he whispered.. ' One of our servants'just bronght it over. Come into the conserva- tory and roan it over.' It was from a prominent doctor in New York: 'Your father dangerously ilL Come immediately if you would see him alire.' , With à low cry she lifted ber eyes to Ettie's face. She swayed, and would have fallen had not someone caught her. It was Paul, She hardly heeded, but Errie briefly explained. . .' I will drive her over to the station,-' he said. ' We can catch the midnight train/ . . ' Yery There is no use speaking about it; it would but create a disturb- ance, and I «an easily explain afterward'. Hitch Black Boss into my cutter, Errie; quick as possible, She isa safe animal.' A few minutes, later, wrapped in furs to the eyes, and nearly distracted, Trick was lifted into the waiting cutter. Errie was about to .accompany her, when his mother called' him aside, and both re- turned to the, ; house,, only one . returning a moment later. . Even through her anxiety she felt grieved. Why had Paul so oooly parted with herí , » Bushing to her eyes, the tears froze there. She had no desire to speak, and Errie apparently was in the same mood. Silently and tediously they drove against the ever increasing storm'. Wilder and more furious it became, deeper and more drifted the snow. '? We shall never get there ]', cried Trick wildly, 'It must oe near midnight Aud her tortured mind weut hack to the mansion long left behind. In a few minutes Paul would be married, perhaps. Perhaps he was married already. Behind her iu life lay tho rojght-have-beou of happiness. Before-God, what was be- fore P Her beloved father Black Bess had stood still as if be- wildered. Through a grove near the wiud moaned iu painful Accents. ' Ar? we lost, Errie P' she cried. ' Why don't you speak P Why-' He leaped from tue cutter and went quickly forward. Black Bess stool quivoriug in her tracks. Presently he returned to her side and stood there, the wind howling and dri- ving about them both, the snow falling fast and faster. 'It is .useless. We can go no further; she has lost the road,'he said. At the voice Trisk uttered a cry-and tore the veil from her face. ' Paull' she criod. . Whore is Errie P Why did you do this mad thing P' ! ' Because I was mad. I wanted to see you, to'say a last word before we parted -forgive. Forgive me.' ' Whore is Errie P' 'Locked safely np in tho cloakroom unless they have liberated him before this' -grimly. ? What will you do?'-dazedly. 'You cannot bo back by midnight to--' .. *I had not intended to. Indeed, I am not. sure ! «ver intended going back at all . But a marriage can be postponed, a 'death cannot. I knew if it were possible for anyone to get you to Z nd wick in time for the midnight express I could. I have failed -lighting a match to seo his watch face, and speaking in a kind of biltor despair. 'It is half-past twelve, and,' he continued passionately, ' I am glad I am hot married--glad I am with you, darling, come what, may.' « Hush ! Oh, what will I do ? What eau I do ?: What will they all say of me ?' ' They wiil not dare to say a word of you '-fiercely. ' ' i-^l -wish We would both die herc to-night. We would at least be together J No one could part us. But although it is wild and stormv, it ie not. cold, a&d; there is no such luck as freezing in «tore for us.' » You must go back,* she cried wildly. * Yon musí go back. I Command it. Take Black Bess, and leave me here. You have wrouged me enough already. I:< forbid yon staying hero.now. Go, gu! And pray God l" may never look upon, your face again.' AU his .mad entreaties were of no avail. She oiíly. ' repulsed and bade him leave her.' Bow that long night under the shelter of an overturned cutter was spent Trick Evelyn never forgot, but ni ways shuddered when she spoke of it. But after what seemed an eternity she thought sh'è heard voices calling at a great distance ; then down she weut into the darkness of death. w * W * » W A - month later in her father's New York house, she reclined on a couch, very palo, wan, and frail, but with a look of .centeaton her sweet face. Her father had but just- left the room when a servant ushered iu another mau -none other than Paul Gumleigh, but, from tho awf al «vents of that awful night, the ghost of hu former self. With a blush, Trick held ont her hands; then, as he gladly took and held them iu his, burst into a storm of tears. -«And- they thought we had sloped that papa's illness was only a trick,' she isaid, later. 'If they had found .Errie 'before midnight-before Miss Eaton, in that fit; of anger, married her music master, how different it wonld have been for us.' 'Perhaps it would, and spoiled our lives,- my pot'-softly. * Sweetheart, I shall always t hink L was mad that night, and,' he fcoutinued, softer yet, ' bless my madness!' 