THE GHOST OF ROYAL DEN' Roval Dene is a very pjerfect specimen of an Elizabethan mansion. It is situated in a fine park of over two hundred acres, in one of the midland's counties, and has somewhere in the grounds a. dilapidated ivy-mantled wall, which was—or, at least, people said : so—the ruin, of a Norman keep. Royal Dene had been for Some time in the market irhen it iwas bought as it stood, with the sut rounding' estate,; bv Mr. Timothy liiggins, exceedingly wealthy, respectable,, and not particularly vulgar man, for the round sum of £70,000. Mr. lîiggins had made his fortune in the humble, if estimable, profession of soap-boiler ; after having passed his youth and middle age in close attention to business, he fourni him self at sixty a millionaire, and experienced the not unnatural desire to place ! himself, his buxoui wife, his two sons and three daughters, in that station of life to tyliieh they had not been born, and to which 'they unanimously aspired with the eager longing of the Peri at the gates of Paradise. \ The two sons were in ! the army, both in India, where they spent lajrish allowance vrjith a lavish . hand : the eldest daughter had married too early to participate in the elvation of her family ; the two others, Susan—now, by common consent called j" Susannah "—and Elfrida, the youngest, werje at home ; and it was to secure for them an (eligible—read titled —settlement in life that Mr. Biggins strained every nerve, and had sunjk capital in Royal Dene. The investment jbade fair to bé a remunerative one. | I London society had been in different to] if not contemptuous of, the soap-boiler's wealth, and the aspirations consequent thereon. " His name," said a fashionable leader of ton, who would gladly have countenanced his magnificent balls and eaten his luxurious dinners —'"his name is so much a jainst Ihim ; otherwise he might, be asked—lie is really quite present" 1 - 1 -^ " . Tbooiliv vrLo was shrewd, did not waste time in breaking hi head against a stone wall, tut quietly, through the agency of a gentlemanly solicitor he had the wit to employ, tried tl îe country, bought Royal Dene, a place with a name 1 as good as his was bad, and set up as ajcountry gentleman. The country had in former days been in the hnbit of cilling on Roval chequered destinies of this fine domain, and made no-difficulty about falling 011 the new proprietors, for taking it grj mted that to posess . such a.place at all was a pissport of respectability.; accepted the Big:fuses' invitations, i and after a fashion returned them. But Timothy. lJiggius, still adv sed by the gentle- ; manly solicitor, was- especia.lv great in having borne parties—collected from afar a little at random with small hopes of return, but with" ; tlie security that those remote guests would accept Royal Dene on its orn merits, and ask nn questions as to the length of his ownership. : There were house-warming? at Christmas, a gay fortnight at Easter and September brought a succession of guests ready to shoot the coverts and thin the preserves. Youn«- men of good address were ai tending to Susannah and flirted with Elfrida ; and as a sign of the social prosperity of tlie rainily, it uiay be noted that the Misses Biggius bad : already refused several offers which fo rmerlyi would ïiavé satisfied their h-'ghest ambition, j Yet the Bigginses were not happy ! Royal Dene was, it is tru<|, a princely habitation, It boasted of a s one of the innumerable Dene during the imbre four-poster. be Is in which that itinerant sleeper, Queen Eliza beth, had reposed ; it had worin-eaten tapestries. carved oak black with age, monumental fireph ces. and obscure recesses—things abhorrent to Mrs. Biggins, who only retained them beca ise tolil to do soj and had found consolation from the antique by furnishing a set of rooms in bright crimson and gold on the authority of a West End upparterres, pleas- bolsterer. Royal Dene had aunces, but Royal Dene lacked a ghost ! It so happened that at : he beginning oi their occupation, Mrs. Biggin s and jher daughters werej very fond of showing off j the liouse and eliciting exclamations ol admiration and wonderment from their guest; ; ; but! they found it difficult to answer a constantly recurring remark, 'Now, do tell us about your (ghost !' 1 We bave not one,* cheerfully and gratefunanswered Mrs. Biggins, who was superstitious and to wboni Royal Dene, as it was, gave ' the creeps.' , 1 j O, impossible !' «rîed Lady Adpla Featherstone. ' This top delightful old house must be haunted !, All such places are —all the old families have their mysterious legends.' 1 Why, this house would be no house ; it all without its çhost !' ! j ' My dear child,' somewhat superciliously interrupted the Countess of Li tndermarks, Lady Adela's mother, ' our ' hostef s—nbt belonging to the original old family of Royal Dene S not perhaps conversant wit 1! thé hereditary traditions.' - * jO, indeed !' . promptly inieriupted Eltrida. * Wle "have been here quite long enough to know all about our place.' ; j * {Possibly, my dear,' sai 1 the Countess who| rented s furnished hoi tse in London * possibly,' and the matter dr< pped. Bat the necessity of ownin g a (family ghost ms jhenceîorfcb so impressed * n js31 the Bigginses that they began to look upon the £70,000 «pent on Bojal Dene ass dead loss if they could not produce thé spectra I visitant whose labsehce stamped them as o imisjtakably new people. Susannah and Elfrii la read ap books of folklore, they made tlie old ; village crones gossip, and at the end of ja few months, with the connivance of their jpareuts, they began casually to mention weird [and uncanny roises heard in tlie west wing; jto speitlt iVitli bated breath of stealthy Midnight Steps in the west corfidiuS rtf dickering liglite in a couple <if uninhabited rooms (set apart for that purpose), and of a faint transparent figure seen issuing therefrom. Very soon the servants, swore they had seen and heard these Manifestations, and their terror corroborated the tale with such efifaît that a real Royal Dj'ne ghost was introduced to the world under the laboriously concocted name of the "Gray Visitation" as haunting the western corridor. It may be that eventually the owners of the mansion believed in the myth ; at any rate, they met all sceptical or cynical incredulity as to its exisfruce with extreme indignation, and averred that no one in the place would go near 'these rooms' after nightfall nfc anvj price. They discouraged foolhardy proposals made by bold strangers to sit up all night and r<j>ut the Gray Visitation from its quarters, hinting at some dark fate which might befall the j family if the ghost was roused to ire aud made to walk abroad. [ One month of November. Rovnl Dene was full of guests : among the victors was young Lord Denisdale, noble as a crusader, penniless as a mendicant friar. He was honestly in love with Elfrida, who returned his affection, and would have married him off-hand had her father consented. But the old commercial instincts of Timothy Biggins did not consider the solitary assetji of rank sufficient in the matrimonial contract, so he hung back, equally un willing to finally dismiss a lord as to give his daughter to a pauper. The course, of the love affair did not run quite smoothly, and thelovetnaking w.*js carried on by stealth at odd moments andj in odd corners, when the watchful soap-boilei was off his guard. The young people trusted to their own perseverance and to the pref tige of the title to finally win their cause. Su'sannîh was in her sisters secret, and all the more ndulgent as she herself nourished matrimoni il plans of her own. She had a strong le; ning towards the Hon. Algernon Forsythe.inother of her father's guests, aman of the world, not absolutely in the hey-day of reckless juvenility, but voung-looking, handsome, adu irably groomed from the topof his shining bhek head to the tip of his varnished boots ; h s hands were the softest, his teeth the white; t, his moustache the curliest of any the home party. Some envious 'old friends,' if is true, maliciously hinted that the Hon. Algernon would not see fifty again, but, as Susam ah remarked to Elfrida, 'That is preposterous, and untrue on the face of it : why, he has iiot a grey hair in bis head, and he carries h 11 self far better tbat all those slouching boys •lu'rtcr even than your Denisdale.' No, nit that,' answered Elfrida ; ' but he is very nice and beautifully dressed. His valet told Milner m the housekeeper's room that his chambers are just wonderful to behold— his dressing-table is a marvel of daintiuess ; Milner ca talogued all the silver mounted brushes and sceui -bottles for my benefit while she was dressing tue this morning. Did ; he tell you nothing else, dear? Well, much as I like Mr. Forsythe, I would not marry hi 11 if. he was forty, much less fifty. Indeed, le knows what I think of disproportionate u îarringes, for be asked me—after tenill's—smiling and showing all his beautiful teeth, whether eight years was too great differenc • in the ages of a man and his wife. And what did you say -?' Well that a man of thirty-five was n most suitable larti for a girl of twenty- four.' Youi age : I hope he twigged. Papa is sure to c jusent, you lucky girl ! While I— Fancy, never could get a word with dear George £ ince breakfast !' Are ;-ou going to meet him this evening ?' Yes, ifi I can. As soon as you begin to play you • serenade after dinner we'll slip off to the haunted rooms for half-an-hour, as usual. What si ould we have done but for that blessed ghost ? Xo wonder families have them -, they are useful.' 'Be careful, Elfy. Mr. Forsythe has the last visit îr's suite in the corridor close to the haunted rooms, and his valet has the small room opposite. He preferred those this time —1 forgft for what reason : something about sruokin^ or his having men close to him ; anyhow. lie is there.' 'Ob, le won't interfere. He would not dis- turb a gltost. I heard him say he believed in piritual manifestations, and held them too sacii'd fo mortal interference ; besides, there is the rel baize door between the habitable portion of the gallery and the ghostly one.' The h jiunt of the Gray Visitation was a large apartment opening into a small closet without ï uy other issue of its own, divided bv a thick p irtition-wall from tbe bedroom of Mr. Forsythe Some antique furniture remained undisturl ed therein—heavy chairs, a cabinet, a fire-pl.' ce, and a brass suspension lamp covered v itli dust and inexpressibly gloomy, but afforc ing the lovers a safe trusting-place as ttliey s: t hat in hand, careless of the surrounding;, and whispered soft speeches and unchangii ig rows of fidelity. Last 11 ght Susannah plaved her serenade m vain.. Mr. Timothy Biggins buttonholed Lord Den isdale, and Elfrida saw the baud of the clock nove round towards eleven without a chauce ( f escape. The signal for breaking up the paity was given, but, reckless with hope deferred, £ h<; contrived to say a few words to George as he bade her good-night. When all is quiet I shall go to the west wing ; me >t me on tbe top of the! stairs.' It had just struck twelve when Elfrida, in a soft uni usUing gown and heelless slippers, met her lo 'er at the entrance of ;the corridor. coming frim the opposite side.! Denisdale was expeciing her, and they stole on tiptoe to the haunt* 4 rooms. The young girl suddenly stopped, î nd, wildly clutching her lover's arms, whifjpered faintly— • ' Look--lçok ! what is that ?' ! : Under t ie door of the haunted room a gleam of unèarth y light shed a lurid ray across the dark oake 1 floor, and at the same time a strong smell like sulphur floated on the air, which seen ed laden with a misty vapour. It was no deception of Elfrida's senses—they both saw i<, both smelt jit.. Involuntarily both felt that so né dread presence was there, claiming the tei ritory fictitiously 'attributed to it, arid guardi ig its entrance, j Denisdale, however, ralliée. v ; J'lt is some infernal triclc,' lie whispered; 'We are îild. But I will find out; stay here.' Am I, segatdless lof Elfrida's detaining hand, he talked to the «door «f the haunted shamber, aid attempted to enter. For thé "ist time since Royal Dene had ' changed ids it wi paused irresolute, i Elfrida joined him. JThey listen Bd—à faint rustling isoand Was heard, which soon ! itibsidgd, and a deep-drawn sigh floated on tliejair. George put his ere to the keyhole, and with difficulty smothered an exclamation 5 lie had seen a white-shrouded figiire apparently touching before the hearth, on which a pale flame burnt. Before be eofild prevent her, Elfrida had stooped al^o, and gazed on the same Vision, only as she looked the figure, without turning round, lifted a long white finger with a warning and threatening gesture. With a hysterical cry sbe dragged her lover away, and, half-fain ting with terror, she rushed into her room and threw herself on the bed, burying her face in the pillows. Miluer, who had been dozing ir. the dressing-rooui, came to her, and exclaim id— ' Why, lor, Mis s ! what's the matter ?' Elfrida turned to bur. ' Why, you're as white as a corpse! One would think you'd seen a ghost 1' ' I have—I have J* cried the girl, losing all self-Conti'oi and sdbbitig Violently, ' Not him ? Not the Grey Wisitfltian, Miss?' ! ' Yes, Milner, ye This imprudent admission, which Elfrida would fain have recalled the next morning, when a few boms' sleep and tbe cherry sun light somewhat restored her composure, had been somewhat con uientedon in the serrants' hall, where the s tor y of the apparition became at once highly coloured. The Honourable Algernon's valet briught it to his master with his shaving-water, and when Mr. Forsythe came down to breakfast he found it the only topic of couversatioù. With his acknowledged leaning towards the supernatural, it was only natural to find bin much interested. When he had ascertained that Miss Elfrida alone— for Denisdaïe, for cogent reasons, kept his share in the night's proceedings dark—had seen tbe ghost, he questioned her closely ; her émotion, her incoherent answers, testified to her real terror and jbelief in the vision. ' The Honorable Algernon sympathised with lier, and again stronglyj impressed on all present the imprudence, nay, wickedness, of attempting to sift or explain wjiat was beyond the ken of mortal intelligence. After this episodie, the Royal Dene ghost, or, better still, the biggins ghost, ceased to be apocryphal, aud while the family were made exceedingly uncomfortable by the unexpected confirmation of the r story, yet it was felt to be an open admission to the exalted sphere of a higher social position. By common consent, aiid at tbe express wish of Timothy B|ggius, it was agreed that 110 attempt should fever be made to disturb the Gray Visitation in its own precincts, lest, as Mrs. Biggins tremulously observed, ' it should take into its head to come out and walk? The Honourable Algernon warmly approved his host's decision, and having a fine reputation for persoual courage, he could well afford to stand by his personal opinions, and repeat that where the supernatural was concerned, discretion was the best part of valour. Gradually the excitement subsided, Elfrida and L'.<rd Denisdale seeking and finding a more commonplace spot for their rendezvous. About Chrisimas, Captain Biggins came bome from India on three months' leave ; lie was duly introduced to the glories of Royal Dene, which be dèigned to call ' a jolly old place,' and to which lie promptly brought three or four brother officers, nothing loth to enjoy tbe hospitality of that ' rum olel cove, Biggin's governor.' | On Christmas Eve the usual country fes- tivités took place, and such entertainments as charades, tbe yule-log, carols, snapdragon, and ghost stories were jresorted to. For the first time Captain Biggins heard of the Gray Visitation, and was immensely delighted with it ; he got himself well! posted up in all tbe particulars, and was well primed with the highly seasoned details of the ghost's personal appearance, tbe brimstone fumes it emitted, &c.; Having ascertained through the butler that the manifestations [still occurred, he allowed the majority of the jguests to retire, and collected his particular chums in the smokingroom to unfold a little plan of his own. * The governor is being gammoned, to a dead certainty,' he said. J ' I can't make out if he is partial to his ghost or not ; hut I must see what it really means, and above all shut up that barber's block bf a Forsythe, who is al ways prosing abouti spiritualism. Such a bon rh ant as he is,.too !' So at the orthodox midnight hour the four conspirators, having removed their shoes, stole into the west corridpr, passed the baize door, and prepared to face the occupant of the haunted room, armed with pokers and a couple of revolvers. Tlie corridor was absolutely dark. Presently they became aware of a creaking grinding noise, apparently in the wall oil their right, and almost immediately a gleam of light struggled under the door at their feet. They listened : They heard a shuffling sound and the dragging of some heavy body across the floor, while the fumes of brimstone or sulphur grew stronger every moment. With a whispered word they threw themselves against tbe door ; the fastenings were old and insecure : it yielded almost immediately, and thev burst in, to see—a muffled figure before the hearth, on which a spirit lamp was burning, throwing cadaverous vapours aloft ; behind the white figure stood 11 square black Win, pourin^. liquid from a phial on its head and dexterously rnbbing it in., The two iphantoms turned at the crash of the bursting door and the intruder recognised the Honorable Algernon Forsythe having his hair dyed by his valet. Without bis mechanical anjl artificial adjuncts he looked what he really was, a man of sixty. If a fop, he was not a fool ; he saw that his only chance was to {appeal as a gentleman 'to the four officers aud gentlemen who stood before him convulsed j with laughter. He told them with lialf-patlietic, lialf-grotesque frankness that he had j a horror of old age, anjd fought it with every weapon in his power ; that he dreaded the tittle-tattle of servants, and could only trusjt his own man. He had accidentally found a secret door of communication between his Ijedroom and tlie closet of the haunted chamber ; it had at once struck liitn that, protected; by the awe attached to the apartment, it was the safest place lie could find for the nightly elaboration of the little artifices by wjiich he preserved his youth, the very natorç of which, oWing! to the sulphuric smell of,thé preparation he jused_, would have betrayed him to prattling housemaids if carried on âii his fee mad! knbni to Ae^frj^^f^ài^^g^ï-ge'trastei that jhis midnight' intruders would respect secre| thus C4t a mBigb! DS [^dhi8«omiades,who enl Joyed the whole tiling immensely, had the generosity to give -"--— 3 * ' strength of mind j Fbrejthe to town depafted bright, Jugentf,ba||ueçB, and he raven hair, dazzling teetl, blooming complexion, ahd lissom figure, ' 1 ot looking a day over thirty-five," as tbe well-ti >ped butler remarked. Hè 'weltt—'teitlwut pro] losing to Susannah— somewliat to the surprise of tbat young lady and the disappointment of her father. Mr. Timothy Biggins was cargbt at the rebound, and after the departure of a possible son-inon her a dowry law gave his consent to the union of Elfrida with a certain one, s«tt wortliy of a soap-boiling millionaire, There does not exist « îthîn three counties to this day any being see;; tical enough to throw a doubt on the existence of the Ghost of the Royal Dene.— World. 