'ON TRIAL' Br the Brv. De Witt Talmage. I. John ii„ 1: "We1 have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous." I have to tell you to-.day of a trial higher than any Circuit or Supreme or Chancery. It is the trial of every Christian man for the life of bis soul. The issues are. tremendous, and I Bh≪ show yon. 1\. What are the groundB of complaint; 2. Who are the witnesses in the cause; and 3. Who are the advocates. I, When a trial is called, the first thing is to have THE INDICTMENT read. Stand np then, O Christian man, and hear the indictment of the Court of heaven against thy suul. It is an indictment of ten counts, for thou bast directly or indirectly broken all the ten com mandments. You know how it thundred on Sinai, and when God came down how the monntain roiked, snd the smoke ascended as from a smouldering furnace, and the darkness gathered thick, and the loud, deep trumpet uttered the words, '-The soul that sinneth, it shall die t" Are you guilty, or not guilty ? Do not put in a negative plea too qaick, for I have to announce that " all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. There iB none that doeth good, no, not one. Who Boever shall keep the whole law yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all." TbiB lawsuit before us also charges you with the breaking of a solemn contract. Many a time did we promise to be the Lord's, and said, " O, Lord, I am Thine now and forever." Have you stood up to the contract 1 I go hack to your FIRST COMMUNION. ' Ton remember it as if it were yesterday. Ton. know how the vision of the cross rose before you. Yon remember how from the head, and the hands, and the side, and the feet there came bleeding forth these two words: "Bemember me." Ton recall how the cup of communion trembled in your hand when you first took it; and, as in 'a seasbell, you think you hear the roaring of the surf even after the shell has been taken from the beach, bo you lifted the cup of commnnion, and you bear it in the surging of the great ocean of a Saviour's agony; and you came forth from that communion service with face shining as though you had been on the Mount of Transfiguration; and the very air seemed tremu Ioub with the love of Jesus, and you said, down in the very depthB of your soul, " Lord, Thou knowest all things; Thon knowest that 1 lore Thee." Have yon kept the bargain, 0 Christian man ? Hare you not faltered when you ought to have been true? Bare you not played the coward when you ought to have betn the hero; I charge it upon you and 1 charge it upon myself—we have broken tns con tract. Still further; this lawsuit claims damages at your hands—damages for slander. The greatest slander on the Christian religion is an inconsistent professur. The Bible says relieion is one thing, we, by our in consistency say religion is some other thing, and what is more deplorable about it is that people can see faults in others while they cannot see any In themselves. The chariot of Christ's salvation goe9 on ; but our inconsistencies, my brethren, block up the wheels. XI. Now you have heard the Indictment. Are yon ready to plead guilty or not guilty ? Perhaps you are not ready yet to plead. Then the trial will goon. THE WITNESSES will be called. In the name of Ood I now make proclamation. Whosoever hath anything to offer in this trial in which God is the plaintiff and the Christian soul the defendant, let him now step forth and give testimony. The first witness I call npon in behalf of the pro secution is THE WORLD, all critical and obsoivant of Christian character. You know that there are people around you who perpetually banquet on the frailties of God's children, as a crow cares for nothing so much as camon. There are those who imagine that out of the faultB of Christians they can make a bridge of boats across the stream of death. Alas for the mistake 1 When they get amid Btream, away will go the bridge and down will go their souls to per dition. Oh, world of the greedy eye and the hard heart, come now and testify against this Christian soul. What do yonknow about ibis Christian man, "Ob," says the world, "Iknow a great deal." Be talkB about pntting his treasures In heaven, but he is the sharpest man in a trade 1 ever knew. He seems to want ns to believe that be is a child of God, bnt he is just full of imperfections. I do not know, bnt I am a great deal better than he is. Oltentimes he is very earthly, and be talks so little about Christ and so much about himself. I am very glad to testify that this is a bad man." Stop, O, world, with the greedy eye and hard heart. I fear yon are too much interested to give impartial evidence. Let all those who hear this witness know that there is an old family qnarrel between these two parties. There has always been a variance between the world and the Church ; and while the world on the witnesa stand to-day has told a great deal of truth about this Christian man. you must take it all with the same allowance, re membering that they still keep the old grudge good. The second witness I call lh this case is CONSCIENCE. Who art thou, O Conscience 1 What it your busi ness 1 Where were you bora ? What are you doing here? "I was bora in heaven. I came down to be friend this man. I have lived with him, I have in structed him. I have warned him, I have showed him the right and the wrong, advising him to take one and eschew the other. X have kindled a great light in bis sani. . With a whip .of scorpions I. have sconrged bis wickedness, and I have tried to cheer him when; doing right, and yet lam compelled to testify that be has rejected my .mission, Ob, how irai y • ud* of life have I pressed to bis lips that he dathert do»n and how often has he stood with his bxel on the hlteding heart of the Sao of God. I must in behalf <>f Him who will in nowise clear the poiliy, say that this Christian man has done wrong. Hs has been neglectful." The third witness I call in the case is AN ANGEL OF GOD. Bright and shining nne, what dost thou here ? What hast tnou to say against this man t " Oh," says the angel, " I have been a messenger to him. I have guarded him I have watched Mm. With this wing I have defended him, and ofcen, when he knew It not, I led him Into green pastures and beside the quiet waters. I snatched from him the poisoned chalices. When tad spirits came upon htm to destroy Mm I fought them back, and yet I have to testify to-day that he has rejected my mission. Though I came from the sky ne drove me back. Tboneh with this wing I defended him, and though with this voice I wooed him, I have to announce bis multiplied Imperfections. I dare not keep back the testimony, for then I should not dare to appear again amongst the sinless one before the great white throne." There is only one more witness to he called on behalf of the prosecution, and that in the great, the holy, the angost, THE OMNIPOTENT SPIRIT OF GOD. We bow down before Him. Holy Spirit, knowst Thou this man ? " Oh, yes," says the Holy One, " I know him. I have striven with him ten thousand times; and though sometimes h» did seem to repent, be fell back again as often from his first estate. Ten thousand times has he grieved Me, although the Bible warned htm, saying, ' Grieve not the Holy Ghost. Quench not the Spirit.' Yes. he has driven Me hack. Though I am the Third Person of ths Trinity, he has trampled on My mission, and the blood of the atonement that I brought with which to cleanse his eonl he despised. I came from the throne of God to convert, and comfort, and sanctify; and yet look at that man, and see what he is com pared with what, unresisted, I would have made The evidence on the part of the prosecution has closed. How let THE DEFENCE bring on the rebutted testimony. What have yon, O Christian soul, to bring in reply to this evidence of the world, of the conscience, of the angel, and of the Holy Ghost? Ho evidence? Are all these things true? "Yes. Unclean, unclean," says every Christian soul. What? Do yon not begin to tremble at the thought of condemnation? III. The evidence all in. THE ADVOCATES speak. The profession of an advocate is foil of responsibility. Some of you hive read of the famous trial of Warren Hastings, the despoUer of India. He had conquered India by splendid talents, by courage, by bribes, by gigantic dishonesty. The whole world had rung with applause or condemna tion. Oatheied in Westminster Hall, a place in which thirty kings have been inaugurated, was one of the most famouB audiences ever gathered. Foreign Ministers and Princes sat there. Peers marched in, clad in ermine and gold. Mighty men and women from all lands looked down upon the scene. Amid all that pomp and splendour and excitement, Edmund Burke advanced fn a speech wbich will lest as long as the English language, concluding with its burning charge which made Warren Hastings cringe and cower, "I impeach him in the name of the Common House of Parlia ment, whose trust he has betrayed. I impeach him In the name of the English nation, whoBe ancient honour he has sullied. 1 impeach him in the name of the people of Inula, whose rights he has trampled on, and whose country he has turned iuto a desert. And, lsBtly, in the name of human nature. In the name of both sexes, in ths name of every age and rank, 1 impeach him as the common enemy and oppressor of all." But 1 have to tell you that in this tula! of the Christian for the life of his soul the advocates are mightier, wiser, and more eloquent. The evidence all being in JUSTICE rises to make his plea. With ths Bible open In hiB hand, he reads the law, stern and inflexible, and the penalty—"The soul tbat sinneth, it shall die." Then he aayB—"Oh, Thou Judge and Lawgiver, this is Thine own etatute, and all the evidence in earth and heaven agrees in stating tbat the man has sinned against all these enactments. Now let the sword leap from its scabbard. Shall a man go through the very flames of Sinai unsinged J Let the law be executed. I demand that he die." Ob, Christian, who will plead on thy side in so forlorn a cause ? Sometimes a man will be brought into aCourtand have no friends and no money, and the Judge will look over the Bar and say, " Is thers any one who will volunteer to take this man's case and defend him ?" And Bome young man rises up and cays, " I will be hiB counsel;" perhaps starting on from tbat very poiot to a great and brilliant career. Now, in this matter of ibe soul, as yon have nothing to pay for counsel, do you tbink that any one will volunteer ? Yes, I see One rising. He is a young man, only thirty-three years of age. I see His countenance suffused with tears and covered with blood, and all the galleries of heaven are thrilled with the epectacle. Thanks be unto God, " We bavean Advocate with the Father." JESUS CHRIST THE RIGHTEOUS. 0 Christian son], the best Advocate in the uni verse has taken your side. No one was ever so qualified to defend you. He knows all the law, ita demands, its penalties. He is always ready. He will plead for you for nothing as earnestly as though you brought a world of treasure to His feet. He has undertaken the care of thousands as forlorn as yon, and He bas never lost a case. Courage 11 tbink tbat after all tbere may be some chance for you, for the great Advocate rises to make his pies. He says, " I admit all that has been proved against My client. I admit all those sins, aye, more; but look at that wounded band of Mine, and look at tbat other wounded band, and at My right foot and My left. By all these wounds, I plead for his clearance. Count all tbe dropB of My tears. Count all tbe drops of My blood. By tbe humiliation of Bethlehem, by the aweat of GethBemane, by tbe sufferings of the cross, I demand that he go free. I am the ransom. Let him escape the lash; I took the scourglngs. Let the cup pass from him; I drank it to the dregs. Put on him tbe crown of life, for I have worn tbe crown of thorns. Over against My throne of Bhama set hie throne of triumph." If you have ever been in a Courtroom, yon know the silence and the solemnity when THE VERDICT is about to be rendered. Abont this soul on trial, shall it be saved or shall it be lost ? Attention I Above, aronnd, beneath, ail the universe cries— "Hear." Tbe Judge rises and gives this decision, never to be revoked—" Tbere is, therefore, now no condem nation to them who are in Christ Jeans." The sonl tbat on Jeans bath leaned for repose, 1 will not, I will not, deaeit to His foes. But, my friends, there is coming a day of trial In which not only the saint but THE SINNER MUST APPEAR. That day will come very snddenly. The farmer will be at the plough, the merchant In tbe counting, room, tbe weaver will have his foot on tbe treadle, the manufacturer will be walking amid tbe black of flying machinery, the connsel standing at the bar pleading the law, tbe minister in tbe pnlpit plead ing tbe gospel, tbe drnnkaid reeling amid hla cnps, and theblasphemer with the oath caught between bis teetb. Tbe Almighty, rising on His throne, declares tbat time shall be no longer, and tbe arch angel's trump repeats it till all the living hear, and tbe dead spring to their feet, crying, "Time abail be no longer." Oh, on that day will yon be ready? Will Christ plead on yonr side, or will He plead against yon? Ob, what will yon do in the last great assize, if yonr conscience and the world, and the angels of Heaven, if the Holy Spirit and tbe Lord God Almighty are against yon? Better this day Becure an advocate. 