A' UNLUCKY TIME. CHAPTER II.--(Continued.) 'You talked of revenge, signor but what vengeance can a poor and weak old man take on such as he? Ah! if I had had but my stiletto, then -·then he should have seen.' Katrina, who had completed the dressing, now started up, and with an Sexpression of alarm, ran to him. 'Padre mio !' she exclaimed, casting her arms about him, 'be calm-re flect. Ah! you know not what you say. You will be ill, and then-then -ah ! Die, what shall I do?' Her words had the instant effect of subduing his wrath. Gazing fondly into her face he murmured ' Al ! figlia mia, his lips never touched yours-they are pure, un sullied-sono contento.' ' Padre mio, we should not think of ourselves, but of the brave signor who suffers for us,' said Katrina. ''It is true. Are we not here to thank him, my child? Has he not the gratitude of our hearts? Ah! signor, the poor have but words to give,' proceeded the old man, address ing Glenmere; 'but when they come from the soul they may be more sincere than other recompense. Signor, if we could do more we would.' 'My good fellow,' smiled Glenmere, ' you are both making too much of the matter. Your thanks have already repaid me for so slight a service. You are not answerable for this,' and slightly he touched the scar; 'that is between Lacy Mayo and me alone. Now, good-night. It is getting late.' Taking the hint, the Italian ad vanced to the door. 'Buona notte, signori,' he said, respectfully. ' Good-night,' responded Launce, 'and take my advice-this is no place for your daughter.' 'No, signor. She, at least, shall sing no more here.' He quitted the tent. Katrina, in clining her head, murmured-- ' Bu?na notte, signori.' She spoke to both, but her dark eyes rested on Glenmere, lingeringly. As they met his her olive complexion deepened; quickly she turned, and in a second was gone. ' Hal,' remarked Launce, ' you were not quite conceited when you made that remark about women-that pretty child cares for you. Your chivalry has won her; henceforth you are her hero -her ideal.' . 'Bosh!' was Glenmere's by no means poetical response. 'Shut the tent, there's a good fellow and get supper. My wrist throbs like the deuce, and every throb reminds me of the debt I owe Lacy Mlayo.' The Canvas Town had long sunk into silence, the moon giving it a fairy appearance with its silver radiance, when Launce, out of ;the darkness, said, hearing Glenmere moving rest lessly ' Can't you sleep, old fellow? Does your wrist pain you? Shall I damp the bandages again ?' 'Thanks, no; it's not my wrist,' replied Glenmere. ' I say, Launce, do they allow duels in this land ?' 'Nonsense. Go to sleep.' ' Sleep, yes; but I shall never rest until this has been effaced.' Launce knew he had touched the scar. He thought it best to make no response, and soon both slept. In the Italian's tent, however, one was yet wakeful-Katrina. She laid, her eyes wide open, seeing nothing but the visions her mind created. She was happy and yet was sad. Launce was right. Henceforth she had one ideal, one hero- Halbert Glenmere. It was pleasanter to lie awake thinking of him than to sleep. At the other side the curtain that divided the tent, she heard her father muttering and moving in his sleep. Once she caught the word fiercely pronounced ' Cattiraccio I' 'Poor padre !' she thought; 'he is dreaming of that bad man. Sweet Mother of Heaven grant it make him not ill!' Turning, Katrinaslept too; but she dreamed of Glenmore. Halbert Glenmere's feelings towards Lacy Mayo were by no means im. proved when the next morning he found his wrist so stiff and painful as to 'render work with the pick or at the cradle perfectly impossible. Besides which, the mark on his cheek was yet plainly visible, so that he did not care to mix much with the diggers. 'Yousee,' he said, between his teeth, ' if I met Lacy Mayo, I would.wish to return his blow, and how could I with a maimed wrist ? No; we had better not meet as yet. When we do, the victory must be mine.' Three days elapsed. By that time Glenmere felt he mirht trust his wrist, which, fortunately, was his left one. He drew a deep respiraton through his clenched teeth, and passed his finger over the faint scar. 'The mail is in to-day. Are you going for the letters, Launce ?' he asked. 'Yes; where are you going, Hal ?' 'To find Lacy Mayo,' was the answer, as Glenmere quitted the tent. ' Can't blame him,' reflected Launce. ' A fellow, especially an English fello w, can't put up with a blow and not -return it.' : Putting on his hat, he stepped out of the tent. Glenmere was striding away in one direction, he went in another. There was always a crowd round the post-office. It was some while before they were handed out and Launce got his. There were two or thrae for both of them. One for him self he recognised was in Dora Pierre point's writing. Hastily he thrust the rest in his pocket, scarcely remarking that one was black-bordered. Eagerly he tore open that from his beloved. How he would have liked to have pressed it to his lips, only he feared the jests of those passing ! So he thrust the dear envelope into his garibaldi, next his heart, and began to read. As he did so he gave a little cry, his grey eyes danced, his cheek flushed every nerve quivered. The first lines he read were these 'DEAR-DEAR, DEAREST LAUXNCE, Joy - joy ! Come home - home ! How sweet the startling word is! Yes; papa yields-he gives his consent. So throw down pick and spade, pack up your nuggets, and come, dear.' So the letter went on, not very in terestingly to the general reader, but, in Launce's opinion, Shakespeare nor Byron could have produced anything so el~auently beautiful. He had read it, long as it was, twice over before he reached the tent. His face was radiant as he entered, then it became serious. Glenmere was there pacing the narrow confines excitedly. ' Why, Hal, what's the matter ?' he demanded. 'He's gone!' answered Glenmere, wheeling towards him. 'The fellow has escaped me.' ' Gone !-left ?' 'Yes. It seems he has been perse cuting that poor girl, lying in wait for her and all that,' proceeded Glenmere. 'Yesterday, the old fellow and his daughter left suddenly, secretly, with a party of diggers, returning to Sydney. This morning at dawn Lacy Mayo also quitted the camp.' ' But he will return ?' 'No. Last night he sold all his tent and tools. He has gone.' 'Good riddance ! Anil you ?' 'I,' replied Glenmere, raising his hand to his cheek, 'follow him.' 'Never !' 'Yes; I am waiting for my horse now. I have made a vow-I will keep it.' Launce was silent. He knew to speak was useless. After a pause, he exclaimed 'There are letters for you. Here they are.' Glenmere took them hurriedly. The one in mourning envelope made him start. He opened it. 'Not bad news, I hope,- Hal ?' ' Yes, and no; but mostly yes. My aunt is dead. Dear old lady, she pardoned me. I am heir to all she possessed. I am bidden to return at once.' 'Strange. So am I.' ' We will go together, ~Launce.' 'But you-you are departing on a search for this man ?' 'Do not fear, I shall soon find him. The fight shall be a fair one, have no doubt. In three days I shall be back -if not, go without me.' A man here brought up the horse. Glenmere mounted it and rode quickly off. 'When Lacy Mayo give gave that ceward's - blow,' thought Launce, gazing after his friend, 'he little guessed what he was doing. Hat's dangerous.' For the three days he waited, quietly making his preparation for departure. Would Glenmore return ? He began to fear not. Still he would give him a fourth day, then he could wait no longer. Was not Dora waiting for him ? After nightfall, however, of the third day, Glenmere entered the tent, haggard, pale, exhausted. ' Well,' exclaimed Launce, 'did you find him ? What success, old fellow ?' 'None,' was the response. 'He has escaped me. Let me rest now, Harcourt, I'm deadbeat. To-morrow let us start.' He flung himself on his bed and seemed almost instantly to fall asleep. Launce made no further reference to the matter. It was a subject he did not like, and he saw Glenmere did not. He read his friend's words to mean that he had failed to overtake Lacy Mayo. He attributes his manner, his silence, to diappointment. What had occurred in those three days? Who could tell ? Yet let one scene be recounted. It was noon of thesecond day. The sun poured its fierce rays down upon the bush-scrub there, here trees of splendid growth, girt about by lesser tropical vegetation. In a clear space in the midst of a stretch of the latter laid a man, while kneeling by his side bending over him was another. The former's face was of stony whiteness. His eyes [wero wide and staring. The fiercest sun in heaven could not have made them close. From a wound in the chest a crimson stream had flowed, dying the parched grass. An expression of horror, of terror, marked the other's features. He was almost as pale as the dead man-ofr he was dead. Yes; the trembling hand which had touched heart and wrist had felt not the faintest pulse beneath. 'Great Heaven! Dead !' had burst from the live man's lips; then he had glanced sharply about him. Then, inclining his head, he listened. Was that the sound of a horse ap proaching? Yes; one. He leaped to his feet, and raised his hands towards his face. Suddenly he paused and shuddered. There was a red stain upon them. An expression of still greater horror spread over his countenance. Again he ejaculated 'Great Heaven!' Hastily wiping off the stain on his red garibaldi, he listened once more. The horse ras nearer. It was coming that way. He glanced down at the dead man at his feet, seized his rifle lying on the grass, and plunged in among the trees and bushes. Behind them stood his horse. Mounting it, he rode off noiselessly, therefore slowly, in the opposite direction to the advancing rider. When beyond hearing range, he shook the horse's reins and went like the wind. The white, scared look yet clothed his features. His eyes, directed straight in front, saw nothing else. They did not see a squatter lying under a tree smoking after a camping out dinner, while his horse cropped the herbage near. The squatter saw him, and, turning on his elbow, re marked ' What's the matter with the fellow ? Has he seen a ghost ?' The man thus flying was Halbert Glenmere, the dead man staring so blankly at the sun was Lacy Mayo. (To be continued.) 