THE :UROZEN :PIRATE.' :" rw : . c BSLER E RSSEL, Anthor of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' The Lady Mlaus,' ' A Sailora Sweet heart,' Etc. CnaxPaE aIV. :COe'tenD.) Ihad made a gre?t tire, and its light was strong, and there was alsi the litlit of the lastern; but the furnace ltc uniplayed very lively, completely overm:ostrinls the s'teadsh illumination of the cantdle, and the mant: figure was alla-twi.tel with mlsorhi uhados. and a hundred fait:titic Ishalicsd sie.ll to steal out of the side and bulkhlals andl dil appmr upon my terrifitl giae. Then, thoght L, suppose after all that the ma should be alive, the vitality in him set flowing by the lihat? I minded myself of my own samioe of the current checked be frost, yet retnininr uUinipalirv the principle of motion; and gtting my agitation under .some small control, I approached the body on tiptoe and hold the lantern to its ilce. .:He looked a man of ity ear of ay ofge ; his beard was grey. and very long. and lay usponhis breast like a cloud of smoke. His "ye.s were closed ; the brows shaggy, and he dark s oar of a sword-wound ran across his forehead. from the corner of the left eye to the top of the ight brow. His nose w;as long and' hooked, but the repose in his -co-ntea? ne; bokes by the vague charater 'f thelight in which I inspectol him, left his Sfac almost expressionmss. I was too musch alarmed to put my ear to his mouth to mark if he brathed, if indeed the noise of the homing fire would have. permitted me to distinguish his'respiration. I drew back fromhime and'' ab :'dowin the.'lantern and watched him. Ti~u ht I, i will not do to believe thie is anytlhng s?pernatural here. Ican swear thei; i" naught living in this i ship, and am I; to euppurqe, aaseosag she •u hamated, that aXhosi, which I have always read sad heard of an essence, has in its -shdo?y. being. such' quality of meal, as woaul enable it to turn. that heart man over from:his "ide on to'his back No, no. thb ght'I I' depend upon it, either he is t alive and maypresently come to himself, or ?cLe :ifi some, wonderful way the fire in = thaing him, has so wrought in his frozen fib as to cause him to turn. P R'esmtlyy.his left. leg, that was slightly bent towards the furnace, a tched itself 5 out toits full length, and m ear caught a faint: sound; as of a woak and melancholvy sigh.' Gracious heaven, thought I, lie is alive:!-and with lees of terror thanof pr 6tfoue awe, now that I saw there was nothi, n of a ghostly or pNtermatural cba- I : ?ter?.m thise boin?eoss;? 'approchedl and t best '.ver, him. Ilis eyes were still shut, i a-id 'I oonld not hear that he brthed ; c therewar not the faisteot, motion of rcepi ration in his breastnor stir in the hair, that was now loft, about his month. Yet, so far I as the light would suffer, me to judge, there I was a complexion in his face such as could f only come with flowing blood, however d lagoid its circulation, and potting this and the sigh and the' movement of the leg together, I felt convinced that the man wasc alive, alstd'fdfihlthitft -tg'tork, very full a of a ansd mnazmeat.tQ bo sure, to help a nature that was triggliag in him: ' - . iy first step was to heat some brandy, t Oand hilotthis was doisI ifled opea his a coat enfreod his ?ilk,' fechrn a coat from t the.abin toserveasa pillow for head. I c next removed his boots and laid bare his feet (whish, were:' nosed in :no less than four i 's of thick woollen stockhingst o that I 1 * e?hwise"'Ii tamse to: the third I I h- " fla? his legs 'made of stockligs) and I after bathing his feet in hot water, of which thiem'sas w a kettleful; I ribbed them with t Sho lobia?dy as hardas I coulh chafe. I thtn a ,deIt .with his hands.in the like manner, having oncei.beens shipmate with a seaman I who told mehe had seen a sailor brought to i byseverobbing of his extremeties after he -ad been carried below eppo?ed to be frozn f to desth-and 'continued thi exercis till I couldrub' ito 'longerr. Next I opMeied his '' .disa.d flndighe'wanotd some of his front i "teee I [very apound a dram of brandy , ?dit hl:'mooth. Though I pr?c nl my mt ,ssmezt'atl this whle. I soen di. overedjmyself working with enthushi-t, 1i w..ithl a most pasurinate longing in&,. to I remver the man, noa only be sse it pleasd ms't think of mr being an in-trument ende God of callint a human being. to to peak?out of his grave,but lar?e I yearnud for a companion, someone to address. to t S teg the hideous solitude of my condition a to .'assist me in planning our de- liveranee. ' built up a great fire, and with muh t trouble, for he was very heavy, di-po.-d him in such a manner before it th:at the heat n as reflected all over the front of him from his head to his feet. I likewise continued to chafe his extremities. r?nitting this wrk onl- to rst, "and finding that the 1brandy had stolen down his threat, I ?ainr;l another dram in aml then anot:hr, till I think he had swallowel a pint. This went on for an hour, durino which time he never exhibited the least eiro of life; but on a suddenhe sighed deep. a tremor ran throuSgh him, he sighol atain and partly raimcc his right hand, which fIl r, the neck with a blow; his lips twitched, and a small cos vulsion of his face compelled the features into the similitude of a grin that instantly faded; then he fetched a succestion of sighs and opened his esye full upo: me. I was warm enoug'T with my work, but when I oberved-.him lo?king at me I turned of a death-like cold, and felt the dew of an intolerable emotion wet in the palms of my hands. There was no lxvulation in his stare at first; hi eyes lay a coldly upon me as those of a fish ; but as life quickened .in him so his understudling awoke; he dlishtly knitted his brews. and very slowly rolled his gaze otr me to the furnace and so over as much of the cok-r.oom as was before him. He then started as if to tt up, but fellback with a slight grean and looked at me again. 'What is this .' said he in French, in a very hollow feeble ruvoice. Iknewr enough of his lanioage to enable me to know he spolke in French, but that weall. Iould not speLak a syll-alc of that ? ~-u'll be feeling hettr presently: you mustnot experet your stresrsith to mue ma minute,' ?id I, takint my chance of his ondersti nding me, and eIp'ikins that he .i.i...? tnotthin mea ghost, ferI doubt not .L[ wu?es hitoa one; siuce,toboplnin,the meretalkiug to a fi?uretthat I hadtonon side as sheerly dead es anybody in a grave -yesrd-eaarming enough, and then again ; therorewa the sound of my own riace, which ..lhadnoutcrtal in spech for ages, as it L7 seis tome. ::,-He faiall nodded his head, by .hishs I ?pintlyin"Ealh, but wKwills. trae French ' I I speedtly mend that,' said r, and at * once fetched a mattress from the cabin next \- mine; this I placed beaide him, and drag,,d him on to it, he very weakly asisting. I thenbroaght elothes and c tcoverhim with, and made him a high pillow, and as he lay close to the tfunuae h old not have aned imaggerhadbe had a wife to tuck him \-- ,inhisown ?b- ' t.I wae very much excited; my former \-- ftears hald vanisdh,-but my svreontinuedl grct for I felt-as: if. I had mluiht a miracle, and I trembled as a man would who survey some prodigy of his own creation, It warJto be learnta? ing he hada in this ondition; but I wan perftly sue She had formed oo of the schooner s people, : aasnl .Ilhadgemed hero have bee here ' for nward st fifty yeas', the notion of that .I eldmsvLai torpid for half a centiry :-i, bet em e aprpetans apel e?o[ one.. - o- -·ment ; bt? fw no more horror in me nor fright. le feolIed me about withie r eyes" u'tdidnot oferto peia; Peh.psh n ket- le,.enrwhw n the 'ater boild made bin • p-..Lpint of to - . l ?4 .-brandy p :. il hd lekwith my kneo;he mupped It .- :- ishie an /fctchMd a sigh.-of. oeaoentsa?et. :1t I··ul bhpcaacrd WmeinlW i~b5~ and as I guesed his stomach, after so pro digious a fast, would be too weak to support such solids as beef, or pork, or bacon, I musedl a little, turning over in my mind the contents of tie aInrder (as I call itl. all which time lie he ed m with bewildernnent groming in hisface; and I then thought I could not do better than manufactu himhn a broth of oaltmeal, wine, bruiC?l biscuit, and a piece of tontgue min-edel very smah. Tlhi: did not take mle long in doing, the tounus being near the furnace and soft enosuth for the knife, and there was nothiing to melt but the wine. Whien the broth was ready 1 kneel?dl as bLoare and fed himt. Ile ategreedily, and when the Ibrth was gone looked as if he would have s rnu glad for more. ' Now. sir,' -ay I, ' slcep if you can; with which he turned his hhead aind in a few minutei wa s -.tnid asleep, :rcathing regin - larly and dmply. CL-rrest XV.-Tat Ptri.se's Stone. It was now time- toi think of myself. The watch -ihowese l the hour to lbe ::fter six. Whilst my suesir was preparing I went sm deck to c!lo? thei hatellhes to kc the colld out of the ship. nd fouand the weather rei:ulred, the wind having chifted dirnetly into tlw wst. whecla e it was btowing with a g,>d deal of violence upls the ice, ringini over the peaks and among tile n-ks witsh a 1ionfular clanking noi-e in its ersing, a? thouhsl it brought withl it the etco of tiehou-an?ds of bells pe.fling in rsome reat city behind the se-a. It alos swept up the gerge that went from our hollow to the etle of the cliff in a noiy finee hloKtitc, andl this blast was very freely charged with the -pray of the brtakes wthich boiled along tie island. The sky was ovre-anet with tivingi cilouds of the trte Cape torn col,ur andi appearance. I closl tiho fnar-s.cut:h. but on steppnin aft came to the two aidi?- the sight of which broug-ht sme to ea -t:d. Sin:le ther was life in onet, thouht- I, life msay be th,-e, and I felt as if it would 1, lik, munrdring them to leave themnere for the night. Bit, said I, to mv,Afi. after all. the e mmi are certa ily innsib- el-e if they ]e not loead : the cold that frenzes on deck cannot be diltereeet from the cohl that frnue them below ; thlly 'll not be lbtterrof in the realin than here. It wrill be all the sasue to them-. and to-morros I ehalpl p"rhaps have the Fruehmsn:i he.lp to tarry then*t i I tlhe firna: ai-m l ie;lo-cr if the rital spark is still in themi. To be candid, I was the ni?r' eiasily per u to leave m o Icie ti-ieio teiD r ,.lk hleging by the very gtriml, ealignant, and -ravace ap ILarmnce of th!e greantfigure h:ult lea:u Is , ,..saisat the riil. Indeel. I did not at llt like thonotion of srbh company in the cabin Strogz he long nigaht. Adtlde to this, hi, bulk was su-h that. without asistainae, I could in!l htave' nmoesl him ai you more a -a..k, by illing it : an.l th-uaih this might have :an-swered to, conveyv ]lsim to the hatch. t Ietoael to breIak his ari s ti?t le;, nil, anl t erhap , his heaul, o brittle sw.- he with frost, letting his own wcight traulle hiiu daown the latlter. So I left them to lie and came away. fling inga last lea,k round, and thlen elisinr tse i compaiet-der upnei m. Th- Frenehiune i asI may call him. wcas eep:in veryc heavily and snoring lodlly. Igot my .-upper, andi whilst I at surnveyeel the mound of cothts lie tradi e on the deck a motley heap indeed, with the colour and I the finery of the 1ecc anel buttons ef the coat I had piled uiin hir--:m fell into 1 some startling conaider.:ious of him. 'tVs t it possible, I askele myself. that he eouad ha:iv lain in his fr-zte stuipr for lifty years ? Iliat why not ? for esupii'- he had i-en ou this ice but a year olly--la: . six monthsm--s absurdity in the face of the manifest age of 1 the ship and her faraiturni- wuld n:t six months of lifle--nes-s followulrd by ae nur rection oe as miarverlou La if:ty ycsirsT ILul he the same asl-It when the wasne of the eice eizel-i him as he has now : I answerlcd eis, f-r the currest o(f !ife heaing t ecn , froes. hei apise?irme"n would? ramin as it Ii ightl my pipn, ela ct eekihg, think inu - would pre?!rns - awake: but his luaimr r was as ,e lp as the ,tilhl-? I iad thawel hilu out of had ken, and he lay t motiauet-ss that, but foer hi snortin:re and harsh breathl?u. I haltuld have bclicvet him la-zned into his former state. At eight o'clck the fire was very leow. m iture ,-a wossrking out her orwn w:av with ili Fr-nchmaun, and I drnte-snined to let di 1 lee p when- he was, and take my chance f i the night. At all ccvits he ctld not alarm i me by stirring, for if I hearda movement I I should know wh-at it was. So, loitering to : -sci the lrt leln of the tire extintuished, I took my lantern and went to bel, but not to Thl full meaninsg of the man awakening into life out of a condition into which he had ic a plunged, foir all I knew, Lefore I was b iar, rmae uloan me verp viilcntly in the irkne?s. Thre toeing nothing to divert mya tiolurhtt, I gave my mind whoUll to it, and I tell you I found it an amtning terrifying , thingmto happen. lded, I do nt knuow that t the like el such un adventure was ever before t heard of. nudl I well n-,alltt thinking to myself, ' I would -ive my left hand to know of other c:?.as of the kind-to be asumle that this recoucra was itrictlvr ithin the ulotinds of nattme,' that I neihit frel I was not alone, iso trongly did the thoughts of a sat:ntli in fluence operating in this busi?Les croawd upon me-that is to say, as if I wan inmolmn tarily working out some plan of the devil. Tile gale made a gaput roaring. The ship'sa stern lay open to the gorge, and but for her steadiness I might have supposed myself at sea. Their was indeed an inmtantat thunder about my cars, often accompanied by the shock of a mass of spray flang thirty feet high, attd falling like sacks of at nes upon the deck. Once I felt the vessel rock : I canunot tell the hour, but it was long post midnight, and by the noise of the wind I guxded it was blowing a whole gale. ` The movement was extrat nry-whether tEde i--as- or downwards L could not distinguish ; but, nemsoned as my stomach was to the motion of ships. this movmaent set up a nausea that li? tl nsme while, acting upon me as I harvenainre lernd the eonvnlston of an oarthquanke does upon people. It tool off my mind from the Frencuhman, and filed me with a difent srt of alarmnn altogether, for it was very evilent the gaknle was nmaking the ie break : aul, thought I to myielf, if wedo not mind our ey e we hnll he crudedl andburied. But wrhatwa·stobe done 'To quit the ship for that piereing flying gale, rhars with sleet and hail and foam, was merely to languish for a little, and thmen mierally expire of frost. No, thought I, if the end is to come, let it fAn me here; and with that I enugidrl me disw amid the coats and cloa~ks in my cut, alnd, olcstisately hlding my ecryes elosed, ultimately fell aleep. It was lante when I awoke. I lighted the lantern, but upon enrtering the pasage inthat led to the cabin I onbserved by my own potaure that the schooner had ot naly heelod more t larlxml, bhat was further down by the stern' to the extent of secerol feet Indeed, the angle of inclination was now considerable enough to iring my choulder (in the pasage) allone against the atarboard ride when I stood cre?t, The noise of the gale was still in the air, and the booming and hoilingi of, the sea was uncom manly lanoud. I walked straight to the o.room, d, ptng the lantern to the rnchman, pc"rmeiaa that he wa still in a hes7 leep, and that he had lain thronugh the nght precisely in theatti tude in which I had left him. lHis face was so mufled that little more than his long hawkol'lbasl nos- wan dieromible. It was fsseningly old, uand I madee baste tolight the fre. Ther wan still coal enough in the eorner to last for the day, and befomr lung mthe na was blazing eheefully. I went to work to- make some broth and fry some ham, and melt a little block of the ruby coloured wine, and whilst tl orap?ds turning my head a moment to loak at the Fenehmamn. I found him half stitated up, staring intently ht me. . SThis idden co?nfront tr m ~ idno suchconienton thatI coudono speak He aoveadhi hoead from side-to side, taking a view of tseeene, with ai exreisiasi of she -~4aa -ih· ~b~o Y forehead, the scar on which showed black as ink to the fire-glow, and sat crect. ' Where have I been:' he exclaimed in French. ' Sir,' said I, speakdng with the utmost dlificulty, 'I do not understand your lan guage. I am English. You speak my tongue. Will you addressme in it !' 'English !' he exclaimed in English, dropping his head on one side,and peering at me with an incredible air of anmzement. ' How came you here You are not of our company. Let me c.e . .' Here he struggled with recollction, continuing to ,tam at me from under his shaggy eyebrows as if I was some frightful vision. ' I am a ehipwrecked British nucriner,' said I, ' and have been cast away upon this ice, where I found your schooner.' ' a ! he interrupted with prodigious vehemence, ' ecrtainly; we are frozen up-I remember. That sleep should serve toy memory so ' ie mnlde :as if t' rise, but sat ao al. ' The cohl is numbing : it would weaken a lion. Give me a hot drink, sir.' I !hd a panuikin with the melted wine, which he swalluowved thisotily. ' More !' cried he. ' eI nctm to want life.' Arain I filled the pannikin. .i 1 oo:' !:id he, fetching a sigh as he returned the vesel : ' you are very obliging, sir. If you have food there, we will eat togethcr.' I give the substance of his sp,%eel, but not his delivery of it, nor is it ne.ssarvy that I should interpolate my rendering with the French sworos lie un-d. The broth soing iltled. I gave him a good bowl of it along with a plate of bacon and togoe, some hitcuit, anti a panuikln of hot brnldy and water, all whichl things I pat tultmhis knee iSs he sat uponim the Imattrrte, and th it he fell, making a rare meal. Yet all the while he ate he acted like a man Kewi:ched. as well he might, staring at tie and locking round and nmound him, and then lnopping his knife to strike his brown, as if by that kind iof blow he would qui ken the activity of nllio-er thre. " There it ,aneothing wr!nie.' adl he pre c-ntly. - What is it, -Ir ? Tisn is the cook roomn. How dcc; it happen that I am lying here i' I told LIm exactly how it was, addiin that if it had not b-va for his posture, wlhi,-h oblie?edme to thaw in order to carry hIt. lie woutd now be on dvk with the others, awaitine the l?est funeral I could give hin. Who are the otherstk i askd he. 'I know not, s?id I. t There were four in all, countin younrself ; one sits irzcun to death on the rotks. I tnut him fir.t, :rd took this watch from his pocket that I might 1 tell the tnime.' HIe tak the match isn ,is hoand, and it-keed me to bring the lantnre close. ']Io !' cricd lie, ' this was I3cndoza's thcc:ppaink's I remember ; he took it fur ite asak of this letter upon it. He lies dedl ont the Iks a We i niced hlim, but did not knew where he had gone.' Then. rni-inre h oo hald and imipalivcly starting upon the nma:t-ts, he crici, whislt lie tappedl iis fre-htead, ' It h.t come back ! Ihi iet ! Guiteppe Tre:tiiove andt I were I it tLe cabin; he ac d fualku blind with the glare of the ie-Lif that ewas it. We con frontclead h other. Ou a suddeun he crcmcad out. I iad put my face into my arms, and felt mysel dvn j. His cry aroused me. I loke tiop and low him l·aning back from the table with his eyes fixed and horror in his rount,-aance. I wo: tooe feeble to speak toolau.udol to ric. I watched him awhile, and tu coothe drowiinelS, s:ole over me ang: in, anld miy eaud mank, and I remmciar no lHe, -uddcrent, and extende the panntikin for more liquor. I filled it with two-thlirds of brandy and the rest water, and he sunpledl it down as if it had been a thimbleful of wine. SBy the holy cruso.' cried he, ' but this is vcry wonderful. though. Howe lung have you blen here, sir:' 'Tihree days.' SThlr vs ! and I lave blan in a stupor i al that time- never moving, never bruoth ingl' i You will have -ern in a stupor Ilonger I than that, Iexpi?t,' said I. SWhat is this month :' he cried. ' July,' I replied. 'Jul;--July '- .he muttered. ' Impos Bible ! L-t mie c.'--he beain to count onu his fingerso-' we fell in with the ice and got locked in November. We had six months of it : I rmeodlet no more. Six nmoths of - it, sir ; and suppsee the stupor came upion me then,'the month at which my memory stops would be April. Yet you callthisT uly; that is tno ay, foor ,ottA, of aitcin; itn Shat was the year in which you fell in with theiee'" said L ' The year :' he exclaimed in a voice deep with the wonder this luestion' rai-ed in him ; Sthe year ? Why, aoan, what year but eroren'n druc.re and fldfty-t;r:e:" ' Good Gtl !' cricd I, jumnpin-g to my fe-et with terror at a statement I had anticipated. though it hoecked me as a new and frightful revelation .- Do you "know what year this is ' Hie looked at me without answerinr. ' It is eirhteen hundred and one.' I criedl and as Isaid thit I mortiled a step, fully ex p ?ting hin to leap up and exhibit a hundred demonstrations of horror aol consternation, for thisI am persvaded would have been my posture hadi any main roused me from a alumber and tuld me I had been in that condition for eight- and-forty years. He continued to view imo with a very strange andounning expression in his eyes, the coolnnts of whick.waas inexpressibly sur prising and bewildering, and even mortify mpa; the presently grasping his beard, looked at it; then put his hands to his face and looked at them ; then put out his feet and. looked at tIAn ; then very slowly, but without viable effort, stood up, swayitng a little with an air of weakness, and proceeded to feel and strike himself all over, swinging his arms and uaing his leg ; after wnhih he sat down and pulIel the clothes over his naked feet, and fixing his eyes on me. afreh, said, ' What do you say thi year is, ' Eighteen hundred and one,' I replid. \- 'Iah !' caidhe, and shook his beau very knowingly. ' No matter; you have ?n shipwrccked too! Sir, shipwreck shufeo dates asn a pLayer dors cr, and the bent of us will , waong in fanoine, Ioneline.s, old, ahdieril. Be of good cheer, my friend; all will return to you. Sit, sir, thalmt Imay hear your adventurcn, and I will relat: mine.' I baw how it wads-he s?appooed me de. ranged, a mortifying tonotrnction to plteo upon the languaYe of a man who had restored him to life; yet a few moments' reflection taught me to sRe tie reasMnalenemss of it, for unleno he thought me crazy he must conclude I spoke the truth, and it was in vonceibile that he should believe that he had lain in a frozen condition for eight-and forts years. Isturred the fire to make morelightanet sat down near the furnace. IIis. appearance was very striking. The sear upon his fore head gave a very dark eullen look to his brow; Ihis eyes were small and were half lost in the duoky hollows in which they were sct, and I oerved an inudecritbably leerhing. canning exprssion in them, something of which I attributed to the large quantity of liquor he had swallowed. This contra-ted oddly with the rerpeetabl aspect he took from his baldnes--that is, from the naked nessofhis poll, for, ans I have before said, his' hair fell long and plentifully, in a ring a little above the ears, so that you would have oupput at somen itle period of his life he had t.- e . "pd D - - (mn woah -z.) 