ATHLETICS. ' (Bt ' Nikblefoot.') Carringfcon Hurdle next Monday (13th.) Carrington Hurdle acceptances close to night Wednesday. r Carrington Consultation acceptances close on Saturday night next (11th.) Entries for Fourteenth Botany Handicap close on Saturday night next (11th.) Bray's start in tho Consultation Handi cap should read 25yds. instead of 35yds. Mo3t of our city peds. have returned to town after their Centennial holiday jaunt in the country. . Most o£ them are growling that they did nob got fair play (they never do, poor innocents). One Carrington winner told me a funny yarn about tho big country handicap in which he was a trier. He says that both handi capper and starter had made a book on the event, and if a man didn't suit their books he never got the ghost of a show to win, one of the unbacked ones getting a ?' fly' on the pistol every time. Another tied. who travelled up country was most cruelly used ; really though, joking apart, it was a bit rough. When he won his heat easily, the committee put their wooden heads together and shoved him back 8yds., as they thought he had too much start, and would be a 'dead bird' for the event. Still another little tale. One ©f our very fastest sprinters got into a handicap on the ' cross/' was rung in, in faot, by three of the committee, and as he stood within two yards o£ the limit he was a real ' dead bird.' The little combination had, how ever, omitted one precaution — they had not squared the starter, whose book was far better suited by the victory of another man. The starter's friend was no slouch, and when the official let him go to a flying start when he was about ten yards ahead of his field, he simply walked in. Great was the disgnst of the clever push who had put up their pieces on the ' rung, in' runner; and their grief was intensified by the necessity for keeping silent about it,a3 the starter had winded their game, and' would have put them dead away if they had kicked. ^ Tattersall's £5000 sweep on the ap proaching Carrington Handicap is Ailing up.fast, so I'm told. These sweeps have a very good influence on the runners, and make the goes much more interesting to the- public and less troublesome to the committee, as the people who draw a man in the sweep of course lay the man, say wSSOO'tonix for first, £200 second, jeiOO third, and £50 fourth. Thus a man is induced to- try right up to the last stride in the last heat, when every yarii means an additional .£100 to him. I Cassimer has been put np a yard in the -? @0n3ultation Handicap. Why, I'm sure I ; cant say, but it is surely not because j Hioelscher beat him in their division of the '(last handicap. If that is the reason, then ; the handicappers must have a lot of trust ing faith in their composition. In the i heat in question the ' dromedary hump ' ; wasiCassimer's.most prominent feature, and ? he struggled too palpably. Hoelscher j avers that Casaimer should have won the handicap, as he could hardly run slow i enough not to win his heat, and Hoelscher, who got in before him in that, ran second to Griffiths in the final. Anyhow, Cassimer will be dangerous in this, always supposing they get their money on and there is no 'red- hot *un ' on the limit. No to, bene ! I see he has shaved off his moustache ; has he, too, been among the innocents up country ? Joe Price is willing, so he tells me him self, to take 2yds start from Charlie Samuels, or 1yd from Clarke in from 100yds to 150yds for any part of a century. Now, as both olaim to be champions, and Joe don't crack to be anything in that way, this should elicit an early answer., Charlie Dunn was walking round Car rington Ground on Monday with his face in a parcel. This is the result of that ter rible blow that Jim Fogarty dealt him , last week. Running is a nicer game, than boxing, friend CharUe, take it from me. The Temora folk have their next Easter . Handicap advertised in another column, which is 66 sovs divided, to be run under Sir Joseph Banks rules on Easter Mon day and following day, April 2 .and 3.5 The prizes are divided, £35 first, . £1 0 second, £4 third, and £1 fourth. There is also the Easter Gift Handicap of. £15. divided, 125yds, and a District Cup. En tries close on March 17,' handicaps, on . March 23, and acceptances on March 30. ? These are worthy the notice of peds. I hear that Skinner, the American, is . anxious to have a cut -at Jack Wilkinson . over 120yds. for any sum. The challenge . is a pretty open one, and I should advise Skinner to be careful what he ia doing, for Jack is a beauty when he's . fit, and he'll have to run a3 hard as ever he did in .his. life if he wants to put down tho Victorian, ped. The Macleay Handicap of JEIOO - and Hurdle Bace of £25 are to be contested, on Easter Monday, entries for which will be received up to March 1. Handicaps wilL appear on March. 8- and acceptances close on the 22nd, and :7s. 6d. will, nominate for both. Macleay is.a nice trip for runners, and a good prize is to be won when you get there, so roll .up. On page one-will be found a. note on 'forestalling' and the injury it does, a man in handicappers' eyes that is well worth the perusal of followers oh the- sprinting game. « The Carrington proprietary, are con templating holding a 350ydfe. race- over jight hurdleB 2ft. high. *Ifi 3uah an event takes place I reckon it will be very popular as well aa novel. The officials of. the Carrington- ©Bounds deserve great credit for their prompt action in r c the SamuelstClarke match on Monday. They heard that things were not all that they, should be, and con sequently refused' them, permission to charge admission at the- gates, but they offered to allow, them the use of the grounds and throw the gates open to the publio free. Thin would not suit, so tho match fell through. A runner named Bone secured first prize in Thornton's Handicap at Botany on Saturday last. Two Temora peds,. J. King and A. Brown, are matched to run 125yds on February 29 for fifty aside,. As they are ohampionB np there a great race is expeoted. Two amateurs — S. Jordan, of Byde, and H. Schwartzkoffi, of Parramatta — ran best two out 'of thre» events, 100, 125, and 150 yards on Saturday afternoon last at Parra matta, and the well-known cricketer, Schwartzkoffi, winning the 100 and 150 yards, won the matoh. The time for the 100yds occupied lOJseo, and the 150yds 15 8-10sec. At Coba* on Saturday last a good race (200yds) was contested botween Hunt and Harris for fifty aside, and the latter won rather easily. In Newcastle the Carrington starts have mot with great approval. The general opinion, is that the Consultation Handicap is one of the best adjusted that ha3 yet been run under tho management of the Carrington committee. Charlie Thomas on 34yds is looked upon as haying a greit show, .whilst ttio chances of Woodtborpe 33 and W. Biloy 34 aro not despised. Liddle's name is also montioned, and many of tho miners consider that they will run well up in the handioap. Wallsend Atblotio Club is not in such a flourishing condition aa it might be, and with a View of augmenting the funds a day's running will take place on Saturday, 11th instant. Good entries havo been re ceived, and some good running should bo witnessed. ' i Skinner, of America, ' copped out' in the Botany quarter, and ran Atkinson a great race. He is not, I think, nearly wound up, so when lie's properly fit he'll bo a daisy. Running a umn like Atkmsori toa lmlt'* yard in a quarter, his pet distance, run in ,48-1!-Saec., shows he's no waster, and we'll ?hear from him shortly. I've been led to believe that. M'Comb was the best of the two visitors, but after what I saw on Saturday I'm quite convinced Skinner is the gold-mine. . ? Myers would have had a merry time of it at Botany on Saturday even if he had boon in his best ' fix.' He had to concede Tasker 20yds and was put out in the first round in 4S 3-5sec, and then the final was won in 417 2-5sec, so he had not a thousand to one show. Learhinan was favourite for the heat that Tasker won, but I fancy old Mick is getting into the ' sere and yellow leaf,' and will have to give long distance goes best. Certainly the heat was run in good time but Mick couldn't finish, and both he and Myera stopped together, the sturdy Queenslander walking in. Bo-b Stokes was greatly fancied in his heat, but that racehorse, Morrissey, finish ing like a lion, fairly crushed him and walked in. You could get any amount of 2's to 1 against the winner, so the public did very well, for he was backed freely, but; the fielders got even, for they laid a lot of 6 to 4'b against the ' old 'un.' Now Bob, you've got a good show at Carrington, so let's see you win there. In the fifth heat, at Botany, won by Wilson, 27yds., two men were backed, Lazarus at 6'- to 4 and the winner 2 to 1 against. Neileon was making the pace for Lazarus, at least so I supposed, and he did a very nasty thing. When he had gone about-300yds-he commenced to look round for someone and' found Wilson on his heelsj and for about 50yds he would not let him pass, and had' the race been anything like good, Wilson would surely have lost. The vigilant committee had their eyes skinned, andi asked Wilson if he had been interfered with- but he was satisfied at having won, so said nothing. Com mittees should. come-down heavily on men behaving in this style,, for a little jostling like that in a final would lose a man a race, and the public's money find its way into wrong channels. Junner, 20yds., had a very easy win in his first heat, Burtt being the only man to make him i try. The heat was fun in SOaee., and was won in a walk. The public laid 3's to li on, so- they did well, but those plungers -who took the & to 4'b about his chance in the- final were ' sent for.' The betting; from, the time he won his first heat showed that something was wrong, for from. & to 4 against he receded to4-to- 1 against, and plenty ef it. He- ran terribly bad all the way, and i although) he was the _ best conditionedi man- in the raee, and finished the freshestrof ithe lot, he- was a good half dozen yards- off; at the worsted. He was credited with.doing 47sea-, when he won at Maitland a .week ago, and I believe by the way in whieh .he ran, his first heat that he could have done it again on Saturday had he- been, wanted. I don't fancy he'll, be so well treated again at Botany. Wk'.'L ove hadi 12yds. from Joe Price, and rompedi in. Joe ran well for abont 350yds., but he hadi to. give up, and did not finish. The-heat was run in 49 1-lOsec, so Joe could not.have- been very well, or else he wonld have been much closer. Both these men were even favourites at 6 to 4 against.. L should imagine Love will make things-unsettled in a quarter one of these days. M'Grory and. Byrnes- had a good go, but until 50yds. from, home- it didn't look as if the i former. was- 'wanted.' However, he ran two strides. to Byrnes' one at the finish and fairly smothered him. Byrnes started 4 red hot pot at 6; to 4--on and M'Grory at 3 to 1 against, so the books had a scoop. These two seemed the only triers, for no one. else finished nor even made a decent race o£:it in 49isec. The.-Betany quarter could be teriued an intercolonial contest, for there was one Queenslander-, one New South Welshman and two -Victorians placed, while two New South. Welshmen, and one other Victorian Competed in the final event. I thought the Sydney, man, Atkinson, would ' get home, but ? he- had bad luck. A man running second, in a Botany Handicap and then second in a quarter has astonishingly bad luck,, and 'no one- would be more pleased than, myself to congratulate Jimmy on a really -good win. He has made himself very popular by his gentlemanly and un assuming manner, and well deserves some good luck. However, remember Jim, it's a long. lane that has no turn, so you must get home yet. ' . , Tasker ia making himself known since ihe came here. He has been placed third |at Botany and fourth at Carrington in finals !of sprint races, and has now appropriated h-. [quarter. Since he came from Queensland! Dame Fortune ha3 smiled very sweetly on. him, for besides his two places and this win I believe he won a Stawell Handicap in Victoria under an assumed name, audi no w he has a good show in the Carrington Hurdle Eace, and by the way I've seen him fence up north on a couple of occasions I'm sure he is equal to ' tho task of very nearly winning this race. I'm very sues we didn't see him at his best iu ttva- last Carrington Hurdles, and he is not crushed, either, on 27yds. in the big Handicap.. 