The Gilded Charm. [THE STOBT OF A SUDDEN FOEXOHB AKD A SCDDEX Loss.] PBOLOGUE.—PABT I.—COKMNND. The English servant, who was, like his master, Captain Ladds, a man of few words, pointed to the young mas, who stood close by with the other leader of the expedition. The man snatched"from the jaws of death took off his shaky thorn-beset felt, and solemnly held oat his hand. " Sir," he said, "I do not know yonr name, and you do not know mine. If yon did yon would not be much happier, because it is not a striking name. If you'll oblige me, sir, by touching that" —he meant his right hand—" we shall be brothers All that's mine «>i»li be yours. I do not ask you, sir, to reciprocate. All that's mine, sir, when I get anything, shall be yours. At present, sir, there is nothing; but Pre Luck behind me. Shake hands, sir. Once a mouse helped a lion, sir. Ifs in a book. I am tbe mouse, sir, and you are the lion. Sir, my name Gilead P. Beck." The young man laughed and shook hands with him. *'I only fired the first shot," he explained. " My friend here " " No; first shot disabled—hunt finished then— Grisly out of the running. Glad you're not clawed—unpleasant to be clawed- Young un did it. No thanks. Tell us where we are." Mr. Gilead P. Beck, catching the spirit of th6 situation, told them where they were, approximately. *• This," he said, "is Patrick's Camp; at leak, it was. Hie Pioneers of '49 could tell •on a good deal about Patrick's Camp. It was here that Patrick kept his store. In those old dayB—they're gone now— if a man wanted to buy a blanket,, that article, sir, was put into one scale, and weighed down with gold-dust in the other.. Same with a pair *>f boots; same with a pound of raisins. Patrick might have died rich, sir, but he didn't —none of the pioneers did—so he died poor; and died in his boots, too, like most of the lot" " Not much left of the camp." " No, sir, net much. The mine gave s out. lien they moved up the hills, d where, I conclude, yoa gentlemen are o on your way. Prospecting likely. The w new town, called Empire (Sly, ought t to be an ISttr or so up the track. I was trying to find my way there when I met with old Grisly. Perhaps if I had let him alone he would have let me alone. But I blazed at him, and, sir, I missed him; then he shadowed me. And the old rifie'B gone at last." " How long did die chase last ? " "I should say, eir, forty days and forty nights, or there about And you gentlemen are going to £mpire City f " " We are going anywhere. Perhaps, for the present, you had better join us." PROLOGUE.—PART II. MB, GILEAD P. BECK, partly recovered from jlhe shock caused to his nerves by the revengeful spirit of the bear, and in no wpy discomfited I y any «»i false shame as to biB rat jj cd sippeurance, marched beside the iwu Englishmen. It was characteristic <>f his nationality that be regarded the gi '-at-ers with contempt, and that he joined the two gentlemen as if he belonged to their ' grade and social rank. Au Englishman picked up in such rags and duds would have shrunk abashed b> the rear, or.he would hav» npolojnzed for his tattered condition, ur Lv >.<><tiii have tieg^ed fur some garments—nny puiueiite — to replace his own. Mr, Beck hnd no nnch feeling. He strode along with a swinging slouch, which covered the ground as rapidly as the step of the horses. The wind blew his rags about his long and lean figure as picturesquely as if he were another Autolycus. He was as full of talk as that worthy, and as lightsome of Jspirit, despite' the solemn gravity of his face. I once saw a poem—I think in the Spectator—on Artemus Ward, iu which the bud apostrophized the light-hearted merriment of the Western American: a very unfortunate thing to say, because the Western American is externally a most serious person, never merry, never witty, but always humorous, Mr. Beck was quite grave, though at the moment as happy as that oilier grave and thoughtful person who has made a name in the literature of humour— Panurge—when he escaped half-roasted from the Turk's Serai. " I ought," he said, " to sit down and cry, like the girl on die prairie." " Why ought you to cry ?," " I guess I ought to cry because I've lost my rifle and everything except my Luck "—here he pulled at the "steel chain—" in that darned long stern chase." •< You can easily get a new rifle," said Jack. "With dollars," interrupted Mr. Beek. " As for them, there's not a dollar left—nary a red cent: only mv IIUDK." " And what is your Luck ? " " Tbat," stud Mr. Beck, " I will tell you by-and-by. Perhaps it's your Luck, too, young boss," he added, tbinlring of a shot as fortunate to himaplf as William Tell's was to his son. He pulled the box attached to the steel chain round to the front, and looked at it tenderly. It was safe, and he heaved a sigh. The way wound up a valley—a road marked only, as has been earn, by deep ruts along its course. Behind the travellers the evening son was slowly sinking in the west; before them the peaks of the Sierra lifted their heads, coloured purple in the evening light; ° V - i t h e / ^ r 0S6 tb . 6 hi £ Bide l 8 ' with their dark foliage in alternate " splashes " of golden light and deepest shade. It wanted but a quarter of an hour to sunset when Mr. Gilead P. Beck pointed to a township which suddenly appeared, lying at their very feet " Empire City, I reckon." A good-sized town of wooden houses, They were all alike, and of the same build as that affected by the. architects of dolls' houses; that is to say, they were of one story only, had a door in the middle, and a window on either side. They were BO small, also, that they looked veritable dolls' houses. There were one or two among them of more pretentious appearance, and of several stories. These were die hotels, billiard-saloons, bars, and gamblinghouses. " Ifs a place bound to advance, sir," said Mr. Beck proudly. " Empire City, when I first saw it, which is two years ago, was only two years old. It is only in pur country that a great city springs op in a day. Empire City will be the Chicago of the West" " I see a city," said Captain Ladds; " can't see the people." It was certainly curious. There was not a soul in the streets; there was no smoke from the chimneys ; there were neither carts nor horses; there was not the least sign of occupation. Mr. Gilead P. Beck whistled. "All gone," he said. "Guess the city's busted up " He pushed aside the brambles whioh grew over what had been a path leading to the place, and hurried down. The others followed him, and rode into the town. It was deserted. The doors of the houses were open, and if you looked in you might see the rough furniture which the late occupants disdained to carry away with than. The two Englishmen dismounted, gave their reins to the servants, and began to look about them. The decendantsof Og, king of fiashan, have left their houses in black basalt, dotted about the lava-fields of the Hauran, to witaesshow they lived. In the outposts of the. desert stations of the East, the Homan soldiers have left their barracks and their baths, their jokes written on the wall, mid 4heir names, to show how they passed away the weaiy hours of garrison duty. So the miners who founded Empire City, and deserted it en matte when tile gold gave out, left behind them marks by which future explorers of the ruins hould know what manner of men once welt there. • Tbe billiard-saloon stood pen, with swinging doors; the table as still there; the balls lay about on he table and the iloor; the cues stood in tbe rack ; the green doth, mildewed, covered the table " Tommy," said the younger, " we will have a game to-night." The largest building in the place had been au hotel. It had two stories, and was, like tbe rest of the houses, built of wood, with a verandah aiong die front. The upper story looked as if it had been recently inhabited; that is, the shutters were not dropping off the hinges, nor were they flapping to and fro in the breeze. But the town was deserted; the evening breeze blew chilly up its vacant streets; life and sound had gone out of the place. "I feel cold," said Jack, looking about him. They w«±ut round to the back of the liuiel. Old iron cog-wheels lay rusting on the ground with remains of pumps. In the heart of the town behind the hotel stretched «» open space of ground covered with piles of shingle and intersected witli diti hes. Mr. Beck eat down and adjusted one of the thorns which served as a temporary shirt-stud. "Two years ago," he said, "there were teu thousand miners here; now there isn't one. 1 thought we should find a choice Lotel, with a little monty or poker afterward*. Now no one left; nothing but a Chinaman or two." " How do you know there are Chinamen?" " See those stones ? " He pointed to some great boulders, from three to six feet in diameter. Some operation of a mystical kind had been performed upon them, for they were jagged and chipped as if they had been filed and cut into shape by a sculptor who had been once a dentist and still loved the profession. "The miaere picked the boneB of those rocks, but they never pick quite clean. Then the Chinamen come and finish off. Gentlemen, it's a special Providence that you picked me up. I don't altogether admire the way in which that special Providence was played up to in the matter of the bar; but a Christian without a revolver alone among twenty Chinamen " He stopped and . shrugged his shoulders. " They'd have got my Luck," he concluded. "Chief, I don't like it," said the younger man. "It's ghostly. Ifs a town of dead men. As soon as it is dark the ghosts will rise and walk about—play billiards, I expect. What shall we do?" •' Hotel," growled the chief. " Sleep ou floor—sit on chairs—eat off a table." They entered the hoteL A most orderly bar : the glasses there; the bright-coloured bottles; two or three casks of Bourbon whisky; the counter; the very dice on the counter with which the bar-keeper used to " go" the miners for drinks. How things at once so necessary to civilized life and so portable as dice were left behind it is impossible to explain. Everything was there except the drink. Ihe greasers tried the casks and examined the bottles. Emptiness. A miner may leave behind him the impedimenta, but the real necessaries of life—rifle, revolver, bowie, and cards —he takes with him. And as for the drink, he carries that away too, for greater safety, inside himself. The English servant looked round ! himand smiled mperior. «.No topfor be<fr> a8ueualj eir» he said. " These pore Californians has much to learn." Mr. Gilead P. Beck looked round mournfully. " Everything gone but the fixin's," he sighed. "There used to be good beds, where there wasn't more'n two at once in them; and there used to be such a crowd around this bar as you would not find nearer'n St Louis City." " Hush!" said Jack, holding up his hand. There were steps. Mr. Beck pricked up his ears. " Chinamen, likely. If there's a row, gentlemen, give me something, if it's only a toothpick, to chime in with. But thafs not a Chinese step; thafs an Englishman's. He wears boots, but they are not miner's boots; he walks firm and slow, like an Englishman; he is not in a hurry, like folk. And who but an Englishman would be found staying behind in the Empire City when it's gone to pot?" The footsteps came down the stairs. " Most unhandsome of a ghost," said the younger man, " to walk before midnight." The producer of the footsteps appeared. " Told you he was au Englishman!" cried Mr. Beck. Indeed, there was no mistaking the nationality of the man, in spite of his dresB, which was cosmopolitan. He wore boots, but not, aB the quick ear of the American told him, the great boots of the miner; he had on a flannel shirt with a red-olk belt; he wore a sort of blanket thrown back from his shoulder; and he had a broad felt hat. Of course he carried arms, but they - were not visible. He was a man of middle height, with clear blue eyes; the perfect complexion of an Englishman of good stock and in complete health; a brown beard, long and rather curly, streaked with here and there a grey hair; square and clearcut nostrils; and a mouth which, though not much of it was visible, looked as if it would easily smile, might readily become tender, and would certainly find it difficult to be stern. He might be any age,'from five and thirty to five and forty. The greasers fell back and grouped about the door. The questions which might be raised had no interest for them. The two leaden stood together; and Mr. Gilead P. Beck, rolling an empty keg to their side, turned it up, and sat down with the air of a judge, looking from one party to the other. "Englishman, Isee," said thestranger "Ye-yes," said Ladds, not, as Mr. Beck expected, immediately holding out his hand for the stranger to grasp. (Ta be coniixuetLJ 