FROM AN IRISH LADY. IRELAND IN ITS SOCIAL ASPECTS. No. XIX. Deab Cousin,—I am glad to be able to answer your question about the elk-horns satisfactorily. They are found from time to time in our bogs, but being rather rare they are a little expensive to buy. Sometimes they can be had for a moderate price, by chance, and a friend of mine purchased a pair for the hall of her country house in England for the sum of seven pounds. Elks found in the bogs are fourteen feet high, and their horns are very handsome. Indeed, I think, considering what splendid and curious contributions they make to our modern museums and treasuries, and considering many things besides, our bogs are not by any means the least interesting feature of our interesting island. We have two kinds of bogs—flat bogs, lying on plains, often known as red bogs, from their red or red-brown colour, and mountain bogs, on the tops, sides, and valleys of mountains. The flat bogs spread chiefly over the central portion of the country, as the Bog of Allen, east of the Shannon, which occupies portions of five counties, broken here and there by belts of dry cultivated country, and the Kildare portion alone of which is 530,000 acres, or 57 miles in extent. In the whole country there are about 1000 considerable flat bogs, in size varying from 500 acres downwards. A good deal of bog has been, and is, from time to time reclaimed, but the process is expensive, and if it be discontinued, the bog quickly falls backs into its original state. Our bogs come to us with our. inheritance of clouds and rainbows, and the swift, frequent rainfallsthat swell our rivers andfeedourlakes and tarns. Out of the growth and decay of aquatic plants, especially of the ephagnum, o bog moss, the bog is made, even without the debris of vanished forests, which in many placeB have gone to their formation. The word bog-land suggeBtB a dreary country to the casual observer, but anyone who has lived with a bog, and has eyes to see, knows that it is rich in picturesque beauty, and as redolent of pathetic feeling as of the pungent aroma which, in burning, is exhaled from the fibres of its heart. Its beauty lies in the long, level, or slightly undulating lines of colour, strangely varied, and gradated from brown to madder-red, from orange to tawny, grey folding over purple, and purple losing itself in deep,, dense, melancholy black: Here the shadows are broken by a jagged pool, keen and bright as a scimitar, and blue as little Bridget's eyes; and there, against the low lying mist that silvers the darkest point, hovers a flight of moor birds, with level wings, now soaring in a curved trail, now dipping and disappearing where yon streak of living amber melts into the tender grey. Our bog-land has its own delicate surface growths, not alone the rich crimson and purple heather, the skirting bracken and ferns, and golden and dark-blue iris; but over the very quagmire itself floats from its thread-like stem the dainty white tassel of the bog-cotton, supplying down fit for fairy pillows, and the bogTmyrtle flourishing in the moisture, and the grey-green rushes and long sedgy grass setup their irregular spears where the water runs deepest, and give out «lfin music in tune With the whistle of the wind. .To see the bog beautiful in its perfection, you must have it .backed by a range of grey hills or a great soleinn mountain, with, perhaps, a lake . lying like a diamond gathered in the lap of }ts purple robes, .and, -maybe, the swift coming waves of the Atlantic breaking at its feet; and you ought.to have the peculiar ight and atmosphere of a fine smtn ! draw forth the f ull treasure of its S Z 1 0 of colour Yet the bog i n i t s w ^ H 1 has a pathetic beauty of its own, I X , rather than describedworth studying, perhaps rather poetic picturesque, but with a vivid meaning 1 I Glancing from the beautiful to theuseM j we see the kindly heart of our bog I with our home fires, giving forth its w 1 stored heats to blaze on the poor ^ I hearth so bountifully that the Irish peasant! seldom suffers from dearth of fuel, i„ ^ I tion to hunger and other miseries. Anjl little child can run to the bog and CJ| home an armful of " sods," to build np the! dear, glowing, fragrant fire, which reddens I generously the rude cabin walls, and castsits 1 glamour over the circle round the hearth,! inspiring the fiddlerto give forth hiB jig an J slanthy, and encouraging the story-teller to| tell of ghost and fairy, and ancient 1 and queen, and ships that went to| sea, and distant lands, and fr and brothers and lovers who will cornel sailing back again. Who that sat at a turf fire in a bog-country andl reamed hazy dreams and saw isions in its red heart does not love the] ragrance of a bit of burning " turf" morel han the most delicate of Rimmel's < erfumes? I knew of an exile of Erin who! reasured a few sods of turf, and whenpai-f icularly home-sick, would burn a bit on the| himneypiece as one would burn a ; nd weep a he&rtful; before the last -nhiVefl sh bad fallen where the sparks had beenj og-wood has also a dour, and when the peasant makes himsell| torch by cutting a long slit from esinous trunk he has turned out of the logl and uses it as a candle, then the forest of| old, of ancient oak, and birch, and fir, g forth its aromatic spices freely under the| flame. But other uses our bogs have besides! furnishing fire and candle for the pooi.| In penal days, they provided refuge shelter for the persecuted, who know! ing how to navigate the quagmires ml] traverse the dangerous morass, sanctuary in the little dry spots—oases in the] watery desert where neither priest-hunte nor Cromwell's trooper could follow them Fr. Ford, S. J., for instance, built himself i hut in: the bogs, and gathered round him i school of hoys and youths, who built theifl huts round his, and gathering thustrndetj difficulties the teachings that fell from tin saintly benefactor, made "great progreri in learning and virtue, much to tbij consolation of the holy Jesuit. Thenoti bogs have proved a most curious storehom for records and treasures of the past. Goldei antique ornaments, wooden drinking cupt ancient bronze weapons, amulets, shoes «n| turies old, brazen utensils, arrows, butt spears, gold cups and chalices, anciei trumpets, elk, and other huge sail extinct in Ireland, whole trees, htu bodies, are only a few of the varieties of long! buried objects which the bogs are perpetually giving forth. A hedge intact, a plough, furrowed field, with the furrows undisturbf have all been uncovered by the cutting e bogs at.various depths. Tew trees, 30 f« in diameter, are often found, but tie jnw curious object ever yet so unearthed was (' body of a man, discovered in a bog in t County Galway in the summer of 1821, ni feet below the surface. The body, whi had all the appearance of recent death, that of a handsome young tuan of fo«ffl aspect, with long black hair hanging loosdj on his ,shoulders, and was clothed in s li" dress of skin, thought to be that of ma deer (elk), with the hair worn inward, each side of the bpdy was a long pole,l those mentioned by Tacitus, used by I ancient Silures forj bounding over straw The antiquity of this creature was proved J the great depth of its deposit in ' earth and by its clothing, as wool garments were in use in Ireland M«| oenturies before the arrival of English. It has been concluded that oj was one of the Firbolgs, and lost his WeP the chase, of which the Firbolgs were p« sionately fond. The peculiar preservingP™ perties of the bog had kept the body witn°» decay or loss of colour, but, after expowwj the air for a short time, it rapidly cromw« away. A less ghastly contribatonwM ancientlrish harp found inabogin tbev® Limerick, on the estate of Sir BichardJU" and given to the lateDr.O'flft»< whose death it was thrown into » w» and, finally, burned by a servant as r M ' It was much smaller than the in use, and the strings, of which ttoe remained, with pegs for others, were of Za Judging by the depth of earth in hich it was found, Dr. Petrie believed it to be one thousand years old. The manner in which the beds of trees are discovered is curious. A man goes out at early morning rith a spear, and wherever he sees that the dadoes not lie on the surface of the bog, there be plunges in his spear, sounding for the tree, which is generally found beneath j], e 6pot from which the dew has been socked down. Stories of the strange discoveries made in bogs might be multiplied indefinitely, also of the adventures of persons who have indiscreetly set out to explore them. Qabriel Berangee, the Frenoh artist, while living in Ireland, got into a bog with Colonel Turner, an Irish gentleman, and gives a humorous description ol his sufferings while literally »bog-trotting" for many hours, unable to put down both feet for an instant under pain ol instant death, struggling wildlyjto find a my hack to solid earth, and with nothing visible but heaven and bog around him, Ko doubt the treachery of the bogs has, in v, made a plentiful harvest of victims. j a life has been silently extinguished in the qnagmire. The belated traveller fails to see the landmarks which will show him where to place his feet; the little child strays out towards the beautiful [plains to gather ' the aerial and glowing colours he sees scattered in the distance, and both sleep andecayed under the whistling sedge and the fioating bog-cotton, to reappear on earth, is, after the lapse of centuries, like the Firbolg, with his ashen poles and his coat of elk-skin. 