The Strange Adventures of a House-boat. 13 v William Black. CHAPTER III. ' By the rushy frinped bank Where grows the willow, and the osier dank, My sliding chariot stays.' ' There's my dear ! There's my pretty one !' crics Queen Titania, as wo drive up to Waterloo Station ; forthwith one catches sight of a tall young lady, bright-eyed and smiling} coming quickly towards the cab ; the next instant the two friends are together on the platform, kissing each other in the wasteful and foolish fashion peculiar to women. To the humble bystander it is left to regard Miss Peggy's cos tume, which is quite admirable in its neatness and apparent inexpensiveness ; of navy blue serge it is, with the jacket open in front, and slowing a vest of soft white merino with silver buttons. At present she wears a bonnet and gloves ; but we know that she has with her a sailor's hot of cream wliite straw; and wo hope in due lime, on board ship, to teach her the usefulness of bare hands. The luggage having been looked after, the three of us get into a carriage. 'No, Peggy,' snys Queen Tita, gravely, 'you needn't lo ik round. He isn't here.' '?Oh,' says Peggy, with reproachful eyes, 'as if I wanted anybody but you.' ijierewiiii sne laices nor tricna s hand in both of hers and presses it most affectionately ; and then, sidling close to her on tho seat, she interlinks their arms, and hugs her tightly, just as if these two were determined' to go through the world together, unheed ing all the rest of mankind. And as for the third person in this railway carriage ? Oh, his share in the whole performance is to pay. He may have laboured days and nights to get everything in readiness ; he may have worn his eyes out in the perusal of ordnance survey maps ; he may have 6pent untold gold on tinned meats and biscuits ; and now he is of no more account ; he may, if ho pleases, buy a penny newspaper, retire into a corner of the carriage, and read the Parliamentary reports. But there is one reflection that cannot escape him ; which is, that endear ments between women are the l'oolish est things on the face of this earth. They impose on no one. They afford no possible kind of satisfaction to the recipient of them ; and there is not a man alive who does not see that they are a mere hollow pretence. To return to business : our start, after all, was rather a haphazard affair, because some of our arrange ments had broken down at the last moment. For one thing, the facto tum of a steward provided by Jack Duncombe proved to bo much too astute a person for simple folk liko us. Doubtless he knew a great deal more about the Thames and about house-boats than we did ; and we were willing, in a measure, to be in structed ; but when it came to innumerable conditions and half hinted stipulations, we had to point out to him, gently but firmly, that we did not at all look upon his going with us in the light of an obligation. Finally we had politely to request him to betake himself to the outer most edge of Limbo, himself and all his idotic requirements ; and then says Mrs. Threepenny-bit — ' Why, you know who are the only obliging race of people we have ever met! Were do we ever get courtesy and kindness and goodwill except iu the West Highlands ? If I were you I wouldsend right away for Murdoch.' ' A Highland steward on the Thames !' ' At all events he will be good naturcd, and obliging, and plenum t- mannered. I'd rather havo him --n board than any of the confectioner creatures you see at Henley ngutlii. And so would you, Peggy, I know; for he is very good looking', and you could fall back on him if there was no one else.' 'Why do you say such thin era 0f me ? ' says our poor iujured i'ey-irv. However, it was there and^then resolved to send for Murdoch Maclean of Tobermory, in the island of Mull ; who came— sadly bewildered by the size and roar of London ; and was at once sent on to Kingston. Thither also Jack Duncombe had gone down ? for there was some little trouble about getting a man and a horse to tow us up to Oxford— where more permanent arrangements were to be made. Thus it was that we three set forth bv our selves ; two of U6 making ostentatious display of their silly affection for each uther ; the third driven m self defence to the invertebrate garrulities of the House of Commons. As the train slowed into Kingston station we perceived a young gentle man eageny scanning the carriages. He was a straight-limbed, slimly built young iellow, of pale complex ion, with good features, intelligent grey eyes, chestnut -brown hair, and a small brown moustache. He wore a blue jacket, white ducks, and yacht ing shoes. ' Peggy,' said the elder of tho two women, as they stepped out and on to the platform, 'let me intro duce to you Mr. Duncombe — Miss Ucs.-dvn.' The quick look of surprise that appeared on the young mini's face ? Had our familiar speaking about Peggy de ceived him ? Perhaps he was not prepared to find this American young lady so distinguished-looking, and so calm I and self-possessed, to say nothing of_ the observant, direct i glance of her clear shining eyes. Miss Peggy bowed com I placeiitlv and not unkindly; and the young man, recover | ing a little from his embarrassment, turned to his hostess ! and explained that he had a youth below and a bairow for the transference of our luggage, and that he had lett Murdoch in charge of the boat. Then these two, the luggage having been carried down, walked on ahead; leaving Miss Peggy to follow with the only companion left her. ' Well ? ' one says to her, by way of encouragement and inquiry. . She does not care to look up in answer ; you would think s]ie was quite interested in the dusty road before her. ' Well ?' And then Miss Peggy slowly raises her eyes, when she has had time to make them quite inscrutable. It is a trick she lia6 when she dares you to read any meaning into them. ' Well r' ' What is it ?' she says, with thp most beautiful inno cence. though there is the smallest, faintest curve at the rud of her lips that speaks of a dark concealment. ' What do you think of him r' ' Of j our friend ?' she 6ays artlessly ; and she glances ahead. ' Oh, well, I think he is rather good- looking; that is all one can Bay as yet.' _ ' Miss Peggy, are you going to let him alone ?' Again the plaintive, injured look. ' I didn't think you were going to accuse roe of 'sucli things, even in fun. You are always kind to me— and defending me against everybody. Besides, didn't I tell you you would Bee for yourself, all the day Ions, Low well I behave ?' 'But you musn't behave too well, Miss Peggy : that would never do. We might begin to think you hud some defi nite kind of a character about you. Don't you know what made that small woman there determined to inveigle you into going with us ? It was because you had no angles of character at all, because 3'ou were nothing hut simply nice.' ?' Did she say I was nice r' she inquires with a touch of shvness. ' She did.' ' And did you agree with her ?' asks this bold husfiv, showing- what her shyness is worth. ?*- ' I ? Oh, well, that's asking questions, and too soon. You know what tho nian said who went off iu a balloon by himself; he said 1 This is very nice I hope' We'll see, Miss Peggy ; we'll have a little scrutiny of your conduct before saying anything definite. We'll give you a written warranty afterwards.' ' And that is all you trust me? ' says Miss Pe«rgv, look ing very, very much hurt and aggrieved. '? Well, then, I will tell you this: sometimes I imagine it is you. who say all those wicked things about me, while professing to bo my frieud the whole time. I believe it is your wile who is my real friend; and it is you who put suspicions into her mind. But 1 will show you tow wrong you are. I will just show you how wrong you are. And then, when you are heartily ashamed of vourself, I hope you will apologise.' 'I will.'' At this moment Miss Peggy is regarding those other two in front ; a smile begins to hover about her lips ; the fain test dimple appears in her cheek: but her eyes are inscrut ably grave. She turns towards her companion. ' Yes; he is rather good-looking. Don't you think so ?' she says. ' You villain!' No other protest is possible, for 'here we are down at the river, and there is the long white tiling — an elongated Noah's Ark — a white-washed gondola itsecnis— thutis to be our home for many a day. And here is Murdoch come ashore — a sailor-like, sunburned youug fellow, who has made himself smart iu his steward suit and peaked cap. He is very bashful before the young lady stranger; he waits to be spoken to by Queen Tila, who is an old friend and seafaring comrade of his. ' Weil, Murdoch,' says Bhe, ' and what do you think of the boat, now you have seen her ?' Murdoch glances towards the nameless barge with evident disfavour, but he is too courteous to say anything too disparaging. ' I thought, Mem, it wass to be a yat,' he says, still re garding that long white eel of a thing. ' A yacht V Oh no. Wo couldn't take a yacht away inland* Why,' she says, with a smile, looking at him, ' I believe you are quite disappointed ! ' 44 Oh, no, Mem. Maybe it is a good boat for tbe pur pose— maybe it uz. But 1 would not like for us to be going round ltu Runish in thai.' ' I dare say not, But she could lie at anchor well enough in the Sound of Ulva, couldn't she ? You remember the place, Murdoch?' There is a quick look of pleasure in Murdoch's clear, dark-blue eyes. 'Ay, indeed, Mem ; it wass many's the time we were in there; and a nice place it wass to be in, Mem, when the Gometra men did not forget to bring us bread from the steamer.' 'Murdoch, this is Miss Rosslyn ; she is an American young lady, who wants to see all about England, you know : and you'll have to do everything to make her comfortable while she is on board.' ' Oh, yes, Mem; but I wish tho young leddy wass going with us on a yat, Mem,' says Murdoch, rather patheti cally : it is clear that he regards our present expedition as a sad falling off from others he has'known in former days. Queen Tita looks at him and laughs a little. ' I do really believe, Murdoch, you are sorry you came south !' ' Oh, no, Mem ; indeed, not that, Mem,' says this 'bashful-eyed young fellow (who would scarcely oven look Peggy's way). ' I am sure I do not care what kind of a boat it uz, if you will ask me to go, Mem ; and it's ferry glad I am to bo going with you, Mem, whateffer the kind of boat.' It was a pretty speech, in intention; and may have helped to put that sprat of a woman into an amiable frame of mind. At all events, when we got the two of them bundled on board, disappointment was not the mood in which they took possession of their new quarters. They were simply delighted with every thing; could not express' their admiration of all the cunning little arrangements ; must needs ransack the pantry, and overhaul the cooking apparatus; were astonished at the convenience and snugnoss of the berths ; and then, when it was intimated to them that the saloon forward, when not required for meals, was to be their own especial boudoir, into which meaner members of the com pany might occasionally be admitted on invitation, you should have seen how naturally Queen Tita began to roll up the red silk blinds of the 'small windows, so as to let plenty of light in, and Miss Peggy, taking her banjo from its case, at onco found a hook where it could hang. 'We must get some flowers for tho table,' says ^?God grant I have no need of thcc says her friend, addressing die waterproof that she is folding up for stowage in the rack. They were at home at once. Thoy sat down opposite eich other, to admire all the cheap Tottenham-court-road finery around them— the Utrecht velvet cushions, the mirrors, the sconces, and what not ; and they had no word 0° complaint against the character of the decoration. ' Well, I do think this is very comfortable,' says the elder of them. '? I call it perfectly charming,' says the younger. ' 1 am sure we are very much obliged to Mr. Duncombe — where is he?' And then 'she cries : ' Why, I declare we're moving! ' There could be no doubt of the fact ; for a glance out at th.? forward window showed that we were being towed across the river by a small boat pulled by two men. And of course the women must needs see the start; and as that forward window was found to open on to a space of deck at th9 bow, they had no difficulty in getting out there, and commanding an excellent view of all that was going on. Where was Jack Duncombe all this time? Why, ho wis steering. He was responsible for all the arrangements ot our setting- forth: and his air was serious, not to 6ay i -uportant. He had neither word nor look for the women folk ; and they, of course, knew better than to talk to tbe man at the wlieei. They humbly looked on as he got the bovt close to the bank, and, springing ashore, proceeded to get ready the towing-line. The horse, adorned w ith hows of ribbon, was there, waiting; so was the driver. We should start in a minute at furthest. But alas! for our assiduous and serious-eyed young friend. No sooner is tho line attached than the gaily decorated steed appears to think he ought to do something; and what he does is far from what we want him to do. He proceeds to dance around on his hind legs, scattering: the Binall boys who have assembled, and paying no heed at all to the man, who clings desperately to his head. It is a humiliating spectacle— a beast pawing the air in that fashion, as it hie were imitating a bear at a show. Our women-folk are too ashamed to laugh; but Mr. Duncombe, no doubt, assumes that they are laughing ; and very angry he becomes. ? ' Wo' ! you confounded beast ! Comedown, you brute!' And then he says to the man : ' What did* your master mean by sending us a fool of a horse like this? We're not going to take a circus through the country. This is a nice sort of a creature for a canal tow-path !' Then, amid these gambols, crack ! goes something. ' Look here, now !' our young friend calls to the driver, who is still banging on to the animal's head. ' Here is this thing broken ! You'll have to go back. Take thiB kangaroo home, and bring us a horse. Get away, Von idiot!' This last ejaculation is caused by his having to skip aside from the lively pair of heel? — an undignified movement, at the best. The driver, a tall young man, gaunt of face, clad in a suit of pilot cloth, and wearing a skipper's hat — we called him Palinurus the moment we set eye6 on him — proceeds to unhitch the rope from the broken harness ; and tlien, m a melancholy manner, leads awav the disgraced, benbboued prancer. Jack Duncombe comes on board. Tho women don t say anything. He pretends that all is not quite ready for our departure. He consults Murdoch about tne stowage of the portmanteaus ; and then these two dis appear within the Noah's Ark. The women's faces remain demure. And yet we made a sufficiently pleasant start, after ?*uuei\ a Eecon-* horse— a large-boned white animal, T'l j. y maae and tail— was brought along and yoked , and glad enough were we when the vibra bration of the long, tight line and the swishing ot water at the bows told us we were really off. . was ® cheerful morning, too ; for if there was no posi tive sunlight, there was a white glare of heat ; the birds | were twittering everywhere ; the swallows skimming and darting over the surface of the silver- rippling river. Of course this was rather a well-known panorama that was silently by — the Surbiton villas among their abundant gardens — with here and there a boating party embarkiDg, and here and there a rosc-red sunshade visible under the young green of the trees ; and, indeed, some of us may have been wishing that we could get the Thames part of our voyage over and done with, and set foi th upon less familiar waters. But this we had to remember, that with us was a young American stranger, to whom every thing^ was new, who had an eager interest in places with historical associations, and who waB most amiably dis posed to be pleased with everything she saw. Hampton Court was not at all *' 'Appy 'Ampton' for our Miss | 1 eggv it was the palace that Henry VIII. gave to Car dinal \V olsev ; and 6he seemed surprised that we did not propose to stop at a place enriched with so many memories. ' Well,' said Mrs. Threepenny-bit, in the midst of our learned discourse, ' I am going inside to talk to Murdoch about lunch. 'i ou,' she says, to the humble chronicler of these events, ' you can stay here and entertain Peggy with English history. History — ves— that's what they call it' - 'Throw us a line, Guv'nor!'— Chapter III.— Stbange Adventures of a House-boat. ' What does she mean F' Bays Peggy, with artless , eyes. But just as if to rebuke the malignant levity of women— j who flunk of nothing but their own wretched little jibes and jeers among the serious cares and duties of life— not more than a minute after that we found ourselves out in ! the middle of the River Thames, helplessly adrift, and with j no visible means of reaching either shore. For at bamp- I ton Court the tow-path changes to the Surrey side ; Pali- j nurus had unhitched the line without leaving sufficient way J on tho boat to enable us to shoot the bridge ; we had no , oars, and the two poles we had on board could not reach | the bottom. This was a pleasant predicament; and : vet here was one woman looking on in mild amuse inent at our frantic efforts to save her worthless life ; and the other woman, rejoicing, no doubt, in the feeble sarcasm with which she took her leave, busy with 6uch inanities as plovers' eggs and pigeon-pie. By what superhuman endeavours we got that boat over to the other shore needs not to be described here : we found Pali nurus peacefully, if furtively, smoking his pipe; and Coriohuius— why we called him Coriolanus we never could make out; but 'it seemed natural, somehow— Coriolanus was nibbling at the grass on the bank. Presently, the line had been attached again, and our Bilent progress resumed ; and then, when we had disposed of tbe rough-and-tumble business of getting through. Moulsey Lock, a silver tink ling was heard within, which we knew to be Murdoch's summons to lunch; and Miss Peggy, forsaking history — ves, history— for the moment, was pleased to descend from her commanding position at the prow, and take her place at the oblong little table in the saloon. j Now this was the first occasion on which those two young people had really been thrown into each other's society; and it may be said at once that Queen Tita's fears, if she . had ever seriously entertained any, ought to have been dis- 1 sipated forthwith. Miss Peggy took not the slightest notice of the young man ; she did not even look his way ; you would have thought she was not aware of his existence. You see, Bhe was much interested in hearing about Cardinal Wolsey'e gold and silver plate, and hie more than regal hospitalities ; and she was very curious about the gentle- 1 women who now occupy rooms in Hampton _ Court J Pa!ace; and wanted to 'know all about their circuni- 1 stances and ways of life. As for Jack Duncombe, he j devoted himself entirely to his hostess : and of course he talked of nothing but this blessed boat. *' Well, you know,' he was saying, ' we must make little mistakes sometimes ; an excursion of this kind can't be done right off the reel. If it had been quite easy to do, everybody would have done it. And, besides, this isn't the least like an ordinary house-boat. The ordinary house boat, as you know, is a great big unweildy thing, with a square stem ; you don't go voyages iu her ; you contract to get her moved for you, when you want her moved ; and then you take down your party of friends, and have sky larkings. I suppose the builder fancied those bont-hooks would be long enough for all practical purposes ; but wait till we get to Staines, and then I' 11 look about for a right sort of pole. We live and leam. If the people at Hampton Court thought us duffers, they were welcome. We got the boat across, anyway.' ' Oh, but you mustn't apo'ogise,' she says kindly. ' I'm sure our start has been very successful. And I'm sure, too, that Miss llosslyn will be delighted with our English scenery, just when it is at its freshest and brightest.' Miss Itosslvn was engaged at the moment —with his tory. 'It will be far more interesting,' the youDg man pays, 'when we get away into the unknown districts. It. will be the most solitary expedition you can imagine. You know, (he railways have in many places bought up the canals : and these are almost disused' now ; if we only can get along, it will be the loneliest trip you ever tried. I hope we are all very good-natured.' ' Peggy,' she says suddenly, ' are you very good natured?' Peggy looks up, startled. 'No,* thank you; 1 won't have anything more,' she says. And then— not noticing the fiendish grin on the face of the woman who pretends to be her friend— Miss Peggy con tinues— ' Oh, isn't it beautiful '.—and the delicious silence— you can't tell how you are going — it feels like a kind of enchant ment. That window,' she says, regarding tbe larger one at the bow, ' has just tho proportions of an upright land scape ; and if you sit where I am, you see simply a succes sion of Corots —those tall poplars, and the glassy stream, and the white sky. I could not have imagined anything so delightful. It is hke being wafted through the air ' ? 'If you've all finished,' says Jack Duncombe— to whom Miss Peggy's remarks were not addressed—' I'll take a turn at the tiller, and let Murdoch come in to clear away.' So wc left the women to the enjoyment of their Corots — or to helping Murdoch, as they felt inclined ; and betook ourselves to cigars and steering astern. Well, it was pleasant enough; the gentle motion : the silence— save for the thrushes and blackbirds ; the suffused sunlight; the cool swish of the water along the boat; the gliding by of the placid English landscape, green with the verdure of the opening summer. And perhaps we enjoyed this luxurious idleness all the more that we knew there were harder days ahead of us — days of fighting with low bridges, and opening and closing untended locks; days of distant wanderings and privation, perhaps of anxious responsibility and care. At present our duties were mostly confined to taking a turn at the helm ; for as the steersman had to stand on an improvised thwart in order to see over the roof of the hcuse— with his arms supported by the iron 6tancheons meant for an awning— that ' Bpreadagle attitude could not be maintained for any great length of time. Of course, we ought to have had gear arranged by which the boat could have been 6teered from the forward deck; but we could not think of everying at the last moment ; besides, why Bhould the occupants of the cabin have their Corots spoiled for them by the interposition of a man's legs? But if our adventure at Hampton Court was unfortunate, our escapade at Shepperton was entirely lamentable and ignominious. Here the tow-path shifts to the Middlesex side, and the horse has to cross by ferry ; and hero, on, . more, Palinurus detaching the rope prematurely, we v, w , left helpless in mid-stream, with a strong cuii'ent cari-yi^,'. us down. Now, a man may Use a boat-hook ns i\n'r)ur' even as he may use a walking-stick in place of an uiubreli; ? but neither will avail him much ; accordingly f ou^j ourselves drifting broadside on to an ;sland. ' Kott pless me !' we heard Murdoch muttering u- hii,,. self as he was vainly endeavouring to reach the botu.in with one of these sticks, ' What iss to be done witii a L.ja like thus?1' Then a man came running along the bank. ' Throw us a line, guv'nor ! ' Jack Duncombe, who was at the bow, coils up the fov,-. ing-rope and heaves it, just getting it ashore. The ncv; instant our opportune friend (his soul no doubt exulta-'t with hopes of a shilling and subsequent beer) has g,-,( 1 line looped round his shoulders ; gradually he gels a litt-. wav on the boat; Murdoch has to take the tiller again : in this humiliating fashion we gain entrance to Shopper), Lock. That was a beautiful afternoon, still and (aim :(]. ? summer-like, up by Chertsey Mead and Lalehaui. Tiitj was not a breath of wind to ruffle the smooth flowing rivi , and the perfect reflections of the trees and bushes — in v,-;1, , hues of ycliow -green and olive — were ouiy disturbed wl^ the towing-line dipped and hit the surface into a shimm-i - ing silver-white. It was a peaceful landscape: v,; English-looking; in the distance there was a low , wooded hill, with here and there a churcli-spire tippeai-i;-. among the trees. 'Really,' says Mrs. Threcpcnny-bif, as we arc gctii^ into Penton Hook Lock, 'really 1 am quite ashamed ti see so much of the work falling upon Mr. Duucomly. shoulders, lie never gets a moment's rest.' 'He likes it. He is proud of his position as sailin.. master.' She turns to Miss Peggy. ' Peggy,' she says, ' you might at least go and I all; 1 ,, him while he is at the tiller.' 'I don't know Mr. Duncombe,' says Miss IV-ggv looking down ! ' I'm sure he would rather . have you i: ' and talk to him.' 'And leave you two to get back to your English h — is that what you want? Well, anyway, 1 have lij g : Eeoif Murdoch is making- preparation for dinner.' 'You'd better leave Murdoch alone,' i! is hero i-ii,,. posed. ' lie has had bis hands pretty full all day ; a,,;,'; bother him about dinner now.' ' Are we to starve ? ' 'It would do you good, once iu awhile.' '1 like to hear men talk like that ! We know viml ::i;, , on at their clubs, don't we, Peggy? Yes, aud at the of the City Companies, anetiic Mansion House, and ii: Koyal Academy — why, everything, anything, is an cxV. for tho juosr wasteful extravagance. However, there's thing : if there is to. be no dinner, it isn't l'eggy and J , will suffer the most. We shan't complain;' i-hull w;, Peggy?' 'I don't know,' says Peggy, irresolutely. ' If you would only wait a moment,' says the pov; ;? whose solo business in life scorns now 10 be eighteenpence to pay successive lock-keepers, 'i won: explain. We shall get up to Staines aboui; hali'-pasi 7 ,,;- 8; aud wc must go ashore to buv a proper pole. Yi: v well; we can dine at the old Pack-Horse before coiu: .; on board again, and save a heap of trouble. Nov do } understand? Can your diminutive intellect grasp :ik situation?' ' It would have been so nice to have dined 011 board,' she says. ' You will get plenty of dining on board before wc huv, done with you. Wait till vou find yourself in the h'orc-i ofArden.' 'I suppose travellers must he content,' she says humbly: and then she turns to Miss Peggy. ' Well, if you won't go and talk to Mr. Duncombe, I will. I am sure we should all be very much obliged to him.' It was nearer eight than half -past, seven when wereaclnj Staines, and found a safe mooring for the Nameless JLJirge. The labours and experiences of this our first day we're over, and we went ashore in a placid framo of 'mind. ' The twilight was darkening to dusk now ; but the thrushes anil blackbirds were still piping everywhere. Dinner ordered at the old familiar Pack-Horse, one w two of us went out on to the little balcony overlooking tin river. _ The evening was very still. There was a curious metallic grey on the surface of the stream ; and as we slo^d regarding it, a single bronze-hued boat went noiseless! v bv. floating down with the current; and in the stern of tV boat, sitting very close together, were two young peoplt, who might have been ghosts gliding through the mvsteriuus gloom. ' Doesn't it remind you of those nights in Venice??' sa\\- Miss Peggy, rather absently. And then, behold! far above the darkness of the 1ms there is the young moon, of a pale silver, in 1I10 lil,i - tinted skies ; and in the closing down of the nighi ? tb; birds are still calling. ? (To be continued.) 