THE BLACK POODLE AND OTHER TALES. . By F. Anstey. London, Longmans, Green and Co. 1888\. (Price 2s.) There is a great charm about everything that comes from the pen of the author of "Vice Versâ." In the present volume of reprints some of the stories are particularly funny. " The Wraith of Barnjum," is not, we presume, meant to be taken as a serious contribution to psycho- logical literature. What, for instance, can one make of an unconventional ghost that thinks fit to appear in " striped pantaloons, a surplice, and an immense cocked-hat ;" or in " a Roman toga, top-boots, and a turban ?" Is the explan- ation to be found in the supposition that " some- where in space there exists a supernatural store in the nature of a theatrical wardrobe," of which this particular ghost has the run ? The adven- tures of the ghost and his victim at shooting parties, clubs, drawing-rooms, on roofs ; (for the Wraith enjoyed " playing the fool among the chimney-pots,") and in other strange places, are amusingly told. The best story is, perhaps, " The Curse of the 'Catafalques." When this was published in the " Cornhill Magazine," it was everywhere attri- buted to the pen of the editor, James Payn. The hero not being a success in England, had been shipped out to Australia by a wealthy uncle. At last he found that he got on no better in the colony than at home, and accordingly returned in an Orient liner. In England once more, he becomes a candidate for the hand of Sir. Paul Catafalque's daughter: But there'is a family curse, which Sir Paul describes. One victim, he says, ' went calmly to the Grey Chamber, and the next morning they found himoutside the door-a gibbering maniac !' I writhed on my chair. ' Augustus !' cried Chlo- rine wildly, 'promise me you will not permit the Curse to tum you into a gibbering maniac. If I saw you gibber I should die !' I was on the verge of gibbering then; I dare not trust myself to speak. I could bear no more. ' It's simply astonishing to me, I said, that in the nineteenth century, hardly si» miles from Charing Cross, you can calmly allow this hideous 'Curse' or whatever you call it to have things all its own way like this.' ' What can I do, Augustus/ asked Sir Paul helplessly. 'Do? Anything!' I retorted. ' Take it out for an airing (it must want an airing by this time) ; take it out-and lose it ! Or get both the Archbishops to step in and lay it for you. Sell the house and make the purchaser take it at a valuation, with the other fixtures' It would not be fair to continue, and we recommend our readers if only for the sake of reading this story to purchase the volume. ' An Undergraduate's Aunt/ tells of a bashful youth who is overwhelmed by the visit of a sup- posed Aunt and cousins from Australia. It is rather slight in construction. ' The Black Poodle/ is clever. Two burlesque tales of ancient days. ' The Return of Agamemnon.' ' Accompanied on the Flute ;' and some stories for children, com- plete a most enjoyable collection. MINING AND SEPABATION IN NORTH QUEENS- LAND. By Aleck J. Ivimey. The author's object in writing this book, is to draw greater public attention to the interests of Northern Queensland, and toiits marvellous and little known resources, and though written in a somewhat desultory style it is full of readable information. We cannot but sympathise with his aims as with the energy and enterprise of the people he tells us of. At the present time attention in Sydney is unusually directed to mining developments in Northern Queensland ; and on this subject many valuable hints are tobe found in the pages of ' Mining and Separation.' We have received a descriptive catalogue of ornamental trees and shrubs, and various choice flowers, from Messrs. Shepherd and Co., seedsmen and florists. It will be found valuable to all who are interested in gardening-that most delight- ful of pursuits. Messrs. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co. are the printers, and may be congratulated on the neat appearance of the catalogue. 