Title Separation mating on Tuesday llMt C.HIK'il f»-l -?' '?'^'UraS-S lbCM' W['' l/avfc wlirkcxl ho lann, unj am Mil HtriviriK to Kicu''- tl,e of Noith yui-ei-bliiiid. Tim inovuiimnt lion lived K°nJ r't('lt' U''J . tlitoiitfli aw. rcyitftc VI » lrati»n, aii.i h i» '''w c,'-'-'r''K ? -I.M»rt.ir.: d.iri»« U-« ringn uf tfus oLl.cr jmtiucal party -» . QuHHnh'and. ?. ' -j'/,,, (puling 'I St-paralionifctM in uccur. ' Htcly d- fliuiii i» tlio words of tho r-:»o- lutiou ?iiii.inimouHly ? ? |m«i«d on ' Tlmt under uo Uovurr.ment winch ;t hsa to depend for its existence on 'Southern votes, can either justice 'or fair play be eexprcttd by us ' It is this feeling lhat alone can bind the North together, and we trust that in future wo shall have, no more attempts to sow disconl in the Separation catrip l»y over zealous partis «ns. It is* un necessary lo explain «cain th« pas' posi'ionjof this journal on tho subjec'. Our. opinions have been made cle*r enough ; to anyone open to conviction and the resuscitation of past disputes only - tends to alienate friends when' we most need them... In .Mackay, the- political - hatchet is buried, and Separationists have joined hand in-hand irrespective of party, to' fight the. battle of the North. It is new. our duty to. make the whole of the electors of North ern Queensland- as united . as we are and:to bring those that are against us over Jto our sidp. The opponents to the movement ' may be said to be of; two .classes — .those'' who; fear Townsville and those who dread black labor. iThe first class should be satis fied by Ithe resolution ndntiiig to the. capital j of ? the proposed new .colony, passed '6a Tuesday, provided of course that Townsville endorses it. Whether the so-called Queen city of the North 'will do jsn or not remains to be seen. If she; does, then one of tho great obstacles to Separation will be removed. ' Th«* other qn^tion of black labor is onV^cfl^' which the support of the miners greatly, depends. If the black ghost ban be laidj then- we. shall oe pertain of their aid and sympathy, but until this is done they will stand aloof. The allusion to colored labor in. one of the resolutions passed at Tuesday's meeting: will do some good, but, with all respect jto the speakers, we must point out that the remarks made on the sub ject were not satisfactory. The general tenor of j these was to the effect that,' as Mcllwraith and Griffith had declared against i colored labor,- therefore the de sire for it, and the movement in its favor were dead. * The miners, however, will Vetoit that , when Queensland is separ ated the politicians of the North may turn round and advocate, black labor, arguingjthat they are not bouud by the declarations of politicians in what would, then be another colony. To. this retort there can be no ai^§wer until the leaders of the Separation movement — the men! who will fprm the Parliament and* Ministry of the North — publiclv declare jthat, ^their opposition to black labor springs ihot from convenience but from conviction. Let- this be made clear tojtbe miners, and they will *sup. 'port us.j We do not ourselves doubt the genuineness of the sentiments expressed at the meeting on this question, but we would .' urge those who . are leading the Separatibnists : to weigh well their arguments and to put theii case as. st'onir'y s ?hpy can before the people. | T..u Townsvi 1«« and black labor ghosts^ having been laid, -e do not think th'e Norrh will have to wait:long before she obtains the management of her ownjafifairs. The financial proposals of the present Government are helping us, and 'making converts to the cauBe, .but one : thing in 'particular, must be* borne in mind,, and that is that the ancient fable about the bundle of sticks is as true row as the day it was written. It isSaid : — That it hfti got to be said nex time owing to pressure on our spaoe. We remind the puHlic that* the cn'crtaln* ment in aid of .the Sisters of Mercy ? takes place this evening and the Musical Union's Cinderella dance :and concert tomorrow.' evening.: ' We have been shown an assay of some stone Bent from the Oenersl Cordon claim at Yatton which gave a result of 10 ounces of gold and 5 ounces of silver to the t -n. -This stone is^ described as showing no free gold and wu only' sent down as a test to tee if there was any 'go) d at all in the stone. Fi'j&ro; m to fcisk for spying that a fire made :qni^e ^ a respocUtble blaze,' and asks £ir. I otir dennition of a 'disreputable flare up';' We are always happy to supply information where it is wanted. Figaro in the fire would certainly make a very disre putabjp flare up.' Tk the Policy (Jourt on Monday last Tarroonlo, a kanaka, plpaded guilty. to drut)Wenne»s and was fined. 2G«. or ^8 homs. Jackson, ia Chinaman, oo'suBplclon oflunacy was remanded for 48 hours... Tormin and Ioater,. charged with assiult and*, rob' cry, wer* remanded for 3 days. Ah Boo wus charged ly the lns|-ector of Nuisances wiih drivir»i- over a foot' ridge. He pleaded yuilty an i wax fined £1 and 15s. |d. coats.. There was no .business in the comt y&sUr;^ay. J^y a noifco appearing elsewhere it .will b ? seen that arf application is tncbo made to( the Supreme Coiirfc for the -withdrawal of tho petition against the rocutf ft fl'cction of Messrs. jtlack and Dolrymple for th^s tfODstituoncy. The peti'ion was u my tery a* it* bf rtb , «nd promises to be one at i's doatlj. While £Qt) gratulatiog the electors upon thd tfhaocc of retaining tl)e services' of Messrs. BUck ond I)alryinple, tho two l-est meri who could he got to represent 'the Mcllwralth int-*ro«tr we cannot help regr«tt iu% that an-irnporUiut point in the-RIectioin Act yet romaino unsettled, one which may causa trouble to candidates of whattver|po!itical party they way XilK following paragraph from a HrisbaUo letter to tho mQiuouiland Tirtit* wil( be of interest j-i—The two prisoners recently sen tenced to long terms of imprisonment at- MaryiK-roug1i l« connection wltii theekUjusivo robbery of jewellery, y/hich was perpetrated in that town aowje loontbs ba/jk, anlred hi Iiri»baneby the steamer yaralU yi»t«rday morning.' An fuctdeut oc«urrod:iu ooiuuiotloff with this case which U weH'Hortljy 0/ i^conl. Warder Hneyd was sout . U- Maryl-or-uah Uj identify oiie of. tho. pr'koiioi1*, there, recogniserl a man in the loukurr u# « former inmate of Her Maj««iy's gaol. It tssjjspired that -this. . imUViiluil, who Is'a* Cl'gal*«'^ fMf/ied Riuganpo. was sentenced ill JH83 Ot yui irs imp'isonmenl for iho crime of iijaiislaugbtr/ ^;;/unitted at MueUay. H« I md only served two yew® at Ht. Uelena when he exhibited s trouu 'f hi Su/iity and was transferred Ui Wwg*/0A». }U\ t.fauiUii\ Id# cacupe from that insUUi^ou I«b7, till the prusent, Jia» suucnoi dly eluded W^iJance of the c/licers of the Uw. Ho- was hi' for some tfiHin^ offuijuo ai Mary' orou^i, j9.11/l It is doubtful whether he woiihl ever hsvw hlenU/ied IhmI he 110L again reiapited into utitot. 