NEWS OF TEE DAY. Owing to pressure of advertisements on our special columns, tho commercial and stock and share reports aro published to-day on pago 10. Tho second official ball given by Ids Excel- lency tlio Governor in honor of the opening of the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition was held yesterday evening at Government House. About 2000 guests were present. The invita tions to the first ball embraced names from A to L, and last night the range of tho initials was from M to Z. The company inoludod, besides distinguished visitors, gentlemen con nected with the Exhibition and high officials in the public service. Herr Plock's band provided the music, and everything passed off very pleasantly. In the opening quadrille tbe following ladies and gentlemen formed tho first set His Excellency Sir Homy Loch and Lady Hamilton, his Excellency Sir R. Hamilton and Lady Loch, Admiral Fairfax and Lady Clarke, Sir J. Lorimer and Miss Jervois, Sir W. J. Clarko, and Miss Fair fax, Captain Thomas, R.N., and Miss Dundas, Captain Hammill and Miss Hamilton, Captain Walker and Miss Deverell, Chief Justice Dob- sou and Miss M. Stawell, Mr. P. O. ;Fysh and Miss Holroyd, Captain Maun and Sliss A'Bcckctt, Mr. Justice AUeokett and Lady Nieolson, Sir Arthur Nicolson and Mrs. Walker. Ministers met in Cabinet yesterday and dis- oussed some of tho tariff amendments which have been urged upon the Government by deputations and otherwise since tbo Treasurer delivered bis budget speech. It is proposed to adopt somo of tho alterations suggested. Several errors havo also crept into tbo revised tariff submitted by Mr. Giffies. These errors occurred in conBequouco of tho secrecy with which the new tariff had to be drawn up. "When the House meets again on Tuesday next tho tariff ifebate will bo resumed, and an early opportunity will be taken by the Treasurer to make a short statement relativo to the cor rections proposed to bo mado in the revised tariff. Fourteen seats in tho Legislative Conncil will become vacant in September next by the effluxion of time. The President will in tbe course of a few days issue writs for the election of new members, and appoint a dato for the polling. It is not improbable that tho elections will take place during tho second week in September. The following is a list of tlio retiring members : — Mr. James Service, Melbourne Province ; Dr. Lc I'cvre, North Yarro ; Sir James MacBain, South Yarra ; Sir W. J. Clarke, Southern ; Dr. Dobson, South- Eastern ; J. Williamson, Nelson Provinco ; W. Ross, Western ; D. Ham, Wellington Province ; W. Robertson, South- Western ; P. Hamm, Nortli-Eastern ; J. G. Dougharty, Gippsland Provinco ; W. A. Zeal, North Central ; W. P. Simpson, Northern ; and J. Bell, Nortb-Western Province. Mr. Gillies 1ms had a consultation with Admiral Fairfax, on the subject of an immediate survey being undertaken by tho Admiralty of a new submariuo cable route via Vancouver Island. It was pointed out by Mr. Gillies that the colonics could not lie satisfied with a survey which would take threo years to accomplish. The necessity for luying nnothor cable bocamo greater overy day, and he urged Admiral Fairfax to represent that view to the Lords of the Admiralty, and at tbo samo tlmo to lay stress upon the readiness of Australia and Canada to contribute towards the cost of making tbo survey. Admiral Fairfax remarked that the number of ships available for marine surveying was limited, though ho had 110 doubt that two or thrno more specially equipped vessels could without incon- vonicnco bo- spared from the Imperial navy to survey tho proposed now cable route, if the Imperial authorities were convinced of the urgency of tho work. At tho special request of Mr. Gillies, tho Admiral promised to forward a despatch to tho Lords of the Admiralty, embodying tbo views expressed by Mr. Gillies. In tbo language of diplomacy, " strained re lations " aro said to cxiBt between Mr. Sargood, M.L.C., and Sir. M'lntyre, M.L.A., tho chair man of tbe joint Parliamentary Reception Com mittee. So much feeling lias been infused into the quarrel whioh has arison botween theso gentlemen that it is to bo ventilated in tbo Legislative Assomhly on Tuesday next, unless the efforts of friends aro successful in hushing up the scnndaL Tho misunderstanding has taken placo over tho election of a chairman for tbe joint coinmitteo appointed to arrange for tlio reception of members of Parliament from othor colonics visiting Melbourne for tbo purpose of taking part in the opening of tho Centennial Exhibition. Sir. 51'Intyrc, who was appointed chairman of tbe oommittce, received a lottor from Sir. Sargood intimating that it was desirable to elect Air. Service, who possessed special qualifications for tho position. The rather peculiar course adopted by Mr. Sargood was distasteful to Sir. Al'Intyro, who resented tho implied reflection upon his capacity to fulfil tho duties of chairman. The friouds of Air. Al'Intyro aro indignant at what they regard as a display of excessive and unwar rantable offlciousneas on tho part of Air. Sargood, and a very pretty quarrel is likely to ariso out of the incident, Yc3torduy was a very quiot'day at tho Exhibi tion. The number of visitors admitted through tho turnstilos was 5450, and 2100 others were admitted 011 passes ; 170 porsous visited the aquarium, and 211 scoured reserved seats at tho concerts. Tho total receipts wore £296 4s. Id. With reference to lato exhibits In tho Victorian court, the internnl hrrangemo'uts committee yesterday decided to refuse all requests whioh had been mado to them for further extension of tho time for receiving exhibits. Tho committee had previously boon requested by letter to receive exhibits after tbo rime fixed, aiid tlioy bad, under certain con ditions, agreed to do so, being satisfied that the reasons advanced for tho requests were sufficient to justify a departure from tho ordinary course. Except in those cases ill which permission in writing lins been given, 110 late exhibits will be received. Yesterday, 10th August, was the day by which all exhibits wero expeoted to bo in their places. The only exhibits in tho Victorian sections which are exempted from thh condition, and which may yet compote for' the awards, are thoso for which special permits linvo been given. The commissioners somo time since decided to call for tenders for tho supply of bath chairs for tho use of invalids unable to walk through tiie Exhibition. Thoso are now available, and may be obtained nt the Nicholson-street entrance to the building. There nre four of them 011 hand, but arrangements, will be made to obtain a hu-gqr supply if the demand should warrant it. Tho Waiters' Union broaght a grievance be fore tbo Trades Hall Council last night, in the form of a complaint that they had been boy cotted by various important institutions, bo- causo thoy were connected with the Trades Hail. Waiters were refused employment on the ground of then connection with tho labor organisation, and somo of them had left tbe union to obtain situations. The institutions charged witli boy cotting tho union waiters, are Government House, Parliament House, tho city club houses, the raoo meetings of tho Victoria Racing Club, tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, Hurliugham ParkandElstoruwick, and the Centennial Exhibi tion, so far as its catering is provided by Air. H. Skinner, who is alleged to have exerted himself tl gains . the union, both in connection with his own business and that of another caterer. The waiters stated that under these circumstances, they would bo compelled to withdraw from tho affiliation to havo any chance of a living, and thoy asked tho consideration of the council. As tho matter involved possibly serious issues, it was referred to a special committee appointed to investigate the statements in the waiters' complaint, and report to a future meeting. Another firm concerned in tho iroiunouldcrs' striko decided yesterday to accede to the demand of tho men, that tho minimum rate of wages shall be lis. per day. This is Shiner and Co., who have about 20 moulders ill their employ, in addition to assistants. At a meet ing of tho executive committee of tho men held yesterday, the foundry owned hy that firm was delared open, and the moulders employed there will resume work this morning. In other respects tho situation is unaltered. A meeting of the Ironmasters' Association is to be held on Monday to further considci the matter. The annual encampment of the Victorian' cadet forces has boon fixed to take placo at' Langwarrin on tbe 10th, 11th, 12th and 13tli'of October next. Nearly 2000 cadets will lie assembled under canvas from tbo various districts of the colony. The Victorian cadet organisation is the largest unit of its kind iu tho world, and the working of the system represents a very important experiment. The occurrence of the camp during the Exhibition season, when many visitors from othor countries may be in this colony, should give this camp an unusual amount of interest. Tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S. Arcadia took her departure yesterday. The mails were exceptionally heavy, and up to the last newspapers, letters and parcels were being posted at the General Post Office, so that it was estimated that fully 120 bags would remain to be sent by tho express train wiiich loft last evening, to be placed on board the ship at Adelaide, 'tile Arcadia iiad a fair passenger list for tho season, and her freight list was a largo ono. Tho vessel left punctually to timo, and up to the last 'there was a large concourse of visitors on board seeing friends away. Owing to the largo public demand for news- papers, such as The Jlcader, containing illustra tions and special information regarding the Exhibition, suilablo for transmission to Europe, tho newspaper mail forwarded from tho General Post Office yesterday, per the K.ALS. Arcadia, was unusually heavy. The acting superinteu- dent of mails, Air. Fagan, states that whereas ou an average, about 65 bags of newspapers for Europe are dealt with on days when the Hngll.h moil closes, yesterday uo fewer than 215 bags were received and despatched. Tbe Public Service Board has recommended that Air. O. S. Dohbyn, clerk to the Aletre- politan Licensing Court, shall succeed the lato Mr. 0. W. Carr as polico magistrate for the Maryborough district. Mr. Do|>byn's appoint ment will bo mado at the next sitting of the Executive Council. The salary attached to the position is £750 per annum and travelling expenses. Some ahum has been caused at Sandhurst by a report which Mr. E J. Dunn furnished to tiie Mmiatei of Mines, upon on application lodged for a lea.se of somo land near the Sand hurst powder magazine. It is proposed to establish a soap factory near the magazine on Strickland-road, and Air. Dunn lias reported against the leneo being granted. Tbe Secretary for Alines, who visited the locality last week, has placed before tho Alinister a memorandum, in which he states that there is no ground for the alarmist report furnished by Air. Dunn, and that the danger apprehended might he reduced to a minimum by the exercise of ordinary caution. A factory ban already been established within 17 chains of the magazines, and Air. Langtroc is of opinion that establishing another factory in the vicinity will not unduly jeopardise life and property, providing tho establishment be managed with reasonable care, and proper caution ho exercised for the protection of tiie magazine. Ho recommends for the greater safety of the magazine that it bo protected by earth embankments, hut a suggestion is also mado to tho Alinister that the magazine be re moved to a more suitable site at tho earliest opportunity, nnd a building constructed more in accordance with modern views ou tho subject. Air. Gillies has authorised the magazino to bo protected by an earth embankment. Throughout yestorday H.Af.S. Nelson was engaged in coaling and loading her shot, shell and powder, which had on arrival been hulked, in order that she might berth and dock with safety. The fleet are under orders to weigh anchor at 10 o'clock this morning, to pro ceed on tho voyngo to Sydney. A mass meeting of tho firemen connected with the Metropolitan Fire Brigades' Associa tion was held at the Hibernian Hall, Swanston- street, last evening, to protest against an attempt on tho part of unassociatcd brigades of Alelbourno to form a now organisation having a similar status to that of tbe existing association. The meeting was attended by re presentatives of tho chief metropolitan brigades, and amongst thoso who- took part in the pro ceedings wero Messrs. Uron, Laurens, Lang- ridge and Dr. Rose, AI.L.A.'s Tbo chair was occupied by Superintendent >S. Alauger, who explained that considerable disaffection had arisen amongst the metropolitan brigades not connected with tho association, presumably in consequence of their inability to participate iu tho allotment of the annual Government grant, with tho disposal of which the associa tion was entrusted. The chief mover in tho agitation was admittedly Super- intcudont Stein, of tho Insuranoc Com panies' Brigade, and tho movement derived its chief support from those brigades whom tho association had refused to recognise on account of thoir centres being in districts where the wants of tho population were amply supplied by adjacent brigades. Up to tho present time thero had been 110 symptom of tho discontent affecting the provincial brigades, who had written to tho association promising thoir support in tho event of a dofection from the association. Ho impressed upon the firemon tho necessity, when attending fires, of presorving tho organisa tion that hud hithorto been tho rule, and not to permit any feeling that may havo . been cngoudcrod by this agitation to enter into their work when engaged in tho common causo of saving property! A number of fornial resolutions wore carried, expressing indignation at tlio movement and the determination of tho mooting to support tho association. Tho earlier portion of tho proceed ings wore considerably obstructed by a seotion of tbo audionco whoso views were not in sympathy with the aims of the incoting, but at tho request of the chairmau they withdrew, and the remainder of tho business was conducted in harmony. The report of tho Alelbourno Savings Banks for tho year ending 30th Juno, 1888,' just pub lished, shows that the trausaotions for the year numbered 493,068, an incrcaso of 88,609ovortho previous year. Tho deposits havo rcachod £1,441,585 14s. 8d., nn incrcaso of £335,983 19s. 8d.; tho interest credited to de positors for tlio year wa3 £54,202 3s. 8d., making tho total increase £390,186 3s. 4d. Tho Saturday cvoning business has mado enormous strides, tho average number of persons deposit ing on that day for tho _ mouth of Juno being 3100\. For the last six months 253 persons havo joined tho hank as depositors each Satur day. Tho other parts of the report are equally satisfactory. I ho annual bIiow of dogs held under the auspices of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society will closo to-night at 10.30 o'olock. Yesterday the show was very well attended, and tho really fine display of dogs manifestly proved highly interesting to tlio visitors. Tho show is being held in tho building recently occupied by tbe Juveniio Industrial Exhibition in Flinders-street, opposite tbe Prinees-bridge railway station. His Excelloncy the Governor has arranged to pay a Bliort visit to Burrumbeot during tho first part of next week. Ho will leave Alelbdurne at 9.15 a.m. 011 Alonday for that place, and start tho return journey 011 Wednesday, pro ceeding by road to Ballarat and thonco by train to tho metropolis. With reference to tho largo fire reported to havo been seen on Hogan's Island, Bass's Straits, 011 Wednesday evening, the Chief Engineer of Ports and Harbors yesterday received a tele gram from the manager of Wilson's Promontory lighthouso which proves that tho supposition stated ill theso columns yesterday that the fire had been lighted by sealers was correct. Hie telegram is as follows :— " The Government steamer Lady Loch arrived here from Hogan's Island at 10.30 a. m. to-day. Sho reports tho fire on tho island was caused by sealers from tbo schoonor Awartta, who were burning scrub for snakes. She also verifies my report us to having seen men walking on the summit of tho land at noon 'yesterday. Captain Liviugstono lias cautioned them as to tho use of fire in future." In the Gazette issued yesterday the following notifications appear : — Acceptance of the resigna tion of Air. J. Leo Archer as justico of tho peace for the western bailiwick and his appointment to tho southern bailiwick ; O. Sainsbury appointed collector of imposts at Alajorca ; J. F. O'Dwyor as inspector of amies; W. H. Hotkey as inspector of oxplosives ; W. F. Sparks to be mining registrar at Dark River ; E. "W. Watt to be warden's clerk at Orbost, A.' J. Clark at Sale and P. J. Dwyor at Yaokan- dandah ; B. Ckiuniok to be momber of tho Darcbin school board of advice, J. Ross of Belfast board, J. Brown Strathiieidsayo board and R. Morris of Mount Franklin board. A united 'thanksgiving centenary sorvico will be hold at 3 p.m. to-morrow in the Town Hall. The Right Rev. the Bishop of Alclbourue will preside, aud addresses will, bo delivered by his lordBhip, by the 1 Rev. E. I. Watkin, D.D., and tbo Rev. A. Alarsbnll, ALA. (Scots Church), bearing 011 tlio past, present, and future of Australia. The Revs. Dr. Bevau, A. Webb, and H. Herlitz will also tako part in the service, wiiich will be musically assisted by an efficient choir. His Excellency tho Governor and Lady Loch, Sir 15. Hamilton and Lady Hamil ton, Rear Admiral Fairfax, tho commandants of tho naval and military forces, the Exooutivo Commissioners of tho Exhibition and tboAlayor and Corporation of A&dbourno; havo boon invited to attend. A collection will bo made on behalf of the Queen's Fund. Tho steamship Damascus, wiiich arrived yes terday from Loudon, after a splendid passage of 43 days, has brought a bull, a cow and a heifer, of tho polled Angus brood. The animals nre for Sydney, and havn boon brought thus far in splendid condition. All application was made to tho Secretary for Trado and Customs, yesterday, by m turors of umbrella sticks, in tbc.absence of tbo Minister in charge of that department, to sub- mit to the consideration of tho Cabinet tho pro priety of imposing a duty of 25 per cent, upon those articles. The deputation stated that umbrella sticks wero largely manufactured in the colony, and that tho industry required pro- taction. Some umbrella makers who were pre sent opposed the application, on tho grounds that tho fashion in umbrella sticks is set in Europe, that the styles adopted are yearly bcooiningmoro elaborate, and the colonial manu facture is inferior in material and finish. Air. Musgrove undertook to acquaint the Commis'- Kioner with the arguments presented to him. An unconditional certificate of discharge from his debts was granted to Henry James Kcele of Collingwood, baker, by Judge Molesworth' in tho Insolvency Court yesterday. A motion to releaso tho estate of Granville Sharp Price accountant, of Mclbourno, from sequestration was withdrawn, by 'permission of tho court. His Honor was not satisfied that all the creditors had signed tho deed of reloaao, most of the signatures wero found to have been wit nessed by tho insolvent's ton and his solicitor had foiled to make on affidavit as to tha ;e lority of the proceedings. A certificate of dis- charge under the old act was granted to John M'Plierson, farmer and contractor, of Euros, who bocamo insolvent in 1863. Tbo hearing of tiie charges of fraud nnd false pretences brought by tbo Customs authorities against tho firm of Petseh, Doehling and Co. was resumed yesterday at the City Court. The evidence taken was of a purely formal and techuicul nature, and the hearing was further adjourned until Tuesday next, when tho case for tho Crown ia expected to close. At tlio weekly meeting of tho board of management of the Alfred Hospital yesterday, tho resignation was received of Mr. Geo. Buz zard, a member of the committee, who stated that he regretted his 1 icing obliged to tako this step 011 account of insufficient tirao to attend the meetings. Tho resignation was accepted. Tho chairman referred to tho groat fiuanoial loss that tho hospital suf fered by bad debts in connection with tho treatment of patients in tho paying wards. In order to mitigate this evil to tho greatest possible extent, it lins been proposed that appli cants should enter into a surety for tho pay ment of tho charges before securing admission. A form of agreement for this purpose was sub mitted by the board's solicitor and adopted. In cases of emergency, or where it was desirable that tho admission of tho patients should bo immediate, tho secretary was instructed to re port to the board. Comrades has been repeated at tho Bijou Theatre during tho week to crowded houses. Tho samo performance will be repeated this evening, when tho Governor and Lady Loch and party will he present. Tho last nights of tho present company are announced, mid next Saturday evening Air. Robt. Brougli and a new company will appear iu tuo successful laroicul cuiucuy, The Alagis- trato. Tins will bo Air. Brough's first appear ance in Melbourne for ten months. Aliss Esmeralda will bo repeated at the Princess's Theatre this evening by tho Gaiety Burlesque Company. Ariss Carrie Swain will appear at the Theatre Royal this evening in a drama founded upon Ckarlos Dickens's popular story, The Old CuriosUp Shop. Air. John Gourlay is to play the part of Quilp. The Alolbourne Philharmonic Society will give their third subscription concert for the year in tho Mclbourno Town Hall at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Tho work selected for perform- aneo on tliis occasion is Sir Arthur Sullivan's beautiful cantata, The Golden Logond, adapted from Longfellow's poem of the samo namo. Tho whole of tho muBic, comprising vocal and instru mental parts and bolls, has been presented to the society by Sir W. J. Clarke, aiid to per form tlio work in tbo beat possible manner, the committee havo engaged an orchestra of over 70 performers. AI. Simonseu is expeoted shortly to arrive in Mclbourno with his now company, and has engaged Signor Benjamin Lombard!, a wall- known maestro, ns conductor. Lost in London, a melodrama, has been played at the Alexandra Theatre during tho week. This ovening the theatre will be opened under a new mnnogomont, and tho season is to be innu- gurated by a play entitled Atoster and Aran. At St. Georgo's Hall tho minstrel enter tainment presented by tho Cogill Bros, and Air. Horry Rickards continues to attract largo audiences. Somo now features aro to bo intro duced into the pregrammo this evening. A now programme will bo presented at the Victoria Hall this evening. - A second performance was given nt tho Theatre Royal ls,3t ovening by the Roscians, for the benefit of tho Melbourne charities. On this occasion tho members of tlio society mado tho ambitious effort of appearing in Hamlet. The entertainment was witnessed by a crowded house, and the sooioty is to bo complimented upon tho dogroo of success achieved in suoh a difficult undertaking. Air. C. E. Green acted tho king with dignity, and Air. P. J. Duggan gave a thoughtful representation of tho melancholy Prince of Denmark. Horatio was played by Mr. A. G. Stack, and Mr. J. Dawbarn assumed the character of PoIonins. The other principal part3, all of which were creditably filled, were distributed.as follows :— Laertes, Air. H. E. Hall; ghost, Air. 0. AI. Davics; first gravediggor, Air. J. Dalton. Tbo society was assisted by Aliss Flora Anstead, who enacted the queen; Miss Alaggie Knight as Ophelia; and Aliss Rato Douglass as the queen player. The Lynch Family Bellringors and Company, including Aliss Annotto Ivanovo, re-appcar this evening at tho Atkomeum Hall. An attractive programme i3 announced. At the Burnley Independent Church, the usual hospital collection will bo lutute tuinurrow instead as in October. The Rev. J. Barber will preach morning and evening. The concert to bo given in the Melbourne Town Hall, on Monday evening, by the senior aud junior of tlio Crirltou school district, roooivo tho patronage of Mr. C. 11. Pearson, .Minister of Public Instruction, the Mayor, tho Aidunnon and Couu cilloM of Melbourne, and tho mayor and councillor of berth Melbourne. 