REDMOKD, OF THE 'SEVENTH.' [From the Boston Fowl's Companion.] IN SEVEN CHAPTERS. Chapter V.— Jack Makes a Pbomisb axd Keeps It. The day that followed was a hard one to Jack. There were sneers from unmanly ones on the beaten side in their battle, and much good-natnred chaffing-, almost as hard to bear when the boy was smarting under the sting of unmerited disgrace. Sneshs.ru frequently managed to turn the edge of the sneers and teasing by Ms raillery ; and Jack bore it mostly in silense, though his clenched hands and darkening face sometimes proved tbe effort a severe one. On her way down the street, after dismissal, Miss Allen met Snesham, who lifted his hat and paused, ' Thought it my duty to sea 'the spectre home,' the senior said. ?? I tell you. Miss Allen, that's a particularly gritty ghost.' The days rolled quietly by with their usual routine after this, fast completing the weeks befote examination. The exact day set apart for any class cot even the teachers knew, and tha uncertainty fairly acted as a stimulus on ths department. Seventh's boys worked famously. The pupils were marked on a system of per cents,, and any grade under 90 was regarded with marked disapproval. Mias Allen tried to moderate. Savage's eood-natured growling one day when he fell below, by reminding him that an average of 85 would secure the desired promotion, but was told he didn't want just to scram.hU into the next grade ; the Seventh wa3 bound to go up with flying colors. There was surely a change in John Red mond. Then, as always, a good student, the change otherwise seemed to affect his .whole nature. He had never been a very kindly boy — not from any maliciousness, but simply because, not often needing help or sympathy himself, he did not think to give any to others. Somehow the discovery of his weakness when attempting self-control appeared to make him more lenient and gentle. Several times at recess Mbs Allen found him patiently assisting some slower brain, that would formerly have only roused his contempt ; and Eagleson, between whom and [himselfjhad been consider able rivalry, admitted that Jack wasn't always bo set on having his own way. In many of these things Miss Allen recog niEed the influence of Sneeham, who had doubted if he poseeseed any influence. The senior hardly realised the hold he had upon that strong and fiery nature. Well was it for Jack that this friend, whom he had grown to love with all hia passionate spirit, was whole souled and clean- hearted. Yee, I believe that very thing had dr*wn J&sd-; xnond to him. Jack was too strong to love dou-n. It must be a character as strong as, or stronger, than his own that would attract him. It might be— would need to be paihaps — strength of a different sort, bat the power - must be there. Miss Allen always remembered when she first discovered there was something more in Snesham than careless good nature and drawl ing nonsense. Standing by her table one day, he desired to show her an article cut from some journal, and, as he emptied his vest-pocket of several slips of paper in the search, out dropped a tiny Testament, from which flit tered a photograph. Miss Allen picked up the picture to restore it to him. It had fallen face downward upon the table, and raising it, she saw the words, ' For my boy— God bless him !' Will turned it over in her hand, and she looked long at the gentle, motherly face. She noticed afterward, with secret pleasure, the loving touch with which he laid it again in the little worn book. 'Good things to keep together, Will— and always by one,' she said, laying her hand lightly on tis, 'I think so. My shield,' touching the spot where he had placed them, with a tender light under the heavy lids : and many a time after, when she heard the pleasant voice, with its slight drawl, and frequent slang— never rough or coarse — Ming Allen's thoughts would go back with a thrill to this remembrance. To return to Redmond. Of course, there were times when his hard-earned self-control slipped momentarily away from him— he would never be especially amiable; but there had been nothing in his conduct which even Mr. HaverilTs prejudiced eye could find amiss. His teacher half-fancied the master began to look upon him with a more favorable eye. Stevens of the Fifth had never forgotten or forgiven his encounter with Jack. He ranked well in his class as regarded scholarship, and was quite a favorite with his teacher, MisB Levering, who declared his behavior to be un exceptionable. Mr. Haverill roused her indig nation one day by saying that Stevens had not an honest face ; and Miss Allen found that - neither Mr. Nellia nor the yard-monitors coin cided in Miss Levering's opinion. \V hether it was correct or not we shall Bee. One morning, as the gong sounded at 8.50, and the boys rushed in to form their lines before passing upstairs, Stevens and Brady were jost ' entering the gate, and noticed Redmond some distance down street, running hastily so as to be in time. Stevens stopped short, saying to the other, 'Let's make that fellow lose his lead.' ' You'll lose your own doing it,' answered .Brady, always ready for mischief and with no special liking for Jack, 'Don't care; it's only for once, and the .Fifths have never settled with him for his im pudence yet.' The playground was empty ; its gate could not be seen from the playroom windows where the other scholars were now gathered, await ing a second signal. The two lads placed themselves in front of the entrance, and, as Redmond came running ud, breathless, Stevens greeted him with, 'Yon're in -too much of a hurry, Seventh,' 'I've no time to spend fooling now,' re torted Jack, angrily ; 'the first bell rang ever bo long ago.' ' I know that,' said the other, with a sneer ; 'yon're so fond of leading, we concluded you'd better take a turn at the foot today,' The second bell rang sharply. With flashing eyes, Jack threw down a slate and couple of books he was carrying, and at tempted to force his way through ; but Brady held him back, while Stevens, knowing the yard-monitor would soon come to lock the gate, stooped down, and catching hold of Jack's ankle jerked his foot from under him, sending him to the pavement, and then ran quickly toward the playroom, calling on Brady to follow. But Raymond fell so heavily that it dismayed J Brady, who was thoughtless, but not malicious ; 1 and he grew still more alarmed on seeing that j Jack did not move. . . I Going to the prostrate boy he tried to lift J him, and Redmond presently sat up, unable at ) first to gather his scattered wit3 together. Brady was thoroughly frightened. He re membered suddenly a warning given him the day before, that his marks for order were already below the average. If this occurrence, were reported it would make them lower still — it might even prevent his promotion. ' Are you all right now V he ventured, as Pedmond rose unsteadily to his feet. ' I guess so,' returned the other, leaning against the iron railing, still, dizzy from his fall. ' That was a mean trick,' he added with energy, as the recollection of Mb treat ment came to him. ' It was so,' said Brady, penitently, picking up Jack's books and elate and handing them to him ; ' I only meant to tease you a little — Stevens pulled you down. Say, Jack, you won't peach, will you? I'm real sorry— a fellow can't say any fairer than that,' offering his hand. Redmond looked at him fiercely. ' Peach !' What can I say about being late, except that yon fellows hindered me ? I could have been on time.' . ' Yes, I know ;' Brady rubbed1 Mb curly head in desperation. '* Well, if yon must, you must ; it'll keep me back in j the Fifth another term, though, if you do,' 'How's that?' demanded Redmond im patiently, walking toward the play-room. *' Because I've been down below SO in con duct for two months, and if this -doesn't make the average my chance ia gone tip. Say, Red mond,' entreatingly, 'can't yon keep 'Still about it? You know you'd like to have some one do it for you, if it was your scrape !' Jack stopped and thought, aa well as his aching head would let him, how anxious he was to get into the Fifth, and Brady was as eager for promotion aB he. Of course, it was Brady's own fault— surely he deserved no mercy at Jack s hands. Why should he take the dis grace of another tardy mark to save Brady hia promotion, after he tiad been so mean? And yet'— 'I'll say nothiDg about it,' he Eaid^rurHy, . walking away without noticing Brady's out stretched hand and emphatic ''Good for 'you !' And having given hiB word, however ungra ciously, fire and Bteel could not make Jack Redmond break it, He hardly noticed who was in the play room, his head felt so confused and badly. Passing a group near the centre of the room he heard a low chuckle. ' Didn't get to the front this time, smarty, did you ?'' It was the last hair. Every atom of -Jack's ? hot blood seemed to boil. in his veins. Ha flung the slate in his hand at the speaker's head, and flew at him like a tiger. Before tha astonished monitor had time to interfere, tiro etronger hands than his forosl the angry lads apart with the peremptory ex clamation, ' Boys, atop ! Redmond, Stevens, how dare you.' The voice brought Stevens to his senses. Mr. Haverill had come down, as he occasionally did, to observe the play-room order ; but Jack, still wild with fury, turned fiercely on hia captor when a sight met his eyes that took rage and strength together. Will Snesham was leaning against the partition, with a -gash just below the temple, where the slate, missing Stevens, cad etrnck him. Realising instantly -what he had done, tha shock, the reaction from his fury, the effest of hie severe fall,- were too rnucb. for Jack. With a groan, he threw up his clenched hands and Btaggered against Mr. Haverill, who laid him gently down upon the floor. 'Get some water, quick !' said the principal to one cf the frightened lads. ??-ThiB b jy will kill himself or somebody else in one of these bursts of passion. That was a dangerous blow, Snesbam. Are you much hurt?' 'Nothing but a sb'ght cut,' answered the ?yontb, coming hastily forward. 'It stunned me a little at first, but some court-plaster will set thiB all right. Poor Jack I11 in an under tone, bending over his friend. Mr. Haverill directing him to go at once for the court-plaster, Will reluctantly rose and obeyed, wnieperiner to the monitor, '' T«lthim I'm all right when fie comes round.7' 'Stevens,' said Mr. Haverill, turning sharply to that youth, who was wiping ths blood from his face, bis lip having been cat in the scuffle, ' What is the meaning of this bad ness?' ' I jhsfc chaffed him a little for being late,* muttered Stevens, 'and he came at me like mad.' ? : . ', 'I heard what you said. Waa that all?' de manded the principal, aad Stevens replied sullenly, 'sThat was all I said, wasn't it ?' ' turning to the lads who had been standing by. They assented, but Mr. Haverill continued to look keenly at Stevens, who, though shaking in his shoes, managed to cover his confusion by Brady, who had been ba thing Jack's head and ~ chafing hiB hands, looked up half inclined to tell the truth. Fear choked him ; he gulped- ' - once or twice, and was silent. A messenger came from Mr. Nellis, ' Should he open school, or was Mr. Haterill coming up ?:- 'Tell Mr. Nellis I will be there in a moment,' answered the principal, and bant over Jack whose pale lips were Eighing,1' Will! Will! OWfll!' 'SB.. Brady and the monitor eagerly uttered an encouraging 'He's all right!' and Mr. Haverilllasked, ' Are you quite yourself how, Redmond?' The lad replied faintly, and bidaing tha monitor see that both boys came directly after the assembly-room was cleared, Mr. Haverill hastened upstairs, where the classes had been .' gathered and waiting nearly 15 minutes. - Under pretence of needing his assistance) Stevens drew Brady -out to the hydrant. 'This is a fix !' he said, dashing the Croton over his face. 'I don't know but you and I had better bolt. When that scalawag tells about the gate the old man will bolt us, 'any way.' 'If you had kept your tongue etill,' -com- plained the -other, ' there needn't hare been ~ any fuss. Redmond promised he'd say nothing , about it— I was afraid it would keep me bask —and Snesham says he sticks to his void like - :' an oyster to itB sheJL' . Stevens stopped hiB cleansing process. ' . ,.- ' Did he though T Goody! Then all we've got to do is to keep still. The general doeBn't like him any too welL' - , * 'I don't know whether hell hang to hisword now or not,' said Brady fretfully. ' I wouldn't, and it seems mighty mean to let him take; tha ? - - '? blame of the whole business -when you half killed him oat there by the gate.' - ?? 'You needn't have a thing to say,*1 re- - - '*'. tnrned Stevens -soothingly. 'The general ? ? don't know yon are mixad op in at au; itTI just nebatweenRedmond and me. My average will stand it, even if I get some blame; youra : won't.' Brady felt the truth of this argument, and followed the other slowly iack to the play room, where the tardy bell soon sent ail to their rooms. The monitor, having . brought Redmond and Stevens to the desk, with tha Y : air of a sheriff delivering his prisoners, also retired ; and Mr. Haverill, noticing that' Jack was still pale, made them both sit down on a front seat, and took a place near them. 'This is a disgraceful business, boys,' ha 1' said sternly. 'Disgraceful to the whole school '- and to me as its principal. I thought Ninety's boys were getting above such rowdyism. Now, StevenB, give me your account of it again.' . ? Stevens did so, telling only the ocourreruw in the play-room, and omitting all that 'went before. ThenMr. Haverill said— 'Redmond, is this true?' 'True as fat as it goes,' answered Uask languidly. 'As far as it goes? What else is. there?' Then Jack remembered his promise to Brady. He felt instinctively thatif heacouaed Stevens the latter. would at onos implicate Brady, He had roused himself to speak, bat at this thought -folded his arms with -along ' '- breath and settled down info silence. - 'lam waiting, Redmond/' impsttentl? ; from.Mr. Haverill. . - ' No answer. 'Stevens,' turning angrily to the other, ' 'have yon told [me all the truth concerning -*? this matter?' _*1Why, yes, sir,' with an injured expression. 'Yon heard lt- yourself,' Jack tamed round on hia enemy with eyes' T blazing so that Mr. Haverill involuntarily leaned forward to interpose between them; bnt tbe remembrance of his passion and its result ruBhed over the boy with thiB brief flash of it. He shuddered and grew pale. Mr. Haverill, watching him, was puzzled. His quick perception divined something back of all this, and though prejudiced against Jack, neither did be altogether trust Sbevens. He spoke to Jack quite gently — ' My boy, Stevens was very unkind to sneer at you as he did, but that ib no excuse for such an attack as yon made upon inm. Ti«a fruj than yours has made many affiant murderer. You might have had somethBKinyoarihandl that -would have killed Saeeham, Istdkine where it did; the slate iteelf, vithwaichv difference, would probably have destroyed thev sight of one eye. Ab it is, both he and Stevens will carry the scars yon have given them through life.' 'Killed his friend in a fit of temper !' Ths words seemed burned into Jack's brain. With; a low grown and a sob he covered his eyes vith his hand. 'Go down to Miner's drug store, StevenB,' said Mr. Haverill, 'and hare that out attended to. I am not at all satisfied about yonr share in this, but must believe you till I have more reason for doubting yonr word,' and alter Stevens had gone he turned again to Jack 'Now, Redmond,' still speaking kindly, -. 'yon consider me partial, I believe; btrttelt me honestly do yon or do yon not deserve punishment for what yon have done ?' ' It's all right, Mr. Haverill,' replied Jack ia low tones. 'I do deserve it. I'll take any thing ; it won't be unjust only — — ' He stopped, and Mr. Haverill after waiting a moment went on— 'I know something of a boy's feeling in such matters. Yon may think it dishonorable and tale-bearing to report to me any previous occurrence thathad irritated yon. It certainly will not be since I, as yonr principal, deaira yon to do so. Though nothing can excuse; such a fearful burst of temper, yon may .have had some previous provocation that should lessen die severity of yonr puxuflhment.' Silence on Jack's part. Mr. Haverill tried another tack, ' Has anything of the kind happened within school limits?' Replied to by a faint 'Yes, air.' fcV'Then, Redmond,' with decision, 'I com mand you to tell me.' t?= If the seal of eternal silence had bees set on Jack's lips they could not have been _mora ' - rigid than they were. Mr. Haverill rose and stood before him, per fectly astonished at such unparalleled ob stinacy. 'Do yon know what the result will be, if you continue to defy my authority ?' With an effort Jack answered, ' I fluppoBe I shall be expelled.' 'Exactly.' After another cause, 'Hava you Btill nothing to aay to me?' Jack's 'No, sir,' waB scarcely audible. Mr* Haverill sat down again in despair. 'Idon*t know why -I do not'order you to leave at once,' he Baid ; ' but I wfll^tre yon one more chance, Get your books and go to Miss Moon's room. I send yon to this lower , grade partly as » punishment for what you have done, portly to give yon time to think over yonr defiance of yae. If, by Friday after noon, yon still refuse to obey, and I discover no good reason for yonr refusal, you know the consequences; and if yon leave before that tine I shall consider yon as expelled, and notify the superintendent and the other schools.' (To be continued.) 