SPELLING REFORM. Salient Points • of-the Orthography Bilt^ NOW BEFOHE CoNGUKSS. ■Tub Fiftieth Congress is considering a bill for " an auiondcd orthography," which provides for a simplification of spelling. The bill proscribes lhal it shall tuko effect upon all the schools of tlio territories ami Ihoso of the district of Columbia, and upon the military and naval academics and tho Indian and colored schools in tin? territories. It' declares, furthermore, that any officer, school director, coimnittoe, or teacher in control of any school described in this act, who -shall refuse or neglect : to comply with 'tlvo requirements of this act shall be removed from office. Tho bill begins by onactirig that''Tho following amended orthography shall be recognised as correct." The orthography referrod to is grouped under the following twelve heads. First—The silont e shall be dropped when phonetically useless, as iu are, granite : oaten, rained, hearken,, and so forth. Write er for re, as in theater, metor, eaber, and so I forth. Second—Drop a from ea, having the sound'of e, as in; feather, leather and so forth. Third—Drop o from eo, having the sound 'of or us in jeopardy, leopards, and so forth. Fourth—For o lia'viiig" the sound of u write n iu above (abuv), dozen, some (sum), tons no (luiig) unci iho lilco. Fifrh—Drop n from ou, having tho sound of u, as in journal, nourish, Tough (ruf); trouble, tough (tuf) and the like. Sixth—Drop silent u after g, before a and. in native English words ; drop final ue, asl in guarantee, guard, gur-ss, guest, guilt and so forth ; apologue, catalogue and so forth :! domagogno, pedagogue, and so forth; league,! harangue; ton«uo (tung) and so forth.;' ?7' j Seventh—Double consonants shall.-be! simplified: — i Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, 1, z, ns in ebb,> add, egg, inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, bnxz,! and so forth. Medial before another consonant, as battle, ripple, written (writn) and so forth. Initial unaccented prefixes and other unaccented syllables, as in abbreviate, accuse, affair, and so forth ; curvetting, traveller, and so forth. Eight—Change d and ed, final, to t when so pronounced, as in crossed (crost), looked (lookt) audso forth, unless the e affects tho proceeding; sound, as in chafed, chanced. Ninth—Change gli and ph to f when so pronounced, as in cctigb, philosophy, and so forth. Tenth—Change s to z in distinctive words as in abuse, verb ; house, verb ; rise, verb, and so forth. Eleventh—Drop t in catch, witch, and so forth. Twelfth—Change the spelling in the following words : Ake (ache), anker (anchor), beuty (beauty), eoud (could), whole (hole), parlamont (parliament), receit,'(rime) rhyme Rent (scent), sithe (sythe),- wiineu (women), yoman (yeoman); drop silent b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plumb, subtle, succumb, thumb; change c back to s in cinder, expenco, fierce hence, once, pence, scarce, since source, tlience, tierce, whence ; drop the h of ch in chamomile, choler, cliolora, melancholy, school, stomach ; drop g in foreign, feign sovereign ; drop h in aghast, burgh, ghost; drop gli in haughty, thoughh (tho), through (thru) drop s in aisle, demesne, island : Provided, That the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names. And provided further, That whore ambiguity would result from the use of the said rules the old form may be retained. Never ask a young woman are her boots tight, she never gets a pair too small, rather the other way. Iu the event of the Pope finding it necessary to leave Rome King Leopold has offered his Holiness a residence in Belgium. Holloway's Pill's nnrl Ointment.--Outward infirmities. Before the discovery of these remidies, many cases of sores, ulcers, itc., were pronounced to be pronounce! to be hopelessly incurable, because tlie treatment pursued tended to destroy tho strength it was incompoto'it to preserve, and to exasperate the symptoms it was inadequate to remove. JIolloviiy's fills exert the most wholesome powers over the unhealthy tlesh or skin, without debarring the patient from fresh air and exercise, and thus the constitutional figure is husbanded while the most malignant ulcers, abscesses, and skin diseases are in fjroeess of cure. Both ointment and pills make the lilnod richer and purer, instead ot letting it fall into that poor and watery st ite so fatal to many labouring under ehronic diseases. 