A STORY OP TO-DAY. A FAIR CRUSADER: BY _ WILLIAM WESTALL [THE HIGHT OF TRANSLATION* IS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXYII.-SOMETHING VEUÏ STRANGE. ExoTiED though George was, tho had taste of some parts of Lenin's letter did not escape his attention ; but that troubled him little.. "It is only a criminal lawyer's letter," was his mental comment. " "What can you expect?" Conroy was dying and Evelyn would be free. These were facts, compared with . which everything else sank into merest insig- nificance. ' Yet when he had somewhat composed himself and considered the matter more calmly, his satisfaction was less complete chan it had been at the first blush. He had not the least pity for Conroy, he looked on him-rather unreasonably-as his own per- sonal enemy, one who had done him a cruel wrong, and whose death would remove an otherwise irremovable hindrance to the con- summation of his hopes. If the " villain," as George always called him in bis mind, had died at once, either of consumption or any- thing else, he would not have wasted another thought on him; hut to hear of a fellow creature being stricken with a mortal malady, and feel delighted thereat, was not quite what it ought to be. It fretted him, it seemed .almost ignoble, that he should be waiting for this convicted felón to die, in order that he might step into his shoes ; and , half an hour after he had received the news of Conroy's illness so exultingly, he found himself wishiug that he had heard nothing bf it until the mau was actually dead. Then Iiis satisfaction would have been without . alloy. Should he tell Evelyn? That was the question which next presented itself for con- sideration, he had pondered it for some time without being able to come to a decision on the point, when the door opened and Ali ., announced Mrs. Minton. "You are looking better, George," she said, " or rather not quite so ill. Do you feel so, and what says the doctor ?" '' Tes, you look better," she went on, after he had answered her questions, " andi am glad that you feel so. But ; you still look very thoughtful and anxious, os if-to speak plainly-there was something on your . mind. Now I don't mean to BOY I am not curious-I might as well say that I am not a woman, or try to make you believe I am an angel-which no woman is, let poets say what they will. All the same, I don't want to pry into your secrets-if you have any. But 1 do want to see you well, and it ÍB sometimes a relief to open your mind to a friend. It might be a comfort to you. True, I am not a mau, and I know there are things that men do not like to confide, even to their " sisters. Tet in one respect, at least, I rise superior to my sex-I can keep a Beeret; neither am I so easily shocked as most women are, or pretend to be. I know too well how weak and foolish, and worse, men can be." r v "You are as rough on our sex as your own," said George, who felt almost amused. "I am a married woman," said Mary, grimly. George reflected. Why shouldn't he con- fide in Mary ? Now that Conroy was going to die, there was no longer thc same motive for absolute secrecy as there had been when his hope of marrying Evelyn seemed so very remote. To share his secret with somebody would be a comfort, and Mary was shrewd ; her counsel might bo useful. Not thus would he have argued in the pleuitude of his strength, but now-. Yes, he would tell her. And he did-every- thing, ending by putting to her the question which he had just put to himself. . "I half guessed as much. Men generally do take love badly when they get to your time of life ; but I did not think you could be so soft as to make yourself seriously ill about any woman, poor old man," said Mary compassionately. "I have not made myself ill about a woman," protested George, who did not find' being called soft and old particularly sooth-' ing to his feelings. " I admit that I have been extremely anxious, that Evelyn is very dear to me, but I deny that this is the cause of my illness. If it were, how could a mut- ton chop make me feel so much better ? Tell me that." Yes, he would Ml her. And he (tief, everytliiny. ""Well, well. You need not be, angry, and I am sure I have no right to reproach anybody with being soft. I am softness itself. And I must say this : if you must marry, you could not give your love to any- body more worthy of it, or less likely to make you miserable, thau Evelyn Waters. It is certaiuly rather awkward that she is another man's wife ; but as you did not know it at first, I cannot blame you ; and bis death would simplify matters amazingly. But don't think to deceive me. Confess, now. It is this letter, much more than Dr. Mostyn's tonic, which has so miraculously restored your appetite." " I assure you, Mary," exclaimed George, indignantly, "that I ate the chop before I read the letter. But never mind that. Shall I tell her ? That is the present question." " Certainly nor." "Why?" " Because there is nothing to be gained by agitating her mind-possibly encouraging her with false hopes," Mary was going to say, but tbiuking better of it she refrained. " You must remember, that she has romantic notions of duty, and that this man is her husband, after all. How do you know that if she heard he was sick and in prison she would not.think it her duty to visit him ?" "I am sure she would do nothing of the sort. The villiah has no claim on her what- ever, and 1 think I ought to tell her. How- ever, there is no need to decide to-day. I will think about it. She must be very un- happy, poor soul ; and I have no right to keep back anything that might give her hope-But never mind that now-"We are a pair of unfortunates, you and I. I suppose you haven't heard anything of Harold, yet ?" "What would you say if I told you that he bad come back and is this moment at Wild Roses ?" " I should say-But you are joking You surely don't mean-" " I do, though. I mean that my poor boy has returned to mc." (Here her eyes filled with tears.) " And I suppose you received him with open arms ?" " Of course. Didn't I say just now that ; [ am almost softer than you, and if you can tell me how anybody can be softer, I shall be ' very much obliged. There is only one thiDg that I cannot forgive him." " Really. And what is that, pray ?" " Nearly frightening me to death, last night. He glided in a ghost-like fashion across a glade of the forest, as Lucy and I were driving home, and vanished mysteri- ously among the trees; and I have heard so many stories about people's wraiths and double's appearing-or appearing to appear -to their relatives and friends at the time of their deaths, that I quite thought my worst forebodings were realised, and I had rather a bad time of it. But Lucy Pember- ton, who is of a very practical turn of mind, persuaded me to take a walk in the forest this morning, and there I met him." "In tho flesh?" j " Of course. What use would he be out j of it ? Just fancy ! He had been stayiug at ^the Owl-that little inn, you know-not j daring to show up." ; "At the Owl." " I kuow what you are thinking. But he does not drink a drop of anything strongei than tea-and won't - he has taken the pledge." " I am not given to be over sanguine,' continued Mary, after a short pause, " bul I believe he will be staunch this time. I dc indeed. He seems quite another man, anc has actually brought back more money thar he took away. What do you think of that?' " The deuce he has ! But where has h< been all this time ?" " According to what he tells me-he hai always a very vague recollection of wha befalls him when he is on the loose-he fel in with a friend shortly after hè took nr money, a congenial spirit. I know him ; hi isn't an occasional drunkard, like Harold but a confirmed toper. Well, this, mai took him to dine at his club-you ma} imagine how they dined. The next da; they went to Newmarket and elsewhere then to Liverpool races. What took plac there I cannot make out. Harold think he betted, and both won and lost money but on thc whole he must have won-con siderably. Then there was a row ; unless ' am mistaken, something like a free fighl Anyhow, several of them were taken int custody on a charge of being drunk and dis orderly and assaulting the police." "Oh ! he remembers that, does he ?" "He remembers the charge being rea over to: him next morning, when he ha been sobered by a night in the police cell: and he had good cause to remember, for i was then that he did the most sensible thin in his life-I tell him the only sensibl thing. The magistrate fined him five pound and costs, in default of payment to go t prison for a month. When he heard this Harold begged that he might not have tb option of a line. ' If you let me go now he said, 'I shall lose all my money and ge into more trouble. Lock me up for month, and the fit will be off. A month' imprisonment is just what I need, and les than I deserve !" The magistrate took hit at his word and gave him a month withot thc option of a fine. He says it did him a the good in the world. The enforced leisui gave him opportunity for reflection and vt pentance, while the prison diet and disc pline restored his body to its normal concl tion. When he went ont he was taken i hand by some religious' people-Crusader I think-I haven't got to know all from hil yet, it comes out bit by bit. But one thin is clear, he is a changed man. He seems t be under the influence of a new set c motives.; He says very ?little-only^tbat;. with God's help he hopes never to touch ; drink again. He has never acted so before, does not make excuses and talk about being a victim of dipsomania, or having two natures as he used to do. That is what encourages me so much. I know what you will think; I know what everybody will think. But don't tell me you have no faith in him. "Wait till you see him, and then j you will be able to judge for yourself." i It would have been cruel to dash Mary's new-born hopes by expressing the doubts which it was impossible not to entertain, so George said that he hoped- felt almost sure, indeed - that her anticipations would be realised and Harold become all she could wish. On this Mary brightened up wonderfully. " He wants to see you and »sk your for- giveness, but is afraid that after what has happened you may not care to see him." " On the contrary. I will be glad to see him-on condition, however, that he says nothing about forgiveness," answered George. "If you forgive him, that is surely enough, and it was your money he took, not mine." " Perhaps better wait "until , you come to "Wild Eoses. I do not think I should like him to come here. Yet if he could do you any good-professionally, I mean-I would bring him, all the same. But now that you are getting better so nicely I don't think there is any need. Do you think you will carry out that idea we discussed the other day. Coming to "Wild Eoses, I mean. The Pembertons can give you pleasant rooms and put up your horses. You could have your own groom, too, and altogether you would be more independent and, I should say, more at home than you are here." " I daresay you are quite right, Mary. And yes, I think I should like it. But there are difficulties in the way." ""What difficulties?" "They are all so very kind-Eufine particularly. She reads to me, and when Ali is not about gives me my medicine, anticipates my wishes, does everything she can for me, in fact." "No doubt. But for all that she is not sincere, George." " So you have said before, and so I have thought. But really, it has seemed to me the last few days that she is sincere. Any- how, she is very kind, and I should not like to break with her opeuly. If I do go to "Wild Eoses, and I almost think I had better -if I do go it must be managed." "Managed! "What do you mean." "I mean that I should not like to tell Peter and Eufine that I was going to change my quarters. I would go first of all to the seaside-Brighton or Bournemouth, or one of those places-and then write aud say that, having decided to stay another year in England, I had taken rooms in "Wild Eoses for the hunting season ; it would be more convenient to be where my horses are." " Well, George, you have changed!" ex- claimed Mary. "As much for the worse as Harold has changed for the better," she would have said if she had completed the sentence. "I know it, Mary. I know it. I am becoming as infirm in purpose as I am weak in body. However, if I eat a few more chops and sleep as I slept last night. . . . . . It is very kind of you to come and see me, Mary. Your visits always do me good. But you have not seen much of Harold yet, and if you would rather stay with him to-morrow-" "Very well, I will stay with him to- morrow. You are better, and Eufine Í3 so kind and so faithful, you can do without me, at any rate for a few days." George bad spoken without arrière pensée, but Mary, irritated by his absurd fear of offending Eufine (as she deemed it), chose to see in the observation a hint that her visits were more frequent than welcome, while he, a little huffed in turn, and unequal to the exertion of a long talk, made no effort to put her right. So it came to pass that sister and brother, for the first time in their lives, took cold leave of each other. " He is quite under that woman's thumb," said Mary to herself, as she went away. "He will not be able to call his soul his own, soon. The idea of George Brandon, who used not to care a button for anybody, not daring to change his quarters without resorting to a subterfuge! Aud when it comes to the point he will not leave, or, if he does, he will let her go with him. But what can one do, and where can one find an antidote for the bane? Miss "Waters! If that wretched husband of hers would only get done with his dying, we should soon upset Mrs. Peter's apple cart. "Well, I must hope for the best." As it happened, she did not see Eufine -probably because Eufine did not want to see her-perhaps fortunately, as Harold suggested when she got home. " You might have had words," he said. " I think that is very likely," was Mary's answer. " At any rate, if we had met as I was going away. I did not feel in the best of tempers just then. Yes, it is perhaps as well I did not see her. And I shall be in no hurry to go again. There will be no need. If Conroy dies, and he is on a fair way for it, I think, George will be sure to get better. " In the other event ?" " That would be awful. I think it would kill him." Por three days Mary was as good as her word, but on the fourth, she began to waver, and her mind was ill at ease. George had said nothing at which she had a right to take offence, and though he could not muster up courage to leave Pairniead, that was no reason why she should keep away from him, or act as if "out of sight were out of mind." He was better, of course, for no news is good news, and she had not heard a word since she was last at The Cottage. All the same, it would be more satisfactory to see him and to know that he really was better. On the fifth day, anxiety and suspense utterly vanquishing her waver- ing resolution, she asked Lucy Pemberton to drive her once more across the forest to Fairmead. On the way thither they met Ned, riding Cock Eobin. ""Well met," said the young fellow, "I was coming for you." "You don't mean that-that-" gasped Mary, with a sickening sense of apprehension that almost deprived her of the power of utterance. " No, no. Geoi'ge is not dead. But he is worse, and unless something is done, I fear he soon will be." ""What can be done? "What do you think should be done ?" " "Well, I don't think Dr. Mostyn quite understands, the case. Indeed he admits as much, and I want to have somebody down from London. Mrs. Brandon proposes to dismiss Doctor Mostyn and call in Doctor Sandford. -/?But that would do' no. ; "good whatever.-1 Sandford is-an old duffer, and Mrs.-Brandon and I have had words, to put it plainly something like a quarrel, and as ray father shallies" about it and evidently shrinks from the resposibility of a decision, "I thought I would get you to come over again. You are quite as much entitled to have your say as Mrs. Brandon;" "Of course I am. And look here ! My ! husband is the cleverest doctor I know ; if it had not been for his unhappy propensity he would now be one of the most rising medical men in London. But he is all right now. Do you think Mostyn would meet him in consultation ?" . " I am sure he would. He said only yes- terday "that he should.like us to call in some- body else. I daresay, though, Mrs. Brandon will have something to say." Never mind Mrs. Brandon. Compared with my brother's life, her wishes don't weigh a feather in the balance. Now, look here, Ned! I will go straight on to your house and see George, while you ride round by Dr. Mostyn's surgery and ask him to make an appointment to meet your Uncle - Harold later on; Then you will perhaps be good enough to take a .cab and fetch .lum;;. Leave me to.deal with your stepmother. .1 take all the responsibility. . Will,you ?" ,- ; "Certainly, Aunt Mary. I wilt take the hear cut by- the Green Ride, see Mostyn, order the cab, then gallop over to Wild Roses to apprise Uncle Harold, and unless I am much mistaken you will have both doc- tors at The Cottage in less than two hours." With that, Ned turned his horse round, jumped him over the- ditch by the roadside, doubled a promontory of beech trees, and the next moment was lost to view. " Give Flirt a touch of the whip, Lucy dear," said Mary. " If we would save poor George's life, we have no time to lose. There is something very strange in all this." TO BE CONTINUED IN TUESDAY'S ISSUE. 