gjiST WAE-GBf. T.O.H.Son. P r;orithhiui, and the shout of a spectacle to see the King t' SSW i3D£ %th! of Lj, sad Lcmpanied by tnat strange Tucphet Balaam. iiiey & f 5 Svtm Israel vrith the evil ®vingto 1 " ig up011 her tents m You see them gazing fStotatoupoiiae caoamp- ldemess lbcww, even as U aloft tiar Prc?A Tlie3- »a <wel eyes. Conrnng ®ceaT;, the nanon vhich he it®?3 6 c,---reilv c-ndeavourmg by m'- fU?\nnent to bring evil upon the r.vvali has chosen and led into ' you gee them ofiering their S"aPd their seven rains upon the bf?Vhi'-h &e;?" have set up upon ps f"a-y5 Baiaani retires to wait 1 1 - c®! come upon imi, aiitl prophesy. In all b D ... waw u.dhio.L- about this at « .-"'ifT _ V. -m PldecrtaialTtiic people eemwknew ti,e foul conspiracy. There lay v t"he valic-v, unaw are that mischief (o.ui'e unable to meet the fShiheyJmd.been ayrare of .. Kvit was for them that they 1 b|t; bv a Ybaie'ier, and a Holy One, f never slumber. Hvw true it is fK'bf j py keep it: I Kill water it -'1 btD- l'DicIwa teep it The Lord's eyes are fixed the hireling, ami Balak the son vain do they wcavo the and worn the divination ; they Pfh, uriy asham-rd and confounded. Zr-TS iged in their juac-hinations and L d-hst-T in " their schemes, ami that rc-asoa : it is written, 'Jehovah .Cod'spre-j jj-idst of liis people is as a- wal ® unnd about thein, and a glory in their |k ' The Lord is their light and their th". -horn shall they fear:' s urfS6IlL LiiliO Goci w JYCOJJXOJ recording to fae election of grace, la rJ cwc-U hhe sheep in the midst of "Rlen, as a part of the Lord's |i;Lvcbok at our .surroundings, we see might cause us alarm ; for never, SEOty or right, is h&tan; quiet. Like a grsrlion he goetli about, seeking whom he !i> devoir; he plots in secret his crafty fees: if it- was possible he would deceive 3iijTeryelo\'t. This prince of darkness s ea earth m-ny more diligent servants. Esssg ks and had to make proselytes, pg cat all their strength, and using all sr craft vad cunuim-. if by any means iv est destroy the kingdom of God, and iSis: ie tmtt froin under heaven. It is kidsi cf ail to see certain men who know 2 tnii in some degree, as Balaam did, rekrirto league villi the adversary against 1 fee Israel. Tke&e; combine their arts, SiKsli possible means, that the gospel of sgri d G-ju. cud ike church that holds iEvuneriT be cei-rrcyed. If the church EEifetrovedit will be no thanks to her sk ktkev would swallow her up quick, fe ve look apaii the signs of the times our at pars heavy; for mi qiaty abounds, the tecii2SEvvsxe.scokt. many false spirits Wfosesbroaa into the earth, and some pave looked upon cs helpers are proving feves to be cf mother order. TVhat heve disiraycb? By no means, for KteGpTwiio was in the midst of the £-!? is. the church of hg..in shall Iter adversaries defend her, for Mitifls b-uur Eis church upon a rock, L fat£d, 01 k'-h shall not prevail C reason, cf her safety is % ® gu-t of kc-r uotb. dwell i yi'-. 10 er ' i-.eb.-:r Eivs.ll, fcd' - grrmd safeguard of <"rja' cc--— her against U;r ) pr0"5711 end nrJ-:novrn. earthly or t-Vt .1' c7.Ta God is with him, and Kit? h??5.' "»<»« &a.;' Sr-rrit help me -while I try s presence with T-Tia .llrpn the results of that nPn ll?> hy the pfcjii 1 pibsenec -uav be preserved rT.mongst u?. tgEpcatslitae ppon God's r%v Tir, " f pi--T-:lCl- It is an extra- Ntct,.""9' r tod's ordinary and & CTerrwiiei'e. Whithci sha'il lk'vn115 J'usc"n(;c 'r Ke is in the PfiithT ?-a 311 l3ie Kest hell ; the f 7 L? the high hills, and r'r-isfAA- 4ec'P Pees. This l'iTeMere wonderful for ns ; rveaH ' lor Him we live mil r7/'aTe 7 hchrg. Stai, there is h 71 or God was among His &HoabflltICI;'IifSS as -"e "w_as nt y God is Bdomites, their ly%ldi Tj . y15 chiirch as He is not lyit tW rl a PeerJiar promise of the th His people iQefe' Brlie of fcl?" Hei2M?1|t. lus,lIldmi18 at PH for r ? s church, 'Here K>tban n 7,e ?eFed it,' This is K58 tie farm J ahout ns; it fctioii of »„ Tr towards ns, His &enearats; '+ ortillg with us. IjjJe speak. ess 13 the presence of great reverence K p -bire. Tho the entireness KtSSSfl Tethna- Like M « g Lordpitieth our steps, help- 118 or eternity. Essl S®' liearing' every IKS?8, Ihe every tear of |v» fccfcm.- m the midst ©f I towards I been our dwelling- from any toto. who brcaRbr u far %>irit of adoptioh .whSu1 I316 Come, |Ja' m thisj your heareMSWk - J you, and abides joesencqof the SKBftJsJS.'lWS j-t. ' _ Vy our fellowship is with not mdo oigh b/ffi, viih us , yea, He is one with us. Peculiarly isHe wlm06 r tos to the Holy Ghost. It- is He who represents the Lord JesTs who' have a double poriioh temsee Him' now r-"\ H-e 13 up ; even as ElLha had a totbe rtl<;11,.of PKiall's spirit, according wW T 1P?11t'8 4 thou see me ni it shall be so unto thee ;' ttnt is,' a "double portion of mv spine ehah rest upon thee. It was expedient that our Lord ana Master should go that the spirit mignt be given. That Spirit, once oui.poured at Pentecost, has never been with drawn. Ho is stiU in thfc midst of this S T, ' ""a-yyiag, giuu-oig, quicsening, eoniiorting,. exercising all the blessed office of ; the i-araclete, and being for . ua and.inkus God s .advocate, pleading for " the truth ";and -or us. Yes. _dear friends, the Fainer klthe voivft- jioly Spirit are- hi the "midst of tno true chinch of God when that church is in a right and -hc-althy state; and if the Triune God be gone away from the church, then her banners; must trail in the dust, for her warriors have lost their strength. This is the glory of the church of God— to have the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God the Father, and the communion or ilie Holy Ghost to be her never-failing benediction. > "What a glory to have Father, Son, apdjHqljr Spirit manifesting thr'God head in- tthe-' midst of our assemblies, "and blessing each one Gf us. For God to dwell with us— what a con- descending presence this is. And will God in, very trnvc- dwc-11 among men ? If the heaven of hea ; - a-aiot contain Kim, will He abide His people t He will. Glory be to His name. Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost V God dwelleth in us. Wonderful word. Who can fathom the depth of this grace? The mystery of the incarnation is equalled by the mystery of the indwelling. That- God the Holy Ghost should dwell in our bodies is as extraordinary as that God the Son should in habit that bedv which was bom of the blessed Virgin. Strange, strange, is this, that the Creator should dwell inhis creatures, that the infinite should tabernacle in finite beings. Yet so it is ; for He has said, ' Certainly I will be with thee.' My dear friends, we sometimes hear men : talk of the failure of the church. We are afraid that some churches do fail. Wherever failure occurs, the bottom of it is the absence of the Lord of Hosts, for He cannot fail. I heard one, speaking of the district . in which he lives, say, ' We are a religious psople. Almost all the people attend a : place of worship; but,' he added 'Tarn bound to add that of spiritual life we have but few traces. One church has given up its prayer meetings, another feels that its entertain-; merits are more important than its worship, and another is notorious "for its worldliiiess.' This is a testimony as terrible as it is common. The worst that thing can be said of any Christian community is this— 4 Thonhast a name to live and art, dead.' '-Thou art neither cold nor hot.' Our Lord Jesus, says, ' I would tlicu weri cold or . hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee . out of My mouth.' A church without life and zeal makes Christ sick : He cannot bear it. He can put up with downright godlessness sooner than with a profession with religion out of which the life and the power are gone, since it has cooled down into lukewarrrvness. This, then, we should pray for continually — the presence of God in the midst of His people. Great Sheplierd of thine Israel, | "Who didst between the cherubs dwell, .And ledd'st the tribes, Thy chosen sheep, Safe through the desert and the deep— Thy church is in the desert now ; Shine from, on high, and guide us through J Turn us to Thee, Thy love restore ; "We shall be saved and sigh no more. II . To whet your desire for this, let me pass on to the second head of my snbject, which is briefly to describe the results of this Divine presence. Some of these results are mentioned in the context. One of the first is leading — ' God brought them out of Egypt' (verse 22). The best critics give us another rendering" : ' God is bringing them out of Egypt.' When God is in the midsfc of His people He is leading them, so that we may cheerfully sing that song, ' He leadeth me, He leadeth me,' and go on with David to word it, ' He leadeth me beside the still waters.' "We want no leader in the church when we have God, for His eye and arm will guide His people. I am always afraid of bavin"" human rules in a church, and equally fearftd of being governed by human prece dents. l am afraid of power being vested in one or two, or twenty men. The power must be in the Lord Himself. That church which has God in the midst of it rules itself, and goes right without any olber gmdance but that which comes of the Holy Spirits working. Such a church keeps together without aiming at unifonnity, and goes on to victory even though S|S?(? That movement is right which is y Go<L and that is sure to be all wrong which is led in the best possible way if God te bsmt. Organisation all very well ;but I some- Drrmsfeel inclined to join with Zwmglejm jjolv Trinity, let nil loose fcr Lon erery- hodv Is tee/if God bsjwesent e'er, body jb iS«Ji«d7thsrighfc. When each man moves bou._ 4« the divine instinct in him, there fekoftions. All is order 3St «s the istams ol where ®d oower of God, eo do .tet toll in loyo with this" ggticar pern or that, myfiher. not cry up tins scheme of. woijao- or Jhat ' Get the Spirit ot that spiritual life j kfonn M energy suitable for the God never leads His ftacrthCT1 to:|oHow shali tiaverse it dr3od : %o fi; " I« them througb-a desert, they sliafl bhlfed;: -xough it oring them into' a " thirsty land,, they shali dr-mk to the full of water frome rock. We must have the Lord with us to guide us into our promised rest. When. God is with His people. He mil give ' toem power of a deructivetond. Bo ndtibe lightened. Here is the text for it : ' Behold tim people shall rise up as a . great lion, and Mt up himself as a voung lion'— that is, as a hon in the fulhiess of lus vigour — 'he snail not lie down until he eat of the prey, and ..drink the blood of the slain.' God has put into His church, wheu He is in it, a most wonderful, destructive power, as against spiritual-, wickedness. A healthy church kills error, and tears in pieces evil. Hot so very long ago oiir nation tolerated slavery in our colonies. Phil anthorpists endeavoured .to destroy slavery ; but when was it. utterly abolished? it was when Wilberforce roused tiie, church of Grcd, and when .the church of God. addressed herself to . the conflict, then she : tore -the evil thing, to. pieces. .. I.have been, amused with what "Wilberforce said .the day! _:3Xcer t»€;passed<tlie:;Act of Emancipation-; -He merrily said to a friend when, it was all , :done, ' Is there not something else w'.qan:: ;-:-abolh?'-rfniat was: said playfully; butkii" ofa God. . lives iri conflict and victory ; her misrion is to destroy everything that is bad in the land. See the fierce .devil of intemperance how it devours men ! Earnest friends have been! labouring against it, and they, have done something for which we are grateful ; but if e-eer intemperance is . put down, it will be when the entire church of God shall" arouse herself to protest against it. When the strong- hon rises up the giant of diimkeimc-ss shall fall before him. 1 He shell not lie dowsnEtntSr the prey, slliii.' I augur for the world the best results from a fully aroused church. If God be in her, there is no evil which she c-annot over come. This crowded London cf ours some times appals me. The iniquity which reigns and rages in the lower districts, the general indifference and the growing atheism of the people, these are something terrible ; but let not the people of God be dismayed. If the Lord be in the midst of us we shall do with this as our sires have done with -other evils— we shall rise up in our strength and not lie down till the evil is destroyed, For the des tructions, mark you, of God's people are not the destructions of men and women ; they consist in the overthrow of sin, the tearing in pieces of systems of iniquity. This it is which God shall help His_ church to do, He. being in the. midst of her. III. Thirdly, let us look at a very impor tant point, and a very practical one, too— What can be done for the securing and pre serving of . the presence, of God with the- church ? This is a matter that' would require several sermons to discuss it fully; but I notice that there is something even in the. conformation of a church to secure this. God is very tolerant, and He bears with many mistakes in His servants, and yet blesses them ; but depend upon it, unless a church. is formed at -the very outset upon scriptural principles and in God's own way, sconer or later all . the mistakes of her constitution "will turn out to be sources of weakness. Christ loves td dwell in a house whichis built according to His . own plans, and not according to the! wkiflis and fancies of men. The church ought hot -to set up as her authority the decrees cf men, either living or dead ; her ruler is Ghrisfc. Associations , formed other wise than according to scripture must fail in the long run. I wish Christians would believe this. ChiHingwood said, The Bible and the. Bible alone", is the religion of Protestants.' This is not true. Certain Protestants have tacked many other things to the Bible, and they are suffering as the result of their folly, for they cannot keep their church from be-, coming Popish. Of course they cannot ; they have admitted a little leaven of Popery, and it will leaven the whole lump. The dry rot in one part of the house will spread through out the whole fabric sooner or lata. Let us.be careful to build on the foundation of Christ, and then let every man take heed how he build thereon ; for even if the foundation is good, yet if he build with hay and stubble the fire will cause him grievous loss. But, next, God will only dwell with a church which is full of life. The living God will not inhabit a dead church. Hence the necessity of having really regenerated people as members of the church. We cannot secure this in every case with all our watching ; tares will grow among the wheat. But if the admission of unregenerate men is usual, and there are no retrictions, then the Lord will be grieved and leave us. God dwelleth not in temples made with hands ; He has nothing to do with bricks and mortar ; He dwells in living souls. Remember that text : ' God is not the God of the dead, but of the living,' and it bears this sense, among others, that He is not the God of a church made.up of uncon verted people. Oh, that we may-all live unto God, and may that life be past all question. That being supposed, we next notice that to have God among us we must be full of faith. Unbelief gives forth such -ft noxious vapour that Jesus Himself could not stop where it was. His strength was paralysed : < He could not do any mighty works there because of their unbelief.' Faith creates an atmosphere in which the Spirit of God can work ; meanwhile the Spirit of God Himself creates that faith, eo that it is all of His own. working from first to last. Brothers, sisters, do you believe your God? Do you believe up to the hilt ? Alas, too many only believe a little I But do you beJiere His every word ? Do you believe His grandest promises? Is He a real God to you, making His words into facte every day of your lives? If no, then the Lord is among -us as in the boly place. Faith iraflds a pavilion in which her King delights to sit enthroned. Waih ihat must come prayer. Prayer fa the breath of faith. I do not believe God will ever belong with a church that does not pray aadl'ted certain that wheu meetings jdr prayer, when family prayer, when private prayer, tvhen any form of prayer comes to be .nt'a discount, the Lordwill leave the people ih;3niJh:r weaMess: ..Want of prayer toefhnL ,for practical ; She fa lame-|febfa, impotent, if matter ehnmli, ahdl anything the matter theromemfa consumption . ;tq the church, or |at" heist a adualdene, attended, with generals-debility. Ghj my. hrotiM»--if- lwekwt -to have "Gdd!mtfoiis7 -pass >thev watch word round, Let us pray? Let us -pray after the fashion of the widow who was importunate and would not be repulsed. Remember,, it is written, i Men ought always gfo pray, and : not to - faint? "Where prayer is fervent God isl present.. Lastly, when we have reached to. that, let, us have practical consecration. Ged«wili not ; dwell in a house which does not belong to Him. No : the first thing.with any one ofus is to -answer- this question: — Dost "thou give thyself up to Christ, body, soul,- and spirit,.. : to live for Him and to die for Him? "Wilt thou give Him all that thou hast of talent and ability, and substance and time, and life itself ? where there is a church made up Gf. consecrated people, there God will remain, and there he will makq a heaven below, and- there the shout of a king shall be heard, and there His strength shall be revealed, and there His glory shall be seep. -even as it is beheld oh high. The Lord send us this, for Jesus', sake. Amen and amem- 