ON THE WARPATH. ? ? — -v— ? -BV TOMAUAVTK.) 'Obadiah.' — A friend of mine says 'the world is ruled by novelty and humbug.' Therefore, go thou and do likewise. Smother your manliness and be all things to all men B6— I am. ' JiPfiE* fS SEAttCli OF A — Tt1FE.''^COine to. me; fny aW ''by; and fOa pan have -iniiie. I'.th teb ihneh married, aurl I would like in hn relieved, if nnlv for a brief season, of my angelic much better half. — Coine Love. come. ?. ? j ' Scboggiks. — The art of answering depu tations is not to let them know what you do mean. This is why we are gifted with speech — to veil our thoughts. ??Somebody's Daelisg.' — My dear little charmer, I sial! take your advice and see if Sydney Harbour is more glorious and beau tiful than our only Lagoon. I have my doubts, but I'll compare the two sheets of classic water, and let you know some Sun- I day afternoon. Until I return, au revoir. ! 'Twas night, when all the little chickens t had eone to roost, and the little stars * twinkled through space and watched the . Thomas cats getting np impromptu Christy , Minstrel entertainments on the adjoining roofs. Darkness was on the face of the ' land, and all men should have been sleeping i the sleep of the just. The hour Was past ' midnight) when ghosts and gpblinis are sup- ; toosed to linger Oil garth, like the early bird after the earlier worm. . A bald-headed ' old buffer, with a small wife and fourteen ' angelic d^rabs, was snoring the happy boon away, and dreaming of that other girl he left in that country town he visited a little while ago. He, pnor deluded Bene dict, had just been walking the latest pair : ' of twins to deep, without being too particu imr *boat his *oflet, anii;in tiie midst of a visionary rapturous experience, he was awakened by his -wife laying hold of his ear and hauling him on to the floor, and whis pering that at least six burglars were a burgli--g. He woke up after some affec tionate tugs at his lugs, and prepared himself for the fight. ' His soul Was In arms and eager for the fray.' He got two pokers, two revolvers and a bitj carving knife, while his spouse laid hold cf the ripht end of a frying pan and a toasting fork. Suspicions sounds came from the fence, and thither the pair went, not too much troubled with clothes. As they ap proached, a certain church parsonage loomed up dark and sombre, and a ' hist and whist ' came from the fence, while our two peaceful friends were shaking and quaking, not with fear, mind yon, but with anxiety to reach the burglars (?) The male of the pair looked over the fence, and saw the huge bulky form of a man in shining head gear, and lie thought discretion tbe better part of valour, so he wanted to run away and come aud fight auother day The human mass at length rose from the ground, and as the head came level with the fence the frying pan let out. and dotrn went the head and all under it, like a load of bricks being delivered all of a heap. A deep bass voice roared out and said 'Drop your fun now. I'm a policeman, doomed for a certain period of time to walk the night, and fix my gaze on the Local Option cart in the next yard. I've waited by the light of the stars and moon for evildoers, and they come not, and as it's a smoke I would like, let me have a match.' The match was given, and our two burglar-smashers went back to bed, sadder bat wiser people, after their midnight roving, in 'cutty sirks,' by the light of the moon's serenest rays. A dame of uncertain age, and much the worse for wear, took into her feminine head to take her walks abroad, an J of all places in the world found her way to the Port of the ancient city of the saudites. which contains ' our beautiful harbour,' (lately designated our Lagoon, by the ' Sugar Ex plorer ''). Here she was nnier the impres sion that all the pubs, had gone buntr, and the landlords become members of the 'Army.' The poor old soul was athirst, aud laboured under the peculiar idea that a ' long sleever ' would do her good, and as she strolled down the principal sidewalk she espied a rather tall building ou tbe opposite bice, and taw people, males and females, going in and coining ont tvl lib. She also observed our only Baron de Feet putting his No. 19 sole* down on the doorstep, and when she had lifted up her eyes and saw all this, she commenced to sing a little ditty, beginning with — ' But what must it be to be there,' and in she walked. The Chief Boss was sitting in the bar parlour (?) as she thought, in all the dignity and conscious rectitude of his high and mighty office, totally oblivions of being disturbed in his mathematical calculations about how to make twice four into nine or any lesser numlier. His sweet serenity was s'iduanly startled by this ' lovely maid ' asking for a 'pewter-full of booze.' Our friend of the figures was not a Greek scholar, so he sent for one of his young men, and he inter preted tbe language into 'a square pint of pure colonial.' The gone-astray female though the local Bank was the only pub. left on hand, ami she got on the wrong back. A gentleman in blue was called in to have an interview, and the ancient one went out with him along the Tarpatb, arm in-arm, where she found a lodging in M'Adam's hotel, safe for the night, and ' far from the madding crowd.' This de lightful little story has a moral, which is — not to take a Bank for a pub. or you might find yourself in the wrong box, thinking of your head iu the morning, verb tap. two tunes twice. 