MISCELLANEOUS. Adieu ! Ben Lomond, adieu ! Is Watervale going to rise and shine in gold? Visitors from Broken Hill to Glare all re mark, ' What a lovely place to live in.' Another comet has appeared 'a little east of south.' Two thousand people are repotted to have been killed in China by an earthquake. Standard silver in London on the 17th inet. was worth 3s 8d per oz. Six tons of stone from the Winninninie Prospecting Association's claims yielded 1 oz. 6 dwt. of gold to the ton. Recently at Rockhampton 20 inches of rain fell in 27 hours. The greater part of the town was under water. The vicar of St. Alphege, Greenwich, near London, has discovered in the register of that church the marriage of a man who had attained his 108th year. A Mrs. Gleeson while assisting to put out a bush fire at Yambuk, Victoria, was so severely burnt that she died soon after wards. Sir John Robertson says that ' Victoria is insolent, bombastic, unjust, and inconsis tent, and from her vanity incapable of see ing when she is treated generously.' A Chinaman suffering from small-pox was thrown overboard the other day at Port Darwin by some of his fellowcountry men. The sufferer turned up all right on shore. A cricket match was played recently be tween the Trurp and Tanunda clubs. Truro kept possession of the wickets all the after noon and made 507 runs, out of which W. Bennett contributed 216. The intercolonial cricket match ended most disastrously for Victoria on Monday last, South Australia winning by an innings and 113 runs. Geo. Giffen was the best all round man in the match. The great Liberal-Unionist demonstra tion held in Glasgow in favor of the union of the Empire last month was a grand suc cess, asd it has no doubt materially strengthened the hands of the Government. By a majority of 11 to three the English Country Cricket Council has resolved that a batsman is out if any part of his person is in a straight line with his wicket and thus stops a ball which otherwise would hit his wicket. The Ipswich (Q.) Council has notified the Chinese gardeners in the municipality that water will only be supplied to them by meter at the rate of 4s per 1,000 gals. ; the meters to be furnished by Chinamen. Failing com pliance with this notice, the water 1b to be cut off forthwith. According to Dr. Gerard (Archives) the inconveniences resulting from bites by mosquitoes and gnats, especially when recent, may be relieved by rubbing the bitten spot with chloroform. The swelling quickly de creases ; and the pain and itching disappear. The manager of the Teetulpa Mining and Crushing Company reports that during the week a quantity of tailing and hopperings left by the alluvial diggers after cradling have been put through. TheBe have yielded sufficient gold to make it worth while to try a few hundred tons. 'The Idler' in London Sporting Life drifts into poetry over the ardor of tbe votaries of football, as follows: — 'The dribble and the pass, and the scrimmage on the grass— it's oh, to be a football crack ! Sing ring-a-ding-a- ding, with your eye in a sling, and half a jersey hanging on your back. The Mayor and Corporation of Canter bury have just been presented with a relic of great value. This is nothing less than the ' ducking stool' on which the scolds of the cathedral city used to be soused so re lentlessly in the waters of the Stour. It has been deposited with great care in the local museum. It may not be generally known that the late Charles Dickens was a bicycle rider. Bicycling News has been publishing tbe famous novelist's experience. He said that, being troubled with a sluggish liver, he, by his doctor's advice, took to horse riding, but after a time discarded that and took to bicycle riding. He received vast benefit therefrom* \ r-* 5 r*- ' '- ? ft t A Sydney paper reports : — On Sunday last a single man, 23 years of age, named Thomas O'Connor, went with his father to Ben Buckley's Point, about one mile and a half south of the South Head Lighthouse, to fieh. The deceased was lowering himself down the rocks with a rope, and had got about 150 feet down, when the rope parted and he fell among the rocks at the bottom. He was terribly crushed and mutilated, and of course quite dead. One of the oldest industries in Egypt ia artificial egg-hatching, principally engaged in by Copts. There are fiaid to be 700 es tablishments of this nature in the country, and the production of chickens from the ovens is estimated at from 10,000,000 to 12,000,000 annually. The season for in cubating lasts through three months of the early Bummer. The country people bring eggs to the proprietors of the ' farroongs,' and give two good eggs for every newly hatched chick. For some weeks an unusually large quan * tity of potatoes has been exported from Irish ports for America (eays a London contem porary of January 4). At present the pota toes are being rapidly bought up in the north of Ireland for that purpose. From Belfast potatoes are being extensively for warded to various ports for shipment. For the past few weeks the State Line steamers from Glasgow have taken on board very large quantities. The export trade in pota toes is likely to continue for some time. Sarawak is a striking instance of the go verning genius which has made the English an imperial race. It is a territory nearly as large as Ireland, carved out of the Island of Borneo, full of wild Malays, savage Dyaks, and Chinese, reckless of human life. Yet in Sarawak a single Englishman, aided by half a dozen youths and a screw steamer, has created a civilised State, suppressed piracy, abolished head hunting, is abolishing elavery,has established law courts, developed trade, created revenue, and, in short, impro vised a British province all off his own bat. A novel prosecution (says a Victorian paper) took place at Geelong recently. At ? the local police court a resident of Ghil well, named John Sullivan, was fined £1 and £2 8s 6d costs, at the instance of the local board of health, for having permitted one of his children to be taken into a public place when the juvenile was suffering from measles. It may be news to people to learn that they are not only punishable for per mitting their children when suffering from contagious diseases to be in public places, but by a railway by-law it is an offence to take them into a railway carriage. The Broken Hill lock-up is not a haven of rest, judging from the following para graph taken from the Register : — The local lock-up is disgraceful. Nine men and three women are now confined in it. Some of the prisoners begged to be put in irons and to be allowed to sleep in the open air, and the women asked to be put into the wash house. The Justices of the Peace now in the town declare that their having to dis charge prisoners or to pass the lowest sen tence interferes with justice. It is no use for the police to arrest, as there is so cell room. Experts say that curtains and fine laces can be made of malleable iron or steeL At the Centennial Exhibition a piece of steel rolled by a mill in Pittsburg was so thin that it weighed less than a book leaf, and could be blown off the hand easier than paper the same size. The sheets for steel lace will be rolled down to a low gauge and the patterns pressed into them. The lace can be made light or heavy, and is suit able fox ladies' and children's underwear, and perhaps for trimming hats, wraps, and dresses. Great progress is being made in Algeria with the wine-growing industry. In 1878 there were only 3,750 acres under cul tivation for vines. At present there are no less than 210,000 acres, yielding upwards of 31,000,000 gallons of wine. In quality this is said to resemble that of excellent Macon, with a dash of the flavor of wines grown on the banks of the Rhine. At the same time the varieties are as numerous as they are in France, the general classification being what is known in the Bordelais as bourgeois. The products of a large vineyard established by Cardinal Laingerie at Kouba serve to provide an annual dowry for 200 y oung girls ; while those of another vineyard suffice for the maintenance of eome Christian missions in the heart of Africa. There is no new thing under the sun ! Some 12 years ago I remember writing in these columns (says 'Atticus,' in the Leader) of a very stout lady who got into an omnibus where all the seats were filled, and who, in reply to another lady's expres sion of regret ' that she had nothing to sit upon,' snappishly retorted, 'Plenty, ma'am, but nowhere to put it !' I see this story repeated in the autobiography of 13ir Henry Taylor. Speaking of the creation of Justice Best to a life peerage, which he was pre vented from holding, Sir Francis Doyle said that Lord Wensleydale reminded him of the fat old woman ' who had plenty to sit upon but nowhere to put it.' I should like to know whether Sir Henry Doyle's old wo man and mine were one and the same. A leading jeweller in Philadelphia says he has become a hopeless cynic, after 13 years' experience in his business. It has, he saye, been for some time a* favorite fad with young men in society when one be comes engaged to present his fiance's with a jewelled bracelet, which the jeweller rivets on the wrist so that it cannot be slipped off. This is supposed to be a token of the eternal bondage of the wearer to the donor, and a perpetual reminder of fidelity. But in a day or two the lady receives a note from the jeweller, requesting her to call. When she does so, she is shown a secret spring, whereby she can put aside the bond at will. ' And I have observed,' added the jeweller, ' that although the fair lady protests against making use of the spring, she is de lighted to find the secret of it.' A amusing agreement (says the Adelaide correspondent of the Kapuoda journal) has just been entered into by a working miner in a southern district. Fired with stories of Broken Hill wealth, and anxious to dis cover a greater Broken Hill of the south, he thought he detected in a I ically- well- known capitalist's land the signs of a rich deposit of ore. He asked the capitalist's permission to dig for it, and offered to do the work on condition that he received one fifth of the gross proceeds. 'I'll think about it,' said the capitalist, ' aud I'll see my wife.' Next day he saw the miner again, and said, 'Wei!, I've talked over your offer, and aiy wife and myself both think that one-fifth is too much to give you ; but make it one-fourth and you can work away.' The miner, of course, accepted and hurried his landlord off to a lawyer to pat the compact into h!ac!c and white, and so it was drawn up and signed, scaled, and de livered. That is mi net on.! fact. A writer in the Melbourne Leader says : — ' Several gentlemen have been giving their experiences of transactions with share brokers, and one cannot walk along Collins street without hearing 20 stories of trickery and scheming for every one that has been reported. I should be sorry to think that in addition to their legitimate commission the brokers also levy illegitimate blackmail on every transaction that passes through their their hands. But unless report belies them some do. The most ordinary form of swindle is that where a parcel of shares is given to be sold at a certain figure and where the broker gets a higher amount and pockets the difference. But there are other ways in which that great gooee, the public, may be plucked, and the broker is aware of every style. It has been suggested as a remedy that the brokers should be sworn. No one would probably appreciate the humor of swearing brokers to act honestly — while giving them opportunities of acting dis honestly — than the brokers themselves. I think this slight flavor of perjury would simply enhance the pleasure of the swindle ! The Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says : — M. Wilfrid de Fonvielle has received particulars from Mr. Mac donald, the master of the steamship Prince Leopold, respecting the fate of the Paris aeronauts, MM. L'Hoste and Mangot, who were lately lost in the Atlantic. On No vember 13 last, the Arago balloon, in which were the two men, waB seen from Cape Antifer, and from the deck of the steamer commanded by Mr. Macdonald. The aeronauts were making westward, and were evidently trying to get into the upper cur rents of air, ae they had lost the wind which had accompanied them on their departure from France. Later in the day they de scended, either because they lacked ballast, or because they deemed it safe to get into the wake of the steamer. About 4 o'clock they touched the waves, and Mr. Macdonald at once changed the course of his ship, and made preparations to launch a boat in order to rescue them. The weather at the time was, however, too rough. A tempestuous gale was blowing, the rain was falling in torrents, and the waves were very high. The aeronauts seemed to dazed by the ele mental war which was raging around them, and had no longer the mastery of their balloon, which made frequent bounds in the air, and then fell helplessly on the water. Suddenly a terrific gust from the north east struck the car and capsized it. The Prince Leopold was steered to the spot, bat before even a rope could be thrown out the ill-fated Frenchmen were engulfed in the warring waters. The Prince Leopold had to steam away from the spot as quickly as possibly, as the night was falling fast, and the place was dangerous. It was about 39 miles south- west of the Isle of Wight. The farmer of to-day is indebted to the mechanical engineer for more things than traction engines and threshers, harvesting machines and steam ploughs (says a London journal). For the nine months ending September last the traffic receipts of the railway which runs into the nitrate district of Tarapaca showed an increase of £175,000 over the corresponding period of last year. The exports of nitrate of soda from the West Coast of South America are now at the rate of 580,000 tons per annum, instead of 350,000 tons as in 1886. The cause of this remarkable increase has been the adoption of improved machinery which has resulted in the abandonment of the old scale of monopoly charges, and has given agriculturists an opportunity of becoming practically acquainted with nitrate of soda as a cheap fertiliser. It has long been known that a comparatively email quantity is capable of adding materially to the grain crop per acre on many soils. But the high price neutralised this gain, and nitrate long remained out of the reach of the ordinary fanner. Now that improvements in ma chinery have made it possible to profitably produce the article at a much lower price than formerly, the European cultivator is able to utilise its fertilising properties. The deliveries of nitrate of soda for the first half of 1887 were the largest on record, except only those in 1884, which amounted to 470,000 tons ; and yet the visible stocks in Europe are now much reduced. This is really a striking illustration of the important influence which machinery exerts upon the prosperity of the world's industries. The introduction of improved mechanism into chemical manufacture in South America provides the European agriculturist with a valuable fertiliser at a price which could not before be quoted. In Asia Minor the neglect of modern languages on the part of the British com mercial houses has hitherto told largely in favor of the German, as it has allowed him unopposed to ramble over an immense field of 508,0 CO square miles of Ottoman terri tory, and to sell his goods and products un challenged by an inconvenient foreign rival to more than 16,000,000 of people. Unlike many of the commercial firms of England and Scotland, who are usually content simply to deal with similar extensive con cerns in Smyrna and Constantinople, the German house pushes its travellers with a polyglot assortment of samples into every nook and corner of the Turkish Empire, where the buyers are talked to in their own dialect, are shown specimens, acd have all little difficulties explained. The result is that mutual confidence is established, because the traveller, noting what is required, sup plies on the next occasion of hie visit the article demanded improved or modified to suit the whim or taste of the buyer, and thus deservedly carries away many orders. There is a degree of elasticity about the. dealings of the German commercial tra veller which, added to his mastery of the various dialects, wins a hearing for him among the little village shopkeepers or dealers wherever he goes. His shapes, de signs, fabrics, or colors may be infinitely superior to those to which his clients may have been accustomed, but the traveller does not dogmatically assert their excellence over the native article shown, as some com mercial men from Britain and America are apt to do. The German humors the country buyer in every possible way, and is prepared to furnish the facsimiles of all articles exhibited, no matter how clumsy or uncouth-looking to his educated eye they may seem. A writer in the Mount Barker Courier says : — ' The Smith's ambition has still to be satiated. He has not yet sounded all the depths and shoals of honor. It is true he has a knighthood, but as he told the licensed victuallers the other day, that was not a bauble he hankered after. His latest scheme la one foe getting his august name before the notice of the heir-apparent. Lord Carnarvon, and all to whom he shows the wonderful myall stick, must be made conscious of the existence of ' Sir E. T. Smith, K.C.M.G., M.P., J.P., Mayor of Adelaide,' but the Prince of Wales yet re mains in shocking ignorance on this subject. The 25th auuiversary of the marriage of the august personage forms a glorious oppor tunity for spreading the mayoral fame, and it is seized with avidity. A Broken Hill silver beer-barrel, with hoops of Teetulpa gold, spigot of Burra copper, rivets headed with McDonnell rubies, and Australian tin tap garnished with Echunga diamonds, would be at once a useful and suggestive present. It should be filled with Kent Town ale, and on the inscription plate might be written — ' Presented to tale Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, KG., on the occasion of his silver wedding, by a South Australian syndicate ; President, Sir E. T. Smith, K.C.M.G., M.P., J.P., maker of the Kent Town sparkling beer, price 2d a glasB before the counter or 3d in the parlor. Orders respectfully invited from the nobility and gentry/ In Pickwick papers it is re lated that— when Mr. Weller, sen., rang the bell for a drink after the famous valen tine episode with eon Sammy — the barmaid appeared so quickly that her previous sta tion at the keyhole was suggested. In the history of South Australia it will be written — it has already been set down at length in the newspapers — that the telegram offering Mr. Smith his knighthood was re ceived by the Governor at 10 o'clock, and that by half-past he had seen the thrice happy recipient and wired acceptance of the bauble. This, too, is suggestive of presence in the entrance lobby, and yet Sir E. T. is able to lay bis hand on his heart and affirm that he did not seek the knighthood.' A Sydney paper tells the following story : — The emu is an uncertain bird which sits down awful hard on the bread-baBket of the human race when its dander is ele vated and its wild. Australian monkey is up, and a man who now resides in bed at Silver ton (N.S.W.) is prepared to swear to this fact before a duly-qualified commissioner for taking affidavits in the colony. He was out on the plains with another man, who is also prepared to , swear to it, and they caught eight of a tall hen bird meditating along with a lanky young one kicking up a dust in the rear. Some demon of incarnate foolishness fixed upon the man who is now in bed, and after a long stern chase he arrested the young bird by the tail. He probably thought at the moment that he had done a smart; thing, but he suddenly became aware that the baleful eye of the elderly fowl was fixed upon him, and after one glance into that glowing orb he took his prize by the legB and lighted out for sweet freedom beyond. The next thing be was aware of was a demoniac welt on the skull, and it seemed as if a steam hammer was following him in close pursuit. He let go the chicken, which fled screaming, and then the old bird kicked him up in the air, and as he came down it kicked him up again. A wild rough-and-tumble followed. Sometimes the man was on top, but generally he wasn't, and when he wasn't on top the emu was. They dodged round and round each other and screamed. When the man thought he was close enough to let out with his left the emu kicked up a dust and blinded him, and then, before be knew where he was or where he hoped to be if he could only get away, the bird got one of its legs round his neck and waB laying on to him with its tail. Once or twice the man got in a blow on the jaw which made his opponent wink, but the inetant he stepped back to avoid the return he fell over the chicken, which came and sat down behind him every time, and then a wild-looking thing like a feather-duster gone mad would rush on him in a whirl of legs and wings and take a mouthful of his hair. By the end of the third round the man hadn't any clothes on, and, in the course of two rounds more, the bird went away with his boots. Finally, it left him sitting on a thorny shrub, and stalked away, and he was too sick to follow. He got home at a slow pace, and he testifies that the emu is not a desirable addition to a quiet family. It has too little regard for the human feelings, and is given to unjustifiable violence over matters which should properly be settled by arbitration. Also, the rapidity with which it does things is painful, and even aggravating. Stick to this motto, and never forget it : Advertise well — it will pull you safe through. Advertise well ; do not think what 'twill cost you ; Publishers' bills are but friends in die guise. How do you know what your caution has lost you P Would you be wealthy you must advertise! Advertise well! though business be waning ; ThoBe whospend freest must win in the end. Up andbe doing! Noneed forcomplaining; Act for yourself, and be your own friend. Advertise well ! All lanes have a turning, Nothing pays better than paper and ink. Thousands who daily this motto are spurn ing Find that it brings them to bankruptcy's brink. Ada : ' Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire, and the other pale as a ghost.' Ella ! ' Yes. Harry was on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other.' 'Ah, dearest,' sighed a young man, kneeling at the feet of his ownest own, 'do you know what of all things is nearest my heart ?' ' Really I cannot fiay,' she sweetly replied, ' but in this cold weather I should think it was a flannel vest.' She was too practical, and it broke the engage ment. Parent : ' Who is the laziest boy in your class, Johnny?' Johnny: 'I dunno.' Parent : ' I should think you would know. When all the others are industriously writing or studying the lessons, who is he who sits idly in bis eeat and watches the rest instead of working himself ?' Johnny : ' The teacher.' A minister preached a very eloquent sermon on the hard times, and dwelt with much earnestness on the duty of retrench ment and economy. His powerful discourse had a swift aud unexpected effect. Im mediately after service the congregation held a church meeting and reduced the minister's salary from £400 to £300. ' This year,' said thp smart boy, ' will run us pretty close for figure eights — 1888 — won't it ?' *' Well, yes,' said the tramp ing printer, who had been at work for a day or two — ' yes, it will run close on eightB ; but it won't be as bad near as the year 8888.' 'Eight thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight I1' exclaimed the boss ; ' why, man alive, do you suppose this type will last till then P' ' Oh, I don't know,' said the old fellow, and a faint suspicion of a twinkle illuminated the north-west corner of his near eye ; ' I don't know,' he slowly repeated, as he carefully examined the type, ' it's not more than half worn out now, is it ?' And there was an icy calm all about the office as the boss counted out the amount of the old rascal's bill, and told him that he ' needn't wait to correct that last proof.' 'Pa, are you going to haveany girlvanized iron on onr new house ?' ' Any w-h-a-t?' 'Any girlvauized iron!' 'Galvanized, you mean, don't you ?' ' Yes, pa ; but teacher says we inusu't eay gal ; it's girl.' 