SUNDAY READINGa sermon BY THE REV. J. WATSFORD. Ill oonxkeotiion with the Centenary Mission. special sermon was delivered by tbe Rot. J Watsford at the Collins- street Independent Church on 26th nlt.f to a large eongre&atuiu; Theys,; .Dr. Bevan, E, Day, E. H.Enigdeh. M« At ADu 66 vuiftl ,0«D6t ; QllQlS«6r4 "6lOPfflP - to the different denominations took part in the eorrice., - . The Rsv, J, Wasbfobd took his test from Iaiab xHv,, 1-5 — " Yet now bear, <) Jacsb, my servant, and Israel whom," etc. A MABVRhLOUB GROWTH He Baid:— Tlra is ear oentenary day. We are now oelebrating our cantenuial birthday, for Australia is to-day 100 years bid. A short national lifsi it iB true, but a very m r- . vellous one. When the extent of c ur growth Is considered in coanaoiion with tie rapidtiy of our development, it il almost unparalleled. Among those en gaged in forming the little settlement in <w booth Wales in 1788, no one oitrely ever dreamt that in 1888 there would De anything like what we now behold— that on the small foundation- stone then laid so noble a struc ture would be raised in eo short a time ; iht the liny seed then- planted would so mindly g eld so ricbsnd plentiful a harvest. When W8 ttiiok of our cities, large and beautiful ; of out pvpalation numbered now by millions, audevsr increasing; of our wide- spread and proiperous oommsree ; of our vast and v»la- able resources. When we tbiuk of our net work of milroads joining town to town, and anitinajaeensland in the north with N w South Wales and Victoria in tbe south, and Bpbtb Australia in tbe west ; of our tele- awknhifi llncife sail ovaf fka ttinbrv nnri n.vn |py wiv ««<> v hiivi vU oeoting as with New Zealand and Tasmania, gad the old and new worldB4 of the large aad swift and magnificent steam fleets that ply along our cossts, and between our shores and THoe of distant lands, briogirg ua eo near to England and America. Wheuu we think of our noWe institutions— literary, charitable, and religion— oh our sohoole, our eolteg s, oar uaiversities, our hospitals, our asylutns, and our ohurohes, and rememoer that all this i< the growth and work of 100 years, we nay rej doe over the past, and take oaurage lor thoiutuze. - . THE CELEBRATIONS. This oentennial year there will ba j >y and rejoicing all over our land, because of tba-e things. There will be addresses and c <nra u Istiooe ; there will be proaeasions and ilia miaariuos ; there will be large and . eniha si stio gatberinge, with musioaud wi h eon?, and with eloquent orations ; and there will be - our great Centennial Exhibitiou, with its, products and visitors from ftlmosv every land. But in all this joy and re- joioing we fear that on the, -cart, of m tiv there will be no recognition of thi L rd out God, no song of praise to Him from whom ell blessings flow. We shall bear of the wisdom of our rulers and our legisla'ofe, of the shrewdness and skill of our fiuanoierr, of the taot and push, and perseverance, of our merchants and our tradesman, and there c m b> so objection to this' if there ha no uuBecm'y bessting and tlorifyiog of ourselves. vBat-we fSir tbe many will say in their hesr-s, ' Out power and the might of our own hand h lib gotten us this wealth, and enabled as to do all this work, and the Lard our Go1Jywbo gi veth us power to get wealth, and from Whom all good proceeds, will be by them altogether forgotten. THE FR00R8SS OF RELIGION. But it must not ba so with God's people. In all things we must recognise and acknowledge Him; and we think that all that is referred to ia our text is .. intimately connected in every way with our doing this. We should be thankful for the past, ana there is so muoh to be grateful for — " The little one b is beoome a thousand, and tbe small one a great nation." We bavs had alarge sh%re of material prosperity. We have- civil and re ligioue liberty equal, if not superior, to that in any land; and in our church work, although little h»B been done obmpsred wi'h what might have beefl done,, yet we have b id a g iod measure of true suocess ; and- in &IL; tfcia sre recognise the hand of our God, and would praise Him "f t His geodoess and for His wondsrfni works to toe children of men. ' Our song tonight is "The Lord bath done great things for us whereof we are glad," But in all our thanksgiving to God. in order that it uisy he acceptable and well-pleasing- in His sight, there must be a fuller eonssoration, a giving up of all we have nd are to Him, and that is ever aseoci-. with the blesstng promised, in the next— the more -abundant butp&irisg; l & the Holy Spirit. We sometgpiileifi and truly ring, "The sole love requires is that we ask for more," and no offering of praise would, we think, be more acceptable to onr God than if. with hearts onfeignedly tbauklnl, we weritto His feet to-night, presenting ourselves alivicg eacrifice to Him and cry, " Pjur water upon the thirsty and floods upon the dry ground." BULL GREATER FAITH NEEDED. There is much in the past to monrn over, to humble us before God. Standing here at tbe close of tbe century and reviewing toe past, we eee bow little, after all, has been done for onr Lord and Master, bow greatly in many things we have failed, how little influence we have had, and now ; baye, over -the evils around, and how few sinners have been converted to God. And. we must trees all this .to its tree causa— tbe want of power from on high. When we have believed in tbe Holy Ghost, and bave looked fc Him, end trusted Him, Ha has come mightily ipon as, and we bve ;b&d; suooess : when we have lost sight of Him, and have gone to our work witberat trusting in e&nhffNflr; or powers of onr oirn, flhen we have mgiuttly failed, and no wonder that weliave. If toaay we are mourning:over ctddtmss mnd leanness, ov3Br weakneis and detepmid imcm it the seoret of it all is here— the want of tbe foil 0f the HolFSpttltfrSlerSd to in our a-- - . Tb&t; the proBperity ot oar ljoa m . ft future will, - to a giOTt «xtent, depend upon oir reaooroee, tbe wieom of thfle who guide our affaire,:, and the Anff per- severance of the people, no pne will attempf to.deny Tlmt, sntMl wijl oerlten .depend,- more than - eh anything else, on the ThSapncetoii tbe inrich, br reliip, or onr holy Ghristianity, will bave on toe wmIb and lives of the people. ?THB DBBJBOH ,ASiT> The chnmhto tofsSSui Js no connec tion with the Btate. needdhb tAte.patrocage, ao8tate Kdppoyt, and #lli>8pi#Btate ference in toe management pf ber affair: but the church should ever PgJJJ'Sfc; influence for good over the . 8tate_AUd about it, its Parliament and ih Pw0f politics and its Commerce, its end ira Ifgtelatore, end its people gtnerally. And 8 churcbj ® baptised with the Holy. Spirit, j to®. Where the church is ooxruDt, J or cold and dead, there will be no influence for 1 good, Where the ministry is a mere profes sion, and place and pay are the great things ; 1 wbere preachers ebun to declare the whole counsel of G id, or dpcUre if in a way so oold and formal toat it falls powerless on all who near ; where there is no yearning pity for toe souls of inen. aod DO earuest effort to. rescue the periBhiue— there iniquity will abound,, asd vice will flourish ; there unbelief will grow, hd evils, gather that will bring a wi bering blight on tbe prosperity of- any country, and enrely sap tbe foundations of all true national 8r.e®®88 But let the church be baptised - th the Spirit ; let oar holy CSbrieiiamty, in all its pureneeB and with all its power, ba brought, to bear upon the natioD, and alt will feel it. It. 'will restrain from eil, and impel to that whioh is . true, ana good, and nob'e. It will promote peace, and spread happiness among all classes of the people ; it will give a healthy tone and complexion to everything, and will secure to us th« blessing of -our- God that maketh rich. He will prosper our . handiwork; THERE MUST, BE A LIVING CHURCH. My brethren, there ia no hops for any land,r for our land, without a living churoh — a oburch baptised with the Holy Ghost. Ua- beiievtug statesmen Vho would put G out of His own world, and -rule ' without Him, may deny this.' A gcdksa Press that sneers at religion, and would treat the church with contempt, may, ridicule to is ; the secularist and the infidel may l&nt;>h at this ; but all history proves it trne, and the tate o( the natioosof the earth to day proves it true. The nations that : have not served God have not had tree religion,- have perisbad and Passed awav altogether, or are fnnnii to- day in a low, miserable condition, or, wrecked and rained, still exist, only to warn as of tbe d&ngei; of forgetting God. The Jewish people, rebellious and unfaithful, are outcast from God, and scattered wide through every nation under Heaven. The glory of Greeoa and Rome has long since passed away.: No man in his aensds will say that Russia, or France or Italy is a truly prosperous country. The two great nations, the British Empire and toe United States, have more real prosperity than is found anywhere else under the sun, and they owe it all to the fact that, notwithstanding the many evils in them, they have a purer Christianity than any other nation in toe world. And all this is according to tbe teaching of the grand old Book that never errs, for it declares that " righteousness exalteth a nation," and " bloesed i the people . whoBe Go f is the Lord.'' Huw vast then is tb>> importance of the bleseed promise found in our t x!, and how precious' should it ba to every one of o« ! WHAT 13 THE PROMISE? Th'S promif-e is for us. In aU thece chapters oonnected with the tefxt the Lord, by tbe mouth of tbe propbec, speaks oi Gospel days, the days in which we live, and in these days .fie says, " I will pour water, etc." Of a similar promise Peter said, " The promise is unto you and your children, -nd to all that are afar off, eveu to as many as tbe Lord yo&r; God shall call." But what is included in tbi promise? What dbto/ft aan Tbe: figure used is one often einpfoved when the work of tbe Spirit is -referred to. " He shall comedown like rain on the mown grass I will be as the dew upon Israeli "There shall be sbowdfs ofbiessiug." And one line in the text explains tbe other. In one we read, "I will, pour water and in the other; "I will pour bned my spirit." We have here then to& promise of the outpouring of the Hoiy Snet -RutteU tbe terms used signify fulness. abitoduic«. " I will peer.'' " I will pope fl jeds." It is therefore a promise of the abundant c«tporii3g of thefipirit ; and the promise iof -Jbe abubdaot outpouring of the Spiritfl) on Goi's people thirsting for it ; (2) on thd children of God's people ; (3) on toe church and tbe world. li The abundant outpoming of the Holy Spirithn God's people thirsting for it. THE MEANS OF SALVATION. iWfcfertver there is a true penitent, there is the wofrk cf ibe Holy Spirit No human (.oWer thcmld vever uocomplish. thaft : When that ptoitent sinner cornea to God tbrough ChriBt, trusting in His atoning Wbrk aloha, for saltoljdn.God for :Cbrist's sake pudf hs ali his siitB;and toe Spirit bears Witness with his spirit that be is now a child of God, adopted, fo?ven??hud. the wit nessing Spirit FeneN%hi|gnn»ihe love of God is shed abroad m to e5rt"i by t!ie Holy Spirit given unto tow, ahd'he iB born -again. He is now brought unler the influence and guidance of tbe btotsedSpirit, and so long aa he is faithful and oontiiiaea to toleave to Christ the Holy Spirit i drkh bim, .enlighten, ing, comforting, guidiog; and oaxryibg on tbe great work of eanotiflcation. A HIG HER INSPIRATION. Now thafcto the -ordinary experience of believers everywhere. Bat you know from God s Word that there is Bometbiog'higber ana more blessed still for those who would be wholly toe Lord's. Take any. one of the epistles of Paul, and you will ffnd that, while it was written to believers, to men already con verted to God, it exhorts 'them, urges them to seek for more, to seek to bs sanctified whclly to " be filled with the Spirit/' to be filled with all tbe fulness of God. And you know that God's Word tellB of a baptism of the Holy Ghost that will endow the worker for Jesus with power— with power for service, power to impress the troth Upon others, power, to be a successful witness for Ohrist — and all this is in cluded in the promise oontained in the text. Tn tbe seventh chapter of St. John we read, "On tbe last, the great day of toe feast, Jesns stood aud cried, saying, 'If any mmi tbirst Jet feim come unto file and drink;, He ihat jehwtib on Me, as the Sciiptura toattrteaid, tent of his belly shall flow rivers of living wate s." But this spake he of. toe Spirit which they chat believed on Him were to reoeive, for the - Spirit was net yeit given, booauee Jesus, was not yet glorified. Now, thera <fcan he no donbt that tbe firet disoiples had a measure of too Spirit while Christ wee with toam- After bis resurrecMon he . breathed cu them add said, " Rvceive ye tbe Holy Ghost," and yet hs toarged them to " tarry at Jerusalem rill endued wi thrower from on high ; "and said he. uYo shall receivqpower when the Holy Ghost is coe upon you. Oo the jDay of Pente cost t heHol£ Ghost bame Uon them sijtever hefore.anCtbev weredadUed withpoweftotbat to the hBau labours ; we' need <?> i toe oromise is uutb ns. In all ages of tbe nhiistfetf Cbdicb Uhere have been mea c?n-- dued with this power. I might tell you of each men in ail tbe churches. Let me just refer to two. " 2 ' the -expeeiences of divines. Tbe Rev O. Finney tells ub how he received this baptism of tbe Holy Spirit, and how, to me hie own words, "it went ttaongb «d through me." Under his first sermon after this many were saved. In hie viewing and | speaking to people many were deepljMnqyed,. and 'many converted to God, He BSJiflOilMl the poster, and his mluistty was fruit!e?8>He humbled himeblf befor - G|d, and prayedAha: it might be restored to htin ; and bis tfayhr was answered, and he went on preaching for years with the most glorions results. Mr. Moody tells us that some Gbriaf ian ladies were ever praying for' toimi that be migbt receive toe epeoial anointing for service. He sent for them- to 'talk With him, and they prayed together that be might reoeive the baptism of to Spirit. Tbep, be .Bays; & great hunger forth e bleBSing cameintotowsou), and be felt be did no.t c»te to live unlets he had this power for Service. One day, in New York, tbe blessing came. He says it is inde scribable. Yon know tbe results; THE BAPTISM OF THE H@LY SPIRIT. My Brethren, r-This is what Christiam need in onr day. Tbe writer of the "Tongue of Fire" says s— " We meet with ordinary Christians everywhere, but where are toe men rnu 01 raitn and the Holy Ghost. Do .not jmany tbiuk. that in this age of education and intelligence we mat be satisfied with a holiness less startling, and. on a lower level ; and have' not. many made up, their minds that we hall nevermore see such men as our fathers were — men, in answer to whosA prayer the mighty power of 'God came down upon them selves, and upon ad around them. -Nevermore see such men ! . The Lord forbid it ! Return, O Power of the Pentecost, return unto Thy people ; shed down Thy flams on my bead- to us, aa to our fatherSf and to tboee in tbe old time before tbem, give the fullness of grace ! Without Thee we are nothing j but endued with power from on high, the excellency will be seen to be of Thee, <) - God, and not of ua." My brethren, we neel this — tbe most gifted a well as the most poorly furnished— humanly spaaking— for the Master's work. It isjust what we neel. It will make the weakest as David, and David as the. angel of, the Lord. We may have it. ' Here is God's own -"promise that cannot fail, that never has failed, tba' never will fail. Go and plead it at the Throne of Grace. Every moment there 'will bring it nearer, and when it comes you will go forth as flames c>f fire to set the church in a blaze, and the hand of tbe Lord will be with you, and many will believe and turn onto the Lord. My brethren, shall we not resolve each one of us thiB eotennial year tbat we. will never rest till we receive this more abundant baptism of the Holy Spirit? O, what a y ar will it be if we do ! THE WORK FOB CHRISTIAN PARENTS It is tbe work of aU Christian parents to seek and labour for the conversion of tbeii own children — a work this thy can delegate to no one else ; a work that cannot- possibly be eo well done, by others, by minister or teaohers, as by the pareuts tbemeelves if tb&y; are only right. And this ia . their first work. We would give but little for bis- zeal- who would ran to the ends of the e&ittb; to bbvb sinners there, and' leave wi'e and children at borne unsaved and uocarea for. No. No. We mueVbegin there. "Go home and tell thy friends how great things the Lord hath done for thee." And what encourage ment have Christian parents to engage in this work. Hear what God says, " I will be a God to tbee and tbiue. I will . save tby children. I will pour my Spirit upon tby seed, and my blessing upon thy offspring.' And how often ha this promise beep fulfilled ? Iu every re vival of religion that I have ever known, among the first, converted have been the children of Godly parents. And bow many toch have been saved ? Think of tbe glorified oces around the throne, and the children of prayiuf parents there. : Could I draw aside the veii that hideB tbem from Our view, and' show yon the great multitude that no man can number, and could we ask them— How many of you, ye sainted ones, owe yonr saivatiqn under God to the labonrs and prayers of pious parents, and did they reply, what a host would stand forth to bear tbeir testimony to the power of a fathers- counsels pud a mother's , prayers. Then, think of toe church on eartb and the children of godly parents there. I know it ia sometimes said that the children of vety holy Christians generally go astray— that if you show piety at borne, and endeavour to lead your children to- Christ wbile they are yet youcg, there will come a reaction some day, and they will ruo very far into sin. But hat is not true T know that in the best families there hive been prodigals I know that a holy father's grey hairs have been brought in sorrow to the grave by the' wickedness of an ungodly son or daughter ; but such cases are soon known and widely reported. I venture to say that tha son of a hundred infidels might go wrong to morrow aud you Would never bear a word abont who they were or what their fathers were; hut- let the son of sohae promi nent member of the church go astray and it will be published far and wide, and you will soon know What church his father belongs to. But if you cotteot aU tbe bad cases yon will find that tbey ate these exception and not the rale. Go into any ohurcb, and you will find that among its beet . members, among its best teachers, and among its beat miawters, are the children of pious parents; I appeal to the congregation in this churah this evening, and ask you who know anything of the power of religion, what do you owe to Christian parents ? A SOUTH BBA ISLAND INCIDENT. There was a scene -once in the South Sea Islands that will never be forgotten. ' A native minister was preaching to a large congregation on the power of the Gospel . of of Jbbus Christ to raise and save the vilest and the worst. He eaid, as the tears rolled down his black cheeks, " The Gospel came to our land and it found me eunk in sin» ana it lifted me np, and made ine a man, and made me a Christian, it . saved me mid who else has it saved?" This king, sitting near the preacher, started to his feet in a moment, crying, "It has eaved me.'1 And then another, and another, till there were scores standing in the church, and crying, " Glory to God, it saved me." Did you, dear friends, reply to my question, What do yon owe to pious parents? 'What a scene we should have in this chnrch to-night ! Goe would riBe . here, another there, and another there, and say — Glory to Goid, I had a good father.'' "Praise God; I had a praying mother." - " Under God, all I have, and all I am, I owe to godly parents." With this pribidus prmffiserifiheiD, -before ns, let each patent ' ask, Z .Ate children saved? And if tbsy are not, why are tbey not? 1s it because we axe un yayed .ourselves ? T>t8 RtoBeMmptefesetng to fare toot?tiir -cSBfettt,' and sobaveset oux.ohiidrenigaiUst rtfligion ? u-itbecause we do.not feel obucfirned for their satvatibh? Is it because tee? Vto've" never pleaded God's promise in faith? Is it IteeaofiA toe promise for onraeTvee? UblnB each prere the question borne, tod be determined to find the etareot answer. Bat some of you ere ti)e Iiord'i—i ou are striving to serve Him with s. perfect: heart aud with a williug mind. God has giten you the Spirit, and be has hear<T your cry for your children, and has saved, some of them. But others are still unsaved-' without God, and without hops ; and tbi is tbe bur/fen of your lifer How yon bave prayed and wept, God only - kn ws, and yoo. are eometimos tempted to -think prayed and wept iu v«in, No, no my brotoer, my stater, y»u have not wApt. . you hay?? no:' prayed in rein — God has heard- your prefer, and He will answe/.r JO, qling to Chsprbteisa. and pray and plead' t'fl lhe Lord ebali saj to you, " Great isr thy' faith ; be it unto yon even as-'tbou -wilt," Iaoneof my roes' ing», where many were setouig God, a young man in deep distress cried onr,: "Oi, God, my dear motoer's prayr ra are answire : . at last. , an.d there, fqnrteen thousand mib v away away from Where she was prayihii to- him, God toved bet boy. Fatbits,, motherp ! let this be our cry this centennial year, " Oar eons apd danghter all for Jeans," 'and let the fervent, bslfevinsr prayer go np to be&van;, tAn« 'Wtw SVfiAM Mia HASll Mr- ri TllW a uui aw/ yj/i" « upwu vus QDVU) quu au/ blessing on onr offspring " THE CHUROH AND THE WbBLD. Wherever tbe Gosoel is fMthfoily preached there is the Holy Spirit to do His wo to ; there the power of the Lsrf Is present to bnsl, and if men -are not .Bved, it ia not hc-ais the Spirit, does not strive wi h them, ba" because they resist, tos Holy Ghost. Bat wbita t.b<?re is always power attocdibg the preachi g of ihs pure G >peh there is bo me limes greater power. All who know anything of the work of God k a? w - bis Sometimes the woik of toe Spirit is like tbe dew, sometimes like the genrie rain, showers, bet sometimes it. is like tbe flp d. iutn uircunjaTancea auu vurrcunoixigs when the gentle Bhowers would not meet the case ; the floods are needed, and the floods pome. The church is BometiiheB very much like tbe land of Israel when there -had b?.en neither dew nor rain for three years and six mon toe, and everything was parched, withere d, dying, Bat tbe promise of rain had been given, and Eli j to was on tbe mount praying for it, and soon the cloud, as little a bumar baud, api.ieartd and spread o'er the tbifriy land,- and there was a great rain. . The gentle rain was not- sufficient ; they needed abund ance of rain, and it was given, And eo it is often with tbe church. CONCLUSION, Ob, thaVtbe eArripfit and continued ofy may. go up' to Heaven .from every churoh and fr> m every heart. ' P-ur watrr np n the thirsty, aud .floods opA.n the dry gr and !" end do it this ctoter-nial year. And why not tbis >eat? I- G d not witling to bless? I- He n tfaitoful to His promise? Is Henot ready tosave? While we are cal»ng «rill He not answer? Why cot to day ? Why not now? We are here assembled together, m mb- r cf different churches, hut .with one longing desire, one prayer, and wvhohe accord . Why not now ? Why not now ? O, come, Groat Spirit come ; descend, and crowo us now with fire ! 