SFUUL tu. A WA& itkrUUoiv . , The followlig yar is told Ia the ' Daily Telegraph' to 'A Seafarer' by ' hisfriencd, the Second Mates :-'The hief mate wasne a cheerful little Welabman-Godl rant bin soul-one of the most intelligent seamen I was ever aeseciated with, with as tender a I heart as ever beat under a velvet waistcoat, I and eyes so bright that I'd sometimes think ( that the redness that tinged them was nothing but the ecorchirg of the skin by the Ile:hinr of his g-'e. We were very good t friends,both of a rather poetical turn of mind, no very great rarity ainongateeamen, though t the conformedly strained manliness of the sailor makes him feel sheepish even to be suspected of a romantic humour now and again. The skipper hovered about till 10. then went below. I joined the mate, and we fell to quietly pacing the deck, talking of anything but the weather and the heat, and the calm, beholg sick of the things. No, eir, our conversation went to ooneideratien of the sort of times we were to expect at. Calcutts, and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking seriously of looking out for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, where the month's wage sounded tall in the sbepe of ropoes, rwhen he interrupted noe by coming all on a sudden to a dead stand, whilst he cried in a t tragia voice tho was scarce more than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm es he poke: " My Gad, what is that?' His forefinger indicated a space of dusk that lay r like an ink-stain upon the night that was dark as the sea-line everywhere else was ; r and in, the heart of this peculiat murky blotch':I observed what looked to me to be two fine lines of flame close together, forking t out of the sea, and lengthenoing upwards as a one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor I whence they proceeded, though this last was t very elusive, and noticeable only when the eIght went a little to the right or left of it * Hush !' said I, after straining my hearing a moment, whilst the mate stood watching e stoeketill, as toough spellhbound. ' Do yo' rhear it?' The noise I meant, which, though e faint, was audible enough amid the pausee of the flapping cgnvas on high. Thiuk of a kettle boiling in a room next to the one you Sase seated in, and that will be the character of the noise I heard. AsI spoke there was a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and the wild glare threw I out the ponderous foldsof a great cloud hanging, like masses of smoke arrested and pressed down, above those strange and eser d growingluminonsstalks. 'A waterspout-two .f them, it looks like,' cried themate. 'H .a does it travel Why. by all that's precious, Sif its growth signifies its course, it's heading t direct for the baqoue.' Hinvehemebt ex a clamations startled the men who had stowed I themselves away about the decks for a nap e and you saw - flitting of dusky figures to e the rail, and caughs a note of alarm in the half-smothered growl of voices which came along. Saving, always, the owing of the swell, the barque lay as dead on the sea as a e lightship, not an inch of way on her; o that there-was nothlng possible to be done in the way of manacvring, * But f watersponts don't shine,' cried I, to the mate. 'Yee, yes,' he answered, 'yonder does, anyhow. It is the phosphorous in the water. I have seen such things again and again, glxn?.g as though they had got a streak or I ghtltng stowed away in their coil.' He coninued to look : then, with an path, he cried out pts-ionately that the Ippearanee .was heading for us, and, with a bound, gained th.. companion, down which he bolted, retureine after a few breatblrae a moments followed by the captain, who rosa t 'out of the hatch hike a ghost, Iabited in hi, ehirt and drawers only. Believe nme or not. as you will, but what I'm going Sto tell you is as teue as that I, who walk by ynur side now, am a living macn. The fire tinctured stalks, as I will call them, had d tbhitkned with ittncredible rapidity, and d looked ?00ft. high, distant as they yet were d There was a ovnatant p ny of lightning over them, sometimes very flece and brilliant, with sharp cracks of thunder, whose rover Sbrations rolled over the polished undula. clons of the ,water, with a sound of heavy bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stag-. The, stagnation around mades the sight of that small rotating luminous tempest as k wonderful as it was frightful. Every e moment htight-red the roar of the boiling t at its base, 'nd the indescribable yelling of the circular Fweeping of the wind of this a narrow tempest. Some of the men beat with a handspikei furiously upon the scuttle to R arouse the watch h)Ilow. I stood watching, scarce dra ing a breath, eaptain and mate n beside me, hosbt silent Indeed, there was knothing to-he done. 'We mignt; perhaps, have fired a gun. hast we hadn't such a thing i abonrd. The courero f the spout was easily re oibe athered by the sharpenintg or e the mystical goldenflerse which illuminated :ct t-'ii volvinebc?ioumns; enit by the whiling s upon the tight of the ied of foam'oet of wlli~ih tuhse vast liquid trunks grew, and by bh irncremainoe uproar of the maddened and adething mass of epnate and of the thunrrder blasts uver at fo lowiog ea hjsgged, barbed lightnin;g strhke wi'b conlinuous detona Stous. comparable only to broadside after in broadidad delivered from .four-decked lino e of.hattle .hip. The spout came along slowly -if a single spou? it were- with ita two y flamir;g 'imbs and one deaen head of ,vapour, 'There was a bit of hope to hbe Sgon out; of this. for it might break I snd perith ern it resched us. The captain cr ried, ' My God I what shall we do? How fast in it rravelling, think you, Mr Morgan ? SEight miles in the ftour-no faster asir. h croaked the mate, in the voice of a man n eeoteneed to death. ' I'll be aboard n? ' n roared some forward uddenly in a panical o way, and the cry was instantly followed by . a trantio rusts aft of shadows as the finvres Sof the men loked But the boat.wain of 'he barque, whose tones I recognised, ,oled out, 'Jump .for shelter, my lads ! * jump for shelter ! Down with you d under deck, or there'll be ne'er a life 1\. le?f to explain what hurt the ship; on whio?t many of the men sprang n forward again, the captain eaying d noohag, and the mate anmute an I, f.r the ligbhtnioeg was crsckling over our beads now. and she barque was plunging upon the heavy sea, Sang in advance by the commotion, though there wa not a'breath of air yet, an I lire to tell it, and the spout almost within pietol abet I Well, I can only speak frefmysell now. forwhat followed wa Iike a Shorrible inightmare, frim which yenou start with the blood thok in your veln, without a being able to reeall a feature of the terror that awoke you. The mad impuale one got C from thie sight and anond of the spout, and its horrible aeeompsnimenoa of whltenes as Sfo tsand hlacknes overhead, wan forhelt'er, and my first rpring was for the companion, i with a say to the cap sin sad mate to follow me. I w a carce four steps down when there . happened a shoek as thnough man enrthquake right under the keel of the C barque had lirt her into atavee, Just for one instant my ear caught 'he Inexpressible hoilish clamoor el tons of aweeping water, t of spars nspplong like pipealems-then wah ; the cm.anion way was filled in a breath, and don I went, swept along and 0 into insensibility by a flood that was asmalt SNiagara Fails an its way for weight, Of(f coorse I wasn't drowned; of course I regained onelouanea s; but that was Snot so wonderful as that I should have crawled one of he cabin like a soaked I fleece, a sane man with every senEse tant in him, instead of a grioning and gibberleg idiot. I gaiened the deck. The night wan breathlesn. No ound came off the renan, a rhough the hor;zsn hung black all around as before. It took me a while to ree, and then I I observed that the barque was dismasted. The shadowof her deck stretched ont bhelore ome, a sheer bulk lI There were figures moving here and there. I hallord, and most of them came alt. Bit they Were all too stopefied to ans-er qe?. ines ; they matnered in a darzed way. Who was missing? What had happeunrd mote than that the barque had been stripped to the condition of a naked hull was'not to be gatheren til the dawn came. Beo before he light broke we had rallied sffiilently to man the pumps and keep them going. Talk of a wreak I Ne er did the ann rise upon a more pitisable a glt Obh- the barque made; three jigged stomps where he lower masts had been; a whole wildernesea of wreakaga over the aide ; bowsprit govu-e~ wn w e lasd. I t p?Or bu.wariti smashed flat, deck house, galley, long boat, quarter boate--ll vanished. The capstiiu and the poor fellow who had been at the wheel were. missing; their fate needer no guessing. Bu we found the body of the mats, cruelly buiard and barely distinguishable as a human ferm, lying under a mass of gear. Well, to end the yarn, for it's nearly told, we passed three days of desperate pumping, for the ve.sel took in water as though her bottom hbd been a grating, and 'twsa pomp or sink, for we tere withont i boat. But on the utorLiug xi he fourth day a steamer hove in eight, apied no, and came alongside. She was just in time; we were inero spectree, with thi strength of such things, and I believe if th next relief of the pumps had teen called there would have been no answer." 