SPORTING NOTES. IBr Tbumpatob.] There mi a brilliant assemblage at Caul-1 field last Saturday. Both the big events I dwindled down to rather small proportions; | bnt on the < whole the racing was good, and Mr. Bond must have been well satisfied with the results, as the attendance was equal to a Oaulfield Cup Day. Arriving from Adelaide in the express on the morning of the meeting I had plenty of time to reach the Course before the first race. Gaulfield is easily reached by train, but getting baok to Mel bourne by the same means is not snch an easy matter on a big day. The railway arrangements are not nearly eo complete as at Flemington, and the drive is not a plea sant one, although the distance would not be out of the way if the roads round Melbourne were better. The presence of several well known supporters of Hill's horses soon gave the tip that the Flower was muoh fancied for the Sapling Stakes. The sister to fiiohworth is only a handfal, but want of size is no detriment where the distance is only 3 fnrlongs, and the report was that the Brothers Hill had tried her I very highly indeed. There were some fine yonngsters in the field. Montalto, by Neckersgat from Romula, had no superior | for looks, and Elland is a fine colt, but nothing in the raoe looked better than the Enlham-bred Prinoe Consort. Walter | Hickenbotbam has got this son of Rich mond and Queen Consort in fine form. The Traveller was another that passed muster satisfactorily, but there were Beveral in the raoe that will not be ready to |raoe forjsome months. With such a large field it was only natural that luck would have a deal to do with the result. Fagg, who was on the Flower, tried his old game of beat ing the Starter, but after he had made one or two breakaways Mr. Watson told him—"most politely," of course—'that if he broke away again he would send him baok to the paddock. This threat settled the Flower's chance, as when the flag did go down she got off badly, and being on the rails had not the ghost of a ohanoe of getting clear of the field. Under these eiroumstauoes j she must be seen under silk again before it is possible to say whether she is the filly Hill credits her with being. Prince Consort J would appear to be a slow beginner. Had he been able to get off and raoe in the first j furlong he must have won, as he was going two strides to Montalto's one at the finish, and another 20 yards would have secured him the verdict. The winner kept a good plaoe j all the way, and finished as straight as | an arrow under the whip. Montalto, who belongs to the lucky Mr. Dono van, cost 350 gs. at Sir Thomas Flier's last sale, whereas Prince Consort only re turned Mr. Blackler 39 guineas. At present 1 should say the oolt would beat the filly easily over half a mile, bnt there may be a different tale to teU in November, as Montalto does not look as forward as the Prince. There was quite an Adelaide ring about Montalto's victory, as she was ridden by Denny House, and is trained by H, Monro, who has taken to training on his own account since Mr. Maedonali retired from the bnsiness. Only ten ran for the Hurdle Raoe, and Recall bad been performing so well at home that the Ballarat people put their money down In earnest. At one time the handsome son of the Drummer was at 2 to 1, and offers of 100 to 30 were being made against Leroy, bnt at the fall of the flag there was not j much to choose between the pur. Recall jumped so badly that his ohance was soon gone, and at one time the sup porters of Leroy could not have been on very good terms with themselves, but at the turn he got the measure of Bonnie Chester and Incident, and, making a good jump over the last hurdle, won with a Inmp in hand. Balla rat, looking well, formed one of the field, but he finished lsBt, and evidently retains all his ' old dislike to jumping. The Selling Race gave the Whisperer party a moet unpleasant knock. Whisperer, although only a com moner in appearance, was made a 5 to 2 on chance, bis owner evidently thinking that Peter Barns might be trusted to display his uanal roguishness. The first try resulted in a dead heat, and as it looked as though Moore threw the race away through taking things too eaBily, the pair were saddled up again, odds once more being laid on Whis perer. This time Peter Burne asserted hie superiority in the most marked manner, and theplungers pulled very long faces. With Studley and Reny withdrawn on the course only nine were left to fight for the £1,000 attached to the Steepleohase.' Few people knew that in Eaglet, the old sprinter j who used to win so many races round Wil oannia way, that the Messrs. Miller had pos session of a " dead bird" for this raoe. Mr. Barnard had accommodatingly thrown the gelding in at 9 st, 10 lb., and months of schooling had made the horse perfect at the jumping business. Holtnan, who had ridden the none in all hie practice, was taken off at the last moment in favour of Maitin Burke, and the horse backed heavily, a few of the Messrs. Miller's partionlar friends being told about the good thing at the last moment. Ruby kept her plaoe at the head of the I quotations, but Eaglet carried far more paddock money. Nearly all the other runners I had friends. Some backed Promotion, although Corrigan had no fancy for his mount, and only ran him because Dragon and Flash light were on the shelf. Those who expected j to see a beautiful raoe with nearly all the field standing np wete doomed to disappoint ment, as there were no less than five falls. Ruby opened the ball by taking off an immense distance from the third fence and tilting Scobie out of the saddle. Royal Oak came down at the smallest fence on the conrse, and as he rose he cannoned against Ellerslie, and knocked Keating ont of the 1 saddle. During this time Mernder, Cariosity, j Beadsman IL, and Eaglet were keeping olose company in front, the last-named going well within himself, and feneing beautifully. Six furlongs from home Burke took him to the front, and although Beadsman IL looked dangerous when he fell, the result was pro bably not affected, as the Tasmanian must have been spun out. Eaglet won easily, and 1 dare say that had Ruby and Ellerslie kept on their legs the result would have been the same, albeit I fancy the little mare would have given the winner some trouble. The viotory was not popular, Mr. Miller's oolours not being favoured with the publio sympathy Which they used to command a few years back; but of course every one wae glad to see the ever green Martin Barks Booting a win in eneh am important event. It vu a great feather in the Messrs. Millers' eap to ran first and second in suoh am important | event; bnt they moat have felt a pang' of regret when the winner was so quietly re ceived . on returning to eoale—so different from the reception reoeived by the winaera J of the big races' at Flemington three weeks ago. In a field of 20 as little aB 8 to 1 was taken about Strife for the B&laklava; Stakes. One plnnger who had oleared £2,300 on the first ionr raoes pnt no less than £1,500 on Mr. Thompson's colt, and thanks to suoh transac tions as theBe the baokers of public form— . i.e., those who followed Teuton—were able j to get very nioe prices. I saw Strife saddled, and although looking bright and well he did not give the idea of being suffi ciently seasoned to fight ont a severe finish. Teuton, on the other hand, haa raced him self into fine form, and with Power np it did look good bnaineBs to take 7 to 1, Before they had gone far Strife came ont with a (dear lead of his field. Turning into -the straight he mast have been quite three lengths away , from the field, bat at the distance Teuton, followed by Sumatra, came through, and when the brother to Dnnldp challenged Strife went all to pieces and was beaten easily by a length. Strife's collapse waB said to have been accounted for in a measure by a girth breaking; but ae the raoe was run I fancy Teuton would have beaten him under any circumstances. Strife is undoubtedly a brilliant colt, and in Messrs. Thompson and Leeks' hands his future is not likely to be prejudiced by injudicious hurrying. South Australian • bred ' horses were in . great form during the day. I suppose Eaglet | wbb bred by Mr. Boss Beid at Tolarno. Beth Montalto and Tenton were reared at Mor phetville, while Peter Burns and Strife first saw the light at Mr. Jordan's, and Prinoe Consort hails from Fnlham Park. Deny , Boase, who was a pet bo; of John Hill's some | few years ago, soored two wins during the day, and there is not a racing man in Ade laide who would not rejoice to see that Martin Bnrke had won the big steeplechase. There will be plenty of racing in Adelaide j betweennowand the endofSeptember. Mr.D. Dunlevie holds a Pony Meeting at Morphett vilie on Saturday, and given fine weather there should be a nioe afternoon's sport. The acceptances are not known at the time of writing, but I do not suppose there will be many withdrawals, If Mr. Lewis oomea over he should be able to win the Thirteen Hands Baoe with either Chloe or Paris. Banker is running well just now, and he or Helens should account for the Hurdle Baoe. There are sixteen in theFiatKace. Mercury ie the pick of tfie handi cap at 9 et.f bnt Wyman's old horse has only just been put into work, and may not be ready by Saturday. If Echo starts he will be hard to beat, bu« I like General Sarshfield better at the weights, and would look no further for the winner if I was sure of a run. Lower down St. Stephen will be better suited by the distance than Napoleon, but where starters are so hard to pick it ie better to go for cer tain runners, and so I shall conple the mode rate Exchange with Norma to provide the winner. Jenny looks the piok of the half dozen engaged in the Galloway Hace, and Baby should take a deal of beating ia tne 14 bands Pony Race. Considering the times Mr. Dnnlevie haB every reason to be satisfied with the entries received for the Lioeneed 'Victuallers' meet ing on the 8th oi next month. The nineteen nominated for the . Hurdle Baoe inolude Glengary, Dutch Oven, .Pro teotor, Hogmanay, Mercury, and Crayfish. Thirteen ia a splendid entry for a Selling Baoe in Adelaide, and the committee oonld not expeot to secure more than eight youngsters for the Sapling Stakes. For the Trophies twenty-three bave been nominated, and among tbem is Diok Swiveller, who swept the board last autumn. South- Eastern owners are well represented by Proteotor, Victor, Crayfish, and Bronzewing, while .Eneas hails from Broken Hill, and Adelaide has fair representatives in Mercury, General Sarshfield, and Lord John, the only Mel bourne representative being Hogmanay, who seems to retain a little of his old form. Steepleohases have been failures lately, bat Mr. Dnnlevie has seoured sixteen entries, and there are some new names in the list. With 8wordfi8h ont of the way, Mr. Hnghes will not need to take a very wide range in appor tioning the weights, and as the fences are to be well brushed most of the competitors should he able to get the course in Bafety. The weights will appear next Tuesday. Mr. Ferry intends holding a Park Meeting on the Old Coarse on September 15. There are bLx events on the card, and although the stakeB are small the meeting should cut out pretty well if the visiting horses are nomi nated. The entries and weights for the Maitland Meeting appear this week. Our corre spondent states that a good deal of interest ie being taken in the fixture, and visitors are expected from all parts of the Peninsula. I am sorry to bear that Ruby slipped twinB at Fulhatn last week. This ie a piece of very bad Iuok for Mr. Blackler, as a year ling out of the dam of Sardius and Isonomy always commands a good price. At the Melbourne sales three yonng sires were bought for Sir Thomaa Elder's horse station at Mount Burrell. They oame over in oharge of Fitzroy, and have been sent North, ' The third reading of the Totalizator Bill was carried in the Assembly by a majority of seven, and it will now be paseed on to the | Legislative Council, At Moonee Valley on Tuesday Messrs. Joseph Thompson and O'Connor had a dis pute over something, and the argument ended in blowe being exohanged, Volley has hardened to 4 to 1 for the V.R.C. Derby, there evidently being a strong feeling that she is the best of Mr. White's lot. Malua ia still being heavily backed for the Melbourne Cup. It ie nearly foar years since he won the Cup under 9 st. 9 lb., aud I can hardly bring my6elf to believe that he tela ins his form. Very good acceptances have been reoeived for the Pony Meeting to take plaoe to-day, the only withdrawals being Echo, Protector, Viator, and Steelbit from the Handicap, and the Mumper from the finrdle Raoe. The Flower returned from Melbourne on Thursday evening, and she will probably attempt to recover her reputation in the Sapling Stakes at the Licensed Victuallers'1 Meeting. [ Mr. Pell has taken Evrie to Sydney, where he is engaged at 6 at. 4 lb. In thejHawkeabnry Handicap. I am sorry to hear that Andy Fergus son haa taken a turn for the 'worse, and the doctors are now afraid he will not recover. Oberon, an English horse, by Galopln from Wheel of Fortune, has been sold to ge to India. Oberon was bred by Lord Falmouth, and I think he cost Mr. Manton something like £4,000 as a two-year-old. He was a I failure as a youngster, hut afterwards won | the Lincolnshire Handioap and other good races. Jerry 8neak is being trained bv J. Goods for the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting, and if he can negotiate the Morphettville fences the old grey should have a ohanoe In the Steeple chase if be does not carry overfreight again. Scrip started favourite for one of the Pony Baoes at Moonee Valley on Tuesday. Backers evidently thought that coming all the way from Adelaide no muBt be smart; bnt he is a very moderate pony, and I am not surprised to hear that be ran laBt. Sorip's owner did not lose any money on him. Mr. Perry has secured the etablea at Boae Park, which Frank McNamara occupied iu the totalizator days. D. Boase has left the Hon. J. White's employ, and is likely to get moBt of the Ade laide riding in Melbourne this season. I have to acknowledge the reaeipt of " ComingEvents," by " Hawkeye," whiohis far and away the moet complete racing record whioh has yet been issued in the colonies. la America a yearling was recently Bold at auotion for £7,600. This is the highest prioe ever obtained for a yearling. The Sir Modrede brought good prices at this sale. - All bookmakers who wish to lay the odds at the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting, must send their names to the committee for approval before the 6th of next month. The Bosehill Club intend to give £1,000 to a six furlong handioap this season. Savanaka has been sold privately, and I suppose the little grey will retire to the country. " Augur" states that as Magazine's feet are still very bad, Mr. Gannon hai determined to give faim a spelL "Augur" haB the following interesting paragraph about the Grand National winner" Eaglet, who won the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase so easily, is bv Wild Eagle from a mare by South Australian j (sire of King Tom). Nothing much ib known about his dam, but it is supposed that she was a danghter of Modesty, the dam of Im pudence, a horse well known in South Aus tralia, where he won the Adelaide Cup in 1876\. Eaglet was not broken iu until be was 4 years old, when be passed into the bands of Mr. D. JfL Power, who paid £14 or £15 for him. Subsequently he was sold ton shearer, and carried him and his swag to Wilcannia, where Mr. Thomas Byrne saw him, and, taking a fancy to him, he bought the horse for £SO on bebalf of himself and his relative, P. Bolder. The latter had once owned Merlin and others of the same breed, with whom he bad won races, and therefore had learned to respect anything by Wild Eagle, and appro priately ohristened their purchase Eaglet. Hie career was extraordinary, for he won no less than thirty-two raoes for Bolger ere he sold him to Mr. S. Miller, and upon one occasion he gave Eyrie, who won at Caulfield last mouth, S3 lb. anu a beating. He made hie first appearanoe in public on the last day of July, 1885. On the following day he was five years old. He did many long walking journeys in the country, and upon one oooaBion Eaglet, walked from Silverton to Hay, about 500 miles, and on the very day that he arrived at Hay he ran in a hurdle race, but without sjooess, After winning many times Bolger brought Eaglet and Hard TimeB to Melbourne, but on the way be stopped at Echoes, and the horse ran un placed in the Echuca Handioap. Arriving in the metropolis. Eaglet waB offered for sale by Messrs. Yuille & Co., but be was not fanoied, and passed in at a moderate figure. On the day that Blue Mountain won the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase Eaglet ran un placed to Ellerelie in the Hurdle Haoe, and be was also beaten at EUternwiok Park; but on the following Saturday he easily won a hurdle race at Moonee Valley, ana on that day Mr. S. Miller purchased him. Sinoe then he haB started three times, and alto gether out of fifty-nine starts he has been sncoesBful thirty-three times—a very good record indeed. Some time ago Mr. Miller had the horse submitted to auotion, and he was bought In at 52} guineas, Mr. Miller wisely refusing to part with eo good an animal. 