NEWS OF THE DAY. The question of intercolonial quarantine grounds and regulations, will be one which will come before the Federal Council when it meets in Hobart shortly. For some time there has been a scheme on foot for establishing a quarantine Ground at Thursday Island on the north-east, and at Albany on the south-west, and rendering it compulsory that vessels bound for any Australian port, if they had any con- tagious sickness on board, should call at one or the other of these places, and place them- selves under the health officer's instructions. The Premier of Tasmania has also asked that consideration shall be given to the course that should be adopted by the other colonies in the event of a contagious disease making its appearance in any one of them. He complained that Tasmania was ostracised to an altogether unnecessary degree when smallpox recently appeared in the island, and he asked that the colonies should consider the pro- priety of coming to some uniform arrange- ment for the future. The Central Board of Health in Melbonrne have considered the matter and have furnished Mr. Gillies with a memorandum on the subject. It is under- stood that the Victorian health authorities object to any uniform arrangement with the other colonies being agreed to, unless those colonies show a disnosition to take more stringent precautionary measures than they have done in the past, particularly in the matter of compulsory vaccination. The yield of gold for 1887 from Victorian mines, of which an estimate is published else- where from information supplied by the Master of the Mint, the statistical branch of the Customs department and the metropolitan banks having branches in the provinces, shows a decrease of 23,569 oz. compared with the yield for 1886. In the latter year the yield was 640,800 oz., whilst for the twelve months just expired it was 617,231 oz. In the leading mining centres, includiug Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine and Daylesford, great depression was experienced during the first half of the year ; but a decided change took place, more especially at Sandhurst, where the energy and perseverance of shareholders resulted in valuable discoveries, which assisted materially to arrest the downward tendency of the gold yield of the colony. Malmsbury experienced a good year, and gives evidence of continued prosperity. A large amount of dead work has been performed in the mines in the Ballarat and Clunes districts, and although the results were not commensurate with the amount of money expended in calls, yet there are hopeful signs that the operations of the present year will be attended with gratifying results. Mr. E. Steinfeld. chairman of the Chamber of Manufactures, waited on the Railway Com missioners yesterday, by appointment, to discuss certain alleged defects in the classifica- tion of the goods tariff. The first objection raised by Mr Steinfeld was that if a con- signor did not declare that his goods should be carried on the railways at his own risk, he was charged double carriage rates. He thought the department should accept the risk attached to carrying goods at a less charge than this — say at the cost of an insurance premium in excess of the ordinary rates which would be sufficient in amount to protect the department from loss. The commissioners undertook to give this point consideration when revising the classifica- tion at a future date. Mr. Steinfeld further complained that goods carried at class rates were charged the some rates per mile for short distances ; but the commissioners demonstrated that this was not the case. It was then urged that the class scale in operation for long distances was too high. The com- missioners said they could not alter it at pre- sent. Mr. Steinfeld asked that inland colonial industries should be encouraged by the carriage of their goods at special rates, to enable them to compete with sea borne produce. The com- missioners replied that special rates of carriage were already conceded to such industries as carried on any considerable traffic, and this course would be continued in the future. Finally Mr. Steinfeld complained that special rates existed for merchandise traffic between Melbourne and Geelong, but that the traffic between Melbourne and Ballarat did not get the benefit of it. The commissioners replied that in making up the Ballarat carriage rates the Ballarat traffic was given the benefit of the special rates to Geelong, and that the ordinary rate chargeable between Geelong and Ballarat was added. The Royal College of Physicians has written to the Secretary of State on the subject of Ihe contagion in leprosy, the letter being a reply to one sent from the Colonial Office. It was pointed out that in a report issued in 1867 the opinion of the college was that leprosy was not contagious, but that this opinion was con- trary to the belief held by physicians in the colonies where the disease existed. These physicians, it was said, were in favor of the segregation of persons suffering from the disease, but the Royal College of Physi- cians, after taking six months to con- sider the matter, express the opinion that if there be any elements of contagion in leprosy, they are not to be dreaded sufficiently to justify segregation. The college believes that leprosy is not con- tagious in the conventional sense of the term, and if at all, is only so in low degree ; but the probable value of further investigation is ad- mitted, and State aid in providing means of suitable and separate treatment for lepers is recommended. The opinion of persons who have had experience of lepers is that not only segregation but actual isolation is required, as the disease cannot be cured, and can only be stamped out either by preventing any person who has it from becoming the progenitor of children, or by communicating the disease, if it really be contagious at all, to others, and this can be effected, not by segregation, hut only by complete isolation. Inquiries were made some time ago as to the suitability of some of the Fijian harbors for use as a calling place for a proposed British mail service via San Francisco and Canada, and the Governor of Fiji, Sir C. B. H. Mitchell, has forwarded a description of the harbors to the Secretary of State for the Colonies. He con- siders that Suva harbor is superior to all others, as it is better lighted and piloted, contains fewer hidden dangers, and is generally the easiest of access. A copy of the memorandum was forwarded to Mr. Gillies, for the information of the Victorian Government. A report on the subject of preventive measures against locusts has been forwarded to the Minister of Agriculture by Mr. A. N. Pear- son, the Government agricultural chemist. Mr. Pearson remarks that steps for destroying these pests must be taken while the insects are in a wingless larval con- dition, and says he has not heard of any successful method of destroying them once they have wings and are capable of flight. The Minister, Mr. J. L. Dow, puts in a note, stating that he has been informed of a castor oil plant hedge stopping and killing myriads of locusts which were able to fly, and also of the leaves of the plant causing the death of the insects. Locusts' eggs, Mr. Pearson suggests, may be destroyed by means being taken to bury them by cultivation of the land, or in other ways, to a depth of several inches, Miss Ormerod in her work, Guide to Methods of Insect Life, shows that the eggs will not hatch if they are much more than an inch below the surface of the ground. To kill the insects in their larval condition chemicals may be used such as chloride of lime, which should be sprinkled on the ground where the insects were numerous. They may also be driven into trenches and buried. These schemes are more or less practicable from the fact that large deposits of eggs are frequently found in particular localities and are not scattered pro- miscuously all over the districts. Mr. Pearson points out the necessity for action of a united kind if any is decided upon, as very little hope could be entertained that it would be effective it merely irregular and unsys- tematic attempts were made to stamp out the pest. Curious and mysterious letters, stating that the writers are in possession of a plan which will destroy rabbits wholesale, are now con- stantly being received by the Minister of Lands. Mr. Arthur T. White, medical student and member of the volunteer staff corps at Lewisham, England, has a scheme which he will disclose on receipt of a satisfactory letter from the Victorian authori- ties. Mr. J. T. Robinson, of St. John the Evangelist's-road, London, makes a suggestion similar to that of M. Pusteur, which was pub- lished a few days ago. The French scientist proposed to inoculate rabbits with chicken cholera, and Mr. Robinson suggests that it cholera virus, which produces what is called rotten liver, should be used. He states that it is fatal to rabbits, but will not attack the human subject. A third proposal is that of Mr. Lewis Cowley, of Devonshire, who thinks the rabbits could be starved out by all the crops and avail- able feeding grounds being enclosed with rabbit proot fencing. Mr. Cowley has evidently little conception of the local conditions, and does not know how many hundreds of miles of netting are already in use, simply with the object of preventing the rabbit invasion in particular directions. The Customs authorities are not satisfied with the decision of the police magistrate at Ballarat in the prosecution recently undertaken against a man named Shanahan for a breach of the Fisheries Act in having in his possession perch under 4 ounces in weight. The case against the defendant was dismissed, on the ground that the by-laws of the city of Ballarat permitted perch under 4 oz. in weight to be taken out of Lake Wendouree, but the Customs department considers that no municipal by-law can over- ride an Act of Parliament, and it has been decided to take the matter on appeal to the Supreme Court. Mr. Saville-Kent, on completing his report on the fisheries of Western Victoria, will pro- ceed to Tasmania on Thursday next, where he will remain for some time. In the event of the Commissioner of Customs deciding to fill the vacant office of Inspector of Victorian Fisheries, Mr. Kent will probably become an applicant for the position. During his four months' engagement here, which is now terminating, Mr. Kent received remuneration at the rate of £100 per month for the first two montlis, and £50 per month travelling expenses for the remaining period. Admiral Jules Francois Emile Krantz who, as stated in a cablegram of Saturday, has been appointed Minister of Marine and the Colonies, to the French Repnblic, was born in 1821. He entered the service at the age of 16, became ensign in 1847, lieutenant the following year, captain of a frigate in 1861, of a man-of-war in 1867, and rear-admiral in 1871. In 1869 M. Krantz formed some classes of instruction in naval gunnery on the training ship Louis Qua- torze. On the 15th September, 1870, when Paris was invested by the Germans, he was appointed to the command oi the fort D'Ivry, and energetically defended the advanced works on the left bank of the Seine. After the con clusion of the armistice, he was attached in February, 1871, to the bureau of M. Pothnau; the Minister of Marine, as chef de Cabinet, and appointed director of the movements of the fleet, an received the decoration of commander of the Legion of Honor. He subsequently became chief commandant and prefect of the 5th maritime arrondisement at Toulon. M. Krantz is well known as a magazine writer on naval subjects, and in 1852 published at Toulon an important work on the Elements of Nautical Theories. His cousin, M Jean Baptiste Sebastien Krantz, an eminent engineer, who, among other works, constructed the pontoon bridges over which General Ducrot's forces passed the Marne on the 1st December, 1870, has been known as a member of the Assembly and consistent supporter of the Left Centre or moderate Republican party. The Mining department continues to receive almost daily reports from prospectors for gold in different parts of the colony. The Gobur Prospecting Association report that they have been sinking at Stockade Hill, in the Beech- worth district, and have got a reef varying from 6 to 12 inches in thickness which is bearing fine gold, and which the miners are following down. Mr. J. W. M. Worthing- ton reports from Proctor's range, in the Stawell district, that a large body of stone has been found at a depth of 28 feet, which has a pro.- mising appearance. The Dry Creek Pros- pecting Association are at work on Merton Creek, in the locality of Beechworth, and have obtained so far two pennyweights to the load. The prospectors are going to try for better re- sults by moving about 9 miles further up the creek. Tbe Railway Tender Board has accepted the following tenders :—Erection of sheep and cattle yards at Nhill, W. Lee, £258 8s. 6d. ; earth works on site of engine sheds, Ballarat, Lewis and Roberts, £4230 8s. 6d.; painting gatekeepers' cottages on Tatura and Echuca line, A. Smithers, £100 16s, 10d.; erection gatekeepers' cottage, Macedon, J. J. Smith, £1361s. 3d.; erection signal box at Sale, W. Bennett, £248 2s. 10d. ; erection gatekeepers' cottage on Cribb Point line, P. Thomas, £570 10s.; erection of sheep and cattle yards at Fern Hill, B. Jensen, £247 9s. 9d. ; erection pas- senger platform and shelter shed at No. 40 gate, Dunolly line, P. Lester, £228 3s. 4d.; erection shelter shed at Pettavei-road station, S. Leonard, £126 10s. 6d. Tenders for supply of firewood at Princes-bridge and Spencer-street were referred for further consideration. The lighthouse keeper at Gabo Island forwarded the following telegram to the Ports and Harbor authorities yesterday:—"Three ship's hatches, half, either upper or 'tween deck, 6 feet by 2, with galvanised iron hand ring bolts, marked 'L.M. 3 S.M. 6 A.L. 10,' and another piece marked 'S.F. G,' have come on shore on west side of island. Letters quite clear. Apparently not long in the water. Have examined carefully, but found nothing further." Shipping authorities state that the letters described probably indicate the places in which the hatches were to be put on. Their size would show that they would belong to vessels as large as the largest intercolonial colliers, the ocean mail steamers or timber vessels trading to the lakes. The Federal Bank officials, at the head office in Collins-street, yesterday received from another bank in the ordinary transaction of business a Federal Bank note for liquidation, which pur- ported to be for the amount of £50. On examination it was discovered that this note was in reality a £20 note, skilfully meta- morphosed with the object of enhancing its value by £30. At each of the top corners the figures £20 are pasted over by two corners of £50 notes, and in the body of the note the word "Twenty" is also pasted over with the word "Fifty" cut from the body of a £50 note, hut on the back the word "Twenty" remaining unobtiterated. The Federal Bank refused to recognise the note as having a value of more than £20, and notified the exchanging bank of the fact. Amongst the notes in hand at the Federal Bank are two £50 notes, from one of which the right hand corner bearing the figures "£50" has been removed, and from the other the left hand corner, so that neither note is destroyed, and yet the manipulator, who is supposed to have been the person who dressed up the £20 note in question, had all the material required to alter the character of the note. From one of the two notes referred to the word "Fifty" in the body of the note has been cut out, the excision being neatly covered with a New South Wales receipt stamp. The theory is that the perpetrator of this ingenious device got his spurious £50-note into circula- tion amongst the general public some where in New South Wales, and that the subsequent holder eventually saved himself from loss by passing it on an unsuspecting bank. The accepting bank will therefore lose the £30 difference. During the course of yes- terday afternoon the Federal Bank manage- ment had the three notes which had been operated upon sent round to all kindred insti- tutions as wxhibits of the latest system of roguery against which financial establishments have to be on guard. The arrangements in connection with the formation of the Tramway Employes' Mutual Benefit Society, the initiatory steps in which were taken, as reported in yesterday's Age, at a fully attended meeting held on Sunday morning, are proceeding satisfactorily. The men express themselves hopeful of being able to secure many much needed concessions in regard to the num- ber of hours worked and the arrange- ment of the time tables. The directors of the company fully approve of the step taken by the men. They state that the timely and judicious advice given in the columns of The Age assisted materially in effecting a settlement at a critical period, and express a hope that the forma- tion of the society will lead to the establishment of a large central club room which could be made a vehicle for the improvement and social intercourse of the employés. The necessary steps for the formal management of the society are being taken, and a meeting will shortly be held at which it will be constituted, and the office bearers ap- pointed. The successful design for the proposed town hall at Brunswick is that of Mr. Sydney H, Wilson, of Elizabeth-street, who was yesterday awarded the first prize, £75, by the local council. Mr. William Pitt, of Collins-street west, gained second place. There were 19 designs for competition, and the council ex- perienced some difficulty in making a selection. They did not come to a decision until after some three hours' deliberation. The facade ol the projected structure is ornate and pleasing, and a large hall, court house and council chamber are provided, together with extensive office accommodation. The plan has been arranged in such a manner that the post and telegraph work of the district, which is at present curried on in unsuitable premises, may be transferred into the new building. It will be interesting to persons concerned in the carving aud gilding industry to know that the £4850 worth of pictures disposed of is the Grosvenor Gallery during its exhibition in Melbourne were made subject to the protective policy of the country. The Earl of Bucking- hamshire received a communication from the Customs department that all the picture frame were dutiable at a special rate, and that he was held responsible for the payment of the duty. The amount due upon the frames enclosing the pictures which have been sold has been paid into the department. A new post and telegraph office was yester- day opened at Abbotsford, in the public build- ings, Hoddle-streeL It is intended by the authorities to one a money order office and sivmys bank in connection with the establish ment on tho 10th inst. A receiving house has been established near Ascot Vale station, and a new post and telegraph office will bo opened, therein on tho 12th January. Mails for Mel bourne will close at 9.10 a.m., 1.15 p.m., 4.35 pm. and 9.45 p.m. The difficulty existing between tho Prahran am! St. Kilda councils with respect to the Union-street section of the former munici pality's ilrainnge schcmo, which is designed to ran through the St. Kilda territory into tho Boy, was discussed by tlio St. Kilda council ut their usual meetiug held last uiglit. The follow- ine resolution was carried '-That this council affirms the principlo of tho municipalities of Prahran and St. Kilda joining in tho cost of connecting tlio culrerts in Union-street from tho west, sido of tho St. ICilda-road to tlie centre of Punt-road at joint, expense, provided tlie plans for the work be npproved by tho borougli surveyor. " At tlio mecling of the St. Kilda council last night tlio mayor reported having attended a meeting, in company with Cr. Barker, as repre sentatives of the council, held for tho purpose of effecting arrangements for holding a regatta on an extensive scale in November, this year. Nothing was, however, done at the meeting except to appoint a secretory, nnd lie (the mayor) desired to know how fnr tho council were prepared to support the project, and whether their support would bo by private subscription or from public funds. Tho pro posed regatta would bo open to all descriptions of boats and yachts, nnd handsome prizes were proposed to. be offered. It was also intended to invito yachtsmen from England and America to compete for tbe prizes. Tho matter was discussed at length, and councillors generally spoke iu favor of the project, but it was resolved to nliow the question of siihirrihinir to the fond to stand in abeyance for the present. About 11 o'clock yesterday morning l'olice- . constable Pfuudt noticed smoke issuing from the postal box near the corner of Collins and Swanston streets. lie immediately got a bucket of water and dashed it through the opening into the box, and afterwards communi cated with the Postal department. When the box was opened by the officials it was found that half a dozen letters had been burnt. This is the second time this box has been set fire to so wantonly. One of tho items on tho programme for the celebration of tlie centenary of Australia is an intercolonial cricket match between officers belonging to tbe Lands departments of Vic toria and New South Wales. Tho Vic torian team will leave for Sydnoy on tlio 20th inst., and the mntch will be played on the 23rd and 24th inst. The tenin will be selected from Messrs. Slight, Stokes, Ditchbnrn, Ham- say, Dunne, O'Brieu, Allan, Robertson, Butler, Reynolds, Mason, Voglor, Selk and Dunn. Jlr. Hayes will undertake the manage ment of tlie team while travelling, and Mr. Hnndesyile will act as secretary. The nowly erected court liouso nt Praliran, situate at the comer of Grcville and Macquarie streets, was opened yesterday morning for tho transaction of public business. Before tho day's list was entered upon Mr. Williams, on behalf of the legal profession, made a few remarks of a congratulatory character, to which Dr. Fctherston responded on behalf of tho justices. He remarked that it rcmaiued yet to be seen whether the building would answer its purpose or not. There had been some mismanagement in connection with tho openiog arrangements, as the court had not been officially handed over to the bench, and thus the mayor and himself were deprived of the opportunity of opening it in a proper manner. The structure, which in cludes the lockup and necessary offices con nected with the court and also quarters for tho police, is constructed of Barrabool stone with Waurn Pond freestone dressings. Its cost is upwards of £7500, The stylo is Gothic and the designs were prepared by Jfr. W. Watson, of tho Public Works department. Messrs. Fnrneanx, Bisby and Angel were the con tractors for the work. A week's continual mission was commenced at the Independent Church, Collins-street east, yesterday, in celebration of tbo centenary of Australia, the objects of which were — " 1. To eagaSc the people of God in earnest, unceasing believing prayer for a gracious outpouring of the Holy Ghost during the ensuing year. 2. To draw tbe attention of this community to the many and great mercies which Australia has enjoyed at the bands of Almighty God, during tho first century of her existence as a British possession ; and to press upon our people— in view of tho approaching Centonnial Exhibition — tbe duty of our uniting in a public act of National Thanksgiving. 3. To arrange for mission services in town and country, in which- tlie Christian churches — together with all other Christian agencies, nnd with the help of nil Christian men and women— shall endeavor to secure that the whole population of Victoria shall have tlie offers of salvation, through the blood of the cross, brought, within thoir reach during the coming twelvemonth. 4. To pro mote the increased circulation of the Holy Scriptures and tho reading of them in privato and in the families of the peoplo ; td oncourago family religion nnd the more careful training of the young ; aod to urge upon tlie wholo com munity a deeper regard for, and more earnest observance of, tho Lord's Day." At yester day's meetiug prayers wero offered up by Dr. Bevan, The mission will closo ou Friday- evening, but up to that dato prayer meetings will be held at tbe Lousdale-strcet Wesleyan Church to- morrow and Thursday evening, aud the Baptist Church onWednosday evening. Several ministers of the various churches will attend and assist in the proceedings. Sergeant Devine, late iu charge of the West Melbourne division, and now in charge of Col- liugwood, has been promoted to the rank of first class sergcaot. Mr. Pain will to-morrow evening give his next display of fireworks, together with the representation of ihe dcstrnction of Pompoii, in the Friendly Societies' Gardens. a public temperance moctlnftwlll bo helcl In tbo Tem perance Hall, Ituascll-strcot. tills evening, at 8 o'clock. A meeting of ilio Victorian Cricketers' Association will be hold at Young and Jackson's, this evening, nt 8 o'clock. 'Hie united prsvor meeting In connection with the centennial celebration will be hold this evening la St. George's Presbyterian Church. Colllngwood. It Is notldcd tlint the excursion steamer Edlno will for the future Icnvo Queen's Wharf lor Porlnrilngton aud Geelougon Sunday mornings at 11 o'clock instead of quarter-past 11. To comply with tlio wishes of n largo number of pas sengers, tho directors of tho liny Kxcnral'Ui Compnny have mado arrangements to run thu pnddlo stouincr Ozone front Sorrento nnd Quocnscliff early orerr Mon day morning, enabling excursionists to spend Sunday nights ut tho seaside places. Full particulars as to fares, tlmo of starting, ate, will be found hi tho com pany's special advertisement in the shipping columns. 