3Ir. K'lutyru at ttouf JnOroofi, (from a A lmrii; uu'l reprrmcntulivo aiulic/j'-u Trom tho districts of Umbirom ami Houlhhrock met last Wodnesduy ovoning in Mr. Gbcrliurdt's largo room whoru Mr. D. MTutyru hud con- vened a meeting of tho electors. HhorlJy after tho advertised timo Mr. M'intyrc cnlcicd tho room and on tho motion of Mr. Audun-ou, .Mr. K. Wiiittakor was voted to thu clinir. Tho Chairman in u fow appropriate vcoi-dUntro- duccd tlio candidate und asked for a fair and patient hearing. Mr. M'lwlyro on rising mr- jircHxcd liis ploasuro ut seeing such a Jargo gathering, thu largest ho lmd uin I with any- whoro, for which ho wus vory ghto au thu italic at Ktuko was amont important ono, Jim largo farming diHtrict like that it was very jjccm- vary thut thy electors should ho represented Ity a practical farmer which he could my ho was. an ho had been cultivating the land on the Darling Downs for tho lust 22 years, aud ou thoso grounds ho thought ho hud a claim on the olocioruto. Tho first and moit important thing ho would mention was J'rote'jtiw/i, Agri culture was still In ita mtauey in QoecuHjuml, whorcus iu tlio Southern colonics uud New Zealand it wus un established induhtry, uud it was vory necessary that a young colony liko this should livvo aprotectivo tariff, und lie wua iu favor of putting on a very stiff one. Intact, ulujost prohibitive. Water carriage being h<> much cheaper than land, the southern farmer could always compote with Queensland in tho Brisbane market. In his opinion, if tho tariff was not A prohibitive one, farming a Quomr dund must go to thu wall. (Horo Mr. M'lntyro quoted statistic showing tho onor- fiiotM amount of produce of nil kinds imported.) A'.JOf, Jdl were cnt out of this colony annually to pay for produce that cnuM bo grown hnro and thu money kept circulating among tho people. When In Hydnoy a large hrowcr told him that thu Darling Downs barley, of which he showed iilm a sample) v.en rm good for malting piiri.o;-.o« rt any hn had over semi. (A Volroi " Rat Perkins dooHii't nny so, "Jund thut thoy paid 3i. tSd. per hushd for ft. Tliu emit of converting hurley into mult was undor Jh. per bushel, and malt was worth 15s. por Ho remarked to this hrowcr " What a profit must be made out of it." Tlio hrowor'n reply wa " I'd roonur havo it than tho host gold mine in thu country." Ilo wus suro that every tarncr in thu room would ngroo with him thut thu barley for malting purposes In Gm".|j«Jand rhoiild be grown on the Darling Dov.im, lie was a thorough beliuvor in Mr. Dntton's l/md Act of 1881, for, in hi opinion tho laud belonged to Uio people. I A Voices "Thu land's ours." and they phoeld he their own landlords. Ill knew that romc people humI that in timo tliu Government would become as opprcssivo JumHord" a thorn of Ireland aud .Scotland, but he thought that wax impossible, as tho Pnrliumctii v.n elected by tlio people who would take very good care that thoy did not return to Parliament member who would bo likely to puss arbitrary measures. Lot tho people of Queemdand learn a lesson from what wus going un nthonio and linvo equal distribu- of laud. He wns opposed to n land tax, and thought tlml utidor pre( nt circumstances It would be a great injustice. Owing to bad sea«on and drought Iojmu had boon vory great, mid both farmer and grazier had boon compelled to borrow monoy on thoir holdings, therefore by imposing a laud taxnn additional burden was placed on thoso mon nnd tho largo capitalist and money louder who llvod in luxury in the towns escaped scot froo. Vory soon thu Divisional Boards would slriko ft higher into and that would bo burdon enough on tho Jund. lie was in favour of paymont <>f monta-M in, (t gave the pooplo a larger and abler choice iu their representatives, and it v.'ah only right that farmers should chooso their own members, ilo w as a supimrtor of Hir H. \V, Griffith as ha thought his tho hest ministry they could have. Wlion tlio .M'llwraith party wit in j»o.vcr thoy nearly ruined the country by trying to logaliso tho roii-dnietionof tbo transcontinental railway on the laud grant system by which millions of ft'-re would havo been alienated front tho Crown. No doubt also thousand of Chinoso 'A Volcu i To h with tho Chinoso.")— would have been brought into tlio country to' construct it. Everyone know tho nbusos carried on in the kanaka trade, tlio" Hopoful " ca>u still being fresh In thoinindsof nvoryono. Tim Griffith Government put ft stop to all he') nefarious practice immediately on taking office and thus saved tho jolony from a tasting disgrace. Had tho M'llw raith party romalnou in office a mouth longer tho colony would havo heuii Jlooded witli Gooiics who being British subjects llkuoumdves would havo participated In all our privilege voting included, nnd would no doubt in time havo elbowed whito labour out altogether. Whan tho M'llwraith party went out of power thero was a poll tax of £19 on every Chinaman entering tho colony Hhorily after the Griffith Govornmont took office tlio uoJ! tax was raised to £39 and this instead of being refunded wont to swolltho public funds. In connoqtionco of tlds wiso mcasuro tho Chinoso in this colony do- creascd by 20<KJ during throo years. Thu Pastoral Lease Act of 1899 ho boliovod to have been a curse to tho colony. AH tho water frontage having boon takon up and left only the unwalorod portions for solootion. While M'llwraith was in power ovory applica tion for a pro'omptivo right of 2,(159 aoros wnn granted, and tlm squatter woro allowed to take it up iu any place or shapo thoy Hkod. Thu total taken tin under pre-emption undor the .M'llwraith Ministry was 223,009 aoros. by which 2,000,000 more aero woro rondorod un fit for selection. Hineo tho Griffith party havo been in offico uot one aero ha boon parted with. These facts, ho thought, plainly showGd that tliu Griffith party wa tho party for tho wmplo. If tt was u teetotaller himself und wan In favour of tho prosent Licensing Aot, nlsooE tho Local Option Act. Ho was In favour of repealing thu C. D. Act. JFo was also in favor of higher and hotter education for tho middlo' ' and lower classes, reform In tlio civil sorvico which was in a state of disorganisation, many of tlio officers in it drawing largo salurloa' which they never earned. Ho would havo ' promotion through a board of examiners and net by priority or seniority, Ilo wus in favor of thu eouvrvatlon of water. Ho upprovod of thu Huurutaryshlji for Agrlotilturo und tho oih tablnhmcntof experimental farms. Ho would have tho railways managed by ft Board, an at present tlioy v/oro grossly mismanaged, If returned ho would always he ready to attend to Us ui wants and ft letter sonf. to ids homo would el ways rocoivo his careful attention. Mr. M'liilvro guvo an utile and exhanstlvo address of which thu above is n eondonsod account, nnd was listened to throughout with thu greatest attention and renpout, not boing interrupted once, Thu Chairman asked If anyono wished to ask Uio candidate any questions. Mr. Peak i Do you think if two Liboral candidates go to tho poll thoro Is any ohanco of cine of yon being returned '( Mr, M'lntyro i Not tlio ghost of a chance. MK, Peak in a quiet and very seiiNihloHpooeh unlogtaed Mr. M'lntyro, but said that In tho interest of the Liberal of Cambooya and tho colony generally ho hod a painful duty to perform. As a Liberal candidate was in tho field before Mr. M'lutyru, und Mr. M'lntyro Into promised that candidate his support, and now that ho (Mr. M'lntyro) was splitting tho Liberal Interest and said ho Into noohanuo of heading ihu pell, ho (Mr. Peak) boggod topro- uo-.'i tho following resolution j — 'That Mr. D, M'lntyro in not a fit and proper person ta represent tho electorate of Cambouyo." Mr, 'I'. Hoffcriiun said j With tho samo good feeling and sentiment expressed by Mr. I'uak i. beg to second tho resolution. Mr. it. Anderson moved as an amondiwmfc "That Mr. M'lntyro I a fit and propor person, ' seconded by Mr. Hhoa. Tfw Chairman put tho nrnondmont to tho meeting and throo hand only wero hold np. On the original rusolutlon being put to tho meeting a forct of hands was held np amidst enthunluntiu cheering. The Chairman declared tho resolution carried by an overwhelming majority. Beforo tho amendment was put tho mooting wu ito.d roused by Mossrs, Oborhardt, Joffrcy, Anderson, uud Jenkins. 