The White Lady. Cue night I 6at alone, thinking and thinking, and won dering if there wbb any truth in the story of the ' White Lady ot the Hall,' and whether, if there were. I had the courage to meet her, for the story went that any one who dared to meet her and to speak to her should have' what they asked, though if you met ber and were afraii to speak, some great harm would come — something worse than death itself — madness, or the. palsy, or blindness, mayhap. Long ago, before any living man's grandsiro was bora, iugj oatu !-ug »? uue MdaiAy wud u mil nuumu aiiu uu wninii, a fair, meek woman, whom a king loved, and the Hall was the place where she dwelt; .aud she wore jewels and fine garments, and servants waited on lur, und the king came otten to the feast, and to praise and kiss her. And sometiir.fis lie would send a message before he came, and bid her meet him under a great oak that stood at the Hall gate, and she always did as he bade her. And one night a message was sent, and she went, as was her wont, to rreet biui ; but as she stood under the tree watching for him, one who had beguiled her to the spot with a false messsge smote her with an arrow, and. eho dropped down dead. A jealous woman, had hired the murderer, it was said, and some say the jealous woman became a queen. The lady died, and the Hall was left alone, and moul dered into ruin; but ever since, once in a year, on the anni versary of the day on which she went for the last time to meet.thte ki«g— the lady, all in white, walks, so the legend says, thrice around the tree. And the night is called in our neighbourhood ' White Ladx 'si Night' for no other reason; and Thomas Martin gale, going home late from the Crown and Sceptre, once saw the lady under the tree— so ho said — at least the old folks told the story to the young, and we were bound to believe it. Now, upon White Lady's Night, I, Mark Yardley, sat alone, wondering and thinking. I wanted something that I knew not how to win. It was not gold, nor was it silver, and house and lands and I he wherewithal to live I hoped to win with inv own strong arms ; but what 1 longed tor seemed to flic beyond my reach. Try. as I might, I' never could make sure of it. ' It was a woman's heart. I loved Alice Hunter as no man ever lov-?d woman before, but she'stniled one day and frowned the next: and then, too, she uns above me, and. despised me, very likely. How could I tell hpr what I felt, that she liiight make a mock of me? Yet, if I never told her, all my chance was gone. This While Lady's Night, thinking of the story my grandmother often told me beside the winter fire, 1 went mad, as loveis do, sometimes, nnd I said to mvFelf, ' 1 will go to-cight to the old oak, ard if the White* Lady walks I will seize he robe and ask her to give me the wish of my heart — if I die for it.' One inuRt do something. Those that arc in lave ask old hags to tell their fortunes, and take the settling of leaves in a teacup for prophecy. I knew one who said to utilise! I : ' If the bird flying yonder lights on the apple boughs my love will be happy ; but if it flies to the hedge nil will go wrong ;' and when the little thing folded its wings among iui' iijipic uiusauiiia uoa giciu an ui^ut. Oh, yes, lovers are mad at times. I must, have been then, when I opened my window and dropped from it on the grass, and took my wav toward the mined Hall and the old oak on \\\ hite Ladv^s Night, to ask inv happiness of the White Lady ; but I did it. ' Oh, how well I reincniber ! 'J he moon phone overhead, round and white, and nil was still. The lights went out in the cottsijrcs in the hollow, and the trees stuod black atrainst the bright s=ky. And down upon the night foil, one one after (lie other, 12 strokes ironi the church clock; and 1 know that it was jiiidiiight, huiI die hour fur the \\\ bite Lady to walk, and made all the sjecd 1 could, lest the tlould con'c and go, and 1 nonu the better for her. At last 1 stood before the Hall, and saw the treewith its ? ^ great branci.es spreading far and wide — a tree that was* ' more than 200 years old. they said, and strangely and 1 solemnly through the empty windows of the Hail the moon ? - was shining; and liookedand held my breath, for there, under the great tree, stood indeed a woman's figure. It wore some light garments, and was wrapped and hidden so that I could not see the face, and it moved a little as I came near, and. looking over its shoulder, began to glide away : and I knew that if gossips told the truth, 1 must either win or lose. I sprang forward, grasped ihe flowing robe and held it close ; and I whispered, ior indeed my heart beat so fast that my voice was gone — ' . -. % '' My lady ! my lady ! I have come here to-night to atk you for a gift, and 1 fear you not ; for why should I fear r And you who died for love will be kind to' a lover. Mav I ask? Will you listen, lady?' Then a voice, soft as a young bird's twitter, answered — 'Speak!' Just 'Speak,' nothing more; nor did the face turn toward me. ' ^ -. *' 1 love one dearly, lady,' I said. ' and what I ask is her heart. Can you he'lp nie'r' Again the whisper came, fainter even than before. ' Her name ? How can 1 (ell uuless I know her name 'r' '? It is Alice Hunter,' I said; 'and, oh! she is more dear to me tban my soul.' There was a pause. Then faint and slow the answer came — ' Be bold ; ask her for her heart aud she will give it to you, on the word of the White Lady, Notv go, leave me.' I dropped the white robe. The lady glided away, and I went home as one might walk home in a dream. And the next day 1 almost believed that I had dreamed : almost, but not quite. For I had grown bolder, and that day 1 bid Alice Hunter - of my love, and she did not 6coff at it. We wero married. When I hid been a happy husband for a month we re turned from Boulogne, where we had gone to spend our honeymoon, and gave a party, to which we invited all our -.,.,. old friends and neighbours. iv. lu the. course of the evening the legend of the White ; Lady became a topic- with some, and while listening to tho conversation 1 observed my wif.-'s colour change, and finally saw her leave the room, . Uelieving that ahe had become faint with the heat, I fol lowed in a few moments, and found her siliing on the stairs with a smile lighting up her features. ' 1 feared you were ill,' I said, sitting down iust above her. '? No,' she said, '1 am quite well. I ain glad you fol lowed me, for I have something to tell vou.' '?And 1 have something to tell you.' I said, bending over her— 'something about tho White Lady our friends are discussing.' . 'indeed,' she said, hanging down her head and toying with hor fan. ' Well, tell me your story first, and then 1 will tell you mine.' I told her what I had seen nt the tree, and what the White Lady had promised me; and then 1 asked her for her story, which' she told me in the following words : — 'It was on White Lady's Ninht,' she said, 'that I went down to the old oak lo ask a^iit of (he White Lady, and as 1 stuod waiting, half bopin-r, liii'f fearing to see her, one came over the hill, and I kuew that it was you, and tried to rim away and hide myself, but you caught me by the dress and spoke to me, so that 1 knew you believed me none other than the White Ladv. An! so first I learned that you loved me, and, oh ! I feared that you should see my face; but you did not, and you let mo go 'when you had your promise.' 'And so I was no ghost seer after all,' I said, ' and the White Lady never spoke to me '1 But what was it you went to the old oak to ask of Ihe the f a r ghost that nij?hl, my Alice?'. . Then she turned her soft eyes away from me, and hid her head upon my bosom, and whi.-peiyd— ' That you should love me, Mark, for I already loved you well, and I could not read your heart.' 'Then Uod bless White Lady's Night,' tciid I. And frho answered ' Amen ' as *he rose, and took my at ni to lead her back to our friends.— I'ilitsville Wccklii Herald. 