POETRY. THE ARMADA OFF DEVON. A Sketch for a Poem after Tennytcrie '* Revenge." [By Douglas B. W. Sladen ] "To tea I The Spaniards follow mo 1" So (hooted hi aster Fleming, aa be sprang upon the Hoe, Where Howard and Drake and Frobisher were waiting for the foe, And^lagng the eld English game in the grand old Aj thoogh with foes npon them they had nought to do hot play. Till the foe was on their qnaiter With big fanes agape lor slanghter. Then like hell's incarnate devils Who make blood and fire their revolt, To roar and rend and rive in shreds whoever dared the fray. li. "To seal And fight the Spaniards free 1" Bane balf.a Score of voices; bnt our sturdy Francis Drake Cried, " We will not quit our noble game for any Spaniard's sake. My Lord and Sirs, play rn; We have time enough, I trow, To see who wine this now And afterwards to settle with the Don." III. So tbey finished in foil their game, Ana to day we treasure its fame 'Mid the feats o( light-hearted valour That have won onr England her name; And we pray when it comes on -e more For England to hold her breath. In the straggle of life and death, That men may be many to die With the smiie on the lip and eye, Wbich has made these Armada heroes A proverb the wide world o'er. rv. They played'till their game was done, And tbe Man of Victories won— Our terrible Sir Francis, who bad swept the Spanish main And (conrged the Bing of Spain. A Devon man was he, bnt bred in knightly Kent, Where back through stormy centuries Our England's story went. To the days when men of Dover Fell upon the Norman's train, And drave tbem heltering over To (heir native France again, In the Saint-Confessor's refga. v. A wind rose in the night And roused the storm wave's might, The Spaniard stretched full seven miles in span from ! left to right, And he cried in his pride, "Will these English dare to fight7" VI. The wind blew np from the WeBt, And on the breaker's crest His g'lieons rolled unsteady, And his guns npon the lee DBmped the'r iron lips in the sea. Till the captains were more ready To run for port and anchor than a grim sea-fight to wage; But on their weather gage The little ships oi England came sendding at their ease, For tbey loved the narrow seas. And they dreaded not the storm, Wbich round the Same's dark form Flnug a shroud of misty white Like a ghost in the dead of night. VII. Would the English dare to fight! Does the leopard fear to leap On the monstrous buffalo, As he crashes, huge and slow, Through jungle grasses deep To tome wide rivet sweep, When thirsty noon-hours glow ? Does the bull-dog shun the bull As strong and angeriul As an elephant A-wrath ? Does the eagle flee the path Of tbe swan As it sails superbly on ! Nay. The buffalo shall reel 'Nfath tbe leopard's deadly p&wb; : And the tall swan's back shall feel Tbe eagle's deadly daws; And the stately bulla of Seville Shall make revel Nevermore. For tbe bold torreador. Till. Would tbe English dare to fight 7 Aye, to fight and to attack; And five snips heave into eight Full upon the Spaniard's track. Tbe Admiral of England, And with him ahlm but four. Upon tbe Spaniard's rear-guard Tneir raking broadsides pour, Sendding all along tbe line. " Mother C ary, be it thine To help, thy faithful seivants to lay hands npon these few Who Bring their sides so sorely, bnt whom, once | within their grasp, They conid, like a nettle, clasp And hew them through." IX. Bat tbe virgin they besought To their prayers she heeded nought; And their cannon on their lee Stt'l were choking in the sea ; While their cannon on their weather tnrned their | angry months to biaven And tore tbe air with fruitless pray'r That the infidel might sink beneath their murder laden levin. Bnt the shot from their upturned lips Flew over the EogUsb ships. And the broad backs ot the Spaniards, halls of thirteen bandied tone, As Ihey reeled beneath tbe gale, Caught, like hillsides, all the hail Wbich rained from tbe nimble English guns, x. And they fled. .... For the Spanish Admiral signalled, from his towering "Close np tbe rear," and forthwith all np channel crowded sail, And it chanced that our powder and onr shot began ti fail; So tbey fled. XL Bnt a noble Capitana, as the galleons clashed to gether In the cruel Channel weather, Lost her topmast and her bowsprit, and lay crippled, like a nifght Unhorsed in fight, Entangled in his snrcoat and o'erbnrdened with his plate. And it fell to her to meet The great Sir Francis Crake returning late From chasing Flemish 'merchantmen in convoy of their fleet. XII. "Now yield yon," cried Sir Frauds; bnt the Spaniard answered, *' N&y;, Ton shall grant us terms to-day; For I am Pedro Valdez, and my men be twenty score. All good fighters used to war. And of (hot have goodly store ; And the snapping of a bowsprit and the falling oi a mast Have not made onr cannon dumb. We can welcome all who comet And onr welcomes shall be lusty while they last. Ye shari grant ns terms to day, Or right dearly eliall ye pay." xin. And Sir Frauds answered plainly," I am Blake," And tbe Spaniards yielded tbem for his name's sake, Who had swept the Spanish main Like an island hurricane Since his fighting days began. And who ionpht more lib a devil than a man. XIV. That nigbt the Capitana into Dartmouth safe was brought, The first-fruits of the battle for onr faith and tree dorr. fought, And whoeo of you wand era to the Abbey barn at , Torre May see the gloomy prison where, in brave old days ' of yore, Tbe soldiers and the sailors of the great Armada lay Till men marched them down to Plymouth—as a proof of what I say. 