THE GH05T4bci|j|l Here we are «»# & H said the driver of thn V he pulled upfe SEA I bad been tantalisin,T«X I miles. & A party of five descends I as the wide doors 1 housekeeper, and a I greeted them as wpII ? vj \ 1 4My! how cold 1 young voice, as the eneaWaL I the generous heater! ck? 1 Be- careful, dea question. seal 1 Placing the fair . 'I chair, he said — a great ar 1 rf'hanH yon foolish bov ' 1 tejomder, 4 look after those'nSSi I | hvccommoditios shivering 1 J-mvive commodities werea W 1 i a cniiorv bird, and two rather I j uom Lim ; and the ' foolish I j riierc s a hitchm soaicwaerp Wi t i ! Michael. I | ioliOT," mo, and fetch the E»asJ£ i H I I Proper;;.- installing thaaa 4ar 2'- I 1 tj>« yasgr gentleman made I j through the trids,- | I -rencd, ana wired the I making tneins. ives at home. I 4 A tnfie oleak, this, isn't it;' k I rubbmg his L.-mdb feCre the Sre 't? I take note cf that in tgnmt beefetffifc .1 j gin:-. 1 iu>n"c tee awy tiiM J ' I Aud he looked rxerffiv roiuid J the ; - --y. riae xg, a move mtkk 1 I direction aneactv,' _ sue added, as the W& I keeper appeared with the tea- tray. I 4 Mabel, can't we have mdmas? twl the younger voice. I 4 Muffins r Foi on such short notice, out y on may toast and €£Tg3 ' I 4 1 ou il dLeiichant me with your esona 1 appetuc, - whispered the young imm, and fe | j got a sjauey slap for his painsi I I ' Riding hours and hours on that hanS 1 tram is enoue li to starve anyone,' -pras tkl ready defence ; 'you only came from lira 1 York.' 1 . Mabel and J essie YkntiiroB were oriaj l sisters, the one iiireen years the elder, aaj I mother as wc-il as sister to her idolised dsigt I Her own life romance was a tmried ck I and now s:<e was chiuiv concerned for fe | happiness of the two young persons I there. 1 G eorge B urrett was a c istent cousin, srirs I to be nv.; rried to J essie Winthrop btv& vd:'s 1 time. Tiivv Imd come down to make rdj 1 the villa, which was their favcnriie ka I It stood up, on a wiiidhig river, dose to Is I seashore, and connnauhd a view of a 1 Burromiding cGimtrv for many miles. lim I an iinmon.-e bouse, containing aboatke.pl five rooms, and full of unexpected hi«| I nooks and crannies. It was kept thatonfB furnished, but loeke-d up through the vkaB months. An uncxpcdsd cold waveladiusB the coining of the prospective biiiM pany tl somewhat dreary aifair. I A few happy touches here and is? B transferred the gloom into cheer, and % with renewed animation that they arose fill their repast an, hour later. _ I George was to return to the city net- dijsl but would run down frequently before wedding. Meanwhile, this, their ® B cveninar, passed quickly and agreeably K | all. I The ensuing week was 8 busy cue. whole army of sweepers, _ dusters i and vators were tumea loose in tire viha, S22 good work went on with a will I Michael took charge of a pony pi ton, and the sisters onen drove to the vJ®m shops, two miles swav, where tlis e railroad station was. It wts very however, that Mabel should maLe .uB to the citv, to purchase some indiiF articles, and she arranged her toe George could return with her oa the evening train. p You woa't bo o&oid;, Mabel's fond question, as she ma- long list of purchases. ( Ci,iB 4 Afraid !' echoed the oder. P -what is there to be afraid of r | fectly safe.' . , r Jli| 4 Yes, I know. OuLCiwnt,- leave you.' T % 4 The house is big, said/fb ' haro near neigbb,. .1 Mike, and Elite, andhR- kawr . I'm all right, Mabel aarnng. 4 See that the house is sec dear, aud look for us Mabel's parting mj unctnn, £- and said good-bye. , . , jiae 4 Indade, Miss Jesae, for die after, 4 indade it s not ng ,B yees to be left here aloiie p Jessie ; 4 you don t can jm but wt noises in the tower,5 toEge, an' there's a ghosi piouSlyB Mother defind us I andivatiei' m herself in real terror- 4 A ghost, Katie P ' m W It is only the wind. B & fearfully. You dAmdi. me.uf « tttere'a a tower every jdght fii didn't yeee hear ah>» thfi » 9 1b the town beyaata iaoftW? on. the finger rings purse in the I \- Mtekesniipcriiiiie city) auk Stoatstae; so, after auearly tea Ja to®6 Sherself ioT an hour at the gran& I ' Stoatoher cosy roommthe Lad 1)6611 ae f,W v house was utterly quiet— so ; ;naforofer- gtiiiness became oppressive.; &?£%> re&ed; mth a nerrona L IirL was bent upon routing an . the barn ; and Katie had l2Ssioii to come up and sit with sskedPPer her day's work was done. the yonng girl sat in her bower Jfc #nvnu«» jjjnalj11g a favourite song, oflSoy in thoughts of her approach-. snd. "While deep in her smiling ing®Sthv footstep distinctly sounded I rea/Sdoor. Eaising her head from 0atsi'i3 oi jMishing, she had not &eaec; triu geQgatioil Qf real fear, when time to ®e QOr incb turned, and a head which struck her as dumb as kad appeared and drove the Tfrozm iirent to her head. OT7&S; lastly, the hair black and ? mxsi high, arrow shoulders, the and spare, and a pair of restless I l e-littered swiftly and cunningly r./the room \ ,i said to the horror-smexen girl, _ the door and turning the key; fphad a distinct thought in that IS! &wai; f t5""13?58 JKrdsmpMSs iaa =o xrsrpea door rVhPkPT would not fairly catch in the f¥ \ bit of repairing thus far overlooked ft'yVedfe preparations. 'Don't be. JtiUfid/ he siid' 111 a whisper; &U; M»«i If. wont Jf . V the girl's great grey eyes only nvetted ; n L-res in more lioprieis, helpless terror the apparition: Avery muscle seemed a chair to the open grate, as if I a. 7A"?f0'r,8 rnO.ht "rtriOOI110. 'loi £ee.' -s so- voice, ijfth'y back mo here they may hang me, world bo wrong— all wrong. I did I jofhieidto kill dor, but she would not hold I cfTI I it this lie laugbx-d a blood-curdling laugh, ' ' I -Ithe liorrible tr urh burst upon the t icl'sdazed I jvs. ghe was clone with maniac. All the I fiSsiho had over road rushed to her me- I jtsrr, sad the only clear idea that . she had I ife&e; conviction that she must, if possible, I tnmour Lis vagaries till help came. She was I 2 jjetied, sooilsd darling-, but she had great I Etremrih ci will, and she now called it into I RVjktlOIi. I She hurriedly glanced at. the clock, and I calculated how" bxg it would be before her I ear ones shod! arrive. Alas ! it was just I eight. What, oh, what could she do? Of I vacffi did he speak ? Kill her ? Kill whom ? I fhen he mjnc: \ of the murdered girl darted I into her mind, iiatie had been right, then. I fe vas in truth a murdered girl. "Was I her slayer ? I Suddenly, with a confidential gesture, he I hie her sit down nc-ar him. I 'I'll tell you a l ent ii, 5 he said ; if she had I cdykept still ! But <he screamed and tried I to inn away. I csii't stand noise. It sets. I me uiil. I land- have this blood— this pure, I young, life-giving stream. But she would I KSiisrc-a to me. Poor thing ! It was too I lad, wasn't it J i'V : bpsaic!' I Tnmblrig at th. of her own voice, I 'ieplcommm-L-l ?rsel£ to say — I 'Yes; who wae rkrir' I 'idoathiov,-,' la replied, seriously: ' she I vs KVutiial and frr n, almost as fair as you. I i-'om that accursed -place. I oi cgaransg- a mm of my learning in I iEihoiue. Eu :ha,t was just it; I had I tas new theory, the transfusion of tha. ihey vrs.iii-..a to steal my glory, so I fey loeen ae m. But I outwitted them. I Ittpsdthee, and ran away.' I widly, and took asms jacked a iuuek case of bright new I kvpl icstraiaouis. I wre I needed,' he continued, I 'chuckle, I f.-uuM not attain the sroal ISL5S5 these lv 3.-1 h .3 . ' ' I uf1' i'13 went over them. po- '£_ hifetoury, probe, tourni- I Yiie oolleefion, while I aifcclionately over the tiarp kiiivs. I I1'3 Tron 011» 'I have I tTv-5 'a:i: :7 liiie only thing is to hud I y;V' subiect. I found H "I 173 f--- 1 i i " i I feo would not listen to ; I h-Vd!2,0- — - her !' the girl forced her »' "i'S t-D £«t H I feted1"'' 12 rtn lv?'y word. I had I r' d n ,£ IrilL Then the lad frieb" r::- -1- 1 <-1 hither. But I ':1:d dropped I ;i horn liidiug in I h -pws,rd. ' I tho light Ci' e,,". - vv. u, ; and. now, my <t? , 0'.,ixniydr I h'-au I tVA' fjUju t c;.t — fe.-fev- very still terTCJ"- lvd blood from your luroit.' I IU-t rPil mY throat ?' evb5 W-V 1:3 ft 8 I h.; ! ..V".0 ,1-5i-a r. c v;-ry little i t. > .)iu of i- f - . . . fedVs'.b. f- A"'" lV'"L a-Douc- it. Ssori"C'; cr,n A hfed the glorious of Pfr? rw!; v Ii0 01Jl2d. ith H "lEto bv A4"1 J-z be . trans- vs'a vein?» ;hav I, too, maybe |WUe Li':roa't Y could not sing any I Wep-f!d J011 ni?. 'Twould be a aAfeia r TU n'h';t 1 I'll I tr A &ilii; kul bake a small bit. iay erei' A0 TlCrT'ros centres. Then HvY- Listen „rausf scientihe dis- 5<y.veI > 10 r I do not mean to 'Cof train ! VUJi0T;her. It i5 the trans - "ridei4 '1' 0T£ier Dean's head got on ' v,hdi thb''i:via5 hrahi is all wrong. charged in my uncfM actTe brain absorbed j ru fi-d the H, not have lived in ' T3; j , HbVtted Sile hear aright? once to j physician, who insisted "What should jr0S " Merciful God ! hevratciea n0t Bhie darw? eat-like vigilance. hfened ? Miihe other a Phe5Tressin heeontinued— l«oao Sh f "topto the hes to «to ra Wa toj.toya of study L7toM St-..Como. child, are you pin nrick i J?U' 0l% a httle fdeiri Pam 1 at hurt Ohstef 8?OBlaiei bleed to death! v d JOU, h? What do youre- vo£aLS?\\. - PaIlid hps, and a voice that strove m vain to be steady. coolv11 handerehief and a basin,' he said, eooiy. You are not afraid? Good girl « Now for my crowning victory !' srticlot? she procured the f1! bar?4 her round white arm. Skilfuily he bouna it, and tenderly made the aS ?he Yelt the warm crimson tide trickle down she gave one feeble gasp, and knew no more. 'G-et on as fast as you can, driver,' said George Barrett, as he and Mabel took seats in tue viLage stage. Then, turning to his companion, he said in reassuring tones, Dont be frightened, dear; she is aH 'I hnow it is foolish,' said Mabel, but those wretched placards made me nervous and all that talk about escaped murderers hui ' d aia shnst beside myself. Do As the wide portals of Crestdale appeared, Mabel cried, in sudden terror — ' Soeihing is wrong, George. See how aim tue lights are I She would be here to welcome us, I know.' With the fieehiess bom of anxiety Mabel ran into the hall, and upstairs to her sister's apartment. George felt impelled to follow, and reached the door just, as„ a , .shrill scream sounded fx-oni the rooini ' Yth oiie sfcridehe entered. 4 My God !' he exclaimed, and fell on his knees beside the bed, for there, bound hand and foot, lay the pale, still form of Jessie VV inthrop, and on the door was a basin of blood. Mabel clung to her sister, wildly imploring her to speak to her. Recovering his presence of mind, the young man hastily unbound the silken cords from the delicate wrists and ankies, and bent in anguish over the white face. Eagerly he noted a faint quiver of the eyelids, when a figure bounded from behind the heavy portiere, which, loosened from its cords, had fallen from the door, sod sprang from the room, intercepting Michael, who was entering the door with a parcel. The man gave a yell of horror, and in stantly the house was in an uproar. 1 See to her, Mabel 1 ' shouted George, as he darted in frantic pursuit. But the man. had utterly disappeared in the din. Katie, who had been napping in the Mtehen, now added her screams to the uproar, and a furiour ringing at the bell sounded long and loud. The latter pro ceeded from a party of men who were in pursuit of a man whose face had been seen at the tower window at Crestdale ; whether the escaped lunatic from the State asylum or the escaped murderer for whom there was a large reward offered remained to be proved. The search that was instituted soon un earthed the victim, who dashed out upon the roof, and rather than bs captured threw him self from the tower. His mangled remains were removed amid the horror and excite ment of the assembled crowd below. All night the anxious watchers hung over the prostrated girl, gathering her story, bit by bit. It was supposed that the maniac had bound her for the final and fatal opera tion he had gloried in, when the sound of their arrival frightened him away. Tor days Jessie "Winthrop was ill from the, terrible shock. The wedding was utterly quiet, but George refused to have it deferred. It was months before the stricken bride would consent to live at Crestdale, and years must elapse before she can refer with com posure to. Katie's raurtherin' ghost. USS>B3C3SWaKCSSKaVfiS3BHBSMSSS 