.-K -I?'E." .7-'.'.-" DB GEORGE MANVILLE FENN, . SAuthor at "The Master of the Ceremonies," " The Pamon o' Dumford," Etc. BOOK In. CHAPTER L. (Cor.nwE.) Shereeled and would have fallen but for Margery's strong arme, but she was quite insensible when they reached her room. Meanwhile, Jack Thompson paced up and down in the larrracks, with his aludow growing longer as he receded from the lamp, andl becoming shorter a he napproached it itgain, till it became that of a pigmy, a mere blotch about his feet, when he passed tu?ids the lamp above the entry, amdbegan once more to increase the end of his beat in the other direitfon; which he had just rCuerhed, when: ho observed two dark figires rising apparently out of the obscurity, " What ! you're back again Il" ho eried. But'it was ai different voice whiclh ex. claimed : . " Irish !"• '" Why, Chip Tarn, I thought yonu were ill a-bed." " I have been, but I was obligod to get up, I couldn't lie there with a mate in such trouble as poor IRob Black'e." " This is hard on a mine and no mistakte," muttered Jack. Tlhenaloud : " Well, what is it l" " Don't make a noise, Jack. " " Now, look here, Chip Tran, yon ought to know better than to come here," said Jack, in an ill-used way. " And who's that girl ?" It's me, Jack Thompson," said Nelly, in apiteous voice. 'l) " Don tcold him, plase. IIe wouldn't for over so long, but when I said I'd come alone if hle didn't, lie ilrno with rle." '" Whiat for 1" said Jack, ronughly. " Only to ask you to let ici we hiii for a few millnutes." " hLave you IaL s "o rp 1L ias 1 No,' cried Nelly. "Whu'd give nml it pass ? Let us go in, please," ,. Chip, my lad," said Jack, .reproalch filly, " this is cruel to everybody, and you ongltn't to have done it. No, Iny.lass," he contintued to Neuly, 1' it can't be doneand you know it." " But only for a miutte, MJr. Thoitp'on. Pray-pray do."' Chip sighed bitterly as lie stood ai few stepls aside, I cnl't, ray gal, I can't." N" ot if I'm with her, Jack Tholpsonp " said Chip, hoarsely. " No, not if you're with her. Why, con found you for a reckless -young seoundrel, you uglht to know latter: thatn o ttlempt i mnate iaway fron his ditty." "' But you will let mne go," l.ried Nelly, piteously. Jack placed his carbine ieross hli branst. once mnore, and then utteriela sigh of relief, for there was the distant trlulm of feet heard. "Sergeant Slack with the relief," IHesirid, abruptly. Thle maneue of the nou- conmmit?sioned officer acted like magicn on Nelly, who turned anuc fled, away into the tburlaiess, leaving Chip with the sentr4y. " Who will relieve you ?" he said. "Don't know, my hid, so I can't ity," criedJack 'J'honpson, shortly. " There, I ldon't wtant to be huart, iand I know what a id?al you thought of the poor chapl, though yn thalways had it hard word for hunm lately ; srut ollicers can't afford to be soft, my boy, not even when they goes to ai ftneral. So it will be to-morrow after the volleys airo fired?. PooriRob Black will be covered over, iaiil theni we Iaust go on ts before and Hullo I the poor boy ihas gonei." 'Two uniuutes later Jack T'iolmlpsoi wasi relieved, iand the stepsof the sergeant alnd his mnen liad hlinlly died asra?y wllhen the trumpeter name fiorvard out of thle Lairkuess atn? strove by every nuitvtetiuti-bhribery. •eajolery, and threats-to obtain numinsiiuon to wheree Itob hlack r?lt waitilng for the morning which was tol be his last. lBut the efforts were all thirow\vnu riisa. litl iafter pacing the lteu?nsek yardl the night tiroughli, anid sceinin?g to forgetd there was sciuh ai thilng Ls fatilgue, Clhipl 'tUrn strle iork toi quarters just beforo tbuillrealk, nud, IIi helard, crcpt back to the ?nck bsl, butit'wlh fever lmouantinhg higher in the bruiln,. and it dilsposition to lhgini Initteriung in IL way thalt ivould leaveo s"atled any one who coild lharve : helil. CII.LPTEII LI. Ix . nlEA.R. A dunll, cold, leadeu-grey lmorninLg, wit.h the birtds which appeare here aeItdl there hlopping 'iabolit disconrohltely, tiid giving tlemiselves flutttering hlllke to get ril of thie moiosture which "hld fallen during the dlaw1n.' Rob hind slept little durinbg tire night, urnd nrninug haild found hin sealted illupi tle edge ofthoe rlullgh ile, glzirig lit tile faint grey light. wslillh slowly iilled his ccll. Ille littuernirng uponi ti earth which haldl had few elharnis for him. Hle hald imuyiS , and as lihe had prnyedl he had wondered why he shouild have reen born to so much misery and dlespair. Ife hald seen others hlappy and joyt.s, but Iris life seermed to him to Ilrve beel not only ircutric to hriamself but to all lie en countered, and weith a bitter laughl he told himself that it was better that he should die. Surppose Ihis pluns hail stIeceeded, and lie had escaped with Hi!ldi, what would it have meant 1 "Poverty and degradautio forhler, to satisfy his selfish love. It was better its it was. IIHe was to dcli, anrd the sooner he died the sooner he would be at rest. Theu chaplain had been to hilt againii and again, and spoken lovingly arnd kindly to him of repentance, and he had looked at him with wondering eyes, for le could only feel it senastion of dclight when he thought of the crime for which il was to suffer.. tie hlad beaten Miller still his enemy coulld hardly crawl, and after his own sufferilgs ? t his rival's hands, repentrbnce. for his crime would not find it place' in his breast, so that the chaplain found no home there, but came away sad and discoomfited . .''hero s.rr bit eoa regret' inRb's'breitat andthaitwnas ntiprting with so mary ai fellows' in thie regiment, lwhere Iis enemicS. could be numbered upon the.firgerl of one hand. Andthein therm wais poor oldDiek, the faithful, true companion, who har implored him nagin and again for permission to send for D)'A?lton, but only to irceive stern refuirrls and cornmantds tlrhat he should hold his peoce. f Wry should tyhey lkow, Dick l" said Rob, laying his hand kiudly on the faithful fellow's rhorlder. . " -My mother eared very little for rit, anrd it world only makeo her nirilehile, while my father would bitterly feel tlie disgraeo of his son being shot for a deserter andt ohi whlro hlad struck his superior officer." i iBaithle cnuld do something, sir, to rsave yotrr lifeL," Dick plearded again, without avaiUl, nld at nlast hIe had to leave thIe prisoner alone. And now the iornring had comoe--tlnhat dull, leaden rlornring--anid Rolb alid bittorly to hhimself that it wns far betti~r to say good-ye to the world ait ro tilno like tlls, than when all was bright rundilkerfulf and everything bade rhi live and lov. • It was arll ove,r and nothing wil left for hlirn to do hut forgrt Irlua--evey thing-and let Miller see that hIe coltd die lihko a soldier. At last, raftoer hat osemed anr inteninaiblo tine, there w.s the tro mp tm , tnnrp of tihe iartrl,-lnur he wat to be marled out to Itis No: tihe men ':ere halted, and .it was rmerely the clhango of sontrico. Tie order was given, thr steps died away and a haivy plic echoed ini tho jlltsianro outshld thi prison "rptl i'rti|" Thero wis a sharpD bilhmt sound, brlt Rob hardly lhocrdet antid it wna repsanteil. "Potl Il'rtl 11dhBlack! " r " Who's thero'" iuld Rob, moving toward theo door, for thesm-?a thie fintihrel in hiis SI'iublhed by pedlpec artanolemnt with the authsr. , e Ito. 31c -ty lwam kuOullm.,~ *codlFy. ' .. : , * - i , i,. ; .l . . 10. S"'Cmo eloorto the window, lad, orl shual be heard." . : ob moved neaerm a ruenested, but il a, dull' indifferent way for he :wai mentally stunnedi and aaked or nothing better thnl to bo allowed to Afih 'hi lInst moments in peace. " "I only wanted to ay a'few worda , my lad," MiTid Jak. ,', You and me never hit it off very well together, becanau I was a thick headed fool,-and took fancies again you. But they're all gone now, ind I wanuste to ryy God blcm you,y la nd how rry. I am, and thnt's what every la in the regi munttflr.".- - " Thank you," Jack, thank you," said Hob, calmly. ' . " d o'vo talked it over and over, my lad, and"we'remost ready,, to mutiny, only we haven't got no heaid., '" Hush, man, hush I" "No, no, it arn't a thing to be husled, and the men fool it bitterly." "No,'no; B yno1mor. I wait tried nlid condemned.. Tell meiwhere Dick is. Why ldotw lie not eome to say g ool-by l"h ' Dick, my .lad? 'W Haven't 'they told. Told me what?" cried Rob, for the first time growing excited. "'Botut hlim being, ill, il y lid. IBroke down abunt y6i; and it's brain fever, they say." " " . ' "Poor old Dick I' muttered Rob. " I saw Mother Dann hint night when lhe cano home to ase young Chtip lts i' ill in bed too." "Chip Turn ill ?" "Alh, very bad, and talks wild, .Danl saysi and he's been tmuch put albout S:alise lie nas to sit with hini instead of going to tlih cauteen. And"Mother Dann says if there isn't a chlango' oon he won't get over it." S"Her boy I" "No, my lad, poor Dick White, andl him Iriavina about thl shooting and-- What a1. fool 1 am," he said, giving himself a slap across te nmouth. " ub Black, niy lad !" " Therlto wa no answer fnlm the cell,. anld Jack Thompson wiaited a1 few tuinutes and tlhn his voice inme again. "Rol,-obb Bladek!" Still no ieaswer,'for Rob was seatetl iIulan his trucklu bet with his face down on hisi hansi, weeping bitterly for the ially friend hle scemed to have ltha through hia boyiIsh days. Tlie Imce of the sentry anud tlh clank of lil spars began again and then cuised, alnd tlhe big bluf fellow's voico arose. ".IRob, my lad, I'd hatlr work to get in sentry again, and I did it o as to isy good byo to you. CGt you hear tle, lid I" Rhob was still too miuch stlinned by this last news to reply, and .Tack 'J'lhotiipson ajidl adftly:- " *" I'm tlrsting to it that you can hlear ile, mly lad, and I'll cay it out loutl for self :Ila comlinltde. Good-jbye aind Gtio ble.s you !" o Itb headn the valedictory wurds, bltt hli cculd not spcak. IIe waved ono hansd an if it could le seen, and then sat llotionlesC till there were stecp once nioro inside the lilittary I prisoln. I What followed seemned to lie part of'a I 'dream. " ' . "'I knsew that oe was otfered food, and ' that the chaplain came and pntynl with him, but lie was stuntied, and scenied hardly to I hear t word. IHe answered mochlnitlly to Ull that was said, and when att lI?t te chap lain shook lhands witl him tlie statre at i ihi i -wonderiingly. " Good-bye, Black." i " iood-byo, sir? Are youl goilg Iway.'" "IMy poor boy," cried the chaplain, in I ( choking voice, "haive all my worLs been t tlunwn away? .Do you not realise. what is about to take lphlacel" "To take plac'ce Oh, yes. It. seeis to have p)sstd asway, sir. Ic. I ati to lie 1 shot. lWell, sir, 1 am ready." IIo dreaw himself ulp Htitfly, tiand at that imoment there tas a sharp tratlp of Ianned I litn, short orders, the grounding of carbitne, 1 Inid the bolts were onie imore slot lack fr .Sergt'eatt O'Rourke and a squad to enter the cell. T'lelo drcluninlles Iain it tcvrl the prisoner once oiiul1", nitd it was as if tllrogh IL IIllst tliat lie aw tlie red face of tlhe ergeant, F blotclhed andt tottledwilth white, and lii eyes 1 looking awulln and htranfie. t Then, still a1s if in ta ilreain, lie took li ti place whllenl oiler6 d andi was mIllanhled out ila t lin cold grey light, to fild the regimentt dintwn up ol parade, formilng three sides of t ai 7tit.are. . Ils irst glailrnt was at the toltnel's llollse, where the blinds were all hdfawn down, and I in a tonfused wonuderitng way he askead hin .elf who was dead. A samile catwi l his pale face directly, ia lie realised that it wiM a token of respect fur hil.ii or of sorrow for his death. I is next glance wisa at the Inrracks, and thetln back at the colonel's house, to tee a I blind drawn aside and ii rash slightly opened, a and ass ie ganized there wildly lie saw tlat thel conservatory window, through which lie c lad pasced that nigylt WHas aiRo open, nad it t laIruglut up a flooil of thoughts. "Poor Clip Tuara " lie said to himself, . "but he was ttatninh after all." Still ual dreamy, and he wonlered at his t want of drmAdul as hel found that he was pliced c in the centre of a group of men drawn inp ready. I I front were the provost marshall and escortof four men ; next the band; and after a short spaco he knew that he was standiing in the rear, with the chaplain at his side and I a guard on uither hand. 1 Behind him camo Sergeant Slack, and the t rear was brought up by a party of a dozen 1 men whom lie know to be the firing party, deputed to end his life. And yet it did not seom to be his life thant was to be brought to an end. IIreonuld not realise all this, but with thle utter'abscce of I dread which oomei to one whose nerves are i stutned us it were by the near approach of death, he felt that he was taking part.in 1 rome dramatic show. He iheard the orders given, and the first 1 strains of the hband thrilled him with I strange shudder as 'h realised they weSru playing the "DoudlMarhl" 'from Saul, thu t weirdly mournful straini cchioilng front the ,distant' bnildings; its 'lit slow tilno the I proocsion moved on. i As the prooesdon moved on a low hissing t sound roms frost the r?u iks, as if the men t 'weroe: drawing.their ,bretth hard,: and moro I Sthan onco:a'ealow, murmianing arose,' n. ono « comrade spoke to' anotaherwithout turning c Ila head or seeming to move his lips. ,- [. ' So strango and yet: 'real :the strmintsnof i 'the band, thie ceboei'firon'tlho ei allt of the 'barrack Inildits and dstablitig, the mnlrmnitrs 1 of the men; all striking strangely luplon tlhe a keen senses of tl prisoner,. who heard' and ciaw overytling, and still witli'th' 0 peouliar. dreamny ennatiuon ntaintiniagi itself so that it iappeared to' be all, in conuecetion another man. ' , ' " Onceo and mnco otlydid tho: terrible ceno I seem real to the prisoner, and that was whent the chaplain, walling'onlhis right, began to 1 repent the service for tho dead. t Rob had once stopped by a country church t to witness a funcnil,' and lied reverently followed, after tho clergynun luul been down to the lyehgatto nret tho coffin. And now this seemed to be theo same, only that there .was no cofefli visible; and yet the cliaplain 1 spoke on the various oMfltes for the dead. SWith a slow, formnlity that was appalling a the procession completed iti marchl along t each sidu'of the square, as if tho authorities I who phlnned thle formality of a rcoart-martial hadl deternitued tlhat everytldng should be of a inatmr to imrpnss thao nlpetators, and awo n every tarbulent spirit int the forces, so tlhat heIo might eiitte lonbg before Ihe attempted thie I crime for whlstich his comrade was to suffer. By a renliemcnt of cruelty .peoodiar to t theso proecodinhgs the prisoner was halted hy the open grave dug ready to receive 's t renmiius, and eloauo to the dbdgo of whici lIay' I the rough cofli . . Thler wai no, tremor visible, no look of dronad' in' Rob's ticoe a he gazed for it moment at the terriblo propuratioen befotre fairing rond to linton to thoe next proceelditnga Int due fo'rm one of the officerd 'road 'tlhe' 1 account of tlio 'botirt-marttal with' the primnoer'i crimnso'id sentence. ' ' ' 1 Tho'proe'edlnia 'werre-ead in a loud ;ica; h ' and iiftlhe midst of tho psinaul huh the hlst woliP.lCdied outa the -scntcfne wai nmand, thiflc a''ti dfe thidif"i; ld hu stood'gut at thol prisoner, who loife Mcuned naome ' "" "" * ,' ' . For what alnd I to live for 1 he askle him .clf. This was i iy the last s?eno in ian unhappy life: and t- sooner it was over the better now.. Thle procedings Eseuted endles, conso (luncit' t po the flow formality observed: but f'r all that they niamced rapidly, luid im taother ninunto the.p woat-murtial had taken :chiste of the doomed'm ui, 'and'plaed him close to the edge of the nLrve. :Thle rioner now looked sharply round, fully oservannt of what was takidn place, and him eyes lit upon the stern countecaneco of the colonel, then upon those of the variorn (niicert with whom he hain most been brought in rentailt. Suddtenly' hoe encountered 'the eyes of Captain 3iller gazing at him with a strangely eager oolc of hate and tstirfaction that could not'be misinterpreted. The two- men lckel full in 'eclh'otler'rH eres for a time, ditant as they were, and thten Iloh turnel his aelmly asway and watched the chaplain and escort fall lack, while I quick movement in answer :to a hoarso onrer sccriaei to awakei him for' molmntct to the fact UIat the party'which had marclheld behind him, in the procesion' about the qinare were taking ap 1)11 -ition in front. ' '.Clo iring party," lie said to 'hiluslf; ilui the n6te?f of the bund in the solemn Hpirit- stii'ing nmrch sReemod to be onec mnore thrilling hit' through. and thnrogh, while the deep roll of thiu drmnls stt a shudder through hi' frame.i R'ob's eyes sou"ght 'Miller's' lntin, mid as hit gazed at hint, Ipst the firi ng party, now going. through tlie dreadful pnrlininiariue with the precision Of disciplined lmenc, ie forgot tile cuingif end to thinkc of ililda. She will never nluTry you," he .aitl, n)ftly. "I it .spatred Hl t bitterne,-, and this is no time for hate." .THe forced himself to gaze away from his enlcmv. ind onle tollre his eosa wandered roeiun in mearch of that whiclh ws inot on the wiay--the reprieve. Then the quiek rattle of Inris brought hiti t back to thilt lwhich he had to fnce, ainld 11i se?ianned tlhe alhy roillttenallies Of tile meni drawnu ip in double riantk. Irih I • A thrill of joy nma through his breast,. and tihe shttnnled s'usatlion se?,n'ed to stes. ):H "sty. like a loauld. IIe was too younib, after atll, tb die---anu he woull live. Th''lt solalthling whlite-which lie had wcln for ia iiolUenlt inl tie iergeiut's Iilllld evnt in tile hltand of the nmail wlho lad been itnle of Ilis ollst bitter enemi,.ni. Fate iad irdiaind Ihal, lite wit, to lbe the ieavlr of the I reprieve. Yes: he did not want to die! JTe nltl,-- lie wo6lld live, ad his life-blood secmncd to slurge wildly thiroogih his veiN at the sight of that white paper the hergcantt liad dis InY theo inidh.t of his ivtliMin iof feelilg, Itob could' hardly keep doavn a .-nlile it wliat setClled to lO Ilt 11i Ilervy. :'Tlhey have kept llme oin tlh hooks ,If misp?lnsu to (ite last nioniiet, evein lto Inkinlig this . theatrietll dilsitay of nioHlt anid grave," lie said to hnneiiilf : "nild now', on t flit brilnl, I aml' to be snntchted lin:k I" A cnrionus sensation of giddinlc' hunta over *hhin, iand lo felt ihe wsi about to full. IUy a11 effort of de.tlerinaltioi hlie i?envered hlillself so that lhe should not b) seen to t hllow the whito feather befoen his comrades, I and Il .stood erect, gazing at the sergeant; ' anld tihe onco 1lor1e lle greLw fixedl iud1 htonly, fitwo to fitlec witl deutlh, for it was a miockingii illisionll of his bliainl--i straw of Ihope lit wlielicl e had tried to miattteh ls lie wnas driftiing fiat away upon th1 e great flord-tidel tliat wac to bear himn to eternity. 1 " God lilp lne," ie wispered to himselcf, "to dit is Ida ltrve lian shi)ltld." Andi lie gazed oline more lit thle white palper tile sergeCant deliberately nlifolld ed No. .t wa. not a papler, lnbut it wlito hlindkerh'lief being ihfolded ready to bind hi: eyes. CIIAPTEl'.lt IATI. DIlCK irS A lADn Xslillr. "If I wasmtnl't, r t n. clvard-if I wasn't sii llt cowtar'd !" crieod Dick Sogdel, is heli paced lip and down llis rooml. "'Inowmany u timons hlavo I 1seetnel to cu it all,-hauntilng ile- l-ullnlting ie "'l Tly Ny thero's ghosts and the spirits of iimurnlred lment lis?l sginst them as kill thc,11 : 1nd it's just as if hle wail alwiay. cmilling to mie. S" It wasn't int?rdclr. I was 0on2ly lltigtiig fir lilberty. And I've -ermned to sc Mitiil ever winc?, and it has hvin as if I hadlniver had il hanlpy hoir aal 1 lIe veors. "That I''vesu 'rullv-wllnt I'Tesuiffredul And I'm siich ita oward, or I slhould g and spoIk out and save hliln. No, no. no, I.1 aIn't. 'They wouldn't ~ believea wnnl of it. They'd sy 'I was mud,t and if they did Ilileve it-All !" IrLe wrii hils land. and the gr:at - drops of Aswet gafliered onl hiis blrow its Ihu ,nt-t tcred in a linroh, anlgry, viwhisper : " Atnd wlio 'woldln t Ioi a rowa,'rd . Is it .lch anil easythingt to) be huilng? O4h, thei tilatvi I'veu soul it all-t-le ounstabltes and t ttle hlnidtl:ill-lthe mangistrato end thl evidenco--aud tlhen tlh trial, tand the judge speaking low and sole:in and sentencing ime to denth. c " If I wasnl't ih a covward ? "Poor Master Rlob. And hlitiso tnreand Irave and staunchl. Suclh i lad as he is. I'llgo !, 'll tell everything, It'll save hin, and I'd better h hung than hold my togueg when a word would keep him from beiug shot. S" No; that devil would say it was all a lie ; and then ho'd hunt me down. and I Fbolnd be li-g-hunlg by the neck till I was denid. And I swore I'd bl trio to him, and ' keep it all t scret. I swore I would. What didl I ay?" t IIo slhddered as lio presed hil iands to liii burning brow and gazed wildly round. " I don't know now. It sccnm all gone, but I swore it, nnd I've kept my oath. " But I didn't know it would -colme to this, and it's too orriblorribl-to rrible for alman to liear.",* He Htopped ,hborI close to the wall, with his head bent fonrwar nud eyes staring as if he were gazing into space, lhi lips mioving the whilo, aid lit tilces they were tihe rmut terings of idlliritun. And then hit soeiced to be struggling ,hard to collect lilsclf,' and shook hisnh b l and palssed hi.s hands over his cyes again and , nKgil to sweep laway the. ' ilfhanin.montnil '. miist whlich coiifnutcila hu intellect. :- ': '" Can'tthinl-rcnu't semn to think'learly," he mnltteic angrily. "Thintiig get mixed lup altog'cther." , • . SInstood gazing strtight lit tile .wall ngaiin, and. lie Iniurt out now in a fierce denunciatory way. " Ye, I will," lio crid, " I . dare tell everythling. le's a brave, true, noble fellow, and you've Imltc a curse to him. Yes, yoa. A brute.. I've seCe yon lashhirn 1 like wa dog, as you'vo laslhed me witli your 1 tongue. Like a dog--treated mle like a dog- 1 treatedus alllike dogs. But I'vlekept my word. I swore I'd do everything you said, andil've done it, Al!" Ho rushed to thieu ide of the room, poured out siom water quicldy, iand hbntdown to I bathe his brow." " Seems to clear ono, like," hel muttercd,. as lie hold the towel to his fitace. " 1 ean think now, anid there isn't that black cloud' - pressing down upon a mnnn's hieiid." He begani to paco the room tlgnitn. "If Ionily, dared spoak-if I only dared. spcak ' heIo gbraned, as hlie mink down in a sitting position on thu edge of his bed, and. began to.rock himself to ltnid fro. " What did hle say ? TIhat so unro as thero was a God labove hlo'd denolnco rime and leave no ntonointturped to send me to the gtallows-onnd he would--Ile would--. ind I'm aL coward, a milieernblu cward. I. alwnys wIas.. " Nver mlnd, 3tIiattr Iloh, hld," aId he elspolit a light, half-piteonas way, na if the perion nddressed wero ptriontl-" its only a shortnnd a i sharp. sting. You'ro a soldler, and it'a what lih minight expect snolne timle or I other. Yol? gave It lila. well, and clan. feel Ilrapyabout thi t d d. I can,'tell yoa oo thinf', hid, muuholder nes I anm, that life ain't worth having ; t's been too almost a - cursc. Butter uut of it, any 1ail, nild go 6f He bent forward and sriciln as tho vacanS look. rin hi fa'o increasci. "Why don't goant of it I Why don'S I ten thotruth I Ilfh 11 That's'it. Iti such a coward, mylalildsch li coward. A daren't speoik,, not oven to give youl youl own. Al, it's wcary -woir' lua wh yon've got tolucthui . ll iko 'thi-' lon''your m?ind. Sleoping or wii g, it',s ia oayt there. Ti ·. Cyeiy:loohlng it yo1, and tolling yoll that yoru killld him. "IPvo coion lum- pointitg' lots of' times to ai hiwdl on; a. darlk morniag, anil when I lookId there was something Iwmhiinam to and fro above the crowd,aniTI daren't look any monr, and "theniho hl as seemed .to laluglh nil jeer. at ne, no' it h 'wiat pleatix tllht I sholod Ii punished nnd :suffer ns .I oI)iik ,leaped lip with an' at-gry .cry, airl looked wildly rounid asho e plreld hiis br. '* 'Tainl' drk,".ho mnuttered thlicldy. "I havenl't toichd at drop, hut It'sjiasEliko'it was timt time after the whiskey. SecRnsmll real-likm, and iwif' ,wh1t tlIhng tohim. Seems to be sitting ther'and looking at me with thos(e brlght eyes of his ansd asking me- to msav hin. Said .ho owas so youog and didn't want to die like that. " ltoor led,'' he aLid, aft'rapauiso; l'tWiy should ho when' tlhe:'s: only me in thie way ' I willspeak. .ll gottoliftidlonclantd tellhina nll the truthi, if'- can- onily kcop ly lih?d andl remcmber whatl I "wiant tto msay, blt it kcIeo goaig fronm ile. 'Seeins like iWalking straight to the iallows; null they'it try nme naid hang me Mir it. -.What of tlihat -Itwould bo the saviil of us true a linl'las ever stepped andit 'would. make :Lthro toll people happy- two who never dbidl t11 lonar. Im.i tel0 them. I'll iako t ;licap Ilralst beform l'i too late, anil lhforti he con?. . " o. lno. Ir .nitiit," groiinel thle nnhappy mnin wilily. ii.l ill stood pointing l1form hlim. " Ai yUl! :: I say I"will, ho Lsems to be lying ontt thlnrein tlhe ;copos, among tho et leaves anl dlrippiiig grass, and hcl'opw hi ey' intd lS ti 'alt inoi. noil--there hl is ng9inll. Don't.-- on' ---don't, mister-mdoii't look ait ile liki" tli:i. It was anaccident--tho glun wenit ol' in tha titmsle.' Dick sanl ilktron Ili kineera nal stretcelid out his lihandils a? liu ghzed into vilacany. " I couldn't -lp it-yoa ow couldn't lAlp'it, and that II minir tive ,cit of,my right hand tiUn pulled the trigger. Doh't look at ate like t:at. Ilelpi-hlp I What shall I do I" Thie wri?tellcd man ianin daiwn from where ie hlial.vist limnelf upon his kneeo and lay grovelling upilu the, flour. ."It isni'that I'm afinid to ldi.. I've sufferoed so mucih tlhatmy lt1'f has een a hell upon earth, but il.' that--it's thrit. Heo' alwnays there, .-seeming asi iM he'd drag me doinl-:drlag nil dlowt, iiltd I darecn't-I daren't fu'e thit. It in too territle'to bear. " What sill I do? ILet that hearv, young fellow die, ospa'.k the truth ? " No, I 'dare not. Wllhn he comes he'll t.llSirlPilip, ndt it will all boe top d. iHow long.will it lie billoro lhe coirs I Til letters nllust. r'ilach him, :rud l've Fcnt tlilhm.botl, in spite of ail lit 'i. Poor lad--pooir hid !" Dick it lint rus, fromln where ho lay with thel iltntiton if going to Sir lliilp' room, waking hiim aind nlikin ia ftll cotifession of hi silnn: t lint ai Hoo1 il Tic reachearl the door, it seemed lto himn in ll ov.r-excitcl itaito tliat lthe ilnrdrced iunrkcoaiir trod nlin his way, threlitihenilng liiin Vwitih exCinied hand, atl lie shrank lbak withl a will cry, to cast him4elf, writhling in at ony, lulon the hlid. A few' words' biasvoly H iolhen would have cllauned the current, of ovlent; anld icharlii ?ogdln foughti hard to spelak tlios words. Iour Isccecede hour with ildeteminnfion to ant coming and roming lgainl nad again; but it wilq alwo'ay tho cl0me 11t thli wild itof deliritint inareaa-cd. ' Tlhro stood by liim.the figure of Ioh, despairuilgly plealing thlit lie would save hin life, and on the otlir hand, like somi mnrclhing licand, tli form of the dead keeper Mtnalingtl il his wa??y to drive hiim bkick. . . " It's so that I than't do aight tt t inlhhit tellfornilihy- and-lbye," groanedDick. "It'* -- to make sr-m of m~e when I'm trying to da right. 3If-ter Rob, lad, I wint to s4avo'jou. I'm ready to lie so thatyouinaylive, nbut it's too lato--too lato now. Look Mhre," and lIm paused, no hle psinted Ftraighlt before; " lIo't stoppinl me-lho won't le nlao go past him, andi it's letoo lute." CIL.?ATER LTII. naroTr 8 o'rr.loN. Dick Sogdcn .was notL tIl only sleepless one in that liouae. The?. hlonm pnaied ?lowils on, and Sir Philip opl nlay thinking and jealously care ful not to inIo, litit lihe uhliold casls Lady Caopc to speak. * 'or hI was rcou. 'incd !th;t HtIO wasi awvake. Over ild isver again ia :notlierd sighl hil -esalapId her lil.p, anml t!her Il a'.dul en a fiini nlovemlent m .-i ai i handkerchief wero passed to two weepilng ieye.s. " " I'd givri' ailitliuun[" tlio:lhtthi e inolo llal, " to s'ave limn, It catliltot be. W'hat's that ?" Iclite lintenel att. ltivly; for lie faicied tlhat lie hlirlnd a -onndl in tih ltlC tu, lut it wan ndt r ip.lttd, and In, liy thinlking latiiti for a tille. Tlient thltre was anothl'" ?;iund na of i loutl ery, samotlhrecd hy p1:i'u-ing through wall and. door, and. glld of tho opportunity for changing tlhe r.e:uTnt of M4hi thought- , Sir Plilip hastily ri-ce and-liegan to drem. lio left lis plio vary quietly, but h han proof positive directly that Iidy' Copo was awake. "Ia anything wrong', Adear?" she sdW soItly. "Are you ils' Can I 'fetch yba anyting" . , "II? No, no," ho sail, hastily "DoOC. be alarmed." " What is it I" she cricd, excitedly. "'A messenger from town ?"' , ' "No, no," le said angrinly, ns'ho ersp tel bent of her thougltH, and it exa=perne3o him. "I thouglht I lhard a nioiso dows stairs."; "" "A noiso?" " Ye. Lio still. It may bo nothing, bat I'll go and speak to White." . ."Thero is something wrong,", 'ild TLad Cope, excitedly; for at that moment there was a quick tap at tlo door. ' "Yes! Whop' rthero?"o ' ' - S"MargerI , Sir Philip. Would youpleama lie' thiuiw on -his -dresing.gown all opened the dnopr, to .find thloe cnfldential servant. waiting with' a tandle irnher hand, which'sho hold iiOor thoi hlustrado .abovo bo' hcnd'ad'isho gaied dow,"i. "" * ', ' r '. - ?:"? * r hkna it i ft, art_!tcr ":'.; +' '..*' -" I".dd'r'jknow, $ir; -C"qiiUii'cyl ?at .I Ihavoe heard ,".Onlethlliog agalili and li~an. *.'". could not sieeop." STho oxecut- io met Ilin.'at ;every itur, mnd he gno 'ia impatient' stanmp as ho aiid hastily:- . ', :'"LThOIi entrime; or 'noiactlling, orhapOL ai.t. the tabC he" '"'' . stbl : "No, Sir. "Philip, Illiavo tried to think ; :, it was' thati, biui t ist I hownLtahI. : Either people have brolcn in" or Whitoe 'is takan . "White i"' S" Yes. I heard a noia not ianuy minlnte ago, as if o0no on1e lul falleli Igainst .a door, andl I'm afraid it, must bh White in his "ril hu I there' direc'y," said Sir Phi'ip excitedly. " Only an attaok of colio. or molletl inlg of thalt kiiu , it3y'dear," hoaiud to L tdly Cope; " D on't lIH ilhn ined.". ' " .' ' to went out, to fnd'Margery very ialo ai trembllnig; anid, tryigi to ?e?a.mlro her, tliy huInled to 'the man'l rtouai. to flind thle dit '. fastened on the iuil. ' ' Sir Philip Knockednhhrpl. .. r.. "I Whito " he' oxclailua , is anythili'grlJ .wro.g " ".;** A Whltop li an h thlo oirn anhingsw mr1 ' * t' a Stan Ildaitlu,"' ; i it' tlao' olitol, .. Htpingl'l Iark, hIo maddo I I' tili it thedi ll. lip i mon'ing fast. .. . " .': 8il Philip lookeil rondll i ncarinh of iguais., of foreible entry, and, then at' the servantlir,^.' iiijuries; ;';bnat. It wiplair oeiougli tb'ooo that . . theo. poorfollbw wI an!f'6rlii>ng frUm a oii iuo'ix ,-: and as thie colonel heat.,over lumhb oaugtih'.,;n fromtime to. thun- 1on1 o of the o..incolhort4-", expressions wlih fell from Whites ps. ip. 'Ho couldaoko nothing of them, howo~ew« t A after :Vainly trying to make thu aliferer ",tske of a little water, Sir Philip turnied to : 'arger ' B"lralni, I'n afraid," hoe isai T.lq poor liow is the friend and companion of Private ;lack, and-this terrible business? has sbeen .:?,saguponhis mind'" .i.: ... "Shall fetch tho detoir, sir?i : .ho:..T can't .Icsd you out in the niiddleo f thd ght," said Sir Philip,, shortly; " "itay .wlth.the poor fow till I returni,,, . _ Brain; sir, :brain,' said the doctor, atten o. had been, fetched: "Good hieavens! row the poor fellow keeps on watndering bout death and punishment.' " No wonder,' "aid Sir Philip,. shortly. He was poor Black's friend.: - "Oh I" said the doetor, quietly.' ",That ,counts for it. -Poor follow ! I nuppise; lero is to be a roprieve, Sir Philip 1" . "FPor Black? o.' i-" Oh; come, sir. You'll excuseo ne, I :h now, but surely that case might be met by a 'ow months' punishment.'" "'No, doctor, the court-martial sentence '.ill have to be carried out.'" "But.'reaUyl-I would not speak so i.,nily, but .iller get- no mord than he itnevod.", , \- The private soldier struck. lis anperior ticer, and .asaulted him. afterwards very : rutally. It is impossible for discipline to be :arried out in those evil times unloes punish-. ,uent am onforoed." S-, '',Well," said th6 doctor, shortly, '! I can '".'tand our fellows being killed by the enemy, sitt when it comes to their being shot by our "im men; I feel it is time to protest." "My dear doctor," said Sir Philip, stify, Swe did not make martial-law; we are only Sd.a servants, and have to obey, so don't you Ihilke ourargument is likely to be of a barren , ?itire 1" The doctor shrugged his shoulders. " What'about our patient ?" "Let him lie hero till morning, and thrn I tust have 'him in hospital, unless her ladysphp forbids his removal." S"As she certainly will, poor fellow. You tdunk itia'braln, then ?" "Undoubtedly,-. brought on tby mental mnxioty, I should say. He must not be left. F'Il send in one of the women-- Mrs. Dann." The doctor took his depa?ture, and Sir :lhilip sat by the sick man's bide, listening to iis wanderings, and feeling half startled at imnes by the wild excited talk of mutrler--of t-read of punishmenit, and of some oath that :iad been oworn; ,but he act it all down to ;he man's delirium, and within an hour the watcher was relieved by the coming of Mrs. Dann, quiet, grave, and compused, looking ast if. it wus pert of her regular life to be Ssalled: ont..o bed in the middle of the night, ' alsho unrolled an apron which slo took from a capacious pocket, and put it on after habngb?er ahawl and bonnet up behind the eoor.' S'lfoaw nroe you now, Whito?" taid Sir Philip; kindly; and lhe laid his hand poen his servant's brow. " Wlo'sfthitV" ho said. "Sir PhilipF" "Yes, my man. HLow areyou? " "I'll cofess now. I'll tell yos all. Let them do what they like. They shan't shoot 'iim. No, no, no, sic. I swear it was san accident. You pulled the gun, and it caught in the blackthorn btsh. I wouldn't" hurt ai stair. of your hecad, air, I wouldn't indeed, dir. Don't betray cee, sir. It was an werident, sir, 'on my" soul it was. I'll be tko your dog, sir. t'lhere isin't anytling I n.ouldn't do for you sir. Del't tell, tir. 'th'! E'es hot--ho' dead I" Sir Philip's lip lquivered, sand lie turned '?s:y his eyes, etncnteiing thoso of the .arseo. "They 'listed togNether, sir, and his poor ~incl' runnisig otnt t?uert Blltck's execution. .:.), sir, is that petO Ite.r to be hot?" " Silence, wonuut !" said . Sir" Philip, ttornly;-uand,' isr,r 'ldeepvly 'moved tithn he a:re to'show, hoe walkted out of tlherootm. .Disck -'watched hiisn wildly till the door insed, -and then turnedl and stare at Mrs. S"'as hb gone. for 'the Ipoliee?" he .hispered.' S"No, no, no, my dear. There, there, lay your poor burnig hIandl loiin on:thie .pillow. It aches, and yoSt'lo all in tiLusile, ibut try nid goato sleep.' As lshe bent ldow'over tho'bed and laid her '-sand u~ M the sick man's forehead, he rised I? s srnns,' cel?tsl her roand the neck, trawing her facecdown to his, and kissed her lovingly. The woman skrt- d back angrily, and her :cltnd waSr involulnarily raised, but Dick's 'orbls disarmiediher.. "ThIaikye, i?other," hI solld, gently. SThisat's like .ol tihoes. I iten to have trnamedl that you w.rei dead and gorie--deand .addgone-to tlhe old nrun. lushi, come .loser.. It was an aoccident. PIoor felloi l 'iuot, you knsow-- t'hot, mother; and there , lay withstho blood running from him all it red pool. I'd ha' give the world-or I'd ia' killedmreclf, to, hl.ung him lack. Don't Sou believe it of rae, dlear." "His poor head I" said Mhrs. Dann, softly, .s she briushed back Dick's hlir front his; brow. "That's nice," Ihe sighe-i. " stit ? ? youi lid when I had the fever so had. Don't. yout remembnler.? ' "He takes sise for :his mollther, eoor .,llow," said ,Iro.;l)auu, softly. "No, no ; '.,o still-lie still." "So 'horiblo to shloot a isan, ind. you . bitld bhy alnd liot ?peak." "Buitt lt's· hope they will not, smy dear." "Btlt" they will-yes. they will. They'll -,anly 'me. .IIu'd t!.ll. I,, swure he world, sad he madeilo me c r. Poor Ild ,Alwa ys neulh a miier; ferinl, Ismsltne l y." "Always," ald Mis. Dunn, softly. "But there, you go to sleep, ily lad, and yoa'll ?.e better oown." "Dick gazed at her wildly. ' Wnhere's tay un " h'e iafd, sharply, as tie aughst her hitid. "lly slnitu gusi."s S" t'our carbisne, lad ? It's on the rack, I Ra' l?k? Yes; hid it ini the beaicon rek. i a strue a piece ,is ever was made. I can ∈ with it."' "Aib, and.you m.ay thank your strun tlhat 70u, haven't to trse it, my bhd," said [Mrs. M*im' fdherseilf. " It's so easyto shoot a mim," wlhisperedl :iluk, pressing her nu:.-i " One pull of the :'igger--juit a touch, and there he lies on iso ground .witlhhis oyes tauring at yo a si if loe .was ilasklng you why you did that. Dead I-ed-dedad ed!": ' .. I' se I' ena many cases iand.I've listened l,' the oor la.da sinrvi witht woundd?.aind bever aOthlie rest of it;. lstI'nd verfelt'as aI Dios' cy y tes il it iIt? and ali dropicl , :iato la "fitful sletp, but every now and '-.in'hiselips moved, and he spok in :an Idcohoient manner, his .wori altays 5 \--elsting todeath, 'ad the watcher couldhear t Ir6iL time to titrne--"! shot," and. " the .?ood"' iud " lyng dead,t' till asal o io at fthe senk, manly tice ofl Rob ccmud to comae ;up buforo 'her, and his stonooe mrang inher enl~r,a nd as she more 'tdly thaun eover reaoliod the fate tlhaut w-as to 'is.fol him,; be let her face go dont in her t '.nds, and soihod an lalo 1id nut mobhelfor is 'Amil uso thlonlight passedl awtay, and the dull, s ':?liaoErn llegn et.spetd. - ".Mr, Dann hind at through the long, shreury hours - watching, and .aibout daty. 'itteak Dick omlied to hbe alopiig piaef ay -,a ale?o?tthu greow more degp is the timeZ ?,sgreooed, tillefter busily putting the sick "sam strnighlt, ltho inse we'nt down to the tl 'itiehon, lc.partek of nsome breakfast with I ;:~tlcrger:, [ll?Da~~wuo being hi lier room. huto had bost epcctktlegnb f fhr jlf t'e oxprei aioli voul?ld hlavre been vrry.appropriate, fur Cerjaoe aso uf a rlustl ura tl'ow, aund there '.ir dark. rlngod oolsher eyes. , ,'KThibtts's.svo.i.euhmssarly s?.oke aftcnrvrrds, , lst stat in. tli.ardskrchsed.kitehcn, 'with the es 'winidow blinds drdawn down, and. a peculiar ii ailerco rei ydngin the place. t' . Ies.' Dtanai ..felt .s?er to. apostk -f the I :.?eeuthiiu, .,hist, itergery's looks .were so a appllent thut ohio did niot veituro, contejiting It hsaonlftvith ippissg her tea, asd wondnriua f iow Cijip was, and then abeut .how Roh .Ulick was comportiiig hinslf.. ' t ' "'He'll melh 'out iand clie.liko' soldier," Whb a arideddoely. ith a orried "'Whit 'l crie M aToery, withahorrtfld intat. '1 .. "--I-beg your pardon I did not speak." faltered Mrs. Da ." ', Yo?u did-you lierrriblo woman," cried Margery. " lo people think no more of a hunan Iftl than if it Wis a stoeic."; 'De't't .erank to su,'" cried Morgry excitetly. "So long as you cnl lave your gloryaind ehow, that's all you care for; while ..lepoor boy is.to bo led ouit this morning and tie, and yout begin boasting and say ' like a sohlir.'" "ti thought I wits speaking to myserlf,". said. ,WMi.: LDanns, humlly. "[ 'm sure I'd give anytlihn to save the poor hId's life." . *.aaisery madel. no reply, but left her tutitthtl binaldksft and hurried upstairs. " I'd no appctito before," said Mni. Dann, ,sadly; "?I can't ent now.". I She rose, too, anid went. blibd) to Dick's room, arid fiund him still npjsarently asleep. n,. . Dan sat down to. liten to her patient's brmathing, and as aho listenil she heard more. For there was the trmnpetcall, the tra? pling of horse', nnd as tho*old soldier's wife .sat there, she pictured in her mind everything that was .taking place, till finally shl couhld see in lnsagniution thee troopls draiwi !ui, the group of officers, and the pisaire,, banaged of eye, Tiiting for his doo m . '` .1.. ' ' - . - " I can'tsti it any longer," e said to horself at she crossed to Dick's bedside and found that to all appearancea he was sleeping soundly. "I'm a. soldier's .wife, and I ;haven't btan all these years in the reginent without taking an interest in everything." She hirriedl to the door but stopped short. " No, poor lad, I can't. I don t want to see him shot. It's too cruel; and yet .omeo how I feel as if Iou ht tosoo him standing up there facing them all. Poor lad I 'oor lad I Vhy it might have been my Chip." She shu?dered and turned pale at the thought, while a fierce struggle went on in hir breast ietween curiosity aind her bitter feelings. he Imaow the colonel's house well enough to feel that ohecoldd get to a window command ing a view of the parado-ground, where she could sn' al, whiletho utter silence of the place, and tlhknowlcdge that the colonel had gone, and that the women would bo certain to sulut themselves up till all was over, enoourmageri her to try and gratify the intense deaire shei felt; and at list, after another glan:e at the maun else was set to watch, she stole cautio.olv oumt of the sick room. 'r ia coE.'IrseUo.l 