OUR ILLUSTRATIONS. Opening of the Line to Wollon- gong and Kiama. Wednesday, the 3rd, was a red-letter day in the annals of the Illawarra district, as the opening of the line from Waterfall to Clifton brought the whole of this extensive tract of country in direct communication by rail with Sydney. The Illawarra district is one of the prettiest and wealthiest in the colony, and, with through communication from Sydney to the beautiful seaside resorts of Wollongong and Kiama, a great future should be in store for those places, as it is tolerably safe to assert that the day will yet come when the lovely beaches and fertile plains of the beauteous Illawarra district will be as familiar to Sydney people as are the many holiday resorts of Port Jackson. Certain indications would seem to point to the fact that at no distant date a portion of the Illawarra district is likely to become a large manufacturing centre. Coal is found in abundance in the mountain range which runs along close to i the sea shore, and other minerals are also known to exist in the locality. The extensive pastures lying between Bulli and Kiama have long been famed for ; their capabilities for carrying numbers of cattle, and the place is favourably known as an extensive dairying district, large quantities of butter and other produce being sent to the metropolis and more distant places at regular intervals. Wollongong and other places in the district are what may be termed 'old time' settlements. But very little progress was made in the early days. In the years 1840 and 1841 the district was mostly bush, and not much cleared land was to be seen throughout this large tract of territory, although snug little homesteads were visible at stated intervals. The gum and other forest trees in those days grew close to the outskirts of the town of Wollongong. At that time there was no harbour, nor were there any conveniences for shipping. The number of settlers was small, and those located on the soil were principally engaged in agricultural pursuits. The in habitants took up what were known as *' clearing leases,' removed the bush and scrub, and cultivated maize and potatoes, those being the principal crops. Wheat, oats, and barley, were also grown, but not to any appreciable extent, as the land was not too well suited for purposes of wheat-growing. Clover was subsequently introduced, and the soil being very rich, it grew abundantly. Forty years ago the luxuriant growth of clover in certain places in the district was something astonishing to behold. With the establishment of clover in this locality, many of the people took to dairying, and the pursuit has been followed by them to a greater or less extent ever since. In 1841 Wollongong was just beginning to struggle into existence. What is now the southern end of the town was then all bush, covered with a dense scrub. Captain Plun- kett was the police magistrate at that period, and amongst the notabilities of the place were the late Dr. John Osborne, who resided at Garden Hill, and the late Mr. James Cummings, one of the earliest settlers in the locality. Mr C. T. Smith occupied the position of returning officer for the electorate for many years. Mr. Smith, who had been a seafaring man in his early days, on visiting the locality of Wollongong was so struck with its evident capabilities that he expressed the opinion at once that the incipient township was destined to develop into a place of considerable importance— a prediction which the result has verified. About the period referred to a stockade was erected on the point of land where the pilot's residence now stands, and a number of convicts were employed in various works of a public nature, more espe- cially in excavating the basin still existing in connection with the harbour works. A Mr. Cronin was the foreman of these works, and the convicts were in charge, first of a company of the 80th Regiment, under Lieutenant Morris, afterwards they were guarded by n company of the 99th Regiment, under Major M'Pherson. Prison labour was also employed about the same time in clear- ing the Glebe lands at Wollongong. In those days splendid tree-ferns and giant cabbage-tree palms grew luxuriantly all around ; but, as population increased, . the axe of the settler soon cleared away the ferns and , palms, the district gaining in wealth and population what it lost in beauty. In those early days there were not many churches or public buildings. The Presbyterian Church was standing in 1841, the minister in charge being the Rev. Mr. Tait. The Church of England service was held in a school-room belonging to that denomination, the officiating clergyman being the Rev. M. D. Meares. It was not until the 22nd February, 1859, that the town of Wollongong was incorporated, Mr. John Garrett, afterwards police KIAMA POST AND TELEGRAPH OFFICE. magistrate for many years at Scone, and father of Mr. Thomas Garrett, the late Minister for Lands, being the first mayor. It is more than 20 years ago since the agitation for a rail- way to connect the district with Sydney was commenced, but it is only within the last 15 or 16 years that the in habitants took measures in real earnest to have the iron horse brought to their town and district. Amongst those who have taken the most prominent part in urging the construction and extension of the Illawarra Railway must, be mentioned the name of Mr. John Biggar, one of the leading residents. The first coal mine opened in the Illawarra was at Mount Keira, a lofty peak at the rear of Wollongong. This was over 30 years ago, the venture being made by the late Mr. James Schoobert. To- day there are numerous mines throughout the district — such, for instance, as the Mount Pleasant, Bulli, Mount Kembla, and others. Attempts have been made to mine for kerosene shale at or near Mount Kembla. The present Agricultural Society at Wollongong was the first of its kind established in the colony. It was called into existence about the year 1842. The first show was held ill a small place near the Market - square. In 'the forties' the stocks were erected in this square, and there are old residents still living who can call to mind the spectacle presented by many a sorry wight, whose feet were made fast in the stocks. But time, the great 'change- worker,' has altered all that, and now, in place of stocks, etc., a fine courthouse stands in the centre of the flourishing town of Wollongong. In those days the township was, in point of time, very far distant from the metropolis, as it took the steamers of the period 14 and 15 hours to make the passage, which is now accomplished in four hours, The most notable craft of the time were the William the Fourth, better known as 'Old Billy,' and the trading packet Sophia Jane. Wollongong boasts of many fine public buildings, chief among which is the new town hall. A proposal has been made latterly to extend the harbour so as to provide for shipping, and if this needful work be carried out, it will doubtless have the effect of producing lasting good to all concerned. The native name Illawarra is given to the tract of coun- try commencing at Coal Cliff, about 33 miles to the south of Sydney, and extending about 60 miles southwards, as far as Shoalhaven. The width of the district varies, as it is bounded on the east by the coast line, and by the Dividing Range on the west. The district is, beyond question, one of the most fertile in the colony, the vegeta- tion in many places being of quite a tropical character, and luxuriant in the extreme. The chief centres of population are the towns of Wollongong, Kiama, Clifton, Shellharbour, Port Kembla and Bulli. The census of 1881 gave the population of the district as 7132, but there must have been a very considerable increase in the seven subsequent years. The geological formation of the district is carboniferous, and the coal of the dis- trict is well known and widely celebrated for its value as a steam or smelting coal. But Illawarra is equally famous for its dairy produce; indeed, for many years by far the largest proportion of cheese, butter, &c.;, sent to Sydney, came from the Illawarra district. The scenery of the district is highly picturesque ; the views of the mountain ranges obtained from the Illawarra Lake are very much admired. The lake is about nine miles in breadth by three in width, and it is well supplied with wild fowl and fish. Among other places of note in the Illa- warra district Dapto may be mentioned, the home of the famous scullers William Beach and Thomas Clifford. The town of Wollongong is situated some 64 miles from Sydney, and ranks in importance as the third seaport of the colony in regard to tonnage and number of shipping. The export of produce and the im- ports of merchandise amount to about 60,000 tons annually. The population of the town is nearly 2000. The yearly export of butter from Wollongong to Sydney is about 700 tons. During the summer months as many as 500 kegs of butter are frequently shipped weekly, besides which the experts comprise pigs, poultry, calves, eggs, bacon, and cheese. Among the public build ings of Wollongong at the present day may be mentioned the Albert Memorial Hospital, the Eng- lish, Scotch, Congregational, Wesleyan, and Roman Catholic Churches, the Public school (one of the finest out of Sydney, with an attendance of nearly 300), school of arts, municipal free library, and a number of banks, halls, and hotels. For some years past the town has been lighted with gas. Kiama is about 70 miles from Sydney, and it has a population of about 3000 persons. The trade of Kiama consists very largely in dairy produce, of which large quantities are shipped to Sydney. The soil is of a very fertile nature, nearly 28,000 acres being under cultivation. There are three banks, English, Scotch, Wesleyan, and Roman Catholic Churches, a fine Public school, and a handsome post and telegraph office with a clock tower and a large bell. Clifton is a mining village, in the vicinity of the Coal Cliff. Bulli is a picturesque little town, seven miles north of Wollongong, dependent almost entirely on the coal trade. The disastrous explosion which occurred in the Bulli mine, more than a year ago, will not readily be forgotten. Shellharbour is a municipal district three miles from Lake Illawarra. It contains a population of about 1300 in the borough and about 200 in the township itself. The district is a pastoral one, and large quantities of produce are exported. When the first train with his Excellency the Governor and the Ministerial party reached Waterfall, the lamps (writes the Herald correspondent) were lighted as a signal that the tunnels were at hand. There are seven of these, the longest being only a chain short ot a mile in length. This, I was informed, has a grade of I in 40. We flew through on the downward journey, but coming back it occu- pied 5½ minutes to pierce it. When the train emerges from it on the trip to Wollongong a glorious sight awaits the traveller. The train is on the very edge of the cliffs descending to the sea. Away to the east spreads the glorious Pacific, beautiful and majestic as it smote the eyes of Vasco Nunez de Balboa, when the tired traveller feasted his gaze on the great revelation, ' silent upon a peak in Darien.' As I saw it there was a smoke-like mist upon it out to sea. Nearer in shore the water was marvellously blue and clcar. Mile after mile the coast drove its sharp peaks into its side, and along it, as far as the eye could behold, a constant spune of sand and foam made a snowy rim. On the other hand rose the hills, black, precipitous, and domi- nating, split by splendid gullies, whose sides were hidden by a wild profusion of semi-tropical vegetation, flourishing in wholly tropical luxuriance. Among dense growths of the ubiquitous eucalyptus, sprang 20, 30, and 40ft. into the air the straight slim trunks of the graceful cabbage palm, bursting at the top into a bunch of huge drooping leaves. One who has not seen them flourishing in their native habitat can scarcely conceive what a gracious festive appearance they present among the serried columns of the otherwise sombre forest. High up against the trunks of towering eucalypti the beautifully fronded staghorn fern makes its nest. Numbers of these lovely parasites may be seen from the train window. The flame-tree, with its bunches of brilliant scarlet blooms, illuminates the woods, while down in the gullies is the favourite haunt of tlie graceful fern trees, delicatest and most symmetrical of Australian trees. Hundreds of grass trees besiege the rail- way line, and from the top 3 of tail trees hang long ropes of native supple-jack, suggesting the llamas of Brazilian forests, to the luxuriant vegetation of which an Australian botanist has compared the forest growth of portions of Eastern Australia. The usual number of weird white naked gum trees stand like ghosts about the scene, but nature, as though wishing to have no reproach o: decay where so much life abounds, has in many cases trained a bright green creeper to run, up the poor dead trunk, mid cover it with a green mantle which will give to it the semblance of its forgotten life. One thing I noticed about the hills is that they are all possessed of foreheads — that is, for the space of apparently some 20 or 30 feet they descend by a sheer fall of perpendicular rock, and from that point elope off in the gradual manner of hills. It would be interesting to ascertain the cause of this somewhat peculiar formation. The foliage on the hills is of a blackish rather than green hue, as though coloured by the subtle chemistry of Nature from the vast storehouses of coal which lie under every one of these hills, and which the workmen of countless ages shall rifle for material to drive the steam ships and locomotives of the world. The hill was pointed out to me at Bulli into which the vast mine is driven in whose black catacombs so many brave and splendid men met their fate a short time since. All these things, and doubtless many more, can be seen from the window of a train to Wollongong. 