I [By the Member for Saltbush.] !. uh, what speeches we have been making to our constituents! How ready we are to sacri fice ourselves (in words) for the good of the country. In order to get the Land Bill through we are willing to sit till June if neces sary. Well, well, we are apparently anxious to do something to earn our £200 a year, and that will no doubt be highly appre ciated by the electors. I find myself unable this week to do justice to this most important subject, bo I have ventured on a little pro phetic forecast in the Bhapa of a comedy or tragedy, call it what yon will, entitled A NEW WAY TO PAY OFF OLD . GROWLERS, OB THE PAID PATRIOTS AND THE PERSISTENT PREMIER, Act I—October, Scene—The Assembly Chamber. A very full house, and a very full amount of talk, Chorus ojp Patriots. We're each of us paid two hundred a year, And so we're determined to earn it; We Bpesk by the hour, and we'll vote, never fear,| And each lesson we're set we will laarn it, Now, just at the present, there's talk of the land And the evil plight of our selectors, And 'twere stupid indeed> did we hold oue hand And thus give a chance to objectors. So may weather be hot, or may it bs cold, We will fight for a most priceless boon; And till it is got, Honest Tom shall be told We'll continue to sit on till June. [Last line repeated , with emphasis. McDonald—As a young member (this my second year) I want to work leBt I be held too dear By the electors. I have not the power To reel off commonplaces by the hour, But can I trust bespeak a sober mind, And in this leave some orators behind, So far we nought have done—more to our shame, And if the. Ministry would earn just fame, The Land and Corporation Bills they'd pass, . And turn all other measures out to grass, I play at cricket, and against the press Last year I left their bowlera in a mesB, But I would e'en forego another match To faring this worthy House up to the scratch. Honest Tom [reassuringly)—"My honorable friend may feel quite sure That we, as long as this House will endure All stress of weather, we shall go ahead Until we've passed the Bills, or leave them dead. One word I'd add to those of leather lungs, And that is, " Work, and kindly hold your tongues," Omnes—How can we criticise if we don't speak, Giles—I'm bound to talk though I do only squeak, Bevts—'When the Land Bill comes on I'll'make a vow. That I don't speak. Cohen— Nor interject. Oh now, You can't refrain, Bews— " No, Even should you roar Of moleskin trousers, though it grieved me . sore I'd shut my mouth, Bartlett— 'TiB Government by clique. The farmers look for what I say every week) And should they in the Chronicle not find A Bpeech of mine they'd think I'd lost my mind. Horn—To something lose means once to have possessed, "You cannot -eat your cake"—you know the rest. I think I'll go with Bews. 'Twere safer far. I never speak except to give a jar To hated foe. Already we have made Over three thousand speeches, which are paid At rate of sovereign each, A sovereign speech I think is rather more than most can reach. Hows [blusteringly]—'Tis like the Government to check debate. Coles [soothingly)—Come now, Howe— They hold us at too cheap a rate, ' The country's crying for new land laws, Giles [insinuatingly]— So am I, Bartlett [roughly)—It seems to me, my friend, you nothing do but cry. Howe—Our aim Bhould be to interchange ideas, Bartlett—To get at yours would not take many years. Howe—To pass this Bill I'd sit morn, eve; and noon, Yes, and continue sitting iip to June, Chorus of Patriots as before, Big Ben—Another spoke in Ministerial wheel, 'Twill stop the coach of State; and then I feel Once more my time as Heaven-born Trea surer's nigh, And Ben mil pose again as Mighty I, > The Ministry hastily consult, Honest Tom [whispering)—Say, Charlie, shall we take them at their word 2 'Twould be a joke, better than all I've heard; You'll only have a few more Bills to draft, And you can do that, Kingston— Yes, for thafs my craft, West-Erskine points out that the cost is nil. Well, what can he expect for costless. Bill 2 Let's tire the beggarB out, Cait [pathetically)— What, sit ahead Throughout the summer? Oh! I shall be dead# Johnson [pleadingly)—You cannot mean it, surely, Playford 2 Why, Like Oatt, I feel that I Bhould have to die. Coles—You weakly ones muBt take some tonio stuff, For Ministerial work is rather rough ; - I'm with you, Playford, solemnly I vow, If only to checkmate obstructive Howe. Honest Tom (Aloud)—Well, then, since all so Btrongly have appealed, We to your importunities will yield; So, go ahead and talk till you are dry; We'll not complain, or ask the reason why; We've lots of other business, so proceed, We'll sit by quietly until we're freed. Remember, if you are exhausted soon We've made our minds up to sit on till June. Chorus of patriots as before, but more feebly, and Act closes. Act II,—December. Scene—As bcfore.\LandBill under discussion, Bartlett continuing a speech of some weeks dura tion interrupted by frequent count outs. There is a general air of exhaustion apparent, but every noio and then a scene occurs to keep \up interest in the proceedings. Mr. Gait is lying peacefully asleep on the Ministerial benches, and Mr. Johnson has pillowed his head on his shoulder. The reporters are looking upon the proceedings with lack lustre eyes. Honest Torn, is engaged in conversation with Mr, Kingston, Honest Tom—We're still in office, but this tiresome biz Might make one wish he wasn't, Bartleit [interrupting with speech)—I say it is, The squatters are a killing of this place. Horn (aside)—And farmers are not second in the race. Honest Tom—Where will it end 2 I really do not know. . Catt and our Frank will never Btani thiB blow. Only six speeches in three months, and more To follow. Was ever such a jaw 1 • With Bartlett down, Holder will fill the blank, And Glynn has yet to come with his pet Then Horn will argue from the squatter's view. And Burgoyne— Kingston—Oh, he'll talk about the two. He'll put the Bquatter in one set of scales, The farmer in the other, Bure as nails; And when he's finished blest if we can tell Which way he'll vote, Bartlett [continuing Ms speech)— This is a farmer's hell. The Speaker—Order. That word must be at once withdrawn. Bartlett—I'm sorry if I've trod on someone's corn, But I'll withdraw. Horn— PrBy heaven that may come true, For one might get some peace were't not for you. . Honest TOm—And then the pressmen, Charlie, I'm quite sad To see them slaving daily, Bartlett [having been again called to order)— It's too bad, It seems to me when on my legs I get, I'm ont of order, Horn—. That you are, you ha*, Bartlett—I'm sorry that I can't your feelings rouse, The attendance being thin. The Speaker— Count the House. The House is counted, and there not being a quorum an adjournment takes place and Act closes, Act III,—March, Scene—As before, except that there arc only seven members present; Honest Tom, Mr. Kingston, Mr. Coles, looking impregnable on the Trcasury'jbcnches, and Mr. Burgoyne, Mr. Howe, Mr, Holder, and Mr. Glynn, Stayf There is a recumbent form on one of the back benches. It is .our Koiclcy,. faithful to the Ministry to the last. Ah open volume of stand ing orders indicates that Mr. Ward is not far off; perhaps down in the refreshment-room, ■Everybody is yawmng. Mr. Howe is speaking, .and nobody .calls.attention to the state of the .House, because every onefedstoo tired io do so, Honest Tom smiles grimly. The reporters look like mere shadows. Honest Tom (to Coles)—We're nearly through,' Get ready to reply. You need not say much. Coies— No; that will not I. Poor Howe at length appears exhausted" quite, And now JBeer&heeba; reached, he seem3 all right. He's not bad, take him for good and ill, Howe (sleepily)—S'gort the Hecond reading of •the Bill. The BUI is .read a second lime, Mr. Ward isccdlcd up, and the measure is rattled through committee with out amendment, Act closes. Act IV— (Same month as before). Scene — The Legislative Council Chamber. Bis Excellency arrives to prorogue Parliament, and finds only four members of the Assembly present. His Excellency (in an ■ aside to President Ayers)—How's this 2. Why don't the Lower House appear? The President—So please your Excellency they are here. His Excellency—What, all 2 The President— Yes, all. There now are left but four, 'Tis vain your Excellency to look for more. The fifth was buried yesterday, Poor Howe, A moat deserving man, ' His Excellency— Eight well I trow, But what waB his complaint 2 The President— He got so weak That on no Bingle question could he speak, This vexed his haughty spirit, and he died In shaking hands with Coles. His Excellency— : KOh, woe betide, But how died all the rest 2 The President— Much the same way, The verdict—oratorical decay: The last to go was Glynn, and hard he fought, ' He'd lost all his three syllables 'twas thought. And Holder held on to the very last J He died, ho longer able to talk fast. Poor Cohen, discovering that his bass Had faded into treble, left the race, Giles, on the contrary, falsetto lost, And found himself quite voiceless to hi3 cost. And Caldwell, not wearying for a fad Ere this, was fadless, and at once got bad, Eees, faithful to the Premier as a hound,,1 Quite peacefully upon his bench was found, Burgoyne, most logical of men, I learn, His logic gone, has crept into an urn, Gilbert died ere committee work began, And felt that Providence had changed His plan, Nash, ever soldier-like, died at his post, And there is represented by his ghost, Ward could not live without his Rowland Eees, And he has gone where Chairmen are at ease; Big Ben, 'tis said, the summer found so hot That he left nought behind but one grease spot; Solomon, retired, not without some demur, And now's where troubles with " H," don't occur, — Poor Hussey found [his nerves give with , the shock Of being kept out after ten o'clock. As to Sir John—Ah, yes—Oh, he's alive, So that you see there really are left five; As to the rest, on stone and marble fair J You'll find their records—there and only there. His Excellency—Then I'll prorogue, and right glad so to do, . Eor soon there'd none remain except we two. Parliament is prorogued in the usual way. Honest Tom and the Speaker stay talking. The Speaker—I suppose'that I must now get out the writs To £11 the vacancies. Honest Tom— Yes, My poor wits Are getting shaky, and I must recruit Up in my garden midst my flowers and frnit; Let's trust our next House will not have Buch power In Bpeaking. The Speaker—Hear, hear, Orevenl'llgetsour, I'm pretty even tempered, but it's plain To Bit till March would not suit me again, Honest Tom—We want a House to work, The. Speaker— To vote, Honest Tom— Yes, straight. The Speaker—Eor that Millenium we'll have to wait, Curtain. 