Looking Back: from the ? i; :'..?-;/ ?i..--pioTlglL!:'»-'v,1''^ !;'fl; i ! B y- the Rev. Da. ? t.axmag:e. ' ; ? ;. : ? No:man having put his hand to'the plough and .looking back is fit forthe'kin'gdom of God. —St. Luke ix. 02. - . ? ? ? . : ' ,,, ?.. Christ's illustrations wore7 drawn from everyrday lif e. , We (hardly over' find Him, niakinc liny allusion to Grecian or.Esrvntian antiquities. ., You ' always immediately know, what .He means, ? We who speak in prayer-meetings,: and Sabbath-schools, and pulpits,* might learn many a practical lesson from . Him . in that respect. ? It is often the case that the illustration is so elaborate and learned, .. that the (audienco find -harder work .'in. -understanding,, the- illustration than the subject -which 'they .propose to illustrate. :But it is' not so -with Christ.; His coinparisons;were. as plain as- that white is white and black is black ; and the , most illiterate 'man. that ever iheardi' Jesus talk knew immediately what He meant. ??;... Well, Christ was gathering up his frinds and associates. ;, He. wanted-especially to test the reality , of their i earnestness by -demanding instantaneous discipleship. He wanted, them immediately to.. become His followers, or not at.all.i There was a man .standing .there .who., said that he really intended to become one of Christ's disciples, but he, wanted; to'; go .-home, first rand, say good-bye to Ids friends; and. make 'arrange- ments before, he undertook the Christian service.,., Christ, would not consent to that. He knew very well that if that man.Went back his family would- persuade him to .stay, andche' wquldrneyer-.enter-;int'o the disciplesliip ';' ' arid', 'therefore,''' Cnfisl' ex presses His dissent toathe proposition of the man in the words' ,of , my text : ' No man 'haying' put Uiis' liandJto the ploughl and looking back is'ftt' for the kingdom of ? God.1;'--1 ??'??.\v '???-'?'. v,; -i ?'?' '^: ???'? . ' i; Many-', of '.us :, were' brought up'' in the' Vcountry, and- we learned1 how to 'plough. .' It'sfe^ni's' it very- easy process to a man who ' f fia.s-uever'tried;.as he 'stands, looking over -fche fence and. sees theplough glide smoothly through' the1 field!' One' would think- -'all' you 'have to do would'be to'take hold of the' handles arid put the point, of the coulter' in the soil, and then tell the horses to start'; but to send the plough' -vigorously through : at equal 'depth '.of. earth; arid,1 lyithbut being stopped by stoiie or :stump'j''make a clear . straigh t furrow froiri '? one' end to the other; requires' a1' good deal of ! care.1 '^ Many a one has lost his patience in .,the,;processi and, when 'he first 'began to' plough '.'has been knocked -flat by theplough 'handle's, i Here is si'boy that attempts to jplough, but instead ? of keeping; his -a eye .on-' the ..beam of the plough or on 'the horses that are dragging the plough,.' heas looking- this :! way and that, sometimes, looking back ;to the' end of . the field 'from ?' which l; lie 'started. j;The' husbandman comes down in' th£ ?' field ' and says— 'My boy,' you will never, make j'a' ploughman. iiv.that,way.!i. Y.pu. must keep your eye ori'your work, qr,I, shall discharge you,, and put, someone else; in your place., See here; what a crooked furrow you. have beeii making.' .'NpwJ it' isTthisillustration that Christ presents iri order.tb show, up the folly, of, that man who, once haying started towards,, heaven', 'is ayerted ,,this,'way and that,. .often looking', ba'ck to. the place from which' 'lie, started. , 'No man' having, put his h'and to the' plough, and .looking back is fit for, the kingdom of God'.'. .', ,',.;'. Island before many who hayebeen roused to 'religious consideration, ;arid' some have passed pn'into .the lif e of the. gospel, but we have 'nothing', for. them but ^congratulation ??and good cheer.!,. Others have not got so far . as that. They heard-it. 'thunder, they were awakened from their lethargy! their prayer less lips began' tip move,, in ' petition. Prom being inattentive' hearers, you could see they were affected with' a very deep anxiety. They', asked, : the ' question', of the gaoler. Tripped up .by the misfortunes of life, they felt the need of- something better than ? earthly solace'.' 'Under the uplifted battle axe; of .disaster', they felt they must' have a helmet. They were importunate fora while. Ministering 'spirits,' who ; watched the state of tlie soiil, Syefe ready to strike' exultation over their return. -They had started;' .'They, ' had their 'hands on the plough. ' .The barren soil of,, '.the, heart., began', to';, upturn, in preparation for',^ a glorious harvest.' But mid-furrow,' the plough', stopped. . They looked back, arid showed 'they were not .fit for . the kingdom of 'GoS..' They halted, ? soine.of themneyer again to, 'start— others to be persuaded ' by , the' Spirit .of. God, through this sermon, to. resume their duty. l; I remark that. many, surrender their religious .impression, siiiiply because, like this man in tlie text, they do not want to give -up 'tlieir .friends and connections. The probability is that the majority of your friends.'; are not true Christians. ' You do not want to turn '.your' back .upon' 'them. You do not, by your action,' want seemingly to 'condemn! 'their .''Ihehayiour.';'. and so the wife, waits, for the husband' to' come' to ?Christ,, arid, so, tlie'. husband waits for the wife to, come -to Christ, arid 'they neither ?come.' One in. life ! ? .One iii death ! One in ; the lbss,pf tlie soul ! .' And so , there are chil ::. 'drenwhp do not'coirie becausepdrentsdonot ' come, r They sa'yi (' If religion were really ? anything particular, father wpuld attend 'to' it. If ' religion . wereanything. very 'im- : portant, I .'dm sure my mother would attend to it. They stay qiit of the. kingdom, and I will stay.' Ah, it was not so with', the' ? serving' maid in ! the .house of Naamarii the: leper.. Amid ,._ all the grand' sur roundings that were hostile to religion, she maintained her , simple, .heroic, faith in ?God, and through; her instrumentality her master ,was '.cured of the leprosy. . ',',, , „ But I need riot' go to history to.find'in-1' ; stances; where . men -have, -maintained, the faith. of .the gospel;, notwithstanding the most bitter hostilities. .'.', Go to the cabinet I warehouse, go to that- machine shop, go to | 'that dry-goods warehouse, and you, will I find men faithful ;t6 Christ, while all around ? ? is jeering arid caricature. .' But, unhappily,' there! are', some. who,' cannot' serve;. God ; alone. ,They resolve to start ' heavenward, but one. good round of . laughing scorn at I the supper-table .'ends all!, their religious] I impressions.'. '.'They' want, to! get to heaven,' but' they, cannot endure'.', the domestic oppqsitiori,*:the;!i social opposition. They put.'.'tlieir, hands, . tq'.l.theyplpughj,'. and say,' ? ''Witness,!,' ye;' men find angels, this; day. Ir take Christ, ' and; 'stalrt for heaven;' 'but to morrow, they look back.. Down at the club house: one day, they say— 'Where is! Mr So-and-so ????'!- have not seeii him here for ^four.^weeks.'.' 'Oh,' says someone, 'he -is attending^eligious meetings.' ,, After awhile,1 -the new convert goes amid those .old associates, and when they see him coining,' they, say — 'Oh, here comes our ?Christian. ..?Ho\v, solemn he looks! Mighty .good he has got to be, hasn't he? Come, , -now, you're a Christian, they tell me; just get down here and pray for;iis, and whistle ,one of your old church tunes. What ! ashamed to do it ? I thought you were a .hypocrite. You like sin just as well a's'you .ever did.' Oh, to stand that bombardment, , to be thrown out of old companionship, to be tabooed, and caricatured, and pointed at, is like cutting off the right arm, or plucking out the right eye, and you cannot stand it. Triumph over those influences— many have. Goidown under them — many do. ,; 2. I., remark that sometimes people sur render! their religious impressions, because they want to take one more1 look at sin. : They resolved that they would give, up sinful indulgences, but they; have been hankering after, them ever since, thirsty for them, and filially they conclude to, go into them.. So there is' a man who, under the influence of the Holy Spirit, resolved he would become . a Christian, and as a preliminary i step he . ceases profanity. That; was the temptation- and the sin of his life. After awhile, he says, 'f I don't know as it's worth while for me to be curbing my ..temper, at ..all times — to be so particular , about :my speech. Some;of the most, dis tinguished men in ;the world have- been profane.' ' And so ,the man who, resolying. ;on heaven, quits: hiSr.profanity, goes, back ,to.it. ; , In. other words, as tlie , Bible describes it, '? the dog .returns to its vomit again', arid the sow that, is washed to her wallowing in the mire.' . ' ;'But;,' says a man; '''I will for Christ give -up sharp practices in business: 'I once was fraudulent ? I ' will cease to be1 fraudu lent, _ even respectably fraudulent.' But the time passes oh; and one day he wakes' up and says; ' I find that men in my branch oi business overreach. ' I don't know why I,: should be blamed if sometimes Ilisliould overreach. Besides that; it; is impossible tb; be severely honest in this day,' and a man ? must make a living.' Religion may do very well for the Church,1 but^it don't' work in the business.' -So .the man goes back to : his old'sharp practices, in business, forgetful of 'the i Bible' 'warning.''1 '?' As a1 partridge' 'sitteth on eggs and liatcheth them not,1 so1 riches got by fraud ; a man shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at ' the end he shall be a fool.' Oh; my friends, ' there are ten thousand witcheries, which1,1 after a man has started for heaven, compel him to ?look back. ' ?? ?'? - ' 1 3. I remark,' again, there are many who surrender their religious impressions be cause they want ease from spiritual anxiety.1 They have been talking about their imv mortal - soul, they have been' wondering about the day of judgment,1 they have been troubling themselves about ' a- great many ?questions iri regard to religion, and they dp not find 'peace immediately, and they say, ' Here,' 1 11 give it all ' up.- ; I will not be bothered any more ;'? and; so they get rest ; but it is the resfrof tlie drowning man who, after half an hour battling with the waves, - says, ' There's no1 use ;'I can't swim ashore,' I'll drown ;' and he goes down. ; Oh, we do not hide the fact: that to become a Christian demands' the gathering up of all the energies of the soul.1 r ' j We do not deny the fact that' there may be strong cryings out;dnd tears, that there may be' sleepless' nights, that there may be loss of appetite- until ' food shall- become loathsome; but'who'aTe we that, having fought God for. 20 or 30 years, we should become spiteful and rebellious because in one day or hour, or in one week or month, we do not: find pardon? I have known men who after 40 or' 50 years ; contending against God, warring ' with all' the con centrated passions and powers of their' nature against 'the -Lord Almighty, were indignant because at the first prayer they did not get blessing. - Alas! alas! if after a few tears and a few struggles we surrender our religious impressions, and in a matter about which we can afford to make no mis take, we look back. . ? , ' I see there are many souls here to-day, all surrounded by temptdtions; that would keep tlie'm away froiri God and heaveri— , teriiptations ' ' to . the ; right, temptations to1 the . left,' ' temptations behind . them, temp tations before: them— arid I tell you now,' that your only deliverance is in the strength ipf the':Lord 'G6da Almighty, to' trample them down' and go ph! ' getting the victory through^the' Lord Li Jesus Christ.' ! Alas ! if yoii surrender and are. cut to - pieces by; the bbinbardmerit'from 'all sides, your only way; out is forward .into the hberty.and light of the. gospel.! Alasl if now you .lookbdck. ; ; . ' ; ?: 4. I have. to remark 'that the vast majority of those who once saw their duty, arid started heavenward, but have looked . back, , never start again -arid'are lost. ! There is' nothing short of the thunders of the last day that will rouse them, and that .will be too late. I think; that but of every hnndred cases there, are not '.more '.than one or two that ever start heavenward again. I do hot. know there is -more than one out of a thousand.1 Having. started, and istqpped, they stop for. ever,- so far ? as religious impressions' are concerned. Misforturies ? come— no divine ; alleviation - for them. Sickness comes— no '?' divine physician for! ; them. Death ' icoines— no. divine warmth ta take off the chill, or heavenly lamp - to illurriirie the darkness. They, die crying ' No hope I' and pluriging down into the bottomless depth, the winds whistle it, 'No. hope!'- and ' destroyed spirits re-echo. it, 'No, hope!' 'and ever lasting ages hand if oh to everlasting ages ; but. there is no'hope. They started, they stopped, they looked back,' and that ended their, opportunities: for salvation. They became lost men. T ' ?. ' ' ' But, as;I have just ,nbw remarked, there are exceptions' to the. rule; and I preach this morning to' those exceptions. . I want' to -tell those whohaye'beguri to seek after GbdJ but have surrendered their religous impressions, of a! Saviour's compassion and the bleeding cross of a dying Jesus— ! Sinful soul, what' hast thou done ? '-' prucified. the eternal ,S.on. ' . Oh, how could'yputlook back ? ? Did you know it was at fearful,' hazard? that the death angel might smite you? that the door might shut? that the:,Holy spirit might fly. away and leave you undone and desolate ?, phi,' what a , mercy that God spared ? you ; ' that, :when\ you looked back God. did not look back' Vi'that; when you stopped 'praying ' 'Go'd'. did! npt,. .stop' beseeching.; that the blood of atbiieme,nt,, upon which (you ;put; your, ungrateful foot, did not cry out in vengeance against your soul I I look upon you. with amazement. I thrill with horror at the riskyouran. I feel as' if. to-day I must with unwonted earnestness - lay hold of that soul, less the mandate from the throne go forth, 'Cut him down! why cumberoth ho the ground?? ; Oh, God, spare him another hour. . Hold back the decree. Knock once more at the iron gate of his soul. My, messenger of salvation, and make quick work ere it.be too late. But why should I, my brother, plead with you about your duty when you know' it better than I can tell you?. Ministers of religion may get some novelty of expression and some originality of illustration; but, after all, we- leel that we are announcing the same old truths that have been ringing through the Church of . Christ for ages. We dare preach no other doctrine; for the, apostle says, ' If anyone, though he be an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel,; let him be accursed.' ????,-? ' ' Yes, my friends, you know all -this story. You will not in the last great day be able. to plead ignorance. You know if you die out of Christ; you die for ever. You know that the days of your probation on earth are so uncertaint that nothing can do more uncer tain. You know that m , proportion as the soul's opportunities for salvation have been numerous and elevated, its last account will bo stupendous. You know — you cannot doubt it— that beyond the, margin of this life there is another lif e— a glorious heaven or an awful hell, and that towards one of those destinies. , you are speeding swifter than the lightning! ,You know all that. You know it so well that you can never, say you, did not know it.. Gould you blame God if He should cease importuning ?' Could you blame the.IIoly Ghost if. he .should be gone? Could you blame, the Lord Jesus Christ if He should say, 'I, have done. I pleaded with that! man.,; He has rejected .'Me. Now I willreject. him ?.' ; What plea, .what excuse could you make at: the last day? Could you say, ? ,'? I never had any chance?' Why,'- the open books of judg ment, ; .would ;show you the record ; of; Sabbaths-77-serinpns,— 10,000 religious advaiir tdges- Would' you say, 'I. never was 'warned ?' .'.. The storj' would be told on that day that you were often impressed with the i uncertainty of life ; men . falling ou either side of you ; accidents crashing into eternity men and women, j erhaps, whom you knew 1 right well, and ?vvhoiri you' knew wer6 not ready to go. ? - , ?; ; ! AVould yoii say on that day, ' I could not convert myself ?' God would reply, ' I was ready at your call, by My omnipotent Spirit,; to convert you.' Ah, no, my brother, on that day, it you neglocf what I-tell you' this morning, you -will be speechless. The ;voico of your conscience affirming the stern decrees' ' of Gbd;r it will -need no sentence from the throne-V-you [ will utter your own sentence.' :It;i will, need no'ritriplement of torture-1— your ' conscience will1 be the inquisition. ?' God' will riot' push you off, you' will 'jump '-off. No apology to make. No possible' escape.' Then and1 there you :will see the awful mistake you iriade in this world— haying put your hand to the gospel plough,' in an evil hour ten^ted by the devil and allured by a.siriful world, you looked back. If you should sell a thousand' pounds' worth of goods and get for. them' a worthless- note, if you should go into a speculation, and your partner in' the' specu lationshould go off with all the capital, you would not be so cheated as you have been ten thousand times cheated about your soul ; and Satan; encouraged by the fact that he has robbed you successfully s'p ' often, attempts now to swindle you out of heaven. There are some of you to' whom' God has given very 'large; faculties for .usefulness. If you had come into' the kingdom of 'God;- you might have made the ' Church of Christ rejoice long ago, and what vast usefulness you might1 liave accomplished' with the mental furniture which- God gave you 1 And yet, I think, that you are ready to admit that; so 'far as your own soul is ; concerned,'- and so far as the welfare of others is concerned, your' life has been a failure, and the- only question, is now, whether the few remaining years of your life shall go in the same direction. Oh, if at last you have a deliberate g/-ing out of this world ; if, lying down to die, you know .you are going to die, and you have an opportunity of looking back upon your lif e, I am afraid that your pillow will be1 very hard and thorny; That must bed mighty Catholicon which' can soothe the anguish of ;a man looking back upon a wasted life. Amid the chief sorrows of that day to' you1 will be the- consideration that you 'once were almost : disenthralled from sin^' that ' once you did make up your mind to seek after God,1 and did really start heavenward; and put -'your1 hands on the1 plough, but lacking in persistence of purpose; and wrongly estimating the hazards you ran,, and deceived by the fatal spirit of pro crastination, you looked1 back. 'Behold, now is the accepted time, now is the day of Balvation.'- ' Look to Christ, and live. 