Wltitl; the Anglican Church Says 011 Moral and Social Questions. A book containing a report of toe proeeediugs of tlie Anglican Confeienee at Lambeth, England, has been published. An Encyclical Letter serves as preface. I i CONFLICTING UTTERANCES ON TKMrERANCE. 'Noble and self-denying efforts,' says the Let ter, ' have been made for many years, within nnd without the Church, for the suppression of intem perance, nnd it is our earnest hope that these efforts will he increased manifold. The evil ef fects of this sin in the life of the Church and nation can scarcely . he exaggerated. But we are constrained to utter a caution against a false principle which threatens to creep in and vitiate much useful woik. Highly valuable as we be lieve total abstinence to he as n means to an end, we desire to discountenance the language which condemns the. use of wine ns wrong 111 itself, in dependently of its effects on ourselves or on others, and we have expressed our disapproval of a reported practice (which seems to he due to some extent to the tacit assumption of this principle) of substituting some other, liquid in the celebration of Holy Communion.' The committee appointed to consider the duty of the Church with regard to intemperance, on the contrary, advises 'that the main weapon to he used in this warfare is the practice of total abstinence from intoxicntiug liquors by those who desire to help their fellow-men.' Flight from temptation, to observe, is the natural mode of dealing with sins of the flesh. The burden of temperance work must lie home by those who abstain entirely; alt hough everyone, of course, is not hound to take up tliiB particular burden, or need be so weak as to find safety only in fleeing the temptations of drink. In respect to temperance legislation, the committee advises the Church to press on all Governments the duty of diminishing the enormous amount of temptation which at present hinders the work of elevating and civilising the masses. A CRUSADE AGAINST IMPURITY PROCLAIMED. On tiie other hand,' says the Letter, 1 Chris- tain society is only now awakening to a sense of its active duty in the matter of purity ; and we therefore desire to avail ourselves of an occasion which has brought together representatives of the Anglican communion from distant parts of the world to proclaim a crusade ngninst that sin which is before all others a defilement of the body of Christ nnd a desecration of the temple of tho Holy Spirit. We recall the earnest langu age of the report — we believe that nothing short of general action by all Christian people will avail to arrest the evil ; we call upon you to rally round the standard of a high and pure morality.' The committee on purity (of which the Bishop of Durham was chairman) are not blind to the danger of dealing publicly with the subject of impurity, and dread the effect, especially upon theyoting, of any increased familiarity with the details of sin, notwithstanding they hold that the time lias come when the Church must speak with no uncertain voice. They accordingly sub- milted a series of solemn declarations upon tiie subject : — ' We solemnly declare that a life of purity is alone worthy of a being created in the image of God. ' We declare that for Christians the obligation to puri'y rests upon the sanctity of the body, which i'b the " temple of the Holy Ghost." ' We declare that a life of chastity foi the un married is not only possible, hut is commanded by God. ' We declare that there is no difference be tween man and woman in the sinfulness of sins of unchastity. ' We declnro that on the man, in his God- given strength of manhood, rests the main re- ponsibility . ' We declare that no one known to be living an immoral life ought to he received in Chris tian society. ' We solemnly protest against all lowering of the sanctity of marriage. ' We would remind all of whom our \oice may reach, that the wrath of God, alike in Holy Scripture and in the history of the world, has been revealed against the nntions which have transgressed the law of purity, and we solemnly record our conviction that, wherever marriage is dishonored, and sins of fclie flesh are lightly re garded, the home life will be destroyed, and the nation itself will, sooner or later decay and parish.' The cunmittfe add that the Bishops severally have rle'eriiiiiied to confer on this weighty mat ter with the clergy and faithful laity of their respective dioceses. The report of the committee on purity is the only report which was adopted by the Confer ence ; the others were merely received. THE SANCTITY OF MARRIAGE. ' In vital connection with the promotion 'of purity,' says the Letter, ' is the maintenance of ttie snncitity of marriage, which is the centre of morality. This is seriously compromised by facilities of divorce, which have been incrensed in recent years by legislation in some countries. We have therefore held it our duty to reaffirm emphatically the precept of relating thereto, and to offer Home advice which may guide the clergy of 0111 Coiimiiiuior, in their attitude towards any infringement of the Master's rule.' ' THE " LORD'S HAY" A PRICELESS HERITAGE. The Letter calls ' upon the leisurely classes not selfishly to withdraw from others the oppor tunities of rest and religion. We call upon master nnd employer jealously to guard the pri vileges of the servant and the workman. In the ' Lord's Day' we have a priceless heritage. Whoever misuses it incurs a terrible responsi bility.' THE STUDY OF SOCIALISM " A NOBLE PURSUIT.'" The report of the committee on Socialism is ' submitted' not ' commended,' like other reports — to consideration by the Conference. It is Bigned by the Bishop of Manchester, and is a most interesting document. The committee broadly define Socialism as any scheme of social reconstruction. . . which aims at uniting labor and the instruments of labor (land and capital), whether by means of the State, or of the help of the rich, or of the voluntary co- operation of the poor." 'Intimately connected with these moral ques tions,' say tho Letter, 'is the attitude of the Chistian Church towards the social problems of the day. Excessive inequality in the distribu tion of this world's goods — vast accumulation and desperate poverty side by side ; these sug gest many anxious considerations to any thought- ful person who is penetrated with the mind of Christ. No more important problems can well occupy the attention — whether of clergy or laity — than such ns are connected with what is po pularly called Socialism. To study schemes proposed for redressing the social balance, to welcome the good which may be found in the aims or operations of any, and to devise methods, whether by legislation of by social combinations, or in any other way, for a peaceful solution of the problems without violence or injustice, is one of the noblest pursuits which can engage the thoughts of those who strive to follow in the footsteps of Christ. Suggestions are offered in the report which may assist in solving this problem.' A son of the Rev. W. E. Greene, of London, who is doing temporary duly for the Ilov. Dr. El well, at Edington, near Bridgewnter, playfully discharged 11 pen gun, which lie was accustomed to pi a 'lice with in his garden, nt a nurse girl, named Jane Pqulte'r, in his father's employ, nnd the pellet with which it was loaded struck her in the forehead and penetrated the brain. Death resulted in a few minutes later. The hoy is aged 11 years and the girl waslGyenrs ' of age. A STRANGE discover' was made the other day hv a miner at the Monte Cristo claim, Little f Kenditro. who discoverer) five live frogs in the | s-i'id reef at a depth of200 feet. The frogs ap peared to i'f Ml pence' to-.. ,;h. 