THE NATIVE WAR IN SAMOA. FURTHER LOSS OF LIFE. HANSACKING TIIE TOWN OF A ANA DESULTORY FIOHTING. ARRIVAL OF TWO BRITISH WARSHIPS. (from oitr special correspondent.) AriA, October 'J. — Tho lntcat news regarding the native outbreak is a little reassuring. Mn- taafa'o followers are still fortified beyond Slatouta. Their numbers have been largely augmented by the arrival of over 200 men from MnnoniL The latter are credited with belnrr tho best fighters on tha water in any part of tha group. They brought two canoes up with them, which are mounted ready for ns», on tho coast to windward, this side of Atna. In Atua there are over 1000 follower, of Tamasose, who aro strongly fortified and entrenched. They also have plenty of ammunition, which means a groat thing in a war of this kind. At present the English and German residents liavo been notified that any one selling guns or ammunition to a kanaka will bo severely dealt with. Tho Americans, however, aro making hay while the Bnn shines, and aro doing a big business at fahnlouu prices. Nowa is expected from Washington shortly prohibiting Americans from selling firearms to the natives. There is one large American storekeeper here who has abstained from trafficking in firearms with tho kanakas. His namo is Mr. D. S. Parker, and he deserve, the thanks of every well-meaning citizen on tho island by so doing. During tho ovening of September IS a scare was raised that the town was going to be rushed by the followers of Tamasose. Forts were hurriedly raised at different parts of the beach to bar tho progress of the attacking party, a miniatnre fort being raised immediately in front of the Government Printing-oiileo, Tho intended attack did not, however, take place. Tho Gorman Consul has kept faith with Mataafa in regard to the neutral ground I wrote you about por Lubeck. Not so with tho rebels, who have complete charge of the town, and keep nrmed watches along tho beach nil through tho night. They deserve great credit for the orderly manner In which they are conducting tho war. A resident of tho beach can walk along at any honr of tho day or night withont the least molestation. What the white resi dents are afraid of is that the natives may get excited by false rumors, and rush the town. From personal observation, aud what infor mation can he gathered from tho nction of the natives in formor wars, I think there will be no fighting on tho city side of Visaiago bridge. Should any serious engagement take place it will be in tho neighborhood of Atua, some five miles from bore, when a great many lives will ho sacrificed, as the parlies are very bitter at present. A peculiar movoment of the Mataafa people took place 011 Septembor 24. Tho people of Aana ate strong followers of Tamasese, con sequently tho warriors are all at Mulinuc Point, leaving all their old women and men and children behiud. Homo 500 of tho picked mon from Matnafa's party jour neyed down to Anna and killed all tha pigs and chickens belonging to the villagers. Trees wore cut down, and the. town totally ran sacked. To make matters complete they brought the old mcu, women and children along with tliem and put them into Hnlinuu, so that thoy should assist in eating the followers of Tamasese out. It was a very ingenious move on tho pare of tho rebels ; hut they are not awaro of the fact that in Mr. Brandeis, the ad visor to tho king, who is under the German protectorate, they ate dealing with a man who passed his examinations in the German army till ho attained the position of captain. Con sequently, tho strategy and brains of a drilled Soldier aro on tho aide of Tamasese. When tho Mulinnn people run short of food they take to their boats and go out foraging ou auother part of the island. When noticed by tbo othor side they immediately put off, and a fight at sea takes placo. On Saturday, the 22nd, two men were wounded, who have since died. On the following Monday 15 boats crowded with natives loft Mulinuu to assist some of their followers who wore returning from tho const with provisions. Tlio townspeople crowded along tlio road to Matouta to witness what was ex pected to be a severe naval engagement. They wero disappointed, however, for the follower of Tamascso kept well out to sea and did not pass to windward of Mutuuta Point, Mataafa's men did not go to meet them, cxpocting the Mulinuu contingent to go further down tlio coast. Late in the afternoon some firing took placo, with tho result that four mOre unfortu nate natives lost their lives. The neutral ground noar the German firms was the scone of a scramble on Friday morn ing. ' Soma of the Mulinuu people came to tho store to purchase goods when they were set upon with sticks and stones, one poor fellow being very seriously injured. Fortu. natoly the natives woro not armed, fieihg sis close to tho heart of the . town, serious damage would probably have resulted had rifles been brought into use. Last evening tho natives were innlitied fcif it row, as thoy had been warned by the German Consul to leave some of their villages adjoin ing tho Vitaeli plantation. The latter is one of tlio manv properties on the island belonging: to the Deulscher-Handols Company. The rebels have been robbing the plantations of coconnuts aud bananas, besides killing a great number of pigs. Had tho rebels refused to leave their quarters they would have been driven out by the German gunboat Adler. The German squadron is expected here within sir, weeks from now, when, no donbt, the matter will be practically settled Ycstorday morning; soino firing took place, with the result that a woman, who was fishing on tlio reefs at Viusn, lost her life. Although contrary to law, and certainly to tho injury of the Kanakas, some people on tha beach bavo been supplying, some of the rebels with Btrong drink. The result is that several of them were roaming about last night in a state of intoxication. Tho effect of this is impossible to forsoe, for giving tho natives every credit for tho respect they bear tho white population, when they get filled with the rubbish that is given to them for gin it is Impossible to keep them from quarrelling. The formal letter forwarded to the thref consuls reads as follows . Rnlors of Samoa, . Foloula, Septombor 0. 1882, To his Excolloncy, Cobtlogan, British Ooasul, Apia. Tour Exoollonoy,— Wo, tho chidls and rulers of tho fiamoan Govornmont. This is our ootrcatles to your HxcoUeuoy, that this day by the decision of ail ohiefs of Bamoa. havo ;olecteu in the person of his Royal Highness Malletoa To'oa Mataafa as our klug. And auother tnatter which wo luform your Excel lency lline it has been decided by all Samoa that Tamasese shall bo removed from bis appointment as Ring of Samoa, and also Mr. Drandois, who is speaking without authority in the politics of finmoaa Go vernment, is to bfe removed this day. Wo, tho wholo of Snmon, lmvo agreed upon this matter aud wo have decided that prosperity and peacd shall ho pcrmanont iu ramoa. Oar desire nnd wish in there dot's that tve could select three gontlemen of the Urcnt Powers to direct nud advlso us in our pre sent Government. Wo trust that you will accept of out letter as Well as our wish. May your Excellency live. Wo nro Titmua, ruling people of Samoa; Puis, accoud rulers of SaiAoa; and Alga, relation of Mnlietoa, Of Atua : Inu, Tuisiimoa, Tuntagnlooi Moleisea, Alnlnsa, Tnflloa, Salimoa, Ttiisiln, Lcota, Tngaloo. Of Tuauinsogn : Fa to, Matnlo, Sclull, Atna, Te'o, Tofnebno, Scumanutafu, Patu. Flslsoi, Solea, Pule, Luntunhuu, Of llnnono : Lclatana Tttlmoalealiifaho, Mulipole, Futi. Punlvnlu. Of Anna : Tttimnlbnlilfano, Pasavaln, Lb mala, Aiono Tunlfniva, Tnefu. 01 Snvallt Pa'u.Lellua, Lulinaanga, Lu, Lagaaia, Aslntn. Some of tho.chiefR named in this list are at present at the headquarters of Tamaseae, Native names, as regards similarity, are as tha BroWn, Jones nnd Robinson family. From this it will be seen that the Kanaka is equal to the Heathen Chinee for " ways that are dark." At present it is a well known fact that the rebels are daily growing Bhort of ammunition, as it is a commpn practice at night for them to fire a volley to scare ghosts away, for whom they bnve a great drend. There is no donbt, how ever, that further Bhiphients bf cartridges hive . been ordered by tho dealers in this profitable description of merchandise. 11.80 a.m. — There is great excitement in town this morning consequent on the arrival of two English men- of-war- At half-past 10 o'clock the Calliope, with tho Admiral on hoard, steamed to an nnchorago inside tho channel, closely fol lowed by the English gunboat Lizard, ' both from Tonga. At tho time of writing the beach is lined by natives, who are rushing about cinpping their hands in great glee. They havo beon led to believe that tlio "men-of-war Britannia," as the Kannkns ' style them, will help them In this trouble. They are simply false hopes, however, for from what I learn from' nn authentic source England has tacitly agreed to tha Bamoan Government rulo under tbo Gorman protectorate. Tbe ont- como as regards uative affairs during the next few days is anxiously looked forward to. Mrs. Huge, the wlfo of an old nnd respected merchant, died yesterday morning, and was buried to-day nt ii a.m. Bhock to tho nervous Bystom daring tho late fight at Matautn is sup posed to havo hnstencd her death. The funeral was ' largely attended, German Vice-consul Bichrmnun, assisted by Mr. W. H. Wilson, late acting English consul, reading the funeral ser vice in an impressive manntr. 