HAUNTED BY HARRIET. \- 'Rv 7. W. RoBnrsoir. I don't know that it will take me very long to get this story into shape. It ia not a long story, and I am a Bhort man. I mean abort in nation And nmfleoh — short and aharn— for as to my height, if it is any satisfaction to anybody I may aa well state at once that I am five feet four. My name is Gabble, and at the time of which I write I was chief dark —confidential clerk— to Solomon Dredge, solicitor, of Greenmould-Htreet, Spifcalfields. Spitalfields was never a famous locality for solicitors, but there were a lew of us about there— not of the highest standing, perhaps, but we did a goodish bit of business, and saved many a client from rushing West to fool his cash away out of the parish. Old Solomon Dredge did, perhaps, more business than most of the Far-Eaat solicitors ; he had been longer established, and was well-known as a sharp, close-fisted, ironclad old gentle man, who knew as much aa most folk. When bis brother was living— Dion Dredge— the firm of Dredge & Dredge was known in the profession as 'Tbe Knives,!' and well it deserved the appellation. A sharp firm — very. It did a lot of business with ladies and gentlemen from Whitechapel, who were always getting into trouble from some cause or other; it was clever at County Court and Police Court cases, and absolutely great in lending money to needy shopkeepers, and selling them up, roc: and branch, stock and stone, when the moufj was not forthcoming. They were days of rich hauls too, those good old days, and Solo-non Dredge was said to be wealthy. Very probably he was, for he never spent his money,, and wore the same old long, Bnuff coloured coat that he was married in forty years ago. That's what people said about him in Spitalfields. However, he was a sound, sharp lawyer ; and those very, same scurrilous people, when they got into difficulties were always glad to have him on their side. He did his duty by them, and was not too particular. He had a greater stock of witnesses for the detence to draw upon than any solicitor I have ever known — alibis who would swear to anything for a five-pound note — a few of them for as small an amount as five shillings, when times were extra hard. Wonderfully cheap wit nesses !— and generally to be relied upon. Of late days, when Solomon Dredge was getting, and looking, an old man — he owned to seventy-five and looked eighty-nine or thereabouts — he had not shown that tre mendous interest and energy in business for which he had been remarkable. He took long spells of rest at his house in Hackney road, went sometimes into the country, Oeptford way, for rfunge of air, and left more of the business in my hands ; bo much, at last, in my hands, that every day I thought that he had made up his mini to take me into partnership. I had been thinking he would do this for twenty-five years or there abouts. I had been building upon it. I was not a qualified solicitor, but that would not have mattered a great deal— that can always be managed, and I may say at once that he never did take me into partnership, but died the same selfish, testy, unprincipled, mercenary old rip, whom I had known all my life. I don't mind saying as much as that now. I only wish I could have mustered up courage to say it to his leathery old chops before they carted him away to rlensal Green, where ha had got a bit of ground, dirt cheap— for an overdue debt— from his one rackety nephew, who bad run through all his father's property like wildfire. Still, this freehold grave was in tbe family, and Solomon had the consola tion of knowing that be should be buried with his brother, the defunct Dion, with whom he had not agreed for five consecutive minutes during the whole period of their nart.-nershin tnsrether. xne omce oi ureage a x-f eage-rpoioinon kept up thelegal fiction of the firm, it looked so much more imposing, painted ia white on two brown wire blinds — was in Greenmould street, hot a very long distance from Spital fields Church and Market; in fact, you could smell the scale cabbage leaves of the market whenever the windows were left open. There were two windows to the.oifiee, which was on the ground floor, and a street door that openep by the pulling of a chain which hung over my desk, and saved me the trouble of getting off my stool, and the firm the expense of an office boy. Greenmould-8treet was a very quiet street —had been a fashionable street once upon a time, but the houses had got grimy and worm eaten, and were as a rule, let in flats, and swarmed with the oddest kinds of lodgers. Solomon Dredge was at Deptford again when the incident occurred which I have thought it as well to write out whilst I have a clear notion of it alL He had been ailing felt a bit nervous, could not account fora nadty pain in his chest, and a nastier pain in the Bmall of his back— and I had not seen him for five days. Business was not brisk — it was Christmas time nearly— and the weather was too cold for people to go to law. I was sole clerk — there was no one under me ; from morning till night I had had for five days the office all to myself. I may remark here that I was a single man, and slept always in the office. Mr. Dredge thought it was safer to have some one always on the premises, and deducted a certain amount per week— trust him for that— for rent from my miserable pittance. And it was a miserable pittance, although I had put a little money by— just enough to bury me decently, or indecently, according to the taste or want of taste, of my executors. I did not much care how it was. I had not much interest in the transaction. I had grown tired of life and the law. I doubt if even I had been offered the partner ship whether it would have stirred me up much. I was 68, and had gout in the knees. Invidious and untruthful folk said I looked older than Dredge. Let me say here, and for the fairer compre hension of what follows, that I was not a nervous man, that I had not an atom of fancifulneas in my composition, that my affections, impulses, tomfooleries had dried up long ago, and that 1 was as, much & b1«— uf parchment as the deeds t gometimea '£ KrceEed f «r *he Pr-1olpal and client. Indeed, 1 hdd pnae£ myBelf for many years upon my cooL grave, businesslike stolidity. I had had bo little to excite me in Graenmould-atreet Bince young Dion went to lAuatralia that I had grown greenmouldy myself. Young Dion was the nephew who had run through his father's share of the business and come to grief : a rackety, reckless, and slap dach young fellow, who hated the law, his uocle, and me, and made fun of all three of us, and was a great trouble till he came to the end of his resources. But I liked the lad. I never said so ; and I'm sure he never guessed it. I don't know why I should have liked him either, for he identified me always with bis uncle, and said hard things, and called me harder names when he was in his cups, which was not at all unfrequent. There was some thing in him to like— perhaps that was it. He was so full of life ; he was always so much in earnest ; he had so supreme a contempt for his uncle and his uncle s ways ; he protested so warmly against anything which was, to his mind, base and mean ; he was so unlucky : he did such foolish acts— that was why I liked him. Contrast of character ; admira tion of a man who did not care for money, and who defied Old Dredge^-perhaps all that accounted for my liking him on the quiet; but he never guessed it— never credited me with possessing, at that time, any human feeling. And yet when his uncle sold him up and settled him I cried behind the door of the iron safe, and cursed my muter, and hoped that a judgment would come home to him ; bat no one knew it. guessed it, dreamed of it. I was only old Gubble. I find I am wandering in my narrative after all. I am diffuse. This is like being paid per folio. Let me get on. Dredge, then, as aforesaid, had been luxuriating in Deptford some five days. It was a wintry morning, and there were signs of snow in the air, and now and then a hand-, ful of snowfiakes would flicker past the window-panes as if they presently., meant business. I do not, as a rule, take any notice of external matters when I am at my desk. When Solomon Dredge was in the office you may be sure I did not, as he would have deducted such inattention from my salary ; but I remember that on this day I looked up once or twice from the draft which I #as copying, as though the first flakes of the season were of some Uttle interest to me, and the second time I looked up I became aware of a pale, pinched woman's face, look ing over the wire blind at me. I scowled back at the female and resumed my writing, and the female disappeared. There was nothing uncommon in any one looking over the wire blind into the office— it occurred now and then — and I thought no more of the matter. Tall meD and women, as they passed, glanced in occasionally, and little boys had been known to climb upon each other's shoulders, and take it ia turns to see what was going on inside. There are some folk who will be curious or die for it. Ten minutes afterwards, the light outside was again obscured by the interposition of Bomebody between it and the window glass, and there remained a fixture till I looked up again. It was a dark morning, and I wanted all the light I could get without interfering with the gasbumer, which Mr. Dredge did not like any one trifling with, and the thick head of even one observer made a difference. I looked up sharply at last, and there was the some woman again glaring in at me with an anxioua stare. 1 book my head at her. I squeaked out, 'Go away !'— I have a piping voice, with a natural tremolo in it— but the woman took no notice, and continued to stare in, and by degrees the face made an impresaion upon me that was peculiar. I began to wonder what the woman wanted, why ahe had come twice to look in at me— what there was of interest in this grimy, dost-dnsd office, or in H»& gnmyi dBat-dtjed, toe, to keep hag string , there. She must be a tall woman 2o look bo easily over the blind, I thought, and her face was bo white and haggered that it might have stood for a death's head framed ia a rusty crape bonnet, with rusty crape flowers to match, surmounting it. And the eyes were so full of Borrow, had such a woe-begone ex pression in them, that they began even to affect me,,as p&rties; susceptible to mesmeric influence are affected, I have heard ; not that ever believed in all that nonsense myself. I thought I had better stare this woman out, and after a while I succeeded, for the face was withdrawn from the window, and its owner went away. The woman was not long upon my mind, and with a pea ia my haad and a deed- before me I was bound- to go onr ustr as a clock is bound to go on till rua down for good. For half an hour I proceeded in my usual way, when suddenly, almost with a jerktbiB time, up .rose that saturnine visage over the blind once more. ' Bless ray soul !' 1= ejaculated on this occasion. I caught myself saying it. I was completely surprised, calm and- unmoved as I might have been to- her. What did she want? If ? it were business, she would have knoeked just as readily aB other people did, and I could have pulled the chain- and ad mitted* her, .and listened to her cue. But to stand' staring there was particularly objec tionable. This time she was not bo long, surveying me and the r remises ; she probably knew- me by heart now, for before I- could; make up my mind how I should resent this third intru sion, she had once more disappeared; only to return, though, ia about twenty minutes, and look in as hard as ever for a minnte or two and again retire. This was getting too much of a joke, and I was- actually getting nervous — I, .Silas Gubble, who had never been ner vous in all my life before. All this very much of a coincidence, of course, easily accounted for if one only held the clue,, but nevertheless incomprehensible to me^ The woman was probably waiting for some one, and to while away the time, looked in over the blind every time she passed to see how I was getting on. Very probably Bhe was anno; ing other persons down th.9 street in the same fashion,, and they were equally as perplexed. There would be a row on shortly, I thought ; some neighbours I knew would not stand any persistent joking of that description. It did not matter to me so much. If it amused anybody to watch me — why, let them be amused. It was only a pity that they were bo easily pleased. It was only ? ' There she is again !' ' Yes, too much of a joke. I was quite right. It was. 1 found I began to think less of my work than of the woman outside, and to wonder how long it would be before she looked ever the blind again, and how long I wea expected to sit and bear the in&iotion.; No one came to the office that day to relieve the monotony of the day's routine. If any body had called I should have told him all about it. and made a bet with him when the face would reappear. I was getting demo ralized. I found myself writing down ia my beBt round hand—' Payment to be made on the usual days for payment of rent — viz,, Michaelmas, Christmas, Lady-day, and yes terday,' and a little further on ' the woman to have immediate right of possession,' the tenant was Go wan, the batcher ia the next street, when the face once more rose like a jaundiced moon and peered in. I could stand it no longer. There was something too uncanny about it. The woman would drive me out of my mind. I was not used to this und of thing at alL I jumped from my stool *nd shuffled as quietly as I could to the street door, which I opened, and then looked into the street. Of course, there was no woman. She was not going to be stopped and asked half a hundred questions by me. And the gout at my knees hindered my getting along very fast. There was almost the whole length of Greenmould-street on my right— she had not gone that way, unless she had walked into an open doorway. There was no one about but a little girl with a stone jug, toddling to the beershop, and the catsmeat manhalf way down the street catting up hif ' ha'porths,' and surrounded by yelling felines in every stage of hunger and despair. On the left there were four doors between Dredge's office and the corner of the next street, into which she had probably slipped. I hurried past tfcoBe four doorB and peered round the corner. There was no tall being in a black-crape bonnet in that direction either— there were two slatternly girls laughing with a baker's man. a sweep on the other side of the way yelping dismally, and a policeman tramping slowly away from me. A policeman ! No ; he would only smile at me. There was nothing to talk to a policeman about. In the fresh air the whole thing seemed supremely ridiculous. I would go indoors and have my dinner. I had my dinner in the office — Mr. Dredge always gave strict orders that the office was not to beleit for a single instant on any pretence whatever. I spread my 6 ounces of brisket of beef upon the newspaper they had wrapped it in at Sweatem's in Bishops \--ate-8treet, produced my penny loaf and . penknife, and set to work. The watcher die not come during the meal. Perhaps she had gone to dinner too, or had gone away foi gocd, seeing that my suspicions were aroused. I hoped that she had gone away for good. ] did not want to Bee her any more. But I was not to be quit of her so easily. At half- past 3, when I thought Bhe really bad gone, when 1 could almost fancy she had passed oat of mj mind, once more that sallow, ugly, crape bedizened jowl rose over the street side oi the window blind and looked fixedly at me. I felt little prickles at the roots of my grej haire. How long was this kind of game likely to last ? ' What the devil do you want ?' 1 shriekee out in an enraged tone ; bat whether the woman heard me or not I could not tell. Sh- continued to look almost pathetically a.fc me but when I scrambled off my stool and ma.d| for the door, Bhe vauHh.e.dl_ Aj th? door ace lopbiDg down thA ^ee-tj o{ cour?e- c()uld Qo, see a trace of her. It was peculiar and ghost like — but I did not believe in ghosts, and '. had never heard of ghosts turning up in thi daylight and looking through peoDle'a win dows with no other object than that o; annoying those who were inside the room. It was a real annoyance, too. It was i complete distraction from work. I seemec to have nothing elae to do but wait for her but she did not come again before the blinc was down, and I had shut her ugly face out It was a relief to me to light the gas ; bu when I had done work and put away rm papers and had my tea— I never indulged ii Buppers— I was not quite sure, weary as J was, that I wanted to go to bed. £ turned in early aa a rule, a little after 9 o'clock, an( was glad to get another day over ; but at ! o'clock that night I was wide awake anc staring. A wild idea of ^oing for a walk ai far as Shoreditch Church crossed my mind— of completely tiring myself out — of slippinj into the bar parlour of the Coach and Horsei and trying conviviality and four of Scotch— of seeing what they wer a doing at the St&ndarc; and the Penny Alhambra just by, which wai a flourishing institution at that time— o: going even as far aB the Britannia— anything for a change. Then it struck me it might not be a fin- night, and that the snow, which had bee: threatening all day, might have come dowi with a vengeance since the afternoon. AI was very still in Greenmould-street. I re collected suddenly that I had not heard t footfall for hours, and that it was probable people were noiselessly slipping past the window. Not a cart or cab had gone by ; ii was unusually and unnaturally still foi Greenmould-Btreet after dark. After dark the street generally woke up a great deal The people in the fiats came home and beat their wives, there was plenty of screaming and cries of murder, and boys and girls ran up and down and whooped till sapper time. Yes, it was unearthly. I went to the window, drew aside the blind, and looked out. I soon dropped the blind and looked in though. The woman was there close to me, her miserable countenance only separated from me! by a sheet of window- glass. The blind had been askew after all, and the ob jectionable female was trying hard to peer in and see what I wa3 doing now. She was as startled as I was— and that was re assuring. Ghosts are not likely to be frightened themselves when taken unawares, although I suppose they must be subject to surprises now and then. They can't have it all their own way in churchyards and haunted houses ; they must clash with one another occasionally. At all events, this ghost, or this perti nacious female, was a bit startled when I looked out suddenly. The nose had been flattened against the glass, and was as white and round at the tip as a shilling, a Bizn of real substantiality that was reassuring tome, till I thought of burglary. Greenmould-street bore an ugly reputation at the further end, where the lodging-houses were numerous, ana Old Dredge was reported to be as rich as a Jew. Did the nefarious classes think Old Dredge's house was worth breaking into, and was thin woman on watch to make sure that there was no ona else on the premises but me? Was I taken for Old Dredge himself, and out of the many hundreds who owed my principal a grudge was there one who could not tell the difference between that miserable old man and me ? Fancy being murdered for Old Dredge, and Dredge getting off scot free. Had Dredge, I wondered, been trifling with the affections of thia lanthorn-jawed woman in the crape bonnet, and was she waiting to give him a bit of her mind ? It was scarcely in Dredge's way to be after the girls. Was that woman outside as mad aa a hatter, and had she eluded her keeper, and been prospect ing the office as a likely place of refuge! Or was it some extra impressionable specimen of the sex who had take a sudden fancy to me, and was mustering up her courage to come for ward? XWt likely thi*, but then what was UBStf J ? ' ?? . -. .??:?..? ??? .;-_.. ! -Should I be free from her the next day, or was I a haunted man from that time forth ? That was the question which kept me awake the greater part of the night, disturbed by my own wild? speculations, and harassed by all the noises which an empty house will make after dark. The first and second floors of the house were to let, I may add, and had -een to let for many months. Solomon Dredge had talked more than once of taking the first floor and constituting it hia home, but he had not been able to heat down the landlord as to the price yet, so he livai still in the Hackney-road, and when a bit poorly, aa hereinbefore mentioned, he sought fresh air at Deptford. He never west far oat of London because of the expense. I was glad the next day when I received a letter from him by the first post, informing me that he should be at business ia tbe course of the morning. I had had no- pre- vious- recolle«tion of being glad to bear that he was coming to the office— it had been always a relief to me to be sure be was going to keep away, but on this occasion I was positively pleased. I must be getting old and foolish. That -ack-in-the-box woman, combined with tbe bad night I had had, bad disturbed my natural composure. To think that a paltry incident like that should have affected me. I could not be quite welL I would try a tonic or a blood mixture i» the evening, if I did not feel any better. Yes, the sao-w had fallen ia the night ; it had come down at last, in lumps. Green mould street was choked with snow, and they were shovelling it oB the roof all the morning as hard as they could, there being signs of 'a rapid thaw to follow. No- decent female would come oat such a raw and sloppy morning as this. I was safe from surveillance that day at any rate. Besides, there could not be any. possible reason for 'that woman's coming again. But she eame. At half-past 11 a.m., when I had got fairly into work— all the old swing and go of it, to speak somewhat festively — the face reappeared over the blind, and the fishy eyes carefully inspected, me and the premises before their owner withdrew. I felt my blood curdling in my veins. I could not keep up any longer at this kind of game ; this was too much of a bad thine. I had seen so much of this unhealthy yellow face at the window that it had become quite familiar to me. 1 could have cried out, ' How are you this morning, old girl ?' had I been younger and more flippant. In a day or two more possibly I should look forward to it, suoh is the force of habit ; bnt till that time arrived I thought it would be more politio now to look for a policeman. I could not give the woman in charge, because it is not an offence against the law to Btare through a window, but I could not state the case to the police, and ask at the station what was the best thing to be done. If I could interview the woman myself, it would be satisfactory. Oat in the street, I should not be afraid of her. And anything was better than these periodio appearances. If I could only catch her ! I became strategetio. I put my hat upon a chair hady to seize, and I took up my place close to the office door, so that at her reap pearance I could dart into the street And failing to get hold of her, I could go on to tbe Police Station and report that I was haunted. 'Now I am ready she will not come,' I thought. It was 12 o'clock then, and I had wondered once or twice why Mr. Dredge had not put in an appearance as he had promised. It was not an hour to be nervous, but I was. The sun was shining on the snow, and all was brightness and lightness and dampness when the shadow of the woman reached the win dow—paused — and again that familiar crape bedizened head rose over the blind. Before the woman knew exactly where I waa, I was outside in the Btreet, and Bhe had only managed to get as far as two houses further on. Ha ! ha ! she was mine — mine at last! *' Here, I Bay — what are yon up to? What are you dodging about like this for? Per haps you'll explain now, will you ? Do you think I am going to be annoyed in this way every day ? Do you want to be locked up ? What are you spying on my premises for? What the devil do you want f ? These were only a few of the- enquiries I hurled at her. I had no idea I coula launch out so warmly, and exhibit so much spirit and defiance. But my blood was warm, if not coursing through my veins, and I was face to face with my tormentor. And she was the weaker vessel ; a, very thin, gaunt, half-starved, high-cheekbaned female, who had had yellow jaundiqa- lately and had not got the colour half out of her complexion or out of her eyes, which- were not pleasant to confront as Bhe rolled them at me in a half ? defiant, half-enquirisg way. ' They ain't yoaj? premises,' Bhe BaicV in a tone of almost insolent dispargement. ' Never mind, I'm in charge of them, and I'm not going to be worried by jeo, You want somebody or something, I suppose ?' 'I do.' ' Oh ! we're getting to it, are w.e ?' I cried : ' who do you want ?' 'Solomon Dredge.' ?'Then why the dickens dJdnt you come and ask for him yesterday T? ' I waited long enough for him, didn't I ?' 'I could have told you he wasn't coming*' ' I shouldn't have taken your word foi that.' «? Oh, wouldn't yon ! Oh, indeed.' ' 1 mast make sure of him myself. Anc till I see him with my own eyeB I shan't g- away. I want him particular. I've come - long way after him. ' Oh ! indeed,' I eaid again, consumed b] curiosity now. From the country then?' ' From the grave'B end ; and if you, ««e bin before I da tell him I'm eo.mlngj wi$yaa?' ?? Wbatr-w&at; nanjg §h$l |fayt v^tmV 'Harriet=', tjAU farther qnefitiona ?nd answersweria _^e moment unceremoniously cut short b; the descent of an avalanche of snow from th houseroof above; somebody cried out ' Below 1' when I was already too mud below— knocked for a time ont of all sem blance of humanity. My hat — always a aiz or two too big for me, because I wore a] Dredge's 'cast ofis,' and his head wa donderouB — went down to my shoulders, am the crape bonnet must have fared but badly When I had wrenched my hat from eyes, th women waa gone. I had had a dizziness am a swimming, and a scrambling to my feel and a panting for breath. The snowfall hat escaped the women, perhaps ; at all events she had escaped me. I did not attempt t- follow her. I was too exhausted am knocked about. I raved up at the men oi the roof instead, and they bawled dom impertinent remarks about my not lookinj out, and being an old fool, and. blind an- silly; and presently, humiliated and hall crushed, I crawled back to the office. I had hardly settled down— in fact, I ha- not settled down— when Mr. Solomon Dredgj came in. He looked limp and worn bimsel —a big man suddenly grown flabby. He wai himself either, or he would have certainl] detected that my composure had beei seriously disturbed, and that I wa 'muddly.' He eat down before the empty fireplace anc shivered. ' Why haven't yon got a fire, Gubble V hi said, reproachfully. ' You did not leave any orders abont a fire or any money for coals,' 1 added. We had coala in by the hundredwefghl from the green grocer's higher np the street. ' Yea. But, good luok, look at the enow f he exclaimed ; ' have you not noticed the snow, Gubble f' I had noticed the snow. I would tell bin of my accident presently when I felt better. Bat my head waa still swimming; I had been within an ace of conoassion on the brain. I was not quite certain, even thea, that I was sitting there unconcussed entirely. 'They would have trusted us for tbe coals, if you hadn't got any money,' he said, satincaily ; ' onr credit's good for a hundred weight, ain't it ?' 'I don't know.' - 'You don't know what, 8irr : ' I say, Mr. Dredge, I don't know. Don't supDose I ever shall know. It's too extra ordinary.' 'Eh?1 He pnt bis hands on his knees, leaned for ward, and looked hard into my face. ' ' Have you been drinking t' 'I don't drink.' ' Is anything the matter with you V ' I feel just as if my head was coming off.' Mr. Dredge rose and made, at once for the door. »~=f Ont of his mind, by Jingo !' I heard him say ; ' great goodness, whars goingto happen next? Was ever a man' ? ,_*iiMia^«j|r^] ?Tm all right, Mr. Dredge. I shall come round in a minute or two, I have met with an accident, that's all.' 'Oh! is that all?' said my principal, re suming bis Beat ' What is it ? I see you're muddy. Have you been run over J' 'No. I was standing outside the door, and they Bhovelled the snow on to me. Half a ton of it. I daresay; perhaps more.' ' And what on earth, sir, did you want outeide the house neglecting your business, and leaving the premises in that way?' he roared out at me. ' I was talking to the ghost— the woman— the whatever it was. Oh, Lord! Horrible!' Mr. Dredge once more rose, and walked cautiously to the door. ' You'd betterrest yourself a bit. Gabble. I'll go for a stroll. I shan't be very long,' he said. 'She's outside,' I said ; 'aha wants to eeeyon. 'What?'. 'I wouldn't go out— I really wouldn't, sir. Ifs you she wants; she said so.' 'Whosaidsor ' Tbe woman with the yellow bonnet and lctai-efBJce,WW'^£ 'Oh, Lord i let me get. oat of thii 1' cried my principal; 'he'a stark and staring 1' 'You'a better hear what I've got to say *jforeyougo,'Isaid; 'it won't take long. She's left something for you.' Mr. Dredge paused again, and looked abont dm. 'Left something! Where te it! I don't see anything;' ' A message.' ' There really is a woman, then,' he said, sternly, ' and no nonsense ?' ' She has been staring at me over the blind for the last two years— days, I mean.' ' Gubble, you must see a doctor, or Spinks the ohemist, say. I wouldn't go on like this —I wouldn't really,' he said, edging himself half into the passage, prepared for immediate flight if I grew dangerous. ' I wouldn't Bay any' more just now. I have been npset myself —awfully disturbed, and I don't think I can bear any more excitement on an empty stomach. I have not bees able to touch my breakfast, you'll be sorry to- hear.' 'I'm only a bit confused, Mr. Dredge. I am coming round all right,' I said. 'Don't go just yet. You had better havs her mes sage.' 'Out with it then.' ' Won't you come in again and ait down?' 'No. I shall stand here for the present What k the message?' ' She aaid she had come for yon.' 'Come forme?' 'Yes.' «? What kind of woman was she ?' c- Tall, very thin— awfully pale and yellow.' 'Just the party. Where did she come from?' ' From the grave,' she said. *? Saints preserve us !' ' She aaid that ahe had come from a very long way after you, and would see yon with her own eyes. Such eyes !' 'Dash her eyes! Did ahe say what her name was, or— or— anything?' he asked, with lis false teeth chattering in his head. And false teeth can chatter when they like. ' Harriet !' 'O-ooo-h!' groaned forth my prinoipal. ?' It's all true^ — it's every bit true. You're not mad, and I am— or shall be ! Oh ! Gabble, 'm the miserablest sinner that ever cum bered this mortal earth.' ' I daresay you are, air. But what are we to do with this party when she calls again ?' 'I don't know— I can't think. I'm a doomed man, I only know that.' He walked back to his seat and began to shiver and moan in a most depressing way. As if I had not had enough to lower my system for the rest of my life already ! He was very bad, and as he sot worse in mind and body bo I got better, I am very thankful to say. When he had become very low and sad, I was as bright aa a button. ' How losg, Gubble, do yon think it will be before that thing turns up again ?' 'It may turn up at any moment You'll Bee it over the blind first 'Pull the cussed blind down then, and light the gas.' When I had done so, be drew a black bordered envelope from his pocket and passed it over to me. 'Yon remember my nephew. Dion?' he asked. ' Perfectly.' ' Bead that ; it's from him.' I opened it 'It's Bhort,' I eaid, glancing at the few linea it contained. ' And not sweet,' he replied. '** Bitter as galL' I read as follows-:.— 'Porto Bico. Weat Indies* ' Ootober 24* 1«-. 'Sir— My mother died this morning of yellow fever. Ii don't know whether it will interest you to know thia ; but she asked me with her last breath to write and tell you. Her troubles, and mine, her straggles and mine, date from your want of charity towards us— your hawi- heartednesH and cruelty. That Bhe might haant you for the rest of her life was her last wish.---Your naphew, DioK Dbkdgb.' ' Her name was Harriet Dredge, Gabble.' ' Ob, dear 1 Then it is she,' I said. ' All the way from Porto Bico. Think of it' ' What a journey at thia time of year.' ' Gabble, you're a fool;' ' Yes, air, I am. I should not have been here if I hadn't been a fool. I know it,. Mr. '?? Dredge, too well.' ! ' Haven't you an idea ? What's to be done ! when— when Harriet cornea ?' ' I— I Bhonld make all the reparation in my power.' I said ; ' and if I were ia your place, sir, before it is too late.' I was a fool, but I think I saw my chance of doing poor Dion a good turn at last. ' What do sou mean?' ' When Bhe comes,' I repKed, 'couldn't something be done to appease her? Put Dion's name down in your will or some thing.' 'I've made my will,' he said; 'ifs in that Bale yonder, and my money goes to the erection of a monument to myself in the market, and to— to — a ward in the hospital— a Dredge ward, and so on.' 'I'm sorry to hear it If the spirit oould have been told that it waa all square with young Dion now.' ' And it was a spirit, Gabble ?' 'Not a doubt of it' 'She said she had come from the grave.' ' Her very words,' I said. ' When I wai struck down Bhe vanished, too.' ' Gubble, get my will out,' he cried, '111 add a codicil; I wont be fetched away in this unceremonious manner. Get the wil out, will yon !' He was very excited now. »'* me the key, which v . —u no flung a shaking h&w;* ' - ,«e had drawn with i — ? — . .*rom the breastpocket of hi IuuttT. I was not long in finding the will, anc placing it upon Old Dredge's desk ; bat hi considered the delay tremendous. ' I never knew any man take such a timi over every thing as yon do, Gabble,' he com plained, aa he walked with difficulty to hi old place. ' I dball have to make a chang- here.' My news had upset him considerably. L\ was strange to see this hard old roai frightened, but it very much refreshed me He had been a big brute all his life, and now he was terribly afraid. It did not take him long to write hi codfcil ; he was well used to that kind o: business, and I went round next door anc got a neighbour— Wilkins, house deoorator to step in and witness Mr. Dredge's signatun along with me. Mr. Wilkins was obseqnioui and fall of interest in my principal's col lapse, but Mr. Dredge took very little notjc^ of him. ' Dear me, yon do look 'power! ai bad, Mr, Dredge. Is there anything else I can do foi you V were bis last words. 'Yes— yon can go away,' was the nn gracious reply. Mr. WQkins went home, aad my principal and I were left together again, with the will locked up in the safe, and the key back in Mr, Dredge's breastpocket. The excitement over, and the deed done, Mr. Dredge went back to bis chair by the empty grate, and sat there with bis chin on bis chest, and his hands in his trousen pockets. 'Do you think ifs worth while waiting for her, sir,' I ventured to suggest, after hall an hour or so. 'Better have it out,' he mattered, ai though he were talking of s tooth. 'Perhaps Bhe won't come now she knowa —for of course she knows—what yon have done.' 'All the better.' ' And if you went home'— — 'Mr. Gubble. if you think I am going to have an interview alone with the ghost of Harriet Dredge yon were never more mis taken in your life,' he said impressively. 'She's taken you into her confidence, and I will not see her without a witness.' 'A witness is always as well,' I said; 'if a '—— Conversation was cut short by a heavy thump on the knocker of the street door, which brought the heart— or the wind— into the throat of Mr, Dredge, and nearly choked 'Ifs come,' I said. 'Let it come,' groaned Dredge. 'Poll the chain, can't you?' 'It may be a client,' I said, pulling the chain as he requested, and opening the street door ; ' but I fancy if s Harriet' I sat staring at the office door, and my hair began tingling at the roots again. I thought I had got rid of my nervousness, and had transferred it to Mr. Dredge, until those few harrowing seconds of watching and waiting. The office door slowly opened, and Harriet glided in. She looked more ghastly than ever, for there was something white over her forehead and nnder her unbecoming crape bonnet that added materially to her hideousness of aspect. A cere cloth probably. Ghosts do wear them. ' Oh ! you are here at last, Mr. Dredge,' Harriet said; 'I am so mighty glad to get sight of you again.' Mr. Dredge looked from the corner of one eye at Harriet, and then turned round slowly and faced the speaker. 'How are you, Mrs. Tanks?' he said in the moat matter-of-fact tones. ' I'm pretty well, sir, thank you, barring a blow I jest got that sent me clean off to the hospital to get my head dressed.' 'Fighting?' ' No, bit, not fighting ; but—' 'Mrs. Tanks, I'm presBed for time;' in terrupted my principal ; ' I expect somebody shortly here. What is it von wantf ' ?? Oh ! that husband of mine, sir.' ' Eh, what in trouble again f v 7i7e8L?b!yfJe raroghthim, just as we had joth settled down comfortable like at Gravesend ; and he's afraid it will go hard ?Ufa. lam,', . /?.- i. ' Is it that bureUry^Me, Tottenham I1? ' Thaf a IL JfeiDnSSr . ' Hum, a bad case, and they're- got him f ' 'Oh, fast enough;' said Mm Tanks, ' and le says to me, old gal,'.! says. he, 'sea Mr. )redge as soon as yon oan, andask him to do his beat for us again, u we're reg'lw om tomere. And :tell him everything, and nobody else but him, mind!; and so I've been awaitin' and awaitln* till I thought I shooU have dropped off my blessed legs into tbe gutter. You'll pull him tuxoogh^Mr., Dredge, won't you now?' * ' I'll do my very beat' / ' It'll go hard with him if you doesn't' 'It will indeed. Take a chair, Ma Tanks,' he said, in his old, business-like way, 'and let me- understand the precise state of the matter. The Tottenham burg lary, eh? dear, dear, xre* shall want a lot of witnesses. Mr. Gubble, will yon go on with that draft, if yon please T? . I went on with my work very slowly^ keeping an eye upon the- two of them aa they sat and talked int whispers by the .fireplace. . had heard of Mrs. Tanks. I knew mviy of the Tank cases, bufc. had never seen her -efore. Onoe upon a time the Tanks -bad been in prosperous eiroumstances-^had kept a pony trap, and bad always sent for Mr. Dredge when any difionlty arose. And Mr. Dredge had made money ont of their diffi cnltiea. He was making money now. I heardtheohink-of it-as a little canvas bag was passed over to him for payment- in advance for aervioea.to be rendered presently at Police Courts and Central Criminal. He was in hia element, and had forgotten bis past fears. Not for a Bingle inatant did he connect this woman. 'with the fghoat that I fancied I had baen haunted by, and it oaae to my mind tkat I would never nndeosive him. It could, not. do him any hacmt and it might do his nephew Dion a great deal of good. I went on writing, and they went ea whispering for a quarter of. an hoar, and then Mrs. Tank took ner departure with a dis paraging glance towards myself-r-a man in whom. she had not evidently one atom's worth of faith. ' A good case— extremely , bo, Gobble,' Mr. Dredge said when Bhe had gone; ' but I shall be glad to be quit of these aort of- things now. They're too risky, and I'm Retting too old for them. I used to enjoy tbam very much, and they were always very profitable. What a oplitting headache I have, got to be sure !'? He s^fc nibbing his- temples fcr a time. Presently he relapsed into his old huncaed-up attitudst, and groaned out* 'Haniet Dredgo is a long time coming, Gubble.' '«he is.' : 'Yipu really, do think, that, if ahe is jappeaaed ahe may not come at ali! You [have not raid alLthat to cheer .me up ?' : ' (Certainly not, eir. What na&she; to coma for now?1' i 'That's just what I was tMnbl^g myself. [What's ahe to come for ?'? : He put on his hat and walked up and down !tbe room to keep bimaelf; warm, j ' I shan't wait any longer, I shall go horns jito bed.' i ' Very well, airy' ' I am downright ill. Gabble.'' : ' Very well, bit— I mean very sorry, sir.' 'It is possible Harriet Dredge does not know my Hackney address. That's why she looks in here,' 'Yes, she does look in.' 'And if it comes again, take a cab and bring it with yonr^or something. I'd rather not Bee it alone, mind. Good day.' Yes, it was his. turn to be-a little incoherent now, but I did not comment upon bis wander ing. Let him b$ep his.faith and his fears, it would be better fpr Dion Dredge out in Porto Bico. I should not say anything more myself unless he pressed me vary hard. Then I should stick to the ghost Solomon Dredge never came back to the , office. He was too ill next day to move, and two weeks afterwards I was telegraphing to hu nephew Dion these words, at nineand aixpencs a word — ' '' CO»I$ at Q7»O9v' Mr. Dredge did nok want him to eome even then, but I thought it waa best that Dion should be on the spot in case of accident Old Dredge would have altered his will even at the eleventh hour had he not believed that the office in Greenmould-Btreet had been haunted by Harriet And ao he died peace fully and respectably, and I kept the truth of it all to myself till Dion oame, and then I told him, 'Thank you, old man,' he said, 'I shan't forget you for this.' And he did not, which was very kind of him. He was the best of a bad bunch, was Dion Dredge. 