'diiristiag Story Competition, I THK GKEAT HAY MYSTERY. Bv Phil', 0. Sophek. Many of yon will racollect Collyfox. To the majority of my readers, how OTer, th# noma of Collyfox 'will bo ' ab-: aolutoly new. These statements, dif— faring so widely in character^ may go. to form another nroof of the ad a era 'time fiieB.' My gracious! and' it does-too. X remember it like yosterday. But then: my relatianBbip.with Collyfox was one that may ba described as being a vory intimate relationship indeed. Who was Collyfox ? I confess freely that I do not know. I was better acquainted with his ghost. Yon ' smile. You shall hear.. .Cctllyfox himself,. alivo, ia the fieSbjp-liave Been frequently, when I waa ' n mach younger man than. I am now. flip §r|b ;t) cbat'actor ;in 'Hay in onr Sany'dilysi*' 'HexiSted atf'a'soM of ronaeabont; and was most frequently to be seen about the yard of the earliest hotel. Hotel did I say ! Well, let it pass. He was a gfand man' at a long aleever. His qualifications- were great on bear. He was a good judge of a horse, and ' dead nuts' on whiskey. These wore bis sentiments, not mine. 1 believe his najn'e^was Gatiley ot M'Cau ley. Perhapjkhfs snrnamo was Eox. Whatever it was, according to tho rites of baptism, or the rights or wrongs of parentage, ha was commonly called Collyfox at Hay, and for many a mile around it. too. /Stdo not- like/to be r-ar- ticnlar.as to the time, because. I have been really unable to( fix it. -, dome of my seniigra at Hayv.niay do 'that much for pae. All. I know is that the crown of my head was then coated with luxu riant tresses of :what a girl of my ac . quaintance used to call my 'nut brown hair.',-'-! think she was larking. But no matter. I am not going to tell you of that girl now; I am going to tell you of the ' after gloss' of Collyfox's life when.;he -visited the - banks of ./the' Murrumb'idgj'oe. '' ? _ Well tBen to begin', where most people end— Collyfox died . How he came by his death,.no one knows. . HiB body, like, that 'df'; Napoleon tUe Great, waB found on tWbankrof the river he loved so well, aud people shook their heads when they heard it, and said, ' Ab, its poor Collyfox.' Of the position and shape of the bank where the body was fonnd, I shall havo some thing1 to say further on. There was a wonnd on his throat which gave rise to certain suspicions!^ Even thege.suspi cions caused a diversity of belief. Some people talked of the blacks, and vowed summary vengeance upon the tribe: Others talkid j of bushrangers, -rand wanted a supply'of troopers from Syd ney. Others said ' suicide,' and shook their heads again. Of one fact, howev^r/'Uhere could be no doubt. Collyfdx-was dead. In due time he waa buried. There are men livitg to the present day who saw that ceremony performed. They went home satisfied. As they sat undei the verandah of' the hotel, and pullod^at the rare tanglefoot beloved by Collyfox even more than the waters of the'iiver.'m his', life,: they said to one jgloth,er .'.' That is the last of «' Here they made a mistake, e last of Collyfox the plaiu, sginning of Collyfox the mys :-lt was then only that Colly ibecamo famouB. Did not: urn see his ghost as plainly as now, down by the first bend of the river, aB he returned at midnight from^8ome.sabnrban adventnre I And as if* for ^confirmation,'.; on, that very same n^lij- B'H Stevens aroused the whole township by a story to the same . effect. He even went further than his predecessor. He said ho.saw Collyfox in flamj^Sbd averred ttfat'Yhe smelled the aulghar. Of course/ that was going ttfo-far, for nobody'' believed him. But when half a dozen respectable citizens one after the other, detailed a story unfajfying in its detail; all Hay stood afchaM. The most sceptical man in the dwtriot began to look- knowing, and say tbat ' there was something in it.' ' One by one the most obdurate yielded 'pbedience. At first every one rnshed alQDg the track by the river, and stood open-mouthed to note' everything that had happened aud everything that would happfen if the ghost only would . walk. , . By and bye it became gruesome ?^aa&Attvoided.; Nervoas people and 1 othew irent another way. - 1 Collyfox hail it all to himself. : - '? _ Did I say all believed in the ghostly visitor ? W ell, there were one or two who perhaps still doubted, and amongst tbe donbtersj.^ittie' Rev.? kbel r Qannj (here for obvioifrVeasonS* I We an as sumed name), who believed in no illicit j spirits whatsoever. He regarded tho I genuine article with more favor, and R went in for the tangible.;- '.. He .msed to have periodical servioes in the 1 town ship', and one of 4he most famous ser mons he ever preached in tho district was a sermon lex.elle l,direotly at Colly-' fox's ghoBt. ^'Hqw he. rolled out thofio ; sentences ! How be paraded his elo L quent periods ! How he scowled at a ^ superstitious individual supposed to be i' sitting i^.theifar^florner. of :tho;building; that ..did'-MutySfor a ^hurch in those! days!. ' Haw.ho iipostropbised the cowardly .wretoh that uould associate with ghosts in the flesh, and ahndder at the same ghost doprivejj- ofits external . He was a growing preacher IT«sv the Rev, Abel Cann, He ; always had a good collection. He was a big burly man — a member of the I Church militant that could hit right out jf from tbi':aJionld?h 'He had not known fCollyfox^ai^i^ ridiculed 'theiiidea of his ghost. -««WMitiqg^he\; glimpsed of . tbe moon' hyythe wellmg waters of he Miflrrnmbid£«?. H# carried his ii . dicula so far that some one suggested ? he should 'lay' it. Now to 'lay' a ' ghost su&essfallg; ' requires a man to .. be up to IJio'bnfiuiosB. J do not know that it hcfi b»en-'dcrno successfully iif L Australia. I do not know that it haB ^ been- done successfully out of Irelaud. Nevertheless the Rev. Abel Cann AbtjcMed on bis wholo scriptural armour I iWd acoepted the suggestion. But, 5L \an, he required' company.' Horo C/dother difficulty presented itself. f^hetg jtrs not a m«n to bo fonnd on the Murrumbjdgea ,-ytho: would; accompany . thorstalwart' pirsonij - ? »?? '. ..j -A. week or two passed by, and the ghost becamo even more demonstrative. Tho whole conversation of tho neigh borhood grow ghastly. People lowered thoir voices, 'and looked over their Bhonlders, when the nams of Collyfox was, mentioned.; The. descending lash of ithe stockwhip would .pause in its most' successful 'crack' at the barest1 allusion to the' ghost. 'The hotol reaped a good profit in the evonings. The in habitants of the district met there nightly to discuss the last news: from the Murrumbidgee, i.e., the latest frohks of Collyfox's- spirit: Fear had falien:upon allmen.'. Dutoh courage is nof^half a bad thing, especially if ..the whiskey is good. Ted' and I were at home at this time. The school in Mel bourne had been dismissed' for the Christmas vacation. The Rov. Abel Cann stayed at' our father's houso, and we! heard; a good ; deal about the ab surdily of ghosts. Tho parson was bloWing so muah that' at last I volun teered to acoompany him with' bell, book, and candle. As I bantered him before Mny sister Milly, he consented to eo,;but_refused the bell and the candle. A Merry Christmas 1 The ' moon was nearly fall. Fitful olouda rolled about, basting Btrange shadows like unearthly blots upon the land. It was about eleven o'clock at night when wo went forth to do battle with the ghost. A lot tif people had p;ot wind of our intention, and a whole crowd came to aeejusoff. Thoy refused however to accompany us any further than the fence in our near paddock. Tbeie they said they would await our trium phant return. Tbey wished us a Merry Christmas. Mr Cann did not seem al together to like the salutation. The mirth did not seem to fit in. Of ar mour.he.had'-two kinds— spiritual and. temporal'. ' The spiritual consisted of a Novum Testamentum Gracum. The tomporal armour consisted of a stont stickandtwogreenhide leg- ropes. How. ho intended to use the leg-ropes I had no means of knowing. As for me, I had: no intention of coming to close quarters with, poor ; old: Collyfox. Half ahliour'a walking brought us to the place where the usual appearancns' wero made. The parson strode like Ajox. It was close to the bank of the river on|the Hay side. A great gum tree then' grew near the* spot. The ground fell somewhat abruptly towards the woter, andrse.voral natural depressions in the soil i made pedestrianism rather dangerous just there. The land had been1 comparatively cleared.' Some dead trees still stood' weird and ghost like all 'arourid, while from many a blackened stump there fell weird shadows under the fitfnl Christmas moon. , . .. When we arrived at the ground we settled down quietly behind oi log. Here we lay- quietly, and oh ! so anx iously. I need, not attempt to describe my [sensations. I may have sympa thisers. I trembled a great deal. I kept my handkerchief to my eyes. ; My heart thumped loudly, and my sides heaved with emotion. You, my reader, will have .a better idea of my feelings ,by the time you have finished my nar rative. Evon while I write, after many years, I feel the same horrible foeling creeping over me. Presently -we saw a white mist- like figure gliding majestically along the .bank; ;. v-- % ' Yonder it comes, sir, do you see it 1' ' I do,' said Mr Cann, his . loud voice reduced to a kind of snuffle. I thought I felt a nervous, trembling be Bide mo. I knew I heard a noise like the chattering pf many teeth: 'Look! — yonder— it is coming,'- l.ejt us go up to him.' But it seemed that the Rev.r Abel Conn had some scientific observations to;make on ghosts generally before he tackled Collyfox's. -in particular. He lay quite still. He watched tho ap parition, as' an astronomar would watch the traasit of Venus across tho sun. ' ; ^The spirit of Collyfox came on, glid ing gently — unmistakeably moving nearer and y'ot nearer. It stopped right opposite. The moon entered a cloud. ; '-1 ho figure. was barely seen. The sensation was awfnl. ' We had hotter approach now, 6ir,' said I, banding him one of the leg ropes, which he had laid beside him on the ground. - - ' Wow-wow — wait till the moon rises, ':he roplied, evidently yielding to some craven fear. At that -moment there was a low gleam of light; as if reflected by or emitted from the apparition. It was blue. It waB ghaBtly. It was hor rible. It showed distinctly the' white form of Collyfox. There was no mis takinfjj that figure staniiag by the margin of the black water! Then the glow died out. A bright flare fol lowed, that dazzled our eyes for the moment. When we were able to look again j the. phantom had vanished. Collyfox had disappeared ; we could see nothing ; we could hear nothing nothing but the water rippling on tbe river banks, like the ripples on the Tennysonian mere, caused by the fall of the. great brand Excalibur; But the night wind wafted towards us the strong odour of sulphur. Oh the sen sation of- those momenta I I knew now how'I felti I do not know how. keenly my ^erprend oompanion must havo suffered. I rolled .upon the ground, and. buried my face 'in my handkerchief. J£.ck-r — kick— 'Can you see any thing now?' 'No, sir, it must have vanished. ' 1 ; ? ? C Again J handed him, the leg-ropes.! Again I urged him to ? begin the 'laying' process just then. He naid; little. 'ihe actions of some men are greater than their words. ' His actions, spoke .volumes. He rose majestically, He seemed about to repeat those burn ing sentences from his, sermon to wbioh I dared but allude'at the ' beginning of this narrative. At one moment I thought I was in for tho sermon. I had nothing to give should ho lift a colloctioi1. 'Lil— li'. let \ifl go home,' he whis porod ; : and. before I could intorpose a word, I h^rd whflQlc I ffhack I trback ! that sounded .? mystic On ithat - solemn night.'. It;.was!:interrupted occasionally by. a dull and fainter sound. My sen sations overcame mo. 1 'hrew myself on tho ground and groaned audibly,' I shook all over with omotion, I jammed my handkerchief fairly into my moutb. The whack — whaok — whack — rapidly diminuendo— were tho sounds of the Rev. Abol Oann's feet as they toro along tho Hard track leading towards my father's home, and the crowd of respectable! citizens who awaited' his triumphal return. Tho duller sounds were those- cauaed by the occasional contact' of his' body' with good old mother eartb.: The laying' of that ghost- had - caused him terrible exoite mp.ht'. - - Shall I speak or Bhall I bo silent? (I think this is borrowed from Maro.) Sholl I tear off the veil that has hitherto shadowed the great Hay mys tery ? (This at least is original.) It is now divulged for the first time. Even the Mayor knows nothing about it. 1 bod not lain long upon the ground when a dark fignre joinod: me. It was my brother, who was carrying a basket. Ho placed tho basket on the ground and we stood over it, and laughed and rolled, as only boys will laugh and roll who have done some thing awfully good. Speaking as a man, I am now thoroughly oshamed of my conduct. By making, this state ment .hero I take away the' sting of your justly merited reproofs. The fact was that my brother waa the ghost, and he played it to perfection: The basket contained a white Bheet, the lid of an J old kerosene tin, and a few silent matches. As boys we had been fond of chemistry. We had learned to make a compound of chlorate of potash, charcoal aud sulphur. The 'business' was managed thus. Arrived at the place, my brother used to wait , until some ona was approaching. -; At a Bignal from me he donned the sheet and glided gently along the ghost's path; He had practised gliding day after day. At the .proper time the mixture was placed in the lid of the kerosene tin. The blue, sulphurous flame and dense smoke ? surrounded him with, a mystic halo. As the composition burned out a'handful of loose gunpowder produced the flare. The glare dazzled the eyes, and permitted him to escape. Then the sheet was discarded, and the ghost retreated behind a friendly stump. To this' day'I do not know why we started thiagame. The finding, of the body of Collyfox occurred as we came home for the holidays. Satan must be respon sible for the rest. Poor .Collyfox never walked along the banks, of the Mur rnmUidgee after that night. As it was. known, that ,tho Rev. Abel Cann had undertaken to 'lay' it, we determined to give him credit for having done so. When he reached the crowd awaiting his'retiirn, didn't he pitch it strong 1 Never mind. Until this present minute I have kept the . secret . as to the sounds I heard on the road. Even, in this confession I am satisfied I shall do the reverend gentleman no harm. I may only add that when I heard the Rev. Abel Cann preach after the oc currences of that Christmas night, his exhortations carried with them very little effect. I speak for myself. He was'a very able preaoher, and always had a good collection. 