DEACON fiURDETTE. WITH COSTS OS THE PBOSECUTION. 'Prisoner, did you kill this boy?' 'I did your honor; I cut his throat. He shot me ii the ear with a rubber sling, and' ? 'Thi prisoner is discharged, and the sheriff wili give him back his knife and tell the janito) to sharpen it for him.' THE GHOST AMI THE GRIG. My son, be uniformly serious in your con versation with strangers. Itisannncomforb able situation to be in, having uttered a merry little pleasantly, to learn, from the icj chill that congeals your heart's blood, thai you are talking to that awful and human ice berg, the man who never jokes. There is onlj oue worse thing in the world of horrors— tut man. who always jokes. ' WITHOUT ABE DOGS.' What stun' people da write about dogs. Hear what CoL Thomas Wentworth Higgin son writes in Harper's Bazar: 'How many ol us hold to our friends with a lo-re as inex haustible and as inextinguishable as that which our dog gives to usf ' What rubbish is this* It seems to roe that when people be come addicted to dog worship they lose their minds. The dog loves the man who feeds him. You may keep a good, well bred dog five years, then sell him, and in two months his 'inexhaustible love' will be so farex bbusted and his 'inextinguishable' love so nearly put out. that the faithful creature will chase you out of his new master's orchard. A man who confesses that his iove for his friends is freaker. and more selfish, and less faithful than a doc's, puts a shamefully low estimate -upon his friendship. 1 love to read the two greatest books in the world, the Bible and Shakspearc: neither of them says any thing good abouta dog. It isnt that I dislike dogs, because I don't ; I like them : but there is such a tendency to dog worship in tkese weak, poodling times of pug and mastiff that a man needs a great deal of wholesome corrective. What's that? You once had a dog that — Do you suppose I am going to accept the state ments of men who once had, or who now have dogs, as evideuce? You'll want to tell me about a bass you caught, the next thing. I knew your dog: a long haired, beautiful, ac tive, faithful creature he was, as ever rondo glad the heart of a boy. He used to traiuplt all over other people's gardens and carried his unwelcome fleas into your neighbor?' homes; he tore down climbing vines and duj: for moles and rats under the rose bushes, ain'» when it rained on him he smelled like tbc pickling room of a tannery. I knew your dog. PROFESSIONAL PHILAKTHBOPY. 'What is the charger asked the justice. 'Well, sor,' said the officer, 'this man knocked the child here intil the gutter, thin kicked him all the way across the sthreet, an' phin I kern up wid 'em he was batin' bun wid the tail, gate of a doompcart.' 'Why did you assault the child, prisoner?' 'Because he threw a stone at a poor cat' 'What is your business?' 'I am a philanthropist.'1 He got thirty days for sentiment and reflec tion. . A VALUABLE AFFLICTIOlf . 'What swds your face up so awfully, boyP 'Jumping toothache.' 'Doesn't it hurt?' 'Kearly kills me.' 'Come into ray office,' said the kind young dentist, 'and Fii cure it for you in a minute.' 'Don't want it cured,' replied the boy; 'want it to keep me out of school on the race days. It's mighty rough on a feller at nights, mister, but I wouldn't take ten dollars for this tooth, just the same.' THE HOUB OF TEMPTATION. 'You can trust me now,' said the penitent, resolutely, 'I wouldn't tell alieto save my . life.' 'But can you trust yourself?' asked the pastor, anxiously, 'a habit of exaggera tion and prevarication is' ? 'I can tell the truth without a struggle,' insisted the re formed mnn, 'the season is about over, and beside, some hound got into the store last night and stole my trout rod; the prettiest thing you ever whipped a brook with; weighed four and a half ounces, and in 1879 I landed a seabass with it that weighed' ? But the minister had lighted a. candle and gone away to get his bell and book. AKOTHEB HEAETLESS EVICTION. Not alone in suffering Ireland and bleeding Iowa does the curse of landlordism make desolate homes and aching hearts. We have just learned, from sources that cannot be doubted, that young Willoughby Kiitteredgo Stackblossom, who has been boarding at Mrs. Hashbaeon's vrell known boarding house for six weeks past, was last evening fired out ot bis 'apartments' by the landlady, who re tained his Sunday gloves and cane, thus thrusting the unhappy tenant into the street practically naked. Mr. Stackblossom hap long been one of the social lights of our city, and if his place at the suspender counter ij vacant to- morrow morning it will be becausa the worst has come. A man can live upon worst, however, for an indefinite space of period. There is something that usually goes with worst, but we do not know how tc: epellit EXECUTED WITH A. PEN. Cardinal Beneath the slidine rule of men entirely Rreat^ The typewriter is greater lhan the sword. Oldgold— Who swored. my lord? Cardinal The man tvIio received the typewriter letter; The printers who set up (lie copy; 'Whole words spelled in I lie space of one small m With all the letters piled ou top of another, Like to a Chinese sentenve standing on its heart What sense is there in ihisj— 'Bgw! GHops ffldwwdV And yet I know it means 'The horse fell dead.' In all the lexicons we us» there's no such word As'-kbfitMaUSuT:' yet full well I know It stands, in this man's note, for 'information;' I base 60 learned the tangled language of the thing, Thai all its jnrgon is writ plain for me; But sorely do I fear that, learning it, I have made hopeless wreck of temperate speech, And lost my front pew standing in tue syna gognc See, all arouud this line of consonants Scarred with lost capitals, the proof reader haf drawn His awful circle with ibe pencil blue; Stand off; while on this correspondent's head I launch the cuss of our composing Eoom. [The cuss.] Dog gone the hilly be doggoned man of thumbs The diddledy dag (toned chalky fingered loon; 'I gum; 'y ganl; od rabbit; jeeminy pelt; Gadzooks; odd boddifcins; by Venus' glove; By Mars his gauntlet; by the river side; Sweet by an-fby, and bo oh, baby by;' ? lAttbis point tie caitiff slowly withers away.] —Brooklyn Eagle. 