St. Barnalias' Church. ftuThe foundation stone of the church above named, to be erected on Church Hill, Enoggera road, was laid oniSaturday afternoon, in the presence of about 300 persons. The clergy adjourned to a house close by and donned their surplices, after which they walked up the hill reading Psalm cxxvii., "Except the Lord build the house." The Eev. Manly Power, of Christ Church, Milton, conducted the service, and a hymn wasjsung by the choir of the last-named church, " Christ is the foundation of the church we raise," the words throughout being most appropriate. Psalm lxxxiv., " Oh, how amiable are Thy dwellings," was read, and was followed by a portion of scripture from the first epistle of St. Peter, the second chapter, verses from 1 to 7 (one to seven), by the rural dean, the Eev. C. G-. Robinson, of All Saints' Church. Then the hymn "Christ is our corner stone" was sung by the choir and people, after which several short prayers and the Apostles' Creed were said. Judge Harding then laid the stone by repeat ing the following words : " To the glory of God and in memory of the blessed apostle Barnabas we lay this foundation stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy G-host. Amen." Arch deacon Dawes, in the absence of the Bishop, gave a long address on the progress of church work in and around Brisbane during the last two years, saying that the number of churches had been doubled in that time, and that even now there were mission churches being erected and about to be begun in various parts of the suburbs, and he hoped that the Bevd. Guinness, of Trinity Church, Valley, would follow bis predecessors and see his way clear tohave one erected in his diocese. He concluded his remarks by saying that many things were wanted to furnish -the church on its completion, viz., a font, communion service, a bell, and various other things which he hoped the ladies would try and procure by forming themselves into a committee and making a house-to house call for subscriptions. During the singing of hymn 239, " The Church's one foundation," collec tions were made on behalf of the fund, and a nice little sum was gathered, after which the Archdeacon concluded the service with a short prayer and the benediction. The following clergy were present be sides those already mentioned—Canon Glennie, the Bevds. Houlbrook, Bannister, and Wilson, and other prominent members of the church, including the Hon. J. B. Dickson, Commissioner D. T. Seymour, A. E. Halloran, Capt. Wyborn, and several others. Mr. Stack, I believe, is the builder and contractor. The hill was decorated with bunting, suspended on lines from trees in the vicinity, one of the pendants having the word "Advance" thereon, while from poles Attached to stumps several Union Jacks floated in the breeze, and, as they could be seen from Red Hill, were the means of attracting as well as guiding those who did not know where the stone was to be laid to find it without difficulty. The ladies present were Mrs. Harding and daughters, Mrs. Giennie, the Misses Seymour, Mrs. Nott, and the Misses Murray and Nott, Mrs. and Miss Gruinneas, Miss Wyborn, Mrs. €. G. Robinson, Mrs. D. Brown, Mrs. C. Abrahams, Mrs. Dougherty, and others too numerousato par ticularize. 