¡BISHOP MÚñPkYa 'WiïlLEE. 1 ! The jubilee of Bishop Murphy's ordination 1 ¡as a priest of the Roman Catholic Church ¡was celobratcd ycsterdiy by special services ; at the different churches throughout the diocese; which services, owing to the very ' general respcot aud esteem entertained byl i people of the colony for the character ,of Bishop Murphy and tho record of his career, ?? commanded the sympathies of a very large numbor of prominent public men who are ' not connected with the Roman Catholic denomination, , ( At Saint Joseph's Church prayers, wero offered at all the Masses for tho Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, bishop of the dioceeo, on tho oocasiun of his golden jubilto. At tho 11 o'clock service, Rev.'Father G Hieran 'made special reference to tho auspicious eVent; and requested the fervent prayers of the,congre gatton that Qod might bestow every grace und blessing upon the chief pastor, who had rulod this dioaose for'more than 20 years. A solemn Te Dettm of thanksgiving was sung with the appointed prayers after tho service, Mr. E. Mulcahy conducting, and Miss J. Reichenberg presiding at the organ. Refer- ence was also made at tho ovoning devo- tions to the Bishop sjJubilce by Rov. Father Hennebry. At St. Mary's Cathedral it was Holy Trinity Sunday, as well as tho day appointed for commemorating the jubilee of Bishop Murphy's ordination. Special services were held both in the morning and evening These services were conducted with all the wai m th and impressive ceremonial of the holy and venerable church, and were attended by very large congregations, In- cluding a number of tho general body of the citizens, who do not i usually worship tlidre. At the morning service amongst the prominent citizens present were the Premier (the Hon, P. O. Fysh), acconv Sanied by Mra. Fysh, and His Worship the layor (Mr. Alfred Crisp). The church was specially decorated for the occasion, a pro-, fusion of green leaves and scarlet flowers decking each of the lamp stands on each side of the central aisles, while the choir gallery and the altar were elaborately decorated with ferns and floral devices. , Over tho altar the inscription "Ecce Sácenlos Magnus " appeared in a semicircular dovice, theletters worked in ivy leaves and flowers, and ou the altar were some very pretty cut flowers in vauses. This was the work of. the ladies of tho Presentation Convent, who are ever foremost in promoting the success of such special celobrations. At tho other end of the church the choir gallery was decorated with the floral device, "Te Deum Laudamus," in front of tho gallory with some festoons of green leaves and flowers hanging in ourved lines from tho lamp stands above. Decorating the' choir gallery was the special work of some Isdy members of the choir. A special choral service was held, and a special orchestra engaged, which Mr. J. R. McCann took charge of as the usual choir conductor, the musical portion of the service being his espeoisl oare, and reflecting great credit upon his seal and taste. The orchestra was com- posed of Mr. J. Brown (violin), and 'leader, Mr. J. Sharp (flute), Mr. G. Fowler (cornet), Mr. Pitman (bass viol), and Miss Shields, who presided at the orgsn. For the morning services, Farmer's Mass ia B flat was selected, and by the reinforcements already alluded to, and a very strong choir, it was rendered in a manner reflecting credit on the conductor, and giving real pleasure to the , large audience assembled, convincing them of the importance of the musical element in im- pressive religious ceremonies. Tho chief aoprans part was allotted to Miss Thornton, who gave evidence of careful training ; the tenor parts to Messrs. Cherry and Watts ; and the bass solos to Messrs. Nowbhry, McAllister, and Newton. Within the altar rails appeared the new throne and canopy pre sented to the Bishop by the pastor, the Rev. Dr. Gleeson, and the congregation of the cathedral. This elaborate piece of furniture, costing £40, was presented to the episcopal head of the church, in commemoration of his jubilee. The canopy is of octagonal design, from drawings by Mr. Fagg, the architect, and the drapery is of rich crimson stuff, both design and drapery being in accord with the design and decoration of the sauctuary, the throne being intended to supply a want long felt in the Cathedral. The service was presided over by Bishop Murphy, who appeared in full canonicals, and the Rev. Martial Mary celebrated the missa cantata service, which was of a very impressive order. The sermon was preached by the pastor, Dr. Gleeson, whose fame as a preacher had much to do with the large audience which as- sembled. Dr.Gleeson said as it was the festival set apart by the church to commemorate the three persons of the adorable Trinity it was meet to speak of this adorable mystery in so far as it was vouchsafed to the intelligence of mortals to apprehend it. Though mystic and beyond the comprehension of reason, yet it came within the province of faith, and as such was an objeot of belief to Christian people, and he proposed to speak of the unity and trinity of God-the existence of a Supreme Being as demonstrable to reason, and the existence of a trinity of persons in a unity of essence as demonstrable by revelation. As to the existence of a God, he referred to the fact that from the dawn of creation to the present time all peoples, all nations, all tribes and beings had shown by their actions that they had belief in the existence of a Supremo Being. The relations between the Supreme Being and the human creatures of His handiwork as comprehended by the prophets and wise men of olden time, he traced as a matter of history up to the closer personal communion between Christ Jesus and the early evangelists. Even in nations where a plurality of gods were admitted, the tendency of thought was to acknowledge a supreme God over all. There- fore all nations, tribes, and tongues had ever believed in the existence of a Supreme Being whom we know us God. The aspect of external nature bore evidence to the same fact. The sun discharged its allotted duty not by chance, but by design, and the moon and stars all pointed to one G i cat Creator, who was the designer of their course and service. But while we had every evidence of the opinion of man in all ages, and the deductions of human reason that God existed, we had every evidence as a matter of faith that He existed in a trinity of person, as set forth in the Apostles' Creed. God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, co-equal, co- eternal; the Son proceeding from the Father, not second in the order of time, as God is infinite and time ¡s finite -, but second in procession. The Son proceeded from the Father, mysteriously and incom- prehensibly from all eternity, and the Holy Ghost, the spirit of love, proceeded from the union of these two, co-equal and co-ordinate in power. This was the Christian idea derived from revelation. Knowing from revelation that God had breathed into each human soul the likeness of himself, man could rise in spirit from the theatre of this world, and contemplate the cherubim and and seraphim, the dominions and standing powers pouring forth their sounds of praise before the seraphic throne of God, and was bound to take a co-relative re- sponsibility. God had seen Adam a fallen creation in the Garden of Eden, a victim to the power of Satan, while He thought that the now creation should occupy the vacant thrones of the rebellious angela. Then spoke the Son, offering to clothe Himself with mortal flesh, and to go and speak with the children of the new creation, and tell them of the fair land beyond the portals of death, for which they should strive. This was done, and before God the Son left the scene of his mortal labours he promised the gift of the Holy Spirit, which was realised on Pentecost Sunday, completing the idea of a triune God-a unity of essence, and a Trinity of persons since permeating and ab- sorbing the actions of the world for the sanctification of our souls and the attain- ment of eternal life. At the oonoluiloD of the sermon Bishop MURPHY esme before the altar rails and ad- dressed the congregation, stating that it wat not till he had seen the notice In tho papers on the preceding day, that he learned there wat to be a special serrioe. He thanked the pastor ana the congrégation for the thoughtful idea which had led them to supply a want so necessary to complete the sanctuary as the Episcopal throne and canopy. He spoke in approving terms of the design and the drapery as according with the architecture and decoration of their beautiful cathedral, and thanked them all for the sympathy extended to himself per- sonally. Dr. Gleeson then read the commission issued by His Holiness the Pope empowering the Bishop of Hobart on specisl occasions within etch year to issue the Papal Indul- gence to all the faithful. His LOBDSIIIP came forward, and said he deemed this a fitting oooasion to exoroise that power, and then imparted the Pupal Benediotion. After tho conclusion of the service, the members of the choir and a few persons were invited by Dr.' Gleeson to go up to the Bishop's residence'snd have aoms.wlne and, refreshment, ,'whloh ' wu ready v, awaiting i -their arrival.- ¡ ' J"M'' ,"."VW¿ j * . D.O., Bishop of Hobart «I his raMmetl 'yesterday afternoon,'and presented hfm ¡with an illuminated 'addrels, and a black opoMUin rug «a a suitable memento on the occasion of hi« i attaining his Golden Jubilee. Mr. Henry Shirley, then read the 11 «ddrcas, ' whioh stated ' that1 the Hibernian Society, as a Catholio sooioty, desired to offer His Lordship a special tribute of congratulation on tho singularly ausnioloiis occasion of hi« attaining the goldeu jubileo of'hi« elevation to the priesthood. 'The .address also' spoko in laudatory term« of His Lordship's mission in India, and roforred to his advent in the i oniony of Tasmania as a succcssot to tils'1 Von. Bishop Willson. The concluding part of tho address was to tho effect that the Bocioty wished His Lordship many years of hoalth and vigour, and begged tbat ho would accept asa token of their ettocm and 'cratitude tho acoompaulng souvenir and ad- dress. The,liquor «sid ha thanked i thom very much for such a tributo of their esteem and regard on the'occasion'of this his' Golden Jubilee. Nothing gavo him'more pleasure than to seo the sentiments of the laity uniting i with thoso of .the clergy. Ho spoke at .omo length on India, where he had spent veryi . many < happy years.7' At' the time that) he had visited it there wcro 'no ohurchoj or schools, and a great «paraoness of tho Christian religion. Since then the Christian roligion had prospered to a con- siderable extent, and at present the Catholic roligion was established there on a firm basis. When ho severed his- connection with India he thought of accepting a diocese in Ire- land, but subsequent reason! had induced him to accept au appointment in Tasmania, where he found the Catholic religion lau on a deep and broad foundation.! Ha then dwelt at some length on tho assistauce ha had received from tho priesthood and a generou« people. Referring to the, progres« of ¡the i Hibernian Society nothing' gave him more pleasure than' to see It progressing so (favourably a« it* wa«, and he trusted to «es < aocietie« of thi* kind established in every Catholic parish in Tasmania. He once more thanked them for their good wishes and the handsome souvenir and address they had presented him with. Father HL.VNEOBV addressed the Bishop, and oomplimented bim on hi« having attained hi« goldeu jubilee. THE EVENINO SERVICE. The Cathedral wa« crowded in the evening when a very largo number of people were present, quite 200 of whom had to Btand in the aisles and at the rear, after the sitting 'accommodation was exhausted. The service was again a special one, and a new feature waa introduced by the presence of the Garrison Band, who, under their talented leader¡Mr, Bates,prayedthof7foriafromMozArt'sTerélfth Mas«, and selootions from H.iydu'i First Maa« at the commencement of the service, and the " Hosanna maroh " at the conclu- sion io a very finished and highly effective manner. The choir also did special work, among the speciul attractions being the eing- ing of a solo by Mr, E. Chorry, the one selected being entitled " 0 Satutane," a com- position of Mr, McCann's the discovery 'of which fact wa« a surprise to many in the congregation, a« the muslo waa marked with .everaloTcelleucies of composition. Dr. GLEESON, in his evening sermon, pointed out that in the morning be had epokcu on the Holy Triuity. This evening he putposed to continue thi« serious thorne. Tbe rev. gentleman then dwelt on the fact that a civilised race must have a civilised religion. The whole of the civilised world, he maintained, from the dawn of reason until the close, recognised the 'adorablo Trinity, and appreciated it« power. The rev. gentleman concluded an éloquent sermon by remarking tbat with all Christians the ador- able Trinity had an influence on them from the oradle te the grave, ' At the conclusion of the evening service, the member« of the Garrison Band and some other friends were again very hîsçitably entertained by the pastor at tho Bishop'« residence, where he was able to congratulate the baud and tho choir upon tho perfeot success of their kind effort«. 