A .PROFOUIJ MYSTERY , PART SECOND CHAPTER. XXV. THOW TUE WEDDING DAY ENDED. He turns and goes home, he crashes I through the tall. dewy grass, his. face set in a look of iron resolution. He is ghastly beyond all telling;; dead and in his coffin he will hardly look more death like. He reaches the cottage, and the first sight upon which his eyes rest is his bride peacefully asleep in thu chair by the still open window. She looks lovely in her slumber, and peaceful as a little child--no very terrible sight surely, but as his eyes fall upon her he recoils in some great horror, as a man may who has received a blinding blow. 'Asleep,' his pale lips whisper; 'asleep, as she was!" He stands spellbound for a moment, then he breaks away headlong. He makes his way to the dining-room-the table, all bright with damask, silver: crystal, and cut.flowers, stands tspread for dinner. He takes from hisc pbocket a note-book and pencil, and, still stand ing, writes rapidly down one page. I Without reading,(he folds and seals the I sheet, and slowly and with dragging I steps returns to the room where Edith sleeps. On the threshold belingers-he seems afraid, afraid to approach; .but he does approach at last. He places the note he has written on a table-he draws' d nearer his sleeping bride-he kneels I down and kisses her hands, her dress, t her hair. His haggard eyes burn on her face-their mesmeric' light disturbs " her. She murmurs and.moves restlessly in her sleep. In an instant he is on his a feet, in another he is out of the room and the house, in another the deepening ii twilight takes him; and he is gone. A train an hour later passes through Carnarvon on its way to London. One passenger alone awaits it atthe village b station-one passenger, who enters an b empty first-class compartment, and dis.. I appears. Then it goes shrieking on its way, bearing with it to London tihe bridegroom, Sir Victor Catheron. b CHAPTER XXVI THE DAY AFTER. d The last red ray of the sunset had faded, the yellow moon shone serenely h over land and sea before Eaith awoke tt -awoke with a smile on her lips-frotn b a dream of. Charley. 'Do go away, don't tease.' st Site was murmuring, half smilingly, It half. petulantly, the .words she had P1 spoken to him a hundred times. She s was back in Sandypoint, he beside her, di living over the old days gone for h ever. She awoke to see the tawny moonshine streaming in, to hear .the tc soft whisper of the night wind, the soft l aIoopy. ap.na t5the use..n i A to realize with a thrill and a shock she i was Sir Victor Catheron's wife.: His sl wife ! This was her wadding day- even B in dreams Charley must come to her no o: more, She rose up slightly chilled from t sleeping in the evening air, arid shiver- 6 ing, partly with that chill, partly, with i a feeling she did not care, to define. The dream of her lite's ambition was p in its fulles realized. She, Edith Dar. tl rell, was m-y lady"-a baronet's bride. h The vista of her lite spread before her life spread her in glittering splendour, and yet her heart lay like lead in her Ii bosom.-. In this hour she was afraid'of I herself-afaid of him. tl But where was he 'I b But she looked round the room, half 0 in shadow, half in brilliant moonlight. P No, lie was not there. Had hie re-- b .returned- from his stroll I -he3 took out her watch. ';A quarter to seven- of course he had. .He wans awaiting c her, no doubt, impatient for his dinner, ii in the. dining.room. She would make t some change in her dress and join him I there. She went up to her dressing room and lit the candles herself. She smoothed her rumiled hair, added a ribbon end a jewel or two, and then went back intodthe draw- e ing- room. All unnoticed in tlhe,sbadowsy the let:er for her lay on the tab'e. She sat down and rang the bell.. Jamison,tlie con fidental servant appeared. \- 'Has Sir Victor returned from his walk, Jamieson ? Is he in the, dining roote, ?' M[r Jamieson's well-bred eyes looked in astonishment at the speaker, then around. tihe room. Mr Jamieson's wooden counten nances looked stolid surprise. - ' Sir Victor, my lady. r.-I thought Sir Victor was here, my lady.' .-' Sir Victor has not been. be since half an hour after bur arrival He went out for-a -walk, as you vern. well known. gI ask you if he has reiurned.' 'Sir Victor. has not been her siode half ah hour ago. my lady. I saw him myself. You were asleep, my lady, by the windlow as he caime up. iHeo Wvent into the Idisinig room and -wrote a letter--I saw :it in his hand-and then, my ladI, lhe canine in here. SThe man paiused,ad again pdeered around the roomn. Edit listeined in growing sur prise. 'in thought ie was here still, mny lady ; so did Hemiln, or we would,, have taken thoe lilerty of lIentering and closing the window.' We w?ss sure he was here. He suttingly hentered with .theoletter in 'is 'and. It's very hcdd. - " AAgain there was a pause. Again Mr Jamisoon. : tl'f your ladyship will hallow, I shall light the candles herei and than go and Ihscertain whether Sir Victor is in any of the other rooms.' SShe ilade an affirmative gesture, and re turned o. the windowiv. The man lit the candles; a second after an exclamation startled her:. . S.' The note, iny lady. Here it is.' ::It lay upon the trable. She walked over and took it up. In Sir Victor's hand and addressed to himself! What did this mean? She stood looking at it a moment, then she turned te Jamison. ' That will do,' she said briefly. ' If T want you I will ring.' The man bowed ani left the room. Si stood still, holding the unopened net. t* strangely reluctant to breakthe sgal: What could SirVictor meas by absenting and writing her a note? 'ith an effort she Saroused horself at last, and tore it open it was strangely scrawled, the writing half illegible. Slowly and with difficulty she made it out. This is what she read : ' For heaven's sake, pity me-for heaven's sake, pardon me. We shall never meet more. Oh, beloved, believe that I love you, believe that I never loved you half so well as now when I leave you for ever. If I loved you less I might dare to stay; but I dare not. I can tell you no more-a promise to the living and the dead binds me. A dreadful secret of sin and shame and guilt is involved. Go to Lady Helena. My love, my bride, my heart is breaking as I write the word-the cruel word that must be written-farewell. I have but one prayer in my heart-but one wish in my soul-that my life may be a short 'one, 'VICToe.' ,No more. So, in short, incoherent, dis connected sentences, this incomprehensible letter began and ended- She stood, stunned, bewildered, dazed, holding it? gazing at it blankly. Was she asleep, Was this a dream? Was Sir Victor playing some kind of ghastly practical joke, or had Sir Victor all of a sudden gone wholly and entirely mad? She shrank from the last thought; but the dim possibility that it might be true calmed her.. She sat down, hardly know inmkwhat abshe was doing,(and read the letterj. again. Yes, surely she was right. Sir Victor had gone mad. Madness was hereditary in his family. Had it come to him on hip wedding day, of all days? On his wedding day the last remnant of reason had deserted him, and he had deserted her She sat quite still, the light of the candle falling upon her, upon the fatal letter, try. ing to steady herself, trying to think. She read it again and again. Surely no sane man ever wrote such a letter as this. 'A dreadful secret of sin and shame and guilt is involved.' Did that dreadful secret mean the secret of his mother's death? But why should that cause him to leave her? She knew all about it already. What frightful revelation had been made to him on his father's dying bed? He had never been the same man since. An idea flashed across her brain, dreadful and unnatural enough in all conscience; but why should even that, supposing her suspicions to be true, cause him to leave her? "If I loved you less I might dare to stay with you.' What rhodo montade was this? Men prove their love by living with the women they marry, not by deserting them. Oh, he was mad, mad, mad-not a doubt of that could remain. Her thoughts went back over the past two weeks, to the change injhim ever since his father's death. There had been times when he had visibly shrunk from her, when he had seemed absolutely afraid of .her. She had doubted it then; she knew it now. It was the dawning of his insanity, the family taint breaking forth. His father's delusion had been to shut himself up, to give out that' he was dead; the son's was to ' desert his bride on their bridal day for ever. - For ever; the, letter said so. Again, and.] still again she read it. Very strangely she looked, the was lights flickering on hdr pale, rigid young face, her compressed lips set in one tight line on her soft pearl-gray 1 silk dress, with its point-laco collar and diamond star. A bride alone, forsaken on ! her wedding day. How strange it was all,theo thought came to her. i'Was it retributive justice pursuing her for hiaving bartered herself forrank ? And )et girls as ýood batter than she,bhad pacing up and _ down ';the floi?r.: What should she do ! .' Go back to Lady Helena.' said the letter. Go'. back,' cast off. deserted, she who only at noon to= day hal left them a radiantbiride.' As she thought it, a feeling of absolute. hatred for the man she had married came into- her heart. - Sane or mud she shau!d hite -him oiow all the rest of her life. ' The biours :were cweeping on-two had t passed since she' had sent Jamison out of I the room. What were they thinking of her, those keensighted gossiping servants? What would they think and say when she told them SirVictor would return no more? -that she was 'going back to Cheshire alone to-morrow morning ? These was so help for it: There wast resolute blood in the girl's veins. She walked over to the bell, rang it,her head erecther eyes bright, only her lips still set in that tight un pleasant line. Mr Jamison, grave and respectful; his burning' curiosity diplomatically hidden, answered. 'Jamnison,' the young lady.said,hali tones clear and calm, looking the man straight in the eyes, 'your master has been obliged to leave Wales suddenly 'and vwill not re turn. You may spend the night ino packing up. ' To-morrow by the earliest train I're turn to Cheshire.' . ' Yes, my lady.' Not a muscle on Jamniison's face moved, not a vistage, of surprise or any: other earthly emotion was visible in- his smooth shalven face. If she had said, 'To morrow by the earliest train I shall take a trip to the moon,' Ir Jamison would have bowed and said, ' Yes, tmy lady,' in precisely the same toie.' .s dlinnerseorved?' his syoung mistress said; looking at her watch; 'if not, serve iimnediately-I shall be 'there in two minutes.' • She kept her word, With'that light in her eyes, that pale composure on her face, shite wet into the "dining-room, and took her place at the glittering table. Jamison waited upon her, watching her, of course, as a cat a mouse. ' She took her soup and fish,her slice of phcitsantand her jelly, I do assure you, just the same as heser, Ilemily,' he related afterwards to the lady's. maid; but her face was whiter than the tablecloth, and her eyes had a look i in them I'd rather master would face than me. Shite is one of'igh stepping sort, depend upon it, and quiet as she takes it now, tbere'll be the dose and all to pay one of these days.' She rose at.last, and went backj to tlie deawingroom. How brilliantly the moon shone on the sleeping sea, how fantastic the villiage and castle looked in the roman tic light. She stood by the window long looking out. No thought of sympathy for him, of trying to find hiim out on the morrow, entered jermind. He had deseirted her, sane or toad, that was enough for the present to know. She took out a purse that fairies and sovereigns alone might hive entered, and looked at its contents. By sheergood luck and chance it contained three or four sovereigns-more thi?n sufficient for the return jonrney. To-morrow slt would go back to Powyss Place and tell Lady Be lena : after that her thoughts broke, To night she could not look beyond. The misery, the shame, the horrible scandal,the loneliness, thebo whole wreck of life that was to come, she could not feel as yet. She know what she would do to-morrow ; after that all was a blank. What a lovely night it was. What were they doing at home ? What was Trixy about just now 1 What wae Obarley I She had made up her mind never to think of Charley more. His face rose vividly before her now in the Inoonray4 pale, temn,onteaptuoas. ' Oh,'she passionately thought, 'how he must scorn, how he must despise me!' 'Whatever comes;' he had said to het that rainy morning at Sandypoint, ' whatever the new life brings, you are never to blame me.' How long ago that rainy morning seemed no w; what an eternity since that other night in the snow. If she had only died beside him that night, the clean, white painless death, unspotted from the world ! If she had only died that night! Her arms were on the window-sill her face fell upon them. One hour, two, three passed: she never moved, she was not crying, she had a dull suffering, with a numb, torpid, miserable sense of pain. All her life since thatrainy spring day when Charley Stuart had come to Sandypoint with his mother's letter re turned to her. She had striven and cow. quetted to bring about the result she wanted: it had seemed such a dazzling thing to be a baronet's wife, with an income that would flow to her like a ceaseless oldeiiver.Sheýha.diilted the man she loved in cold blood, and accepted the man to whom her heart ( was as a stone. [n the hour when for- I tune was deserting her best friends she i had deserted them too. And the end was-this. It was close upon twelve when Emily, the maid, sleepy and cross, tapped at the door, She had to tap many times before her mistress heard her, When she did hear and open and the girl came in, she recoiled from the ghastly pallor . of her lady's face. 'I shall not want you to-night,' Edith said, briefly; .you may go to bed.' 'But you are ill, my lady; if you only saw yourself! Can't I fetch you some. thing---a glass of wine from the dining room 1 'Nothing, Emily, thak you. I have sat up too long in the night-air, that is I all. Go to bed- I shall do vry well? .j The girl went, full of pity and wonder, shaking her head.. ' Only this morning . thought -what a fine thing it was to be the bride of so fine a gentleman, and look at her now.' Left alone; she closed and fastened the window herself: 'An insupportable sense of pain. and weariness oppressed her. She did not undress -she loosened her clothes, wrapped a heavy soft rail. way rug about her, and lay down upon the bed. In five minutes the tired eyes had closed. There is no siurer narcotic than trouble sometimes, hers was for gotten-deeply, dreamlessly she slept until morning. The sun was high in the sky when she awoke. She raised herself upon her elbow and looked around bewildered. In a second yesterday flashed upon her, and her journey of to-day. She arose, made her morning toilet, and rang for l eakfast was waiting it was past nine, o'clock; and she could leave Car narvon in three-quarters of an hour. She made an effort to eat and drink but it was little better than effort. She gave Jamieson his parting instruc tions. He was to remain here until to-morrow, by that time orders would come from Powyss Palace. Then, in the dress she had travelled in yester day, ihe entered the railway carriage, and started upon her return journey. K How speedy her honeymoon had ended! 'A curious sort of smile passed over' her face as she thought it. She She had not anticipated Elysium buite, but she certainly had anticipated some thing very different from this. She kept back thought resolutely she would not think resolutely. She sat and looked at the genial October landscape flitting by. Sooner or later thefloodgates would open,but not yet. It was about' three in the afternoon when the fly from the railway drove up to the stately portico entrance of Powyss Palace. She 'paid and dis missed the man, and knocked authori tatively. The servant who opened the door fell back staring as though she had,heen a ghost. 'Is Lady Helena at home I Lady Helena was at homce, and still the: man stared blankly as he made the reply. She swept past him, and made her' way unannounced to her ladyship's private apartments. She tapped at the door. 'Come in,' said the familiar voice, and she obeyed. Lady Helena arouse and stood spell, bound, gazing in mute consternation at the pale girl before her. SEdith,' she could just gasp, ' what is this Where is Victor ' Edith came in, closed the door, and quietly faced her ladyship. ' I have not the faintest idea where Sir Victor Catheron may be at this present mooent. Wherever he is, it is to be hoped he is able to take care ofhimself, I know I have not seen him since four o'clock yesterday after noon.' The lips of Lady Helena moved; but no sound came. from them. Some great and nameless terror seemed to have fallen upon her. It was rather an unusual thing to do,' the clear, steady tones of the bride went on, 'but being very tired after the journey, I fell asleep in the cottage parlour at Carnarvoni half an hour after our arrival. Sir 5Victor has left me-to take a walk arid a smoke, he sasd. It was nearly seven when I awoke. I was still alone;your nephew had come and gone. 'Gone 1' 'Gone; and left this for me. Read it, Lady Helena, and you will see that in returning here I am only obeying my lord md master's command.' She took the note firom her pock and presented it. Her ladyship took it, read it, her face growing a dreadfuL ashen gray. ' So soon,' she said, in a sort of whis. per; ' that it should have fallen uion him so soon ! Oh, I feared it-I feared It-I feared it!' " 'You feared it,' Edith repeated, watching her intently. 'Does that mean your ladyship understands this letter? 'Heaven help me ! I am afraid I do.' ' It means, then,' what I thought it meant, that when I married Sir Victor yesterday I married a madman.' There was a sort of moan from Lady Helena. No other reply. ' Insanity is in the Catheron blood y knew that from the first. His father lived and died a maniac. The father's fate is the son's. It has lain dormant for three and twenty years, to break out on his wedding day. Lady Helena, am I right?' But Lady Helena was sobbing con vulsively now. Her sobs were her only reply. ' It is hard on you,' Edith said, with a dreary sort of pity. ' You loved him.' 'And you did not,' the elder woman retorted, looking up. 'You loved your cousin, and you married my poor, un happy boy for his title and his wealth. It would have been better for him had he died than ever set a~lonynu-face icug-. better,' Edith answered, steadily; ' better for him- better for me. You are right, Lady Helena Powyss. I loved my cousin, and mar.' ried your nephew for his title and his wealth. 1 deserve all you can say of me. The worst will not be half bad enough,' Her ladyship's 'face drooped again, her suppressed sobbing was the only. sound to be heard. 'I have come to you,' Edith went on, 'to tell you the truth. I don't ask what this secret is hespeaks of-I don't wish to know. I think he should be looked after. If he be insane he should not be allowed to go at large.' 'If he be insane,' Lady Helena cried, looking up again, angrily; ' you do well to say.it. He is no more insane than you are.' Edith stood still looking at her. The last trace of colour faded from' her face.' 'TNofinsane," she whispered as if to herself;.'not insane. and he deserts me!' 'Oh, what have I said!' Lady 'He. lena cried. 'Forgive me, Edith; I don't know what I am saying-l don't know what I think. Leave me alone, and lot me try to understand it if I can. Youri old rooms are ready for you. You have come to remain with me, of course ' 'For the present, yes. Of the future I have not yet thought. I will leave you alone, Lady Helena, as you desire. I will not trouble you again until to-. morrow.' She was quitting the room. Lady Helena arose and took her in her arms, her face all blotted with a rain of tears. ' My child, my child,' she cried, ' it is hard on you-so young, so pretty, and only married yesterday ! Edith, you frighten me! What are you made of? You look like a stone!' ' I feel like a stone. I can'tcry. I think I have no heart, no soul, no feel ing, no conscience-that I am scarcely. a human being. I am an hardened; call- V ous watch, for whom my fate is too good. Don't 'pity me, dear Lady IHelena-don't waste one tear on me. I am not worth it.' She touched her lips to the wet cheek, and went slowly on' her way. No heart, no soul ! If she had, both ! felt benumbed, dead. She seemed to herself a century old as she toiled'on to her familiar rooms. They met no more that day ; each kept to her own. apartments.: The afternoon set in wet and wild, the rain fell ceaselessly and dismally ; an even ing to depress the happiest closed down. It was long after dark when there came a ring at the bell, and the foot man, opening the door, saw the figure of a man, muffled and disguised, in slouch hat and great coat. He held an umbrella'over his head, and a scarf twisted about the lower parts of his face. In a husky voice, stifled in-this scarf, he asked for Lady Helena. ' Her ladyship's at home' the foot man answered, rather superciliously, ' but she don't set any strangers at this hour.' 'Give her this,' the stranger said. 'she will see me.' In spite of that scarf and umbrelia, there was something familiar in the air of the visitor, something familiar in his tone. 'The man took the note suspici ously and passed it to another. who passed it to' another, who passed it to her ladyship's maid.' ' The maid passed. it to her ladyship, who read it with a suppressed cry. 'Show him into the library at once. I will go down.' The muffled man was shown in, still wearing hat and scarf. The library was but dimly lit. He'stood like a dark shadow. An instant later the door opened, and Lady Helena, pale and wild, appeared on the threshold. '* It is,' she faltered, 'it is you !' She approached slcwly, her terrified eyes riveted on the hidden face. 'It is I, Lock the door.' She obeyed-she came nearer. He drew.away the scarf, lifted the hat, and showed her the face of Sir Victor Catheron. CHAPTER XXIII: THE SECOND ENDING OF THN XGEDT. The morning dawned over Powyss Place-dawned in wild wind and driv ing rain still-dawned upon Edith, deserted more' strangely than surely bride was ever deserted before. She had'darkened her chamber-she had forced herself resolutely to sleep. But the small hours had come before she had succeeded, and it was close upon ten when the dark eyes opened from dreamland to life. Strange mockery ! It was for ever of Charley, and the days that were for ever gone, she dreamed For hours and hour she had paced her room the evening and night'before, all the desolation, all the emptiness and loa of her life upread out before her. She had sold herself deliberately, and with her eyes open, and this was her eward. Deserted in the hour of her tritumph, humiliated as never bride was humiliated before, the-talk, the ridicule of the county-an object of contemps tuous pity to the whole world. And Charley and Trixy, what would they say when they heard of her down fallI She was very proud; no young princess had ever haughtier blood cours ing through her royal veins than this portionless American girl. For wealth and rank she had bartered life and love, and verily she had her reward i She suffered horribly. As she paced up and down her face was distorted with the torture within. She flung her self into a seat, and hied to still the ceaseless, gnawing, maddening pain. In vain ! She could neither sit still, nor think, nor deaden her torment. And when at last she. threw herself face downward on her bed, it was only to sleep the spent sleep of utter exhaustion. But she was 'pluck' to the backbone. Next day, when she had bathed and -madebhertoilet,-,id-deacended to - the breakfast-.room, the closest observer could have read nothing of lastnight in the fixed, cold calm of her face. The worst that could ever happen had hap. pened. She was ready now to live and die game. Lady Helena, very pale, very tre,. mulous, very frightened and helpless-. looking, awaited her. A large red fire burned on the hearth. Herladyship was wrapped in. a fluffy white shawl; but she shivered in spite of both. The lips that touched Edith's cheek were almost as cold as that cold cheek itself. Tears started to her eyes as. she spoke to her. ' My child,' she said, 'how cold you are-how cold and ill you look. I am afraid you did not sleep at all.' 'Yes, I slept,' answered Edith,,' for a few hours, at least. The weather has something to do with it, perhaps. I ala ways fall a prey to the horrors in wet and windy weather.' Then they sat down to the fragrant and tempting ,reakfast,, and ate with what appetite they might. As for Edith, she hardly made a pretence of eating she drank a large cup of strong coffee and arose. ' Lady Helena,' she began, abruptly, ' as I came out of my room two of the servants were whispering in the corri dor. I merely caught a word or two in passing. They stopped immediately on seeing me. But from that word or two I infer this- Sir Victor Catheron was here to see.you last night.' Lady Helena was trilling nervously with her spoon; It fell with a clash now into her cup, and her terriffed eyes looked piteously at her companion. 'If you desire to keep this i secret too,'. Edith said, her. lip curling scorn~ fully. lof course you are at liberty to quesVionst. ---f?-l-6t --rsnouua-5tin -o know-it may influence my own move ments.' .. ' What do you intend to dol' her ladyship brokenly asked. 'That you shall hear presently. Just now the question is: Was your neps hew here last night or not x' 'He was.' She said it was a sort of sob, hiding her face in her hands. • May heaven help me,' she added; 'itis growing more than I can bear Oh, my child, what can I say toyou, how can I comfort you, in that great trouble that has conie upon you s' 'You are very good, but I would rath'er not be comforted. I have been utterly base and mercenary from first to last, and wretch who has richly earned her fate. Whatever has be fallen me. I desire. 'I married your nephew without one spark of affection for.him. He was no more to me than any labourer on his estate. I doubt whether he ever could have been. I meant : to try-who knows how ?it would have ended s I married Sir Victor Catheron for his rank and riches his title and rent.roll-I married the baronet, riot- the man.- And it has ended thus ! I am widowed on my wedding-day - cant-off - forsaken. Have I not earned my fatel' She laughed drearily, a short, bitter. laugh. ' I don't venture to ask too many questions-I'don't battle with my fate; I thro w up my arms and yield at once But this 'I would like to know. Mad. ness is hereditary. in his family. Un worthy of all love as I am, I think-I think-Sir Victor loved me; and unless he be mad, I can't understand why he deserted me. Lady Helena, answer me this, as you will.one day.answer your Maker: Is Sir Victor Catheron sane or mad 1' There was a pause as she asked the dreadful question-a pause, in which the heating of the autumnal rain upon the glass,the soughing of the autumnal gale,sounded preternatually loud. Then, brokenly, in trembling tones, and not looking up, came Lady Helena' answer. ' Heaveu pity him and you, he is not mad. Then there was silence again; the elder woman, her face buried in her Shands and resting on the table, was cry ing silently and miserably. At the window, the tall, slim figure of the gir stood motionless, her hands clasped loosely before her, her dry, bright eyes looking out at the'slanting rain,; the low-lying, lead-coloured sky, the black trees aslant in the high October gale. ' Not mad,' she repeated after that long pause; you are quite certain of this, my lady I Not mad, and he has left me. 'He has left you. Oh, my child ! if I dared only tell you all-if I dared only tell you how it is because of his great and passionate love for you hlie leaves you. If ever there wns a martyr on this earth it is my poor boy. If you had seen him as I saw him last night-worn to a shadow in one day, suffering for the loss of you, until death would be a relief -even you would have pitied him. . Would I I" Well, perhaps so, though my heart is a hard one. Of course, I don't understand a word of all this-of course, as he said in his letter, some secret of guilt and shame lies behind it all. And yet, perhaps I could come nearer to the 'secret' than either you or he think,' Lady Helena looked suddenly up, that terrified, hunted look in her eyes. ' What do you niean r she gasped. 'This,' the firm, cold voice of Edith' said,. as Edith's bright dark eyes fixed themselves pitilessly on her; 'this, Lady Helena Powyss: that the secret which takes him from me is the secret of his mother's murder-the secret - which he learned at his father's death. bed. Shall I tell you who committed tiat murder ' Her ladyship's lips moved, but nO sdund came.. She sat spell.bound, watching that pale fixed, face before her. 'Not Inez Catheron, who was ima prisoned for it-not Jlian Catheron, who was suspected of it. Iam aYankee, LLady Helena, and consequently clever at guessing. I believe that Sir Victor Catheron in cold blood murdered his own wife !' There was a sobbing cry. Whether at the shock of the terrible words, or at their truth, who was.to tell? 'I believe the late'Sir Victor Oaths. run to have been a deliberate and cows ardly murderer,' Edith went on; co cowardly, that his weak brain turned when he saw what he had done, and thought of the consequences, and that he paid the penalty of his crime in a life: of insanity. The 'motive I don't I pretend to fathom-jealousy of Juan, Catheron, perhaps-and on his dying bed he confessed all to his son.' SWith face blanched;:,and" eyes still full of terror, her ladyship looked at the dark, contemptuous, resolute speaker. 'And if this be true-ydur horrible surmise, mindl I don't admit that it is \-- would that be any excuse for Victor's conduct in leaving you ' ' 'No,' Edith answered, her eyes flash. ing, 'none! Having married' me, not ten thousand family secrets should be strong enough to make him desert me. If'he had come to me, if he 'bad told me, as he was bound to do, before our wedding day, I would have pitied him with all my soul. If anything could ever make me care 'for him as a wife should care for a husband, it would have been that pity. But if he came to me now, and knelt before me, imploring me to return, I would not-I would die sooner !' She was walking up and down now. gleams of passionate scorn and rage in her dark eyes. ' It is all folly and balderdash, this talk of his love for me making him leave me. Don't let us have anymore of it. earth could ever convince me-of it.' ' And yet,' the sad, patient voice of -poor Lady 'Helena sighed, 'it is true.' Edith stopped in her walk, and looked at her increduloniusly. ' Hady Helena,' she said, ' 'you are my kind friend-you know the world \--you are a woman of sense, not likely to have your brain turned with vapours. Answer %e this: do you think that, acting as he has done, Sir" Victor has done right I' Lady Helena's sad eyes met hers full. Lady Helena's voice was full 'of pathos and earnestness as she replied 'Edith, I am your friend, I am in my sober senses, and I believe in my soul Victor has done right ?' 'Well,' Edith said, after a long pause, during which she resumed her walk, ' I give it up. I don't under stand, and I never shall. I am hope lessly in the dark.' I can conceive no motive-none strong enough to make his conduct right. I thought him mad -you say he is sane. I thought he did me a shameful, irreparable wrong-you say he has done right. I will think no more about it, since if I thought to to my "dying day I could come' nd nearer the truth.' ' You will know one day,' answered Lady Helena ; ' on his death bed-and, poor fellow, the sooner that day comes the better for him,' Edith made an.impatient gesture. ' Let us talk' about. it no more. What is done is done. Whether Sir Victor Catheron lives or dies can in no way concern me now. I think, with your permission. I will go back to my room, and try to sleep away this dismal day.' 'Wait oeo moment, Edith.' It was onyour acconnt:Victor came here last night-to take over the arrangements he was making for your. future:.' A curious smile came over Edith's lips. 'She was once more back at the window, looking out at the rainubeaten day. S'My future,' she slowly repeated. I!n' what possible way can my future concern Sir Victor Catheron ' ' (To be continued,) FirstLady.--Mrs Gibbs, I hear that your. husband has fnailed. Second Lady. -Yes; he is the most unfortunate man I ever knew-,-fails in whatever he under takes. He tried to hang himself after his failure. 'Poor man ! Did he succeed ?' 'No. Failed even in that. The rope broke.' The following military officers have passed for' promotion:-For Major-Cap? tanin T. Tcmplcton. For Captain-Lieut: J. W. McCay, both of 4th Battalion V. Rifles. The appointment of regimental Sergcant-Major T. Jones of the 4th Bat talion V.R. to the position of first-class warrant oflicer has been approved. " What a lovely face M Augur has in repose--perfectly beautiful!' Don't you think so ?" said an exthesiastic yonlng man to a grave old gentleman, who replied : 'I can't say I never saw her face in re pose.' 'Indeed !' exclaimed the you g man ; 'then you arc not intimately ac quainted with the lady?' 'N-no- I'm hier husband,' said thie grave old gentle man. 