TTRTM'S DTT,T?,MM A CnAPTER XIII. There is no occasion to linger ovor tho doparturo ot Sir Rupert's guests, nor to toll how Mr. Dospard, Mrs. Hcspnrd, and Miss Dospard drove homo in tho cool moonlight in doad silonco, tlio two former inoru Luuu null usiuup, duo iullui- uhhl, upright, starinp; out into tlio bright, whito night with wide unsooiug. eyos, and a face oxprossiveof tho grimmest rosolution. To toll of how a cortain pony-carriago was carefully despatched undor the por- sonal suporintoudonco of tho host, nor how a certain young lady boro tho rccolloction of his parting whispers in her car, his fond pressure on her hnnd all tho way homo botwoon thoso high, glistening, dewy hedges, fragrant with wild rosos nnd honeysuckle. Wns she nwako' or droamiug? Was ovor any girl in tho wholo wide world so happy or so blossod? That night Mrs. Dcspard received a visit from her oldest daughtor — a secret visit, in tho sanctity of her dressing- room. She wns amazed to soe her oldest horn , walk into tho room in a flowing dressing-gown, her spavso fringo in curl papers, and lior face oxprossivo of some solemn intelligence, at tho unusual hour of two o'cIock n.m. " Alotlior I sho said, sitting down on tlio end of a sofa, rosting horhnndB on hor knoos, and gazing at hor parent, who, in a wido-frillod night-cap, boro a strong resemblance to tho wolf in "Rod Riding Hood." "I have somotliing important to toll yon — something you must ho told before I sloop to-night 1 " " Goodnoss gracious, Blanche 1 " ex claimed hor mother, excitedly, pushing hack hor chair and rising. "You don't moan to toll mo Rupert has proposed ? " "Not for mo!" rotnrncd her daughtor, in a voice that Yvas almost sepulchral in its tono of tragio solemnity. "Not for me, hut for bliss Brown ! '' . "Hoavoiis abovo!" cried her motlior, invoking tlio coiling with startling om- phasis. " Y'ou aro out of your sonsos. It ib. impossible ! Rupert is not sncli an idiot. Ho might nmuso himself with hor. Ho might mnko a fool of himself ! Rut, no! lie would novel' marry hor!" . " You forgot that Rupert never amuses himself in the way you mean, mother ! " roturnod lior daughtor, drily. "And I suppose I may trust tho evidence of my own eyes and oars! I was going into tho gallory to look for a glovo I had dropped, and I saw and hoard quite onough." "What did you seo?" domanded her incredulous parent. i: " I saw him kiss lior. I hoard him ask her to he his wife. It is lioedloss to ro- roark that what I toll you is strictly— strictly privato." "And shop" inquired Mrs. Dospaixl, in a choked voice. "Ohslio! Noodyouask. Skojumpod at him, of course 1 " " So much for your fathor's pig-hoaded- ness ! " cried Mrs. Dospard, almost in tears. "Ho would koop that abominable girl. I know bIio would work some ter rible mischief. I know it. Your father is an old fool, doclnring that sho was doing suoh wondors with Loo-Loo and ilatio. I'rotty wonuors ! " And I hoard - him telling twonty people this evening that sho wns a troasuro. .See how my hands aro tiodl " holding out her bony inombors plain tively. " " AVhat can I do or say ? How can I dismiss hor, when sho hoars she is so oleyer, so modest, so good-tomporod ? What can I do ?" <" I know what you can do, motlior 1 I think I have nn idoa. If wo could only got her out of tho house, and if wo could only open Rupert's oyes wo would bo doing our duty, would wo not ? " " Cortninly, my child I " " Woll, I long suspootod that there wns somotliing quoor about hor," said Miss Dospard, " and now I knorv it ! I hoard hor tolling Rupert tlint sho could not marry him nor ho publicly engagod to him till Decombor. She said sho is not what she seems." "That I'll ho hound, tho hypocriticnl hussy ! " interrupted Mrs. Dospard, with -cordial assent. " Sho said slio ivas in somo ono's powor . —somo man's ! And that sho would not bo froo till lie came home. She said, 'You are not only marrying a pauper and ra nobody, but you are marrying a girl 'With a secret.' " " Ah, ha ! a secret indood ! Woll, sho 'won't have it to herself long with you on 'the trail, Blancho," said hor mother, with a look of maternal complacency. " I nover know such a girl as you are for getting to tho bottom of otlior pcoplo's 'affairs. You aro a regular dotoctivo in potticoats ! " "Yes, mamma. I think I havo a little talont in that way. 1 cnn put two and two together as well as most people, " slio repliod. Tlum breaking into a sudden glow of indignation, " Could von liavo Relieved it of Rupert? Of iill peoplo would you over havo thought ho would liaY'o been such a fool ? And ho is very fond of her ! " sho added, with an accent of intenso bitterness. " Oh " — taking up hor candle and swooping towards the door — " it is enough to drive one mad." Meanwhile Helen was pacing- her ,room in a state of the greatest beatitude. How happy oho was in the belief that she was loved by Sir llupoii for herself alone ! In this respect, at any rate, hor mad freak hod turned out as she had wishod ; and she was hopeful that when Decomhor came and brought lior fnond Mr. Towors and her roloaso from tho falso position in which sho lvns now placod, hnppinosn to tho fullest extent would be hers. How surprised Ruport would bo, and what a blow tho revolution of hnr ldontity Yvitli tho rich heiress would lie to hor aunt and cousin 1 Helen retired and fell to slonp amid sweot visions of tlio happinoss tlmt sho folt was in store for lior. In tho morning slio confided to Katio tlio secret of lier cugagoinont to Sir Ruport. Katie rccoivetl all Holon's hopes and fears and confidences about Ruport with ready and npprociativo sympathy. Poor Katie I who would novor havo a lover of licr own. Sho told her friend liow good a son ho had boon to Ins horrid, extrava gant, unpnnoipled old father, who, uttorly hocdloss of who Yvas to como after him, had spent nnd squandered ovory half penny he could raise on tho cstato, and how, nftor years of riotous living, and racing, nnd gambling, nnd all manner of ill-doings, ho hnd como ham-' to dio at Oargew, a broken-down, dissipated old wrook. How ho had lingered on for two years, a peevish, caustic, irritablo invalid, nursed by- Mrs. Banco and waited on by his son, whom ho had conipollod to leave tho army and sacrifice his prospects and his wislios to his own. Thanks to chanco meetings in the park, Helen and Ruport contrived to soo each other sovoral times — always, as before, m tlio prosonco of Katie and Loo-Loo ; but Katie, with wonderful dexterity, man aged to leave the lovers to walk in front alone, luring Loo-Loo to hor side by moans boat known to horsolf. Thoso meetings wore uncertain, were short, but they wore bottor than nothing. Sir Rupert talkod to Helen frooly of his past, his present, and their future. With marvellous delicacy, ho nover touoliod on hor former lifo nor asked a singlo quostion likoly to trenoh in the most distant manner on tho_ mystery in which she was wrapped. Until she choose to raiBO the voil he was oontent to sit in darkness. His blind truBt movod Holon moro than words could say. Oh ! that Mr. Towers would como home, that sho might he horsolf again, and toll him all ! Ono ovoning there was a grand dinnor- party downstairs, at which Katio had beon a most reluctant guest. Lou-Loo and Holen wore taking tea together in the re tirement of the schoolroom. Katio camo limping in, and stooping over Holon, whispored, — " Rupert is here. You are to go down to him in tho orolinrd at onco, lie must seo you ! " Wrapping a light shawl over her head and shouldors Helou hurried downstairs, fled through tho opon library window nnd aown tho torrnces iiKo a lapwing, alio found Ruport in evening-dress smoking a cigar, which ho tossed aside the instant ho caught eight of hor. Aftor tlio first rapture of their meeting was ovor, Rupert said, — "Holon, I have some news for you; not very good news, I am afraid. I am going away to-morrow nil the way to Naples ! " " To Naples — to-morrow 1 " bIio echoed, hor smilos fading. "Yos. My only undo — my motlior's brothor — is vorv ill. I am his noarest-of- kin, and ho wishes to have mo near him. I cannot let tho poor old follow dio all alone in n foreign country, can I P Whenover ho is better, or wlienovor lie breathes his last, you may bo certain that I shall come homo as fast as steam can tako mo. Koop thinking of mo always, darling 1 You will write and I will writo," ho prneeodod, ohoorfully. " It won't bo for longor than a month at most." Thoir hands wore clasped, his arm wns round hor as thoy slowly paced towards the house. Another bond of tho walk will bring tliom in sight of the windows. It ia time for Ruport to prosont himself in tlio drnwing-room. Thoy must part. ' ' Whatever comes yonr will trust mo,' said Holou, with an ill-stiflod sob. " You will always boliove in mo, and be tho samo to mo ns you ore now." " Ahvaya ! always ! " he reiterates. " Good-bye, my own, my dearest ! " lie whispored, straining lior to his breast as though ho novor meant to part from hor again, and in anotliop momont sho had disappeared up tlio moonlit walk, and was out of sight. A fow days after Sir Rupert's doparturo tlio soliool-room was visited ono morning by Mrs. Dospard, a most unusual ocour- ronco. ICoy-baskot in hnnd, with a moro than usual uprightness of oarringo, sho camo sailing into tho school, whilst Loo- Loo wns in all tho agonies of French composition. " My visit is especially to you, Miss Erown," sho said. " I had a letter this morning from your friond Mr. Phillips, from Madras, requesting to know if you wore still under my roof, and onclosing this," handing Holon a thin foreign note with tho vory tips of hor fingers. "Sho says sho haB written to you ropoatodly. and that you havo novor answered even ono of tho letters. Most extraordinary. ItiBnot, ns I. slinll toll her, for lack of loisuro," aildod Mrs. Dospard, with a sniff of indignation. Many letters had come from tho samo destination, and thoy all lay up in Holen's desk unopened. " Why should Bho road thomP" sho said to horsolf, "thoy were not intended for hor, hut for that otlior Miss Drown who lay many fnthonis doop undor tlio wavos of tlio Mediterranean. "I presume ynu will answer that lottor," continued Mrs. Dospard, aggros- sivoly ; "at any rate, I have done my part, and I Blinll take care to toll Mrs. Phillips that I mysolf gave it into your own hnnd ! " The rustling of Mrs. Dospard's depart ing train washniled with a sigh of relief by the thrco girls in tho schoolroom. When lossons wore ovor, Holon, after somo reflection, opened tho lottor, which still lay intact bosido hor. As she slowly porusos it lior face grows pale as death ; she aooms as if she suddonly turned to stono — Katie, hardly loss whito thnn hor solf, monnwliilo dovouring her with her oyes. At last her hands drop liolplossly in lior lap, ' and tho lottor flutters to the floor. Sho makes an effort — a fruitloss oifort — to rise, and, iu another second, falls senseless forwnrd on the table. Perhaps you wonld like to see the fatal opistlo that has suddenly worked such a change in our horoino. We piok it up, ns it lias fallen, and read it. It runs thus: — My Dhaii Fhieni), — What has become of you? I havo written and written nnd writton —and begin to think you must bo doad. Seriously, Mrs. Scott lias written _mc two terrible letters about you, and declaring tlmt she must havo money at once. Surely you do not wish your child to starve? You know you told- mo that your own iittlo income of fifty pounds per annum was to be put aside solely for him, and you would support yourself as a single woman. Mrs. Glass tells mo she has not hoanl from you or hud a penny r.inco j'on loft Madras, nud the last pavincnt was mado new moro than a voar ago. You kuow sho cannot koop thn child for nothing— 1m ib now a boy vory noarly two years old. She has hor own children to consider and I— you know that I never havo a rapoo I can oall my own.' Send hor a good sum on receipt of this letter to appease hor, by hook or by crook, or olso sho will send your little follow to tho workhouso. Sho declares sho will— and tell tho wholo story —for ho and sho and hers havo boon wanting tho very lioccssarios of lifo— oven bread. Hor other alternative is that slio will appoal to your husband, ami tull him of you ana the child's whoroabonts. - So you seo there 18 not a mo ment to be lost— and surely you would not lot vonr own dosh and blood starve, or go on the parish I Even if you pawn yonr clothes, you must send money 1 Sho is now et 3, Stubu s- cnurt, Houndsditcli. — Your affectionate, friond, Fannt PniLLirs. It was only n moinontnrv giddinoss that had soizod Holon — almost ere Katio was bosido her, with restoratives, salts, toilot vinegar, &c.;, sho had rocovorod so far ns to sit up, push lior hair back from bor toinplos, in a half-dazed, bewildered sort of way. nnd — supremo ofifort — pockot tho lottor which hod givon hor such a shock. " It was somo bad nows — something that you have just soon in that lottor," said Katie, following this aotion with hor all-Booing eyes. " Yes ! " faltered Holen, greedily soizmg a glass of wntor, and drinking it right off. " There 1 I am bettor now." " Has it anything to Bay to — to your secret?!' said Katie, hesitatingly; "tho secret you aro obliged to keep from Ruport P " " Yos, it has everything to say to it," returned Holen, without hesitation. " It is a pnaso ot tuo secret tor wmcn jl was uttorly unprepared," standing up, and laying hor nund on Katie's shoulder. " I cannot tell you what it is— I wish I eould !" But, seeing lior companion's fnco of grieved, incredulous ainnzoment, sho hastily added, "Never mind, Katie, you shall know it all some day ! Now, if you don't mind being alone, I will go up to my own room for a Iittlo " "Yos, go and lie down — you are as whito as a ghost — and here, hobbling quiokly after hor, " tako ray smolling bottlo. I wish that horrid lottor hod boon burnt before it ever roaoliod England 1 " ' ' That would havo boon worso than all!" roturnod Holon, emphatically, pausing for an instant are sbo closed tho door. CHAPTER XIV. "Wlion Holen reached hor own sanctum sho closed and looked tlio door, and, seat ing horsolf on tho first available choir, endeavoured to collect hor sonsos and ad just her ideas. So tho otlmr Miss Drown was married 1 had a child — tho wedding-ring was not an empty tolron 1 No womlor she had ovincod suoh reluctance to assume anothor charac ter and to appear in bovi owed plumos ! And sho, Holou Drown, who had boon masquerading iu her personality — who was living in her place and under hor name — was rosponsiblo for this dead woman s onnu : ic was an our starving. Money must ,be sent nt pnoo, without tho delay of anothor post ; but where was tho money to como from ? Hor own fortune wns at present a dead lottor ; the yearly sum of fifty pounds be longing to the child 'e mother was a dead lotter as well, for how could she claim it, evon supposing that sho know how to sot about roooiving it P Here was a dilemma, indeed ! Prom noithor of tho two characters that she had. personated could sho claim one penny ; and yet this poor Iittlo wnif and stray was dopondont on hor, and must bo main tained. Sho roso, and oponing hor dressing-box, took hor small and vory loan purso, nnd turning it absolutely inside out, began to reokou up its moagro oontonts. Ono pound thirtocn and fourponoo and two ponny stamps represented at present hor worldly all. That oroam-colonrod costume, although made by her own tasteful and clover ffngors, nnd its accessories — tho hat, laces, and gloves — had made a serious iuronil on hor small salary, and her next quarter would not bo due for another six woeks. Porhaps, sho thought, with heighten ing colour and n tremor of trepidation, Mrs. Dospard would advance hor the small amount! It could bo nothing to hor — only six pound sovon-and-six. She hated tho bare notion of asking for it, and turned over in hor mind various aohomos for getting a little money ; but all, on cool reflection, proved impracti cable. Sho could not soil her watch. How, when, or where ? Sho eould not botrow from Katie — no ! Nor froiu Rupert — ton thousands times no I Thero was nothing for it but to faco Mrs. Despard, nnd bravoly make tho re quired demand. Onco having thoroughly and doliberntoly mado up her mind as to the course she "was to pursue, she lost no time in unnocossary delay. It was a vory aisngreuaoio out uioviuioio task, and tlio sooner it was ovor tho bettor ! So she hastily bathed her face, rubbed hor pnlo cheeks violently with a hard towel, smoothed her hair, and, hurrying downstairs, inquired of one of tho foot men (whom sho surprised lolling in his master's arin-cliair iu tlio writing-runm perusing tlio Field) if sho could soo Mrs. Despard for a fow minutes on business. " Yos, bIio was to walk in," camo tlio answor from tho Iittlo bluo drawing-room, whore sho found Blanche buried in a dolioiously- luxurious low arm-chair, and a French novel ; and Mrs, Despard, spectacles on noso, drawn up liofore lior Diivonpoi-t, immersed in tlio by no moans pleasing task of looking ovor tlio items of sovoral largo tnillinors' bills. Never of a very urbauo and gracious temperament, hor prnaont occupation had created a flamo of burning and righteous indigna tion in Mrs. Dospard's bosom. Our friond Helen could not havo pre ferred lior modest requost at a mote unpropitious moment. ' " An advance of salary. Miss Brown ! " exclaimed Mrs. Dospard, in a key of amusod incredulity. " I regret that it is entirely out of the quostion— utterly foreign to my principles ! I novor pay for what I have not received." " But I do wnnt this small sum so vory liadly ! Porhnps for onco you would mnko nn oxcoption — only onno ! " pleaded Holon, with crimson- choeked humility. " Roallv ! AVoll, I am not surprised. I quite understand your embarrassment. A pressing bill, no doubt. Your most foolish and unsuitable stylo of dross must entail considerable expoiise. But if your milliner is clamorous pvny don't como to nio. I sot my faco entirely against all kinds of credit, and dobt, and excess." Oh, oh, oh! Mrs. Dospard! nnd how about tho Iittlo account for ono thousand ono hundred nnd sovonty-sovon pounds somo odd shillings, now lying iu your lap, to which is aliixod a polite hut firm romiiidor " that as it lias boon now owing somo time a sottlomont will obligo P " " I assure you that it is not for dross, nor for dobt, lior for any personal uso that I want this small advance, " returned Helen, hastily. "Then for what do you require your salary P " inquired Mrs. Dospard, with rudo curiosity. " It is not in my power to toll you," replied her governess, looking down in some confusion. " Then I am sorry to toll you that it is not in my powor to grant your reqnost," said Mrs. Dospard, with an ironical imitation of Helen's last speech. "And now" — turning towards hor Davonport with a little inclination of hor head — " I nood not dotain your any longor from your duties. Good morning ! " Helen had no choico but to accept hor dismissal, and left tho room with a vory lionvy heart. ' ' What wns Bho to do p " was a quostion that she kept asking horsolf nt each step as sho slowly nsconded tho wido, shallow stairs. Happy thought, as sho roaohod tho first landing— hor sealskin jnckot. Would Miss Dospard buy it now ? Meanwhile tho fair Blanche, having rested her novel face downwards in lior lap, turnod to hor motlior, and said, with uniidunl animation. — " What can sho want with tlio monoy, mamma P Not for herself, not to pay a debt ; then it is for smnohodv else— nnd for whom? I would givo something to know," pinolnnghor ohm reflectively. "I'll tell you what," returned hor mother, with a sudden flash of intolligoneo, " it has something to do with that lotter that came this morning." " Yes, that is it, of course. How stupid of me not to have thought of it before ; and how sharp of you mnthor. Boliovo me, you will find that thero is some mystory about hor yet — somo unpleasant secret. Oh, if I only had the clue m my fingers ; " — drawing in her breath with a short, quiok respiration that augured but ill for Holen's ouanoos of escaping detec tion, or finding moroy at tho hands of Miss Blanche Dospard. " And now I must go and got ready to drive ovor to the Fordos — rather a bore — but it must be done. Don't bother yourself over thoso bills, mother. If all trades fail, I shall marry Archy Fordo, whoso money is his only at traction ; but he has certainly plenty of that, as ho is a well-gilded pill." " Nonsense, Blanche, an old parvonu, as hideous as a satyr ! My dear child, how can you say suoh silly things, evon in jest ? " But ore she hnd conol udod, Blanche was gono, was slowly dawdling un tho stairs, and had nut failed to soo Holen walking hurriedly to nnd fro in tho cor ridor. evidoutly lying in wait for some ono— anil that some ono proved, to hor vast surprise, to lie horsolf. " Miss Dospard," said Holon, suddonly accosting hor, " may I dotain you for ono second ? " " Como into my room thon, for I am just going out," repliod the young lady, opening a neighbouring door, audridvnno- ing into a large and most -daintly-up- holstorad upartmont. " Sho is going to toll mo something. I see it in her oyes," sho said to horsolf, o.vuLbuuuys "You once offered to purohnse— iny sealskin jacket," said tho govornoss, with halting speech. " I did," returned Miss Blanche, with acerbity, " and you promptly refused my offer." " Would you take it now — tho jacket, I moan ? " said Holen, timidly. " It has boon but Iittlo worn— y iu can have it for half-price, twenty guinens." " Half-prico ! liow do T know what you paid for it?" roturn'ed Miss Despard, insolently. "In addition to.my moro word"— red dening— ' 1 1 can show you tho receipted bill for forty guineas," returned Helen, re pressing hor indignatiou with a strong effort. "Ah, well, I should certainly like to seo tlint," said Blanoho, coolly. " It was absurdly dear— not worth more than thirty nt tho outsido, nnd you have worn it a groat deal. I'll— let mo see— I'll givo you fifteen pounds for it — when I get my next allowance." " Very well, I will take fifteen pounds, hut I shall wnnt tho monoy now," said Helen, with deoisinn. " What ! to-day— this vory day I " oriod Miss Dospard." " If you pleasn," roturnod Helen, making a struggle to appear composed — a vain ono. "Woll, you are a dun! I'll see if Dolly oan lond me the money— pounds, not guineas, yon know— and you may ns well bring down the jacket. 1 will wear it this aftornonn, as the day is chilly. Pray do not lot any one know that 1 bought it from you. I am not usually addicted to socond-hnnd articles, but as you appear to be in such absolute distress for tho money " " You don't mind doing me tho favour of taking my forty-guinoa soalskin coat for fifteen pounds," interrupted Helon, out of all pntioneo at last— and, indeod. oousiuenug OY'ervcmng, uer seii-comiuaiin had been astonishing. " Pluaso to send mo tho monoy in notes— before post hour," she added, with a haughty little bow, as sho turned away and walked out of the room. "Send you tho monoy boforo post liour ! " repeated Blancho to horsolf, when sho had recovered from hor amazomont nt the govorness's insolence. " Send you the monoy before post hour, my lady! Ayo, that I will— and, what is more, I'll find out to whom you sond it boforo I sloop this vory night 1 " Twenty minutes lator, garbnd in Helen's lato possession, sho wns gaily driving down tho nvcuuo en route to hor aftornuon tea- party. And Holon hnd rocoived two Bank of England nut03 in a nn onvolopo, which sho onclosod in a hastily-ponned note, dropped into tho lottor-box in tho hall with her own hands, and then breathed a long sigh of reliof. I wonder what sho would havo thought had sho beon in tho vastibulo two hours lator— an invisiblo spectator of a young lady, who stealthily unlocked the re ceptacle. and doftly sorting tho contents with swift and firm fingors camo to hor own contribution— " Mrs. Glass, Stubb's- court, Houndsditoh ! " " Ah ! " — feoling it botwoon a sonsitivo thumb and forefinger— "so tho monoy goes to a Mrs. Glass, in a low street, in the lowest part of London ! " Thon pencilling tho address hastily on a curd she said, half aloud, — "Wo must seo this Mrs. Glass, and learn what she has to say for liorsolf. I think 1 hnvo got tlio ond of tho clue iu my hand now ! " Cto SB CONTI'lUBO.l 