A BALAOLA VA GHOST. Considerable excitement - and some times consternation-is cause? in a tene ment near the Balaclava station, by a voice which is daily heard, and which canrot be accounted for. The occupant of the premires in question is Mrs. Bates, a mil liner, and the situation ie Carlisle-street. Mrs. Bates lives in the rear portion of the building, and carries on her business in the front. Adjoining her shop on one side is a right-of-way, while, on the other side are attached two other shops, occupied by a confoctioner and tailor respectively, and these three shops are covered in with one roof. It is possible for a person getting between the ceiling and the roof of the tailor's shop to walk over the ceiling of Mre. Bates' place, and vice versa. As there are man-holes to admit to the loft in order to attend to anything that may go wrong with the gas pipes, it is just possible that some one has found a secret means of ingrees and egress to and from the space between the ceiling and the roof, which is usually only occupied by bate. Be that as it may, a vcice resembliog that of a hoarse man, speaking from the inside of a large cask, is daily heard from the ceiling of Mrs. Bates' shop. The voice, though somewhat sepulchral in tone, is accustomed to use common- place words and phrases, and sometimes the language closely resembles that generally used by an impatient bullock teamster when his heavy load is stuck in a bog-hole. Usually however the language is merely a running comment on conversa tions that have taken place in the work room between the girls employed by Mrs. Bates, and a criticism on the p?enliarities of customers. As the voice volunteered the statement on one occasion that a lady who purchased a hat, had selected one that did not suit her, the idea has been eater tained that the owner of the voice is not only in a position to hear the conversation which takes place in the shop, but also to see the persons who speak. The ghrst would also appear to have some sense of humour, as shown by a remark it made when a lady purchaseda ten and sixpenny hbat on the time payment system, leaving.as a deposit half-a-crown. As soon as.the 'customer had gone away, the humourouls ghret called out from its perch; above the oeil isg. "She's a bad pay.'" There is a man.hole in the ceilaig of Mrs Bates' shop and it was supposed that by some means or the otlher the quasi-ghoat got into position through it. It was there fore de termined to fasten it up, and although that has been done on several occasions the work has always been found undone next morning. Mrs Bates has teen in the . premOre for about two montle, and every day during that time the voice hbas been distinctly heard but up to the present, only in the day time-the ghost appearing to prefer the day to the night. Several attemps have been made to get a glimpse of the intruder but so far without avail. Mr Bates who is employed in a large drapery establish ment in tandhurat, has explored the space above the ceiling but bas found no trace of anyone having been there. Mr Creed the agent for the premises has also ex plored the place but has never been able to find anyone, and the police also have made an unsuccessful search. The affair. is' therefore shrowded in the' greatesl mystery. At first Mrs Bates and her, em-. ployds were very much alarmed by' the unexpect d voice, but now:they are becom ing accutomed to it. But Mrse Bates confesses to 'a liut'e timiness at night for tear the mystical visitor should wish to enter into oenveriation. When the police wore recent'y searching the place a crowd of several' thiousand persons as sembled in Carlisle-street and for a time completely: blocked thetrafic:. The ma:ti has been kept quiet fir some time up to the present for fear of thereputation of the premises being damaged by being design sted as " haunted," but no' that is is being more generally' known, a' strict' investi gation is about to take place. If the voice is n t that of a clerer ventri oquist, it must certainly be that of a practisaa joker, who has found a ready and secret means of getting above the ceiling, and an effective method of concealing himself. In any case the mystery requires to be cleared up at once, not only on account of the un .pleasantness to Mrs Bates and her staffbut also on account of the injury likely'to be done to the reputation of the premises. It must be hoped that whenever the sense less joker is dlecJvered the fact that a horse trough is near the locality will not be forgotten. A good immersion in cold water is an excellent cure for the extra exuber ance and epirits manifested by this so called ghost. 