'MY UNCLE'S GHOST.' i BY FRANCIS FOOTE. One rainy evering laht week I lounged into my unele's bachelor apartments at the. hotel for a talk and smoke. One' of my uncle's hobbies was to be surrounded at all I times by young men ; and, indeed, he semed I little more than a boy himoself in feelings, although he had passed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to " the major," as we called him-I believe that was-his title during the war. There was no one so willing to ofrer a; helping baud when we were in a college scrape : no one who would loan moneyso readily when an allowance fell short; there was no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amiusing or thrilling ta'es; and then his wines and cigars were unimpeachable. On this p.irticular evening I found him I stretched out before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge ring of smoke from his pipe. " How are you, Tom 1" he said, lazily ; "you've saved me from myself by coming in, IIt his been such-a nasty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost." " Your ghost ?" I echoed. "Why, yes; you know I have the pleasure of owning one. DIJ you mean that I have never told you the story ?"' I say "No," emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self; and they were always godd. "Order whatever you wish, Tom," lie said. "I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and you will find the best cigars on the top shelf." At lst we were comfortably settled. and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. ' It' was about fifteen years ago, and I was I on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go i right through as they do now, andl stopped Ioftener. It might have been five o'clock in I the evening, and we had one more night to ride, When the train beoan to slow up, finally Istopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. "The seals were pretty well occupied, and Swhen site reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said 'Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of a bag with her. " You know I never was much on women, butt I can' tell a pretty one When I see her, aiid' a lady. She was both, although her dress was plain and black; and hergloves ha-l I been neatly mended in sveral places. I had i a number of books antl papers, the most en tertainin. of s?hicel I. offered tier, 'nd when' she thinlked me her voice was the sweetest lI have heard-loiv soft and musical. "BrJove l" said 'the inajor, excitedly, as Ihe reached. for the brandy, "I know .thats I woiman?would sing with her whole soul; she cobuldn't hiave helped it With that voice. . ",ell, he contiiuied, "she took up a book:, but she didn't read iuclic; just tiirned the pages at random, and sighed sdftly':to' I herself cvery little'while, as if.she were u,. Ihhip'y or ill trouble;" :'Whn tlih~ cndlictor canme through. she called him? and asked aboiit a berlh;. , '" I am sorry,' he said; .yoe shoild have tclegraphed. - We are very full andi there is nothing butan upper one left..: You would lilet whole section 2?:; ': ,'-I would' she replied ;'¶althoegh l lowert berth would do: You are sure yon canniot'icr commodate me?' . t m'l'i sdrry; >mis;s 1but r I: don't see how,. anid that burly conductordi id seemn sor yi ont i'sisn in'thtsgirl's face.-----------^' ==` " '.^ .-" Then slpoke,-:;', e" `:"? ,,' "v,?: ? 'I .liavera whole .section to myself,! I said, '? nd I always prefer the upptr berth ; so if you wil 'takO the low I; shall be most happy to resign it to yet.! , -, SThiswas a lie, for 1 had never slept in one I before;,hut b whe s i?pretty ,oenoil and unhaippy :enosgh', to .warrant? a lie of that I kind. . ,, i.i .isll never forget the glince she gave Ie .' I haIl'nt noticed her eyes bufore, but no?e they lit up lier'whole face .l Thiey were a deep' violet, almost ' pirplie,' with; ldarl depths; nnd thicki black lashes' hich east shadows oni her pale beheks.ý Yes,i she.was very pale, youi vonld have called herill until you saw her;lips, ,which were like amstrip of scarlet on the snow. Another thingl noticed was a tiny sear, which looked asif ithiid bleen made by ?some:ishirp instra$ment, just bielow hler left temiple. . "' "I tried to talk with her, forsheiitercsted me deeply, but althonbh she ansividrgd nid pleasantly she said'notitng by?whichlI could discover who she was, where she o as going, or whv she was travellin alone:.. . "-.Just before it was time.to, mke up the berth she grew very nereonus twisting and :untwisting her hands, and tapping lier foot. i She glsnced at me once or twice;,but:to all I appearances I was deep in my book. -' i've got to do it, I heard her say in the Sfaintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't- believe -he knew that she spoke aloud, so occupied; was she with her own I :iot lhts. ~s i. Its a few moments she spokelagain, still I talking toherself- ,,: . . i ".They must never find him a'oot me i I would spoil all, anudI'vooll] niever-' ".I lost- the next :two-words, but the?i!l soinded like 'disgrace him.'.,She seemed i aware then that she had spoken aloud, land i looked. oickly at me. 1 turned a page of I I my bookh and settled back farther into my icorner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a picture. As near as I could make I out:it; nas the likeness of an aristocrati it coung man with blue eyes and smiling iilps. . * She looked at it for about fifteen minutes i longingly,, passionately, then she. kissed ii fervently under cover of her handker chief... . . .... "t After that,: she covered it with both hands, gave one little sob, and then began to I I tear that picture into inch bits. i "'Ahh, ah, a lover's qtarrell' I thought; ; and yet it didn't seen likethat. It:was too I I serious; like a parting forever. . " In a little while she turned to me. , She i.was paler than ever, and the old scar was < I brighter. . " Will you please open the window ' she asked. I have something to throw away.' . . . . I' "I did as she wished, and she scattered I' the fragments of that photograph to the four I winds. Shedrew a breath of relief. I . "'TNow that is over the rest will be comparatively easy,' she said this time to me. "' What will be easy,' I.ventured. "' Plardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,' she replied. ' I suppose I mean I life will be easier while we live, and death iwhen we die.' "'-Life should always be easy for one as I young as yourself,' I said, gallantly. "She turned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slowly,,-. ':"Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the 'has been' ' too sweet to last; but now well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.' :And she turned away. " After that I could only make her speak in monosyllables. "At lastC that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the little I rest which might be found. Everything I -was tolerally quiet, and I shut my eyes and tried not to notice'the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. " There was a little, scraggly, pale Novem ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked at it, and made me imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from the berth below. I even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. All my senses were abnormally active, and as I was an old traveller I was very nmuch ashamed of myself. SWhen finally Idid sleep a little it was to dream of a-frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand filght to see which of us should eave tho pretty girl,"and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. " I had important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with the young lady before I left the car.. In the I morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it hadbeenuall night, the girlhad not yet appeared ; could she be ill1 I was very near my stopping-place-I'could not go without saying good-by. The porter passed I through. I called to him and told him that I there was a la ly in that berth who had not vet been heard from. She might be sick. " "ie went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation.:. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips i still that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart-ah I there was no action there. She was dead ! " By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. " I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she was, and why sie did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty 1 brown hair; then I went out to the platform I again, and remained there until I reached my i station." The major smoked violently for a few moments. ' But where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. "The ghost l" he said, with.a suggestion of passion in his voice, which I had never heard there before; "she is the ghost. IHer pale face,: black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. . I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly ;ti- i day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, antd it was lifteen yearsago. There is a place i in my heart now for those poor little mended I gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic story. \- "I am neverondnty at night that site does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I kno.v itw?as-you willsay.an illusion, asfancy-I call it her ghost. ".How many times haver' wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man's picture. I would have pasted 'them together if.it 'had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have I revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had I done.: Yes, wrong, for know thatin some I ayl.he had driven, her to her' death. Per haps that is. why :I have never married., I can',t tell. I only know that I have never S'et:met a.women who could be to me'what her 'memory.is ; and I saw her but once; she seas hot even a name to me; of herself, her character, I lknow nothing, and I am called a manof the world. :.. "And yet, hidy," he exclaimed, turning to mine, his face gray with passion," I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in'the prospect of coming home to be with her s-epirithneirmmory, if :on will, thanI should ho if I knew another, a:real -vwoman, was asting to fling soft arms ''odut my-neck, to kiss' me with tenderest lips. Forgie? meem Tom; I seldom Flienk bf my own'feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you can faintlty undeistand lhow much reality there. can be even inn ghost." The nijor had gained complete ontrol of himselfonce more, and was nodding good' humoredly: over his :piie ;ns if romancej .women and he. bhad always been, as -they a'eeayrswsac~ld be, utrancers: :~.1:I:'.;·: 