Days of Grime AND "Years of Suffering 1 . AIF AUTOBIOGRAPHY . O Reprinted from " The A ustralasian' of 1867 (by special permission). (CONHNTJED FROM OUR XART.) " Qnick to resolve and prompt to execute.' I don't remember whose line this is, if it be anybody's, but this I do remember, it was She line of conduct I adopted. The Bignali's "breakfasted at eight o'clock ; the Ramsgate steamboat left the pier for London at balfpast eight. If, then, I could manage toobtain the key of the cabinet and make my way to the bedroom while they were at breakfast, I should have time to possess myself of the money and to reach the steamboat before the Bignalls' could be possibly aware of the robbery. The first difficulty to be overcome was to get possession of the key. 1 knew nothing about 'twisting,' or 'turning,' or ' fitting' in those days, so I was compelled somehow or other to get hold of the ' screw' itself. Papa, mamma, and miss were always there when I visited it. I conld manage the girl if I could only get the other two away, but to affect this was a puzzle. The very next morning after my evening visit to the cabinet I went down into the bar- parlor to invite myself to breakfast with the Bignalls'. Only Mr. Bignali was there. While I was telling him that I should like for the future to take breakfast with the family, one of the waiters came to the bar, and said that there was a gentleman in the coffee-room who wanted to see Mr. Bignali directly. Mr. Bignali asked me to remain for a moment, saying that Mis. Bignali and Isabella would be •down directly. The breakfast things were on the table, thecaddy was on the sideboard, the room coutained but myself. How chance favored me. In a second the key was in my pocket, and in the course of a few minutes the family were at breakfast. " In future," eaid I, "you must give me a place : but as I see you didn't expect me this morning, I'll take breakfast at nine in my own room." Having so said,'I hastened to the chandler of mamma and papa, and without any difficulty made myself master of the contents of the two secret drawers. In another ten minutes I was on board the steamboat, and when she steamed away from the pier I felt I was all right. The boat called at the Margate jetty, and as I had no inclination to proceed to London, End was very anxious to count my newly acquired cash, 1- disembarked there. I walked out upon the Margate cliffs, and on reaching a convenient spot I emptied my pockets to take account of my wealth. Seventy-three sovereigns and one hvndrid and ten pounds in bniik notes were the result of this operation. CHAPTER X. THE BITER IS BIT A3TD HE BITES AGAIN. Oa arriving at Maidstone I went to the Railway I tin, and remained there till the next morning. Not liking- tlie house much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give the world a full account of my proceedings when I am doing others, it is only fair that I should be equally communicative when I get done myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play welL There was a billiard-room in the hotel, and to it I went on the evening after my Errival there. There was present a rather stylish-looking person, who introduced himself to me in the course of the night. He told rue he was an officer in the Royal Artillcy, and had recently invented some wonderful rocket, which he gave a -very hard name to which I forget. He invited me to play with him. I did so, and won £5 from him that night, promising to meet him there the next evening. But I was not to be done in that manner. I knew it was a common practice among sharpers to allow the victim to win something at first, and as I had some slight idea that the artillery gentleman's munitions of war were furnished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night, "but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffering from a nervous attack all day. The officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversatien in the most dtgaffe manner, and finally proposed to introduce me to a young lady to -whom he was paying his addresses. I accompanied him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and we alighted at a little cottsge, into the parlor of which we were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a j'oung lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her appearance. I was introduced in the approved fashion— " Miss If el son, Mr. Hamilton,—Mr. Hamilton, Miss Kelson." I have never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recollection of her. She was good- looking, could sing charmingly, and had the most fascinating rnauuer imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although I drank only a couple of glasses, it had such an effect upon me that I found it imjiossible to keep my eyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoke with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal HuteL I jumped out of my bed and dressed myself, and on examining my pt»cfcets I found that I had beenrobbedof all my money except a solitaiy £10 note, which, being in a separate pocket, liad either escaped notice or been charitably left me by the thief. All thieves are dreadful bad lpsers. ' £^was mo exception to the rule, aad l could have criedfor very vexa- tion. I rang the "bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. He told me that I was brought to the hotel about one o'clock thatmoroing ; that the gentleman who came with me in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated; that he and the gentleman hsd carried me Upstairs, and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling Mm to undress me and get me into bed. Of course X saw in a moment, that it was a regular " diaindndcut-diatnond " affair, aud as talking would not bring my money back, 1 said nothing 1 of my loss. I have seen the " military officer " since then. We worked together la chains in the same cart some few yeara ago, and I only recognized him by his telling the story of the "youngswell at Maidstone" for the especial edification of myself and the other cart parties. Having been so completely cleaned out, it b-jh.jved me to buckle to at once to replenish my empty pockets, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy finessing schemes, I was compelled to commence immediate operations. That very day, with the zeal of ancient St-rabo, I made myself completely master of the geography of the place, and before night L not only knewhow all the rooms were situated, buthadmademyself pretty well acquainted with the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it is quite common for a well-dressed thief to take apartments in an hotel and " barber" all the inmates ; in other words, to get up in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal as much as possible. This, in technical language, is called "Dancing a lushingdrum." Philosophers define instinct as " knowledge prior to experience," and as I certainly at that time was wholly without experience in such matters, I must have been under the guidance of the instinctive faculty. I didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The book was of a moral and religious character, but it failed to influence me with its arguments. By one o'clock the house was silent, and oat I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little uervous on entering the first room: bat, despite the model system , I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and on this first essay in the " dancing" line I was soon as cool as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to the dressingtable, pocketed purses, watches, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produce " money, and money in anyway." I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The next bedroom to that in which I slept was unoccupied, and with the pocket- handkerchief of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all the watches, purses, etc., together, entered the empty bedroom, and placed them safely out of sight on a ledge up the chimney, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this in a neat and workmanlike manner, I retired to bed. At eight o'clock I- jumped out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang the bell violently. A waiter very soon appeared. " Tell the landlord I want him ; fetch the police, I have been robbed in the night. Twenty-three pounds and a promissory note for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-book, all gone. Who could have done it ?" The waiter didn't let me go to the end of my sentence, for he ran to the landing and called out, " Here's No 7 lias been served the same." Up came the laudlord. He said he was sorry in the extreme; he couldn't conceive how the thing could have been done. No loss had ever been experienced in his house before. He was sorry, very sorry. The police had been sent to investigate the matter, and he hoped they would succeed in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had been robbed also. The inspector of police came shortly afterwards, and looked into the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to have a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost,and then went away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for as 110 funds had arrived for me I told the landlord I should be forced to leave my bill unsettled. Under the circumstances the landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at the week's end I left Maidstone, and proceeded by the coach to Chatham. I need scarcely observe that I had during the week removed the " goods and chattels" from the chimney ledge, and conveyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the " military gentleman," for although not in the house on the night in question, he was well acquainted with the premises, and his sudden disappearance was unaccountable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my own safety secured, and I at the same time " gratified a double grudge "—against the world and against my particular antagonist. The money result of my night's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just sufficient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimising the world. CHAPTER XL A GLIMPSE OF BETTER THINGS. The second night I was at Chatham I visited the theatre. A Miss Lee was to make her appearance in the character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of tue house of Capulet she was. I remember well with what energy she vindicated Romeo in the lines— " He was not born to shame: Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit; For 'tis & throne where honor may be crowned Bole monarch of the universal earth J" I confess that I felt a boyish passion spring up in my bosom for this young girl, and I sat up a great portion of the night composing some complimentary verses to her. I called the next day on the manager of the theatre, and obtained the address of the actress. I forwarded the verses by post, intimating that I was but a mere youth, and should be glad personally to say to Miss Lee how greatly I had been charmed by her acting. I received a reply the next morning, thanking me for the verses, and Containing an invitation to tea for the ensuing evening, which was a non-performing night. I purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespeare I could find in the town, and the next evening duly presented myself at Miss Lee's residence. I was received very kindly by the young lady's mother, who informed me that her daughter Ellen would not be able to join us until seven o'clock, having been summoned unexpectedly by the manager of the theatre with the view of permanently engaging her. The mother was a perfect gentlewoman; she told me that Miss I>.e had from childhood evinced a remarkable enthusiasm for the stage, but that it was with much reluctance she herself had consented- to her daughter's embracing the theatrical profession as a means of; livelihood. A little after seven Ellen jLee came home, and she cordially thanked me for the verses, declaring, however, that they were by far too complimentary. I presented her with the Shakespeare, and uttered some nonsense about recognizing in her a genius 'at to breathe life into the beautiful creations of the poet's mastermind. An intimacy sprang up between us—a true and innocent friendship, which I look back to at this moment with melancholy pleasure. Ellen "Lne was only an actress at a small provincial theatre, bat she was beautiful, talented, and good. She gained upon my heart every day, and I soon had no secrets that were mine alone. She was my confessor, she was my adviser; and she strove earnestly enough to be the good angel of my life, to save me from my own wayward erring self. I used very often to speak to her about the dangers attending her own profession, and 1 remember on one of these occasions, she repliedin Ophelia's words— " I shall the effect of this good lesson keep. As watchman to my heart; but, good to my brother, Do not, as some nngracions pastors do, Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven, v - And miss the path thyselL" The life of guilt is, 1 indeed, a dark, sad life on which the sunshine ^of happiness can scarcely for a moment'gleam in Its unclouded brightness. "^SChe haunting memory of crime flings rf^deep shadow on our path when joy would fain surround us with its light; and as flowers of gladness spring up on our way they are at once blighted by the corse of guilt, which is ever present to the wicked as an interdict to happiness. {TO BE CONTINUED.) 