TALES AND SKETCHES Ilia Gliost of Kujrnl Dene. Royal Dene is a vory porrect specimen of an Elizabethan mansion. It is sit uated in a lino park of over two hundred acres, in ouo of llio midlands count'os, nnd lias somewhere in tho grounds a dilapidated ivy-mantlcu wall, wlucu was —or, at least, pcoplo said so — tho ruin of n Norman koop. Royal Dono had boon for somo timo in tbo market wbou it was bought as it stood, with tho sur rounding estate, by Mr. Timothy Rig- gins, exceedingly wealthy, rcspcelablo, and not particularly vulgar man, For tbo round sum of £70,000. Mr. Biggins bud mado bis furtuno in tlio bumble, if estimable, profession of soap-boiler ; after having passed bis youth and middlo ago in close attend ance to business, ho found himself at sixty n millionaire, and experienced tbo not unnatural deBiro to placo himself, his buxom wife, his two sons and three daughters, into that station of lifa to which they had not been born, nnd to which thoy unanimously aspired with tho eager longing ot tho Deri at tbo gates of Parndiso. The two sons wore in tlio army, both in India, whore tiny spont lavish al lowance with a lavish hand ; tlio eldest daughter had married too early to participate in the olovation of her family ; tho two others, Susan — now by common consont called " Susannah " — and El- fridn, tbo youngest, woro at homo ; and it was to seenro for them nn eligible — read titled — settlement iu life that Mr. Biggins strained every nerve, nnu uau sunk cnpilai in Roynl Dono. Tlio in vestment budo fair to bo a remnnorntivo one. Loudon society lias been indifferent to, if not contemptuous of, the sonp-boiler's wealth, nnd tlio aspirations consequent thereon. " His name," said a fnsbion- ubla leader of ton, who would gladly Imvo countenanced his magnificent balls nnd onton his luxurious dinnors — " his namo is so much against him J other wise ho might bo asked — ho is really quito prescntablo." Timothy Biggins, who was shrowd, did not wasto timo in breaking his head ogninst a stono wall, hut quietly, throngh tho agency of a gontiomnnly solicitor lie had tho wit to employ, tried tlio country, bought Royal Dono, a placo with a nnmo as good as his was had, and sot up as a country gentloman. Tho country had in former days been in tbo habit of ending oil Royal Deno during tho chequered destinies of this fino domain, and made 110 difficulty about calling on tlio now proprielora, it for taking granted that to possess such a placo at all was n passport of respect- aunty 5 uvuujjbcu AJigiuav. ......... lions, nnd, after a fashion, returned tliem. But Timothy Biggins, still advised by tho gontiomnnly solicitor, w®b especially great in having homo parties— collected from afar n littlo at random with small hopes of return, but with the security that thoso remote guests would accept Royal Bono on its own merits, and ask no questions nB to tho length of his ownership. TUero were bouse-wnrmingB at Christmas, n gay foitnight at Easter, and September brought a succession of guests ready to shoot tho coverts nnd thin tho preserves. Young mon of good nddrcss woro atton- to Susannah and flirted with Elfrida J nnd ns n sign of the social prosperity of the family, it may ho noted that tho Misses Rigging had already refused several odors which formerly would liavo satisfied their highest ambition. Yet tho Bigginscs were not liapyy 1 Roynl "Deno was, it is true, a princely habitation. It boasted of a sombro four- poster, ono of tho irtnumerablo beds in which that itinerant sleeper Queen Elizabeth had reposed ; it had worm- eaten tapestries, carved oak black with ago, monumental fireplaces, and obscure recesses— things abhorrent to Mrs. Biggins, who only retained them because told to do so, and bad fouud consola tion from tbo antiquo by fumistiing n suite of rooms 111 bright crimson nnd gold ou tbo authority of a Wost End upholsterer, who nssurod her it wab puro Loucy Kenzc, Royal Bono had parterres, plcnsnunces, the keep — every thing scigiiorinl ; butRoynl Deno lacked n rrlmflt 1 It so happened tliat at tbo beginning of llioir occupation Mrs. Biggins and bcr daughters woro voiy fond of showing off tbo house nnd eliciting oxclnmnlions of admiration nnd wonderment from their guests ; but tlioy found it difficult to nnsivcr a constantly recurring remark, " Now, do tell us about your ghost I " " Wo linvo not one," cheerfully nnd grntofully nnswerod Mrs. Biggins, who was superstitious, and to whom Royal Done, 11s it ivns, gavo " tlio creeps." " O, impossible I " criod Lady Adoln Featlici stone. " This too delightful old house must bo haunted ! All such plnces nre — nil tho old families linvo their mysterious legends. Why, this houBo would bo no houso at nil without its ghost ! " " My dear child," somewhnt super ciliously interrupted tho Countess of Landerinarks, Lady Adoln's mothor, " our hostess — not holon"imr to tlio original old family of Roynl Done — is nob perhaps conversant with tho here ditary traditions." " 0, indeed I " promptly interrupted Elfrida. " Wo have boon hero quilo long enough to know all about our place," "Possibly, my dear," snid tlio Coun- toss, who rented a furnished bouse in London — "possibly;" nnd tbo muttor dropped. But tho necessity of owning a family ghost was hcncoforth so impressed on all tho Bigginses that tlioy began to look upon tho £70,000 spent on Iloyal Dono as a dead loss if thoy could not produce tho spectral visitant whoso absence stamped thom as unmistakably now pcoplo. Susannah and Elfrida read up booicB of folkloro, thoy mndo tho old village cronos gossip, and at tho end of a fow months, with tho connivnnco of tlioir pnrontB, thoy bognn casually to mention woird and .uncanny noises heard in tho wost wing, to speak with bated breath of stealthy midnight steps in the west corridor, of flickering lights in a couple of uninhabited rooniB (sot npart for tlint purpose), nnd ot a fnint transparent figurosoonissiiingtlicrofrom. Very soon tbo servants sworo thoy bad seen and beard tbeso manifestations, and tlioir terror corroborated tlio talo with such effect tlint a real Roynl Dene ghost was introduced to tlio world under tbo laboriously concocted namo of the " Gray Visitntion " ns haunting tbo wostorn corridor. It may bo that ovcntunlly tho ownors ui luu umuaiuu uciiutuu 111 iuu uijrm, at nny rate, llicy mot all sceptical or cynical incredulity ns to its oxistcnco with oxtrcma indignation, and averred that no one in tbo placo would go near " thoso rooms " aflor nightfnll at nny price. They discouraged foolhardy proposals uindo by bold strnngors to sit up nil night nnd rout tlio Gray Visitntion from its quarters, hinting nt some dnrk fate which might bofnll tho family if the ghost was roused to ira and mado to walk abroad. Ono month of November, Roynl Dono was full of guests.; among tho visitors was young Lord Denisdale, noble ns a crusador, penniless as a mendicant friar. IIo was honestly in lovo with Elfridn, who roturnod his nffoction, nnd would linvo married him off-hand had her father consented. But tlio old commercial instincts of Timothy Biggins did not consider tho solitary assets of rank sufficient in tho matrimonial contract, so lie hting hack, equally unwilling to finally dismiss a lord and to give bis daughter to a pauper. Tlio courso of tho lovo nfiair did not run quito smoothly, nnd thn love-making was enrried on by stealth nt odd inomoiits and 111 oud corners, when tlio watchful sonp-boilcr was off his guard. Tlio young couplo trusted to tlioir own porsavoranco and to tho prestige of tho titlo to finally win tlioir cause. Snsnnnah was in hor Bister's secret, and all th. -lioro indulgent ns she her self nourii':. d matrimonial plans of her own. SI;.- had a strong loaning towards tho Hon. Algernon Foreytho, another of her father's guests, n man of tho world, not absolutely in the heyday of reckless juvenility, but young-looking, handsome admirably groomed from tho lop of his shining black head to tlio tip of his varnished hoots ; his hands woro tho softest, his teeth tlio whitest, his moiis- tnclio tho curliest of any in tho homo parly. Somo envious "old friends," it is true, maliciously hinted that tho Hun. Algernon would not seo fifty again, but, 09 Susnnnili remarked to Elfridn, " Tlint is preposterous, nnd untrue on tlio fnco of it ; why, ho litis not a grey hnir in his bond, nnd bo carries himself far better than all tkoss slouching boys — bettor even tlinn your Denisdale." " No, not tlint," answered Elfridn ; " but ho it very nice and beautifully dressed. His valet told Milna in tlio housekeeper's room that bis chambers aro juBt wonderful to behold — his dross- ing-tnhlo is a marvel of daintiness : Milnor catalogued all tlio silver-mounted brushes nnd scent-bottles for my benefit while alio was dressing ma this morn- ing." " Did she tell yon nothing else, dear ? Well, much ns f liko Mr. Foray thu, I would not mnrry liiiu if ho was forty, much less fifty. Lidoed, ho knows what I think of disproportionate marriages, for lie asked me — after tennis — smiling nnd showing nil his beautiful teeth, whether eight years was too great a difforonco in tlio ngeB of a man anil Ills wifo." " And what did you sny ? " " Woll, that a man of thirty fivo was a most suitable parti for a girl ot twenty- four. " Your ago ; I hopo ho twigged. Papa is sure to consont, you lucky girl ! While I ? Fancy, I never could got n word willi door George silica breakfast 1 " " Aro you going to meet him him tins evening ? " " Yes, if I can ; ns soon ns you begin to play your sorcnado after dinner we'll slip off' to tho haunted rooms for half nn hour, ns usual. What should wo linvo dono but for that blessed ghost? No wondor fnmilios linvo thom : thoy arc useful." " Bo careful, Elfy. Mr. Forsytlie bus tho Inst visitor's suito in tho corridor close to tho haunted rooms, and his valet has tho small room opposite. Ho preferred thoso this timo — I forget for wlint reason ; somothing about smoking or having bin man close to liini ; anyhow, ho is tkoro." " 0, ho won'tintorforc. Ho would not disturb a ghost. I hoard him soy ho behoved in spiritnnl manifestations, nnd hold them too sacred for mortal inter ference ; besides, there is tho red bnizo door between tlio linbitablo portion of tlio gallery and tho ghostly one. Tlio haunt of tlio Gray Visitation was a largo apartment opening into a small closet without nny otlior issuo of its own, divided by a thick partition-wall from tlio hodioomof Mr. Forsytlie. Somo antiquo furniture remained uiulisturhcd therein ; heavy choirs, n cabinet, a lireplnco, and a brasB suspension lamp, covered with dust nnd inexpressibly gloomy, but affording the lovers a snfo trystiug-plnco ns they snt hand in hnnd, careless of tho sur roundings, whispered soft speeches nnd unchanging vows of fidelity. Last night Susannah played hor scrcnado in vain. Mr. Timothy Biggins buttonholed Lord Donisdnlc, and Elfrida saw tho hand ot tho clock moro round towards olovon without a ciinnco of escape. Tho signal for breaking up the party was given, but, reckless with hopo doferrcd, sho contrived to soy a fow words to Gcorgo ns ho bndo her good night. " When nil is quiot I shall go to tho wost wing ; moot mo on tho top of tho stairs." It had jnst struck twolvo' when Elfrida, in a soft unrustling gown and hoelless slippers, mot bcr lover at tho entranco of tho corridor, coming front tho opposite sido. Donisdalo was expecting hor, nnd thoy stolo on tiptoe to tlio haunted rooms. Tho young girl suddenly slopped, and, wildly clutching her lover's arm, whispered faintly, " Look — look 1 what is that ? " Under tho door of tho haunted room n gleam of nncarllily light shed a lurid rnv across tho dark oaken floor, and at tho same timo n strong smell liko sulphur floated on tho nir, which scorned laden with a niisty vapour. It was no de ception of Elfridn's sensos — thoy both saw, both smelt it. Involuntarily both full that somo dread presence wag there, claiming tlio torritory (iotitiously at tributed to it, nnd guarding its entranco. Denisdnle, however, rallied. " It is somo infomnl trick," ho whispered. " We nro sold. But I will find out ; stay here." Anil, regardless of Elfridn's detaining hnnd, iio walked to tho door of the haunted chamber, and attempted to onter. For tho first time sinco Roynl Deno had changed liandH it was locked — locked from tho inside. Ho paused irresolute. Elfridn joined him. They listoncd — n. faint rustling sound was heard, which soon subsided, and a deep-drawn Gigh floated on tho air. Gcorgo bent his oyo to tho koyliole, nnd with dilliciilly smothered an exclama tion ; ho ' had seen a white- shrouded figure iippnrcntly crouching before the hearth, on which a pnlo Homo burnt. Buforc ho could prevent her, Elfrida hail stopped also, and gazed on tho same vision ; only as alio looked, tho figure, without turning rmiua, linen a long wliito finger with a warning and threat ening gesture. What a hysterical cry sho dragged her lovor away, and, half- fainting with terror, sho rushed into bcr room nnd threw herself oil tho lied, burying her fnco in tho pillows. Milnor, who had been dozing in tbo dressing- room, came to licr, nnd exclaimed, " Wby, lor, Miss I what's tho matter ?" Elfridn turned to her. " Why, you're ns white as a corpse ! Ono would think you'd seen a ghost !" "I have — I liavo!" cried tho girl, losing all self- control and sobbing vio lently. " Not him ? Not tlio Grey Wisita- tion, miss f" " Yes, Milnor, yes." This imprudent admission, which Elfridn would fain liavo recalled tho noxt morning, when a few hours' slcop nnd tlio clieny sunlight somewhat restored ho couqiuHiiro, bad loon com mented upon in tho servants' hall, whore tlio story of the apparition loenmo nt onco highly coloured. Tlio Ilonour- nhlo Algernon's vnlct brought it to iiis master witli his shnving-wntor, and when Mr. Forsytlie came down to breakfast ho found it tho only topic of conversation. With his ac knowledged leaning towards the super natural, it was only natural to find Iiiin much interested. When ho lind ascer tained that Miss Elfrida alone — for Denisdale, for cogent reasons, kept his slinre in tlio night's proceedings dark — had seen the ghost, ho questioned her closely ; her emotion, her incoherent answers, testified to her real terror and bolicf in tho "ision. Tlio Honourablo Algernon sympathised with hor, nnd again strongly impressed on all presont tho imprudence, nny, wickedness, of at tempting to sift or explain what wns beyond the ken of mortal intelligence. - After tbis episode, tlio Royal Deno ghost, or, bettor still, tlio IJi jgins ghost, ceased to be apocryphal, and while thn family was mado exceedingly utiunm- fnrtnble by tho unexpected confirmation of their story, yet it wns felt to bo an open admission to tlio exalted sphere of a higher social position. By common consent,' and at tho oxprcss wish of Timothy Biggins, it wns agreed tliat no attempt should ever ho made disturlio tlio Gray ViHitnlion in its own precincts, lest, ns Mrs. Biggins tremulously obsarved, "it should tnko into its head to come out nnd trallt." The Honourable Algernon warmly upproved his host's decision, nnd having a lino reputation for personal courage, ho could well afford to stand by bis opinions, and repent thnt where the supernatural was concerned, discretion was die best part of valour. Gradually the excitement subsided, Elfrida ami Lord IJciiisih.li! seeking nnd finding a more conmoiipiacc spot lor their rendez vous. About Christmas, Cnplsin Biggins camo home from India on the months' leavo : he was duly introduced to tho glories of 1 loyal Ijcnc, which lie deigned to call " a jolly old place," and to which ho promptly brought three or four brother officers, nothing loth lit enjoy the hosbitality of that " rum old cove, Big- gins's governor. ; On Christmas Eve tho ufcttnl country fcslivitcs took placo, and ouch enter tainments ns charades, the yule-log, carols, snapdragon, and ghost-stories woro resorted to. For the first timo Captain Biggins heard of tho Grey Visi tation, and wns immensely delighted with it ; ho got himself well posted up in all the particulars, and wns primed with tho highly-seasoned details of the ghost's personal appearance, tho brimstone fumes it emitted, &c.; Having ascer tained through tho butler that tho manifestations still occurred, lie allowed tho majority of the guests to retire, nnd collected his particular chums in tiio smoking-room to unfold a little plan of his own. " The governor is being gammoned, to a dead certainty," lie said, "I can't make out if 1m is partial to his ghost or not ; hut I must see what it really means, and nbovo all shut up thnt barber's block of n Forsytlie, who is always prosing about spiritualism. Such a Ion vivant ns lie is, too !" So at the orthodox midnight hour tho four conspirntors, having removed their shocH. stole into the west corridor, nnnsed tho luiizo door, mid prepared to fnco tlio occupant of tbo haunted room, nrmcd with pokers nnd a couple of revolvers. Tho corridor was absolutely dark. Dio scntly thoy became aware of n croaking, grinding noise, opparcntly in lliownll on their right, and almost immediately a gleam of light struggled under the door nt tlioir feet. They listened : Thoy board a shuffling sound and the dragging of some iia.tvy body ncros. tlio floor, while the funics of brimstone or sulphur grew stronger every moment. With a whispered word they threw themselves against the door ; the fastenings were old nnd insecure ; it yielded almost im mediately, nnd thoy burst in, to see — a muffled figure before the hearth, on which a spirit lamp was burning, throw ing cadaverous vapours nlort ; behind tho white figure stood a spare black form, pouring a liquid from a iihiul on its head and dexterously rubbing it in. Tho two phantoms turned nt tlio crash of tho bursting door, nriil the: intruder recognised the Honourable Algernon Forsytlie boring his hair dyed by his volet. Without his mechanical and artificial adjuncts he looked what ho —nii., ....... ..r ,-:..i. . If a fop, he was not n fool ; lie sniv that Iiis only elintice wns to appeal as a gentleman to the four officers mill gentle men who stood before him convulsed with laughter. Ho told them with half-pathetic, half-grotesque frankness that ho had a horror of old ago, anil fought it with every weapon ill Iiis power ; that lie dreaded tile tittle-tattle of servants, and could only trust his own man. i 1" had acci dentally found n secret door of com munication between his bedroom mill tlio cloHot of tho haunted chamber ; it had at once struck him that, protected by the awe attached to that apartment, tliat npnrtuicnt, it was the safest plnco ho could find for the nightly elaboration of the little artifices by which he preserved his youth, the very nature of which, owing to tlio sulphuric smell of tho pre paration ha unci, would have betrayed him to prattling housemaids if carried on ill his dressing-room, and soon ho made known to the whole establishment. He trusted that ids midnight intruders would respect a secret thus obtained, nnd re main silent. Cnptnin Biggins and his enmrndes, who enjoyed the whole thing immensely, bnd tlio gcncroHily to give the required promiso and tho strength of mind to koop it. The following day a telegram sum- tiuncd Mr. Forsytlie to town on urgent business, and ho departed bright, frosli, young, nlort with his raven hnir, dazzling teeth, blooming complexion, and lissom figure, " not looking n day ovor thirty- five," as tho well-lipped butler re marked. Ho wont — without' proposing to Susannah — somewhat to the surprise of that young lady nnd tho disappointment of her father. Mr. Timothy Biggins wns caught at tho rebound, nnd nftor tho departure of a possiblo son- in-law gavo Ids consent to tho union of Elfrida with a certain ono, Bottling on her a dowry worthy of a soap-boiling million aire. There does not exist within tlirco counties to tbis day any being sceptical enough to throw a doubt on tho existence of tho Ghost of tho Roynl Dene. — World. 