FREE TRADE MEETING AT BALMAIN. ss-. SPEECHES BY THE PREMIER AND MINISTER FOR MINES. LIVELY PROCEEDINGS. Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Abigail addressed a large, and somewhat disorderly, meeting of the inhabitants of Balmain from West's balcony, Beattie-street, last evening. The assemblage, which numbered nearly 2000 was largely composed of working men. The Premier and Minister for Mines drove up in a cab, and were received with cheers and groans. mr. Frank J. Smith, one of the representatives of the Balmain electorate, occupied the chair, and explained that the meeting, which was held under the auspices of the Balmain Free Trade Association, took place in thoopenair, because there was no hall in Balmain capable of holding so many persons as would assemble to hear Sir Henry Parkes. It was evident from the commencement that a considerable number of persons were opposed to the objects promoted by the association and to those Mr. Smith appealed to give the Premier and his colleague a fair hearing. Mr. AtiiQAiL, who was received with applause and groans, was the first to address the meeting. He said, amidst considerable interruption, that he had come to speak in favour of free trade-(groans)-because free trade he 'longed to the people, and especially to the industrial classes of the colony. (Interruption.) Protection meant tyranny, 'lengthening" of hours of labour. (A Voice : " We have no 'labour at all now.") As an employer of labour for the last 22 years Voices: "Yes, Chinamen.") there was not one of his employees who would say that he (Mr. Abigail) had done him an injustice. He knew what it was to work for journeyman's wages, and he had too much sympathy with his men to do them an injustice The protectionist system would put hundreds of pounds in his pocket cm the stuff he had to import. (Interruption.) Protection meant the lengthening of the hours of labour (A Voice : "They are working 10 hours a day in Balmain now.") He challenged them to name any of the protectionists hero who had done anything to elevate the position of the industrial classes of this land. These men would to-morrow deprive them of the franchise in Balmain-("No.") because at the last general election they did not elect men who supported their principles. Protection was associated with tyranny and oppression. (Interruption.) They had to thank Sir Henry Parkes in a large measure for the freedom they possessed. Those men who were no winter rupting him were supporters of Chinaman Dibbs. (Applause and disorder.) If they had protection now. Chinamen would be imported to compete with the working classes in labour. Mr. Forsyth, a great pro ? tectionist, had gone to China now. They should examine the lives of such men as John Bright and Cobden (applause and disorderliness were the men who fought to lift the load from the shoulders of the working classes. These were the men who assisted in enlarging the franchise . of the people, in giving them liberty, in striking down the ? corn laws and the frame laws, and everything detrimental to the interests of the great mass of the people. (A Voice : 'Give us something about the locomotives.) Eighteen months ago, when they had a protectionist Government in power, they had 5000 unemployed in the city of Sydney (great interruption and groans) but they had not 1000 cow. (Great disorder, and cries of " We have 2000 in Bal- main alone") If they offered work to some of those who were interrupting him they would be down beside it. (Applause and laughter.) He happened to know some of the men in front of him, and he was pleased to see that the greater number of the audience was listening quietly to what he said. The interruptions come from Sydney. (Interruption and laughter.) He would not disgrace Jklmain by saying that these men. belonged to it. (Applause and laughter.) A great many who were advocating protection had come over the border from Victoria, ? like the rabbits-(disorder),-and they were doing so well here that nothing would induce them to leave. (Laughter.) "The condition of New South Wales at present stood foremost for the working men of any part of the world. (A Voice : Nonsense.) In Victoria they had got thousands of men working for less than the men of New South Wales received, and they had 4000 more women in the factories than there were here, The working men here did not want to send their wives and children into the factories; these men were prepared to work themselves. (A Voice: "Why don't you give the men work to do ? ") They were endeavouring to do so, and they were stopped in the course of legislation that would create more work. (Great interruption and applause.) Their desire was to equalise the burden of taxation, but the passage of the land tax was stopped in Parliament by the protectionists, who did not want this burden placed on their own shoulders. These protectionists were satisfied to place if on the shoulders of the working-men, whom they wanted to say all that was necessary for the government of this Bran try. A system of that kind was a scandal to this great event ry. The present Government wanted to tax the other class, of the community, but the protectionists would not allow them. He hoped" the working-classes of Balmain would be true to the party of freedom, and oppose the party of tyranny and oppression. (Cheers and groans.) Sir HrVny Pauxbs, who was received with cheers and groans, said there was no occasion for men to make any noise, because he came here with no object to serve, with no purpose to carry out, except to discuss with them a question which challenged the attention of Englishmen. (A voice: "What about Australians? What about the Kiama ghost'.?") (Laughter.) An Australian was as much a Briton as a Briton was an Australian, and they were all as one in a meeting of this kind. (Hear, hear.) He would introduce no subject of abuse, but would simply appeal to their reason. ("Oh, oh," and a voice, "Does your mother know you're out?") He came here at the instance of the Free Trade Association of Balmain; and he came here a thorough believer in the principles of free trade. (A Voice: "Weren't believe in them disorder and inter- ruption.) They were true, however. He did not object to them taking another view. He simply wanted to discuss the subject quietly and truthfully without passion or prejudice A Voice: "You don't go to Liverpool this time. How is that?") He was not fond of coming to a place of thinking, and he simply came to discharge what he believed to be a duty. (Laughter.) He would now come to the. question of protection, and would speak of it just as he would speak of any abstract question. Don't let them suppose that this was a new doctrine. (Cheers, laughter, and a voice : " No, it was yours at one time at the time you used to make toys.") Surely it was no disgrace to him first he made a toy. The man seemed to think that it was a disgrace to rise from a lowly calling. (Ch6er8,.and a Voice : " You didn't rise, you got shoved up by the merchants") He wanted to tell them-- (A voice: "you don't know anything.") (Laughter.) He wanted to show them. what had been the history of this doctrine in the mother country and what he would tell them would be based on historical fact. (A Voice : " We know all these facts," and laughter.) Protection was tried in England for more than 500 years, (A Voice: "What do we care for England") They could only find their own way in life by seeing what others had done, and the man who did not see that was simply as blind as a mole. (" Hear, hear," and interruption.) In the mother country protection was tried for more than 500 years, beginning somewhere in the 14th century, and continuing until about 40 years ago. The effect of protection was to grind down the price of labour, to keep men in a ignorance, to arrest the progress of the nation, so that the population, at the beginning of the present century, was only eight and a half mil- lions-after nearly six centuries of this kind of doctrine (A. voice : " What has that to do with New South Wales So would show them what it had to do with this country if they would follow him. Freetrade commenced in England no longer back than 46 years ago-in 1842. During those 46 years the progress of the country had been so great that the population, which was only eight and a-half millions at the beginning of the century after 500 years of protection, was now 36,000,000. (Cheers.) TA voice: Hurry up; here is David Buchanan coming." (Laughter.) While the price of labour was low the necessaries of life were far higher than now. (Hear, hear.) Every single man in England, from Mr. Gladstone downwards, who had advocated the rights of the people and the progress of the nation had been an advocate of free trade. On the other hand, every Tory-every man who denied to his fellow men his equal rights who had tried to crush the people down, was a protectionist. (Cheers, and a voice: " Let's have something about New South Wales.") these were historical facts. If they suffered themselves to be deluded in this fair land of ours, and abridged more freedom by consenting to put their necks into letters, they would find that it would lead to the creation ? o, monopolies and the oppression of the poor. He would go to America for an example. In America protection had ten tried (A Voice: "And has succeeded.) with a higher hand than in any other English-speaking country. (A. voice "And they have £18,000,000 to their credit.") Here was a gentleman saying they had £18,000,000 to their credit. Did he understand that this was an evidence of oppression ? £18,00i>,000 wrung from the people unnecessarily ! That was the strongest possible evidence of how rotten the protection system was, because it was unjust to take a single shilling move from the pockets of the people than was required. Coming back to" his large rtiS protection had been tried in America with a high hand and there was greater distress amongst the of SS? peopI°thero town in England. (Groans and cries ' !L,j floating'") That was so, as the New York papers would tell them. Let them go to France. One of the greatest-one of the most accomplished leaders of public opinion in France was Gambetta. Everybody know with What courage, what splendour of intellect, with what com managing power. Gambetta fought the cause of the people a France, and Gambetta was a freetrader. In America, "a ung moment, there were two forms of social growth wages' enough to appal anybody taken with the protectionist doctrines. One was the growth of mammoth .»«uncs-such fortunes as were never known to have been created before- and side by side with this -side creation of gigantic monopolies. For Toso monopolies workingmen laboured 10 and 12 hours They" Now he would come to our own £2' (A Voice: "What about M'Namara ?") s"U.I ra wins a man very much like themselves-good for A?^(-Ll"ÍFhter' '""I "Oh, oh) This country had of regression in all the elements of greatness more rapidly and /coûl"Tr0'rmarkod degree than any other of an Australian a half on years ago was behind Victoria by nearly Year o£,»mi'houxin population; now it was ahead of '«hnunii,v.(C.hoors' add a, Voice: "No, no) The man >«.inTwÄT^thout,b.ra^s.- Let them see what this von 9 and 12 for" them- A Voice : " 14 will do more than work if wise" he thought would give them more i oZ in k Rhys world "also the people'slothappier, no one would be more forward to support it than he. ((Cheers.) Be wanted to show them how this policy of protection or re- striction would operate. The policy was to place a tax on commodities, not for the sake of revenue but for the sake of serving some persons or classes of persons. That was a true definition of it. Let them suppose such a tax to be placed on imported ploughs. Unless the tax was sufficiently high to exclude the imported plough it would not have the desired effect in regard to the plough made in the colony but suppose it did exclude the imported plough, how would it benefit the country of For the sake of enabling three or four factories to make ploughs everybody would be made to pay a higher price for it. The plough manufacturer here might have 60 men working for him, all of these men would have families, and for the sake of the additional price of the plough they would have to pay an additional price for everything their families were, everything that went into their houses, everything thing they ate and drank. How, then, could they be benefited by such an insane policy is that Of all classes that would suffer by restriction or protection, the working: classes would be the great sufferers. It meant to them higher rents, dearer bread and flour, dearer clothing, and everything dearer, and as well, to be at the mercy of a monopoly. (Disorder and dissent.) Now they would see who were the men in this country who had advocated free trade, that after all simply meant human liberty. The free- trader did not want to take anything away from anybody, nor to impose any disability, nor to narrow the field of employment. The freetrader maintained that men should be quite free to do the best they could : but the protectionist wanted to compel them to do something that they would not otherwise do, and to that extent his proposal was to take away from them their freedom. The logic of the question led directly to this conclusion, and they could not escape from it. Throughout the political history of the world protection stood as the doctrine of tyranny and oppression (cries of "No, no," and great interruption)- while, on the other hand, free trade stood as the watchword of the liberators of society-the men who had educated their children, who had gained for them the franchise, and who had made their homes better and improved society-all these men wore freetraders. Free trade was identified with progress, and protection with retrogression, starvation, and tyranny. It was as true as that the needle pointed to the pole that all the lofty intellect that had been employed to raise the character of the working classes had been on the side of free trade. He trusted that they would not surrender that liberty and the principles of truth and justice for a mere device that had been dug out of the mouldy graves of centuries past, that had been tried for countless ages, and had been found to fail at all times. He hoped they would not blindfold themselves and run their heads into a snare, when they had the light of day to guide them to the path of industry and success. (Disorder and cheers.) They should examine the question for themselves, and consult the true authorities those men who had exhausted their whole in- reflects in laying down their principles. They should not be led astray by men who assumed the garb of protection because they thought it would suit their purpose. He believed that whenever an appeal was made to the people of this colony they would be true to the standard of free trade and good government. (Cheers and groans.) Sir. Wilks (secretary of the association) proposed a vote of thanks to the speakers, in the midst of groans. Mr S. J. Law tone of the vice presidents of the associa- tion) seconded the motion admidst great uproar. The Chairman rose to put the resolution, but was interrupted so much that he was not heard for a considerable time. (Some of the crowd called out, " You are not game to put the resolution.") He said he knew a great many of those who were interrupting him. They had come from Queensland, and were loafing on the people here. The motion was eventually put, and declared carried, amidst cheers and groans. Three cheers, mingled with groans, were given for Sir Henry Parkes and three cheers with groans were also given for the chairman. The proceedings then terminated. 