... .' A TRUE NARRATIVE , : -OF VHH SUPBSntATIIBAI.. BY WAI.TEE HUBBELU SJTAT^ 'OF NEW YORK. 1 City and Countyof New York. J" WALTHE HI-BBELL, being duly iworn, depo* .es.nnd says: that he is the tale author of this boak "Trie Great Amherst Mystery, si Triie' Narrative of the Supernatural," and that his'-ix perience, as described, wns an actual experifepce, and that deponent actually saw and heard the phenomena as staled. WALTER HCIIBEIX. Sworn before me this 13th day of February, 1888. A, ACKKRMAN, .Notary Public No. J. New York County. PART III. I At; supper .that .evening the usual con versation .occurred: about the unearthly sounds, but as not one of them could offer an explanation, they concluded it, was too deep a matter for them to talk aitout; and all agreed to beep it secret, aqd.fflot inform any of then- friends or neighbours what h^d transpired. They b>ew that no one would believe ,that, «usb; strange, unknown sounds had been heard under thel>ed, or that Esther had been eo singularly affectedfrom unknown causes. About four nights after. the loy d reports had been heard, Esther had I a j'similar attack. . It came on .at ten 1 o'clock at night, jupt as she was about to get into bed. This time, howeyer, -she, managed to get into bed before the at tack had swelled her to any grea extent Jennie Cox, who had already retired, j advised her to remain perfectly quiet, consoling her with the hope that if she j did so the attack would be in all pro* bability pass away, and she would then be able to go to sleep without further in convenience. Esther remained perfectly motionless as advised, but had only been so for about five minutes when, to the consternation of both aii the bed-clothes, j except the bottoip sheet on which they lay, flew o£ and settled down in pi con futed heap in a fpr corner of the room. They could see them passing throiigh the airby the light of the kerosene :;lamp which was lighted and standing on the table, and both screamed as only thoroughly-scared girls can, and then Jennie (ainted. And was it not enough to have frightened any woman and made her faint? Oh hearing the screams the entire family rushed into the . room, after hurriedly putting on some garments. There lay all the bed-clothes jn the corner ; Esther fearfully swollen, but en-, tirely conscious, and -Jennie lying as if she was dead. Indeed she looked like a corpse as the light of the lamp, which Daniel heid in his hand, fell upon tier pale lips.. Mrs. Teed was the first to recover her senses, and, seeing that the forms of her two sisters were exposed, quickly took up the bed-clothes and placed them on the girls again. She had no sooner done so than they instanly flew off to the same corner of the room, and the pillow from Esther's head came flying through the air and struck John Teed in the lace. This was too much for John feed's nerves, and he immediately left the room, after remarking, "he had had enough of it," and could not be induced to return to sit on the edges of the bed with the others, who, in that way, managed to keep the bed-clothes in place over the girls. Jennie had by this time recovered. from her fainting spell, and William Cox went, down to the kitchen for a bucket of water to bathe Esther's head, which was aching, wjien, just as he had got to the dobr of the room again with the bucket of water, a succession of reports , were heard that seemed to come from die bed where the two girls lay. These report^ were so loud that the whole room trembled from their vibrations; .an<) Esther, who a moment before bad been swollen, assumed her natural appearance, and in a few minutes fell into an appar ently healthful sleep. As aill seemed right again the entire family retired, but could sleep no more that night. The next morning Jennie and Esther, were both very weak, particularly Esther,. Bhe arose, however, when her. sister did anji lay down on the sofa in the parlour, At .bieakfost the members of Ihq family all agreed that a' doctor had' tetter. be sent for; so in the afternoon Daniel, left the factory early and went to, see : fir., . Carriue, who' laughed heartily jwheir Daniel informed him what hadoccurred, and said he would call in the evening,' and remain until the'following morning, Sf necessary; but did hot hestttaie to "-say : that what Daniel tibld him :was #11 ntoK serise, remarkingthat he knew do subh tomfoolery would occur while he - was in the house. A6 the hands of the clock pointed to ten that evening, inwalked the doctor. Wishing everybody a hearty 'good evening, he took a seat-near Esther, who had been in bed Sinci nine o'clock, but as yet had not been affllcted with one of her strangd attacks of swell ing, nor had any of the strange- noises 'been heard. The doctor felt her pulse, looked at her tongue, and then: told the family that she seemed to be suffering from nervous excitement, and had evi dently received a tremenduous shock of some kind. Just after he had given this opinion, and while he was sitting by her side, the pillow came from under her head; with the exception of one corner, as if pulled bysomeinvisiblepower,andstraiglM tening itself out/ as if filled wich air, re mained so a moment, and then went back to its-place again under her .head. The doctor's large - blue eyes opened to their utmost capacity as he asked in a low tone,- . "Did you see that? It went back again." ? "So it did,'' remarked John Teed, ",but if it moves out again it will not go back, for I intend to hold on to it, even if it did bang me over the head last night." ' John had no sooner spoken these words than out came the pillow from under Esther's head as before. . He waited until it had just started back agiain, then he grasped it with both hands and held it with fell his strength, and he was, it must be remembered, a'Strong, healthy young famier. However, all his efforts to hold it were unavailing, -as it was pulled away from him by some in* visible power stronger than himself, and again assumed its position under the young girl's head. Just imagine his as tonishment. All the members of the family told me that they never saw any one so dumbfounded as John Teed' was at that moment. " How wonderful 1" exclaimed Dr. Carritte. The doctor arose from bis,chair-; and thelbud reports commenced -under the bed as on ' the previous nights. He looked beneath the bed but failed to as certain what had caused the sounds. He walked to the door and the sounds fol lowed him, being now produced on the -floor of the room. In about a minute after this the bedclothes flew off again; and before they had been put back on the bed to cover - Esther, the distinct sound as of someone writing on the wall with a metallic instrument -was heard All looked at the wall whence-the sound of- writing came, when; to their astonish ment, there could be plainly read these words," Esther Oox, you are mine to kill." Eveiy person in the room- could see the writing plainly, and yet a moment before nothing was to be iseen but the plain kalsdrained wall. I have seen this wri ting ; it was deeply indented in the wall, ;and looked to me as if it had been written -with a dull instrument, probably a large iron spike. I say a dull instru ment because the writing had a very un even appearance, and the invisible power that wrote it was certainly neither an ele gant nor an accomplished penman. It was similar in character to mysterious writing I saw during my residence in this .genuinely haunted house, that was written on papet and then either stuck on the wall with some sticky substance by the power or came out of the air and fell at our'feet. The reader can probably imagine their utter amazement at what had just taken place. There they stood around the bed | of this suffering girl, each watching the other, to see that there could 'be -no possible mistake about what they saw and heard: They all knew these-marvel lous things had taken p'.ace, for each had heard and seen them with his or her own eyes and ears. Still they dare not [trust their own senses; it was all so strange, so different from any previous experience they had ever had, or heard of others having had, that they were all, without a single exception, awed i into silence with fear. The terrible words written on 'the wall, " Esther Cox, you are mine to kill." What could their im port be ? Were they true ? What had written tbem ? All that was known was that they had heard the writing, had seen' the letters appear, one fry one, upon the wall, ..until the sentence was complete ; bpt then; .their knowledge stopped, and ere^thing to their understanding was as | blank as the wall had been before.the in ' visible power, that threatened to commit murder, had engraved upon that smooth, 'white surface the^tetrifyihg science in 'Characters nearly a foot-in height ' As Or. Oarritte stood in the.: door. 'Wondering what it >all meant, a large piece of plaster came flying from the wall of the room, turning a cOrner.in its flight, and fell at his feet The good do&br; picked it up, mechanically; ana placed'it ori a chair;he was too much' astonished'to speak. J.ust .after he had placed the piuce of plaster on the chair, the fearfully loud pounding sounds com menced . again with redoubled power, this time shaking the entire room, and all it cobtaincd, including the doctor and other persons. All this time, Esther lay upon the bed almost frightened to death. A'ter this state of things had continued For about two hours all became quiet, and Esther, poor girl, went to slbep. The doctor decided not to give her any medicine.until)- the next morning, when he said he wotld call, and give her some thing to quiet her nerves. As to the sounds, and movements of the bed-clothes and plaster and the mysterious writing, he could say nothing. He had heard and seen, and could not doubt his own senses; but had no theory 'to offer that would solve the unanswer able iacts all had witnessed in the mani festations.of some invisible power ; seem ing, to possess human intelligence of a very low and most demoniacal type. The next morning Dr. Carritte called, asjhe had promised, and was greatly surprised to see Esther up and dressed, helping Mrs. Teed to wash the (weak fast dishes, She told him she felt all right .again, except that she was so' nervous that any sudden sound startled her apd made her jump. Having oc casion to go down into the cellar with a pan of milk, she came running up, out of breath, and stated that there was some one in the cellar who had thrown a piece of plank at her. The doctor went down to see for himself, Esther remaining in the dining-room. The cellar stairs 'wing directly under the stairway in the !hall. the door to the cellar, of course, opened into the dining-room. In a moment he came up again, remarking that there as not any person down there to throw a : pifcee of plank or anything else. ' "Esther, come down with- me," said he. . " They both went down; when, to their greqt surprise, several potatoes came flying at tneir heads; and both ran up the cellar stairs. Thedoctor immediately left the house, and called again in the evening with scyeral powerful sedatives, morphia being one, which he adminis tered to Esther at about ten o'clock, as she lay in bed. She still complained of her nervousness, and she said she felt as though electricity was passing all through her body. He had given her 'the sedative medicine, and had just stated that she would have a good night's rest, when the sounds commenced, only they were much louder and in more rapid succession than on the previous nights.. Presently the sounds left the room and were heard distingly oh the roof of the house. The doctor instantly left the and went into the street, where he heard the sounds in the open air. On returning to the house he was more non-plussed than ever; and informed the family that when in the street it neetaed' as if some-person wason the roof with a heavy sledge-hammer, pounding away to try and break through the shingles. Being a roobnlight night he could see distinctly that there was not any person upon the toof. He remained - on this occasion imtil midnight, when all be came quiet, and he departed, promising to call the next day. When he had gotten as tar as the front gate, the heavy poundings commenced again on the roof with great violence, and continued until he had gotie about two hundred yards from the cottage, at which distance he could still hear them, distinctly. Dr. Carritte told me this himself. The next week it became known throughout Amherst that strange manifestations of an unknown power, that waB invisible, were going on at Daniel Teed'a cottage. The mysterious sounds had been heatd by people 'ih the street as they passed the housCj ;and several accounts had been printed in the Amherst - Gazette, and copied ih other papers. The pound ing-soundrflhow commenced inthe morn ing and'Were to be heard all day. Poor Esther, whtfm the power had 'chosen as its victim::to kill, always felt- relieved when {He^ttunds were produced. Ab&itAife; month after the commence ment b'f tllti; wonders, Rev. Dr. Edwin Clay, the'Well-known Baptist clergyman, called skt-tjfe house to see and hear the wondets of which he had read some ac-! [ counts Iri the nEWspapers, 1rat "was de=r sJrous of seeigg;j^d4tearingiorhimself; and he was fortunate enough lb "have his idesi<&L;: fully gotificd ..hjr hearing the..i loudest kind of sounds, and .seeing the ?* writing on the wail. . When ne left the house he was lblfjr'&titfie;& that -Esthct';'* did not in any way pitjilce the sounds p hcrself.and thefamily had 'nothing what- ° bver to do with them. He, however, '1 agreed with Dr. Carritte in his. theory,, that her nerves had received, a shock of'.j some kind, making her, in some mysteri-^ , ous manner* an electric battery. His ' idea being that invisible flashes of light ning left he: person,aijd.that thesounds, . which every person could hear so dis-t tinctly, were simply, minute peals pfy-" thundpr. So convinced was he that he r had ascertained the cause, and that there was no deception .in regard to the mani-;,r festations of the power, that he delivered..: lectures on the subject and drew large'//' audiences. ' He always, nobly defended v Esther Cox and the family, when charged by people with fraud,: and spoke of : the affair often from the pulpit. Rev. R. ?' A. Temple, the well-known Wesltyan >" minister, pastor of the WesleyanChurch in Amherst, which the Teed family at tended, also witnessed the manifestati6ns.: 1 He saw'among other strange things, a;'f bucket of cold fitter become agitated f" and, to all appearances.boH while stand- 1 ing on the kitchen table. When the " inhabitants, of Amherst heard that such {eminent-and worthy men as Rev. Dr. Edwin Clay, Rev. Dr. R. A. Temple, and the genial and ever popular Dr. Carritte, took an interest in the haunted house of Paniel .Teed, the shoemaker,: it became fashionable for . even the most excluuve class to;call at; the cottage to hear and see the wonders. They would come in parties, 'and many ; heard the power make the sounds who; " would not allow their names to be men-... tioned in connection with the affair. ? Often, while the house was filled with visitors, large crowds would stand out- : .side.unable-to gain admittance because , there was hot room -enough inside. ? On:,'j several of these occasions, the Amherst r, police torce had to be,called out to keep 'j order. Dr. Carritte, who. continued to be one of the daily ealier6 atthe cottage, . , would have a theory one day. that would,. ; seem to account for the unknown power he witnessed, and the next day some-;, thing would occur and upset his latest theory, so completely, that he finally gave up in despair and became simply a pas sive spectator. The power continued to manifest itself until December, when Esther, the victim of so much (ear arid torture, was taken ill with diphtheria and-' confined to her bed fot about two weeks, ': during which period; the power ceased tox torment her, and all the sounds ceased. - After she recovered from this illness, she -' went; to Sackville, New Brunswick, to : visit her married sister, Mrs. John Snow- ; den, remainining at her house for about h two weeks. The power did not follow '' her; and while there she was free from -' the torture it gave her, when moving ' about' in her abdomen, which caused her' > to swell so fearfully and feel like bursting. On returning to Daniel's cottage, the most1 startling and peculiar features of the power took place. One night while in bed with her sister Jennie, in another room, their room having been changed in hope the pbwer would not follow them, she told Jennie that she could hear a voice informing ber that the house : was to be set on lire that ni£ht by a ; ghost. ; The voice stsited it had once" lived on the eaith, but had been deadr for some years and was now onlj a ghost The members of the household were at once called in and told what Esther '1 had said. They ali laughed and informed ' ' the girls that no such thing ias that could:: possibly have been'said, because there'1 were no ghosts. Rev. Dr. Clay had stated that all the trouble had beenr caused by electricity.' " ''And,"said Daniel,' "electricity can- ' not set the house on fire, unless it comes 'r from a cloud in the form of lightning." ' To the amazement and consternation of all present, while they were talking and ' laughing about the ridiculous statement the girls had made, as having come from : the voice of a ghost to Esther, all saw ' lighted match fall from the ceiling to the'' bed, having^come out dr the air^ which '1 would certainly liave set the bed-clothirtg ' on fire, had not JetuiSe put it out in stantly. During the- next ten minutes,>?' eight or ten lighted matches fell on the bed andabout the room. out of the aity but were all eKtlngulsbeabfcforeanything could be set on fire 'toy them." In the coursp of the night the loud sounds com menced again. ' (To be wnttnued.) 