SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF e " ..NEWCASTLE. Tie third scesion of tho eighth Synod of the Diocese of Newcastlo commenced yesterday morning with Divino service at the pro Cathedral, and the colobration of the Holy Communion. At the assembling of the members of Synod, at 12 o'clock, at the Lyceum, Newcastle, the proceedings were opened with prayer by the President, Ray. Canon Selwyn, Vicar-General of the Diocese, and the following representatives then answered to their names :-CLERICATL: oev. F. D. Bode, W. K. Colyer, K. ]. G6ddaed, S. C. T. Grime, A. C. Hoggins, A. C. Hirst, A. J. Hitchcock, E. Husbandsmith, W. F. James, P. S. Lusecombe, W. Marshall, IH. S. Millard, C. A. S. Minton- Senhouse, J. ". eeash, J. P. lis, H. Porter, A. ,T. H. Priest, Canon Selwyn, A. Shaw, B. E. Shaw, J. Shaw, S. Simm, W. Swindlehurst, W. Tollie, Canon Tfyrrell, 3. W. Upjohn, T. D. Warner, R. M. Walker, and Canon White. LAY : Messrs. 3. W. Allworeth. Major Bolton, H. B. Cotton, J. Crawford, IH. Dennett, 1. R. P. Hickson, W. K. Logan, E. Parnell, C. Thomas, G. 8. Waller, S. Whitebread, E. White, F. R. White, J. Windeyer, and L. E. Wiseman. .The PRESIDENT, hbving declared the Synod duly constituted, then said that the first business would be to elect a clorical secretary for the Synod. Rev. S. Sxeam begged to nominate the Rcv. Ii. M. Walker. After paying a very high tribute to the previous secretary (Rov. John Dixon),-he said chat he believed the gentle man he had named to be in every way fit for the position. He (Mr. Simm) had had six years' experience of the duties of secretary, ahd could therefore speak confidently of what was required of one holding the oflice, and he felt certain that the Rev. Mr. Walker would ably justify his nomination. The Rev. F. D. Bone warasly seconded the nomination. The .PRiESIDene heving put the motion, "Thaf, Rev. Mr. Walker be elected clerical secretary," it was carried unanimously, and the Rev. 11. M. Walker, after acknowledging the honour done him, entered upon the duties ofhis office. Tise Pessonene, addressing the Synod, said: M-" y Brethren in the Lord Jesus Christ, Again for the second time I am by my duty called on to address you as President ofthis Synod, and to lay before you as full and clear a statement as I can concerning the, past, present, and future work of our Church. * The. first subject which presses urgently upon us all is of course, the illness and conse qcuent absence of our Bishop. He is, as doubt less you.will know, in England, and under the best medical care; but, although many fa vourable reports as to his progress have been from time to time forwarded to us, yet, I am sorry to have to inform you, he is not substan tially better as yet; and his friends have come to the conclusion that, under any circum stances, it would not be desirable that he should ever return to his work amongst us here. With this view arrangements are at present being made for the sale of those of his effects still unpacked at Morpeth. arod for the transmission to uEngland of all that had been packed previous to his departure last year. *" Of course this decision brings us face to face with the all-importantand difficult ques tion as to how and when a successor to the See is to be obtained ? In ordinary cases of a vacancy in any See, it is an anxious and difficult thing to take all such steps as are no \- cessary to secure the services of one who is to occupy so important a position; but in our case theose liftliculties are largely increased by the faeb that,-lfirst, the vacancy here is not an ordinary vacancy; and, second, that pro vision must be made by some means for him who is not now able to make it for himself. I feel assured that the kindest sympathy of churchmen will never be wanting onbehalf of one who, when amongst us, was a con spicuous example of this special Christian grace. And that, so far as lies in your power, you will be ready to do whatever may be possible to alleviate the great trouble that has, fallen so unexpectedly on our Bishop. I am expressly autlorised to pro. nise, on behalf of those nearest to him, that all steps tliut may be necessary will be taken to secure his resignation of Isis office; but, at the same time, I am asked to provide that an adequiate pension may be secured to him during his illness. How these two arrange ments may be carried into effect, I have taken some steps to ascertain; and you will have laid on the table during our session the opinion thereon which I have obtained from the best available legal authority. I do not think it desirable that I should at this stage of our proceedings enter into further details in relation to tlhis matter, except only to add that theposition we are now in has suggested to me the thought whether it might not be of.great advantage to the Church in the future if in all dioceses an assistant or coadjutor-Bishop were permanently ap . pointed from amongst the elder clergy to take up the Bishop's work when incapacitated through sickness or absent from his diocese. Such a Beehop would be to the Bishop of the Diocese as a curate is to his incumnbent, ready to take any work devolved upon him" by-his Bishop, and to carry on the ordinary work of the diocese on an occasion like the present, until the Synod could proceed to a fresh election to the See. Such an assistant Bishop would need no further provision than he was already si receipt of from his incum bency, and would have no claim whatever of succession to the Sea when vwcant. 11e would:just be as a Vicar- General, only with power to do the work of the Church hnore effecotually whenever the occasion arose. ,. "Our Synod roll does not show. many' changes:in it?.names or membera this' year-. Nevertheless, an unusually large number oft changes in their various spheres of work'has taken place amongst the clergr. The . ocea-' sion of-this has been the removal of the Rev. John Dixon from his parish of Wickhlam to? other .work in the diocese of Sydney. - have his authority for saying that this work came tohim quite unexpectedly, and quiti: unsought for on his part; but when His Lordship the Primate suade him tie offer of St. Thomas' parish, Balmain, he loaked upon it as a call which he ought to accept. Hie has already, I am told, shown in- a -marked degree the talenst for organization which for so nany years he exhibited for thee bnefit of this diocese; aind we shall find it, liim sure,' a very difficult matter to secure in his place one who will be able and willing to do the work as secretary of this Synod which for so many years he so -ably performed. ' His parish of Wickham has been filled on the nomination of the Presentation Board by the Rev. W. Swindlehurst, and I have used the opportunity, at the earnest- solicitation of theo parishioners, to make certain alterations as to tic boundaries of the parish of Wickham and of the parishes adjacent thereto. 'A portion of Wickham united with a portion of Lambton .and Hanbury has been placed under the charge of the Rev. Archibald Sihaw,-and Stroud, which Mr. Shaw vacates, has been put in charge of the Rev. G'. I. Rushfortlh, .who had charge of Lamb'on. Laambton itself, separated from I[anbury, les been placed temporarily under the charge of the Rev. J. P. Ollis, who had been assisting Me. Dixon at Wicekhams . .. .. "In- addition to --these changes, the Rev. John Shaw has accepted the charge of the Paterson parish; and to Merriwa, vacated by Mr. Shaw, l have sent as locum tenens for three months the Rev. E. C. Crotty, .who has been working under the Rev. Mr. Phillips in the Manning River district,. One-new-name. we have added, for a time at least, to our number the Rev. Arthur Allnutt who comes from the diocese of Brisbane, and who is at present assisting the Rev. Mr. Simm as his curate at Raymond Terrace. This last appointment has been rendered necessary in order that Mr. Simm may be enabled to carry out the yery important work which devolves. upon him as secretary of the Centennial Fund, about which I shall have to speak presently. "These changes will, I trust, work benefici- ally for the Church in the diocese. They have all been made, not only with the con currence of the clergy, but in all instances with the concurrence of the laity, even in those parishes which do not possess representatives having a voice in the appointment of their clergyman. My rcle of action has been us all cases to confer with parishioners who do not possess representatives on the same lines, so far as possible, as if they had thenm; and I have found it of much advantage in filling up the various cures. "I will add one word to the laity of these parishes, and, indeed, to all the laity, and that. is to beg them to second to the best of their ability the efforts that ha?ve been made to provide for them able and devoted ministers of the Lord, by providing on their part that these ministers of the Lord shall not want for anything in reason that it lies in their power to give them. Remove far from them all anxieties about worldly things, and set them free to do their proper work, which is to watch for your souls. (Applause.) "There is not much to note during the past 'year with regard to buildings, except that a very well- designed brick church has been completed and opened for Divine service at Vacy, in the Paterson parish, and a suitable building of wood has been erected as a par sonage at Mount Vincent on land kindly given by Mr. Armstrong. This was urgently needed, as there was literally no place where the clergyman could reside with any comfort at all. Another small brick church has just been completed at the Bulga on land given by Mr. M'Alpin, and another, which I have not yet had the pleasure of seeing, which has been given by the generosity of the Messrs. White, has been completed and opened for service at Belltrece. " In November last the Primate, though much pressed with his owe work, gave us a week in the diocese, and confirmed about 540 candidates in the parishes which' could be reached by the railway. He has also promised that he will endeavour to come to us again about November next, but the exact time can-' not well be given until his return from Eng land. I have had some applications from clergy who are desirous to have the oppor tunity of presenting candidates for confirma tion, and, if it is urgently required, I might be able to obtain the kind help of some one 'or other of our Bishops. vTaE cMecCELLOR. '"The Synod will have heard with sorrow of the somewhat sudden death of Mr. George Knox, who, although not able to be present with us year by year in person, yet, acting as our Bishop's chancellor, has been of much assistance to us. He had gone to Egypt in tlh hope of deriving some benefit from the climate ;' but, just when hiA many friends were expecting his return, the news came that he had died there. He has gone before many much older than himself, but perhaps none more fitted to go than he. Feeling, as I do continually, the need of having' someone qualilied and willing as he was to give advice on the nmany diflicult matters that continually arise, I have asked and obtained the consent of Mr. A. J. Gould, who is known to all of us, to fill the place thus rendered vacant. ' FINANCEdS. " "I proceed now to speak of our finances-a subject wlnch I would at all times gladly avoid, but which 'asserts itself on all occasions as an overwhelming necessity even of Church life and Church work. "'By your treasurer's accounts you will ba iable to see what our position is ; but Ithink it desirable to set before you very briefly the most important points: " We began the year. 1887 with a balhnco to our .credit of £1141 los 3d, as against £1544 5s 1d in 1886. We end it 'witht a balance to credit of osily £264 18s 10d. " We received from aU sources in 1887 £7454 7s 11d, 'as against £7525 9s 6d in 1886. \- We expended in 1887 £8331 8s 4d, as against £7927 15s 4d in 1886. The funds, therefore, at our disposal for 1887 were £8596 7s 2d, or £473 7s 5d less than in 1886, while our expenditure was £8331 8s 4d, or £403 13s more than in 1886. The difference, therefore, in the balance with which we began 1887 and this year 1888 is just £877 Os 5d,' or £1141 19s 3d in 1887, ahd only £264 18s 10d in 1888. i ."I quote these figure.s to show you how absolutely dependent we are upon the sup port which we trust will be liberally given this year through the Centennial' Fund. We look to you to do through it what hits been done for the last. year or two through the Extension Fund, and I again remind the clergy and the parishes that, unless tie Diocesan Council is supplied with sufficient funds, it will besimpossible to continue the payment of' the.£100 to every clergyman ins aid of the Parochial contributions. We have never yet failed to supply this amount, but it, even now, takes all but a very small portion of the 15 per cent. contributed to tlee General Fund to enable us to do so. "i THE OBNTENNIAL FUND. " I come now to a subject of great interest and- importance- not to us only, but to the whole Church throughoet the province: the Centerijiial Fund, its position and prospects. I need hardly tell this Synod that it was founded by a resolution of the Provincial Synod which met in Sydney last October, as i means ofeshowing our gratitude to Almighty God for theemany blessings which in this, the shundredth year of our Australian national life, we so abundantly enjoy. It is the de liberate movcment of our Church, as such, to express not in words only, which are very welt in their place, but by deeds-without which, words are but idle wind-to express this truth--as the truth, tho wholo truth, aind'notlhing but the truth-that all we have, 'and are, we owe to the bounty of God, and 'that in return we mean to give-specially for 'His work,. His kingdom, His glory-some thing out of that which He has given to us. Not as though He needeth anything, for Heaven is His throne and earth is His foot stool; but the man who is found willing to give to God of his worldly goods will, first of all, have given, in some degree at least, his lueart, and that is what even the Almighty God does deign to need- the love of the hearts of us His children. That is why the Ilord has instructed the Church to teach and caill upon its sons and daughters to give- to give freely, to give cheerfully, and' to 'learn and .know that it is more blessed to give than to receive. And so the Church in its Pro sincial Synod, containing the chosen men out of every diocese in the colony, resolved that this hundredth year of national. blessing was the fitting opportunity to show, on such a scale as. had never been shown before, a large-hearted liberality in extending and strengthening the kingdom of Christ. Acd I here say deliberately, before God and you, my brethren, that the churchman who does not 'put his name down in the Great Centenoial Book of the Church for some thing-'I leave it altogether to him to deter mine how much and for what purpose-such a churchman.will be grievously failing in his. bounden duty to himself, to his family, to his brethren, as well as to his Lord, and, in my estimation, ought not to be acknowledged as a'member of the Church at all; for, observe, the strengfth of the Church depends upon the?hearty union and co-operation of alt its menhbors. There is nothing that we o'annot accbmplish if ave are united, but you know howons jibbing horse destroys the work of' awholo team, and just so one or two men in 'a parish, and one or two parishesin a diocese, .may fatally affect theo success of any Church movement. Need I' say then, my brethren of theclergy and laity, members of this Synod, ohoson by your.. brohser churchmen as their, teadier~si all good' works, ireed I sriy thl' I count on.your individuaLeo-o- eration? - I ask everyone of you who has not yet done so to givo your name to our Centennial Secretary to put in t~he forefront of your parish contributions. I do not ask for your "mite,"--for that was all the widow had, even all her living, and none of us can rise up yet to her standard,-but.I ask for such an offering as that when Christ looks on it, as no doubt 1ie still does from His throne on high, He may accept it as the offering, great or small, of a willing heart. I am glad to be able to say that this our diocese comes out fairly well.already in its contributions to the fund. It has rome.up to the amount which the Primate expected from us as the result of our first movement. That one Sunday enrolling of names gave us over 1000 names, and over £10,0L0. Of course this represents the promised contributions for the term of five years. But you will see at once that if 1000 men, women, and children have liven their names to be inscribed in the Cen tennial roll, there are ten or tiventy times as many more in this diocese who as yet have not given their names at all. The truth is this thousand Mf first-fruits has set all the rest an' excellent example; they have come of their. own accord to have their names enrolled by our secretary, and our secretary means that this work shall not stop until all .tho other members of the Church shall' have their names also in his book. Think what a splen did result would be obtained if all would work together to this end ! With what ease and gladness we should be able to set in order. everything that is wanting; no ono without his share, his honourable share of the burden, no one overburdened ! Think how the great St. Paul would have rejoiced at the sight; how he would commend us as following his wise counsel "that there may be equality." "You must pardon me for dwelling on this subject a little longer, because, believe .me, not only our ability to do more Church work, but our ability to continue the work we are at present doing, depends entirely upon the measure of success we attain to in this mat ter. "In this diocese the number of names en rolled is now 1300. In the diocese of Sydr y they have only as yet obtained a little ovw 1200\. Wha, proportion do these number, bear to the number of churchmen-nay, eren the number who regularly attend church every Sunday? W'hy should these few bear the burden which all ought to share ? Why should 'not all bear what these have taken upon tlhemselves to bear? It is not that they are unable-no, it is not even that they are unwilling; but they require to have it put before them, co that they can see what their share of the work is. : They require to have it brought home to them that the Church-that is, the head of the Church, God himself- expects it from them. It is my work to bring this before you: it is your work to bring it before them. You are the men, this is the place, and this the time when and where the work is to be blocked out, and all arrangements made. All success in every undertaking depends upon a perfect organisation, and then willing workers to carry, it out. We have got our orgamsmg seeretar---the diocesan committee has ap poihted him. I know, and you know, that he is most capable and eager for the work; but the best general is nowhere without his captains and lieutenants, and the.e again are nowhere without the rank and file. I rely on you, brethren, to see that this Synod. does not pass away in empty talk. I rely on you to take whatever place may be allotted to you in the organisation which our secretary will direct; and when he comes into your parish, as he will come into every .parish which will receive him, don't let a single Churchman fail to receive a'direct request to join in this work; and if any' deliberately say "No, I won't," let him feel--I hope he will feel-a proper shame that others should be working for him and for God while he himself btands aloof. (Applause.) "It' is necessary that I should here just re mind you that through this Centennial Fund we are now working what for a few years past we have been working as our Church Extension Fund. That fund is to be ab sorbed, and, I trust, greatly enlarged, in this Centennial Fund, and you will see therefore that this Fund is not something which is unnecessary and a mere outburst of senti ment, but it is to do, we hope on a larger stale and in a better form, for the next five years at least, what we have been hitherto doing for the extension of our work; and I earnestly commend it to you as the best and most deliberate attempt yet made to carry on our work in an orderly, organised way, so that as a Church we may live, not as 'we have been hitherto too much in the habit of living, from hand to mouth-so to speak-but that we may know beforehand what can be de pended on to enable us to meet our liabilities and' to extend our usefulness. TEaRIcic OF LANDS. " A complete terrier of all lands belonging to the Church throughout the diocese has been with much care and labour completed by Mr. Atkins. I am sorry to say that this does not at present belong to the diocese, though it is of the greatest importance to it. It will be laid on the table, and I recom mend every. clergyman or other person interested.to examine it, and see whether all the lands in his parish are contained in it, and in whose possession the deeds at present are. If notice is given to me of any omission or error, I will take care to have it rectified. It seems highly desirable that we should by degrees simplify the tenure and management of our Church lands as much as possible; that to this end all lands should be handed over under the provisions of the Trust Pro perty Incorporation Act of 1881 to the Church Property trustees. These gentle men form a body corporate, and directly land is vested in them all difficulties and con fusions arising out of the death, absence, or incapacity of trustees comes to an end. No vacancies as of private trustees can take place, and consequently no fresh elections have to be cared for- accompanied with delay, trouble, and expense. So far as I see, the onlypoint not quite satisfactorily provided for is connected with the manage ment of lands. It is obvious that in many, if not in all cases, the corporate body is not a body qualified to manage lands of any sort notably, cemeteries which require constant and minute supervision. Provision was made in the first draft of the Act to meet this diffi culty, and the corporate body were empowered to appoint agents jn- any given case to manage the various properties. I think it might be useful, and probably even will be found necessary, for Synod to pass some reso lution directing the corporate body how to deal with such cases, and generally directing that the clergymen and churchwardens ex qoficio should have power to regulate and manage the lands held in trust by the cor porate body. "There is one other point in connection with this matter to which I would draw your attention. It is thab a good many lands, specially cemeteries, have for some years past been vested in, not the body corporate, but in the names of the gentlemen composing, for the time being, tie body corporate. Where ever this hats been done, the whole purpose of the Act has been lost sight of. They be come then no nmore than private trustees, and any chaugo in their number necessitates a fresh conveyance, and consequently the old uncertainty and expense. CHURnC PROPERTY SALES AND LEASING BILr. "At our last session I stated that there was being obtained from Parliament by the Sydney diocese an Act to piovide for the sale and leasing of Church properties, and that I hoped we might be able to have inserted in it a clause by which any diocese might take advantage of its provisions. This, however, it was found could not be done. It was, Ithink, very unadvisedly pessed through Parliament during tie absence of the Primate, and without any thought whatever for other wants than thoso of Sydney. It has thtus become necessary again to apply to Parlia scent on behalf of all our other dioceses, and I have every hope that in a short time we shal obtain an ct in most respects similar to that of the Sydney diocese, in some respects superior to it. By it all futuro applications to Parliament for power to sell. lands will become unnocessary, and in place of each new Bishop having to obtais an Act to validate his position, this is done by this Act for all future time and for all future eases. I may add that the Bill has passed its second reading in the Upper House. I had hoped that it might have passed through both Houses before this time, but I have found that it requires much time and patience, not to speak of expense, to get a private bill through Parliament. It will, at any rate, when passed, remove a disability which has long pressed heavily on the Church, and from which other bodibs of Christians are free. HLANtDTOHI SCHOOL. "I thought it necessary at our last session to give you a somewhat detailed account of what is known as the Blandford School. I then stated that the Master in Equity had giveni mo four months in which to communicate with tlhe committee of the 8.P.C.K. with re spect to the course of action which they, as being parties interested in the matter, desired to follow. I accordingly wrote to the secre tary, giving particulars of thle case, and ask ing, on behalf of our Bishop, and myself as his commissary, for tlhe powers which the court considered necessary to be held by some one on behalf of the society. I also wrote to the Primate, who was then at Home, to for ward the object I had in view. My solicitor, Mr. Gould, forwarded at the same time a draft of power of attorney which contained the provisions which the Master in Equity had intimated seemed to him necessary to enable us to appear before hin1 on their behalf. " In due time I received a letter from the secretary, saying that the society had care fully considered the whole question in the year 1882, on receiving a communication from our Bishop : that they still adhered to the conclusions then come to, and that they saw no reason to re-open the question. " The conclusion they had then come to was that the affair should be wound up, and that the contract entered into between the share holders and our Bishop should be carried out. The secretary made no mention about .revoking the power of attorney held by our lBishop and myself, which was to this effect; neither did he say one word about a fresh power of attorney being granted to any other person or persons. Naturally, I thought that the course agreed on in 1882, and still advo cated by our Bishop in 1886, would be carried out; buit I found to my great surprise, and only from a casual conversation with the Primate soon after his return to the colony, that what had really hippened was this: That the Primate had received a fresh power of'attorney to himself and the Rev. Mr. Child, and that. his intention was to oppose in every way the carrying out of the contract to wind up the scheme, and generally to advo cate, as ini the interests of the society, the establishment of the school at Marpcth. I have no doubt thei society cares little or nothing how tieo matter is settled; but it is obvious that the letter of their secretary to me, saying they formed their judgment in 1882 and saw no reason for altering it, is wholly inconsistent.with the action which is now being taken by the Primate. He re verses their decision; and opposes the carry ing out of the contract niade with the share holders by our Bishop; and by his action, if it should eventually .be sustained by the court, the society loses its share, and we lose our share of the £5000 agreed to be given by the shareholders. " If there was the least probability that such a school as the Primate advocates would ever. be sanctioned under the peculiar circum stances of the case by the court-a dis tinctively church school, in which not reli gion only generally, but special Ohurch doctrine and discipline was to be enforced, and the school to be under the authority of the Church-then there might not be so much to be said against its being established. Not so. much, I say; although, even then, weighty arguments might be broughtagainstit, as being a great wrong done to proprietors whose property was thus being dealt with in direct opposition to their wishes; but when to this is added the consideration that long before such a sclhoolcould be established the whole of-the accumulated funds will have been swallowed up. in costs, then it does seem most unfortunate that any attempt should have been made to set aside a decision deo liberately come to by the shareholders and by our Bishop acting for the society so far back as 1882, and again put forward by him in hisi- etition to tihe court in 1886. For my part, however, the matter may be eventually decided. I feel that what I have done, I have done to carry out the contract made by the Bishop, and I believe in the best interests of the Church. THBE rOwOVINC.IL SYNOD. " The Provincial Synod, or, rather, I should say, the two Provincial Synods, were called together by the Primate in October last. It must be confessed that we found ourselves in a position very hard to define. The members of the Synod were, in fact, sitting and acting in a dual capacity, and from first to last it became necessary to connive at irregularities which could not be avoided or cured. I trust that the experience gained in tlme ses sion will have convinced all the members that it has become absolutely necessary that the constitutions under which the first Provincial Synod exists should be repealed, so as to allow free scope for thei existence and action of that Synod, which I venture to say is far more capable of doing useful work for the Church. " I regret to have to admit that the Synod rejected a motion brought forward by myself dealing with this matter, committing itself only to a motion for consideration of the question, which ended in a report being pre sented near the close of the session, stating that there was apparently no'means by which the constitutions of the two Synods could be brought into harmony. . 'As this is exactly what I have always held, I trust that tile time vi ll soon come when we shall be pre pared to go to Parliament and ask for the re peal of the Act--ast least, so far as relates to this' utterly unworkable Provincial Synod. " One important resolution, which I trust will bear good fruit before long, was carried in the Synod, viz., the appointment of a com mitteeo of both Houses to consider a scheme and submit a plan for the repeal of the Chiirch Act, 8 Will. IV. No: 5. As I have been urging the consideration of this matter for more years than I can remember, I may be pardoned for feeling somewhat glad that majorities are beginning to agree with me. " This committee has had several meetings since the session, and has with much care framed an ordinance to provide for all those matters which are at present dealt with under the Church Act. You will be asked to deal with this ordinance during our present ses sion; but, you wiil observe, not as an ordi nance to be passed by this Synod. It will bo laid on the table, so that all members may have an opportunity of making themselves acquainted with its provisions; but the course which I should suggest we should do well to pursue with regard to it is this : that we should either refer it to a select commit too or, perhaps, thie Diocesan Council, dr. at. once refer it to theo-Provincial Synod; the body that eventually will have to deal with it and pass it in such form as they may ap prove. It would be altogether useless to waste our time upon all its details now, im portant thoughithey are. It- will be better to leave it to thed Probincial Synod, where it will no doubt be -very carefully dealt with; and, when passed by them, and under it duo provision made, beoorhand:for ;all. matters d..l with =ithe Olriuch Act, we shall 'be i a position to go to Parliament and ask for a repeal of the Church Act. This was the course followed ist Vietdria nearly thirty years armce, and they have had no difficulties what ever arising out of the action then taken. CATHEDRAL AND RISIOPSCOURT. "TThere are two other matters about which I spoke to you ir my address last year, with the hope that something would soon be done. I rogrot to say that no advance has been made with regard to either of them--I mean the Cathedral and the Bishop's residence. To tihe absence of our Bishop thisi must in a great measure be attributed. Plaws have been prepared and tenders obtained for ex tensive repairs and alterations at Bishops court. It is certain the house is not in a fit state for any occupant of the See to inhabit. It is, moreover daily growing worse, as asr uninhabited house is apt to do; but I cornfeso I am not prepared to say what it would be wisest and best to do. The question may even have to be considered whether the resi dence of the Bishop of this See should be at Morpeth or hero in the cathedral city. If here, then the house and hind at Morpeth should be sold and the proceeds useo for building here; if at Morpeth then the land or some portion of it here should be sold as not being required, and with the proceeds the house at Morpeth made what it should be. " With regard to the Cathedral, the exact position is this :, that the committee has never been called together since the work of putting in the foundations have been completed, now nearly four years since. The sub-committee entrusted with the carrying out of this work has mot; but a misunderstanding has arisen with the architect, who has stated that the elevation or design of the building itself has been accepted by the coimnittes and bears the Bishop's signature, whereas it is obvious to all who inspect the elevation so signed. by the Bishop that in cannot be, and never was intended to be, erected on the foundations as now laid, and that it is no mrre than an approximate indi cation of the style of building to be eventu ally determined on, and approved by thie committee. Whether it is expedient ini tie vacancy of the See for the committee to finally determine what the exact form of the building shall be, is to me at least doubtful; but I shall be very glad to have a meeting of the committee some time during the session, so that I may be able to give some answer to the many enquiries which are constantly being made. THE STATIONS. " I turn now to asubject concerning which I am glad to be able to speak more hopefully than for some years past has been possible. Good seasons and good management have gradually brought about results which are very encouraging. A brief abstract of the accounts, together with a statement of assets and liabilities, will be laid on the table ; and you will see that, according to what is .con sidered by competent judges a not unreason able estimate, the assets shsw a surplus of about £27,000. Even if large allowance is made for some doubtful debts and lower' prices for stock, still a substantial balance will remain to thle credit side of the account. This result is one which two years ago seemed wellanigh impossible, and is, no doubt, very largely owing to the very kind care and attention given to the management of the property by the three gentlemen who have taken charge of it at your request. We shall do well, I think, to leave it to them to tell us when the circumstances are such that it .would be desirable to sell, or perhaps even empower .them to sell whenever they may consider it advisable. It has not been con sidered necessary to hold any meeting of the committee appointed in connection with this' matter since the last session of Synod,: but I will ask them to meet as early as possible during the session. (Loud applasse.) tMOIPETr ' OlDINANCE. "At the 'last session a committee was apl pointed to draw up acase and obtain counsel's opinion thereon, with respect to the Morpeth endowment ordinance. This lias been done, and an opinion, obtained from Mr. Wise, will be laid on the table. It is to the effect that, under tlhe funds ordinance, taken to gether with the Morpeth ordinance, the cler gyman at Morpeth is entitled to receive £200 per annum from tlhe diocesan funds. Unless the income of the Council is largely increased this year, it will apparently become neces sary to reduce the £100 per annum hitherto paid .to all the parishes, and fresh legislation will become necessary to rectify an anomaly that was never contemplated, by which one parish is to receive double the amount re ceived by any of the rest. ' ' DITOIiCE BILL. "I think it would be well if a resolution should be passed directing the Diocesan Council to watch any proceedings that may be taken to again legislate on the subject of divorce. The Church owes the Home Government hearty thanks for calling atten tion to the grave reasons which, from a social and political point of view, may be urged against the bill. The very temperate and able despatch of the Secretary of State should, be largely circulated in any future opposition to the measure; but the reasons so well given there are not the reasons which specially weigh with us as Christian men. Arguments may be adduced against them, but no arguments can be adduced against our Lord's short, clear, statement: "Whosoever marrieth her that is put away, committeth adultery." I should have no insurmountable objection to a law that provided in certain cases, even other than adultery, for divorce; but so long as the 7th commandment re mains, adultery is forbidden, and Christ's words are straight to the point as to what constitutes adultery. The strength of the arguments of the supporters of the bill is based on the brutality which does unhappily sometimes show itself on the part of husbands towards their wives, and which should be stopped. Let them stop it by all means, but lot them also stop short of encouraging the brutes to get now victims, or the poor victims to forget' their sorrows by adding to them sins. That is what remarriage, or, as it has been' euphemistically put, " forming now and happier homes," means. (Prolonged applause.) MARRIAOGES. " With regard to the present marriage law, I pointed out in my last year's address that there were certain points in which it was urgently necessary that amendments should be made. In, the Provincial Synod the matter was taken up, and a committee was appointed, and a report by them presented, which, after quoting from a report on the subject brought up by the Honorable Dr. Creed and presented to the Legislative Coun cil, concludes with these words: " Your com mittee heartily approves of tlhe recommenda tions made by this Select'Committee, and believe if they were carried out they would fully meet all the requirements of the case." I hope, therefore, this Synod will authorise its President to sign a petition on its behalf, in which shall be embodied the recommenda tions made by the Select Committee of the Legislative Council on Registration of B1irths, Deaths, and Marriages, with a request that these recommendations be carried out. "It is one of the advantages of our tho roughly independent constitutional form of Church government that we have power with'in ourselves to deal with any abuses or diliculties that may, from time to time, manifest themselves in our Church life. " There is, therefore, no possible excuse for allowing ourselves by any illegitimate methods to deal withl such matters. Lot us prize our liberty, and wisely use our powers. If we undervalue these things or neglect to use them, we may lose them altogether. " I think such an occasion as the present is a 'fitting one on which to ask you to be on your guard against a manner of proceeding which is 'becoming' increasingly prevalent, and which is full of danger present and :., . , ), ..L; . : ' " futuro to L the best interests of the Church. 'By~ 'it . the •guidance -aiid government of the Church is being practically sought to betoken out of tho hands of tshose, to whom by all law, human and diviiiOd it.belongs, and transferred into the handss of certain irresponsible unknown persons, who, having by any means obtained the commanid of a printing press or tei position of in editor, can week after week is uso their broad sheets full of the most venomous attacks upon all who on mnttors the smallest is well the greatest differ from them. These men constitute themselves at one and the same time accuser and jury and judge and exe cutioner. They are not afraid to speak evil of dignities. They are quite forgetful of the restraint which prevented the Archangel Michael from bringing even against the devil. himself a railing accusation. It does seem very necessary for churchmen to consider whether we are to live under Episcopal and Constitutional Government, or under a government which may be described as editorial and tyrannical. " know no influ ence and tyranny more hateful and demoral izing than that of many of the so- called religious newspapers, conducted by men whose first concern is to sell their paper, knowing well enough that if their paper does not pay they will soon lose their oppor tunity of setting brother against brother and stirring up strife. If any man sins agisuet the Church's law, let him be openly cretsed, and openly tried and openly con demned and punmshed; but to be stabbed in the dark by unknown assailants, to be con demned without hearing, and oftentimes for things that are no offences at all, this is surely altogether intolerable, and the Church should put it down with a firm hand. It is the glory of the Church that its platform is wido enough to contain men who, outside the creeds, may hold opinions widely differing. True charity consists nol so much in loving those who agree with yo, as in loving those who differ from you. It is a terrible and unmistakeable sign of a narrow sectarianism when a man is so possessed with his own opinion about some small detail of govern ment or discipline, that for the sake of it he will either leave the great mother Church him self, or cast out of it, if he can, all who will not conform to his opinions. The liberty we claim for ourselves we should be ready to grant to others. There is quite enough work for us to do in ordering our own lives and winessing against known and open sin. Let us leave our brethren to do the same in their own way'. Let us hand down to our children the broad liberty inherited from our fathers, ackniowledging no master but Christ, and wsvlcoming as brethren all who-in ways, ib may be, not our own-revere and love that hol? name. (Applause.) CONCLUSION. "And now, brethren, I have endeavoured to. the best of my ability to set before you.the. Workiof the Church in this diocese-what has been done, what still needs'to be done.. I ask you to remember that on you lies the re sponsibility before God of securing success in all those matters which belong to you to re gulate and set in o~der. Some ot them are very pressing and of the greatest importance. I beg of you to bring to bear on themall the wisdom, patience, and forbearance which is needed to bring about good results. I ask you to strengthen my hands-to be all the more loyal to the office I fill, because I occupy it only for a short time, and, as it were, by accident. Let him who shall next be called to occupy the office of Bishop in this diocesq feel, when he comes amongst us, that our zeal has not slackened nor our piety and de votion grown cold, even though our He'ad has been removed from us, and we have been left for a time without that special guidance which from the times of the Apostles has been provided in the good providence of God for* the well-being b'f His Church. Brethren, I commend you to the gracious guidance of the Holy Ghost, to do the work for which you are gathered together here to- day." (Applause, which lasted some tiueo.) Mr. .. R. P. HIcKsox moved that the best thanks of the Synod be accorded to the President for his able and eloquent address, and that he be requested to allow the same to be printed in the report of the proceedings of Synod. Mr. WuIcr seconded the motion, which was ably1 supported by Major BorTON, and carried with acclamation. The PRuSIDcNa thanked the Synod for thi high opinion, expressed of his address, and freely expressed his willingness to allow it to be printed, as requested. REPORTS. - The reports of the Diocesan Council, with treasurer's statement of accounts, and state ment of financial returns, of the select com mittee of religious education of the young; of.the presentation board ol the diocese, of the diocesan committee on the centennial fund, were received, and the reception of several others was postponed. wxOTICEs O MOTION. Several notices of motion were handed.in. DIOCESAN COUNCIL. The PiasIbnNT expressed his opinion that it would be advisable for him to resign his position as an elected member of the Diocesan Council, owing to his position 'as Yibar- General of the Diocese. He had been a member of the Diocesan Council since its formation, but still felt it his duty to resign under the circumstances. Rev. Canon W'aITar paid a warm tribute to the valuable services of the Rev.' Canon Selwyn as a member of the Diocesan Coun cil; and, while much regretting that the lamentable absence of the Bishop compelled the ].ev. Canon Selwyn to resign as an elected member, begged to move that his resignation as such be accopted by thio Synod, lie still retaining this position as an cx sfflco member. Seconded by Major BoeTON, and carried. ORDER 2F0l THE DAY. The consideration of the report of the Diocesan Council's report was made the first order of the day for Wednesday. 'After some routine business, The PREsIDBNT pronounced the bonedic tion, and the Synod adjourned till half-past 9 o'clock on Wednesday morning. 