"WAS JEBU8 GOD?" THE- KEV. GEO. WAXTBKS REPLY. Op Suuday nrornmg at tho Umtarianghuroh, in the prosenco of a . largo eongregntioD, the Ror Georgo WaHura replied to an artlolo hy a' local clergyman on the above eubjeot Mr tYftitere aaia "oomo ten naya ago an article appeared in Tun Hkaald by tho Rov H. L. A. Truwin, under tho head ing, VTho DiviuHy of Christ." In that article the writer thr»w down tho gauntlet to tho paotor of 'the Unitarian Church, asking for In telligent reasons for rejecting the doctrine of thel)eity of Christ, And for embracing tho faith common to Unitarians. I havo thought it well to speak upon this question at. uur morning service, and although the majority of thoso now pretient maybe already in agreement with me, itmaybe useful, especially tor hoiui? of our younger memdens to givo an ontlino of reply to tho arguments of our Trinitarian friends. At tho samn thue I h"pu to roach a wider circle, nad perhaps lead a few e Arurat, thoughtful persons to an impartial consideration of the quostion under discuexi on. But, first of all, let me acknowledge the very kind references to myself which tntroduco the essay of tho Kev. Mr l'rewin, Moro than once, reoentiy, some very generous remarks have been made by ministers of other churches, and they are all the more acceptable because I am not personally acquainted with the gentlemen who have made those statements. Time was when we Unitarians were only met with angry abuse or furious accusation. We welcome, therefore, a new and better tone in tho controversial language of our opponents, and we rejoice that the spirit of toleration is making its influence felt in the churches which call themselves Christian. In this respect, some Unitarians might, perhaps, learn a lesson from their orthodox friends. Tho rev. gentleman whose essay I shall specially refer to this morning, says that he believes Christ was divine. 1. Because divine name are applied to Him in Scripture. 2. Because divine attributes, or belongings are ascribed to Him; and 3. Because divine works are frequently ascribed to Him. Although the word "divine" is so often made use of, tho endeavor is to establish the deity of Christ, and I shall fasten tho discussion to that point. I shall try to avoid all ambiguity and make the issue plain by asking — Was Jesus God ? Our orthodox friend say, Yes, he was God. We say that they fail to establish their case, and that the life of Christ, so far as we can get a glimpse of it, is consistent only with the theory of His pure and simple manhood. How does our orthodox friend seek to prove his doctrine? — By passages of scripture. It has been well said that almost anything can be " proved" by picking out texts from tho Bible and making a judicious use of them; a slightly exaggerated instance of this being the injunction to commit suicide in tho combined passages, Judas "went and hanged himself," " Go, thou, and do likewise." But let us examine some of the evidence brought forward on behalf of this docrine of the deity of Christ. We are assured that He is distinctly and absolutely called God. Tho first verse of the first chapter of John is quoted, " In the beginning was the Word, and tho Word was with God, and tho Word was God." Of 'course nothing is said as to the peculiar position held by this Gospel according to John, nothing as to the improbability of John having written it. Nothing is said of its contrast with the three synoptical Gospels; nor is it represented to be, as it certainly was, a philosophical treatise aiming to assimilate the theories of tho early Church with the philosophy of Philo. Of course not, but the text in quoted and people are supposed to argue that John wrote these words— that he meant that Christ was the Word ; that he calls Christ God. Therefore the doctrine of his deity is established. But this rough and ready style will not satisfy those who know as much about tho early history of the Church and the growth of tho gospel-tradition as do the clergy them- selves. Even an orthodox champion will acknowledge that the word Theos, here trans lated God, implies a divine nature as dis tinguished from the definite absolute God. If we desire to understand, in a plain and simple way, the philosophy that embodied a divine attribute in " the Word," we can turn to the 8th chapter of Proverbs, and see how "Wisdom" is treated in a very similar way. Wisdom is there represented as saying :— "The Lord possessed me in the beginning of His way, before His works of old. I was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever tho earth was. . . When He prepared the heavens I was there, etc.. etc." We conclude, therefore, that this so called Gospel according to John is a philosophical treatise which does not by any means establish tho doctrine of Christ's Deity, when examined in an impartial and critical manner. Again, Mr Trewin quotes the exclamation of the disciple Thomas, "My Lord and my God, " which tho rev gentleman calls an "adoring cry." Well, I am satis- fied that this is simply a form of exclamation, and I can quote a so-calIed orthodox authority on my side, who says:— " Tho exclamation is a recognition of Jesus. I will not go so far as to conclude from these words that he actually recognised at tho time the divine nature of Christ, of which we have no trace amongst the apostles previous to tho effusion of the Holy Ghost ; at least it was not the common doctrine or the Jewish theology. But he rather nature him in a figurative sense — as one risen from the dead— his God, whom he will always honor and adore, in tho same way as Virgil, in his first eclogue, only still stronger, addresses Augustus : — ' For he shall always be my god ; tho tender iamb from our folds shall often stain his altar. " Another passage quoted is from Hebrews, 1ch., 8 v.:— "Unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever." This is a quotation from Psalm 4a, 6 v. In that psalm the word translated " God" designates " tho rank of a judge and sovereign and in tho letter to the Hebrews we must naturally sup- pose that it has a similar meaning. The trans lation may, however, be questioned, and in stead of reading, "Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever, we may read, "God is thy throne," &c.; Upon this point it may be well again to quote the testimony of another orthodox writer " It will be proper to lay aside from this discussion the consideration of Christ's divine nature, not because we deny that doctrine, or think that no regard should be paid to it in creating of the regal power of Christ, but because, wherever they speak of him in the character of a sovereign, the sacred writers apply that imagery to him as man. . . . We have no hesitation in referring Hebrews 1 ch., 8. 9 v.. particularly to the human nature of Christ, and, with the distinguished interpreters who follow tho great Grotius, to render ho thronos sou ho Theos ' God is thy throne ; that is, God has con ferred on the regal authority. In the forty- fifth psalm, from which the quotation Is taken, there are no traces of the diety of Christ ; and since the words, as they occur in this chapter of Paul's, together with the con- text, speaks clearly of Christ's human nature, they cannot form an address to him as God." In Isaiah 9th, 6th v.. the words "Mighty God" appear, and these are actually quoted as substantiating tho Deity of Christ. And yet the word thore translated "God" is applied, in other place, to other persons. If upon this testimony Christ was God, then must we also acknowledge that Hezekiah was God. I think that sufficient has now been said to prove that tho indiscriminate use of passages from Scripture is apt to mislead many. Tho examination of the true meaning of many of these texts, if not all of them, will clearly show us that they were not intended to substantiate any such doctrine as that of the Godhead of Jesus Of course it is very easy to fill a column of a newspaper with disjointed quotations, while it takes considerably more space to show tho context of the passages, .and to give their real meaning, When this is done, we soon discover how frail, how flimsy is tho foundation for so tremendous a dogma— one that should surely, if true, have been given upon unmistakeable evidence. and not have been left to tho ingenuity of the priestly mind or tho vote of angry and dis putatious ecclesiastics. When we have disposed of the most serious arguments we have practically got rid of all tho others. When we find that even tho word translated "God" has only a secondary mean ing, and is applied to prophets and other men, it follow that any ascription of divine attri butes or belongings must equally fail to sub stantiate the doctrine of the Deity of Christ. Many passages may be quoted in which Christ is referred to as the " Son of God," but this, most assuredly, does not mean that he was God, the Son. Tho term is frequently applied to other persons, and even tho Jews will allow that in tho general sense in which the phrase. Son of God was said, Jesus might be so designated even by tho Hebrew race, who, of course, cannot think of him as more than human. But now, suppose I were to follow Mr Trewin's plan, and give a number of passages to prove the simple manhood of Jesus, or, at the very least, His complete subordination to tho Deity, then I should have to quote a large portion of the gospels. I might quote " Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away find come again unto you. If ye loved Me ye would rejoice, because I said I go unto the Father ; for My Father is greater than I." I might quote His cry, "My God, My God. why hast Thou forsaken Me !" and I might ask what that cry meant. Was it all a farce ? Was he crying in apparent despair unto God when he himself was God all the time? Surely, if there is any blasphemy it is on tho part of those who maintain the doctrine of his Deity! Or again : "I ascend unto My Father and your Father, and to My God and your, God." Here was a distinct recognition of his associa tion with his friends, and his reverence and love for the one God and Father to whom ho, with them, looked up with filial awe and trust. And while, in these and numerous other passages, Christ repeatedly makes evident his dependence upon tho Eternal Father, there is not one single instance in which he stated that he was tho Eternal God. Surely his silence upon such a point is, in itself, fatal to the claims of this priest-made dogma. 1 Tho first three gospels, Matthew, Mark and Juke are to be relied upon most for any -possible glimpse of tho real Jesus, but they represent him, consistently, as a man. Even Mr Gladstone, who Is an acute critic, and generally regarded as strongly orthodox, confesses that tho doctrine of the Deity of Christ is with difficulty, if at all, found in the Gospels, tho first three of which, he says, are remarkable for the general absence of direct reference to his Divinity. Of this doctrine tho Rev, Mr Trewin, in his article in The Herald, say:— "It would be utterly impossible to abstract or deny it, and yet preserve Christianity; or, at least, Christianity as our fathers knew it In tho past, and as we know it now . " Truly, yes, it would be a serious blow to that ecclesiastical system, which takes to itself, and dares to monopolise, tho Christian name. But, if we should abstract or deny this doctrine, we might get nearer to tho man Jesus himself, and we might learn of His Christianity, in place of that system of theology which has usurped His name, per verted His spirit, and too frequently trans- formed tho crucified into tho crucifier of men. The life- of Christ, so far as we can get a reliable glimpse, was tho life of a true and noble man ; but after He was gone from earth his teaching was corrupted, He was arrayed once more in tho mock purple robe of deity, and upon His sacred footprints the priesthood have planted their own coarse feet, and then called upon tho world to reverence the foot prints of the Master ! Alas ! those footprints have been well nigh disfigured out of their original shape, and the spirit of Jesus is to be found rather among those who shrink from calling on His name, than among those who profess to be His fol lowers, but who do not follow ! I go from tho creeds of tho churches, and I reverence and love tho Prophet of Nazareth.' He was not God ; but he was our Human Brother, looking upward to tho one God and Father of us all. With my friend, John Page Hopps, of Leicester, I may say, " If Jesus Himself is to be believed, there is but one God— even tho God he loved and wor shipped, and adored. To that one God he prayed ; from that one God he derived his wisdom,' grace, and power ; before that one God' he laid tho sorrows and burdens of his life ; in that one God he hoped ; for that one God he lived and died ; into the hands of that one God he committed his spirit on tho cross ; to that one God He went at last. Be it ours to follow in His footsteps, not confusing our minds with tho juggles of priests or tho mysteries of theologians ; and then, though both priests and theologians may deny us the charities of earth, our Brother, Jesus, will, be you sure, prepare a place for us among tho better charities of Heaven." Much might be said, at the proper time, as to tho value of tho Gospel testimony. It would be well to have all sides of this question represented, and I recommend th'ise who nro interested to read a lecture on Judaism and Christianity, by Mr Blaubaum, one of the Jewish ministers of this district. Iu the beginning of that lecture, he well says th:U rvct.nn welt as impartial, must lay down for his guidance certain canon of criticism ; as 4 In reading tho Now Testament, ho must remem ber thnt the authors of thoso books, whoever they were, had ono, to thorn, all important ob ject in viow, which was tomako converts to tho now faith. Hence many of their statements havo that-obiect in thu background, and ioso, thereby much of their historical value." And again i— "lie must read th New Tes tament side by side with tho earlier parts of tho Talmudical literature, viz., tho older Rlidrashim, tho Targumin, and the Rlishnah. Thoso bo.iks, it is true, were not all published at one and tho same time.andnoneof them pro bably long before the earliest of tho gospels ; but bnitigonly compilationsjf traditioustiien already several generations old, they reflect thu religious thought of the last century before, and the first of thu Christian era, and supple ment each other in throwing light upon thu rirtii and development of Christianity." These, nnd other ru.es, should bo borne in mind. For ignorant bigotry it may be suffi cient to take the Bible in the hand and quote a multitude of text ; but intelligent criticism can only smile ai such methods of proving stupendous doctrine of theology. The time has notv certainly arrived when honest men should express their honest thoughts. Fur myself, I am over ready to give my own personal views upon the lifo uud work of Jckus of Nazareth. I shall therefore conclude by repeating part of the statement of belief, which I gave at the fust Sunday evening rvtce which I conducted in Melbourne, in a lecture entitled, "Riy Creed." It i a great pity that liberal thinkers are obliged to take a position that, in any sense or any degree, seems to put them into an attitudo of denial of Christ, of opposition to Hi teach ing, and of deprecating tliu influence of Iiis life and death. The nnmo of Christ has, unforlunatrly, been inscribed upon tho banner of theological war fare, iustoad of being a symbol of peace amid tho di-jconls of human controversy and discus- won. Deny tho Deity of Ji-.su, on tho ono hand, and yon arc accused of alighting or deny ing iiim. .Say that you believe in Jcsu Christ, ou tho other hand, nnd you are au»- jwcted of giving countenauco to thetiiogma of Rid Godhead 1 Thin is unfortunate. Cod can bo best known through man, through tho feelings, and hoiies, and aspira tions of tho human heart ; and, of course. Ho Is most fully revealed in tho noblest and holiest men whom our earth ha received, aud whose benediction docends upon nil age. In prophet and poets ffe has been revealed to us, as well n in our own soul. These men were not exception?, as to their nature ; tiiey were simply men ; but thsy were exceptions a to their powr and influence they were tho bright examples of our race, fura-tyt>c3 of what humanity shall be. Among these wo recognise tho person of Christ. To snipe nt us he may sc-cin to reveal morn of the love and tenderness of God than to others. That is u matter for each individual heart nnd conscience, and there. is no Bin cm one aide or the other. It would b» well for us, ns liberal thinkers, if wo could discriminate better between acknow ledging Christ as God, and rejecting him as a tcjicltrr of mora) religion truth. I bcli?vo in Jesus Christ. Yes, but not in thn theories of the Church regarding, him; not in the dogmas concerning his miraculous conception, his superhuman nature, or bm sacrifice to avert the wrath of God. I behave in Jesus Christ. Yes, but not after the manner of those who glorify his name, without ever "xhibitingllrissnirit; who worship Iiim as a God, but deny him in tlie passions of their evil live. I bnlicve in Jesus Christ— simply as a point of rational faith— Iwliovu in him as a trachsr of righteousness a a prophet of eternal truth. I can fancy him, ns a child, thoughtful ind reverent, but sometimes free and joyous. In his youth ho would spt'iu) his leisure hour on the hill-aide, or away by tho waters of the hiko. He would ponder upon the- ancient religion of hi people, upon the national decay, uj>on their politiciUHlavery, upon thudarUcloucl thatscmned to hang over the Temple of the Hebrew faith. A he grew to be a young man, thcra thing would voure witlnn hi heart the fire of patriotic votion. Beyond tho narrow limits of hi creed, he looked forward to a time of national upris ing, when the tin ono of David would again be occupied by one of thn tilhe of Israel. And he also looked forward, wo may well suppose, tn tho wider and holier religion, which, apart from ritual and ceremony, would recognise and tench t lie Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of Man. But not until ho wns nearly 80 years of age dhl be venture out upon his public ministry, with hi heait all .afianm with hope and long- ingS thinking that ho had only to spr-ak and men would listen, lm hud only to reveal the divinn spark of love in his own heart and tlie fire would spread from soul to soul, until the world was regenuratrd and heaven brought down to earth 1 Alas ! Alas ! Ttio world will not welcome its best frwnds, Tho heart of mankind aro not prepared for tlie gospel of truth and liberty, and love. Christ was not iho only Saviour, or Prophet, or Teacher, who came to hi own. but his own received him not. This ha been tho story of every brave and honest thinker ; the i-ro.'s has been the nnswer, returned by m'-n, to those who havo tried to inaugurate th" g--.M-.-ii age of deace. It has bren truly said that " moro than ono Savijur ha nlreadj died for the earth nnd man ; nnd Christ will one day take many- pious human being by tho hand, nnd say to th-m 4 Y«-, too, havo suffered under Pilate ! '" And so, T think how that thought ful boy, that eager youth, that mithunin.itic man, was carried away by his glorious iniraion, and (refuaiug to betray hi trust, refusing to' bv a coward and renounce his work) y.\kh R-d, not t j the tliroim of David, but to a throne made grander and holier far— to thecrov;— which, for all future ages, became the accepted symbol of faithful adherence to truth and dutv, aud of sacrifico to tlie bnito forces of the world rather than stain tho soul with cowardice Christ on tho cross, and Coosar on the throne. Is this world' history a tragedy, or a comedy ? No 1 Think of the world's estimate of Ciosnr to-day ; and then think of the in fluence of tlm life mid example of thn poor peasant of Galilee, who died upon the cross. The pect sings of Truth for ever on tho scaffold, U'ronj for ever on the throne; but it is not for ever; there is on Eternal Power bvhiud these transitory affairs of men ; and so tho. poet exclaims again— Yet that scnfToM sways tho future, And behind (ho dim unknown, Standcth uod within the shadow. 'Keeping watch above Ills own. Wh'on the creeds of tho churches have per- iahed, nnd.tho dogma of the godhead of Christ has passed away, then, perhaps, every heart will cheri>h its own creed, and ouo item in the creed will be— tho beficf in the manhood of Clirirtt of Gnlllee— the belief in his simple and beautiful and honest life— the belief in hi tender teaching and his goapcl of humanity, and tho belief in las death, not as a sacrifice, but as a cruel ending of a grand career, thn bitter answer of a vulgar mob to tho high and Bacrcd tones of manhood, through which (as tnrougli every true human life), thero flashed, over and anon, gleam of divino beauty— tho radiance of ideal excellence— nnd the promise of what each of us shall bo in tho age thnt are to come ! . . 