Ta le , Two Ways of Asking. Miss Dolly's Lesson In Love- ' Tears, idle tears ! Niobe dissolved : My dear child, what on earth is the matter ? ' Time: Four of a summer afternoon. Place : A pretty boudoir, furnished in the fushion of to -day, inodeiied on tlie style of Louis Quiuze, with a dash of 'Liberty' thrown in, and modern accessories, such as crystal flower vases, three- volume novels, and photograph stands, juxtaposed with Queen Anne"silver and knick-nacks ancient and modern. Dramatis Persona; : A graceful figure in white, flung with an air of [deso lation on the floor beside a sofa, her charm ing nuque visible beneath delicious- little rows of golden curls, her frame shaken by sobs ; an older woman standing a few yards disiant, dark, beautifully dressed, 'good- looking enough for any thing ' without being distinctly handsome, aged somewhere within the right side of thirty, and wearing an ex pression .hair compassionate, half amused. There is a suspicion of raillery in .her voice, which is felt and deeply resented by the fair sorrower. Auger is often akin to sorrow as pity is to love, rind the voice which responds to the question when reiterated is decidedly petulant. , ' I wish you would go away and leavo me alone.' ' I shall not do anything of the .sort,' re# turns tho other. ' I am' going to talk to you, and I do not care in the least whether you are angry or not, although I had muoh'.rather you would take my remarks in good part.' 'Oh,' responds The voice, still smothered in the sofa cushions, .but losing nothing of its resentful quality.-' '.I know how clever you are,' 'and that you think that you can manage every one's affairs agreat deal better than themselves.' ' She intends this to be a 'nasty one,' and, as a matter of fact, it does not fall very pleasnntly on the ears of = her interlocutor; but she sits down on the sofa and replies) with good humor : ' Well, my love, I -may con fidently say that I conld manage your affairs a great deal better than you manage them yourself, and' that if I were you I would have Mr. Clement Lascelles at my feet iu a very short time.' ' Perhaps you have him Iherenoiv ! ' says the prostrate one, ceasing to sob and trying to sneer instead. ' W<1J, DjIIv dear, to'telFyou the truth, I fail lo) self tore cognize in that yonng. man the charm which T observe he has. for — for some people ; indeed, I consider him a poseur, witti an exasperatingly good opinion of him self, and) if you ask mv candid opinion, I think thathfi would be all the better for being kic — ' Dorothy flounces up in a moment. ' I will trouble yon not to insult my friends,' she cries, with flaming cheeks. '.And it is not very easy to believe your sincerity when he was sitting in your pocket all last night, and you were out walking witblhim for two hours this morning.' 'In any case,' Mrs. Dalton coolly, 'your remarks prove that |I have had time and" oppor.liiuity to form an opinion of his qualities. I don't deny that he is good-looking, hut it is intolerable that he should he so conscious of it. I admit that ho is not without a certain amount_o£ cleverness, and has been fairly educated ; but I violently object to his thinking himself able to bit in judgment on pecplo a good deal older and cleverer than himself.' ' On you, for instance ! .' cried Dolly. ' No, I was not thinking of myself, though I admit the soft impeachment (tho one re garding my age, at least) ; and what I dis like most of all is his placing himself on a pedestal to be looked at and longed for by — by pretty, silly little girls, who ought to know better.' \- Dolly stiffens her back, and says, with an assumption of dignity which sits indifferently well upon her, 'If you .will excuse me, I should prefer not discussing Mr. Lascelles with you. You are perfectly welcome to your opinion of him, and I claim the liberty of letainiug mine.' Then, her majesty auddenly toppling over, she says vindictively, in quite a different tone cf voice, ' Perhaps you think I am such a fool that 1 don't seo through your mean abuse of him ? ' ' "l'nat I may win and wear him myself ? ' suggests Mrs. Dalton, quite good humoredly. 'No, my dear and acute child, believe me, you have not fathomed and unmasked my baseness this time. I know your dear and sensitive little heart is set upon this fasci nating young man. I don't think there is really any harm in him, and I am magnani mous enough to be ready to show ydu how to obtain Ms affections, and to make him the suppliant instead of you.' ' Suppliant 1 ' cried Dolly, with fresh flames from her burning heart ascending to her cheeks. ' Yes, suppliant. Every one, my love, can see— he most of all — how you hang upon his smiles, and despair when he is indifferent or capricious.' "Wrath makes Dolly absolutely speechless. If looks, etc., Mrs. Dalton would, etc. ' ' Don't he a goose, Dolly,' resumes her friend, not having suffered any visible injury froai the lightning glances to which she has been subjected, 'Keep your temper and reap.the advantages of my superior age and experience ' ' Keep them to yourself ! ' retorts Dolly, tartly. -. ' The first I must, whether or no, hut the latter shall he yours. Gome, dear child, you know I am fond of you ; believe me when I say I would not have your enchanter at a gift, and, also, that I nui desirous to see him subjugated by you. -He shall he yours, I promise, and I will only .make one condition.' Dolly seats herself on the sofa, and allows Mrs. Dalton to' take her hand, though she looks rather- sulky; Still, she does, poor little girl, regard Mr. .Clement Lascelles as the first prize in the marriage lottery, and is willing to take upon herself his part of the contract ; to worship him with her body, and endow him with all her; worldly goods. For in a small way she is 'au ' heiress, though he is not destitute of money, aud has an ex cellent position. . iJVuth to tell, the young man is not what is called ' a had sort ' : he has good looks,- good brains and good man ners, when he is not egged on to take liberties by the silly flatteries of the other sex. Poor Dolly loves him madly, and has innocently snpwn rier pleasure m ins notice ana ner sufferings at his, neglect. Mrs. Dalton having paused to gi ve'd'ue i fleet to her words, Dolly, after aqnoment is constrained to gay rather sulkily, ' Well ! ' ' You must take the vow first." 'What vow ? ' with latent, irritation. ' The vow never to tell any human being — Mr. Lascelles least of all — that I, or, for the matter of that-,' any one, advised you how to act toward him.' ' Oh, of course, I promise.' ' Promises are like pie-crust,' replies Mrs. Dalton ; then, with an air of great solemnity, she goes to. a small bookcase at tho end of the room, arid comes hack with a Bible. ' You must kiss the book,' she says. ' Oh, no,' cried dolly, frightened. For she she knows that she never kept a secret in her Jife, and is terrified at being put on an oath which she may break in spite of herself, a few hours later. 'Well,' says Mrs. Dalton j firmly, 'do you want him or do you not ? ' ' Yes,' cries Dolly, with tears in her eyes, ' I do.' ' Then kiss the book.' ' ' But how do I know there is anything in what you are going to tell me ? ' says doubt ing Dolly. 'Because I say so. Do I not know the woild and men ? ' Dolly takes the hook, trembling. ' What am I to 'say ? ' .slio falters. ' Bay : ' I swear not to (ell Clement Las- celles, or any other person, that Marian Dalton advised me how to win his affec tions. " With a sudden desperato gesture Dolly kisses the book and repeats the formula ' Now, then ! ' she cries excitedly. . Mrs. Dalton takes up her parable. ' Clement is really f-md of you — he wou!d_be exceedingly fond of you, if you only allowed him.' ' If t allowed him ! ' gasps Dolly. _ ' Yes,' repeats her adviser. ' By allowing him I don't mean throwing yourself at his head and showing him that you adore him ; hut by making him doubt your love and his -wn capacity for pleasing you. Different men want different treatment. There is nothing so delightful to some as to see and know that a woman cares for them — it adds ten-fold to their devotion for her ; hut I am hound to say these men are in the minority. Most of them are far more stimulated by doubts and fears — the woman becomes more dear asahe'seemsmore distant, and, as a rule, when a man is literally crazy about one of our sex, it is because she has worried and tormented _him and kept him on a perpetual balance between hope and fear. Now you, and others like yon, have so hung upon Clement Lascelles' looks and words, have so positively shown him that he is a great being, ha3 a lofty intellect, a rival to Apollo, that it is not likely he is coming off his pedestal to worship his worshipers. Your only chance, my dear, is to adandon your worship; to counterfeit indifference as best you may, and to let a gradual and startling conviction come over him that you were not really in earnest, after all.' 'It is very easy to talk,' pouts Doll. ' It i3 very easy to act, too,' returns Marian, ' if you are positively certain that your plan of campaign is going to be successful. ' ' How do I know that it will be ?'. ' Try it for twenty-four hours, and see how it works.' ' But I don't know what I am to do.' ' You must be absolutely guided by me, aud not act for one moment on your own respon sibility.' ' 1 daresay it will turn out all wrong,' says Dolly, ungraci mslj-, ' and that I shall .lose him altogether.' ' All right,' replies Mrs.. Dalton, losing patience and rising from her seat. ' Do as yon like. After all, what on earth does it matter to me whether you are happy or miser able ? Go your own way.' Dolly springs up and catches her by the arm. ' No, no, Marian, don't go ; don't be angry. I will do whatever you tell me.' ' Then hearken and obey. Dick Wyndham is coming to- night. You know he is rather fond of you. Talk to him, and to him only,, all the evening. Do not glance in Mr. Lascelles'. direction ; I will keep my eye on him, and report to you how he takes it. If he approaches you in the evening look bored and distrait, and reply to him by monsyl- lables.' ' I shall never be able to do it, ' groans Dolly. , Not with such a big stake to win ?' (a little sarcastically.) ' Ah ! you don't know what it is to love !' cries Dolly. 'Not as you do, certainly,' retorts Marian, with an inflection of voice of which Dolly is not acute enough to catch. Dick "Wyndam arrives in time for dinner. He is rather fond of Dolly— he is exceedingly hard up, and wants her money even more than her sweet self. He is bright and amnsing, has a considerable fund of small talk, is devoted to sport, and has not Mr. Lascelles' (esthetic taste of lofty manner of showing superiority. He has a genuine contempt for a man who talks art and plays classical music, as Mr. Lascelles has for one who thinks of nothing but hunting, lawn-tennis and polo, though he rid.s fairly straight and is an average shot himself. Not a little disgusted is Lascelles, therefore, when Dolly, whose sorrowfulness and its cause have greately soothed his complacency for the last twenty-four hours, seems to have eyes and ears for no one but this half-witted soldier at dinner. She is looking churming in a dress of a delicious apricot tint, which he has not seen before (he is a great connoisseur of dress) ; if he could only catch her eye, he would beam on her one of those glances which would have intoxicated her maiden soul. But whereas it has been his wont to meet her tender, plead ing glances every two minutes heretofore, to night ho might bo ' Banquo's giist, and sbe one of 'Macbeth's, guests, for all she seems to see him. His memory serves him up various sneering and savage quotations ou the theme of mivenl fummc carte. He is so little con genial to his neighbor at dinner that, she expresses the most unfavorable sentiments regarding him in the drawing-room later on, causing Dolly to halt between the desire to defend him hotly, and a sense of pleasure that some one beside herself has suffered from bis coldness. Mrs. Dalton makes « pretext for calling Dolly aside. ' Excellent, my. love !' she cries, in high good hum ir, pressing tho girl's arm. ' He is enraged beyond measure. He scarcely took his eyes off yon. Go on and prosper !' Thus stimulated, Dolly goes on, and pros pers exceedingly. "When Mr. Lascelles and Dick approach simultaneously she devotes her whole attention to the latter, and has scarcely a word for the former, who presently retires in tragic dudgeon, and leans against the wall looking like 'Hamlet,' Lord Byron, or any other blighted being in the sulks. In reality Dick is the person most to be pitied, although his face is alight with smiles and his heart aglow with anticipations of possessing a lovely woman, and satisfying the debtors who, metaphorically speaking, take him by the throat, crying, ' Pay me what thou owest !' Innocent creature that he is, he suspects no treachery, nor dreams that that milk-white bosom palpitates for tho ' infernal yonng prig ' over the way. Dolly will play billiards and lawn-tennis with him on the morrow; in the afternoon they are to ride together, and as he sits smoking, after the ladies have retired, he reflects on the most approved method of asking a certain question; Up to this moment Clement Lascelles has not seen any necessity for putting his fate to the touch, because he had been absolutely certain of winning ; but now that for the first time he has a rival, a rival who is progressing by leaps and bounds in his lady's favor," he sees that something must be done. Ho cannot have. been befooled. She loves him or — or he, the adept at reading the secrets of souls, must fcr once have been deluded. Perish the thought! "With gloomy brow and stately step he re tires from the " smoking-room and seeks the solitude of his chamber, hut not his couch. The dawn has long broken ere he courts re- pose. 'Marian !' cries Dolly, a few hours later, bursting into her friend's room whilst that lady — no early riser at the best of times — still nestles among her pillows, ' read this !' and she seats herself on the bed in a state of great excitement, while Mrs. Dalton languidly peruses the letter thrust into her hands. ' 1 call it a great impertinence,' she remarks, returning to Dolly. ' Impertinence !' with wide-open oyes. ' Certainly,' and Mrs, Dalton, taking it back, quotes from it : ' ' Though I cannot pretend to offer you the one great passion of a life — sad passages beyond the ken of other mortals have tarni shed the pure luster which once surrounded my soul as with a halo — yet, if you will take a heart weary with the sorrows of the ages, dimmed by the darkling doubts with which an intimsfe knowledge of humanity clouds the spur, take me to your tender breast and let me find shelter there from life's griefs and disappointments. What recompense a heart blighted as mine ha3 been can bestow I will strive to make to your angelie sympathy and goodness.' ' ' Is it not beautiful ? ' cries Dolly, in an ecstasy. ' I wonder what he means ? I sup pose some horrid woman throw him over once ? ' ' I think it. is exceedingly impertinent, and I hope you will resent it..' ' Resent it ! ' almost shrieks Dolly. ' Why, it is a declaration ! ' ' Get me my blotting-book off the table,' commands Mrs. Dalton resolutely. 'Now,' she says, beginning to write, ' y-n will answer it in this way or I wash i;q of you, and to-morrow he will have reduced you to abject misery again.' She writes hurriedly for a few minutes, an then, with heightened color, reads the draft aloud : Dear Mr. Lascelles — I have received your melancholy letter, and am truly sorry for all you seem to have suffered. But, for my part, I look upon the world as a very pleasant place, and have made up my mind to enjoy myself as much as possible ; so, as I could not console you, and you, with the ideas you express, would make me miserable, I tbiuk you had much better look for some body whose temperament is more like your own. I suppose you mean me to understand that you have been much more in love with some_one elso'.than yon are with me, which, to say the least, is not very flattering. No ! I must have an undivided heart, or none at all. Your sincere friend. D. S. There is a desperate fight between Mrs. Dalton and Dolly before the latter can be persuaded to copy and forwaid what she considera a heartless and flippant missive. In the endpiarian triumphs. Mr. Lascelles does not appear at breakfast, and Dolly, though ner soul quakes within her, laughs and talks to Dick. Liter in the'morning, when they are play- iug lawn tennis, Clement Lascelles, feeling much smaller than he had ever done in his life, seeks counsel from Mrs'. DA ton. "With an angelic smile she alternately brickeUiim with daggers and makes him gulp down bowls of poison; but shedoes him an ex cellent turn by taking a; good deal of non sense out of him. Ho confesses that he adores Dolly. How," Oh how, is he to win her? Has he the ghost of aohance ? Mrs. Dalton, looking "solemn, "declares her inability to reply to'this. She hiuts at Dolly's youth aud love of amusement. She hints, too, at Dick's unflagging good spirits and temper. And toe upshot of it is that whon Dick returns crestfallen," from'jbia afternoon ride with Dolly, having spoken and received his answer, dement Lascelles carries off the young lady to her boudoir on pretence of wanting to be shown something, and, replac ing the melancholy of 1 Hamlet ' by the con quering airs of young 'Lovelace,' takes her in his arms, swears he has been a fool, and has never really loved any one but her sweet self, and that if she accepts him her shali bo one round of pleasure. Twenty minutes later, Dolly has passed on all lus embraces and more to Marian. 'How clever you are, darling!' she says admiringly. ; To which Mrs. Dalton replies, . ' Now you know how to manage him niake pood use of your knowledge.' — London World. 