fff [?] j-5sst"'- tefiiaSidtoaari ftfaan io»; nrTRSirfift F-'"- fitttastio IfllsSg'SSsISi'B: wining »m iill lllW. But 'Her — W " tie - dead PM» ixx<7 , 1" fla.(Mrfi). Saner, taH tad ftaae, ': SnjflQO lie mart on tim lawn/and Mmfliiwe J -a Jam » ?«S«tan entfaa look, »"««» . ; jux&iy-; Sbew.waa J»«l edeae Mine \- '" wmeUunft with aetick in oesluuid hand iW nrtirr in lie panta' pocket ' - , ta on mfeulce. "It" ia ChaiS (toil. XUctiaft about lth eon?. " >' lie aa -en the look oat for sew ad- vertimcent gv, waa Harold Aahton, and S?red. Duvll wm pnttiog it »U en Cardigan. . J mincle my tears irilh thine, -dear eoy. yea, the (Oge had a bad time, and ttee «u envy, -it net _ malice. «l»at H» tailor erho vn shoving hit book yitn ££000 to the good over the Sop. And eo Saturday nigbt teas qnietiit ibe nutcesss bar, and everyone ma quoting cTmbo! phrases apropos to the races. Although you hare lost a bit the 11 ghost sraUaxTra Monday, and I'm going to refer to matter touc&iiKYonrpxketB.; Next Sunday HVisMtal Hnnflnr. Kn mt dtmare llO DSOluC more beholden to the hospitals everywhere than the dramatic profession Borers as Kre, few ot tbem keep bouse, and tram their proverbial improvidence, and their fre quently bung unemployed when they are stricken down, the hospital u Inevitable, Ada Ward did eomelhuifr, and Essie Jeoyns did covcliutf, but i can't remember anything very liberal being recently riooe for our hospitals. So, ooen your pockets. Van who dear yonr hundreds a week 5 ye who jjet your LIS, your L20, your Zd3 a week <pen them widely. All of you, down to the aspiring call boy, give your raite. Actor are not great church-goers, so let me 'suggest that the treasurers of the different places of amuse ment have next Monday at treasury a box — it may only be a cigar box— on the pay-over counter, and that intimation ot the fact ue put on the treasury notice. Says Warner to me as we ran against each othrr behind the scenes at the Royal the other night, "Splendid— splendid business, myboyl" And there's no doubt about it "Hands Across the Sen" has gut a grip of the people, and they are flocking in force to have a look at r.iic drama. - How long it trill pin I don't know, but I fancy it will hare to give war one of these nights to Captain Swift or Tbc Aoble Vagabond. However, you'll sec. If Mufrove isn't satisfied with the success of the initial performances of bis operatic re vivals then lie's a discontented beggar wid de serves t>) lose all his bets on the Melbourne Cup. Hut I don't think bea dissatisfied , at tiny rate he was in high spirits on Saturday night when wc stood at the back of the dress cinJc, And why shouldn't he? Why. the bouse was crantmed chock-a-block, and by an enthusiastic audience too. Moreover, the- ©l»nra, Olivette, is presented in ns good form as ever it was— better in fact thnu ever I taw in it in London or elsewhere. If there's xmo thing about Musgrovo it's this— lie will have his pieces presented in a complete farm, and sometimes I think that he puts uioro juoru'V on them than lie should. Of course thai his business : I only sit and admire his i p'rit. Nellie Stewart is about as big a public favorite as ever 1 came across, and she did get u reception on Saturday. Hut the lassie wasn't iu her best form, and she didn't sing up to her highest standard. Still she did very, very weil.and had her friends at her feet. And didut she look serumptuous ? What ? fair Nellie Stewart 1 Rare Nellie Stewart 1 Accept the homage ot a true heart. In skirts yoa ore divinely fair— In tighte. Yc (gallery) gods I Bat there. _ .She plays Olivette charmingly. Then Fanny Liddiard ! She's nice and neat and pleasant to listen to. Lcumaine returned from the Tfegious of the wattle barks as musically as ever he did, although he hasn't a big sbow in the tenor rote. Howard Vernon Is S£& the "best Duke I have wen, but still be ie facetious and fantastic; white Teddy Eqycs is about at his level wont as an idiot, and luiight Aston ' gets through the marine- part lunpingly. Gordon has -done -fiOtpe excellent settings ; and that staircase scene and the ship new—' barring the curve in the perspective — ore things he can be con gratulated upon. The chorus arc competent, the orchestra equal to the occasion, and the dresses attractive. A change of programme on Saturday week— Mikado. Successful indeed is the revival of Sophia at the Bijou. There was a crowded house on Saturday, and on Monday the nudience was as numerous as it was appreciative. The pomcdy is revived with all its former comple renew, and I think a strengthened cast. There are three changes in Hie utter- Miss Gilmour lends more weight to the part of Sophia than her predecessor ; Mr Laurence is an intelligent Bhfel ; and Mr Frank Stephen son makes n most premising first essay. The piece should run a fortnight at any rate, This from a New York theatrical paper of Stl) September : — When Dion Boucicault was in Australia he went through a marriage cere- 'tnony with rather on attractive yuan? woman known on the stage as Louise Tborndyke. Afterward she was called Mrs Boucicault. The pair are apparently very happy together even 'yet At the time of the Australian wedding, Air Boncicault6 daughter, Nina, was still with liSnv Sim nil, an nevntfidlv attached to her own mother, whom Mr Boucicault had left in 'London, that she left her father in Australia and started in to earn her own living. 8bchae done so ever since. At the first performance of " A Legal Wreck " at the Madison Square Theatre the other mghtL the heroine was played |»y Miss Kina Boucicault In a front seat sat Xfion Boucicault and Mrs Louise Thorndyke Boucicault. They applauded the young actress "throughout the play. Dozens of people have given me a corroborat ing word about what I said last week regard ing the nuisance and annoyance that were al lowed to congregate about the Opera House. And I'm glad to say that those in the manage ment hare taken the tip. On Saturday there pverca couple of constables on duty, and there Wasn't a bookie standing about. They were all huddled ia the bar, ;,?d looking miserable over peing chucked frooi what they considered their hereditary ami happy hunting ground. So these who y&ht; to toe fremiti of tbe Italian opera, --git there in safety and in peace. ado, mina you, we/ woe many. In fact, tbe little active impres- sario ought to to extremely happy over .the flattering — and I use tbe word in its strict, 'critical sense— reception given to his latest im- i>oriations. There he bod his dress circle crammed— no seats for a poor beggar like my self ; tbe stalls woo about crowded, tbe pit was full, and there was a fair cprinkling in the upper circle and the gallery. ' And wasn't it a most- kindly, a most applauding audience, too? Bather. I'm nob such a "darned little fool" as to play the Dogberry deal by cxpreeriug a decided definite opinion 'about the new crowd, ( but I'll tell you my first impressions— If " they're lets good they're not better Hum tbe last lot. Of course I'm only speaking of those I heard on Saturday. Of the others I know nothing. But there Is one thing I must say right here. tWith a certain gentleman, well known in ingif»nT circles, I was talking about the opera Iseason, and we were gpeaktng particularly fbout the'Kuglish company. "Is it got up to Bring out Madame Si monsen's pupils or what?", asked lie. Well, I don't know, but I acquiesced with him in tbe opinion that they bad a petty good show in it Hut to return to my text. Now for the secnad head— the individual performances. To give thegiria a show first let me say that in some rcspecte I like Signorina Ajamo— how many ways I heard that name pronounced on .Saturday night, I don't know— in sam e things. She's a fine big woman, a woman who lias tragic power in ber dramatic composition, and her voice is powerful, but a wee bittoometallic to fall thoroughly melodi ously on tbecar. There's the uukionof stood tenor In Signor Dhm- trcsco. Very shorty bis crop may be, and someivhnt angular lus acting, but he's got a voice— if he only knew how to use it to the best advantage. It has range away up to the coveted C in alt— but was at dear tiff the chest?— and it to wca nd rather pleasing in quality, and he -has a certain way about him and something \- a presence winch I fancy will malm a p\ie of him. Signor Fimazzom J. again with a refreshed voice, but bis voice, but that "0rn<l ;li>V step of his— first throwing the nJf_vhis body forwaid and then ilregPyP i«S(s— "annoys me very much,' Slcrirsa1" sra'.'Sia-1 trwfie'lS She tmr coadniSt, SwnacLuidliaim, ISatoy these ItBm tat m air tsmunsag. fitauRdw ilta inst'thmam and fiead off: the new man keeps wM fiririy utiefly, cut be gira bath arms a dwv, and be doesn\ spue tiwm Aa to tbe mcbestra It Is rapukaUf wood, tat far too heavy for the voire ana fiimousenanudit 'save money or tbe energy In that direction. . Emniiro repeated <» tie Jaet two evcoiififa,- and tonight the Hngtun taowd are <» fox the first lime. Tbe Dampiera are Serbtihg til attention to a dranm founded 00 the Margaret Gatctapole stMy,«adatiiled An taSdi Ian. It goee well mraugfa In its way, and Inly and dad are the big people in it. BiHip baa a grmt lag drer, Wlih coat that's black and white, And everywhere it follows him, Gept when he's out at night. Once again Hie twins and their .Toddlers are w in our midst Tbts time they have tdren up theirquarteraattheAthensram, and they are giving on eye and ear attracting show. 1 like the way that stage is done up with Its plants, and its tamps, and its fountain, and its waterfall. It's fine and cool and refresh ing, The programme pat forward is novel, and the audience enjoy it very much. Busi ness hi good. w irurs circus opens up in toe enclosure m Swans ton street to-morrow evening. I'm told : they hare made arrangement for a first class show, a "convocation of oreuie artists" in fact, and that they expect to "go big licks." I hope so. The "Brook" goes on nt the St. George's ripplingly. Fan fine ; bouses huge. Ko more at present . I like to speak gently of tbe Victoria; not in an Ashton. (See it ?) But, however, they hare a very enjoyable two hours' eboiv this week. Billy Whitburn, the Victoria Hall favorite, is about to trot out some new specialties, writ ten, as per usual, by Fat Finn. By the way, tbe latter pious individual, judging by the versifying he has been guilty of lately, should he iust About hmnninir to nlovcnm into ft bur. 1 cessful land bcomer. Both Biltv and Pat are a pair who, iu their own line of business will take a heap of wiping out, aud the coming novelties should bo something out of the com mon. Ah ! Fat, ye'll come to a bodFin(n)is— end Fincan. Sinbad is to be the subject of tlic Eoyal pantomime. . . What's become of Miss Bloisc Juno ? We ought to see her on the boards. Can't somebody get up 6otc1i revivals with her, Johnuy Gouiiay, Hob Ken nedy an' ithers i' th' cast ? . . The Lynch Family of Bellringcrs nro haviug a good time of it round abcut. , . Liddj is off arrangingq t our for Miss Adelaide Detchon. . ThoHiscock-Friedmsn crowd come ircm Adelaide, do Ballarat and Soudhuret, and then open in the Hibernian Hall here. « Hugo and his minstrel show sailed for Tasmania on ilondav, and go on to Hew Zealand, The Hicks-Sawyers Minstrels do New Zealand shortly. . Over there Clarke's All Star lob are booming. » , Amy Sherwin is giving concerts in Sydney. Ou Saturday Hand B play In Chancery at the Sydney Cri. . Garriu Swain is prospering at the Sydney Royal. My Adelaide " pal" chocks this off bis chest ; —There is no doubt whatever that the near approach of the Melbourne Cup and the actual existence of the Melbourne Exhibition is materially affecting the " shows" m Adelaide, Tbo attendances at the Theatre £030! and thepastthreeweeks,notwHbfit&nding; the attrac tions were good enough to draw better bouses. Every week all excursion train has been leav ing Adelaide for Melbourne for some time post, and these trains average 400 passengers, which means at least a tenner apiece, or L4000 going over the border. Fred Hiscocks is returning to Melbourne disgusted ; George Barrel I is trying his luck at Broken Hill; and Bland Holt is putting the best face he can on it, and pro ducing a succession of pieces at the Royal. Melbourne this season is on octopus, whose feelers ore tar outstretching to feed the centra- month, and all outside places must feel tbe cl f ecu of its capacious maw. 