Miscellaneous. . ,;?:;;:;/; ' THE LATEST SECT. ' ' ' ' ! ', '? Thb New and Latter House of Israel' is the name of a religious sect which is represented in Christchurch. Its leader, Mrs. Esther Jezreel, died recently at Chatham, England, thereby inflicting a heavy blow on the cause. According to a wonderful theory held by this sect she had no business to die at all. She was the divinely appointed prophetess of a new dispensation, one feature of which was the gathering together of the one hundred and forty-four ?,, thousand who were to be sealed out of all nations. Incredible as it-* mav appear, enormous sums of money have been obtained for the , purpose of erecting a huge building for the accommodation of the elect. Such a building is in course of erection, and as the money is not yet all Bpent, the cause is likely to last, notwithstanding such, a ??? serious departure from the programme as the death of its leader, some time longer. But as the British Weekly says, 'it is likely 4hat : the enormous structure which is being reared as a preliminary to a building still larger will remain as the monument of an abandoned delusion.' — N.Z. Exchange. The Salvation Abmy.—' Sensationalism, with all its perils and all * its puerilities, is in the spirit of the age. Theologically it is Puritanism, passionate, peripatetic, cantatoryj summing up its creed in a trisyl labic question, 'Are you saved?' and a monosyllabic answer— the monosyllabic of God, indeed, like this of man — i.e., ' Yes.' But man's monosyllabic rests in self; God's' Yes' is the Personal Christ, the Amen.' ADAPTATION OF THE PbAYEB-BOOK TO MODERN NEEDS.' — In a speech on this subject at the Manchester Congress, Mr. Foxley suggests the following for use in schools and misBion-roomB as a help to the better understanding of the Apostles' Creed in the Prayer-book version :— ' I believe in God the Father Almighty, Maker and Euler (iravro Kpdropa) of heaven and earth : And in Jesus Christ, His only equal Son (Gal. iv. 6), our Lord : Who became man through the Holy Ghost and the Virgin Mary; Suffered under Pontius Pilatef , Was crucified, dead, and buried ; He went among the spirits of the dead ; The third day he rose again from the dead ; He went up into heaven ; He sits at the right hand of the Father ; He shall come to judge the living and the dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost ; The Holy Church for all nations ; The Fellowship of Christians ; The Forgiveness of Sins; The Resnrrection of our Bodies; and the Life eternal. Amen.' 