Epitome of News. New- Zealand mutton imported frozen into England is reported to be superior to English mutton, and purchasers are agi tating .for the branding of the meat so as to Avoid being deceived. A Chinese vegetable hawker made a most savage attack on a young girl at Glebe"point the other day, because she complained of short weight. The brute Almost severed one of the girl's fingers with a knife. The Australian team of cricketers have •commenced practice in England, and the London Spoetsman cautions the English ^players against holding them too lightly. The total coBt of wood-paving carried out by the Department of Works in the ■ city of Sydney up to the end of last year was £120,591 5s. 5d. Mr. Matthew Burnett, temperance lec- | -turer, concluded his mission at Bega on .Monday sight last. 233 pledges and 420 •blue ribbons were taken during his stay rikere. A public baptism took place in the Bre mer River, on Sunday afternoon last (says the Q. Times) and attracted a great deal of attention, there being a large number -of spectators on the North and South -sides of the stream in the vicinity (about .200 yards beyond Hancock Bros.' saw xnills). Proceedings were commenced by by devotional exercises, and, after read ing a small portion of Scripture, Mr. -George Grove (of Melbourne), devlivered a most powerful address, which was at tentively listened to by the majority of those present. At the conclusion of his remarks, a hymn was started, at the water^i "^dge, and Mr. Robert Simpson took up a positiou in the water. At short intervals' the candidates stepped out and were immersed in the river, being thus baptised "in the name of the Father, of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost." There were five women and nine men who thus openly testified to their faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and each as they stepped •out on to terra firraa once more (whilst their brethren sang some sweet tunes) were warmly grasped by the hand, and immediately entered two small tents ■erected on the shore whence they soon re Appeared with dry garments on. After all of the candidates bad been baptised, a ■couple of hymns were sung, prayer was ■offered, and the gathering dispersed. A wheat farmer in South Australia (says the Advertiser) who until last year had occupied his land for six years with .an average return of only 4 bushels per Acre, the highest yield being only C bushels jper acre, finding this would not do, laid .a pretty thick layer of Btraw on 25 acres And ploughed it deeply. He then carted from the adjourning creek the refuse ■which had been washed down by floods, .and put on a layer of this as a top dress ing to the ground. The result wa3 that from the 25 acreB treated in this way he reaped this year between 15 and 1G bushels per acre, while on the land im mediately adjoining the return was only -4 bushels. His Honor Judge Murray says that perjury is terribly prevalent in New .South Wales, and thinks that all judges .and magistrates should, by an amendment ■of the statute, be empowered to adminis ■ter the oath to witnesses, for such a course ■would be more effective. At the Central Police jCourt, the other imorning, Jane Crouch, alias Kelly, and William Dole, were charged with having Assaulted one Albert Messiah, with intent ■to rob him. The evidence showed that •whilst the prosecutor, a powerfully-built young islander, was passing across Hyde Park, about 2 a.m., he was set upon by the male prisoner, who knocked him; ■down. The female and several men then knelt upon him, and commenced rifling his pockets. Upon his commencing to shout, the woman rammed one of her fingers into his mouth, whereupon the .prosecutor bit it completely off. His as -sailants then made off, and were captured later on at the Infirmary, where the .-female prisoner and her husband were having their wounds dreBsed. Neither of j them had anything to say, and they were . committed for trial. Subsequently a man .named John J£elly, who had been stand ing in the body of the court listening to the evidence, was identified by Messiah . as one of his assailants. He indignantly denied the accusation, but the prosecutor ;assured the Bench that, if examined, se veral teeth-marks would be found on him, for he had been bitten several times whilst -struggling. He was removed to the cells, where an examination showed that he was badly bitten on the breast, and that a mouthful of flesh had been bitten from one of his arms, which was tied up with hospital bandages. The evidence being ] conclusive, he was also committed to take his trial. i Oil the occasion of the laying of (he i -foundation stone of the Quirindi School J of Arts, the Minister for Public Instruc- j tion, when addressing the various Public i Schools assembled, gave a quotation from i Scripture, and intimated that he would .award a prize, to the boy or girl, who would find it out, and have it first in his hands. We (Gazette) are pleased to learn that Miss Grace Hannaford, of Fair view Public School, has been a successful competitor. Accompanying a very hand some book, of which the hon. gentleman is the author, he forwards a very kind let ter, saying bow pleased he was to receive Miss Hannaford's letter, and compliments her very highly on her tact, neatness in letter writing, and evident proficiency in Biblical knowledge. It must be gratify ing to the young lady to receive such re cognition from the hon. gentleman, and we are Bure such warm enconiums of pro ficiency as are contained in the letter, will be highly appreciated, seeing they come from the head of the Educational Depart ment. Misb Hannaford has also been suc cessful in gaining prizes in other recent competitions. Sergeant Ewing, of the Gunnedah po lice, has made application for permission •to retire from the service, be having com pleted his term of thirty years in March last, but the department wish him to re main until he reaches'the age of 60 years, which will entail on him another i wo years service. Very strong disapproval of the practice of endeavouring to obtain statements from prisoners, which is resorted to by the police on some occasions, was ex pressed .by his Honor the Chief Justice daring the hearing of the alleged child murder case in the Supreme Court, Wel lington, on April 13th. During the course of his evidence, Chief Detective Browne produced a piece of sewn linen whieh he bad taken from the house where Clara Fong Cbong, the female prisoner, had been living. It was shown that the sewing was extremely bad, and expert evi dence was tendered by the prosecution to prove that some work which the accused had done while awaiting trial in the Ter race gaol bore a great similarity to the sewing on the linen produced by Chief Detective Browne. The matron of the gaol was subjected to a very severe cross evamination by Mr. Jellicoe, who wished to know from her whether it was usual to give prisoners awaiting trial work to do. She replied that she had told the accused to do the work under the direction of the governor of the gaoL His Honor subse quently expressed the opinion that the work was given to the prisoner for the purpose of obtaining evidence, and he considered such a proceeding highly im proper. There could be no doubt, his Honor proceeded, that it had been done so that it could be used agaiust the pri soner—for the purpose, in fact, of making evidence against herself. His Bonor was not aware that the English Court had yet come to that. He went on to say that in some parts of New Zealand he had seen most startling attempts on the part of the police to extract statements from pri soners. He had not observed much of it here, although he believed that it was practised to a certain extent in this dis trict. Bishop Pearson is said to be so men tally afflicted that he cannot resign the See of Newcastle. As he is not declared to be absolutely insane, it was decided, at the meeting of the Newcastle Synod on Thursday, to endeavour to obtain his of ficial resignation and to deduct £300 a year out of his successor's salary for the benefit of the retired Bishop. The following are the concluding sen tences of a leading article in last Satur. day's D. D. Gazette against Sir Samuel Griffith :—" The time has come for the people of Queensland to shake off the yoke. We do not believe in the policy of Sir Samuel Griffith, but we believe less in the man. He is proud, haughty, im perialistic in his ideas and aspirations ; he is spiteful, vindictive, we had said well nigh blood-thirsty where a political rival or opponent is to be put out of the way ; with all the harduess of a despot's heart he had no ear for the dying wretch who asked to have the irons removed from his tortured limbs that he might die in peace. We have no love for a man like that. Self-conceited, hypocritical, pharisaical, with all the viciousness of the viper, and subtlety of the serpent, he is in every way offensive. He never could be the leader of any but slaves, creatures, and tools ; noodles and nincompoops, must always compose the greater part of his following. Is Toowoomba then going to bolster up the cause of this man ? Are we to lend ourselves to his autocratic designs for all time to come ? Another five years! Good Heavens ! When is it to end ? Has Grif fith the Ancient any more sons like this? Then let us pray !" A deputation representing the Munici palities of the colony waited upon the Premier on Friday applying for an in crease in the subsidy for 1888. Sir Henry Parkes promised to bring the matter be fore the Cabinet for Monday. An example of the use and necessity of communication between passengers and driver was (says the Daily Telegraph) afforded in the express train on Tuesday. Between Bargo and Picton Lakes pari of the ironwork connected with the brake of one of the cars became disconnected while the train was travelling at a fairly good speed. One of the passengers (Mr. T. Loveridge) communicated speedily with the driver of the engine by means of the electric bell, the train being brought to a standstill in its own length, and the heavy ironwork, measuring 10ft. or 12ft. long, ; removed, thus enabling the train to pro ceed with safety. There was quite a unique gathering at the recent anniversary services of the Wesleyan Church at Blenheim, New Zea land. Fourteen ladies and gentlemen sat down to table, whose united ages totalled over 1000 years. Seven arrived in the co lony in 1842. The ages of one married couple totalled 152 years, another 140 years, and the oldest member of the ga thering was 82 years. A party of the Salvation Army officers, including Colonel Barker, Major Wright, and Staff Captain Hendy, visited the brothels in Albert-street, Brisbane, on Wednesday ; but except in the instance of a house in Margaret- street, where there were several drunken sailors, everything was found to be comparatively quiet. The impression carried away by the Vic torian visitors was that the slums of Bris bane are not to be compared with those of Melbourne. In the course of the round one girl was rescued and sent to the Sal vation Army Rescue Home, and several other girls were spoken to, and the way paved for future visits, with the object of inducing them to amend their course of living. 