The -first Xntcrviev Recorded pnt|xe phonogrrapb. iTbe interview recordedjbelow is the fint of ita kind ever, published. " Interiewing made. Easy" would have bsen as appropriate t titieae the above, for here ia an interview wherein the interviewer had 'so work to do, beyond the propoundling of hi* questions.' The Interview at an •end—and when interviewer and interviewed had quitted the room in which the phonograph was — the phonograph itself dictated to the typewriter all that had been spoken; and a few hours later a faithful report of the conversation, in MLS. form, was placed in the interviewer'* hands. These few lines of introduction apart, the interviewer himself was not oalled npon to use pen .or .pencil .throughout. How, then, was thik achieved ? " I will tell jon what," said Colonel GonraDdf When I asked him for half an hour's talk on the subject of the first perfected phonograph, received by hitn from Mr Edison, the inventor, a ceuple of -weeks ago: " We *tll, if you like, do something novel in the way of an interview. I will show you -what the phonograph can do, and what It is going to do for journalists in the fatnre. Here it is before us : speak your questions into it, as I will my Answers. When we have finished talking, I will hand the instrument over to my assistant. The phonograph, speaking in our own voiceB, shall dictate oar conversation to him when we are no longer present, and the typewriter shall assist him to furnish yon with the" necessary notes." Well, we did our interview in this .way. ' 1'think we may say, Colonel, without boasting, 11 that the interview we are just commencing iB unique of its kind. It is, I believe, the first time in the history of journalism that a conversation of this sort has taken place through the instrumentality of the phonograph ?" " Yes; and yours is the distinction of being the first journalist to perform the •great act.'" " I am fully sensible of the honor. This; however, suggests uses of the phonograph whioh I fanoy have not hitherto been thought of. Pray tell tne to what extent you think the phonograph will serve the needs of journalism in the immediate future. I mean, as to the saving -of time and of manual labour to the journalist." " Ton are not qnite right in saying that these uses have not before been thought of, as the field of usefulness to whioh yon refer has always been prominently in mind. What yon are now doing is, nevertheless, the first realization in that direction. Ton are doing your professional work, 1 may say, without working at all. You see you have but to think your thoughts and utter them at your own will." " Well, yes ; this is, I am bound to say, the most comfortable interview I have ever assisted at. At this rate, interview ing bids fair to become the most luxurious branch of the journalist's profession. But it is not every journalist who will possess his own phonograph for some time to come, I'fear." " It will be every journalist's own fault if he doesn't, because it is intended to place the phonograph within the reach of < verybody who can appreciate and utilize its powers." " Will not the phonograph be a luxury too, as the stenographer and the typewriter, now are, unless it can be put upon the market at a very reasonable cost. Has Mr Edison settled that point as yet ?" "That point has been carefully considered, and due means to tbe all-desired end provided. Thire is a way of doing it, and, I may say, only one way." What is that?" " By providing for tbeir manufacture npon proper principles—namely, through the erection of suitable works, and upon a scale commensurate with the demand. Anticipating that this will be world-wide in its largest sense, Mr Edison has been engaged for some time past in the preparation, and I may say invention, as well as manufacture, of special toolB and machinery, with which to make the different parts of tbe apparatus by what may be called automatic machinery, and so that all the parts will be interchangeable. Each separate piece may thus be made by the thousands, so that skilled labor will be required to but a email extent. Although Mr Edison has secured this invention by numerous patents in all partB of tbe world, and I may Bay more widely than for any of lm other inventions, he has expressed his intention of relying more upon the method he will pursue in its manufacture and distribution, to secure him ag»inBt all com - petition, should any appear, than upon the patents themselves." " Is it a fact that yon here, on Beulah Hill, are now in daily conversation with Mr EdiBon in New York by means of this identical instrument we are nsing ?" " Yes. I have not written him a line since this machine arrived. Every mail carries to him a phonogram which contains a record of what I think may interest him. There, lying before you, is the one destined for tbe next steamer. Here iB a copy of its contents. Tbe phonogram you see has a surface of only seveneighths of an inch wide, six incbeB long, and is scarcely thicker than a sheet of good English notepaper. It contains what would cover about four pages of notepaper, or to be precise, 172 words exactly. You must understand that with regard to tbe ' mailing phonograms' we are still experimenting with a view to determining as to the best form and material in which to make them for use by the public. We are keeping a careful record of materials, and the route, that iB, tbe geographical route, taken by each in reaching Mr Eiison. I am sending them to bim by various routes round the world, so that they shall pass through all climates and conditions of handling. To-morrow's mail carries out those phonograms addr«>SBed, as you see, to New Zealand, to Australia, India, China, Japan, and 8outh America. Those passing through the Bed Sea and across the Equator will be so marked. They are addressed to my friends at different points, who will forward them to Mr Edison. He will then see whether the record is perfectly intelligible, thus demonstrating whether the material of which the phonogram is made stands tbe various viciBBitudes of travel and climate. He will then return them to me for tny information." " To go back for a moment, there is a general impression that a phonographic record once made can be only once repeated.. I mean that the phonograph could only speak off a particular record a single time; but I understand that tbe cspabilities of this perfected instrument are much greater. What am 1 to understand is the extent of its powers of repetition, and are tbe records to any extent permanent ? n "That is rather a question of the phonogram than of the phonograph. We do not know what the endurance of the phonogram is; we have not lived long enough with them yet to find that out; but many of the musical records you have heard have been reproduced some hundreds of timeB ; one in particular, the one yon liked tbe uiOBt, we know to bave been repeated between 800 and 1,000 times, and it does not appear to bave lost any of its powers. Tbe ' speech record* oi greatest value yet made is of course Edison's own renowned ' first phonogram' recorded by me on the 26th nit. That will form No. 1 of tbe first phonographic £tUeiy of tbe voices of tbe greatest of all nations; to inclnde alike, some day, the voiceB of the living and the dead." "Extraordinary! Yours will be a haunted house, in truth." " Yes, but I shall not long monopolize the 'ghosts,' for evrry possessor of a phonograph will doubtless have his album in time." " Do you think the experiments you have referred to in what yon call "muling phonograms," will result in making that form of purely viva voce correspondence possible SB a general practice ?" " There can be no doubt about it. It is an accomplished fact already, as amply demonstrated by tbe communications of that character which have already passed between Mr Edison and myself." " Will not, then, that aspect of its application be of, perbapB, the widest importance on the whole ?" " Very possibly. I may say even probably so, Bince by it the element of social and domestic utility is introduced. Large as is the correspondence of that character already, fanoy how much greater it would be under the altered circumstances when, added to the ease of the operation, is considered tbe advantages and delight, not to say the sometimes punishing power, of the dear familiar voices from afar." " Is this use of the phonograph likely to affect the UBB of the telegraph or the telephone ?" "Only to add grist to their mills, through the inevitable increase of business which invariably comeB of every increased facility. The bearing of this latter phase of phonographic service is rather npon the mail bag and its functions, yon observe and, nnleBB ' Parliament interferes,' tbe phonogram may be cheaper than the now familiar letter, thuB benefiting alike both governments and governed." " Just one more question, if you pleaBe, Colonel. Is there any foundation for the rumor widely current that among other, if possible, yet more extraordinary inventions in progress in Edison's laboratory there is one which concerns the navigation of the air ?" "Yes, that is one of some fifty- five different experiments now going on in the laboratory. I can tell you very little abont it at present, but from information received from Mr Edison himself, I may say that tbe next great revelation of science is likely to be in that direction."— Budget. 