POINTS. Had Hnc. — Seorotary Smith, had him. At a Gbeat Firb —In London thoro were no fire escapes; they had just gonooft duty. Hi3 Exoe iiBMOY. — Goea to tho Ipawioh show. W hat is there to bo aeon ? Eauly in Junb. — In England it anowod at Bulinorol. The full was souio inches doep. EmmcFonn. — Still firing oil booauso thero aro no guns for warships. Would It?— Bo cheaper to issue ' Han- cm d ' once a week. rnorimiy Tax.— Evorybody too poor to pay it. An Accident. — On tho bridge yesterday, lut nothing happened. Fund, DrAP, and Drain. — Annual mooting i n JMoudny. Go and see, hear and spoak. -'ot Liked a Lilti.e Bit.— Jimmy, Soott by Hie Itlntcu Shiro Council. J[«. Bust's A'.cioknt. — Threatens to he most ft) iuiiE. .Tiouwxomi's Si'EBon. — Hado no- converts 01 unurre not. SciiSAl'i'S. — At citj ]-ropeity, very fioroe just iitw. Sunday Labour. — In Gonnanyis very groat, 'l'ious people, too, tho Germans. Ciuiibeb op CojjjiEBoa, — Hud no moetiug ydterday; only a spasm. laws, (ms) Pbice.— Tlio boy who stole the trail- bags. Exoiand's Defence. — Her hearts of oik. IuroBSiBLE. — A new scaro. Eaiii.y to Bed. — Yos, yes ; but not early to lJFO these cold mornings. Boakd op Womcs. — You would think thoy did something. Not eo. PiiOTOOBAnis, — Of the hoavous, very good and numerons now. Nono of the placo when named in tho singular. Foutifyino. — Now South Wales going to add another fort to her defences, and another cockboat to her fleet. Tops op Boildixos — Aro now sot apart as dwellings. How to esoupo in caso of firo is a burning queition. Joey CnAMnaiiLAiN'. — Doubts if ho would bo willing 20 years hence to accopt moro than he is willing to accept now for Ireland. House Rodbeiiy. — Aral murder are now done by gentlemanly- looking fellows during day time in London. 'Deadlock.' — There is said to bo one in tho New Zealand Legislature. Very likely tho lock i* uncommonly lively. Gkamhc. — Alderman Loftwich's description of a certain nuisunco existing on tho loft-hand »ido of tho Edward street ferry approach. Why is This Thus?— Somo of tho Post Offhe officials work seven days a week about 12 hours per day. Expected Sohethinq. — Those Brisbano aldermen on Tuesday for their naughty eon duct on the previous day. They got it, too. Pbess of Business. — Poor old Parkes can not go to Melbourne becauso of press of busi ness. Becoming1 old. City Bane. — Sydnoy, 12J per cent. Banks must feel that their occupation is slipping away fiom them. A Pbktty Game. — You includo my street, quoth Courcillor Stack, and then I'll not oppose your motion, Councillor Whito. Alameda Dispute. — Oh, no, there ia no dis pute about the Alumedu, but her case id to bo mrulo a precedent. BucnAXAX.— Could not got half a dozan mou to vote with him ngainst Speaker Young ; bat a good many of them felt with him. VehyNeat Indeed. — Is tho littlo oup and saucer card on which Harper and Co. notify ' new season's tea.' Eably Birds. — Had caught the worm or the whisky this morninjr ; they were rolling drunk in Queen street »t 9 o'clock. Three Gbaoes.— i'ou may soo their heads hinging- out of a window on tho first floor (it Fiuney, Isles, watching for tho arrival of tho head needlewoman. Ha !— Only think that at this lato d*y Eng lund hliould bo iu danger. No one has hurt hor very much as yet. May wo hope for the future ? Complimentary.— For Councillor M'Lcan to fny that if they established a mimuro depot at Enoggcra it would bq somo inducement for tho Government to run a railway thore. Is That Strictly Correct. — Councillor Gibbs's objection to a manure depot at Enog gora because there aro only gentlemen's sites there. Distiess for Rent. — Sot to be abolished in South Australia. What a pity it canuot ba abolished everywhere, for a great many porsons feel that sort of distress, and would bo glad to see it abolished. Ibisii ? Wonders.— Ghosts, giants, pooka?, demons, lepreclmwns, banshees, fairies, witches, widows, old maids, comely women, and othor marvels of tho Emerald Isle, aro tho stockin ti ado from which D. E. M' Anally, Jun., has made up a book. Absent, Yet Present. — The hyporbolio soul of Councillor Forrester at Ithaca yostorday. A worthy successor to this mantle expressed himself us' being 'under tho impression that ho meant to impress' and bo forth. Toby Know Him. — Councillor Boys says Jimmy Scott will make tho Ithaca Counoil refund his election deposit, and then as a rate payer compel them to reimburso tho amount to the shiro from thoir own pockets. 