fDMscelUmeous; Two Kirnls of Courage, General Porter Shows Which Variety Is Entitled To Moat Praise. General Horace 'Porter contributes an article to the Century on " The Philosophy of j Courage," from which we quote sis follow# : : " Indifference to danger is not always the form of couraee which should entitle it pos sessor to the highest credit. It is a negative virturc.as compared with the quality which ] enables one to perform a dangerous duty while realising the full measure of the perii encountered. "These two traits are best illustrated by the old story of the two soldiers whose regi ment was charging up a hill in a desperate attempt to capture a battery. When balf^ way up, one of them turned to ths other and said: ' Why, you're as pale as a sheet; you look like a ghost; I believe you're afraid.' 1 l'es, I am,' was tb« answer ; ' and if you were half n3 nrnch afraid as I am you'd have run long ago.' It is something higher than physical courage, it is a species of moral courage, which recognises the dange^'ana yet overmasters the sense of fear. When the famous mine in front of Petersburg had been completed, and the Xational troops drawn up ready to charge the enemy's works as soon as the mine bad done its work la creating a breach, the signal was given juss before daylight, the fuse was lighted, and the command stood waiting with intense anxiety for the explosion which was I o follow But seconds, then minutes, then tens of minutes passed, and still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and the gloom of disappointment overspread the anxious faces of officers and men. The fuse bad been spliced about midway. It was now thought there was a defect in the splice, and it was at this point that the fuse was bang ing fire. The day was breaking, the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a moment to be lost. Lieutenant Doughty and Sergeant Recs, of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania In fantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered a long dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calcu late the chances of life, calmly exposed them selves to one of the most horrible forms of death With no exeitment to lend them its intoxication, with nothipn^^vert their minds from tbe fate which "seemed to await them, they followed the course of the fuse through the long subterranean passage found the defect at which the spark . bad been arrested, and made a new splice. On their return the match was again applied, and the the train was now prompt to do its deadly work. These men displayed oven a higher order of courage than those who afterwardi charged into the breach." 