?|)iW ||aijp |dqrf$ir. " This is trite liberty, when freeborn men. Having to advisotho public, may speak free." Mu/roH. TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1888. "THE PINAL PLUTTES." THE history of the Parkes Government up to date might be summed up as that o£ a Government much attempting, and accomplishing nothing. When Sir Henry Parkes took office over 12 months ago the State coach was all but crippled, and going down hill at a rate which threatened general disaster. The task before him was, consequently, one of great difficulty, but he was powerfully supported in the House and enjoyed the sympathy of the entire community, for great things were ex pected of him. The Press was with him-even those journals which had previously opposed him on certain points of policy, gave him a general support, and nothing was wanting in the shape of encouragement to assist him in giving effect to his commission. The nature of that commission everyone knows. It was very similar in every respect to that which Mr. (now Sir John) Hall was elected to carry out for the people of New Zealand in 1880, or that which Sir Harrie Atkinson, the present Premier of Moari Land, has been engaged in quite recently. But here all similarity between the posi tions of the New Zealand and New South Wales leading statesmen ter minates. The Hall Ministry at the period indicated were entrusted with a commission to do the homely work of putting the State House in order, and substituting economy for extravagance in the government of the country, and they were content tosimply do their plain duty. The Parkes Government were returned by the people of this colony to perform a precisely similar work, backed up by a powerful following, and the result of the experiment is too well known to need mentioning. It cannot, strictly speaking, be said that the Government have failed in the work they were elected to perform, for " failure " implies " effort " as a condition precedent, and the Parkes Government have never attempted to keep faith with the people in any single particular. Simple negleot of duty has been their crime, and it has characterised almost every political act of their life since they were re turned to power. They certainly reversed the fiscal policy of their pre decessors in regard to the ad valorem duties, but in all other respects they have betrayed the confidence of the electors; and it is just as well that this should be borne in mind. The finan cial question should have been the first dealt with, but it is still in abey ance, and meanwhile the : Government have been piling up legislation which has not the ghost of a show of being carried within a measurable distance of time, with the result that the affairs of the country are in a worse state of confusion now than ever. Among the measures which the Government were " determined to carry," according to Sir Henry Parkes at Wagga only a few weeks ago, was the ? Local Government Bill, which, it was pointed out, would pave the way to the imposition of a tax upon land, as the extension of Local Government would facilitate the collection of ihe tax. At Bathurst, howover, only a short time after the bombastic utter ances at Wagga, the Premier " backed down" as to the Local Government Bill, admitting, in effect, that his post prandium speech of a week or so before was, for the most part, merely " brag." This sort of nonsense, emanating from one in Sir Henry's position, was suffi ciently bewildering; but, as if de termined not to let thp political comedy in which he is engaged flag at all through lack of novelty and surprising situations, he introduces the Land Tax proposal, independently of the Local I Government question-which has been I coolly; put aside for an indefinite ( period-and before the estimates for j the year have been dealt with. What sense is there in this hopeless piling up of work, while the most important Government business is being neg lected. Is it not childish, and worse, to play fast and loose with the country in this way-to make promises one day and break them the next; to go about the country delivering boastful speeches, and almost immediately afterwardB making abject confession of their impotence ? Is there any thing further needed to demonstrate the utter incapacity of this Government ? Truly the indictment is a heavy one which, sooner or later, they will have to answer before the court of public opinion. Our readers do not require to be informed that we favour the imposition of an equitably distributed ;? land tax, though we doubt the power of the Government to carry it at the j present time without interfering with the interestsof the country in regard to other branches of legislation. But we are now considering the general posi tion of things politically, and it must be confessed that the outlook is any thing .bub -promising.; When the Parkes Ministry first assumed office we were prepared to give them what support we could so long as they kept faith with the people in the work which they were elected to: carry out. We had before that consistently opposed Sir Henry Parkes, but in view of the ex traordinary circumstances under which he was returned to power, and the fact that his Government were charged with a definite mission, and pledged to a certain line of action, which it was hoped they would hone3tly adhere to, we recognised that they were entitled to sympathy so long as they remained faithful to their pledges; and as forcibly as we could we pointed out thafcall party feeling should be sunk to enable the Government to perform their onerous task of adjusting the finances, or as it might be put, of reducing chaos to order. But the. Government have tried the patience of their most ardent suppor ters, as witness the debate of last sitting of the Assembly. They have had ample time and every opportunity allowed them, have achieved next to nothing, and have utterly noglected thechief duty they were charged with, and which should have been held as sacred. They began badly, and have gone from had to worse. They have not even the poor excuse of " obstruction " on the part of the Opposition. True, the Premier has endeavoured to shift the responsi bility on to the other side of the House, but the records of Parliamentary pro ceedings are against him. To make | out a case against the Opposition he must first prove his own bona fides, and that is out of the question. The Government are condemned for not doing their plain duo/, for not giving effect to their pledges ; and the Opposi tion cannot be charged with frustrat ing efforts which have never been made. The complaint of the Opposition is pre cisely the complaint of the country from one end to the other, in this re spect, that the Government are ne glecting legitimate business for the purpose of gaining, as they no doubt fondly imagine, political capital in other directions; and on them alone will rest the responsibility for the pre sent extremely unsatisfactory stale of public business. Oan it be that Sir Henry Parkes is, in the language of the turf, going in for " a final flutter." In one sense the Government perform ance has been a "flutter" throughout, resulting in nothing but confusion. If it has been the Premier's aim to asso ciate his name during the last days of his active political career with certain remarkable Legislative achievements, the time was decidedly in opportune ; and unless he has many years of poli cal life before him, he stands a chance of being chiefly remembered as the man of many mistakes, and the victim; of vaulting ambition. THE first football praotice of the season took place on the racecourse on Saturday. A good number ol players turned up and u scratch mutch was played. With four clubs in ex istence in the town, viz., the Mechanics, Waggo, Federals, and Commercials, some exciting contests may he looked forward tD during the coming season. A MEETING W8B held at King's Hotel, Coolamon, on Wednesday, the 2nd inat., composod of representative gentlemen of Coolamon and neighbourhood. The object waB to discueB the necessity for the establish ment of a Court of Petty Sessions at Coolo mon. It was resolved to petition the Minis ter for Justice for the same. ON. Friday afternoon last a lad named ErrieBt Angel, about eight years of age, son i of Mr. James Angel, of Lake Albert, met with o painful accident. Ho was riding by himself in one of bis father's paddooks, when, by some means, he WOB thrown from his horse, and sustained a fracture of the right leg Dr. Tayler, who was at once sent for, at tended with obmmendable promptitude, the fractured limb being set within an hour of the accident. The little sufferer, according to latest accounts, was progressing favour ably.; * THE adjourned annual meeting of the members of the Murrumbidgee.Pastoral and Agricultural Association willbeheld at; he Australian Hotel, to-morrow (Wednesday) evening ot 8 o'clock, when the ballot papers will 1)6 opened for the election of the com mittee forthe current year, this being the principal ?business of the meeting. DR ST. CLAIR LONG notifies in our busi ness columnB that, he has removed from . Westoe House to those premises in Traill stroet. noxt the Advertiser office, where ho may be consulted daily as usual. THE foundation stone of the Convent at Juneo will be laid on Sunday next, the 13th inst., by the Very Rev. Dr. Iianigan, Bishop of tiio Diocese, when the Very Be v. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcauuia, will also pis oide. WE arc requested to mention that Lilley'B String Band Quadrille Assembly. will take place, as UBUal, at the Protestant Hall, to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, commenc ing at 8 o'clock. A SPECIAL general meeting of members of the W agga Mechanics' Institute will bb hold ou Friday, 11th iuat., for the purpose of considering proposed new rules and Mr. Lorimer's motion that a cottage be built at the rear of the Instituto. ON Saturday morning Mr. Lakeman, M.L.A., his family, and servants were re leased from- quarantine. .: The party; pro ceo'ded at once to Sydney.:.. Mn. Hayes, has given notice, of his. in -tehtion to. move; the following important ?amendment in ; the> Land Bill now being discussed in the HouBe :-Page 14, clause 28, line 10, add to :olauBe ' No holder of a pastoral or occupation lease being a holder thereof, either whole or partly for his own I benefit, shall conditionally purchase or con ditionally leaae, or cause to bo held on'his behalf or in his interest, a conditional pur chase or conditional lease on a resumed area, under penalty in every such case of forfeiture of every leaso held by him or on his behalf or in his interest, aud any rent paid in respeot thereof and improvements made thereon.": ; AN American paper writes:-"In the New Jersey Sonate a Bill was introduced on February 14 providing that the death penalty ahull hereafter bo inflicted by electricity. The Act provides that in sentencing a crimi nal tho Judge shall name the week during which tho execution ahull take place ; and in the week so-designated tho Sheriff of the county shall select a day not previously to be made known to auy one except those per I sons allowed to be prcseut at the executions, f These shall he tho sentencing Judge, pro auditing attorney, two physicians, twelve re putable citizens, two clergymeu if requested, and seven Assistant-Sheriffs. The corpse subsequently must be buried with enough quicklime to consume it, or be given up for dissecting purposes. Newspapers are pro hibited from reporting the execution further than a bare montiou of the event. IN tho judgment of the Full Court, in the case of Heid v. Garrett, the points Buttled by the decision were-(a) that payment of rentn hy a Crown lessee on December 31, 1884, did not create a new lease, hut entitled the lessee to a renewal of Uia lease f<>r live years ; (&) that the rent of the leasehold area granted to tho leasee under the Crowu Lauds Act of 1884, wan to be computed and payable from the date of notification in the Government Gazette, and not from the moau daio of the ; determination of tho several leasee. WE (Gundagai Times) understand that a Sydney company has purchased the lca9e of 25 acres at Rrummy's Hill, Gundagai, from Benson and pnrty. This is the lease worked by Katto and party for such a long time, and out of which some splendid gold was obtained. We trust to see" the ground thoroughly worked by the company, as for many years gold has been found at Brummy's Hill, but too hard to get by the individual miner, although no doubt it will return handsome dividends to the company. . WE are' pleased to observe that the half holiday has become a popular and permanent institution in town. The principal stores are closed every Wednesday at 1 o'clock. This concession is greatly prized by the assistants, and bask we believe, the support of the public.-ADV. .' Rough on HATS"-Clears out rats, mice, roaobes, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects skunks, jack-rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists.-ADV. 44 BuoEtJ-PArBA."-Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinury Diseases. At chemists and druggists. Moses Moss aod Co., agents, Sydney.-ADV. 