'REAPING THE WHIRLWIND.' CA STORY OF THREE LIVES), BY MISS E. F. BROOKE. PART II. \- AFTER SEVEN YEARS. CHAPTER XIV (Continued.) Alice's song. So saying, he rose and passed to the window, where Alice was talking with my husband. I saw Helen clench her hands tightly, as if in pain; and then she rose also and came to the lounge where I sat, with my head leaning back against the cushions. I looked up to her and saw that her face was quivering, but that a Imlf-mnRkinrr similn nnnnealpd her amotion. 'You heard nil that ho said1!' she ques tioned. 'Yes,' I answered. ' He will talk like that to me ! Ho did it always in London. I was at the height of my success then, and he never had anything to say but words like these. Come ! it is dinner time.' Helen made as graceful a hostess, and was as attentive to everyone, as usual. Richard and Alice sat by each other, and it was de lightful to witness the lmppy confidence that existed betweon the newly- engaged pair, and also tho deep respect for her opinion on every subject, which he manifested. I could not keep my eyes off her face ; her joy was not an elated joy, it was tranquil, [t reposed, I was certain, upon a deeper pence, just as in lier troubled life she bad learned to repose her anxieties upon the peace which may enfold each one of us if we will have it so. Was she not founded upon a Rock? No winds and storms could shake her ; neither could calm and sunshine make her forget. Several times during dinner I saw Helen's eyes fixed upon the pair with a sad, searching wonder ; oftencst they rested upon Richard's face, staying there, I fancied,' with a look of reproachful perplexity ; then she would droop for a moment into pallor, then rouse herself and renew her ordinary animation. It was apparent to me that this stern, unflattering friendship had become a strong influence in her life, quite apart from any other hopes which she might have entertained as regards him. , After dinner we returned to the drawing rooni. Helen hid set the windows open, and then she went to Alice and begged her to; sing to us. I had not heard Alice sing since we were school-girls together, and I remembered the sweetness of her voice ; but when Helen asked- her to do so on the present occasion, she hesitated, and for the first time in the evening manifested some uneasiness. ...f.'-I cannot, dear Helen!' sho exclaimed, nervously ; 'I am so sorry not to be able to oblige you.' ' Not sing, Alice 1' answered Helen. 'Why, your, singing was so beautiful, your voice' was so sweet !' ' It may have been so. But — dear Helen, spare me now — I was only a girl then, and my Toice needed a great deal of cultivation. I F.:.'.''''have';not been able to obtain it. I gave up singing. I have not had a single lesson since I left Apswich.' Helen stood perfectly silent, staring at her. It was a small incident, but it seemed to reveal, as . nothing else had done, the long years of privation to which Alice had been subjected, the missing even of means to cultivate one of the best talents she possessed. ' Herr Ruge used to say that your best career would be that of a singer, or at least a teacher of music,' said Helen, slowly and with a look almost of stupefaction. , ? ' But my career lias been that of a nursery governess instead,' said Alice, smiling brightly and shaking her head back with a merry look. ' It was because you could not — could not afford — get the opportunity,' began Helen. My heart almost stood still with fear. I » could, not understand the persistent way in which the girl was pressing the point, gazing at Alice with a strange fixity of look ; and as Mr. ICeraball approached at' this moment with a glance of inquiry, I broke into her speech. 'Sing any little simple thing you can, Alice,' I interrupted j 'your voice was sweet enough to give pleasure even without cultiva tion.' 'I had no idea Alice had a voice for sing ing !' exclaimed Richard. ? ' I only know the old, old tunes,' said Alice, still hesitating. ' Sing one, then,' I replied, decisively ; for I feared further conversation on the point. Alice went to the piano, and sitting down began the prelude to one of our old school songs. Helen sank upon a chair, and clasping her hands together gazed steadfastly before her. Richard looked on with amused curios ty, and then Alice began. The song she selected was no other than Chaucer's old verses set to music. She sang them with deep feeling and with religious fervour. I remembered that she had sung them to us a night or two before that dreadful scene in the school-room^ I fancied to myself how the words might have been a support to her throughout her long . years' of trial, how the stern, inspiring phrases might have been sung over and over in moments ot spiritual struggle or physical de pression. I give them as they were given in the song. Fly from tho press, and dwell with Roothfastness ;* ! ? Suffice unto thy good, though it be Btnall ; For hoard hath hate, and climbing tickleness ; Praise has envy, and weal is blent over all.' Saviourf no more than thee behove shall ; Rode} well thyself that other folk shall rede ; And truth thee shall deliver— it is no drede. 1 ? That theo iB sent receive in buxomness : The wrestling of this world asketh a fall. Here is no home, here is but wilderness : Forth, pilgrim, forth ! — beast, out of thy stall ! Look up on high, and thanktS God of§ all. ?Waivtf thy lusts, and let thy ghost|| thi e lead, : And truth thee shall deliver— k is no drede. ' The stern, sweet words, and the lovely music over, a silenoe fell over the room. , No , one even spoke to utter the ordinary thanks. Richard's head was bent as' in thoughtfnl emotion ; and I saw that her singing and her choice of words had aflected him. He was the first to speak. ? ' You havo sung that often before, Alice,' said he, rising and approaching her with his ' deeply respectful air. , ' , ' Often, very often, through many years of my life. But how did you know?' ^?Truthfulness. tRolish-liko. JCounsol. §For. {(Spiritual nature. ? 'By the feeling and force you put into tlie words. Thank you, Alice.' And then he repeated softly twice; 'And truth theo shall deliver— and truth thee shall deliver — it is no drede.' Alice looked up to him. Her eyes were 'deep, and thoy met his. I had no shadow of doubt that ho knew all the story of her life. That night, uneasiness about Helen caused me to tap gently at her chamber door before myself retiring to rest. I found her in her dressing-gown, her fair hair streaming over ber shoulders. The window was open and tho moonlight poured in the room. She sat with her arms leaning upon a table. I caught a glimpse of her listless expression as 1 entered. Sho scarcely moved to give me welcome, nnd coming up to her I laid my hand upon her shoulder. 'Emily !' said she, in a whisper. ' Yes, my dear.' ' If I had been like Alice — good, like she is [ mean — Richard would have married me I' ' Oh, my dear — my dear I'1 I exclaimed ; ' you must not let yourself say these things. You must not think of goodness as bringing earthly reward. It is the heart God asks of us !' ' It is nevertheless true. He was attracted by my beauty. Am I not beautiful ?' ' You are beautiful, Helen,' I replied, lifting a long silken tress in my fingers ; 'but do not say these things. You must not say them now — not even to me.' ' And my beauty, and his aunt's wishes, and the two fortunes that went with me, were nothing when weighed in the balance against Alice's earnestness and religion I' ' Helen,' said I, almost sternly, ' think no more of Richard. Lift your heart to God.' She smiled faintly. It was so wan a smile that the tears rushed to my eyes, and T pressed ?the hand I held. ' I am coinj)ellcd to think of Richard,' said she slowly ; ' if you only knew why I think of him !' ' It is because of things he said to you in London ?' ' Partly. Be sure there were no flatteries. Be sure that he never deceived me. Partly, it is because of what he said.' She rose to her feet, and, with a gesture, made me understand that she wished to be alone. I kissed her, and said ' Good-night !' (To be Continued.) 