COGITATIONS OF A MISANTHROPE. " There is folly in all the world, Or go we east or west: A Colly that vexes the old, . And keeps tjie young from rest.** —REV. J. EAGLES. " You are merry, so am I; Ha! Ha 1 Then there's more sympathy; Yon lore sack, "so do 1. Would yon desire better «y-ipftthy ? ** —FALSTAFP. Seasons of festivity engender scenes of' frivolity; and so church festivals canoot lightly rid tbem of those off-shoots of the carnival which still adhere like a mistletoe despite age and enlightenment. ' *ur n~igh bora—not a day's march fr tn here—were favored with a visit from some roystering blades, who out ot sheer good will, played high jinkK for. their owu delectation, if not for their victim's edification ; and the magistracy failed to strike terror into the hearts of the evil-doers. '"One touch of nature, inakfts," we are told. 44 the whole world kin," and it would se*m as far as youth is concerned,' that one touch *>f horse-play Bhows kinship the whole world over. "cfus," iu his " Roundabout Notes" iu a Birmingham pap- r thus adverts to this lorm of youthful amusement in that city :—*" Folks have, remark ible ideas of facetiousness, but they display a singular wart of oricimlity. Breaking lamps, wrenching off doorknoi&'.rs. taking gates off their hinges, tirring seats * for whispering lovers made,' have served hundreds of addle-pated youths as a stereotyped substitute for wit. A man at Dudley has hit on a new idea, which is not only to the full as stupid as any of the old kickoeyed jokes, but much nastier than any of them. A fellow having acquired a supply ct those choice delicacies, " lights"— not our noisy little iriende " Box o* lights, sir," but such as the butcher provides — quietly approached a man from behind and struck him with them. He explained that this was 'only a j.»ke.* The jokee did not see it iu that light, and the dull-witted joker was fined tweuty shillings and costs. I am glad of it. An tbe old lady said when she beard her son was hanged, * Serve him right; it"'!! "learn him better zgaihst next' time. Though a certain amount of'silliness may lighten existence, we'have at present more than enough. Like the Birmingham jokest the youthsaye, and those of maturer age—in a neigh- boring, picturesquely situated little town, weary of the dull monotonous games and pastimes of an innocent nature, longed for excitement, with a spice of devilry intermixed. like the early crusades they were *~Jhri*tians " — nominal JIO donbt — who. sallied fo til w that C-hristmas eve in coajnncti ni with those spi its of <lai kuess. and the kiug of sport ltd ti.em <>u " What need to follow the devious windings and circuitous ramhlings of the merry host;suffi:r it to say that they had a jolly time. But hark ! a crash as of falliuy glass is heard on the c lm nitrht air, ^nJ the swift scuffling of many fe>-t " fleeing from the wrath to come,". which p»esently appears in the person of a -T.p. who cautiously peers like a weasel disturbed from his lair, then silently glides like a ghost in the wake of the revel-re. who iittle nsi that Nemesis is on their track Who has not reia of Gov raw Jervoise, of' \'cir Zealand, and his experiences ac the close of the late session ot Parliament there ; flitting about the precincts of tbe House wearily waiting' for the obstructionists to succumb so that he might sign tbe bills that were passed and retire to hU conch ; Teliittiot.v succumbing himself aad receiving the messengers of the House in his own room, and in the snowy robes of night giving the vice-regal sanction to the bills pa-fied ? 1 can go one better. Well, picture to yourselves. gentle readers, the chief magistrate of a rural village cad in the vestments of Adam going in quest of those who awoke him and his family from a paradise of dreams amid tbe crash of plate glass and to find a missile iu tlie shape ol a broken tumbler coming smack on the bed. The like wonld be, sufficient to act as a stimulus on any ordinary mortal, far less fetching a "Jay Pay." Kever were mortals more astounded than were those " jolly dogs " at the sight of this apparition stalkiug into their midst Talk of confnsion worse confounded," well here was an instance ; in the augustpresence the jovial eparks were thoroughly abashed, bnt lost BO time in coming to ttrm» Hi ! presto! the scene is changed. "One more unfortunate!" Tell it net in ! I Wonld yon believe it 3 The first batch were credited with reslrainiug tbe second. Poor old—well, not " Simon the Cellarer"—and his friends had partaken rather freely of the wine until some of them had goue umier th< uibie, Atiihiiig could dio-uade those '* Christmas Waits" from their drastic remedy of applying bucket after bucket of water to restore the fainting forms of those bacchanalians - but those tropical Bhowers restored not consciousness to the sleeping beauties. However, the arrival of the *' man in blue " restored to consciousness the administiators of hydro lathy, and as none were licentiates of that order the "iieak" had to adjudicate on IK^IUI theprofessioH Case dismissed. A reminiscence occurs to me of a scene that happened during the fifties- It was the anzjiveisaiy of the Queen's' Birthduy, and great preparations were made to eclipse all former efforts in bnilding np and collecting the material for' a huge ** bonfire," which was to be the piece de resistance at night. The volunteers made the surrounding hills reverberate by firing volleys of blank cartridges and tbe brass band discoursed mar, ixl airs, while the rowdy element among the populace improved tbe occasion by shouting ont" A Hat! A Hat!! A Hat!! !" when any gent would appear on the scene wt-aring a bell topper, whereupon a rush would be made for the wearer and his 4s 9d sent sky- high, then kicked and b ittered out of all shape. A strange way, certainly, of doing honor to their Queen! When the bonfire was lit at night at "The Cross," as the market square was termed, the' tar barrels and other inflammable matter burned U> fiercely that it was thought it would give out too quickly, hence foragers went in qhest of - unconsidered trifles to keep up the blaze. One party returned with a set of wooden harrows, which were consigned to the. ; others appeared' with 'empty' hogsheads, and one company-were so bereft' of their Benses that they endeavored to drag an old dray, but were prevented .sacrificing it to Moloch.. I hesid afterwards > that a party, of four had endeavored to carry away bodily a nameless wooden bnilding of con> venience, bnt the owner being inside at the time requested to be let out, whereupon they left their burden and fled ! "Com in Agypt boys, hoald your whist We drank ten bot'1^6 yesterday, only the four of ns ; see that now !" "Ten bottles of what? " " Brandy be jabeis, and had it nate too," and off he rolls to Moscow—so he said. I notice Bedesdale boasts of a Champion bottle drainer. - Twenty bottles, so it was stated. Bottles of what? Water, eh ? Rather! [recollect hearing of an individual who- could not foe prevaied on to eat a sausage. Oh bong' pressed' for the reason why, this was-the piaio unvarnished tale he told;:—" In phe sixties 1 was working in a place 1 called the Quarries—peraaps you have heard of Bnch a plaCe." I assented, t hail.' " It was when, the railway was laid as far as Woodend. Well, yon' inusc understand the Quarries was a place of some importance in those • days." In this I likewise acquiesced^ "Well, yon see, there was a stiautyjfcept > by Blank, and stores as well. Now, there was working at the qusny a butcher chap-^-we'Il name him Johnny Dash. Johnny, after inocking-off with the spauling hammer, would' dou the apron and start saxuage making,'and'drink likea&fa; all the. time. 4ine"night an atgument came oti 'the boards as to Johnny's urinking powera, and the next ni^the-was^nrt to the test. The ' pot-boy^fepplied Johnny with pewter after as' he handed it to him. "The "hii)o of "the evening rather enjoyrfibe jbk^, turning BSffj?" an or grinder "with the on^ hud, labile 'mth jdie other he t&pt; ponring down fcia guU^ .jpint jipon pint, nntil_heL reachedthe_.| total of 32 rants. • ^e^Bmonnt . y <be put'%hKnigh was wit stated, nature of the to. iff J c down fmm off rlie person of Johnny [ into the machine, and forming a luscious j 'ngredient of the flavored article." (Are ye listening, Kedesdsle ?) 