DEATH OF WILLIAM CRESWICK. [PER CABLE MESSAGE]. LONDON, June 18. The death is announced of Mr. William Creswick, the celebrated tragedian. The following biographical sketch of the late eminent actor, from "Our Actors and Actresses," will be read with interest : William Creswick was born in 1813, and made his first appearance on the London stage in 1835, at the Queen's Theatre (now the Prince of Wales's), at that date under Mrs. Nesbit's management. He played the part of Horace Smith in "The School fellows," by Douglas Jerrold. In 1836 there was a so-called theatre in Magdalen-street, Oxford. In this unpre- tending building Mr. Creswick and Mr. H. Marston wero accustomed at times to perform Macbeth and Banquo together, and those who wished to see the performance from the boxes were directed to go through "the door adjoining Mr. R. Stevens's, fruiterer, No 9 Magdalen street." Thus early did Mr. Creswick essay Shakspearian character, in the presentation of which he became, in a few years, one of the most proficient of English actors. After play- ing in Mr. Downe's) company on the York, Leeds, and Hull circuit, he visited the United States and Canada, where he remained about three years. On his return to England he undertook the leading business success- fully at Newcastle-on-Tyne, Liverpool, and Birmingham. He first appeared on the London stage in Shakspearian drama, 25th July, 1846, at the Sadler's Wells Theatre, during the third season of Mr. S. Phelps's management, in the part of Hotspur in Henry IV. His appearance on the London stage, "says the Athenæum of August, 1846, "had excited con siderable interest in the theatrical profession; and the expectations formed of him have not been disappointed. He seized the chivalric and poetic in the character with an enthusiastic readiness full of promise. With his qualifica- tions there can be little doubt that Mr. Cres wick will become a highly popular actor : and to the theatre where he has now made his début he is unquestionably an important acquisi- tion." On the seeond occasion of his ap- pearance at the same theatre he sustained the character of Master Walter in "The Hunch- back." In 1847, at the Princess's Theatre, he performed the same part with remarkable success on the night of Mrs. Butler's (Fanny Kemble's) reappearance on the London stage after her long absence in America. At the same theatre he also performed the part of St. Pierre in Sheridan Knowles' then popular play, " A Tale of Mantua." In July of the same year he accepted a three years' engagement at the Haymarket Theatre, under Mr. Benjamin Webster's management, and opened the season by playing Claude Melnotte (with Miss Helen Faucit) in "'The Lady of Lyons," and subsequently Trueworth in "The Love Chase." In 1848 he played the Ghost in "Hamlet," and Cassio, and other important characters in the various Shakspearian re- vivals produced during that year by Mr. Chas. Kean. In 1849 Mr. Creswick, in conjunction with Mr.R. Shepherd, took over the manage ment of the Surrey Theatre, and among other roles he played Virginius in the drama of that title, and justified his "character of a meri- torious and well-informed actor." In October of this year he played Hamlet with great success. In September, 1862, Mr. Creswick retired,from the management of this theatre in favour of Mr. Shepherd, and for a time de- voted himself to "starring" in London and the provinces, always drawing a full house whenever his name was announced on the bills. In November, 1862, on the occasion of a farewell performance Mr. S. Phelps, "pre- vious to his management of Sadler's Wells Theatre," Mr. Creswick played Caesius to the Brutus of that accomplished player. During the Falconer-Chatterton management of Drury Lane he appeared as Hotspur, Othello, Iago, Macbeth, Macduff, and Iachimo. In 1866 he and Mr. Shepherd once more entered upon the management of the Surrey. Since 1868 Mr. Creswick has fulfilled various engagements, and appeared in many revivals of Shakspeare's plays, and of the legitimate and the poetic drama in London and the provinces. In 1871 he made a second visit to the United States, where he made his first appearance in the part of Joe in "Nobody's Child; "and afterwards in conjunction with Charlotte Cushman and Edwin Booth acted in Henry VIII, Julius Caesar, and other standard plays. In May, 1877, he visited Australia and opened in Melbourne as Virginius in the follow- ing August. He afterwards played in Sydney, Adelaide, Hobart, and other Australian towns, and fully sustained his reputation as one, of the leading Shakspearian actors of this century. On his return to London he con- tinued to perform those rôles in which he had distinguished himself most. Mr. Creswick did not, however, continue long on the stage after his return to London from Australia, and for some years past has not appeared in public. Many Brisbane playgoers will recollect with pleasure Mr. Creswick's visit to this city nine years ago, when, during a season of five week he delighted Brisbane audiences with his masterly impersonations of a series of Shak- spearian and other characters, in which he was ably assisted by Miss Helen Ashton. He opened at the old Queensland Theatre (since reconstructed as the present Theatre Royal) on the 13th October, 1879, in "Virginius," and at once impressed the Brisbane public with his high histrionic abilities. The Shak- spearian characters in which Mr. Cres wick appeared in this city were Shy lock in the " Merchant of Venice," King Lear, Benedick in ''Much Ado about Nothing, Hamlet, Jaques in "As You Like It," Fal staff, Othello, Richard III., and Petruchio in the" Taming of the Shrew." Mr. Creswick's season was not, however, by any means con- fined to Shakspearian drama. The other characters in which he appeared during his Brisbane season were Master Walter in the "Hunchback," Mr. Oakley in the " Jealous Wife," the Stranger, Don Felix in "The Wonder," and Sir Giles Overreach in "A New Way to Pay Old Debts." CRESWICK'S STAY IN BRISBANE. An old member of the Johnsonian Club fur- nished the notes from which the following was written:-Mr. Creswick arrived in Brisbane and opened his first and last season here on 13th October, 1879. His company was under the management of Mr. Shepperson, an entrepreneur well known throughout the colonies in those days. Mr. Creswick was, of course, the " star," and as he was the first authenticated English tragedian that had ventured to visit the most northern of the Australian colonies he was received with open arms. Creswick was a student as well as an actor. With him the business of a stage performer did not simply consist in the committal of the words he was required to utter to memory. He belonged entirely to the old school and one of his cardinal points was that a man to play correctly must thoroughly understand the whole process of the scenes which he takes part in. His performances in Brisbane were chiefly Shakspearian, although during his season he appeared once or twice in old fashioned comedy parts. His Virginius and his King Lear were the characters which obtained the greatest amount of public favour, although it was invariably admitted that in every impersonation that he gave his acting was scholarly and intelligent. The company that supported him was not what now-a-days would be regarded as a strong assemblage of talent. The leading gentlemen were Messrs. N. Douglas and Edmund Holloway, and their parts were generally satisfactorily per- formed, but as to the rest of the com pany nothing favourable can be said. No doubt the difficulties under which they played must be taken into account when speaking of their dramatic representations as a whole. Creswick, a consummate artist, could lose his individuality in that of the characters he assumed, and although few of his supporters could "play up" to his grand im- personations, it was still possible for him to make the performances intensely attractive. The season, compared to those which in later years have followed it, yielded but moderate pecuniary fruits, but the patrons of the theatre included the major por- tion of the intelligence of the community. The company played out their three months' season in the old Queensland Theatre, a building which occupied the same site as the present Theatre Royal, but was somewhat different in construction. One night "King Lear" was the bill of fare, and during the storm scene a real Queensland rainstorm came on. The de signers of the theatre had not reckoned upon any natural assistance on such occasions, and they had neglected to cover in the lantern roof over the auditorium. The consequence was that the body of the hall was comparatively unprotected from the rain. Those present who being weather-wise had brought umbrellas made use of them, and the balance of the audience crowded up to the windward side of the hall. Nevertheless the performance went on, and Creswick afterwards naively remarked that it was, the first time he had ever played to empty benches in Brisbane. Before Mr. Creswick had played a week in Brisbane he was as well known as if he had spent months amongst the citizens. He was a welcome guest at the houses of all the leading members of society, for he possessed the happy knack of making himself an agreeable addition to any company within which he might be cast. The Johnsonian Club, now so flourish- ing an institution, had only been started about a year before Creswick's arrival in Bris- bane, and he was about the first notable member of the theatrical profession who was invited to partake of its hospitality. Immediately upon his introduc- tion to the members he became a pronounced favourite. In those days the club rooms were adjacent to the Queen's Hotel, which was kept by Mr. Stephen J. Byrne. After the play was over the members used to repair to the club, where they were sure to meet Creswick. He was a remarkable raconteur, and anecdotes of the stage when he was a young actor were always forthcoming. Indeed, he required no provocation to tell a good story, for it was frequently noticed by his old acquaintances that even if someone made a casual remark about the weather, that was a quite sufficient basis for a reminiscence from Creswick, which would either raise a general laugh or attract the interested attention, of the listeners. Amongst his most intimate friends in Brisbane may be mentioned his Honour Judge Paul, Mr. L. A. Bernays, and Mr. Horace Earle, and many a characteristic anecdote of this fine old tra- gedian can either of these gentlemen tell. Creswick took a very lively interest in the Johnsonian Club, and before leaving presented to it his portrait in the character of Hamlet, which now hangs in the clubroom. The mem- bers of the club in return presented him with an album containing all their photographs ; and a number of the citizens of Brisbane, on the eve of his departure, handed him a very hand some meerschaum pipe as a token of their appreciation of his merits as an actor and his demeanour as a gentleman. 