HAVE GHOSTSMBEEN Few subjects tax more stringently what may be cailed the scientific conscience than the matter of apparitions.. .The student of scienco recognizes two clear duties in all selenttitf inquiries. In the first place, he must strive to soeothings as they are, and in the second, he must speak of them as he sees them.. In regard to ghosts and goblins, science has travelled along smoothly enough so long as apparitions of particular classes have been in question. The wholo'subject of hallucinations has been explored by science so thoroughly that no one now is perplexed by stories of visions such as those that troubled Nicolai, llake the painter, Mrs. A. (of Brewster's "Natural Magic"), and a number of otherpersons. The vision in such .Jses is but "the blot upon the hbrain that will.show itself without," and science is "not to be overawed by what it cannot but know is a juggle of the brain." Nor has science been much concerned about those old-fashioned ghost stories, telling how sheeted forms and unearthly sounds have atlrighted sensitive folk under conditions suitably suggestive. We have learned to un slerstland.hol readily under such conditions -as the glooa of night, chilly air (starting shivers and tremors, which of themselves suggest unearthly feelings.) and so forth the mind will unconsciously form false inneas out of diml.seen objects, or trans. form unexplained noises into Fslends signi ficant of horror. A waving cloth becomes a beckoning sheet-elad ghost ; the creaking of a door sounds like the shriek or moan of some one in agony. Out in the open anir, i gloomy woods, or valleys half thIl in mist, sights and sounds that by day would not hbe noticed are by the active minl changed to awful appearances or terrible noises. To this day, for instance, in parts of Eng. land, tile noises made at night by migrating birds are regarded as the basking and yelp. Ing of the Gabriel hounds (' Gabriel" is it self a suggestive transformation frome "gab. hie "), which In recent times--I mean some. where within the last 10 or 12 centuries have been found by tile foolish country folk to be the souls of unbnptized children ; whiloe (since the hounds have never done any harm directly) It has been held reasonabe to regard them as indictingsomse approaching t rouble for those who hear them. There has not only been no trouble in in. terpreting tile gIhosts and goblins of this type, but no ditliculty has arisen in conuse. quence of visions and voices which have seemed to simulate the appearance or tones of the dead. It is when we turn to visions of living per sons, or to thoughts and suggestions relating to living persons, at a distance from the per. son affected by the vision of impression, that we find evidence most difficult to deal with, and the results not only difficult to explain, but not alteogethersatisfactoryfor discussion, because tile number of those who welcome tihe discussionbf such matters with ridicule enormously exceeds the number of the more sensible. To illustrate tile class of cases in question, I will take a few carefully selected examples from among hundreds that might be reel ted. In the following case we have thie direct evidence of the person affected, whols well known, may even be said to be in some de. gree eminentl- the ltev. James It. Wilson, bead master of Clinton College, lEngland,and senior wrangler (that is, first in the honor examination for mathematics) in the year 1850\. I was at St. John's College, Canm. bridge,swhen lie was there, talklng my de. narratie Is ins les own wools. "I was at Cambridge, in full health, boating, football playing, and the like, and by no means subject to hallucinations or morbid fancies. One evening I felt extremely ill ; trembling with no apparent cause what ever, nor didl it seem to be a physical illness or chill of any kind. I was frightened. I was totally unable to overcome it. I remem her a sort of struggle with myself, resolving that I woull go on with my mathematics ; but it was inc vain. I became convinced that I was dying. I was in a strange diseoo. fort, but with no symptoms that I can re call except mental discomfort, and the con. vietion that I should die that night. To wards 11, after some three houlrs of this, I got better and went up stairs, and got to bell, and after a tiseo to sleep, ane tile next morning wars quite wel. In the next af ternoon caneo a letter to say that my twin brother had died file evening before in Lin colnshire. I ame quite clear of thle fact that I never once tllought of him, nor was his presence with sme even dimly imagined." Let this story, in which not only was no apparition seen, but tile presence of tile reln tive who dield at tile timh, of the strange son. ation was not even imagined, be compared with tihe followine, which is one of thie best autihenticated of a class of stories whose name is now becoming legion : In Septemcber, 1867, Captaln WV., of the Sixth Dragoon Guards, left England to join his regisment in Intdia. leaving his wife at Cambridge. On the night between Nov. 14 and 15, 1857, also dreamed that she saw her thusband looking very Ill, and she thereupon woke In agitation. VWhecn she looked up she saw the same figure standing by her bedside. Ito appeared in uniform and as If suffering intense pain. Ifs then gradually faded from her view. At first Mrs. W. supposed she must be still asleep i but rubbing her eyes and listening to the breathing of a child be. aide her, she convinced herself that what she had seen was no dream. In December, 1857, a telegram from the seat of war appeared In the morning Iapers, stating that Captan W. Iad been killed before Lucknow on tile fteetA h of November. T?e family solicitor applied for f.rtlorl informaton as to tlh date of Captain W.'s death, which Mrs. ii'. felt sure must have taken place on the fourlenclh and not on tlofifa t/h, But the date given in the telegram was confirmed at tile war office. At this time a singular elremestancor came to light. Tio solicitor clhanced to mon. tlon the case to a lady, a frliens of Iis, who according to hisown account, had a tendency to see visions. Turning to her husband, she said : "That must have been tile same apparition I saw on tile evening when we werelnpeaking about India," They were able to fix thle lato by maleans of a receipt forr asn amount pahl that day as the fourternth of November. TheI soliclitor on this appllled to tile war oIlse' again, saying that the friends lf Captain \V. were per. sunled there must Iihe i5se elstake about the date. Thie ollllsn state, howle, Iewsm thlat there coueld el no mistakets, Hiesce tie let ICl was referredtIl ie twos deslstches from Sir Colin Casleleehll, wsose, hle hIeehII sissis, ease letter rrrived frlsm a lerether slleer, givling an account of e nl iniei \Vt's loathl. lThil oficer, whol hiad st llo rheing lesisidss Clelalhio IV. whes he woo killed, sltsed Iht del ath occurressd on the Sesse/ti'es, e' f ee vessbleer. Flinally, thollh whelll:thller ole tlu Ihesrie'gilh eef this eiller's evielsecese or tlerouh ftlehls ins the pparirlou's trlth to tlmel, thle al y was It Reeeem niever tee hlese oIeu'11rredl lio iLny hne to eolecsier thoilrerI ilCe ht t wIII n e ?alln and ]Ingllishl thlee. If the Il see of (jilelalse W's death really cone'lledil, se Vis W. WV thesn nel therealter lcrmly lellasi, silleh the thiso nf her dreaem, thee, nlesls .1Isee went to beed snruesslly early', Ie wses kilsld on tihe 1?th tofl Novemse'slr, llhiti tsiie. Sulponse, for Isntlnsie,eli H ell e l1e1s dl'eamtl itt e tlo k ou the Ill I Iht i Nll elllllc ler 14thnl.n s liat Ulenisin let it wi's 'se sil l ii uti three on the luorning ,f Nvelhlmbr 15It luckiioiw. Supplos e It wvas itler, sll tellls else slel nIiig. aeti, thle, ewe isny well esiiieIve Ilehat dnyIIglet ia allreadly Irlken sons the tiesrnIlng o tllu 1Ith at Llllekiiow, at tlie hour whenl Irs. W.l had her midnllght dream at dambridge and her husbin~ met; with' his: deathl \- One other narrative, befor'dwe censider the philosophical aspect of the multito linens stories of this kind which are vouched for on good authority; and he it remembend,. in" passing, such stories as these call be .rnmis takably confirmed, and have frequently been so confirmed, ildependantly of the veracity of persons who assert that they saw the vision or experienced the impression con sidered. The following story is related al most In the words of the Bishop of Carlisle, better known in former days at Cambridge as Dr. HIarvey Goodwin, the eminent mathe matician, A Cambridge student had arranged some years ago with a fellow.student that they should meet together at Cambridge for the purposes of reading. A short time before going up to COnbridge to.keep his appoint ment one of them-from which Dr. Goodwin had the story-was in the south of England. Waking in tbh night he saw, as he imagined, his friend sitting at the foot of his bed. Iie was surprised by the sight, and more so as his friend seemed to be rdripping with water. He spoke, but the apparitian shook its head and disappeared. lut the vision reappeared a few minutes after. Information was soon received that at about the time when the apparition was seen by the young student lis friend hadl been drowned while trath. ing. It will be remembered that Lord Ilrolg ham Ihad an experience very similar to the one just related ; and there are other cases of the same kind, that is, cases in which an apparition of a distant friend, at or near the hour of death, has been seen by one to whom a promise has been made, the ful flment of which had been prevented by death. Thie coincidence explanation, which dis poses fully of even the best authentrented ghost and goblin stories, fails entirely in the ppresence of tihe phenomena we are consider ing. These exlperiences are so exceptional as to excite special attention when they oc cur; while, whenever they do occur, an event of a special kind oceurs to correspond, both as to time and person. This being the case, the argument from coincidence logi. cally demonstrates canal not casual cornec. tions. lint, as I suggested at the outset, tile trouble is, that we cannot understandl how there can be any casual association in these cases. Nothing as yet known to tie student of science enables hiln to explain how tihe anguish of A in one part of the earth can move i1 to sympathetic anguish in another. I amn utterly unable to suggest any explana. tion. The theory of brain waves suggested by the present editor of tile Nineteenth Cen tury several years ago, in reference to a story related by Tennyson about an applarition of the kind we are considering, is romply no ex. planation at all. It is an attempt to explain obscurim per obscurius. Tile only path to an explanation that seems worth trying is that on which Professor Barrett and others have attempted to advanceinquiry ; namely, as to the influence of mind on mind under test conditions. 'And, unfortunately, while this path is infested bychbarlatanism and trickery, what has been thus far disclosed with more or less clearness in this direction has been of little promise. Like Sir IsaaneNewton's experi. ments on the action of gravity under test con. ditions, which gave evidence only as to the nature of the attractive force exerted by matter on matter, but in no sense explained how matter can act on matter instantly over vast distances, so these experiments on the action of mind on mind within the same room, though useful as indicating the nature of this action, suggestnoexplanation whrtso. ever of the observed fact that mind can act on mlpd at a distance, and apparently in an Instantof time. rn? tappcarseto me-trnar cuu--er nce regrding tihe communicatien of impressions from mind to mind over great distances, in such sort that apparitions of distant persons dying or suffering seem to be seen by their friends or relatives, is too strong to be re jected by any conscientious student of facts. Science is no more justified in rejecting this evidence merely because no explanation Is available than astronomers would be justi. fied in rejecting the observed fact that bodies influence other bodies from a dis. tance, merely because, as Newton himself admitted, no one can explain how matter can act where it is not. Some communica. tion there must be between sun and planet, between planet and satellite, and beyond each solar system between sun oand sun and between galaxy and galaxy; but no one has yet shown what that communication may be. I like manner, even tile most cautious student of scienee may well believe that there be some means of communication, under special conditions, between mind and mind at a distance, though no one may be able to explain how such commumncation is brought about. 