IAN, WWDOIN &. ELOPE Br M. E. HOLMHAN. A winter gloamlng, but aoft and groy. A tretob ' of eastera country open and wooded. high oud low, revel and brokon, beautifol in aommer, but joaa now deeply hidden boneath a mantle of snow, and above II bhangio a dome osow-ladea. A faint' western wind stirring the orchard'. great desolate heart, and filling iCse aisles with uncanny whispers. From an invisible somewhere gaunt shadows stealing forth and resahing out their cold, bare arms to darkly embrace a rambling. old.fashioned homestead mansion. Ever unwinding and gaining volume a? they approaebed, those spectral shades silently stalked into a quaint, loaw.celled apartment before whose open charm of a Areplsoe stood a young girl. She was la sapparanoe almost a obild, sim as a youthful tamarack, and gracorol, with a faed sweet, round, fresh, daintily toated; but hardly up to the classical ideal 'of beaut? A ade tendsrl ?jl??plp y, daringly ovasble, !yet .n , witlthal, ip It present repose Red , flamee sadenly broe' kfrom a saoalds .og log. Moearult srows, with Rem'. brandt rffetO pierced sheeneoaostiog gloom, foreiagl ie, retreat sad sofHet kise4 that girlish'dei those dreamy,"'1i(td qyela,.od •w?d lilltllhodt Idly 1sllingl-Owna ind ligntQ claped hbefore her In a satit(ude of anoon molonl graooe. Her dress extended high to tlhe warm throat: and, loosely confined at the waint by an aurtlito knot of riblon, fell aehaight downe to her slim feet in folds of soft white eash eare. Wish that halo of light upoU b?eg, and undhP the spell of deep thought, Ihe re. embled strangely the oarvdi image of a devout, raps young saint eat from C.arar marble, or the miniature of an introspeativ Apbrodite in Parian stone. No wonde roaman eoming up the 'alt paused just outside the window an ointant with based breath then slowly resumed hi. way with something very like a sigh ol pain. As if his glance hadpleroed her armour ,o calm : ' I wish it was ' over,' be' murmured. pressing her small fingers closeetogother it an agony of eslfreatraint ; then' siuddale? finging themapart with a paueionato gesture * or I wish I had never come, or that I wes dead, or that-eh, God ! how I wibh- Bot-bah' ' a smile o' contempt drooping her.' sweet Upped' mouth at the' corneri * What use' to wish? Oh,' this' pnawini pain'st my oheart I This burning dryngso 'o my eyea. Tomorrow, on some proetext, murt go home,, elseI shall go ms4 ;. but ta nighi---' " Ay. to.night I What of it?. Could she only have foribeen the events in the darkness of that night; would she 'hav Icoated on the morrow thus?' The banging of a 'distant door, then ths sound of someone approsoo'lg. An instanl her heart stood still with vague, indefinable hope, a wild, yearning fear. Could it be Paul? Paul Granleigh, her cousin, her king among men, yet who In a few hours would be the husband of anothbe womn l . S nAh o, she had seen him ride away in the atrly gloaming. When he'returned to his ancestral home well, she would not be hers. Like a thing naught in guilt, she glasord borriedly around for an avenue of essape, as a step-Riok's-sounded in the corridor outilde . S'A firm yet light step, and presently the door was flung ajar, admitting a tall young mao, and with him a frosty breath from the enter world. ' Behold, our tee8ds prance at the door. Hasse to the wedding,' he ried grandilo. quently. Ten, aes hie pleasant eyes take in thea sole, silent oooupant: ' Trick,' eomleg forward, 'you look like a great wax doll oonstrneted after the' Greek. Where on earth'-s man's usual snfo at women's artistic dress-love-' did you fled that babyish affair ?' She shot him a glanes of overwbelming ' That babyish affair was found at Bed. fern's. and east dad more money than, your. self end your prancing steeds are worth, Sor Ignorance. Come, that's a good' boy'--? sweet, laughlg toou?s-' fetch my wraps trom yonder sofa, and-' 'Oh,' an hurryl' flldging himself into a chair near. ' The governor, your respestee onael, and the looky "aire df your bhmble .servant, is still swearing over an aggravating cravat. I heard him as [ stale past hi. room. As it is n.arly 'si hoursd to mid-. By Jove, old man I' his eyes suddenly lifln: to a itll form in the. doorway., 'Ejected, ohs . What's up?' , . l His brother slowly eatered. * I forpot my pars, and-well, you. know one cannot espeat to do Eoarope on -bhis wedding tour with empty: po?kese ' with . low, mirtbless laugh.'*L lets lt in my room'ie some plams. Will ygot (eth it while I warm up, Enies ' ' Well, seeing It's your alibht of doom. yes; hst'-with a heart free laugh--'you're pulli,g a mighty long face, old man, for a pro* speutive groom. Cheer up. Life is short and fall of abahus. Ma belle will be in a uease of a temper if you don't cultivate a b?ppler look for the altar.' , " When the door had slosed upon him, Paul turaed to his slim, whitef-reed cousin. 'Let me look at you,' be exclaimed, devoorlon her with bhl dark eyees 'Her hmre we have been so happy together, let no part; and after to-night it will be beet for both if God never ltes me o your,temps uin feew agald.' Thrilling and shilling alternately. she stood before :bhm voieles - and motionlese nader his Incense passionate eyes. ' You do care,' he eooatiane meeohanieolly 'I never dreaml youi did' until ' to-night, I saw you through the window, and I-I 'read your lfan. Oo, Trisk, Trick 1 if edy we had met earlier, when I was frse, ndyou --' ' Bush I' she rtied pe.slonately. *' Ar you human to tortir' and insult me o ?' Torg v mes., I-I am- mad,' I think, Good-bye " . He tiemed oasteadily to leave the room. He pa?ted. and 'ooming bok stood before her. Hits tea was ealm, but somehow ragguetive of fnere restraint. He was a strong man' with strong. pasolps, and poassalag an Irom will to control them ' Will yo? Niu' for rma thui song you asea when lret you eame to visit us?' he akred. ' I have a presentlmet that it ' will be the lest tnme I shall ever hear yor vole, sad I woan to remember it. It were a pity to for' rgt she sweetest thing one ever heard, would tonot. little ast' A dry sob rose in her throat. Beatrix Evelyn was childish In appearance only.: Choking downher misery she 'turned to the piano ausr.' .., 'lvuringly at first her sweet volce rose, then went steadily on to the end.: " 'till to break' the bads 'that God 'deoreed to e etll are we the children of the'hbe.ther nd the wind: though tar away from home, oh, 'tie eti fof yIou and That e hoen Is blowin born in that north' I'm afraid you'll hbaysve to do'"Erope' on mtrt, old - man,' exlaimed Bank, enrtering. 'I on't find your "filthy loore I" 'I willgo and find it myself, then.' turnnog as be stood on' the threshold, 'good-.be,' be said ' It begins to new. see that Beatrix is welfwrapped, Erral.' Then he was gone, and Tlrnk shivered, I'll be bh'med if he isn't more fit for a luoatio asylum then a bridal tour,' grombled Rick. ' Well. I can imagine pleasater peaitones than carrying, the pug dog, and reselving the sareasm of my future ster.in law. can't yeu,oousln she're?' Trick made no return la. words, ani'was strangely slens -during the '-long drive to Eaton Pies, It wasa whim of the whlmelotl, wedthe bride that the marriage should be'petrformed at midnight, but on their arrival daneug wa? in progrmess. About' ten l'oeloeo?ki . naime ip to'b his oouefn. Thorn was a sumewhat troubled look an his pleilant fane. I havo. a.meueeue-a telegram for yon,' he whisrpred. ' O a of our seorvants jet braught It over. Come inat thiioOnneOrv tory and ltead it., r.. - : : It wan from a:promlion: doaotor iun Now. York: - • ',four fatbor dangeroonly ill.: 'Come' im-i modltlely if you would eno him silva' ' With, a low ory aho liflted shr oeyes to Errio's faae. She wayed, and woulrl have fallen hanol smomeone oaughl her,' It was Paul. She hardly beedoi, but Errio briefly explained. ' will drive hnr over to the elatioo,' he said. ' We csn catch the midnight train.' . SVery well. Tsere i no use spsakong abon. It; it would but eceate a disturtanoe, and ] san easily explain afterward. Hitch Black enes into my cutter, Errio, quick as poasible She is a safe animal.' A few minuaes later, wrapped in fore tn'the eyes, amd nearly distracted. Trick wase Ufted into tho waiting outter. Errie was about to accompany her, when hib brother called hid aride, and both returned to the house, only one retoronig a moment later., Even through her andiety she felt griove. Why had Panl so coolly parted with her ? Bashing to her eyes the toaed traoe thbto She had o 'desire to speak, and: Erria apparently wai in she same moad. ilently and .tediously they drove agains: bhe ever inereasing storm. . Wildei and inmoo rarie as it became, deeper and more drtfted the' snow. ' We shall never got there l' orled Triok. wildly. '-It must be near midnight cow I' And her tortured miod went - beak to the mansion Tdog lrft behind. In a tfw mintitoe Paul would be married, perhaps Perhape he was married already BIhind her In lr. ity the .migKt-have-beean of bappineii. Before-God; what was bafrs, Hr beloved . B'onk Bae had stood silllri 'iflwlldered. Through a grove neat the Wiun moaned in palatil accents. * Are we ost Errin ?' she cried. ' Why don't yau speak? Why---?,.. Ha lehptld trom the dutter and went qoiokli Biok Base stook quoivring in her tracke P.iiently he returned to he#r ide and tided there, the wind howling and driving about thim .both, the snow falling: feat ada faster. I* It is aUeless., We'oi go no frthier : lih has lost the roid.' hi said,' . A' At th voioe Triok utotred a cry and tooi th'e veil Irom'herf tao, * Paul I' the ried;' Whesie i '?rlo ? Why did youdo til' mad thlag t:' St Reosuse I wse mad I wanted tpeeyou, to ?ay' la~t.word befdre we pirted--forgle. Forgive Die 7 Where e Errit' , ' L oked isaely Op in the cloakroom onleds they havidlibhrated hfibbeoro this'-glimily. * Wnat *will"llyo 'dd'-dadedly. *Yeo eannotilie back bymldiglio? ' ' , SI had not intended to. Indeed, I ain no' scre I eve? intended golia biok at all. But a marrieis oan be postlpned. a death cnbot.. I knew it t were poseltle for anyone to get you to Zadwiek in time for 'the mildighi express I could. I have failed '-lightieg a match to see his watoh-faoe, and speaking iu a kind of bitter derpair. 'It Is half-pet twelve, and,' he eontinued passionately, I am glad I am not married-glad I am with you. darling, eome what may.' SHash I Oh, what will I do? What em I do? What will shey all say of me?' SThey will not dare say a word of you ' fiercely. I-I wish we would both die here to-night. We would at';lealt be together I No one laid part us. But although it is wild and stormy, it is not old, and thore is no souh laok as freezing In store for us.' 'You most go baok.' she oried wildly. * Yo mutst gi beok. I command It. Take Blaok Bess, and leave me here. You have oronged me enough already. I forbid yra Itaying here now. Go go I And pray God I may never look upon your faee again.' All his mad entreatles were lo no avaiL She only repulsed and bade him leave her. Bow that long night under the shelter of an overturned cotter was apGnt Trick Evelyn never forgot, bot alway aehuddered when she spoke of It. SBut after what seemed an eternity sho thougnt she heard voloes oaaling'at a great distanoo; then down abe went into the darkneas of death. A month later, In her father's New York house, she reclined on a coach, very pale, wan. and frail, but with a look of content on her sweet faee. Her father had but just left the room when a servant ushered in anotaer man none othershau PaulGrenirigh, but, from the awful events of that awful night, the ghost of his former self., With a hlush, Triok hold out her hands ; then, as he gladly'took anld held them in his, harrt into a stormof tears. *And thry thought we hadi loped-that opa's illness was only a.Ltrlek,' she said. later. * II they had found,e rrio before mid n ght-before Mill r atio, i that fit of noeer, married her a'mu-a-malter,' how dif ferent t would hare been' for: n.' * Perhaps It woold, and spolled our lives, my pet'-softly.- ?lweethears, I shall always think I warn mad'ibat nigst. and.', he con tinued, softer yet. ' li.." rn *ridnese ' 