COEEESPONDENCE. ? ? PORTLAND CEMENT IN SEA WORKS. Sib,— I see by your yesterday's issue that the ghost of Professor Brazier's ' alarming rumor' has at length reached this island, and as it has long since been laid elsewhere it will not be difficult to do so here. The allegation, founded upon examina tion of some defective portions of certain dock and breakwater works at 'Aberdeen, and confirmed by- some drastic experiments analogous to the design ot lewis uarroii s aged man ' to keep the Menai Bridge from rust by boiling it in wine,' was sufncientlj alarming, and was to the efiect that in process of time the magnesia in sea -water displaced the lime in Portland cement, whereby the concrete in sea water became totally disintegrated. On recovering from the shock nroduced by such an idea the first thought naturally is ' what about the portions of the Aberdeen work that have not shown signs of disintegration, and what about the long list of successful sea works, commencing with the Albert Harbor, Greenock, built by Messrs. Bell and Miller in 1862, and including all the great modern works down to the Colombo Harbor by Sir John Coode, not to speak of the numerous works now in progress? These tell a different tale, and encouraged one to hope that when further information was forth coming it would be found that the specification under which the cement for the defective wont was suppuea was not sufficient to ensure a reliabl« article, and that the treatment the concrete received was not what is now acknowledged as the necessary treatment to produce good results. When the full information was supplied, these surmises were found to be correct, and engineers once more breathed freely. The process of setting and hardening of Portland cement is a most obscure one, although the constituents are some of the simplest and best known chemical elements, and when it was proposed to use such concrete in large masses in the sea at the Albert Harbor the engineers could hardly get one of their profession to support their proposal. Since then the chemical pro cesses involved have never been satis factorily elucidated, but such has been the success of practical experiments that con ditions have been laid down, under which engineers can have perfect confidence in the stability of their watts, and there is probably not an engineer in the world .who does not pin his faith on honest Portland cement, without which none of the great seaworks of the day could ever have come into existence. The great danger now to be feared is that an excessive boldness and over-confidence may lead to the neglect of due precaution, and to the discredit of one of the most use ful modern products of industry. — Tours, etc, . Wm. Eeib Bell, Superintendent-Engineer for Harbors. January 18. ? ♦ ? — 