A FOOL AND HII HONE . A -OVEL ease has been amusing the court, says the New York correspond ont to the Iloebard iercury, which is an admirable illustration of .the trito oldi: adage, " Fobls 'and their mbnoney," etc. Miis Emily Guion had WOeathered t?he storm of 35 years, and: had never:. secured thlat iniestimable blessing, a lidsbaid: . How this occurred is hard: to tell, for Emily Was.fifir to loolk. upon, and her avoirdupois.was 1821b.2:; her family was very respctable, ish' had a good healthy 'appotit'e, friid had: 2500dol: in tlihe bank::. No' a treasure' of this kind ought not to haye to hiint very long for a husbalnd. :But aiter waiting all those years, eni-d liono finding a. fellow,. iin an evil .ihour. her, eye fell on the deluding alvertise8 mont of one Welhman, who piomised" to furnish eligiblo wives anid hisbaiids:: at five dollars a head. M?'iss Guion-in-: : vested five dolldrs .irI Mic.VWellmari's Matrimniial i]upekiu, and thrlee days. after she drew a prize in the person of 1rank Leroy. .It is true hb was rod` headed, he had lost three of his front teeth, his left leg was a little game, and his right eye off colour. Buit a woman who has waited thirt;-fivei years is not supposed to stand upon trifles. The old adage of " the bird in hand" struck her with the .ford6e .6f Sullivanu's right duko, so she froze fast?.' to Mr. Loroy at the first moeoting.? Loroy was not loth to be frozen to, so,:. after vows of oternalfideliipyiind dking, the wedding-day, he struckl her fori a. thousand dollars; and then, perfi:dfliousi brute that he was, he vanished li0ke a' ghost During thie few\' bllssfil hiuus?. that passed between Paradise :aindi Hades, Mr. Wellmaih strok :Einily' for fifty dollars, and, as she con sidered her Frankn dirt choian at that. price, she paid it without winking. But when he didn't come to title, that was another thing, so she :had .tlihe matrimonial agent arrested for' swindling. She may' send Weollman to the ponitentiary, but: hor lover, Leroy, and her thousaind dollars hinve ' " gone whore the woodbine twineth." Another blooming 'danisef of .35 is seeking balm for a wounlded heirt. from Arbuckle of Ariosa coffee: fame.' The faithless lover has neuralgia in the jaws, sciatica in his ha ik, rhour matisni in his legs, and in~ialaria all over him; and in addition. to thei above qualifications he is creditedte with 1,000,000dol. It will require 100,000dol. to heal the wound in Mhiss Campbell's heart. All their old lovo: letters are dragged into court; he is 60, and she might acknowledge to 40,. . and neverhave her word called in . question; but she 'calls him "Dear Baby," and hIe calls h'ie his ':Sweet Bunnio." It is all iright when whis pored in the ear with a gentle squeoze, but it looks very funny ini cold typo, and double- leaded at that. Moral Say what. you like, but don't write. Our sympathies are with Miss Camp bell. Arbuckle will niot mniss the. 100, 000dol., and it will do Miss Oanip bell a ioheap of good. 