FOREIGN. In tho United Statesthero are about 1,000,000 of people employed on the railways. The Geographical Society of Paris has decided to take advantage of tho presence of tho many savants who will attend tho Universal Exposition in Paris noxt year by calliug together a Geographical Congress, which will meot in August next year. Tho way in which Italy proposes to take part in the fourth ocntcnnial celebration in honor of Columbus is to bo mainly in tho publication of the collected works of tho great navigator, and of all tho document) and charts which throw any light upon his llfo and voyages. Ono of tho largest timbor-rafts that lmvc ever been on tho Rhino has just descended that river from Mayenco to Dordrecht. It was 700 feet in length, 170 feet wide, carried a crew of 170 men, and was valued at £12,003. This gigantic raft was very near coming to grief in the rapids below Bingen, and afterwards at tlio Lorelei curve and at tho island of Nonnon- worth. An alarming accident, whioh' might havo had a fatal result, happened to a French aeronaut named H» Hoacb, who, accompanied fay a boy, made an ascent near Boulogne. The wind was very strong at the time of the ascent, and tho balloon was driven violently against a chimney. It then commenced to descend, and, after drop ping through a clump of trees, fell into a river not far from where the ascent was made. Tho aeronauts were severely shaken. A Russian peasant named Lcvotchko has just discovered mi immense treasure trove in the vil lage of Starogorodki, in the governorship of Tchemigow. Tlio peasant lived upon land form ing part of the estate of Prince Ostcrky, whoso ancestors were plundered and expelled from their possessions by the Tartars, and there is little or no doubt that the treasure and other articles found date from this period. lcvotchko was at work for 10 years in making this discovery, which includes, besides many preoious articles and manuscripts, 12 large boxes filled with very ancient coins of fine gold. The total vnluo of the find is given at 17,000,000 roubles, two-thirds of which goto tho State and one- third to Lcvotchko, whose share will amount to approximately £600,000 sterling. A young German named Lofiier, who is presi dent of a bicycle club in Austria, rode from Cairo to the Pyramids. The Arabs whom he mct Nverc wonderstruck at the apparition of this cyclist, but he passed safely on his journey without molestation. Arrived at tho Pyramids, he left liia machine in charge of a green tunic sheik, and clambered up the Pyramids, where he made the beggars who followed him give a Ger man "All lleil" shout that seemed to amuse them much. He returned to Cairo in the even ing, the route being much more frequented at this hour, and was received by his friends as the first oyclist who had cycled to the Pyramids. A year ago an extraordinary will was proved at Poth, whereby the testator, a physician named Goldbcrgcr dc Buda, left half his fortnno — about 250,000 florins — to accumulate for the benefit of posterity until the interest should suffice to relieve destitution universally. Ac cording to a calculation made by the testator, his wishes might be carried out when the capital represented 209,000,000 florins. The will is now contested by one of the legatees, and the case is to bo tried next November, when claimants aro expected from London, the United States and Madrid. A thrilling balloon adventure occurred recently at Rockaway Island, which was witnessed by 10,000 people. An aeronaut named M'Ewon was sitting suspended to the balloon when tho parachute iu which he intended to descend caught in the trees and was torn away from the balloon. A cry of horror arose from the crowd as M'Ewan shot upward without his parachute. His death was considered certain, as the balloon, which was inflated with hot air, rose to a dizzy height. It sailed in a northerly direction for nearly 2 miles, remained stationary for a few minutes, and then gradually descended as the hot air cooled. The aeronaut landed in a marsh, striking the ground violently on his back, but was uninjured. He afterwards turned up at his hotel covered with mud. Loungers in the fine avenue of the Champs- Elyscestlic other afternoon were horror-stricken on seeing a young woman throw herself from tho top storey uf one of the houses in the direction of the Ard tie Triomphc, aud fall lifeless on tho pavement. She was a servant girl, who liod been told that morning to look out for another place. There is, indeed, a sort of suicidal opidomio about just now. On Wednesday a well- dressed woman threw herself off one of tho small steamers into the Seine near the Placo de la Concorde, but got off with a ducking ; whilo later on another member of the fair sex — licr marriage was a dismal failure — flung her self in front of a three- horse omnibus, and waa picked up in a terrible condition. Oddly enough suicides are far more frequent in Paris in summer than in winter, though ono might imagine that severe weather and privation would produce an opposite result. The people of Elbcron noticed one afternoon a well dressed man driving furiously (town Ocean Avenue, closely pursued by a young and handsomely attired woman in a buggy. Tho flying vehicles and their occupants wero closely watched until they disappeared in clouds of dust beyond Elbcron. There occupants of other vehicles say they saw the woman overtake the man, and, lmuling her buggy close besido the waggon of the fugitive, she began to lash him over the head and body with a long carriage- whip. She waa wild witli rage, and as Bho belabored her victim she shrieked out the story of hor wrongs so loudly that several persons licurdit. She called himPurcell, and accusedhim of bringing her from Chicago to Long Branch only to cast her off. Both horses sprang into a gallop at the crack of the whip, and as they ran almost side by side the castigation continued. Finally the road to Deal Station was reached. This was comparatively free from vehicles, and tho man urged his horse ahead, and left tho furious woman behind. A band of brigands has just been arrested at Buolmrest, but they seem to belong to a second or third-rate class of banditti, preying mostly on peasants and small farmers. Of a very different stamp are the desperadoes who recently hold captive a number of Austrians in Bulgar ia. One of tho captives, Hcrr Binder, givesa graphic ac count ofthe privations he and his comrades hod to undergo in the way of forced marchos and subsistence on leaves, grass and roots. The cold blooded murdcrby one of the brigands of a Turk whoso companion had been allowed to go to a village to buy bread — leaving the other as a hostage— and who did not return, was not calculated to inspire the captive Austrians with pleasant views of their own position. Some of tlio brigands expressed a belief that a chango of Government in Bulgaria would remove their outlawry, which lends some coloring to tho suspicion that some of them had to do with tho kidnapping of Prince Alexander. If this be so, a change of Government that gave Russia tho upper hand might have the effect they desire. An elderly gentleman residing in the Rua Roohccliouart, Paris, who was supposed to bo dead, has suddenly come to life. He has » nopiiow in Paris, wlio being duly informed of his demiso on Sunday, repairod at onoe to tha liouso with his wife to keep watch over tho mortal remains of his uncle until they should ho borne to their last ranting place, On Monday cvoning, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to the drawiugroom to tako somo reposo on a sofa, and a servant having placcd somo win© and broth on a table, lie threw himself into an armchair in the bedroom, and soon went soundly to sleep. On awaking at 4 in the morn ing ho found that the broth had disappeared, and that tlio bottle of wine was half empty ! Becoming alarmed, he went to his wife in tha drawingrooin, roused her, and told her what lmd happened. She returned to the bedroom with him, but the pair liad hardly reached tho door when they heard a noise. Tliey paused on tho threshold, and, to their consternation, a voico hade them not to bo afraid but to coma in The husband entered the room, but soon rushed out with his hair standing on end. Ho had soon his uncle's ghost, The old man waa sitting, enveloped in a sheet, on tho side of his bed. The supposed corpso had the utmost diffi culty in getting his panic-stricken relatives to understand that ho was not dead after all 