THE ABORIGINES. NOTES ON MR. CUKR'S BOOK. It has frequently been noticed that many natives bear the scars of small-pox. Mr. Curr is of opinion that it was intro duced to the* colony by the first convict ship, which arrived in Uotany Bay in January, 17SS. Had it appeared amongst the natives in *times prior to this its effects would have been noticed by Dampier in 1699 or by Cook in 1770, for both these navigators visited the spot where now the natives show most signs of the disease. A number of extracts from various autho rities are given, which show that the convict ship in question had some malignant disease on board, though in every ease no specific name is given to it There can be scarcely a doubt, though some writers raise one, that the disease which attacked the blacks was small-pox. 'It overran the whole of the continent south of the tropic of Capricorn, swept backwards and forwards over the area in question at least twice, and finally died oat in 1845 or thereabouts. Since 1S-45 the same disease has been introduced into the north-western portion of the continent at least once, probably by the Malays, and committed great havoc, but there is nothing to show that it ever found a footing in the couutry north of the tropic of Capricorn, and east of longitude 134deg.' The most fatal disease at present afllicting the blacks is consumption, and this apparently was not known to them before the arrival of the whites. Book the second, vol. I. , contaius accounts 'of a few tribes scattered over the eastern half of the north coast of Australia.' Owing to the fact that a very small portion of this district is settled by the whites, very few specimens of the majority of the languages in use have been obtained. The country occupied by the Larrakia tribe extends along the coast from the mouth of the Adelaide Kiver west to Port Patterson, and stretches inland to a distance of 25 miles. This and neighbouring tribes ore to some extent physically different to the common Australian type. All told, they number about 500, and the majority of the men are well built They have but little hair on their faces, but on the head it is invariably thick nnd curly. The women, as a '? rule, are not so stoutly built as those of the southern tribes. The men do not wear clothes of any description, but at night, in addition to lanre fire3, they cover themselves with paper baric They believe in a Being who dwells in the stars and never dies, also in a Good Spirit who dwells in the bowels of the earth. Their idea as to the creation and the world of the future is given on pp. 253-4-5. It is too long, unfortunately, to. insert in this article. Mr. Foelsche, the contributor of the account tti this tribe, gives the following interesting note on the subject of snake-bite: — 'Snake-bite is treated by putting ligatures some distance above and below the wound, and then opening the largest artery in the vicinity ot the bite with a stone, shell, or other sharp instrument; several incisions are made until copious bleeding is the result ; the ligatures are not removed for two or three days, when the patient is all right I have never heard of a native dying of a snake-bite.' The Limba Karadjee tribe (Port Essington) cure rheumatism by burying the sufferer in the sand of the sea shore, the head alone remaining uncovered. One of the beliefs of the Unalla tribe (Haffles Bay) is that when the ilesh of a dead man has decayed from the bones the deceased comes to life ncuin, and goes into the bush, where he joins his previously departed kinsfolk. They then amuse themselves by playing wicked tricks on their living friends, especially annoying the aged people. Book the third, vui. I., p. 2S7, 'treats of the tribes which dwell . on, or are adjacent to, the west coast ot the continent, from a little north of the De Grey River to Albany.' The women of the Xgurla tribe adorn themselves by affixing little pellets of gum to the locks of their hair. Nets are made from the fibre of the spinifex (porcupine grass), nnd food is frequently boiled in a conch shell, a mode of cooking very rarely practised in Australia. The leaves of the native tobacco plant are mixed with ashes and used for chewing. Among the tribes in the neighbourhood of Perth some strange customs obtain with respect to the charming of ghosts. Water is often carried in bags made of the bark of the paper tree ; and it is customary for a mother when her child is thirsty to fill her mouth with water and squirt it into that of the child. Dentistry, as practised by the Wonkomarra tribe (Bolloo River) will not commend itself to Europeans. Thia tribe, in common 1 with many others, draws two front teeth. Here we notice, now ever, that only the women undergo the operation. J he method of extraction is as follows :-' A stone is held inside the mouth in contact with the teeth which are to be removed ; nsrainpttliem, on the outside of the gums, is placed the aboriginal chisel, which is smartly struck with :i heavy bit of wood or stone, mid by this means the teeth are punched out ; a hresttck is then applied to the bleedinc gums to remove the pain or stop the bleeding.' The modes of fishing practised by the blacks nre many, but here is one adopted by the Yorke a Peninsula tribe (west of Adelaide) that is unique :— 'A good-sized fish, being roasted and tied up in a bundle of rushes, is fastened round the neck of a strong swimmer, so that it hangs down his back. With this he swims out to sea a mile or more, and then .returns to the sandy beach, the roasted fish still hanging behind him. When near the shore the swimmer attaches the iish to a spear stuclc in the sand where the water is about 3ft. deep. In the meantime the men have got ready their long nets nnd the shoal of fish, as soon as it arrives on the scent of this drag, is surrounded and taken' (p. 144, vol. II.). , In volume III., p. 170, will be found two corroborees set to music, and. on page 170 is an account of a love letter sent by a man to a woman. It consisted of a twig upon which were cut three notches. The central notch represented the carrier of the ' letter '—the go-between, and the remaining two, one the man, and the other the woman. ' It meant, in the lnnguiige ot Dickens, 'Barkis is willing.'' The practice was well known, and appeared to be common. 'Message sticks' are in U3e in nearly every tribe. They are a few inches in length, and in shape resemble a miniature boomerang. Various lines and notches are cut upon them. The messenger, however, invariably gives liis message by word of mouth, handing in the stick afterwards, so that it is difficult to arrive at the meaning or utility of the piece of wood, unless it be that it certifies an accredited messenger between two tribes. When travelling to deliver a message, the life of the carrier is held sacred, and he is allowed to pass on his way unwaddiedandunspeared. From notes on the Gippsland tribe, supplied to the author by Mr. Buhner, we cull the following tradition of a deluge: — 'Ages ago there was no water in what are now the lakes, rivers, and seas known to the Kurnai, ..'-,-. for an immense frog had swallowed up the whole of it This state of things, it appears, was a source of creat discomfort to tne animals generally, and especially to the fishes, so they held a consultation on the subject, and came to the conclusion that the only remedy was to make the fros lnugh, and that if this could be accomplished there would soon be plenty of water. To give effect to this idea, every animal presented himself before the frog in the most ludicrous postures he could assume, and went through his funniest antics. For a time, however, they were unsuccessful until the eel stood upon the tip of his tail, which so tickled the overgrown trog that he literally burst with laughing, and the water poured from him in such vast streams that there was presently a deluge, and all the blacks would have been drowned, had not one of them, Loon by name, made a large canoe, in which he saved a great many' (p. 519, vol. III.). 