\- A Visit to Sarah Bernhardt. ,."r?., ,rF. .PHILIPS. Ititew Year' Bye, and the curtain has just4aun,e the ftouth -act of "La T.rea,* 'at thiPrt St. Martin Theatre. The Tosch Set. ah Sd- thei _Sll carpia, who hua .Snk to the floor, iortally wounded Scarpia is a great clerie;, the Tteca, like molt Italins,; is fery devout, and, am the eminent .1 ehnthb· a n'i- spirit passes away, she " keas? frof'the wall ailarge crmcifi·x lays it bn.the dead-man's breast, and then places a- lighted c?andle oneitheeside of bim. The aet being over,- I went, by invitation, to Madamp BlernhaLft'a leg, anso elderly laly prieceding oi me aa entergOg the box about the 'same mcment. Sarah -Bernhardt -wa slretchedI out on a chair..the.embodiment, sot so much of an exhausted woman, as of one from whoa every vestige of energy and tvrry spark st 1 vital fne-had vahiahsd; Astke.h.rigednn4, I then, le]ithackin her-bigfu/cleil, three of I her maids were doirg th, ir utmost to I:bring hexround ;"' one wh bathior 3tadame Bern- 1 haidt' head, another chafing her hand., and a third trying to pour scme hot? boillon down her threat... I was watching this I trange.. icen with the greatest intrere I when the. elderly lady whom. I ad noticed startled usalmost ot of our wits by suddcoly I exclaimiag-ia-agonisig- acoents, "Oh, my darling, you're -been orerdoion it I You're I killing yourself YTo-eguqt really not work t s7.iard. Eieighperformance a week I You t mut take a rest, ma 'herie." And all this in i -breath,. without giving Sarah Bern- J hardt, the ghost of a chance of getting. in a k wordoft expctulation, even edgewin- I In a ' concluding.brest the old lady remarked, in t tone of utmst concern. and bf-.even pat ronsing-cordiality--' h bie'; -I won't keep t yolwaiting any longer. Ill- co back to my P Ice. GOod-bye dearest I' kissed the a oecacon botl"cheAs, - ?d departed. No r sooner had the door of the box closld on this gu?blidaoa e bban-Sarah, exrenited an she r wa, d al her lowly.retnuring tnergy toet , leapt-to her feet,- atd, exasperated at whut had happened, serieked ' Quslle- et I ctfefttapec ? JrT' lu aijamais Ore-joa aie, jamrsl e -It, was certainly one of the mot: f amusing things I ever saw. I may menion that during the short time I v. a in Madaume Bernhardt's lge, a shaf of telegrams aniaed E -one of themlrom a distiangished London I editor-wishing the tragedienne one bons i sre. I The next afternoon I went to make a call I upon Madame Sarah, at her hotel, Boulevard Peeire, No. 5O.The door.wasopened by agi. r gantic man-.ervant,atanding some six feet six c -a PatagonianorBrazilian, I imagine, whom Sarah had brought back from South America 1 on her return from the tour which caused so nuch talk. The salon into which I was I ashered by this functionary is deserving a more detailed descrip'ion than.I can enter i 'uin hebree but I will sketch its. ca'ient polits, Overibe mantlepic es a lare life' elemdrawing of. Maurice B enLardt; Saratgs recently married son, by-whose sids is }a: bigdog,-eguifieently painted.: There are i no windiws to the room, all the light cominig tnifrom the top, as in an artist's studio. Ong the- left, a. you emter thi -chtacateristie toomrita life-size figure ?I clay, on which - Sarah Berhtardt was working as.often an ehabeoold aateh an-hotr from her basyday. A striking feature of the room is a -large t divan covered: with fors, thanding "to the ( right ot3he tow health, on which a glorious a -rrof pine logs was blaring and filling the t room with the fragrant odour which some. bow yoen never ?notice oatridesa' French basme. Aniy neniberofflowe? were scattered about, inad so?e enormous wreaths or EcsSOOwse ecently presented to.the great artiste by enthusastie admirers of the -theatre. ' Hte - and there o7u Le a variety of curiosm figures and bizarre kniekraces, sovi of the resulta of the BSoth' American towrnee.. The eomeble of eccentricity-is to be found in the fareearner ttle room, in the shape of a huge cage, rising from the foor to theiceiling- containing arabh' young lions. When-- ad somewhat recovered from amy fsetfeeliaga-ot-surprise at this singular derelopmetaoefomdecctiorn, I apprached the cee whereine Tlgrette," Madem Bema. ?hadas tiges, -was foredy :conantd atd c whic? now was tenantedbya leon?ne brood, sad .tobdilookheg latently at their gambeld aothowever, I am. freeto eeefe, withoht \- many inward tremors and quaking. of spirit, for the ben of tbe ege seemed very alight ad :reolted having -base toldd by B:del the famow?udeompe?r, that the large eravaea whia rire?lii captivity are fr more -din -garonathan theirwild brethren, "Are they t" I asked. ".Oh,yes," answered the pa Hetreu- s-. nequiet spece"aly fics"pi Thusemboldened, I sretched out myihatd to iat Scarpia's head,:sid wae re. warded foe my semerit?, b7 a soap which -?5 uunengs apbckwrdswsth the gilityof aa .ain sue Iw thought yooe bhd they were:.vryu qiet " -Iobserved to the Pat' Oan, who a smiling, enjoying theseeae. "; yeas, sir, a they are-a: very qulet w &we-;·only-h i play when he gabbed at oeiser ;.Soinayg, eand leaving it to me so believe at nch or as little of it a I chore, he left Wee toest returning in about a quarter of an ier with a- great bdwrl oftmilk. To Sunfasten othe ge wai tliwork of sn instat, -and bees,( oeal ea*S.mv yit l y - preci'pitate Bight, the mad tgs were galloping all over the room- .jmplheifrom chaut i divan end fromh dvan-.e -aaita, daesn round me. crouchiig at-my feet s - thoegh meditating ae spriegt my thront, and thene, to my Isnr. pretble-rlief, daubhing off again to the other -end of the room, where the milk wis waitig foithem. Madame no? appearing, I took ad: vaage-of a favourable moment to place the jblon door between my-elf and thear pretty criture; Which I.,dmired in ract prop-or tion tothe" diatamnou-hich.ae, rated -as Wheh I called again i the' Boeileard Peje liu a eir day+arwarda, I foirund that·lib -ois -ha?beesi mo remsd,-jiidoterir plaeas leke ? byi between- ti - -atti thres beodrd hbi ea wabl'mings and chaltl min mli tamoet imp~ this timea D e:S sioa ,? -eI for hecld a o?en- prifra n 'tie?fnm?nmflla beece. e I televai thet ha E ie-"'f , tis.b o `rie b If eo? Sdo he that badmirable adaptiaoto I-S:Ar namb ' b-whch with seventeen serrvuntsacie i hi.i fies these ga. eeidrs ish thi Sinte of setah tblaonars a Schir~ kial c-thvon; ad.ia her Sawing \- ma hrmue-e ed-thirty cIt thery onsid.. Th beelina talk turniegio the absurd witibee wbhi had just heam pied c af. (hay~th.d ire ae t the sl'fated Oper night when sheerUelf wa "brt oat ' in the Roe Chanmee d'&n; ta ervee years ago. She wa?-unainard at thet time,-sad one TI?ereday reeived a vilt frem a? auget of one of the companie .wh had hbrought her the seow sry formal document. toigu-in faetthe policy of iourance. !' Oh,': said Saab, ."I'to, b,'sy to .go ieto it today.. O fI again, will. ou 1"-'" Certainly, Mademol .see, with pleasure. Ill come to-mOrrow to get your ?agoatnre, which is now all that rT. mains to bwdone to complete the in'urance." "What I" she exclaimed, "sgln aoything,nc a Friday I', Never in the world I. I. colln't do. soh a thingi Cma on Saturday mm n oing. and I'll compcete the matter." .-The mxt -ight the beautiful *pparteat in the Rue Chbae-j.-d'Antin wa" berot, ead with it every vestige of 9S ah's property, while she had to pay 25.000 francs compensation foe the damage done to the goods and chattels of th other loeataires. She madesscream.with laughter as she-told us in hbe inimitable manner of the rreco of her old grandmother, who th-n lived with her; bow .theieille danr was carried down the b?oring stair by a yocongomacur in evening garb, wo male her.hestride.his shoulders, albeit she was in the most complete deshabille; how, little lMaurice, her seon, then about six, couldn't be persanded that the fire was anything but'a prectrilr, got for his particular benefit, and bow, clapping his ba ids with glee, he gaily: demanded, as he wu being carried away from the scene of the conflagration,' " ?'r't e qn c 'nt 'Ye ca, Pttite maman-s- fee d'arti. rfe?" It was, as I hare.shown, anything but a cce. of ' ?ireworks" for Sarah, who was, however; none the lea determined to tell sa the lpha sand omeqa of it . Yet another.atory of this enfd*t gdte she told nL. It was the morning-of his birthday, a few days after the fire, and with the fiant streak of d In. Maurice rushed .into hi. mother's room, with "Boi. jour, petite eoma ! Al lnjeordhui jai sit. ans, nest cer p !" ' Oui monu fils." " E Seirn, rn ve?t mers ai.ras Jr rear men si.r ans,! Donner.-min ss ir as!"' " " Finding it im posible to explain .mntt4 to;him,". aded Sarah, "and as he was mksinmenooughnoiso for -a dozen children,-I:etoakhim -up in my.. arma.and--" Well, you Oill imagine what happened when I tell yoen that Maedme, Sarah finished the sentence by an expreasive bit of pantomime coneistingot three sound ing slape of the hands. It pleases Sarah Bernhardt to be told that she is getting stenter, as-she undoubtedly is. Those who know the singularch rm of her manner will not require- any assuorancecon earning it on my part;. those who are: n. acquainted with' Mdame Bernharbt would hardly realise her gaiety rnd her winning ways by reading any words of mine. She is richly dowered with tact, and makes you go away with the gratifying idea that your visit has not only conferred the greatest possible amount of pleasure upon her, but has been thebore solitary thing f.r which she has klnged ad which:is to her as the oisisin the desert is to the.eiry.lravelldsr., Sarah $irn. hardt;llkis to- htcaa all'about the London eersasei, spiks -In very flattrzig- terms of Mrn. Bernari.Beere's talent, and perhaps.in. qis'rwhat our leading hstriaon make s year bythe exercise of:their art. . SShe lerself gets 1500 frk:cs (£60) for each representation. As,- lieludion the matitd'; there aye eight performances en a week, that 'comes. o the respoctable figure of £tB0 po ar',aise. Not so bad as times go, even for the leading'ttayrdienne of the century.' 