English and Foreign. Old Country Motes. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, June 1. After the short controversy which followed the debate in the House upon Imperial fortifications the Press dropped the subject, it being apparently too big to be continued without further knowledge. The recess meanwhile coming ou, there have been one or two meet ings held in London to bolster up the alarm which the Daily Telegraph raised as to our national defences, or rather the absence of them. At first it seemed as if the Lord Mayor had got into very hot water for taking the stand he did and boldly announcing that he would be no party to the discreditable panic which was being worked for interested motives, but on the whole he has gained in public esteem. The largest mooting was one held on Monday last in the London Chamber of Com meroe to make the samo representations as to the Navy which had been previously made as to the Army. The subject was "Our Mercantile Marine Defences," and theprincipalspeakerwas Admiral Hornby. Unfortunately, however, the same thing happened with this as with the military business. At that meeting there were generals, colonels, and people connected with the Army; at this there were sailors, groat shipping oompanies, and persons generally interested directly in the question. But the discussion took a wide turn, and it was urged by Lord Carnarvon, Lord Brassey, and others that we want a number of light cruisers aud a different system altogether to defend our mercantile commerce. The papers, however, have been ventilating rather the question of the Chinese agony, apropoit of Sir Henry Parkes's action with regard to the Chinese. All authorities, so far as I have seen, that are worth anything sympathise with the Aus tralians and the difficulties in whioh they are placed, and there have been many letters published speaking in the bitterest terms of the evils of the Chinese occupation system. The most responsible authorities, however, have expressed grave doubts whether Sir Henry Parkes has not been unwarrantably precipitate in taking the course he has done. Amongst other letters whioh have appeared in the papers I may especially mention one dated from the Carlton Club, and signed " A Past Governor of Queensland." Who the writer is I do not know, but the general opinion is that it is ex-Governor Cairns. As you might sup- Cfrom a remembrance of this gentleman, he a word to say on the Chinese side of the question. The charge of immorality against the Chinese is, he says, quite an after-thought, —not believed in as a charge by those who urge it, but intended for people who would be indifferent to the daily wages rate in Australia. He then goes on to say :— The late Sir Arthur Kennedy, after a long experience of the Chinese in Hongkong, was tent to Queonaland as Governor of that colony; and the flnt thing he did wa« to introduce, after some haggling with the Brisbane officials, a complete staff of Chinese male servant*, who had terved himself and family for years. It is monstrous that, in order to keep the rate of wages up to Ba. a day or more, the tropical portion* of Australia should be closed against this deft and industrious race; and it in even I think, more monstrous still that we, who forced the Chinese (and Japanese) hand in requiring them to open their country to our people and trade. should now be compelled to fall in with unmanly, unchristian, and shortsighted action full of peril from an international point of view. This letter appeared in the Times of Tuesday last, but on the following day a letter appeared from Mr. Henniker Hoaton, M.P., headed " The United States of Australia." I think I may venture to quote it in full:— The Chinese difficulty if unfortunately assuming a new phase, and no man can foresee the result, because the whole question of the relation of th« colonies to the mother-country is now being discu«aed. lam not at liberty to make use of the telegraphic information I have from Australia, but the following historical re> ■uml will indicate the serious position of affairs. During the past few yean the connection between Kng land and Australia has been considerably undermined by the Colonial Office. First, we lost the, major portion of, New Guinea to Germany through the act of Lord Derby; again, we made Australia angry by our negotiations with Ffance regarding the transportation of convicts to New Caledonia; following this, we made a fiasco in dealing with Franco, and in order to get France out of the New Hebrides we made a present of other valuable inlands and harbours near Australia; and to-day, it in alleged, we have refused to allow Australia to make tenus with China of eauat value to those made between China and the United Btates of America in order to stop an influx of Chinese to Australia. It has now came to this. The policy of the Colonial Office is to force the various and perfectly independent Australian Governments to become the United States of Aus tralia. Sir John RobertHon and Sir Henry Parkes my that as leading Australians they warn the British Government of the consequence of thin forcing; iind in spite of this, Lord Knutsford is reported in your columns to have said that if the AuHtralian Govern ments-will join together *nd make common cause, then, and only then, will he communicate the character of the negotiatiqns between China and the home Govern ment on the AuHtralian difficulty. Far above the mere Jinestion of Chinese immigration to Australia, there ore, arises that of tho relations between the colonies aud the mother- country. Tho true policy is to ut once admit the colonies to a junior partnership in Imperial affairs and allow them to have a voice in the settlement of treaties which so vitally concern them. To force the Australian colonies to become the United States of Australia is suicidal if we desire Imperial federation. The true policy is to have a Council of State at which the colonies and (unquestiqnably) the mother-country will confer, qn the same plan that partners in any mercan tile firm confer, ana whatever decision may be arrived at should be fought out with outside Powers on a common basis. We arc now threatened with an imme diate crisis, and are reminded that Australia is as large as the United States qf Amerip*, and has a larger population than AmeriQa had when she proolajmod her independence. The gravity of the situation is nuoh that not a moment should be lost in dealing with the question. If Australia should separate from the mother-country our whole Empire will crumble and England will be reduced to the level of another Hol land. During Monday and Tuesday we were in hourly expectation in London of receiving news of the death of John Bright, and nume rous inauiries were telegraphed to One Ash, at Rochdale, where the right hon. gentleman lay, suffering from a serious attack of congestion of the lungs. The Prinoo of Wales sent an inquiry by telegraph. There ia not a great deal in common, probably, between the Prlnoe of Wales and the former tribune of the people, but their great medium of sympathy was found in a good cigar. The old reformer and anti- Corn Leaguer has always been a great, if not an excessive, smoker, and there was no more familiar presenoe in the •moUng>room of the House o! Commons, until within the last two or three years than John Bright. When this many years ago came to the Prince of Wales's knowledge his Royal Highness said that, although the member for Birmingham might be a devil of a Radical, ho must have something srood in him when he wan so excellent a judge of v cigar and so keen a sportsman in hit* salmon fishing. He thereupon got an introduction to Mr. Bright, and that gen tleman spent an evening in the smoking-room ut Marlborough House, at which it has always been said that he amused the Piince conside rably and at the same timo impressed him by the plain-spoken remarks he made as to what tho House of Brunswick owed to Liberals and to Radicals. Probably the Princo and Mr. Bright have met at least every session since, and his Royal Highness was actuated by the personal sentiment as much as by that strong feeling of common sense whioh makes him so popular when he telegraphed to One Ash to know how the sufferer was progressing. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain also sent a message of inquiry. It so happens that these two statesmen are, over the Home Rule question, rowing in the same boat; but it is no secret that there never has been any great cordiality between these two prominent politicians representing Bir mingham. Mr. Bright is considerably past the " three-score yearn and ten." He has not, however, spite of his temperate mode of living, been a man of robust health. John Bright ceased to be the greatest orator of his age about eight years ago. He still makeß fine speeches, but the voice has be?n only the ghost of that silver trumpet that used to play upon an assembly with magic power. He has also had during recent years to use notes very freely, and tho absolute weak ness of his voice has not been improved by a perpetual huskiness. Three years ago his medical man besought him to speak as little as possible, either in the House or in public He gavo up late attendances at the House and was seldom seen in tho smoking room. Yet only last week he travelled down from London by the Pullman car. He went to the Friends* meeting-house, as has been his invariable custom, in Roohdale last Sunday, though he had been suffering from a bad cold for a fortnight; and imprudently enough— tempted no doubt by the sunshine—he went without an overcoat. The east wind would seem to have done its work, for on the Monday morning he was seized with a shivering fit, be came rapidly ill, and had to take his bed. The latest telegrams represent the patient as being alarmingly weak. Amongst the colonials whom I have met during tho present week, the Queensland elec tions have of course been a very prominent subject of discussion. A good many men seem to be surprised at tho result, while others, as I know, have declared from the first that Sir Thomas M' llwraith would succeed, though no one supposed he would come back with so large a majority. The one cause of anxiety amongst some Queenslanders living in London has been uncertainty as to whether the change of Ministry will also mean a change of Agent- General. The politician, of course, under stands that there would be no cause for criticism, much less for complaint, if Sir James Garrick were superseded. There is, however, but one opinion amongst men belonging to other colonies, amongst Queenslanders, amongst Government people and politicians, who are interested in the affairs of the colony as to the excellent manner in whioh Sir James Garrick has performed his duties and advanced the credit of the colony in all directions ; and his well- deserved popularity in London may ho attributed as muoh to the utter absenoe of flunkey ism in court matters on his part as to his dignified filling of the position whioh he has so long occupied. There are some Agents-General and some colonials who are not spoken of without a sneer, but no such reflection has ever been cast upon Sir James Garrick. 