Eitetatoe. THE WEAKER VESSEL. A KOVBL By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of ' Joseph's Ooat,' ' Rainbow Gold,1 'Aunt Rachel,' &c.; f Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIV. The days and the weeks went by and winter was back again. I heard bat little ?of the people with whom this history con cerns itself. I had bidden good-bye to Pole sorrowfully and reluctantly, and had returned to my duties in Paris, leaving Bim to go back to Warborough to tend the last days of an old man who had been nearly all his life a stranger, and to aban don the dead and buried hopes which lay behind him in London. It is never a use ful or an admirable thing te rave against the nnescapable. The common sense of £be proverb is final, and the last word which is to be spoken on that question ; lieB in its curt jingle — what can't be cured must be endured. Endured it has to be, -after' one fashion or another, and Pole took bis share of the inevitable, to my thinking, like a hero. It is a common . cant of opinion, as often falsified as justified by fact, that the men and women who take misfortune or joy most calmly taste the bitterness of the one or the sweetness of the other with a fulness of suffering or pleasure xmknown to the more expansive and- ex plosive sorb. I have always combated this judgment, perhaps because I am myself a, rather expansive kind of person, but I know that in Pole's case it would have found as strong a confirmation as a general theory can gather from a single instance. He said nothing, and he felt the more. Worcta would have eased him ? if he could have brought himself to speak, but he was one of those who have to break before they can bend, and any revelation of his own feelings would have been too terrible. He wrote me now and again, simply and briefly, and his letters made no allusions to the past. They spoke of lord Warborough's fading health oftener than of anything. I never knew, as a matter of actual fact, but I was fairly certain that Pole had told him of the plot his wife had laid. I daresay the discom fort of this knowledge weighed consider ably upon the old man's enfeebled spirits. These letters of Pole's, with their mono tonous news of a monotonous life, were infinitely mournful to me, and Claras comxnnnicatdonB by-and-bye -became, for various reasons, almost as disquieting. . One lieB before :me npwyihe foreign letter paper discolored at the folds and edges, and the ink grey -with old age. I tran scribe a part of it here, premising that ib reached me within a day or. two after my parting with Pole and my return to Paris. ** The whole household,' Clara wrote, ' has been: so unhappy for the last few clays that I really have been unable to find the heart to write to you. Mr. Dela* mere'himself Is miserable enough, but for Mm I can only have a very modified aort of pity. It is only natural to suppose that he feelB a great deal disappointed, bat he has dealt in nothing but table eloquence aJl his life, and anything which brings Una a new subject, for it seems to be welcome, more or less. I am sick of variations *on the vanity of human wishes, played in the major key, played in the minor key, played with both hands, clayed with one * hand tied up behind him. - The .man is exasperating beyond endurance, and -he treats his - daughter's serves— I say nothing of mine, because JLey don't matter, and he has no great reason to consider them— as if they were an Instrument constructed for no other «arthly purpose than to show what tunes .he can play upon them. I have broken out once about it to Mary, literally be ?cause I could not help it, and have pained her so much, poor thing, that I spent a whole night in crying, and am a horrid, red eyed spectre at this moment, with a -swollen nose. If tie' were anybody but STary's father. I should say something to lum which would shake him out of his iiateful self-complacency for a day. or two. 'I! suppose you know that Mr. Pole wrote a letter relating your strange dis covery in Paris to Mr. Delamere. It .came whilst we were at the breakfast table, and all in the highest spirits. We had been out late the night before, and were late at breakfast, the letter coming by the second. post. Mr Delamere's re -ception of it was realty and seriously tragic, and if he had not talked my sympa thies to sleep since then, and talked every merve of our minds into absolute rawless, I should have, stall been sorry for him. As it is, I ebonrd have left the house but .-for Mary. The thing that weighs upon jber mind most of all is the silly fancy that It is sinful In her to think of Mr. Pole now -that she knows that his wife is still alive, as If it were her fault that that wicked and abominable plot was made, or as if one could turn the whole current of one's xnougnta in an Hour, one aoes not say much, even to me, but she suffers dread ?f ully. . She has quite lost the sense of taste, and I have read of that somewhere as being a sign of mental suffering, or at least as going with it very often, especially In girls. I don't know why' girls .especially should be made to suffer as they are, but they really do seem to get the worst -of it. \- 'Mr. Pole had given her a number of * beautiful presents, and' one of the first things she did. after the news was to pack them all up together to Bend back to him. Mr. Delamere dropped the letter on the table when he haS read it and blurted out the truth at once, though one of the eervants was in the room. .Mary went as white as a ghost, but she said nothing at all, and when- she went up to' her own room I had to help her. If she had cried or given way at all I should have liked it better, but she was so stony about it that she really frightened me. She began in a while to creep about the room and gather the presents into a little heap. 'I have had to Btop writing, for it has made me cry to think about it. I have been crying, off and on, for days past, and now anything sets me going. Then some times at the silliest thing in the world I giggle until I cry again for very shame at my own cruelty and heartlessness. But I don't want to write about Me, and Me gets into everything, though I do try every honr to be mure like Mary. She is a downright angel She never thinks of herself or talks of herself at all. All her thought and care is to save other people from sorrow and trouble, whilst, as for me — but there is Me again. I would tear up this sheet and begin a new one, only that would be a eort of hypocrisy. I shall leave it so that you may see what 1 really am, I don't want to seem better than I am, but I want, oh 1 do want, to be better. 'I wouldn't tell anybody else these tbitgs for the world, because they seem too sacred to be talked about. But she kissed the bracelets and the rings, and the little watch he gave her — she kissed everything as she put it down on the dressing-table, and every time she gave a pitifnl little moan as if her heart were breaking. And all the white she never shed one tear. It was really awful to look at her, and I had not the courage to Bpeak a word. I don't believe she knew that I was there. ' You won't think me flippant or un feeling for writiDg these things to you, darling. They seem to be the measure of something I feel inside myself, and that, I think, is the real reason why I write them.' I know that at the time I .read a great deal into this simple narrative which no other reader could have found there, and I know that, after this lapse of years I still read into it the knowledge of the generous, tender, loyal little creature who penned the lines. 1 am not in the least ashamed to own that I cried in reading the lines my sweetheart had cried over in writing. As for poor old Pole, my heart used pretty constantly to ache about him in those days. I have given up forming lofty estimates of new acquaintances on insufficient provocation, but 1 am glad to have had a friend in youth whom I could scarcely find a flaw in. it is a good thing for a lad to have a human idol if he choose a strong and honest nature for his worship, and though I am writing of myself I have no fear in proclaiming that this same youthful faculty for hero worship is aa good and gracious a sign in a young fellow as any I know how to look for. Things went on in a dull and unevent ful way for some months, until, as I have said already, the winter was round upon us in its course once more. I got then another letter from Clara, which brought strange news indeed. It was in searching for this that I lighted upon the one I have just transcribed. The first sentence of this sew letter struck me like a blow. The very place from which it was dated had an unfamiliar look to me. . ' Gbaniley Holme, Cheshire, ' My Bear Joss — The Delamere household haB broken up, after the strangest and most unexpected scenes, and mamma has taken me te the house of my uncle, Major Grantley. Yon have often heard me speak of him. For quite a month it was evident that there was something in the air. I was unable to guess its meaning, but I saw it and felt it constantly. First of all there was some trouble between Mr, Delamere and Alary. She had resolved to join a sisterhood belonging to the Church of St. Mildred. She often spoke to me about it, and I thought it on many grounds a very ex cellent idea. It is one of those common sense, good sisterhoods where the sisters devote themselves simply to nursing the sick poor, and generally helping the poor to be good and happy. She spoke about her wish to Mr. Delamere, but he made such eyebrows over it and became so very wordy about the Degradation of the Social Ideal by Contact with Common Things that she relinquished her own ideal at once, as she alwayB did, if that grand Sultan did not immediately and entirely approve of it. I am sure the work would have done her good, and would have given her an object in life. I believe the great Turk's main objection was to the costume, though I am sure that Mary would look perfection In it, and the white, though it would be a shame to hide such beautiful hair as hers, would put a little color into her pale complexion by contrast. To hear Mr. Delsmere talk about art and costume, you would think thai at least he would have . been able to understand that. I am not trivial as you think I am. 1 am only showing you what a hollow mockery Mr. Delamere is, even where he is supposed to know something. ' Mary gave up the idea, and instead of going out and getting new interests in life, and gladdening the hearts of the poor, and doing good to hundreds with her sweet ways, she had to stop and mope at home under the ceaseless cataract of ssstbetic and philosophical chatter from the Turk. Oh, I am glad to be away from It, and to know that Mary is away from it. ' But I have something more serious than all thfB to write about. The servants grew actually impertinent, and once when Mr. Delamere ordered the cook upstairs to complain of something in his majestic way the woman jeered at him quite openly. I expected the dining room floor to open and let her down into the basement, but it did nothing of the kind. Mr. Delamere at once gave her a month's notice, and the cook said, ' Give me my - money for the last six months and I'll go this instant minute.' ' 'You shall have a cheque at once,' said Mr. Delamere, but the cook snapped her fingers at him and put her hands upon her hips. I had no idea that she could be so impolite and vulgar, for I had always thought her a rather superior woman for her station. ' 'You'd better send it to the bank and have it cashed first,' ehe said. ' I dorJfc want a two- mile walk through the mud fornothink.' ' Mr. Delamere ordered her from the room, and she went away, declaring that she wonldhave her money or her money's worth before she left the house, even if she had to take it out of him. I suppose ehe meant to say that she would rob him. 'Mr. Jones was present at this dreadful exposure, and, would you be lieve it, he has not once been near the house : since then. I am tcw orlad tn learn from mamma that it was arranged between herself aud Mr. Delamere all along that my maintenance should be paid for. She says that the arrangement was on a very liberal scale, and as mamma is not stingy in such matters, I have the satisfaction of knowing that I was a help rather than a burden to the household in that respect. . ' Very soon after this I began to* see a dreadful man about the house, and I did not at all understand who he could be. I think he lived downstairs, but he was very often in the hall, looking strangely suspicious, as if he thought that I had something about me that did not belong to me. He called Mr. Delamere 'Go vernor,' and at first I thought he might be a. humble member of the Moral Tone Association. Mamma, however, says that he must have been a bailiff — and a bailiff is an officer of the law, thongh I am sure he did not look like one. I always thought that his clothes looked as if they must have been drowned at one time in their history, his hat and boots particularly. The servants were more impertinent and inattentive tban ever -during this man's presence in the house, and .Mr. Delamere -was..; so .depressed that, he did not 'even lecture. Mary was unwell at the time the man came, and not see him until I Ore morning he went away. 'Mr. Delamere spent every hour of the day, except from dinner-time on wards, out of the house, and spoke in the morning very hopefully of having business in the city. He came home at night much downcast, and sat a long while alone in the dining-room after 'dinner. 'When Mary recovered from her cold and came down stairs I was with her, and ehe saw the man in the hall. She asked him what he wanted, and the man seemed abashed and scraped his feet on the oil cloth. Mr. Delamere came out of the dining-room and told him that he had better go down stairs. Mary was frightened, and I am quite sure that she understood the meaning of the man's presence. Up to this time I did not. But when I saw her so alarmed it unhinged my own nerves a little. After breakfast, which passed off very silently and sadly, Mr. Delamere said that he wished to speak toMary alone. I went into the library acd stayed there, reading all the morn ing. Mr Delamere went out, and shortly afterwards the postman came. The par lor- maid came into the library without knocking and threw a letter on to the table so unceremoniously that it skimmed right over the smooth leather and fell on the side I was sitting at my feet. The girl bounced out and slammed the door behind her, making a sort of defiant inarticulate noise as ehe went. I should describe it as a Bnort. You can have no conception of the extreme discourtesy of all the ser vants at this time. ' Well, I picked up the letter, and in doing that it turned out that I was the in nocent cauBe of all the unpleasantness which followed. I am quite certain now that if I had known what was going to happen I should have been justified in doing what I really did in ignorance, and I think that when yon come to know everything you will applaud Mary's con duct aa highly as I do. I saw at once that the letter came from Mr. Pole. No body who has ever seen that pikeand aabre handwriting of his, with those dogged-looking crosses to the t's, could ever mistake it for any one else's. It was addressed to Mr. Delamere, from War borough Court, for I saw the seal and the postmark. I went back to my reading and tried to think no more about it, though I wondered very much what it contained. 'When Mr. Delamere came home again only an hour later he looked really wretched, and in spite of my dislike I could not help feeling sorry for him. I showed him the letter, and at the sight of it his face changed in a startling; way. He was so agitated that he could scarcely open the envelope. He went to the window to read the letter, and came back radiant. I never saw so great and rapid a change in a face. He ran out of the room and down the hall, and in a second or two I heard the hall-door open and close noisily behind him. ' Then came my real indiscretion. I am as glad of it as I should be if I had known everything. In fact I am a great deal more glad, for I am almost certain that I should not have had the courage to do my duty. I ran upstairs to Mary, and I hugged and kissed her and danced about her like a mad thing, until she in sisted on knowing what had changed me bo. Then I told her what had happened, and you may guesa my surprise when she took it all gravely and solemnly, and seemed even to be made more sad and thoughtful by it. We had luncheon by ourselves, or rather we sat down to it, for I don't think anything was eaten, and an hour later Mr. Delamere oame in, smiling all over, and as majestically con descending as ever. For quite a long tune he had fallen from his old mag nificent manner, and had been going about as if somebody had suddenly convinced him that he was an ordinary person. His clothes Boemed to have changed. I can hardly describe to you the difference there was in him. He had not been in the house five minutes when the humble member of the Moral Tone Asso ciation went away by the area steps. Mamma conjectures that he was dia misBed, paid. ' Shortly afterwards Mr. Delamere held a conclave with the ser vants, who were all beautifully ad monished, and also paid. * *♦ While this was going on in the library Mary and I were In the dining-room. She was more agitated than I had ever seen her during the whole of her troubles, and once or twice she clutched me nervously, and I could feel that she was trembling all over. I did not understand what was going on in the next room until later, but Mary evidently understood it all. About five minutes after the servants had gone down she got up trembling and went out of the room. I could hear her voice and Mr. Delamere's, and I could tell that he was angry. That mellow voice of his can grow very sharp and sour it seems, and he soared into as high a treble as an angry woman's, 'I sat. m the dining-room, and felt more and more uncomfortable whilst he scolded ; and I grew so angry at the tone he took, though I could not hear the words, that I was actually fighting against a temptation to go in between them, when Mary came into the dining-room and her father followed her. His face was red with anger, and he was puffing from having talked so much and so rapidly. I think tbat of the two Mary was the more angry, and she looked at her father when he spoke with an expression which sur prised me, it was eo full of scorn. He went - striding up and down the room, stopping every now and again in a jerky and undignified way to tell her that she was ungrateful or that he stood amazed. You know his phrase ; he always ' stands amazed' when people differ from him in opinion. Be has been standing amazed more or less ever since I have known him. But he was too angry to be smooth and lordly about it, as be generally is. 'At last he said, growing more and more angry because ehe would not answer him, ' And you pretend to feel humiliated? You? I accepted the humiliation for your sake. Do you suppose It has cost me nothing to subdue my pride and ask a favor at this man's hands ?' Mary had taken up a newspaper which lay upon the table, and was making a pretence to read it, when Mr. Dalamere actually snatched it from her hands. 'Listen to me,' he said ; ' 1 will not endure these airs of disrespect.' Miry looked at him, and said quite quietly that there was nothing more to Bpeak of between them, and that they did not understand each other. Then she left the room, and he positively made a dash at the door to stop her. But I stood between them, and he stocd so very much amazed to see me assert myself in that way that he stopped stock still and allowed her to go. ' Of course I understood everything by this time. Mr. Delamere had Seen borrowing money from Mr. Pole. Can you imagine anything like it under the circum stances ? .'And now I have told you everything except the close of the whole business and that, I think, I told you at the begin ning of my letter, Mary Bent for me, and told me that she was compelled to leave home. She said nothing about the cause, and of coarse, knowing what I did, I could not venture te ask her any ques tions. She asked me to wire to mamma at once. 1 did so, and mamma came up to town next morning in a state of great astonishment and took me away. She begged Mary to accompany us, but it was of no use to try to per suade her. She said she had plans of her own. What they are 1 do not know, but ehe has a little fortune of her own, which belonged te her mother and brings her in not more than a hundred pounds a year, poor thing. I am certain that out of this she means to pay back to Mr. Pole the money her father borrowed from him. Then I think Bhe will join the sisterhood ; ;but that Kill be a very different affair for her now, especially if Air. Pole's loan was a large one and she has to impoverish herself to pay it. 'I have told mamma what I am going to write down now. She Bays it is a most in delicate and unladylike proposition for a girl to make, and that I have no right to allude to such things. But if other people care to be so exquisite about there own delicacy when they can do good by sacri ficing a little of it I don't. The proposition, my dear John, is this. You are to work your very beBt and hardest, and to get aa soon as possible Into a position to make a home of your own. Then I suppose you will marry a certain undeserving young person whom you profess to be very very much attached to ; that young person will have her own money and be quite rich when she is married, and she and you will make ths darlingest and best girl in the world come and live with us. That doesn't sound quite gram matical, but I think it says what I mean. The Grand Turk may think what he pleases, and may shower his cataracts of drizzle on anybody he can find. Think of Mary Delamere, of all girls in the world, living on bread bought with borrowed money, and that money belonging to Mr. Pole !' Then came certain lines which concern myself alone, and then, in a hastily written postscript, followed this : — ' I was on the point of sending this to the post when mamma came in with the news of poor old Lord Warborough's death. She had found it in Tlie Times, where there was a short article about his career. We had all looked at the paper, and none of us had noticed it untli then. So noW Mr. Pole is Lord Warborough and a millionaire, and the o truer of I don't know how many thousands of acres. Poor young man ! I am afraid that neither his title nor his millions will make htm very happy.' (To be continued.) 