THE OUTLA WS OF TUN STALL -FOREST :.* A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WORLD' :, .,iBr: OIERT LOUIS STEVENSON, "^ " i h- et5" r.-,e- t'ireo," , ae, BOOK L THE TWO LADS. cu&Pa; ER V. -"..:"'" ' BLOODY At THE HUNTER.' The lade lay' quiet till the last footstep had ' lelted on the wind. Then they arose, and rwith many an eche, f .r they were weary with .constraint? clambered through the rums, and reoroseen the ditch upon the ratter. Matcham h na picked op th" wmudac and went first, Dick following setlle, -ith his cross-bow o, 'his arm, 'And noe,' sid M?tchaum, forth to H?olywood ' 'To Holywood I' cried Dick, ' when good fellows etant sho ? Not 1. I would see you hangedfirt, Jack ' "'Ye would leave me, would yet Matchem Ay, by my mooth,' returned Dick. ' An I be nos in time to warn these lade, I will go 7di with them. Whao, would )e have me leave my own mon that 1 have lived among ? Itrow not. Give me my windac' 'Brut there was nothing further from alstcbam'. mind. 'Dick,' he said, 'ye aware before th- t saints that ye wou d see me sile to Holy. wood. Would ye be for.eawou ? Would you desert me-a perjurre ? ' Nay, I aware Ihr the best,' returned Dick' SImeant is, oo-bato now ! Boo look ye, -Jack, stn am ai, with me. Le me but warn these men, and, ii needs must, stand shot with them; then shall all be clear, and I will on again to Holywood and purge minse -oath ' 7'e but deride me,' answered Matchbam. .'Theee men ya to succour are the same 'tha hunt met?,p- coil,.' Dick scratched his head. ? I cannot helo It. Jack,' be said. ' Here is no remedy What would ye Ye raun no great peril, man, and these are in the way of death. Death V' he added. 'Thunk of it. W'hat a murraln do ye keep me here for ? 'Give me the windac. Saint George I shall the all die r . Richard S-'elton,' said Matchsm, looking him squarely in the face, ' would ye thenjoin p?rty with S?r Daniel ? Have ye not eare! .Heard ye not this Ellis, what heeaid? or : haves' no heart i.t, your own kindly blood and' the father Ihat men slew? ?tarryd Ssl?ou," be a ,d ; and Sir Harry StBelton wayo0ur father, as the sun shines in heaver..' "' ?What would ye?' Dick cried again. -"Would ye have me credit thieves ' '-Nay, I have hear? it before now,' retuarned Matcham. ' The fame goeth currently it , ae St? Daniel elew him. He slew him underoath; in his own h-buse he shed the .n. lao . blood Eeaven wearies for the ,avieagin .Mn' t; mad you-the man's son- g anio0eat to comfort and defend the marm d:eer 1" : 'Jack I' cried the lad, 'I know not. It ma, be; what know :I! But see here. 1 \- hi man ath. brea me up and fostered me, ._and 'his men I baes hunted with and playe " aoeg; and to leavethem in the bour of P r.I-O, man, if I did that, I was stark dead ,to hobaut For certainly thieola kindness bade?bmoer etraisly than an oath. And to llnfnrendewin umen, what is that but a .peatnatb-ouneptken, butset God shell hear it t. N.y. Jack, ye would not ask it; ye -wuld not wish me to be b ae' ,'-But your father, Dick.' said Mcham. I somewhat wavering ' Your father-and your oath tome Ye took the saints to a -witness.' a ' My father,' crled Shelton. 'Nay, he g •would havmemego. If Sir Daniel slew him, when the hour comes this hand shall sl.y Sir D'aniel ; hut neither him nor his will I desertin peril. And for mine oath, good i Jack;ye shall ahsilve me of it here. For a she ives' sake of many men that hurtl \- ou not, and for me honour, ye shall set me a ý'-I; Dick ? Never!' returned Matehab , : Anyeleave me, y' are foresworn, and so I s Sshall declare it.' ' My blo d .heats,' said Dick. 'Give me I the windac--ive i mt e !' I'll not,' said Matcham. ' IIII eave you t Inyour t.ren t "'Not?' said D;uk. 'il make you !' I ' Try it.' said tree ther. .They: toon' lonkini in each other's eyes, -each-ready frea spri?r. Then Dickleaped, a Sand hnough Matcham turned instantly and i "-ed, in two -bon. d be wee overtaken, the hb ' windac was '. sed from his rasip, he we Iil thrown rouaghly to 'he groan", and Dick f stood aerooe him, flashed and menacing. r with doubled list. It was. over in three d \- second. ath .m was a baby in the hands of lhis companion, and he lay wherehe had b Sallen, with r is face in the grass, not thinking I of res'staince Dick h-nt his bhow. d SI' 1 teach yonu ' he cried. fiercel!. ' Oath c or nooath. ye may go hang for me, And heto ned and began to ran. Matchm wa-on his feet at once, ant he began ran- f, ning-o'fter him. 'What d'ye want!' cried Dick, stopping. I, ' What make we after me? So-tod off I' .t SI will follow an I please, said Mtatcham. I ' This wood is free to me.' ' Stand neck, by'r lady I' returned Dick, . Sraisin his bie ow. Ahb, ' are a brave boy I' retorted Matebam. I SShoot I' :.'Die luwered his weapon in some con- t fusiron. - ' See there,' he said, 'Y' have done me Illenough Go then Go your way in fair t wine; or whether I willor not, I must even I 'drive ou toit.' a-''Well,' said "Matcham doggedly, 'y' arelI ?the'ronger. Do your wore-. I shall not a -Iiave:to follow thee, Dick, unless thou c makest me,' he added. Dick was almost beside himself. It went agirase his heart to beat a creature so t defenceless, and for the life of him he knew I no other way to'rid himself of this,:nwel. come and, as he began to think, perhaps t tnlrule comp.noon. $' "Y are mad, I think,' he stied. 'Fool [ fellow, I am .oati?a. :o your f.es; as fast so :foot can carry me go I 'hither.' 'I c.are not. Dick,' replied the lad. ' If y' ;a?ebound to die, Dik, I'lldie too. I would I aver go with you to prison than to go free I witbn,tt y..u ' "' Welb, returned the other, ' I may stand r '?o loie?er ratmng Fol-ow me. if ye muat; !bntif ye poao .ee falae, it shall but little t advanc- your mnrk ye that. Shall have a quarrel in thine inwards, boy' , So eayini; Dick took once more to hise heels, keeping in the marngin of the thicket, I r ::ynd looking briklv abhout him as he went. '?Ati ood pase he rattled out of the dell, and _emme ? i?ain inio me sore open quaren ol I th:wiod. To the et let a lis eminence aippased spotted with golden gese, sa I mrowned wit, a black tuit of fire. :* f ihall see from there,' he thiught, and i struck for it acroes a haohy clelaring, I H De had gone bhut a few yards, when lt Matbchm onuched him on the arm, and ,1tintoe.d To the eaetward of the summitL .... , M .&. ,.. dip, and. sUlt vrlea vlnle auting 'o the other rIde ; the heath .wasn not yet oat ; all theground was ruestsy, like n n.cooured buckler, and dotted pri·p ly I with sewas ; d there, one folltwing another, Dick eaw half a score green jerins msount- I in?g the ascent, and marching at their head, I -eotspiceous by his boar-spear, Ellis Dock- I Wobth in pereon One af or another gapiad the top, showed ior a moment against the aky, and then dipped upon the further aide, I until 'be lat was gone. ,.Dick looked at Matcham with s kindlier \- -So ,' are to be true to ma Jack! he I asked. 'I thought se were of the other MorYcham began to esb. ' What cheer,' cried Disk. 'Now ths alint behold sal would you snivel for a Ye bhurt me,' sobbed Match.m. 'Ye h?art me when ye thre me down. Y' are a coward to bushe your strength.' 'Ney, that is fool's talk,' said Dick, otohy. 'Y' bud no titlea to my winds, Master John. I wo?ld 'a done right to have well hasted you If ye go with me, ye must ohey s-e ; asd so. ome' - Matcham had hali a thought to stay bebid; haut seeing that Dick continued to scour full.tilt t *ward te eminesnca..and not jeetireb a. looked aerusa his shoulder, he dii thoucbt better of 'that. and heganto cnn in turn.. So; the gronud ws very dit? u-? 5-/ -"".;; D:ck'had alr*ady a!ong stlart, and had. ata rateM, the lighter heels, and he hod long iicce coma to the summit, _oh--o0bd hi.o'lf i. •thieg tuft of- gors before Wotchm, psanting like a deer, S-eoined him, avd la down insilenes by his .Below, in theb.,ttom of a conesidershble Peblished by eseedl aerrsogmen Cll wt the • - intktr . " valley, the ?hort cut from 'Tuonsall hamlei wound aownwards to the ferry. It was well. Oneteu, a.- toea eye followed it easeli fron point to point. Here it was bordered bi open glades; there the forest closed upon is ; every bnod.ed yards it ran beside an shseb. Yet, ast far as the eye hwevd, the Woods rere empty of all human craenc? . Only far do.,n the path, the smn ehboe on seven steel selets, and from tiR a ttime, as the tresoupe?ed, Selden and his men could he seen riding briskly, still bent upon Sir Daniel's mssieon. The wind had somewhat f.llen, but trdi tussled merriy wiLth ih. trees,. and, perhaps, had Appleyard been there, he would have drawn a warning from the troubled conduct of the birds. 'Now. mark,' Dick whispered. 'They be already well advanced into the wood; their safety lieth rather in continuing frward But see ye where this wide glude nauneth down before os, and in the midst of it, three two score trees make like an island ? There were their safety. An they but can comr, sound as for as that, I will make shift to warn them.. But my heart misegven o me; they are but seven against so many, and they nut carry cross- bhose The long.bow, Jack, will have the upper moua ever. But ye spoke of partiese. Well. there be your foes that huntea for ye ; pr:srre,hbere now is your enmity ? They are but seven poor Christian men, as tendrer in the fleob as run or me, wincing at a blow ; ano noware the cruel arrows drawn that I shall trauaeperce them. Come, Jack, do ye btre them? I trow not. Pray ms a prarer fr their poor ,ul ; for thepang hall come upon them briefly.' And while both lads fell to prayer. Seldeu and his m-n still wound up the path, ignoraun of their danger, and momenutly crew nearer hand. Once, indeed, they paoeed,dsewinro agroulp, and seemed to priotI and lites, Bu t is was something Irom far away acroes the plain that had arreste th -ir atteutionu-s hollow growl of cannon uha. came, from time to time, upon she wuind, anod old of the great bastlse It was worth a tbought to be sue : for if the voles of the ° big guon were "'tha become audible in c t'unstall Forest, the fight most have rolled ever eastward, and the day, by o.neequeuce, gone ore ogainst Sir Daniel and the lords of.the dark so.a. But presently the little troop began again to move forward, and came next to a very q open, neathy purtion of the way, where but a I single tongue ot forest ran down to join I the ro ad They wee, but just abreat otf this, when an arrow shone flying O e of the men threw up his arms, his horse ?eared, I and both fell and straggled together in . mese. Even from where the boys lay they I could hear the rumour of the men's voices crying out; they could see the startled horses prancing, and, presently, as the tro.,p began to recover from their fint surprise, one fellow besioninn to dismount. A second t arrow from somewhat further off glanced in a widearcb asecond rider bit thedust Themaun who was dismounting lost hold upon the rein, i and his horseefed galloping, and dragged him I by the foot along the road, bumping from stone to stone. and battered by the fl-ring t noof?. The four who still kept the eaddie instantly broke and scattered; one wheeled and rode, shrieking, towards the ferry ; the other three, with loose rein and tiing raiment, came galloping up the road from TonetalL From every clump they passed an arrow sped. BSoon a horse fell,. but the rider found his feet and continued to pursue his c omrades till a second shot despatched him. Another man fell then another horse ; out of the whole troop there was but one fellow left. and he o foot; only in different lirections, the noise of the galloping of three riderlesashorses was dying fsst into the dietance. All thbi time not one of the assailants bad for a moment shown himself. Here and there along the path, horse or man rolled, undespstched, in his agony; but no merciful enemy broke cover to put them from their pain. The solitary survivor stood bewildered in the road beside his fallen cuarger. He had come the length of 'hat broad glade, with the island of timber, pointed out by Dick Be was not, perhaps, five hundred yards fromm where the boys lay hidden; and thes c nod see him plainly, looking to and fro in deadly expectatron. But nothing came; and the man began to pluck up his courage, ard suddenly unsluong and bent his bow. At the same time, by something In his action, Dck recognised Selden,. Akt his offer of re.istance, from all about him in the covert of the woods there went up tir sound of laughter. A ecore of men, at least, for ibis wa, ihe very thickest of the ambush, joined in this cruel and on lime mirth. Then an arrow glanced over Selden'. shoulder ; and he leaped and ran a Ittle back. Another dart struck quivering as his hee? He made for the cover, A shied shaft leaped out right in his face, and fell short in frnt'Of him. And then the Insghier was repeated loodly, rising and re-echoing from different tnickets. It was plain that hi aesailants were but baiting him, as men, in those days, batted the poor bull, or as the cat still trifles wi th he mouse. The skirmish was well over; fur her down Sbe road, a fellow in green was areamdy calmly gathering the arrows; and now, in the evil pleasure of their hearts, th-y gave themselves the spectacle of their poor fellow sinner in his sorture. Selden began to understand; he uttered o Iond toar of anger, shouldered his cross bow, and sent a quarrel ta ventureinto the wo.,od. Chance favoured him, for a slight cry re speeded. Then, throwing down his weajon, Seldeu began to ran before him up the glade. and almost in a straight line for Dick and Matabam. The companions of the Black Arrow now began to shoot at tim in earnest. But they were properly served ; their chance had Sast ; most of them had now toshoot against the sun; anc Selden., s be ran, bounded from side to side to baffle and deceive their sat. Beet of all, by turning up the glade he had defeated all their preparations4 there were no marksmen posted higher upthan the one whom he had just killed or wounded ; and the confusion of the foresters' coonsels soon became apparent A whistle sounded thrioe, and then again twice. It was repeate from soother quarter. The woods co aitber side became fall of the sound of people berating Ihiough the underwood ; and a bewildered deer ran out into the open, stood for a seond on three feet, with nese in air, ve'd then plnoged es.,in Innto te rhie?trs . Selden etill ran, bounding; ever and again as arrow followed him, but still would mise. It began to appear as if he might escape. Dick had his bohw armed, ready to Support hsi; even Matches, fergetful of hs itore rest, sook sides as heart for the poor fogs? tive; and both lads glowed and trembled in the ardour of their heart.. lie weeas withnm fifty yar of them, when an arrow stmuck him and he fell, e weae up aain, indeed, upon the instant; but now be ran st'goeting, and, like a blind man, tornmed aside from hiedirectien. Drcg leaped to his feet and waved to him. SHere l' be cried. ' This way I here is help I Nay, eon, fellow-run Ir But just then a second arrow struck Baiden in bshe shoulder, between the plaes of hisl brigeodine, and, piercing through his jack, brneoht him, lke s stone, toeusth.. '0 he uor hearsot' cried Matchaesm, with clasd bands. .'Aw "hek sytod psatriged poa b the hill, a ask'toe ehesy. -.' Ten to on he had speedily been bshot-for the rorestere were furioues with themsrlrs asd tlken unawares by Dick's apperanoce in the rear -f heir position-but insteotly, ot of aquarter of the wood surprisinRgly neerro the two lade, a stentorian voile arose, the voice of Ellis Dockworth. 'Bold l' it roared. ' Shoot not ll Take him rlive I It is young anelton-Harry's so'.* Ad immediately after a shrill whistle sounded severl times, and wee qagt saLke, up and replmed further off. The wbistle, it arpesred, wes John Amond.All's beattle trumpet, by which he publishid his direc. tilo. Ah, fout fortune,' cried Dick. 'We ire undone. Swiftly, Jack. Comeswiftly I' knd the 0air urmed and ran hback through the open pine clump that covered the summit of the bilL CHAPTER VI. TO TUW Durv 0 , I' was indeed high time for them to run. On every: side the company of thebs Black Armrw was making for the hilL Some being be-tr roonerel or having open gamround to run upon, had far outstlpped 'the othere, and were already clo'e oaon the goat ; some following valleys, had spresd oon to riwbt aed 1sf, and outflanked the lads on either side. Dick plurged into the nearest cover. It was a tall grove of oak,, firm under foo, sand clear of ounderbrush. and as 'it lasr down bill. they' made good speed. There followed neat a piece of open, which Dick avoided. holding to hi, left. Two minutes after, a.d •the same obetaclriheri , the id followed the sames vere.' Tens it fillowed thbat, while; the lade, bending contionally to the left, drew nearer and earer to the hiah road sed theriver which they had crossed as ..lr r yr wo t=-ure, tihe reat bulk of a he r orsuere were leaning to the other hand, a' d running t.aards Tunstall. Tne ldse raiueed to breathe. There was no round of pursuit. J:.Ck put bis ear to :ic ground, a?t still there was nott.i:i; b.,' the wind, to be sure, still made a tar. ,uoil in the treee, and it was hard to make certain. On again,' raid Dick ; and tied aslthes) Sere, and Matcham limping with his injured fot, moey .anle, themselves together, and once more welted doae the bill Traree miuns later they were breartil throegh a low tbitcet of evergreen. High overhead the tall trees made a continuouus roof of tlou gi. It was a great pillared grove, it high as cau?hedral., ad except for the I hollte among which the ladewere strugling, opon and emootbly swarded. 0 athe other aide, pushing through the lhat fringe of evergreen, ther blundered forth again into the open twilight of toe I grove. ' S ard I' cried avoie. And there, between the hue temsne, not fifty efer before them, they beheld serouas I ellow in green, sore blown with runni,, n who inestanly drew an arrow to the head and cosered tlesm .latcham stopped with a cry ; but Dick, without a pane,. ran straight upon t She forester, drae-ing his dagger as he went. I The other, whether he was startled by the daring of the onslaught, or whether he w.e I h.bnpered by bhis orders, did not h)oo ; he i aeood wavering; and before he had time to a to come to him-elf, Dick. with a greatl rr, bounded at hie troat, and senthim sprawl Ing hsckward on the nurf. The arrow went one t war and the bow another with a soundnug a twang, The disarmed forester grappled hi ,. assailant: hot the dagger shone and a descended twice. Then came a couple of c grouna, and torn Dick rose to his feet f again, and :he mtr lay motionlees, stabbed l to, the heart. SOn.' eaid Dick ; and he on more peltd forward, M.htbam trailing inthe rear. T..e S.y truah, they made hbt poor speed of it bo now.-labourinc dismall ys they ran, no ca catchibo for their breath like fish. Matcham had a crueletitch, and his head swm ; and ae for Dick, his kneae were like lead. Bat ther kept up the form of running with undiminished conrsge. Presently they came to the end of the I grove. It ,topped abrul. and thre, a a few yard- beoare them wee the highroad from lisingham to Sbiorby, lying at this point, betweeu twoe ven wallof fotre. At the eight Dick pse.ad and as sooas he stopped running, he became aware or a confused noise, which rapidly grew loader e it was at first like the rueb of a very .huih gnat of wind, bat aoon s it besme more definite, and resolved iteelf into thegallopine of horese; and then, like a lash, a whole company of nen at-arms came driving round the corner, awept before the lade, and were gone again upon the instant. They rode as for their lives, in completedisorder; someof them were wounded; riderlem hborses ga. loped me their eide with bloody eaddles. d Tney were plainly fugatives from the great battle. The noise of their oesage had earrce begon to die away towards 8boeby; before freeh hoote came echoing in their wake, end another deserser clattered down the road; thie time a single rider, and, by bhis splendid armou, a sIn of higb de bre. Close after him there folowed several beggage waggons, fleeing at an ungainly canter, the drivers flailing at the horses as if for life. Three must have run early in the , day; but their cowardice was not to save them. F.r just before they came abresaet of where the lind stood wondering, a man in backed armour, and seemingly beside himself with fury, overook the waggon. and with the Irancheon of a aword, began to cut the drivere down. Some leaped from their place and plunged into the wood; the others he I sabred as they mat, cursing them the while for cowards in a voice that was scarce I hu•man. All this time the noise in the distance had continued to increase; the rumble of carte, the clatter of horeseM the cries of men, a great confusecd rumour, came swelling on the wind; and it was plain that the ro0t of a whole army w.e pouring, like an inundation, down the road Dick stood sombre. He had meant to follow the highway till the turn for Holy woo , and now he had to change isplan. But above all, he had recognised the colour of Earl Rieineham, and he knew that the bottle had agone finally against the rose of Lancaster. Had Sir Daniel joined, and wee h- now a fugiive and rained? or had he deeerted to the aide of York, and was be forfeit to honour ? It wsee an ugly choice. Come,' he aid. ternly ; and, nulning i en hi heel, he hbegan towik forward through she grove, with Matcham limping in bia c rear. rF msa time thae estlaued to thread the foresllt in aiiteo. It wu s growns ri ; the ann we esetting in the plain beyond Kettley; the tree tope overhead glowed golden; bt the elshadowe had begun to growi daeker and the chill of she night to fell. 'If there were anything to at I' cried Dick, euddenly, peasing s he spoke. Meatcham at down nd began to weep. ' Ye can weep for yoor own supper, but when it was to save me's lives, Iyur heart was hard enough,' said Dick, oontemptn onely. * Y' 'a?e seven deathe upon your conscience, Master John; 11 ne'er forgive yon that." Ge edrOshll sh e ' Oencience !' cried Matchem, looking fiercely up Mine i sad we have the men's red blood upon your dagger I And wherefore did ye teay tim, the pour elul ? He drew hi. arrow, but he let not ly be held yu in his hand, and spwred lro I Ti as crave to kill a aitten as a man that not defeods him. self.' Dick was struck dumb. I stew him fair. I ran in upon his bow.' hie erir. 'It see a coward blow,' retureed Matcham. 'Y' are but a lout and bully, Master Dick ; ,e bit abuse advantages; let ibere come strolaer, we will ee you truckle at his booet Ye care not for vengeance, neither-for your father?e death that goes enpeid, and his poor ghost thit molanoreth for juitice. But iI these come but a poor reature In yor bhande I ,hat leeketh skill and streglb., and would befriend you, down she ehall go r Dick was too furinue to observe that SMarre r Ibe oled. ' and here s news ! Of any two the one will still be stronger. The sttertnea throweth the mr nd the worse Is well served. Ye deseve a beltig, Ma-te. Matchami, orlyor ill-gaidea en sd unthank. fulores to meward; and what ye deserve ye shall have.' And Diet. who, even in his angriest temper, atill preserved bhe aporarrnce of compoure, beg an nubuekl- his beal * 'Here hall tbe yar supper,' be maid, grimly Matcham bad stopped him tears; he was as wbire a a rt, bt he looked Dick etes-i in the face, and never moved. DicLk tok a istep, swingin the belt. The h paum. I~ emarrueeaed hy the lire eyes nd the thini weary face of his companion. Hie courage bean to sbeide. Bay ye were in the wrong, then,' he said, ' Nay,'id i Mobsrm, 'I was in the rightl. Come, reel I belakme; I be wery; I resis not ; I ne'r did thee hrt ; come, best me. coward ' Dik raied the belt e tLsee pma sotn; butMaleh?ith n winced sad drew ktm? e-If toetbthr with a cruel an mprehenaios, 'hat his heart failed him yet again. The etrap fell br his side, and he stood irreo lute, feelilg Ibke a fool. SA plague apon thee, sbrew f he eaid. 'An ye be o feeble of hand, yeahould keep th- clner murd uoon yar tongure. But I'll be bhaued before I beat on r mad hpet on his belt aeal?. * Bes you I will nos,' be continued; ' but forlive you f-noever. I knew you not; e were my meeter'e a eonem ; I lent you my bores; my dinr e have eaten: y' 'ave ciled mre a mdan' ood, e enwsaed, ando a bully. Nay, by tb masse the meusae Is filed, and runneth over. Tie a great thing to be week, I trew; ye can do your waesi, yet shall none peulth yea; ye mar areal a manes weseon in the hang of ?aeed, yet may the man an take hi own again-y' sre weak, fLreon~th I Nay, iheo, if -ne comesth charinl at yoe with a linos, and orierth he is wek e mutest l him pierce your bndy throuh l Tot I fool words I' And yet ye heat me not,' returnea Mufatoham. ' Let be,' aid Dick-'let be. I will in. Strarct you. Y' aver bees ill.nu.'ored. merhinke, and vet ve have the meLakinge of .ome srood. nd, beyred all queetioe,saveed me from the river. Nay. I hkd forgotten it; I am s thbankless sa thysltf. But come. le ns tn. And we be for Hotywood this night, ty, or io morrow early, we bhad bet set for Bat thousgh Dick had talked himself bask inti his ueual rood humour, Matchae had I forgiven him nothing. Hie violence, th? renoleeti,,n of the fore?etr whom he had I atai-aboveo all, the vision: of she npraied Said Mltucham ' Bus, il aoobth, iood Maeter ShIlton;, had tiwerr fid my;- way. aloeJo. r Here isa wide wiod; pi-the, teach' chore. tp rb;f owe you a .;i ner and ilea.u.. I atre e well . ° Nay,' cied Dick,' if that be your tune. .te it, and a plane be with you r: aech turned aside, and they began walking .ff severally, with no tbooght oithbsdiee. .?o, intent solely on their quateL Bu,. Dick had not gone ten pace. ere hir nae.. o c?ulled, and Marcham came runninc Itter. 'Dick,' he said, ' it were unomannerly to part so coldly. ere is my band, and my heart with it. For ajllhat wherein you h.ve no excellentll served and heloed me-not for the form, but from the heart, 1 thank you. Fare ye right well.' * Well, lad.' returned Dick, taking the band which was offered him. ' sood speed to on, it speed you may, But I misdoubt it ealrewdly. Y' re too disp'artioue.' So then they eseparted for the asnnd time; and presently is was Dick who wao ruronngafter Matcham. ' Rere.' he said, 'take my cross bow; shalt notgo unarmed.' ' A cares bow I' said Matcham. ' Nay. boy, I have neither the etracash to bend anr yet the skill to aim with it. It were no help to me, good boy But yet I thank you.' Toe night had now fallen, and under the tree they could noLlonger .ead each other's face D I will go eome little way with you,' eaid Dick. 'Toe night ie dek. I would fain leave you on a path, at laet. My mind mie giveth me, y'arelikely to be lot.' Without anymore words. hebegan to walk foreard. and the other ones more followed him. The blacknesa grew thicker and thicker: only bere and there, in open taee, they eraw the ski, dotted with emai oar.e lu the distance, be oise oft the rout of the Lanca.tri.n army atl continued to he faitntly audible ; but with every Step they left rt (lurob in the rem. At the end of bell en hoer of slent agres they eame forth upon a. boad ,pesc of hbath, open. It glimmered in the limh of sh etare, shUggy with en and tlanded mwb clamps of yew. And her they paused and ,ooked upon each other. - SY are weary,' Dick aid. ' Na, I am so weary, arewered Matcham. ' that methinks I u .old lie down and die.' I heer she chiding of a rives,' returned Dick. * Let us go so far forth, for I am sore athiret' rbe ground sloped down gently ; and, sure enough, in the bottom, they found a mur. mrtlngrivet, running among willowa, Here 'hey threw themselves down together by the brink ; and puttinr their mouthe to the level of a strry pool. they drank their fli. Dicsk. ' d Matcham, ' it may not be. I can no more.' ' I eaw a pit as we came down.' maid Dick. SLest a lie down therein and elp.' 'Niy, but with all my heartl' cried Matebam. The pi we as sand and dry; a shock of brambles hng oupon one hedge, and made a trtinl shelter; and there she two lade lay down, keeping close together for the sake of warmth, their quarrel aill forgotten. And soon sleep fell upon them like a cloud, and under the dew and setar they tested peace fully." (m eS coN ISmNeD.) 