OD.THE WONDER WORKER. A SERMON by C. II. SPUBGEON. " To Him wlio alone doeth great wonders ; for His mercy 'emlureth for ever. —Psalm exxxvi. 4. Beloved, when wc get into God's world of womlcr3 we have range enough. . Which way shall I turn? On what subject shall I speak? If I turn to nature it teem with wonders. Altering a little tho lan- fTft'tfrcof Coleridge. I would say, "All true sclouce with wonder and euds with wonder, aud tho space between is filled up with admiration." If we turn to Providence, the history of the nations, the history of the church, what centuries of woudera ii.vh before us. Ft is said that wise men only wonder once, and that is always ; fools nover wonder, be cause they are fools. Tho story of the church j a constellation of miracles. I cannot veu- tureupon theinesso vast as creation and providence, hiiaii we turn to tho works of grace, the wonders of redemption ? If- we- considor the glory of gmce surrounding the cross, which is the wonder of won ders, we ale upon a boundless, ocean. Here' is sea room indeed ; we aro at ho loss for d subject, but wo aro lost-iii the subject.' Now aro wo where tho height, and depth, and length, and breadth aro each immeasurable. It -was said of Dr. Barrow that ho was "an Unfair preacher, becau.s'o ho exhausted every subject he touched and left nothing for any-' one el.-'e to say.' I would.like Dr. Bjutow to try hiy text, and 1 am sure lor once he wonld liave to vary Ills style. He would only be ablo to suggest to us what might be said by ten thousand pi-eachers all occiuiied ten thousand years ui>ou the one themo. <rFo Him who alone dootli great wonders ; for His mcrcv ciulureth for ever." ifecl inclined to bow tlie kuec'iustead of opening tho mouth, and to ask you rather to meditate in tno silence of your hearts than to listen to my scanty speech. Happily, tho text assists me, for it suggests that I narrow my theme to the consideration of wonders of mercy; and that I then narrow it again to present wonders of mercy, for the text is in the present tense— "To Him who atone doeth great wonders that is to say, is doing them now. Only, thcu, of marvols of mercy shall 1 speak at this time, and I shall endeavor, as far as possible, to direct your thoughts to present wonders of mercy- I say, as far as possible, for it mustneeils be that we link with the present both the past and tlie future, because they aro all of one, aud God lives iu all the tenses at once. 1\. Our first head shall be this— God is working wonders of-wercy now. " To Ilitn who alone doeth great wonders; for His mercy ciulureth for ever." Itisomluringuow, and is iu the present tonso for ever, I believe that to-day God is doing great wonders in saving great siuners. It is a wonder that God should touch a sinner at all, yea, that He .should even look at him. A sinner is such an evil thing, his sin Is so vile, so foul, that holiness cauiiot take any pleasure in him. Ho who faiLs to oboy his Maker Is creation's blank, creation's blot ; aud it is a wonder that hi Creator should think of him with patience. But tliat God should call the sinner witli the voice of love, aniVbid him return and find favor, is a woitdor. That when lie does not return at the gracious bidding the Lord should draw him with the hand of love, is .more wonderful still. The Lord takes more trouble with a sinner than it cost llim to inako a world; lie could complete the globe in six (lays, hut it often takes many years to bringashmer to repentance, and to. perfect his salvation. The almumling of divine' wisdom, and prudence, aud long suffering, aiid patience are needod to work salvation. The Lord, travailing with compassion, goes about to compass the salvation of tho greatly erring one.' lie is still doing great wonders in changing depmved natures, breaking hard hearts, subduing obstinate wills, enlightening darkened judgments, and wiuningrebelliou minds. Spiritual miracles Jems is working still; and of this fact ln iiiy of us are instances iu our own persons, and nUo eye witnesses of like wonders wrought on others. Blossod bb' God, wo still see with wonder simiers saved by'the marvellous grace of God. The riches of Hi mercy are still displayed in the salva- c tlonofthejjost. .. / . Nor less may the wonders of tlie Lord be seen in the preservation of those who' believe on His name. :: A true believer's life is a mystery to himself and to others. Concerning the wind, thou canst not tell whence it. cometli,: nor: whither it. goeth; "so is every one tlut is born.of iho Spirit." We aro men ..wondered at Do you not wonder, my brother, that you are still a Christian? Faith is so contrary to nature that its existence in the heart is liko a spark burning in : the. sea. - Faith is. so much attacked, especially in tills evil day, that It is liko a candle kept alight in a' cyclone. Yet you havo not drawn hack utiui perdition ! Still, though faint, you aro punning. Truly if you had been mindful of tho country from '.wuich you caiuo out, you have had inftuy opportunities to return. Satan's charibts and lite hor.se havo waited upon yon with many invita- . tious to. ride, back into the land of your former slavery if1 you had a mind to go. Alas 1 the evil heart of unbelief lias lusted for tlio leeks, aiid garlic, and onions many n time. Kept alive with ucatli so near, you are a standing wonder to your own self. What groat things tho Lord has done for you. How He lias led you, instructed yon, holped you, comforted you 1 All thesoas I mention them will wake up many admiring memories, and cause you to cry, "The Lord liatli done great thing for us, whereof we are glad." To mo, also, it is a great wondor tliat God should use any of U3, we seem so uufitforllisholy purpose. Can Ho write witli such a pen as I am upon the fleshy tablet of men's hearts ? What! can lie paint a fair picture of holiuess in tho characters of my hearers with so poor a brush as I am? Then, indeed, He doeth great wonder. That which Gou doe by our instrumentality at any time— if, indeed, ; it be for Iii glory— should fill us witli astonishment. When Saul, who formerly persecuted the saints, saw Mints made under hi ministry, he was drawn out in wondering- adoration as ho wrote, " Unto me, who am less than tho loast of all saint, is till grace given." .Now, dear brethren, why may we expect tho Lord Still to do wonders? I answer, first, becauso Hi word raises our expectation. Suroly tho Lonl will not censo to work wonders, and descend to tho com- luonplace, for this book talks of great tiling and marvellous thing. Doe He not say concerning llis great grace, " As tho heavens are higher than tlie o are My ways higher than your ways, and My thoughts tuan your thoughts?" Havo we not Jpimy passages of Scripture which run in this wise— Though your sins bo as scarlet, they shall bo as White i as snow?" Tlio universe is eliuUengcd by the question, " Who is a God liko unto thee, tliat par- uoiiclh iniquity, and passetli by tho transgression of the remnant of His heritage V " Hear our Lord fwoak, aud iuvite tho laboring aud heavy ladon to — » re- .Hear Him declare ilmt "all manner of Bin and blasphemy shall ho forgiven unto mon." Bear how Hi apostle declare that the blood of JMU3 Christ, His Son, clcansoth us from all sin." J aul, t iat chief of sinners, sets himself forth as the i. a,i t pattern according to which God will work ' Uulie after age. This inspired book does not pro- anne us small thing. It is not pitched iu a low key. Loneernlnjr the multitude that will bo saved in tho «£ F- l'a>'V it speaks iu grand terms, saying Aation that knew not Theo shall run unto Thee. i 0 hare -ho much to this effect that I will not stay to quoto Ike passage ; only of this we aro sure, day wo shall hear tho glorious shout, HaHeUyah! for the Lord God oiunipotentreigneth." Anyono who is familiar with Holy .Scripture will expect that God will continue to work wonuer in the ieatm of grace. beloved, wo have soinothing more tluin bas ovidently inailo preparations for doing great things. When Ho made the covenant of Kwce to be tho very soul and centre of all His "!ie.n l0 pot it first, and- last, and. midst, Ho intend littlo things." Jehovah doe not swear by Himself about trlllcs,' nor lift Hi liyjid to i S50n c.on,niiiig small matters. Tlio very exia- «l!l ? 0 lo everlasting covenant is the suro f grace onagrand scalo— grace magnl- atoniliment of nil Intelligent being. W hen tlie glorious Son of tlio Highest camo from i!tV?a,:an vbod His Gixlhead iiniuman llcsh, IIo t IS i r S|U bi majestic character. An incarnate God grace to our humauity. And when, B..I? ; Inan in ono person, our Lord Jesus, fiu uored sharno, and spitting, and scourging, anil thi and bowed Uimsolf at last to death, !!il . 01 Hi passion cannot mean the salva- i! or a <pnjstlomiblo salvation for many. £vm«3t foretell a sure saivatlon for a multitude of suiqers, Stupondoua guilt is Intended to bo washed away by the blood of so divine a sacrifice. If our Lord Jesus Christ ito receive a reward com mensurate with His accomplished work, wo may safely look for tiling which shall amazo the world. Such a feast as I see spread within tho royal hall () grace i not intended for a handful of guests. B hen oxen aud fatling are killed to provide such abundant meat, tho host must havo an eye to vast numbers of guest of voracious appetite. ' The pro vision of grace iu Christ Jesus is so abundant that it must w meant for a wonderful assembly of needy soul. Come ye, and try tlie freeness and fulness of Christ, and see if ye be rofusod. Dear friends, we are not left to promises and pre paration. Our faith is continually refreshed by new fact. I have the great happiness of frequently seeing very extraordinary instance of God's grace among sinful men. I will not rotate even one of them, but my memory is stored with them. Often iny eye are tilled with tear when I grip tlie baud of a convert who but a little while ago was a blas phemer and injurious, a Sabbath- breaker, a drunk- am, and sunk in every form of uucleanness. When T-see such a man converted, renewed, and made holy, because the J,ord has met with him ami revealed Himself to him through the preaching of the word, my eyes are filled with tear of wondering jy- When I find that such a poor testimony as I am able to bear is made by God's grace effectual to work a total change of naturo, I am overwhelmed wtth wondering and grateful emotion. To see the Lord lift wretches from the dunghill and set them among the imiico of Ills people, cause us to hold up our hand in joyful astonishment, and ascribe all praise " To llim who alone doeth great wonder — for Hi mercy emlureth for ever." # Thcjoylethatyouand I assembled liefo this morn ing either are, or may be, personal instances of the wonder-working power of God. O my hearer, if thuu wilt now . in thy great sin accept great mercy, thou mavest have it ! If thou wilt. come with all thy evil habits binding thee, and ask to be set free from them, tlie great Redeemer willbreak those manacles from thy wrist,- and give tlice a glorious liberty. Is not our Lord named Jesus because He shall save His people from their sins? If thou be tlie greatest sinner out of the bottomless pit, if thou wilt look to Christ upon the cross, and trust in Hun alone, thou slialt bo born again, thou shalt pass from death unto life, and thy many .sins shall ho forgiven thee. Some of us aro always wondering every day why the Lord loved us, why He bought us, why He sought us, and why He continues to acknowledge u; aud our heart's desire is that all of you who coino to this house of prayer may become similar wonders of divine grace. Tho Lord grant that the wonders may begin tins morning. We are assured that among us upon whom the ends of the earth have come, 44 tlio Lord doeth great wonders." Did I hear anyone say, Tntly, if I were converted it would be a wonder?" es, you aro excellent raw material for God to work upon In the creation of a wonder. Didlticarnnotlier say, 11 A person Is here tills morning who, if he were saved, would be a wonder indeed V Pray for liim, then. Pray at once, distinctly, for him, in the glad hope that he will be another wonder. Tlie God of infi nite mercy looksoutforroom for His grace to work in, and space for almighty love to display it power, lour uecossity, feebleness and emptiness are the space in which infinite mercy finds elbow room for its onergy. He 41 who alone doeth great wonders" looks for the greatly guilty and the greatly needy, tliat In them He may reveal His grace. Oh, that my heart were enlarged, and my mouth wore opened fitly, to encourage you who think you are beyond tho bounds of divine mercy : Oh, think not that the grace of God can never come to you ! . The Lord elightcth in mercy. He lovo3 to do tliat which is unexpected by tho heart of uiau. He delights iu surprising men with His grace, and-getting to Him- sslf renown by His love. Ho will, for llis own namo's sake, do great wonder of mercy, Because no reason can bo found in men themselves, the-Lord resolves to find it in Himself ; ami therefore lie lavishes Hi grace that Ills glory may be wondered at, both in heaven and in earth. II. I pass on to another phase of the same thought ; for upon tins one thought I mean to harp at this tune, so. that this one . note shall linger iu your ears for many a day. Our first head has been that God is working wonders of mercy : our second point is that these wonder are still great. "To llim who alone doeth groat wonders." We have heard of wonders that were not great, for they were not even true. Tlio magician of Egypt withstood Moses with their enchantment, and false prophets have much relied upon tricks and deceptions. Antichrist to this day i prone to use lying wonder. But God's wonder aro real— they are truly wonderful, and aro not mere pretence. Neither nature, nor Providence, nor grace, lends any countenance to mere outside appearance— tho deeper you go to God's wondet& the more wondcr- fnl they arc. That which the I/)rd doeth is pecu liarly His own. ' Even as tlio magicians said—" This is the finger of God"— and ceased from tiieir con juring. They had touched upou the illimitable, and wore forced to pauso. Why doth God work great wonders of grace ? I answer, because Ho is great and greatly wonderful. He acts according to His nature when lie doeth great wonders. Ho is so wonderful a God that no one has evor formed an adcquatcconceptioii of Hiiu. We do not understand God, uor can we comprehend Him. Wo know that there is such an one, and we love and praise Uitn ; but to say that we understand God as a man is understood of his fellow would be very far from tlie trntli. Ten thousand minds, edu cated to tlie highest, and even filled with the Holy Ghost, if tlicy could unito their largest ideas, could not compass tho infinite Jcliovab.. You have filled so many little cups with the watci'3 of the sea, but you are as far oft as ever from having taken up tho great deep. . It is hut natural that tuo Infinite Ono should do great wonders. The Lord is inconceivably great, and therefore wo are unable to imagine a limit to what He may do ii\a direction so much His own as that of mercy, sinco God is love. Assuredly, to bo great in everything Is after the manner of tho great Lord. He doth greatly pardon, greatly renew, greatly love, greatly bless, greatly glorify. Oh, tliat we would' -believe Him to be great, then should we with Mary sing, 44 My soul doth magnify tho Lord, and my spirit dotli rejoice in God my Saviour." This leads mo to believe tluit the Lord Jesus will yot save greater sinners than He ever did save, if such sinners thorc be. Our Lord celebrated His en trance into Paradise by tho salvation of a thief, and soon after His resurrection ' He restored Peter. He will always be saving thieves, ami restoring back slider. He went after Saul of Tarsus; who was botli a porsocutorand a blasphemer ; and Ho mean always to be saving sinner of that kind. That Phil- lipean gaoler, converted at the dead of night, is hut a specimen of the sort of hard, rough, cruel brute that He will still subdue by III mighty grace. The Lord will go on to save great sinner, for lie lias put His hand to tho plough of grace, aud He will not look back. - ' Jesus reigns on Zion's bill, Ho receives poor siuners stUL" Tlie very guiltiest, aud most hardened, nnd most daring of rebel are welcome to come to Jesus aud look to llim and live. How pleased I am to preach this gospel ? Oh, that 1 could preach it better ! I expect tho J«ord to go on saving groat sinner by those words of mine, and thi sliall be to the praise of the glory of Iii grace. Tlio Ijortl is working great wonders of delivering grace. Are any of you in great trouble' or "great ; danger? The Lord that delivered David out of tlie paw of tho lion, and out of thopaw of tlio hoar, and trom the hand of tho unclrcunicised Philistine, will deliver you also with a groat deliverance. Ife tliat saved Daniel in the don of Hons, and brought hiiu out unbanned, oven Ho that walked with tlie holy children in tlie burning tier) furnaco, i the same God still. He can, He will, He doth deliver. You shall see Hi great wonder if you will but trust in Him. You that are tossed about and sorely pained with tho present state of tho church of God, you may look for wonders of graco. I expect our Lord to do great wonders at till timo by .sending us great revival of religion, or in some other way making bare Hi liolv arm. What shall withstand llim if He doth hut arouse Himself ? In former age tho light has burned very low, and then tlio Lord lias trimmed the lamp. Tho Lord has snoken, and great liavo been the multitudes of them that havo published lli word. Then 44 king of armies did ilco and she that tarried at homo divided tho spoil." It shall be so still. Oh, Thou that doest great wonders, tight for Thyself this day, aud mako tlie adversaries of Thv truth to melt away. Let u pray for tho visitation of tho Holy Spirit ; hut never let u give way to doubt, even for a moment. 44 There fore will not we fear, though tlio earth be removed, and though tho mountain bo carried into tho midst of the sea. The Lord of hosts is with us ; the God of Jacob Is our rofugo." Now wo have got some good way into our text— "To Hun that doeth great womlora" bo glory for ever and ever. TIL Tlio third point is thts-tlieso groat wonder aro wrought by God olono. He alone dootli great wonder; Lay emplm.sU heavily upou the word "alone." When it i said that He doe these great wonders alone," it mean that lie doe them when nobody can help Him. My friend, you cannot do anything; you are now reduced to utter impotence, undcr'a .sense of sin. Your fear that you cannot even be lieve or feel ; but the Lord is all-sufficient, and He alone doeth great wonders. He can ilo all for vou, .ami work all in you. What .strange creature we are ! We feel tliat wc must try to help God. What folly is this ! O poor creature of a day, didst thou helpHiin to make the world? Where wast tliou when the mountains were brought forth? O feeble creature, what canst thou do? Canst thou help Him in Providence? He asks no aid from thee. 1 liavo known some poor soul complain that thev cannot feel their nothingness ; and they fancy tliat if they felt their nothingness, Christ could then savo tliem; This ia odd, i it not? Here is a man who must need help God by hi nothingness. Out of the way with you ! You do but block the road. Stand aside, aud let graco work. What canst thou do ? Do you- reply, 44 1 must believe and repent?" I know you must, but 41 True'beltef, ami true repentance, \- Every grace that bring us nigh, . 'Without money, . ... . Come toJesus Christ and buy." Jesus Christ comes to save you just as you are, and IH salvation come to you whero you are. When they make railways in 'England they usually carry them sufficiently far from a town to give work to an 'omnibus. .Seldom does the station .stand near the house-whero one wants- to go. The. railway to heaven is of another sort ; it comes to your door. Jesus comes where you are, ami meets vour actual condition.- Though you lie at death's door, Christ . comes as the resurrection anil tlio life. 1 .Though you pine in the vestibule of hell, almighty mercy comes to free yon; from condemnatipn. Iir your spiritual helplessness and hopelessness, Jesus come to you, saying, 44 Trust mo now. to be all in .all to you." Praiso hira- who alone, without your puny aid, or tho.aidof.priest, or .tlie aid of. mortifications aud penances, can vcmovo your sins, and mako you pure and holy. 'His own arm brings salvation to those who trust Uitn; and Ho : alone dbetli great wonders. When the Lord .uses means in the salvation of a soul, He takes care that nobody shall praise the mean or ascribe the salvation to the agent. Ho has many way with Hi most useful servants of making them keep their places ; ami you will notice tliat jis soort as ever anyone of'thom begin to grow rather large in his own esteem, he is usually met with weak ness and barrones. Wo must, bretliern, keep self out of the way. We must put ourselves absolutely into God's hands, that He may use us in the winning of souls, and then we must send tho great I down, down, down, till it is burled out of all remembrance. They tell us tliat when you go fishing it i wise to stand back and keep yourself out of sight as much as possible. Tlie fish that see you wilf not take the bait. The, Lord will not do great wonders in company, but alone. Ilis servant must not set up to be master, or they will he sternly relinked. On the throne of grace God will brook no rival. If we are to see Jesus increase, we must decrease. If Christ goes up, self goes down. Tlie Lord saith, " My glory will I not give to another." We shall he made to forget the 'minister, and every other worker, and recognise the fact that the Lord alone doeth great wonders. O bretliern, when I think of what the Lord lias done for some of us by forgiving aud saving lis, how His glorious name rises and fills the whole heaven ! God Is not to bo compared with any — they vanish as Ho appears. The Father is everything. He alone doeth great wonders when He receive the return ing prodigal. The son of God who bore our sins in Hi own body on the tree is everything to us, and He alone i the Wonderful. Bhen we shall see llim'itwillboas tlie Lauib in the midst of the throne. Wo sliall give no praise for our salvation to any but Himself, and tliat Divine Spirit who regenerate us. Beloved, we rely on no influence of any sort save tliat almighty influence which pro ceed from the Holy Ghost. " He alone doeth great wonder." Thi should be a great comfort to those of you who aro not yet saved. If I were in your condition I would try to catch at the text this morning. God Himself is able to snvo. Trust Jesus and live. Here also is comfort for children of God who are exercised concerning the state of the churches. Bo encouraged, for the. Lord, who alone doeth great Wonders, is equal to ..the' emergency. Perhaps lie will strip us still more. Perhaps lie will take away ovory able man that now preaches tho gospel, and when our Gilvins, aud Luthers, and Zwiugle are all dead, then, may be. He alone will do great 'wonders. Bo it so, if it pleascth llim, for He must havo all the glory. The extremity of the church shall be tlie opportunity of God. But, man of God, rest thou suro that Hi everlasting purposes will stand, and His divine covenant of mercy will cudure for ever. IY. I close with ray last lieacl— upon which I will speak briefly. Beloved, if you know anything about these wonders, these great wonders, these wonder in which God stands alone, then remember that for these wonders He is to be praised. This verse is an ascription of praise. 44 To Him who alone doeth great wonders, for Ilis mercy emlureth for ever." It means— to Hiiu bo tliank and praise and power and honor nnd majesty for ever ami over. Oh, that we could fill the universe with praise ! If you will begin to praise the Lord for nis great wonders of mercy, I will tell you what will linppen to you. First, we shall find Hi nature revealed to us. " O give thanks unto the Lord, for lie is good." Wo Khali begin to seo the essential goodness of God, and then we shall tho better understand the mani festations of it as seen in ten thousand ways. This Is something to learn. Wo learn through the habit of praise to know in n measure what God is. Next, -while -prateing for Ilis wondors, thou wilt loam to adore Ilis Godhead. "GivotliAuksuntotbe God of Gods." It is a grand tiling to bo deeply im pressed that God is God." Hatli He not said, "Be still and know that I am God." Wo do not know what God is, but we know that He is God ; wc can not comprehend Him, but we apprehend this much — tluit he is God. It is the greatest thought a man' can evor think when lie thinks that God is God. I would have theo prateoTIim until thou knowest that Ho 1 God; for thou wilt treat Him as Ho should bo treated when thou dost distinctly recognise the glory of His deity. . If thou wilt keep on praising Him for His wondors thou wilt coino to Know soiuowhat of Hissovereignty. " O give tlianks unto tho Lord of Lords," for Ho rule over all thing, both in heaven and in earth, and in alldeop places. '-I reverontly adore and heartily love tho doctrine of tho sovereignty of God. Those word which are terrible to the ungodly aro sweet to htm who knows tho love of God—" I will havo mercy on whom I will havo mercy. I will liavo compassion on whom I will liavo compassion." We can trust our God with unlimited power, unci with the right to do wliatever lie wills ; and it is a part of our worship that wo should nover question wliatever He may do. ."If is the Lord ; let Ilitn do what seomeUi Him good." ' Still, when thou praisest God for the wonders Ho has wrought for theo and for others, let tho climax of thy praise bo this, that " His mercy emlureth for evor." Magnify with all thy faculties of iniud aud heart, with memory, and liopo, and fear.. ami ovory.. emotion of which thou art capable, the- changeless mercy of God. He is over merciful, or full of mercy. Ho always will be so. Thou hast a God of Immutable good ness, rojoice in Him at all times, nnd under all aspects. When tliou thinkest upon Hi terrlblo justice, doubt liot Ills mercy. Plmroah is cast into the lied Sea, but Jehovah's mercy cnrtnretli. He slay mighty kings, but "His mercy emlureth for ever." Aye, when tliou socst hell engulf tho impeni tent, and thou thinkest with solemn awe of the dread punishment necessary to sin, rest assured tliat this alters not tho fact that God i love, and tliat " Iii mercy eudtireth for over." Thoro must bo no collision in thy thought between Iii justieo and III mercy; they aro both divine, aud they both endure for ever. Do thou say " Hallelujah!" oven when thou soest His wrath. Accepting ht mercy In Jesus, praiso llim ; vesting in that mercy, praise llim ; Imping in that mercy, tliat it will follow thee all the day of thy life, praiso llim. By and by, brother nnd sisters, wo sliall know more of 111 eternal mercy, ami then we shall praise llim in loftier strains. Sliall we ever need a sweeter song than this— "To Him who alone doeth great wonder; for Hi mercy emlureth for ever/' And wo shall iiear tho liarper harping with their linrps, and see the holy one casting their crown before llim on the glassy sea, shall wo not chant this great Hallel — "To llim who alone doeth great wonders— for lli mercy emlureth for over." Tho Lord bless you over. Auien. Portion of Scripture read before Sermon— Psalm Hymns from "Our Own- Hymn Book"— 136 (Song L), 117,136 (Song IL% Publications. Publications. 