CANONISATIONS AND BEATIFICA TIONS. BRIEF MEMOIRS. On Sunday, the 22nd January, the cere mony of the Beatification of the Venerable Louis Grignon de Montfort, Founder of the Congregation of the Missionaries of the Holy Ghost, took place in Borne. The Beati fication of the Venerable Clement Hofbuuor, Redemptorist ; the Venerable Egidius Mario of St. Joseph, professed lay-brother of the Discalced Minors of St. Peter of Alcantara, the Venerable Felix of Nicosia, professed lay-brother of the Capuchins Minor ; the Venerable John Baptist de la Salle, Founder of the Brothers of the Christian Schools, and the Venerable Marie Joseph of St. Agnes, a professed reliyieuae of the August inian Order, will follow on successive Sundays. St. Peter Claver, whose canonisation we recently announced was horn at Verve/, in Catalonia, Spain, in 1585. Lie entered! the Society of Jesus in 1602. lie spent his life as a missionary amongst the negroes at Carthagena, and baptised with his own hand over three hundred and fifty thousand in fidels. St. John Berchmans, the second of the Jesuit Blessed canonised on Sunday, the 15th January, was horn on the 13th March, 1500, at Die/, in Brabant. Having reached seven teen years of ages, he entered the Society of Jesus at Malines. He went to Borne to finish his theological studies, and his room is still shown at the Homan College. He imitated closely the virtues of the angelic youth, Luigi Gon/aga, and at his death, in 1622, he assured the celebrated' Father Cornelius a Lapide of the perfect tranquility of his soul. St. Alphonsus Rodriguez, the third of the; Jesuit Blessed who were canonized on the 15th inst., was born in Segovia, Spain, in the year 1531. He was a merchant and had two children, hut on the death of his wife he grew weary of the world ami entered the Society of .Jesus, tilling the role of: a u brother coad jutor.” For over forty years he endured with heroic patience various species of disease, lie was greatly esteemed for the prudence of the directions which lu; gave tor advancement in the spiritual life. He died in 1617. The seven founders of the Servite Order who have been canonized are : Boufiglio Monaldi, Bnonaguinta Manetti, Manetto dell An tel la, Amadio Amadci, Uguccioni, Sostegno Sostegni, and Alessio Faleonieri. They be longed to a confraternity erected in Florence, tinder the title of S. Maria Maggiore. On the 15: h August, 1233, they met in an oratory to sing the praises of Mary. Whilst they were praying they perceived a large ball of light. Each was penetrated by a ray from this ball,, and felt, as it were, inspired by an ardent desire for the things of Heaven. The origin of the Servite Order traced back to this prodigy. The first superior was Monaldi. Alessio Faleonieri, the last of the seven founders, died at Florence in 1310. 