IBrief and Directi ? F;rm inimsla are hurt'more by medicine tha: ty the lack of it. When an animal needs med?elin It needs a competent physi oiean. Pure water and a variety of wholesome food regularly given, with comfortable shelter and kind treatment, are the beet preventatives of disease. ' We are yet in .earch of the man who at harvest blamed himself for cultivating the crop too well, or who in his old age regret-" ted that he had not endorsed for a friend oftener. A mortgags on the home always makes the fireside gloomy, for it shuts out the bright sunshine of prosperity and freeheart ednese. Some men look at the sky only to forecast the weather, see more beauty in a dollar than in a bed of elowere,.nad will hear the crow in a cornfield a great deal quicker than the larki in the air. Say to your work as Christ said to Satan, "Got thee behind me." Work travels fast when it once gets ahead. It is easier to deatroy the weed in April than in July ; and a weed allowed to seed the land will plague you like a Banquo's ghost. Better is it to have one pair of trousers with money in them than two pairs with emptyi pocLele. The man with clean stables and fielda,wel l. bossed cattle and implements, and who has shillings for books but not a penny for beer, is a desirable debtor. But he does not borrow often. Three.fourthsofnsunknowinglyredoce our capital each year, for the fertility of our land is our capital, and this we lessen. The horse knowsva all that the colt learned, I and boys tormenting the colt arenot teaching it what it should know. Men do not gather roses from thistles, nor plump, rips gooseberries from the bush that grows in the sod, and is pruned only by nature. It is better and cheaper to mend the flues in midwinter than to build a new house in the ep:ing, though the insurance company contributes a share of the cost of the new building. The more often the currycomb rubs against the horaes's sides the longer his sides will rub against the harness. The man who buries his wealth in the earth is blamed; yet the farmer, who buries his wealth, in the form of drain tiles, is wise. Too many forget that only from the beat milk can the best butter be made, and that I only from the best cows can the best milk be obtained. System labored ten hours a day and was done. Haphazard got up at .four in the morning, hurried all day, and was doing the chores at nine at night. There are men who compel their wives to milk cows, sitting in the snow on che lee side of a rail fence, yet who deolare themselves to be Christians. The Jack of All Trades is Master of None, yet a good farmer may with profid become a very fair carpenter. A workshop ia a better stormy day retreat than is a corner grocery. Job had a pretty good share of patience, yet it was fortunate for him that he did not join fences with a neighbour who had breechy cattle. The man who fills his icehouse provides himself with a conservator of health and a servant of pleasure. What is said about keeping animals warm during winter does not apply to manure. Smoking is more injurious to the compost heap than to boys. Is is cheaper to keep a pound of flesh on the animal in July and August than to regain it in October or November. Depending upon novelties for your prin. cipal crops is like breakfasting on-elation, dining on hope and supping on sorrow. 