Ballarat. Monday. u.\ bumtty the annual charity collec tions wero taken up in tho churches throughout this district. The final re turn* are not yet to hand, but they are expectod to show an increase on tho amount raised last year. Tho collections m the principal churches wore ns Mlow • -Clmst Church pro dihedral (including Sunday school), £70 2s 8J ; St. Paul's Church of En-land, £38 Is Id; St. John's Church of England, £31; St. Peter's Church of Enaland, £21 7a Gd; St. 1 utneka R.O. Cathedral, nnd other R.C. churches, about £120; Lvdiard Sireet Wi'slevan Chinch, £42 18s 31. Tho Jitrkly Stroet Wesleya-.i Ciiurcli deferred their collections for a future Sunday, as did several of the other Wesleyan churches, owing to anniversaries falling on the Charity Sunday date. St. Andrew's lurk and Sun.iay school collected £55 7s Od ; Ehonczer (Rev. W. L. Morton's) £21 ; Baptist, D uvsnn street, £15 10.< 8d ; Con gregational, Dawson street, £25; Salvation Army, £24; Church of Christ, £5 ; Bible Christ!'.-.,,, £2 18s 5.1 ; Free Methodist (hotith street), £3 Is 3d. The smaller churches also contributed liberally, but the total, as before stated, is not yet known. Saturday and yesterday wero red letter days among our Roman Catholic fellow citizens, who assembled at the railway station during the afternoon with a large number of others to meet tho Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, the Right Reverend James Moore, D.D. The crowd must have numbered 3000 persons. The Biiliop, who had just returned from a visit to Rome, was accompanied by Doan Uoyne the Rev. Father Rclfi), the Hon. and Riv. W. Pliinkett, the Rev. Father Delaney, (pii vatc secretary to the Bishop), and others. Tho Bishop had brought tint with him twelvo nuns, five of whom were sisters of the order of Brigidiues, six of the order of Nazareth, nnd ouo of the order of our Lady of Loretto. Tho Rev. Father Cleaiy and other Ballarat clergy were present to welcome them, also Alessrs. 1). iJrophy, J.P., and J. Coghlan, J.P., Knights of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, J. J. Fitzgerald. J P., D. Fitz patrick. J.P., J. B. Pearson, M. O. Carey, T. Dowling, and W. Cahill. The routo to SL Patrick's Cathedral was thronged with people. Following tho Bishop and clergy, and preceding the nuns, were the H.A.C.13.5. in regalia, the pupils of tho Christian Brothers schools, bearing flays and bannerettes, tho men's branch of tho Holy Confraternity, and also members of tho Catholic Total Ab- Btinence Society in regalia. There was an enthusiastic reception at iht- cathedra], and six addresses of welcome were pre t-ented to (ho Bishop, who replied at groat length. During the course of his address he stated that he hod purchased an altar in rare marble from one of the best studios of Rome, to be erected in memory of his predecessor, the Right Reverend Michael O'Connor. Ho bad also purchased from funds bequeathed for tho purpose by the late Mist Car penter, thre.) stained glass windows for the cathedral. When these are placed in pooitinu, there is to be a public ceremony f.T tho consecration of tho cathedral Aflor tho services the Bishop, clergy and nuns, and (he lending members of the laity, proceeded to tho new Roman Catholic College (Mr. Gaunt'a late residence, Conndnh), which has been purchased for £4,000, where the bishop for mally installed tho principal (Father Ri-fle) and his colleagues in their offices. The s.sters of Nazareth wero also escorted to the new Orphanage, over which they are to preside, which was purchased from Mr. Turnbridge for £3,000. Tho sisters of St. Brig-id are to go to Ararat, to establish it school in connection with their older m that district. On Sunday, nt the cathedral, pontifical high mass was celebrated, tho bishop boing assisted by Dr. Delaney and other clergymen. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Pro fessor Ruffe*, principal of the college of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost. In the even ing the sermon waa preached by the Rev. Friar O'Farroll. Tho collections wero in aid of tho charities of Ballur.it, and amounted to £80, the subscriptions from other churches of the denomination bring ing the total for the day to £120. Tho general secretary of the Victorian Band of Hope Unioo, Mr. C. E. Bowen, is at present on a visit tn this district, in the interests of the band of hope move ment. Tho organisation referrod to, has 40 societies connected with it in Mel bourne and suburbs, which includes a branch at Ballarat and Maryborough. The object of tho union is to consolidate the bands of hope in the colony, ao as to secure united action and givo greater prominence to the movement, and to arrange for pub lie meetings, temperance sermons, con ferences, speakers plan and competitive examinations, the circulation of tempe lance literature, and the formation of dis trict Band of Hope Unions. Mr. Bowen, who is also tho popular secretary of the Carlton branch, No 49, of the A.N.A., is a life abstainer, and is well qualified to perform the necessary duties of the Band of Hope Union, of which he lias been appointed secretary. A game of bowls was played on the central bowling green, between the Central Club and a New South Wales team. The local club won by 20 points. 