SECOND SHEET TO IE HTLAi IMBI SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1888. THE THüNOOEAPn. Do¥BTI/ess our readers have seen and noted descriptions of the phonograph. Perhaps ho <v ever a brief sketch of its perfected form may be welcome. Sound is transmitted hy the nir, upon delicate waves or tremore. Thf «-fficucy of the phonograph depend« upon this ruudu ot the transmission of sound. Tremors caut-ed by toneB of the voice beating against a thin metal plate cause a vibration in that plate. If to the back of it there be affixed a needle point placed in contact with a yielding eur face, a dint will be made by the point whenever the plate vibrates. In th* ease of the perfected phonograph, the yield- j ing surface is a cylinder of gelatine, mado to ' revolve by the power of an electric battery, and the dint becomes a continuous groove The tremors ia the air set up by the human voice or any other sound are thus recorded. When it is desired to give them faith oguin, a gelatine cylinder grooved by the needle ot the plate is so placed that a needle on « second plate traverses the groove. In mak- ing the journey it communicates to the pluie vibrations identical with those set up in it by the voice in the first instance. And by the hbb of a etethoBCope or audophone, the i sound recorded is heard from the inetru ; aient, the accents of course being "i whispered, but nevertheless aro given forth distinctly, with every intonation I and every peculiority or defect of speech marked. The gelatine cylinders are movable and portable. So that a person in England may speak into a phonograph, remove the eyiinaer, and send it by post to Australia, where, placed in a similar phonograph, it will alter the epeecn recorded upon it in England. Prom this description it will be evident that though Mr. Edison has improved mate- rially upon his original phonograph, the in \- etrument is still very little more than a scien- tific toy. The processes by which sounds are recorded and obtained are not such as to bring the instrument into popular and ex- tended use. It requires considerably more development before people can eDJoy operas and endure sermons without the trouble of attending the theatre or the church. But in prospect of such a development, we may be permitted to doubt whether it is to be desired, whether life on the whole would be made happier or more tolerable by the ability of people to reproduce the voices of the past or of the absent in the very tones of the speakers On the contrary, theBe ghosts of by-gone or far sounds would we think cause many pangs, which men are now spared, would add poignancy to sorrow and regret, and re-open wounds which it is the blessed office of time and solitude to heal. As it is, memories that will not slumber strike the electric chain by which we are darkly bound, and it is truth the poet sings that sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier things. To outdo the , gain of reviving the sound of a voice that was still there would be much loss and annoyance and dissatisfaction. To renew a bereaved mother's pain by allowing her again to listen to the accents of the lost child would be cruel kindness, and shall we long for and mourn for the dis- tant and the dead less, because we can once more hear the tones of their voice ? It is not well on any score that the dead past should cease to bury its dead. Words re- peated can seldom by any chance have a force equal to that exhibited upon their first utter- ance. Did they burn on that occasion ? It was because circumstances gave them power. They fitted the time ; they struck an answer- ing chord in the hearer's breast. But how stole, flat, and unprofitable suoh words will seem when the old response does not come, when ne w emotions have replaced the old, w hen other feelings have won dominion in the heart of the audience. Then think too of the voices which men would willingly let die, but which by means of a record such as the phonograph may retain power of reproduction to gratify poBthumouB malice and to minister to shame. Do we not all speak words of folly, anger, >- haste, foulness or disdain, that we would shan to confront again, and are glad to forget. And would it .not be horrible if lovers' vows, proverbially false as dicers' oaths, were scored against them by the all-embracing air, to be possibly mied to confound their perfidy?' Love letters are bad enough, with their ' frequent proof that pledged eternity of affeotion is measurable, and that decla- ration» of love are destructive of love in pro- portion to their warmth: shall we have these''asee ve ra tiona also reviving in an attenu- ated vocal habit? It would be intolerable that the balmy breath of evening should play the part of a detective, and that words and sighs given out beneath the milk-white thorn ' that scents it should be retained as witnesses in breach of promise trials. Then would not a record of the hated tones of the mother-in law or the Bhrill speechea of a shrewish first wife add a new terror to existence? The phonograph records the crieB and the prattle of babies. Surely these are sufficiently trying at first-hand ; wa cannot care for them Berred np a second time. Grant "that orations are occasionally made which «hake senates, in their case too the occasion gives them force; and, if wo cannot re- produce the occasion, we cannot reproduce the speech with all its pristine potency. And . machine whioh recordé great speeches may »l«o be used to store up the dreary twaddle to which some of us have to listen in too grievous punishment for our sins. For pur- poses of record and communication of thought writing (printing of course being also understood) is sufficiently convenient, and the power to store up speech for futuro repro- duction has no advantage over writing, and some distinct disadvantages. Books and letters do not force themselves ripon unwill- ing readers, but allow themselves to be sought for, but from recorded sound it may not always be easy to escape at pleasure, and it is rarely to be expected that re-utterance of sound will give pleasure. AU these considera- tions warrant us in hoping that Mr. EdiBOu'e ingenuity may fail in further improvement of the phonograph. 