GENERALITIES. When a woman bnalea herself with hammer and nails it is diffioult to tell what she is driving at. The author of the saying " You must take a man as jou find him" is supposed to have been a constable, Some authors tell us that " muoh is said about the tongue." True, the thing is in everybody's mouth. A searcher after truth wants to know why it is, with so many negrosB dying, nobody ever saw a blaok ghost. If your bat blows off in the street, follow it placidly and with gentle dignity. Somebody else will chase it for you. The soientist who says that a person oould not live over five days without water is sus pected of being a milkman. "Why are women extravagant in clothes ? Because when they buy a new dress they wear it ont on the first day. If a man sued for breaoh of promise were to set up the defence of temporary insanity he could certainly prove bis case by reference to old ione-letters. " DuorepanoisB in my account 1" repeated the Bank oashier indignantly; " not a bit of it. The accounts are all right to a penny it's the oaeh that's wrong." A man will not submit to being called either a puppy, a hound, or a our, but if he is pronounoed a sad dog he accepts the stigma as if it were a compliment. The Arizona Howler, in noticing the death of a prominent oitizen the other day, ended with these words" Death loves a shining mark, and she hit a dandy when she turned loose on Jim." Disturbance in Church.—After church. Spoggs—" Was it not disgraoeful the way in which Smiggs snored in church to-day I" Stuggs—"I should think it was; why he woke ns all up 1" " Did you enjoy yourself at the ball last evening! ' ".No, to tall the truth I did not. I wore my new costume, and I suffered ex quisite agony the whole evening." "Did you! How stylishly you must have been j dressed.1' A youth who was being examined in Eng lish history was asked the question " With what orime was Lord Baocra charged ?" He hesitated a moment, and then answered, as if by an inspiration, "With writing Shak peare's plays." A farmer told his man to run into the pas ture and oatoh an ox; "I mean the off 'un," said he—" I'll manage the other myself ?" Off went Hodge, but presently he came to a standstill. ''How the diokena oan I tell whioh is the orphan T" " How muoh oider did you make this year?" enquired one farmer of another who had offered a specimen for trial. " Fifteen barrels," was the answer, (Another Bip,) " Well, if you had another apple yon might have made another barrel." A little village of Provenoe is setting itself up as a fashionable resort. We quote from ito printed oiroular:—" Thanks to the excep tional salubrity of the olimate we enjoy, we may oite our station of the ooast as that having older oentenarians than any other." Chappie—"There's a red-beaded girL Let's j look for the white bone ; I never knew it to j fail" Bed-headed Girl (who has overheard the remark, turns suddenly—"Not & hone, sir, but an ass. Look in the shop-window behind yon; I never knew it to fail, either." An sesthetio invitation to dinner oonoluded with these words:—"I have asked four minds to meet you." " Thanks," replied the uncultured one; " I'm awfully sorry not to come, but have already aooepted an invitation to dine with four atomaohs the same night" "Janet MoDongall, I hae warned ye often; ye are ower tnackle given to scandal. Ye maun keep your mouth, aa it were, wi' bit J an' bridle, as the Scripture saith." " Aweel, meenister, sae I hae always keepit a watch upon my tongue," "Hoot, Janet, it maun hae been a repeater then!" Old, but Worth Preserving.—Bishop Peok (dining with' the family) — " So you wouldn't like to be a bishop. Bobby, when you grow up 1" Bobby—" I'd like to well enough; but as everybody says I take after ma'a side of the family I don't e'pose I'll ever be fat enough for a bishop." " Mrs. Fibbins has written to the Sooiety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to know if something oan be done to prevent horses being scratched. She ie sure it must be very painful, because her husband is quite upset, and she hears him groan in his sleep about a horse being scratched. Assistant (to young lady who has pur chased a pair of gold sleeve-links for her 1 fiancee)—1"Any initials, Miss?" Young Lady "I forgot. Engrave tbo letter U, hia first j name." Assistant—"Ah I may I ask if it Is Uriah or Ulysses? NameB with U are rare." Young Lady (proudly)—"No, his name is Eugene." Irritated Frenchman (to American, who has mistaken him for a waiter) — " Sir-r, yon haf gr-r-rosriy insulted me 1 There is my card. My seoonds vill vait upon you, sir-r I" Amerioan — "Never mind your seoonds, Frenohy; you oan wait upon me just as well. Pass me the Woroester sauce, and be quick about it I" Why it Couldn't be Done.—A noted dandy is said to have taken aa a great favour an aspiring and wealthy youth to hiB own tailor to do dressed. When the re sult was failure the dandy asked an explana tion. The groaning answer oame " It can't be done, sir. Your friend goes bin where he ought to go hout, and goes bout where ought to go bin." When Sheridan first brought out his comedy " The School for Scandal," Chester field, himself a dramatist, being present with his ehlldren, checked them whenever they latighed. Sheridan, hearing of this, wrote to Chesterfield that he thought it mean in him not to iet the children laugh, beoauBe he (8heridan) was present at his (Chesterfield's) tragedy a few nights before and laughed at it all the way through. j A gentleman went to Edinburgh at the be-' ginning of the oentury, and had his portrait painted by Baebnm. The piotnre was bung up in his dining-room. One of the Highland servant-girls, who had never seen a portrait before, entered the room, and was startled . by seeing the apparition of her master gazing ; serene at her. Afraid lest the vision should vanish suddenly , she ran to the door and called to her tellow-servant " Come here. Tonal'—quick, qniok—an' see the master lookin* through the *»'." Steamboat travelling on the Missouri is . constantly, enlivened by sounding and the calls "Six feet," "Five and a half," "No bottom," &c.;, have come to be given after a traditional musical formula very muoh like : intoning. A recent importation from the land of "praties" having been ordered to ; the lead went bravely to work and sang ont thuBly — " Too-rnl," " Too-rnl-i-rnl," "Too rnl-i" "What's that you are saying?" shouted the mate. " Faix," answered Pat, "oi remimber the ohune, but oi've forgot the , wurrda intirely." The late Dr. Macadam used to tell of a>» tipsy Scotchman making his way home upon: a bright Sunday morning when the good'' folk were wending their way to the kirk. A little dog palled a ribbon from the hand of a lsdy who wae leading it, and aa it ran away from her she appealed to the first Sasser-by, who happened to be the ine riate, asking him to whistle for her poodle. " Woman 1" he retorted, with that solemnity of visage which only a Sootohman can asenme, "Woman, this is na day for whnstlin'." Hikbeoib —At a White Honse public re ception in Washington once, when the orowd was immense, Sir Edward Thornton and Lord George Montagne, the last a son of the Dnke of Manchester, tried to make their way into the bine-room along with the general crowd. The polioeman on duty waved them baok. " Do yon know, sir," said Sir Edward, in his most important manner, "that I am Sir Edward Thornton?" "And I," said Lord George, who was a by no means aggressive little fellow, " I am Lord George Montague." "Go 'way!" responded the polioeman ; don't tell me two snob little grasshoppers as yon are Sir Edward Thorn ton and Loid George Montagne!" It is related of the well-known divine Dr. John Brown, of Haddington, that he oourted seven yeara withont even summoning np cou rage enough for a kiss, much less to pop the question. At length, while walking out one - moonlit night, he ventured to Bay to his be loved "Janet, ma woman, we've gane the gither noo for eiven years, and I never had a kiss yet." " Weel, John, it's just beoause ye never asked it." " Will I get ane the noo ?" " Aye, twa if ye like !" Having obtained per mission, hie next difficulty wae to avail him eelf of it. At length, folding his hands to gether, he eaid seriously " For what we are about to receive may the Lord make us truly thankful." After the deed was done he eaid " Ab, Janet, woman, that's graun 1" and pro nounced the benediction. A Beast Resource.—The head of a pri vate asylum in England was in the bathroom watohing a number of lunatics bathe, when one of them called ont " Let's duok the doctor," and they ail took np the ory. Seeing hie danger the dootor eaid at once "All right, boys, hut suppose yon give a oheer for him firstand the noise of their oheering brought the keepers in to his res one. The aame dootor was in a room with a lnnatic who by some means had possessed himself of a oarving- - knife. The lnnatio Informed him gravely that he had been ordained by God to out him iuto little pieces, and mnoh aa he regretted it he ehonla be obliged to do it. "very well," eaid the dootor, " of course if that is the case I shall make no attempt to prevent yon, bnt - I see your knife needs sharpening. Allow me to fetoh a grindstone for yon." And no ' objection being raised, the qoiok • witted doctor made hia escape. 