FOUL OF A WATERSPOUT. The following yarn is told in the "Daily Telegraph" to "A Seafarer" by " his friend the Second Mate " :—"The chief mate was a cheer ful little Welshman—God rest his soul!—one of the most intelligent seamen I Was ever asso ciated with, with as tender a heai t. as.ever beat under a velvet waistcoat, and eyes so bright that. I'd sometimes think that the redness that ringed them was nothing but the scorching of the skin by the Hashing of his gaze. We were very good friends, both of a rather poetical turn of mind, no very great rarity amongst seamen, though the conformedly strained mauliuess of the sailor makes him feel sheepish even to be suspected of a romantic humdrtr nc v and again. The skipper hovered about till tor. then went below. I joined the mate, and we fall to quietly picing the deck, talkikg of anything but the weather and the heat, and the calm, being sick of the things. No, sir; our conversation went to con sideration of the sort of times we were to expect at Calcutta, and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking seriously of looking out for a mate's berth aboard a country Wallah, where the month's wage sounded tall in the shape of rupees, when lie interrupted me by coming all on a sudden to a dead stand, whilst he cried in a tragic voice that was scarce more than a hoirss whisper, pointing with a little arm as he spoke: 'My God, what is that?' His forefinger indicated a up,»ce of dusk that lay like an ink-stain upon, the night that was dark as the sea-line everywhere else was; and in the heart of this peculiar murky blotch I observed what looked to me to be two fine lines of flame close together, forking out of the sea, and lengthening upwards as one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor, whence they proceeded, thongVthis last was very illusive, and noticeable only when the sight went a little to the right or left of it. ' Hush !' said I, after straing my hear ing a moment, whilst the mate stood watching stockstill, as though spellbound. ' Do you hear it?' The noise I meant, which, though very faint, was audible enough amid the pauses of the flapping canvas on high. Think of a kettle boiling in a room next to the one you are seated in, and that will be the character of the noise I heard. As I spoke there was a flash of light ning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and the wild glare threw out tiie ponderous folds of a great cloud hanging, like masses of smoke ar rested and pressed down, above those strange and ever growing luminous stalks. 'A water spout—two of them, it looks like,' cried the mate. 'How does it travel ? Why, by all that's precious ! if its growth signifies its course, it's heading direct for the barque.' His vehement exclamations startled the men who had stowed themselves away about the decks for a hap, and you saw a flitting of dusky figures to the rail, and caught a Bote of alarm in the half smothered growl of voices which came along. Saving, always, the swing of the swell, the barque lay as dead on the sea as a lightship, not an inch of way on her; so that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of manoeuvring. ' But wat. rapouts don't shine,' cried I, to the mate. ' Yes, yes,' ho answered, ' yonder dons, anyhow. It is the phosphorous in the water. I have seen such things again and again, glowing as though they had got a streak of lightning stowed away in their coil.' He con tinued to look; then, with an oath, he cried out passionately that the appearance was heading for us, and with a bound, gained the companion, down which he bolted, returning after a few breathless moments followed by the captain, who rose out of the hatch like a ghost, habited in his shirt and drawers only. Believe me or not as you will, but what I'm going to tell you is as true as that I, who walk by your side now, am a living man. The fire-tinctured stalks, as I will call tlic.n, had thickened with incredible rapidity, and looked five hundred feet high, distant as they yet wore. There was a constant play of lightning over them, sometimes very fierce and brilliant,with sharp cracks of thunder, whose reverberations rolled over the polished undulations of the water with a sound of heavy bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stage. The stagnation around made the sight of that small rotating luminous tensest as wonderful as it was frightful. Every moment heightened the roar of the boiling at. its base, and the inde scribable yelling of the circular sweeping of the wind of this narrow tempest. Some of the men beat with handspikes furiously upon the scuttle to arouse the watch below. 1 stood watching, scarce drawing a breath, captain and mate beside me both silent. Indeed, there was nothing to be done. We might, perhaps, have fired a gun, but we hadn't such a thing aboard. The course of the spout was easily to be gathered by the sharpening of the mystical golden fires which illuminated the revolving columns, and by the whiting upon the right of the bed of foam out of which those vast liquid trunks grew, and by the increas ing uproar of the maddened and seething ma_s_s__o_f_ spume ani of the thunder blast stroke with continuous dltoMtiMs^mSwbfe only to broadside after broadside delivered frnm a four-decked line-of-battie snip. ine spout came along slowly—if a single spout it were— with its two flaming limbs and one dense head of vapour. There was a bit of hope to be got out of this, for it might break and perish ere it reached us. The captain cried, 'My God ! what shall we do ? How fast is it travelling, think you Mr. Morgan ? 'Eight miles in tha hour—no faster, sir,' croaked the mate, in the voice of a man sentenced to death. 'It'll be aboard us!' roared someone forward suddenly in a pienical way, and the cry was instantly fol lowed by a frantic rush aft of shadows as the figures of the men looked. But the boatswain of the barque, whose tones I recognised, cried out, 'Jump for shelter, my lads! jump for shelter ! Down with you under deck, or there'll be ne'er a life left to ex plain what hurt the ship;' on which many of the men sprang forward again, the captain saying nothing, and the mate as mute as I, for the lightning was crackling over our heads now, and the barque was plunging upon the heavy sea, flung in advance by°the commotion, though there was not a breath of air yet, as I live to tell it, and the spout almost within pistol shot ! Well, 1 can only speak of myself now, for what followed was like a hor rible nightmare, from which you start with the blood thick in your veins, without being able to recall a feature of the terror that awoke you. The mad impulse ono got from the sightjmd sound of the spout, and its,horrible accompani ments of whiteness at foot and blackness overhead, was for shelter, and my first spring was for the companion, with a cry to the captain and mate to follow me. I was scarce four steps down when there happened a shock as though an earthquake right under the keel of the barque had torn her into staves. Just for one instant my ear caught the inexpressible hellish clamour of tons of sweeping water, of spars snapping like pipe stems—then wash; the companion way was filled in a breath, and down I went, swept along and into insensibility by a flood that was a small Niagara Falls in its way for weight. Of course I wasn't drowned; of course I regained con sciousness; but that was not so wonderful as that I should have crawled out of the cabin like a soaked fleece, a eane man, with every sense tant in him, instead of a grinning and gibbering idiot. I gained the deck. The night was breathless. No sound came off the ocean, though the horizon hung black all around as before. It took me awhile to see, and then I observed that the barque was dismasted. The shadow of her deck stretched out before me—a sheer hulk. There were figures moving hero and there. I halloed, and most of them came aft. But they were all too stupefied to answer questions : they muttered in a dazed way. Who was missing ? what had happened more than that the barque had been stripped to the con dition of a naked hull was not to be gathered till the dawn came. _ But before the light broke we had rallied sufficiently to man the pumps and kept them going. Talk of a wreck ! Never did the sua rise upon a more pitiable sight than the barque made; three jaggod stump3 where the lower masts had been; a whole wilderness of wreckage, over the side; bowsprit gone, the whole line of port bulwarks smashed flat, deck house, galley, long boat, quarter boats all vanished. The captain and the poor fellow who had been at the wheel were missing, their fate needed no guessing- But we found the body of the mate cruelly bruised and barely distinguishable as a human form, lying under a mass of gear. Well, to end the yarn, for it's nearly told, we passed three daj's of desperate pumping, for the vessel took in water as though .herbottom had been a grating, and 'twas pump or sink, for we were without a boat. But on the morning of- the fourth day a steamer hove in sight, spied us, and came alongside. She was just in time ; we wero mere spectres, with the strength of such things, and I believe if the next relief of the pumps had been called there would have been no answer." 