SEEING A GHOST. " Do let me take it I" said Cora Deane* ' It will be so nice to carry thiugs to the poor. 1 She was leaning against the side of the door, her straw hat wreathed about with bright-colored autumn leaves, a flush of crimson on her cheek. Aunt Betsy stood with the little cup of freshly-made custard in one hand, and a dried huckleberry pie in the other. " La, child," said Aunt Betsy, "they aint exactly poor. Not begging poor,you know. John Jones gets a nice little sum for ringing the church bell on Sunday mornings and making the fire Saturday nights. And Loretta, she's a first-class tailoress. And I believe they own a farm somewhere ill Hogmanton Hollow, that they rent to Leander Smith. But Loretta aint been : very well of late, and she's dreadful partial to my dried buckleberry pies ; so, if you don't mind takin.' it— r " Oh, not in the least!" said Coxa, with alacrity. :" Is it far ?" " Jest down Crooked Lane, and past the big holler tree before you come to the blacksmith shop," said Aunt Betsy. " Foller the line of the church fence, an' you can't go amiss. It aint more'n a mile, anyhow." So Cora took the neatly-packed little basket and tripped away into the yellow misty light of the October sunset, singing as she went. She had been in this part of the country some time, but she was not quite certain where John Jones's cottage was exactly situated. " But I can enquire," she said to herself. "Oh, here comes Alice Embury. She'll tell me." Alice Embuiy, a light-cheeked young village girl, met her with a smile of welcome. " The Jones's cottage 3" said she," why of course. It's close by the old churchyard ; and don't forget the rehearsal of the Musical Society," Alice called after her a? she tripped away. " I shall be in plenty of time for that, returned Cora. As Cora came down into the valley a soft white mist seemed to fold itself around her. The glow of earth and sky faded out, and a sepulchral gloom seemed to take possession of the whole scene. At the same moment she became conscious of the near neighborhood of "an ivy-mantled old church outlined darkly against the sky, and the glimmering greyness of old tombstones leaning over against the grass. " I must bealmost there," s'.e thought; " Follow the churchyard fence," 'Aunt Betsy had told her. And that must be the little house under the cedar trees, I am sure." She hurried down the grassy path, with a certain thrill running through her veins—she would have been loth to call it superstitious fear—but, nevertheless, she felt very glad to get past the cluster of gravestones into the cedar-shaded door-, yard. She knocked at the door. There was no answer. She knocked a little louder. Still no reply rewarded her endeavors^; and with a sudden impulse, she pushed the door open. It led into a little square room, the floor of which was covered: by a bright rag carpet, the walls papered in a gay pattern of roses and leaves climbing over an impossible trellis. A low - fire burned in the wood stove—a kettle sang on the top with monotonous sound Cora sat down on thecushioned rockerto rest. "Theyhad gone out somewhere,-'.she thought, and «he placed her basket on the table. " They will be back feoon." -'- But as the moments crept by, : arid nobody returned, the darkness : decetided like a sudden, pall upon the quiet autumnal scene. She could., see:- tie gravestones gleaming whifcely; she -could • :hear <">fche murmuring of the restless "wind 'in^Mie trcetops outside.'' A cmdden temtrfeeemed to tighten around her heart. She ^r^ng : up, involnntarify. . .' " I cannot stay here jjiny longer, she cried, al6ud ; and she rushed fco the door. But it refused to' open. "She' wa^ fastened in—through some rust or faultiness of the outside latch—acaptive, aorely againsther wilL "" • • ; ^./^'r''' 1 She utterad a scream aiid flew towards the window. . Bift^fiSm ii? ^ P ^ and infcere&i;^'jfi^^ bars, she saw'a sight that chilled her very blood—a white, irfiadowyJ figurej- moving to and fro among ^the giavestonea: 1 '- - All that sbfeliad cVer Men ^r ;lie»M «Of ghost stories Tand ^npferoafcURfl Teveiaibh : came back to lifer iat ^is r: m6mfeni ^ surp- isingvividne88;:iShe jcroudied trem-; . bling violentlyj^thejcorner.otibe .room.. How longshe iawinained-^'shlvetiiigiSn: the comer she'-ne^'jlteew^ ft-' Mn^' have be^ an hour, biAiftfUf^cgnapjHWi^ M foj&j; steps o n ^ ^ ^ t l i e ^ , - ; £ £ f ^; anasal voice out. Ml get^oaerib^^e-firBt?t«n61 i. "lt> the ^host," muttered Cora, be- ^nning to feel yagaly ashamed of her unreasoning panic. "I saw it myself— out there—all in white, pacing up and <down among die graves." ! "Goodnessme!" exclaimed Alice. "It W;i8 I tliat «tie saw—my white shawl. I was walking- up and down there, waiting for her tio conie out. I was afrtud that she. would lose her way coming home, and I wanted tb bfe siire that she would be at the rehearsal in time to night. : Cora began to laugh hysterically, and tioid': • '•"••• i "JL. would not live in this dismal place rtoYif "anyone paid me "twenty pounds a Week.;. Mrs. Jjones.there is a cup-custard and huckleberry pie that Aunt Betsy ?ecket has sent you; And please let me have tlic l^asket, so as to get home as. fast asp<«nble.'' - i " Woutyou sit a spell?" said hospitable Mrs. Jones, who had at last comprehended the situation. ? ""Not a minute, not a second," Cora answeredhurriedly. " Oh, Alice, dohuriy; it Is "getting darker every minute." • But the moon has risen," said composed Alice. It will be lighter now." . " Aren't you afraiid to go past that graveyard in the dark ?" whispered Cora. " Perhaps Mr. Jones—" " Afraid 1" echoed Alice, with a sweet, rippling laugh. " Why, what should I be afraid of ? ( often come down here to see Mrs. Jone's niece, Rebecca, when she 'is staying here, and go back all by myself." But why does Mr. Jones live here ?" said Cora piteously. : " Because he is the sexton," said Alice Embury, " Because it is handy to be so near the church and the churchyard." ; Cora only s'aivered. She knew that she had been siUy and superstitious, but she could not help it. ' To think," cried cheery Alice," that you should have taken me for a ghost, while all the time I was watching the cottage door, and wondering why on earth you didn't come out !" And by the time they had reached Aunt Betsy's comfortable farm-house Cora herself w;-." "'vteready to laugh at her own folly. Waile Aunt Betsy s chara.l* :iistic remark—t.ite same she made wheu she heard of a death, a wedding, or a spoiled batch of pickles—was : ' Wefl, I never 1" 