Perth. A welcome meeting was held in the Perth Baptist Church last evening, to formally welcome Pastor J. E. Walton to the charge of the church. Mr Walton has occupied the pulpit for the past four months, and has recently been received in the Baptist Union, but it was thought best to receive him on trial first before formally placing him in charge. During the period that Mr Walton has been at Perth he has given great satisfaction, and the hearty way in which he was received last night was proof that he had already endeared himself to-the people. A sumptuous tea was provided by the ladies of the congregation, and partaken of by a large number in two relays. The school- room was beautifully decorated with flowers and mottoes, and the church, where the public meeting was held, besides floral decorations, had the words ' God bless our Pastor displayed over the pulpit. The church was filled to overflowing for the public meeting, which was presided over by Mr W. Gibson, jun. There were also on the platform Mr W. Gibson, sen., Pastors M'Cullough, Wood, Archer, Hyde, Blackie, and Walton, and Revs. R. W. Thompson and Harris. An excellent choir supplied musical selections, Mrs Wigan presiding at the organ. After prayer and reading of a portion of the Scriptures, the chairman made a few remarks about the object of the meeting. He referred to the glorious meetings that had been held in the past, when God had blessed them, and believed they were to receive blessing in the future. Christ had been with them continually, and they had felt the influence of the Holy Ghost work- ing in them. Since Mr Walton's arrival they had had good meetings, and the Word had been faithfully preached, and he thought they could look forward with pleasure to the Pastor's work. As chair- men of the meeting and as a deacon of the church, he, on their behalf, welcomed Mr Walton to the pastorate. He trusted that God would shine upon them, be with every speaker, and every one present, and that they would have His blessing. Mr W. Gibson, sen., said he had written home to a minister asking him to come out and take the church, but he could not come, and had sent out his friend, Mr Walton. He (Mr Gibson) felt that Mr Walton was a man whom they could all love. He was a God - sent man, who came to preach the Gospel, and who would tell out the Gospel so that a child could understand. He was thankful both for Mr and Mrs Walton, and he gave the right hand of fellowship to the Pastor on behalf of the Church and congregation, and hoped God would bless and help them. The Key. Mr Harris (Primitive Methodist) expressed the pleasure he felt at being present and uniting with them in welcom- ing the Pastor, and complimented them upon the heartiness of their reception. Ministers and their wives were like other men and women, and were apt to be discouraged if merited commendation were withheld. Pastor M'Cullough spoke of the changes they had had at Perth, and pointed out that God had shown that He could work with all the changes. He was glad to meet Mr and Mrs Gibson that night, and so pleased that father and son were on that platform together, engaged in such good work. He believed God had sent Mr Walton to them, and the people had already seen enough of him to appreciate him. The Rev. R. W. Thompson (Wesleyan) said in coming to the meeting he had thought of the word welcome, which could be understood as well-to-come, and he thought they were all agreed that it was well that Mr Walton had come. The word weld was also suggested, and he trusted the Pastor and people would be welded together in good works. He -elieved he was the right man, and hoped the sympathy and co-operation the people would lead to great blessing and saving of souls, On behalf of the Wesleyan congregation at Longford he welcomed the Pastor, and wished him God speed. Pastor Hyde expressed his pleasure at being present to welcome his old friend He was in Mr Spurgeon's college with their new Pastor, who was much beloved there, and his sermons were well received After leaving the college Mr Walton had a prosperous course at Birmingham, and the speaker believed he would be successful here. He was a good preacher and a good Pastor, but had come to be their friend who could be trusted, and whose advice could be taken. Pastor Wood said he was pleased to be there, and welcomed Pastor Walton most heartily. He believed the hand of God had brought him and his wife there, and he was glad to learn that the people had already learnt to love them, which he believed was reciprocated, and would lead to the blessing of God resting upon them, He was glad to meet the Messrs. Gibson, who had done so much for the cause in Tasmania, and hoped they would long be spared to continue the good work. He heartily reiterated all that had been said to welcome Mr and Mrs Walton, and on behalf of the Launceston Tabernacle he wished the Pastor and con- gregation all prosperity in the name of the Lord. Pastor Walton was then called upon by the chairman, and was received with great applause. He said he had listened with great pleasure to the kind words that had been spoken that evening, and expresssd his gratitude to the ladies for the handsome decorations, the providers of the tea, and the choir for their services. He felt glad that there was such a band of men in con- nection with their church in this colony. It was one of the pleasurable things of life to have association with such men. He had been laboring in a great city possessing three times the population of the whole of Tasmania, and where there were a number of Baptist ministers, but he had never been inspired so much as he had been amongst the men representing the Baptist Church in Tasmania ; and he considered the Messrs. Gibson were to be congratulated on securing such men. He firmly believed that God had sent him there, and that confidence gave him strength, courage, joy, and con- tentment. God took those matters in hand; and believing that he was sent by Him, he would confide in Him for His blesssing. Mr Walton then gave, first, his grounds for believing that he had expe- rienced the grace of God, giving an account of his early conversion and work ; second, his reasons for believing that he was called of God to the work and office of the Christian ministry; third, his views of the leading doctrines of religion : and fourth, the manner he proposed to discharge the duties of the ministry. He said the first duty was to prepare and preach sermons, and thus feed the people with the Word of God. Hungry men fought because they were hungry, and if the pastorate was fed it would be one means of promoting harmony. The second duty was to visit the sick, not always the Christians first, for wherever there was a sick person who wished for words of comfort there he would go. His next duty was . to strive to extend the Redeemer's kingdom outside his own sphere. Then came general pastoral visitation, not to pray or read always, but for friendly intercourse. Then he intended to do anything for the promotion of any educational or philanthropic designs that would commend themselves to his judg- ment. He wanted it distinctly understood that he wished for no confidant except his wife, and did not want his ears filled with those things he should not listen to. He should strive to recognise and give to the officers their due place, and he hoped they would do the same to him. He was glad they possessed such intelligent men as officers to attend to the financial affairs of the church, thus leaving him free to attend to the ministerial duties ; as it was of the utmost importance to have the mind and soul quiet to attend to the work of the Lord. He wanted the church to be a peaceful church, and to have full vigor and life; for the peaceful church did the work of Christ, but the turbid church never did. In conclusion, be trusted that God would grant them to see the church prosper more and more, and in connection with the other churches to be- come a great influence in the colony. (Prolonged applause). Pastor Archer said he was glad to be there and join in welcoming their Pastor. He gave some of his experiences in Perth Church, and said Pastor Walton had come amongst a praying people, and he believed they would have a good time together. He trusted that the Lord would in time give to Pastor Walton the whole of Perth, and that when those present left that meeting they would go away more determined to do His will. Pastor Blackie said the meeting had welcomed their Pastor, and had done their best to make him feel at home. He felt that God had answered their many prayers in sending the right man along. The grace of God had saved him and kept him, and would support him in his ministry. In the name of the Latrobe portion of the church, he welcomed their dear brother and his wife to Perth and to the country. The chairman said he was pleased that they had all tried to give Mr and Mrs Walton a right-down real welcome. They had come to the end of their meeting, and he would ask those present to show their appreciation of the ladies who provided the tea and decorated the rooms, and of the various speakers— (A voice— And the chair- man) — by acclamation. This was heartily accorded ; and after singing the doxology the Pastor pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. May 24. 