CHAPTER VI. TELLS HOW A FACE LOOKED IN AT THIE WINDOW OF LANThIG ; AND IN W IAT MANNER MY 'ATIEER CAME HOME 'TO US. {My mother and I walked homeward together by way of the cliffe. Wei were both silent. My heart ached to tell' the whole story, and prove that my tale of'the Mary Jane was no wanton lie; but feart restrained me. , My mother was .busy with her own thoughts. She had seeon, I know, the glance of intelligence which the strangor gave me : she gueseed that his story was a lie and that I know it. What ehe could not guess was the horror that held my tongue fastened as with a padlock. 'So, both busy with bitter thoughts, we walked in silened'to Ladtrlig T'he evening meal was no better. "My food choked me, and after a struggle I' was forced toleit lie'moest untouched. , But whentthe fire was etlrepd, the candles lit, and I drew my footstool as usual to her feet by the hearth, the old room looked eo warm and cosy that my pale fears began to vanish in its genial (loa. I hart posseaoed myself of the * Pilrim's Progreor," and trhe velume, a dumpy ootavo, lay on my knbe, As I read the story of Chrlstla"tadd Apillyon to' its end, a new courage fought in me with my morning foars;'-?'"' . ' ' 'In this combat no man can imagine, unless he has seon and hoardl ao I did, what yelling and hideous roaing Apollyon made all the time of the 'light; he epake like a dr-.gon; and; bn'the'nthel etl?biWhatt sighs and greans burt from Chritian an' heart. I never saw bim all the while give'ed mueh au 'one pleasant look; till hd percetveal that he had wounded Apollyon with his two'edged eword ; then indeed he did smile and look upwardr I but It was the droadfullest sight that ever I saw.' I glanced up at my mouther, hall resolved. She was leaning forward a little and gazing into the fire, that lit up her pale fa.e and wonderful eyes with a sympathetic softnesse. I can remember now how sweet she locked and how weary-that tender figure outlines in warm glow against the stern, dark root.1, And all the time her heart was slowly breaking with yearning for him that came not. I did not know it then; but when doeo childhood knowr or understand theesllering of later life? I looked down upon the page once more, turned back a leaf or two, and read: 'Then did Christian begin to be afrald, and to cast in his mind whether'to go 'back or 'stand his ground. 'But he noneloered again that he had no armour for his back, and therefore th,ught that to turn his back to him moght give him greater advantage, with' eas.e rto pierce him with his darts; there fore lie resolved to venture and stand his' ground.' rI come on them in bed sometimes, and sometimes from behind.' The words of my Apollyon came across my mind, Should r speak and seek connsel ?-What was that? 'It was a 'tearthat'fell'upon my bahd as It lay acrosS'Toy mother's lap. Since the day when father left us .I had never sebn her weep.' Was it for my deceit ? I looked up again and saw that her'-eos"r were" brimming with .orfoW. ' My orfar and doubteswere forgotten.' I would a eak and tell her all my tale. * Mother.' ' ' ' ' Sndewhatashamed at, bolodiscovored; she dried h'er eyes and tried to emile-a poor piti ful'smile Wilth tho veriest ghost of Joy in it. 'Yes;,'Japer.' ' ' Is Apollyoh still alive?' "He stards for tbhe'dwere of evil, Jasper, and they' Are always alive.'' "' '"Buts I mean, ilorns he walk about the world lik-aman'? ls'hureally'alive? '"' 'Why;" o, 'Jasper. What nonsense has uo into yourhead nor?' ' decause, mother, T'met him to-day. That as, hde'~ld 'he 'was 'Apollyorio. 'nd that he would come and carry me off if- ' Half apprehensive at my boldness. I cast an nxiousnlook around as I spoke. Nothing met my eyes but the familiar furnitore and the dancing shadows on the wall, until their gaze fell upon the window, and rested there, whilst my heart grew suddenly still with terror, and my tongue daove to my mouth. As my voice broke off suddenly, mother glanced at me in expectation. Seeing my fixed stare and dropped jaw. she too looked at the window, then started to her feet with a ebriek. For there looking in upon as with a wicked smile, was the white face of the sailor Rhodojani. For a second or two, petrified with horror. we stood staring at it. The evil emile flickered for a moment, baring the white teeth and lighting the depths of those wolfish eyes; then, with a fiendish laugh, vanished in the larknoess. He had, then, told the truth when he pro mised to haunt me. 'Beyond the shock of mortal' terror. I was but little amazed. 'It seemed but natural that he should come'as no had threatened. Only I was filled with awful expectation of his vengeance, and stood aghast at the tConsequences of my rashness. By instinct I turned to my mother for pro tection But what ailed her? She had fallen back to her chair and was still Istriog with parted lips at the dark' pane that a minute aro had framed the horrid countenance. When at Iets she spoke, her words were wild and meaoengless. with a dreadful mockery of laughter that bent a swift pang of appre renion to my heart. -' 'Mother, It Im gon. What is the matter?' Again a few meaningless asllablee and that awful laugh.' And so throughout that second awful night did she matter and lanah,. whilst I. helples' 'od terror stricken, strove to soothe her ar.d r?etlt her to speelh and sente The sl.w hears dragged by. an? 'itill I knelt 'ofere her . aititb Fothe h;ghti".. The slow ?l ,ek s?aded the hour., and ltilt she gave out of their accstmned, holes and jumped back startled at her laugh. The fire died low and the candles died out ; the wind moaned outside, the tamarlak branches swished against the pvane ; the bush of night, withidt intervals of mrsterious sound, hlcd .the house; but all the time she' never ceased to gasz upon the window, and every-now and then to mutter words that were no echo of her mind or voice. - Dayligrt, with its pre monitory chill, crept upon us at, last, -at ohb how slowly I Daylight looked in and. folnd as as that cruel eight had left us, hapless and alone. But with daylightame some curae. d there been neighbours near Lantrg I shold have run to summon them before, but Polkimbra was the nearest habitation, and Polkimbra was almost two miles off, across a road -possessed by horrors and perhaps tenanted by that devilish face. And how could I leave my mother :alone? But "noW that day had come I would ran to Litend Town audaee Uncle Loveday. ,I slipped:on my hoots, unbolted the door;cast a last look at my mother still sittins.helplss .and vacant of soul, and rushed from the house.. .Tbe sound of her lauobter rang In my ears. as the door close behind me. SWeak, haggard, and wild of aspect, I n and stumbled along the cliffs. Dead Mans Rock lay below wrapped in a curtain of mist. Thick clouds were rolling up from seaward; the grey light of returning day made sea sky, and land seem colourless and wan: But for me there was no sight but Polkimbra ahead. As I gained the little village Iran down the hill to the ' Lugger' and knocked upon the door. Heavenal how long it was before.I was answered. At last the landlady's head appeared at an upper window. With'a few words to Mrs. Bu.vargus, which cansed that worthy soal to dress in haste with many ejaculations, I raced up the hill again and across the downs for Lizard Town. - My strength was giving way ; my head swam, my sides ached terribly, my legs almost refused to obey my will, and a thousand.. lights danced and sparkled bef6re my eyes, hatstlll I kept on, now staggerling, now stumbllgsi but still onward, nor stopped oth . ttQ4 , before Uncle Loveday's door, . There at last I fell. ,;but lockilypagnst the door, so that in a moment or two I became conscious of Aunn Elizabeth standing over me and regarding me as a culprit caught red. handed in some atrocious crime. 'loity-toiti I What's- the matter now? Why, it's Jutper I Well, of all the freaks, to come keocking ns up I What's the matter with the boy ? Jasper, what ails you? ' Incoherently I told my story, at first to Aunt- Elizabeth alone, but presently, in answer to her call, Uncle Loveday came down -to hear. Tone pair stood silent and wondering. They were not elaborately dressed. Aunt Elizabeth, it is true, wee smothered from head to foot in a gigantic Inverness cape, that mighthave been my uncle's were it not obviously too large for that little man. . Her nightcap. on the other hand, was ostenta tiously her own. No other woman could have had strength of mind to wear such a head. dress. Uncle- Loveday's costume was 'even more singular ; for the irst time I saw him without a single brase button, and for the first time I understood how much he owed to those decorations. eis first words were 'Jasper, I hope you are telling me. the truth. Your mother told me yesterday of some cock and-bull story concerning- the Anne Maria or some sunoh vessel. I hope this Ise not another such case. I have told you often enough where little boys who tell falsehoods go to.' My whiteface must have been voucher for my truth on this occasion ; for Anot Elizabeth cur him 'short with the single word 'break fast,' and baled me into the little parlour whilst the pair Weent to dress. ,As I waited, I heard the sound of the pody without, and presently Aunt, Elizabeth returned in her ordinary costume to worry the small, servant who laid breakfast. Whether Uncle Loveday ever had that meal I do not know to this day, for whilst it was being prepared I saw him get into the little carriage and drive off towards Lantrig. I was told that I could not go until I had eaten, and so with a sore heart, but no thought of disobedience, Iturned to breakfast. fro as ro rorusoD.) 