Jims ijKJIiDEN HOPE A BOMANCE OP THE DEEP. *' I dnuit» dream that m*» aot all a dream.1 Bx W. Clam Russkl. 'Chapxbr XXX.VT. (CoNTiNuri)}_Xi SCHOONBR IS SPOKE*. Breeches tent a gloom; look over ths teff cail, and folded hi« um« with a stare al the •9°“* P*‘® I*®*. Jobnny, the boy, began to BlooMr. ■For this here sahooaer to he ttken and m man made prisoners of 'll he a pleasing termination of the woyage, ssrtinly,' said Goldsmith, in a growing irooiosl voioe. and MTagely burying his hands in his poekeis. ■i wish Td never shipped. Don't •»<*»« I «'« ebonld if it hadn't been for Ibiokpartnsdin’ of me. Tbere'e that abont -«hia here woyage that's kep’ me unoomfort •ble all through. Why,.damme, I wouldn’t e° muoh ofcjeet to the parson’s wision •“ ltbadn t Inrnsd oat trne. It’s its traeness •te disagrees with me. I! a man points to a ■nomer and says “There’s the devil," and there ■ nothin' there, I leagh it him ; bat if he point* and I look and sees a blank man * tail twin hit lege, and eyes as big ss riding lights, why thsn, yon see. I wants to retire. Tbere'e a sight too muoh of what •in t natural in this woyage. Don't wsnt to My notben agsinst the lady, but if Joe ain't telling lies when he saya that ahe’s more tenaible when abe’s asleep than when •he’s awake—reversing ell tho nat’ral laws as I n aeqnrinted with—then what 1 saya is. I'm not goin* to be surprised If the schooner's Irak's gone ont of her end the worst ye can •ear a-tollowin’ of ns ia that steamer.’ •I tell yer,* said Joe Hail, ‘that the lady tame up asleep. She tiered at nolhen past me till X (lipped t’other side the tiller in a .eweet. Then she sensibly talks to the ipereon end Mr. Stone at the lee-rei), points -aadohncks her erme about, aaletp ail the time, end goee below, missing nothing, -atoppin’ out ea true as a heir.' ‘ There’s nothing wonderful In that.' said Archer, who had been listening quietly. •Providence looke after sleepwalker*. I've 'beard of women getting on to the tops of roofs of houses end strolling about on ledges -no tall and narrow that people watohing them have tamed sick.' ■ Well, I only wish the lady was more natoral, more ’oording to regulations.' said the cook, dlreeting his pale fate, full of ■uneasy workings, towards the steamer. ‘ I never was ehipmatss wish anyone ae walked 'in his sleep afore, and though Providenoe, ae Archer lays, may keep a heye on the move ments of a party given to insensibly hsorirg after the manner of ghosts, my notion is that 'the eperrlt what works in a party and he cables him or her to oonwerse all the way ■ bom here with a man eoppoged to be in England, hot 'longside her all the time, can't 'belong to the part people looks op to when they prays.’ •Whynot!’demanded Aroher. : • Way not ?' eehoed the oaok. •'Close 'll it was the sort o’ bring a man has no •all to be alarmed ai, it ’ad make a parly \- aat arter the manner the parly was intended •lo.’ •I agree srith Micky,’ observed Goldsmith. * I reeolleet of bearing a preacher chap at a ‘Bethel say that when the ancient Jews saw a man acting nnnatnral they ealonlated the devil had (towed himself array inside of him. Bow they got him ont ol the man I forgets ; hot, anyhow, that notion of the ancient Jews —who weren’t bloomin’ fools, neither, spite • •’ Bill grionin’-• • I’m a gnnnio’,' exclaimed Breechea, • beeanse ye’re a-makin’ ont that that notion yon’rs spoken about belonged to the Jews. Why, man, when I was a lad the idea was eomrnon in the willsge I was bora in. I’ve helped duok two old women myeelf ’csnse the belief was they ibovad evil spirits Into folks, and prevented hem from laying This observation led to a lively argument between the cook. Breeches, sod Goldsmith ■ as to whether Ibe belief that people who acted erratically, like sleepwakere, or demo miaoaUy, like Breeehee' two old women, were posse seed by demons, originated with the ancient Jews or with Bill's village contempo raries. Bat the alow, ihoogh unmistakable, gaining of the tteimer upon the schooner ■ presently started ths men nponmbjsate they Were more qualified to form opinions on than •ha powsrt of evil spirits, and they were aooa engaged in alarming one another afresh with ideas ae to (he pursuer's nationality, and arguing npon what Huam ought to do so as to keep the race going till nightfall, if the wind held. Meanwhile, Forteeene stood eloee to Agatha, anxiously listening to Weeks and Stems ae one cr the other of them spoke about the pursuit, whilst the girl teemed to heed nothing bat the running of the schooner and the si*bt of the tees, wbio > would outs* rolling at one moment with ihrir derating brows snn- tonebed by ths flying morning splendour between the speeding eloodt, at -. ghe next pouring in delis*te oliva green under the eclipsing shadow of the pawing Bodies of vapour. Sometime* in glancing at her and marking her rapt enj-iymeot of the windy, •(reaming picture, the curate would fancy that there mutt be something more than the mere relief the bnoyant bounding* of the vessel gave to the clonded mind, and to the' physical oppression in the head she spoke of; something more then this in her delight in the beautiful alternations of glory and shade, ol the sparkling bln* kindled bv the sunlight. , or Ibe sombre tinge that gloomed in eteh • (Welling height with the varying of the 'luminary's beams. What bat the old inetlnoti, the old sdmintioa that at Wyloe ofteo ewastaad bet pensive gaae, when from the sea ahors she watched with him tome lovely, some tempestuous, some solemn •Ttning rummer mood of the deep, stirred in ber, now that (he had before her the very : perfection of an oaetn piston in th* flight of the schooner through the liquid vellayt and over th* teaming hills, witn liberty like a . goddam born of and dominating the mighty weltering amphitheatre, informing every seho with a tong of rare melody, till the mtoetnley in th* rigging and the thnnderont aadene* over the bowa and the sharp, mstallio, b*U-Uka ringing notes of the owaaping foam oombiosd their eoandi Into ■■the masio of an orehattra. ta whose msssmea tbaaehooaar, and the target, and the eiondt. and tba raaorrent daitings of th* high tan's btmma kept Hsm? But th* pursuit 1 Wka‘. did that steamer tksr* signify t She was yet ball- down, bat with all bar aaavae showing, settling away an the lea qoartss; tbangh now whaa Biram brought hie aya from ths glass h* informed fitooe that aha was beading ax tally thair own oonrse. •Thar* is ao donbt she it after ns?' said tba aunts. • Hot a shadier of a doubt, Mr. Fortessas.’ • And th* is overtaking ns ?' 'That'e plain, loo. air.’ • Bap pass aha should pros* an English man, aaptaia ?' ‘Idon't want to find ont, Mr. Fjrtesoue. ’ I daa’t want to have sitbos to say to ber. Ae I have toll ys, if she ain’t a friend il’-l ba loo late wban the iaet'a diaeavered. BUI, ahril ws bring the vehoontr slots? We're being picked op, mate ' •D aroa1! do to jam her,’ aniwtrad Stone, ’ * bat it aright ba worth fiadia* oat if th’ Bopa won't Ua aloaar than t'other earn Half 'Thea down with that ataa’eril, BUI,' 'haul oat Hiram, end in a moment old Stone . was raoaiag forward aad noting ont. Th« -xnaw, rendered satire as oat* by aoxisty, in a van law minutes had hauled down tbeetan’ aau, brased tha yard* sharp op, and '•■wanted,' as thay rev at sea, svery sheet to a paaeake-flatness of eanaar. The vessel was kept a rap-full, bat ths shift of helm bad brought tbs sea well on the bow, and .the prssanra aloft was exceedingly heavy; ‘for iht Golden Hope, sweeping into the fcraaae; pot a -ras stormy spite into Us hard pooling, and ibe drove along like a loco, motive,,tbe. spray breaking ia ibow-eiornte ‘-over her bead, her lee-rail pretty flush with ibe smother there, her weather standing twigging like bar* of steel for th* wind lo •put on and rave through, every foreground of baroaavss flashing with a (tarry light, . And malting into pallid ditnaess with lb* real v and etsggar of the spare to the sna, and hie ?Fatten i IkMildil inawwl wttb tea latest f dateliog leaping froml one Reload-edge lo soother. Phew! ’tin* noble sailing—the auihs rather of *oms beautiful creature of jnttinel, msddaned by ■ far-off billowing io h*r weke, thin the meohenie movements of a pieae of men's handiwork urged by ibe winds bod guided by tta* belai. - . The orew gathered aft for the ehoHer of . the quarterdeck from the lempeetaoae raia ■ng of greeo water forward, and aloud grouped near tb* main riggiog, all iteriog, aa with , °ae P»i* of eyes, at the eleemer. Hiram, kneeling on thoae lege of hie, which in their trousere looked rather leas supple than a pair of tongs, iospeolod the stranger through the telessope. . He watshed her for a long minute, the glass rising and falling with his head lo the plunge and dip of the schooner. Then rising and catting his protruding ryes in the most dismal manner first on Mr. Fortesoue, tnen nn Slone, and finally on the men, be said in a low, hot hollow, soioe: * Ltd*, he's hanled his ssind 1’ * Headin' up as we do !' shouted Breeches, 1 Ay,' answered Hiram, ‘ as we do.’ * Then,' growled Goldsmith, with a note of desperation in his deop-asa base. ‘ it’s " b, a, doable-hall—hall; o, p—hup"—hall hup, builUs. What’s a goin’ to withstand hrnginea io a wessel as otn sell as olose as the chase?' Hiram took no notice of this, $ * But, man,' cried out Mr. Fortescus, 1 a’ler ell, oor ideas are pare imagination, so far. How do we know sae's not an English man ? Presuming her to bo a foreigner, whtc right have we at yet to support thst the country iho belongs toil at war with ‘ Ay, that’s all very well, sir,' b iwlod the cook ; • but what'a Captain Wealts running away for, then ?’ * Because,’ roared Hiram, * it’s one of fbrm businesses whloh, to make sure of, allows 'em ohiefly to make sure of you. What's she a-ohaaing of us lor ? D'ye think •ne'd shift her course it she only wanted to speak—it thirt was notheo particular ? She’s a man-of war, and what'a her purpose in these here waters? Why, yea,' be shouted soornfnlly, 'the may be a countryman, and ihe may bi mistaken of our dodgin’ her. But d’ye wish ms lo heave to and find onl, when by getliu' away we shall be dropping all the risks I've told yer * But we aren't goin’ to get awey !' cried Breeches. ‘ Why, ahe'a awellio’ np down there like a sailor's weakit in a publio ‘ She's got a ooloor flying,' said Stone, who had been silently working awey with the 1 Ha !' exolaimed Hiram, wheeling round. * At Ihe fora royal mast bead,' oontinned the mate. He looked a little while longer. ' I dnnns,' he cried, ' my sight ain't what it was ; bat—bat if it aio’t bine and white and red, yon may bile me !' he roared out,' if it's yalier or black or green!' Hiram looked on dully an instant or two, staring at Stone, ' By tbnoder !' he mattered, then matched at the glam and levelled it. ' Freneh 1' ho yelled. 1 Who’s got eyes here ?’ Toe men seme io a rush all around him. Hiram gave Ihe teleseope to Archer, who, after a short Inspeotion, said, * Yes, sir, the trlooloor. A small French screw mauof Othara of Ihe men looks]—Breeches, Goldsmith, Dock; they were all agreed. The flag in Ihe glass blew out its tints brilliant to the inn, and the vessel herself, her hail now and again showing betwixt a sea, black and glossy as the plumes of • crow, was beading op to it like Ihe schooner herself, and gaining ateadily with every Sve minutei that went by. Hiram, folding hia arms, took a long look j at the stranger, and then e loog look at the men. Ha area lost in thought, then twoke to earnestly inapeot hia eanvna and judge hia speed by watching the passage of the white ' Bill,’ he said, addressing Bione in a voiee to be beard by ail hands, * she's ostohing os \ np, bat we’ll keep on this rateh aod hold on all, for we’re not to know aha wants ns to atop, -and-seaetbing might happen lo her henginaa, or she might carry away a mast— | and anywaya we'll hold ail 1’ Stona nodded. * But whether there'a war or not,’ son , tinned Hiram, making hia eyes mast with a ; siognlar look in Mr. Fortescae'a face,' that's ( no oall for ns, whether we're overhauled or t whether we aneeeed in getlin* away, to be I ashamed of the ooloars we nil under. So. , Bill, ent with the hentigo and ran him np.’ , This was done, and, as old Ntone hanled the glorious bit of banting, streaming like a , flame aa it sotted rattling in a graceful curve I to the hallierd block at the peak, one saw t the English spirit, soting like the tonoh of | nature that makee the whole world kia, in . every man’s (toe aa the whole mob of them ; followed with their gszt the flight of the , m°*«or flig lo its destination at the lofty : gaff end. Saddeoly Agatha, who had b*en watching 1 the hniating of Ihe ensign with an interest that did not e>oape her lover, said to him io a low voice, ‘ May I spaek to Archer, Mr. Fortescne?’ *1 will eall him. mv darling.’ The man approached with a reepeolfal 1 salat*. 8b* merely wished to ask him how he was—to tell him the delight the swift . sailing of the schooner filled her with ; an < | with a smile of moving pathos, in Furtaeoue’s eight, to deolare she was happier here than on the island. * I do not miss it; do you, ' Arober 7’ * Ho, aim.’ i ' Sometimes I have wished the little t boose yon boil! me was here. The trem bling of th* leave* made the ground oool aod pretty. Bat I like my cabin down. ttairs. and my elothee.* looking at herself | with an added touch of colour, and uniting , a* though ah* fait her simplicity and sought , an excuse for It, oat knowing how to express | her happinecs save by indicating the thing* which gave her pleasure; * and Mr. For ! teaene it eo kind to me—as yon were, , Archer; hot—but—’ the straggled with s , esndour one saw her instinct* wsre for , c lensicg, and abrnptiy pausing, ah* looked half shyly, halt anxiously at her lover. | * We're both lo good hand*, mils, and ’tia , glorious to feel were going home,’ (aid , Archer, and again knnokliog his forehead he stopped over to where th* other men wo* | grouped. ' They've healed down the flag at the , mainmast,' shoutsd Stone, with hi* eye as [ the glass ‘ Hillo ! Oas—tew—three—four , —five flags; they’re a eiguaUaiog of ns; and —hillo !' he bawled again, * they’re- a firing I' The small white fasti of snicks, th\t as i’ leapt from tens biw gan or other of the I itoemer wae blown by the wind into a strttoh of veil-like vapour, shot with the i lo<tre, wae instantly teen, and all hand* slated for the mMli * Well, I’m doodled I' bawled old B'eeobes. 'That'* meant for oar ensign I s'pose. so' if it don't einnify war, why, then, any man may shock old Bill ovsrboard as likes/ * Anybody see where the shot attack ?' I shonted Hiram, io a quita daapacaie state of exeitement Thera waa no nnawer. ' Anybody hear ths explosion ?' 1 Of did/ eried Johnny, with hi* whit# faae eonaplouiu* among tba men. ' Bag pardon, oap’n,' mid Archer, (tapping I forward, ’bat if so bn, aa Mr. Sioas says, that steamer'* eignellaiog of ns, il’n likely , "ha's fired her gun to eall attention to ber , fltgs, or ai a request to m Is heave to.’ . * There’* no nee Io her botherin’ with [ flngs,’ cried Hirtm. whose agitation kept him . jumping and boppiog about aa though hia I nervoa* *y*t«m had b-cu suddenly and , violently smitten,' ’cants wa’vs got ho book l on board and chan't be abte to onderatand , not ban hat heneigae. A i to her meaning by j bar gan to atk ns to bsavs to, wby. lf looold ; believe It won't shotted—and that (he only j wanted ~to apeak ot—1’ end here he stopped I withMe eyee bn Fortesoue. , 'Then sen- be no doabt, X suppose,' laid i the eiergymen, * thnt eh* i* Freneh T’ " , 'I don't know, sir,' answered Hiram, } ' Shi may bs * Buiits I tall yet holitin* , oolonra in war tlmas it mere cheatin'.’ I ‘ Anyway,' portoed the olergyman, ‘.sbe'i , gaining oa ot?’ I ’ Hand over flat,* answered Stona. ‘ Then , are propeller*. I've hoard, often do bat . when Me wind's heading, by the grip they gd *f tb* water.' ' She’s certain to overtake us, then ?’ Stone ebrogged hie shoulders, Hiram timed to took at the steamer, the men gtaooel over the aide* or up aloft. The atlsnoe was general and mightily expressive. 'I think we ought to hesve to,’ said Fortescne, mildly. 1 The aoh loner'a yoors, eir; you're my maatar; whatever ordera yon give'll be obeyed,’ exelaimtd Hiram, rounding rapidly on hie long lege and speaking with an eager near, an anxiety, that made yon eae be wanted to be quit of bis responsibility. • Wnat do yon say, men?' exclaimed Por teasue, addreeiiog them. * Ton are bow the oaeo stands. Ont (eats may prove imaginary; oat in any esse she ie certain to outran as ; and snppoaing it ooneeivable she abonld be , an enemy, we are not going to improve our | reoeption at bet bands by a long and irritat ing ohate.' ‘That seems right enongb, sir,1 said Stone. ‘ If ahe’e bound to overhaul ns, ’ growled Breeches, • why then she mast.’ * Why, yea. of comae, if she dew, she dew,’ oried Gildamith; ‘ bat somethin’ may happen, an1 I'm for heapin' all on as we're a goin'. Time enough to heave to, says I, when the regalar proper fires at ns.' ' There goes a eeoooi gun. anyhow,’ ob served Areher. It woald have made a monkey langh to see the fellows staring up at the sails and at the sea to observe where and what the ball was going to ilrike. 'I tell ye what it ie, lads,’ said James Eitt, throwing e saTage, fighting look along the eoheoner’i unarmed deek, 1 (or an Englishman to be aimed at by a Parley Too without his having so mnob a« a eqnib to re tarn the compliment with is a dispensation as don't sail my boek (or one. An' tanning away (rom that three-aolonred rag's as little to my taste, too. I( it was me, I’d down helium and ahanee th' odds.’ ' Well, I'm agreeable,' said Breeches. 'Notben else to be done, as I oan see,’ ex olaimrd Sawyer. 1 All right, down hellnm, then !' oried Dock. ‘ It's your wish, air?’ said Hiram, ’What ohoiee have we!' answered the clergyman, not without anxiety in bis voioe, as ha looked at the steamer. ‘ In tor'gan’sl 1' bawled Hiram. * Baok the torps'l 1 Down etaysail and dying jib ! Up main task 1 She’s been sweated enough. ’ The men sprang about, those who would have remonatrated smothering up their ob jeotlons. and prtimtly the echooner was lying without headway upon her, bowing die long, steady, rolling sea with a regalar rhythmical awing ot item and stern, every thing qciet aloft, and the orew looking over the lee-rail at the steamer that, seeing tho astion of the sohooner, hed rednoed oanvas down to bare pah a and was beading for the weather quarter of the Golden Hope, flinging the billows aft In spray over her as her screw drove her headlong through them. I about e quarter of an hoar after the ■ahooner had been hove to, the sadden drop pings of the wind was like the weather’s con firmation of the wisdom of Hiram in bring ing his vessel to a stand. It was osrtain it rendeied the men more satisfied with what had been done, more particularly when they noticed as the steamar grew upon the sea, the cnperb stateliness of her ball, her dominant shearing of the lessening surge rising white to each eat-besd, the rake of j •par whoae suggestion ot epeed was aooentoated by the swift ponrlng of smoke from the leaning fannei, and the inimitable anioitioBot the naked fabrlo as expressed in the pollution of blnieh light in her wet eidee. her chining leapt from brow to brow with the tricolour streaming at the gaff end, where it might now plainly be seen ; and as old Stone conld mark ere long through the glass, the gliiteriog of uniforms on the The breese had settled south-east again, with something of the steadiness of the trade wind in it, when the Frenchman, as the eteamer ante now by ail hands agreed to be, was about half a mile distant. . Her ap proach was watobed with an anxiety that became a kind of fever in the more nerrons ! Hiram stood wish one hand gripping the other bloodless. Stone with folded arms. Breeches soar, bat with the English sailor's doggednese in hie fees. Goldsmith with that enticipative leer which, as e prophetic ex pression, is good for whatever may happen ; and so on. Mr. Forteeene, bolding Agatba'e band, thought to himself, * Suppose Hiram is right—that there is was between Eoeland and France and we are taken prisoners 1' and yon ocnld have goessed what wae passing in bis mind hv the faee be woald tarn from the steamer to his love. On the other hand, the girl asked no ques tions. It seemed to him as if her imperfeet grasp of whst was happening restrained her from interrogating him by the seDsitivenere that springs from one’s knowledge of one’s ignnranoe He would see her straining her eves at the oomlng vessel, then glanoing from his to the faces of the men, with a con traction ai of earnest thought in her fair brow, followed by a side peep of wi-tfnlness •t him. whioh, wbenever she osoght him notice it, she'd endeavour, in e manner moat affecting to him, to charge with a meaning he knew it did not possess by ottering some commonpleoe at to the failure of the wind,' the deadness of the bine water brimming foamlesa past tba bends of the stationery schooner, and the like. The ateamsr ranged alongside to windward within egsy speaking disttaba. Her engines stopped, she came to a bait, and lay rolling npon the see, showing a breed white deck with every leeward heave, e few asrfonedss, a long gun in the bowe, end whole masses of seamen, whose postures, motions, figures, drees, would have bespoken her origin and eheraeter though she bad oome along with the red cross at all three mastheads snd the most familiar ship’s name in the English tongue writ large on each bow. 10, ie eehoonaire eh-hy!' shouted a man, twinkling in bartons, from the bridge, ' Hallo I' roared Hiram. • Vera yon boon'!’ ' Hlngtand !’ shrieked Hirsm. •V« vsei send a boat I' bawled the little chap * What for, sir!’ oried Hiram. ' Ve have a leetel babes here, an’ve ask yoo to take haem.' Hiram looked at Mr. Fortescne with e face from wbieh all human expression appeared to have vanished—answering purely to Jack's illustration, * As long as a wet swab !’ ' Well, I’m jiggsred!' he rapped ont, bringing his open hand smartly agslust his leg; • to think we orew of Englishmen ■ionld h«’ been running away all moroln' from—from a little baby 1’ (TO as COXTIXUSO.) 