DIED OF A BROKEN" HEART. A Chicago trick elephant has died of a broken heart, owing to the death of an elk which the elephant was partial to. | Love seems to have the same effect, even upon the humblest of God's creatures. ! Imagino the strong, able-bodied elephant, stricken with the tender passion, and piuiiig for a sign of recognition from the elk in the menagerie. Observe the two animals, with eyes foi no other animals, just contented in each other's com pany. Love looks love to eyes which speak again, and all that. Imagino the jealousy of the elephant if the polar bear should wink at the elk, or throw a kiss with his great paw at the elephant's ownest own. Only the chain around the elephant's leg, and the cage of the bear, would prevent a tragedy. And then think of the suffering of the elephant when his beloved elk was pining away from having swallowed the wire baud that came around a bale of hay. At lirst the elk, perhaps, was only pale, and refused food. The attendant would tiv up a bran mash, and some delicious cut feed, warm with steaming dish water, but the elk would stnilo her thanks to the attendant, and decline to eat. The wire was getting in its deadly work on the internals of the doomed elk, and the loving elephant could only wait for the end, giving such loving attention to the stricken one as the rules of tho menagerie pormiifed. Those who visited the show, and an w Hie olephant perform his tricks in a mechanical way, little knew the bur den he bore. His thoughts were with the dying elk, and when his duties were at an end, how ho hurried back to his beloved elk, to hold her in his strong em brace as life went out. Tenderly ho laid her down, and then went to work to die on his own hook. Tho cheers of the audience had no charms for tho elephant after tho elk was dead, and ho laid down and breathed a sigh, gave up the ghost, and both were buried in the samo grave. Come to investigate tho case a little further, it seems that tho olephant was a female and tho elk was a male, but there is no use spoiling tho story for a little thing like that. If tho reader will read "she," when reading of the elephant, and "he," where the elkisspoken of, and exercise a iittlo imagination, there will be no difficulty in understanding that love is terrible when tho animals get sick and die, just tho same as humans. 