DID BACON WRITE SHAKESPEARE ? A Great Literary Heresy. (From the Scotsman of 1th Apiti J "Did Bacon write Shakespeare ?" may seem at first sight to be one of these paradoxical questions that require no answer Yet it is a question which has often been asked before by persons strong in tho belief that the light answer is the affirmative And now there is about to be published on both sides of tho Atlantic simultaneously a book whuch is, according to Baconians, to set the question at rest Mr Ignatius Donnelly is the latest and noisiest supporter of the Baconian authorship of the Shakspeare plays For considerably more than a twelvemonth mysterious stories have seen appearing m Ameitcan papers mid elsowhere declanng that Mi Donnell) was at work upon a " cryptogram" sr hidden writing, tho key to which he had discovered, and by which he had been able to lay bare a consecutive narrative running through the first folio, and claiming, among other interesting stuff, that Francis Bacon wrote the Plays Mr Donnelly has be- come notorious by anticipation A lugo num- ber of transatlantic, and oven a few cisatlantic, enthusiasts have haded "the Sage of Niningei" -as they havo aheudy dubbed him from his residence in a faiuihouso on the Mississippi, some twenty milos below St Paul's-as the standard-beaioi of a great liteiaiy íevolt, of .a hieb, the success is already assured Among Shakespearean soholars at home the i amours of the cryptogram have been íeceivod with abso- lute indifference, or with the supeuoi smde of lnorodulous sapionce Mr Donnelly ainved last week in London, and is now engaged cor- recting proofs The book, xv hich will be ontitled "lhe Great Cryptogram Trnnois Bacon's Cipher in the So called Shakespeare Plays," wall be published ibout the 20th April Ad- vanced proofs of the xvoik have como into oin hands, from xvlnch wo aie enabled to give oui readers a prehmmaiy sketoh of xv hat Mr Don- nelly's book contains-a sketch onl), foi a de- tailed ontioiam of Mi Donnelly's woik would probably fill volumes, so exdiaustive w his treatment of tho disputed question WHO IS MU DONNELLY p Mr Ignatius Donnelly is a well ind honourably known citi/cn of the United Stites, ex-member of Congioss, e\ feenatoi of Minne- sota, a journalist xvho has long been identified with the cause of the people ig unst corruption and monopoly IIo is a nativo of Phila- delphia, aud is now about uj j ears of ago Hois married, andhastvvo grown up sons and a married daughter He has been i student of Shakespeare from his ) outh upwards 1 com the very first, it appeals, ho was inclined to dispute the authoiship of the pli)~, aud attri- bute them to Bacon The opinion grew with years, until it boeamo a hxed conviction Ono day it occuir d to him thut, °s B icon was fond of ciphers and hidden wntings, he migh*-, perhaps, have put something into the plays which he xviote under the nom d pinn Slnle XIHAT DONNELTX. SFFKS TO TROXL Tlie aim of Mt Doimcli) islopiove(l) fhif Shakespeare, the man of Sti alford, did not w11 te the plays ascribed to him (2) that Loid Bacon, Queen Elizabeth'sfamous Loid ICeepet, xvas the secret water of ill the plavs winch have since pissed undei Shnk-peoio's mine To prove these two pioposinoushe (a) bungs, nuclei review all tho known tacts ibout Shiksicno and Bacon, us xvell as li e ev idence miemil and external of the Plays themsolve», and of the Baconian writings, (I) seh, foithwhatbo claims as his special conti íbution to tho con- troversy, a cipher nanitiie, xvoiked into the First Tolio edition of ¡shakespeare by Bieon, in which the Lord Chuneelloi distinctly 1 i)S claim to the Plays n- hi« own work, be_u.es telling many curious stories about Shakespeare (tho player), Queen Elizabeth, and others, stories which the written tradition of the age has not preserved for us It 1= on the cipher that Mi Donnelly ht)s the cbtef stres, It is very elaborate, and it will pi obabl) take ) ears, ac- cording to the discoxetei, before it cm be suc rehsiully applied to all the Plnj « He sa) s - " A3 to the actuality of the Cipher there can be but one conclusion A long continuous naiia I've, running thiough min) p-te, dotad nsr historical events 111 a periect!) s)mmetncul, rhetorical, grammatical nunnet, and alu 1 ¡rwing out of the ¿nine 1111 nbei , employed .. ''< tame nay, mil coin ling /ion the ¡a ne 0 similm sttn inq ] 011 ti, cannot be ct/encise than a pu ananr/al aitthmelical eJ>l"> Thekex here turned, for the first time, in the secret wauls of theCirher will yet unlock a v isi In- oi) ncirl as sec it in 'ulk as the plays themstlve- ind tell i might) fclor) ot one ot the irrealest md mo t momen- tous eias of human ln-toii illuminited bj tho most gifted human ben _t 'ha. t\e< dwelt upon the earth " " _£ viiu,err-Anr mu >ot ^riií: TnF w^* steh, ?y?nnell'í opeas nie bittlo in xuoious ho. , .«5 ^ikr-pcmcm scholai isavv.re cbW V, íLalh known about th" "»* .rlv," 7 and hfe of Wilham Shakespeare His inooVn TTy 3£"01 !ed»e of ' * w of «neu nt and ahiai\LWOrV' Cf iüre,-'u iH'-rnníe-, li culi Vi n a lIlllttedl . mi-aeiilou-, in one xv hese in edurition ma been m t}l. _,lanilmll cdnn, at nèetV °n" *un Mr Uonne'lv h is btrii re dmr mm-, ? iake llpt, w mU, »art or ,,, ex -Llrh tends to thruv , i < ledit ], "llcï,;t\,i mthoiship ot the Plus t-nuT,;r; * nU "»*l"«w> critic, m nid efldo , V* ' n rt f-"dal J ln »«tumi«. t«r) . "I,"6 "» ^"«>»«'> -a».¿e" (A ol J- AA-rlh 'i ,!Ca lü!'" iR'P<-; «mt (^itou,r ÜC;V11; v.Li^i-YV';1 ; 'on on «.,. < I Li, mid It s, b-ieek » ». '« the U-t h'tv )ems th._ v civ i. tom pletely changed. The critical world is now substantially agreed that the mau who wrote the Plays was ono of tho most learned men of the world." In spite of the diotum of Ben Jonson, all tho commentators now admit that ho bud both Latin and Greek. Knight, speak- ing of the threo Roman Tlays, says they -how "n profound study of the whole raugo of Eomnn history," including the nicer details of Roman manners" which in these days coidd be gained " by diligent reading alone." Tho same commontator finds evidouco that Shake- speare had studied Plato : and reliable Shake - .pearean scholars have expressed tho belief that tho wiitor had read Sophooles, Euripides, Lucretius, Virgil, Horace, Statius, Catullus, Ovid, mid other less known classical authors. A curious nud valuable contribution to tho discussion is tho annotated odition of Bacon's Promus (a sort of commonplace book), by Mrs. Pott, tho Baconian. She shows that a very largo nuiubor of tho thoughts and quotatious j*otted down boro as memoranda reappear in tho plays, often in exaotly the same lauguago, hhovving, Mr. Donnelly thinks, " that the writer of the plays must havo read tho authors from whom Bacon culled these sentences, or havo had access to Bacon's manuscript notes ; or that ho was Bacon himself." Shakespeare's knowledge of modem languages and literatures is also proved by internal evidence to havo boon spaoious and minuto. Soveral of his plays aro based upon Italian books, which had not been translated into English at tho time. Ho writes correct irencli in many of the plays. Thero are also said to bo ovidonces of au acquaintance with Spanish and Danish on the part of the writer. And so Mr. Donnelly " piles up the agony." Ho proves, largely out oi tho nionUis ol Shakespearean scholars themselves, that the writer of the Plays was a mau of oyolopieelio knowledgo, and concludes as follows : " The author of tho plays, whoever ho may have been, was unquestionably a profound scholar, and a most laborious student. He hud read in their own tongues all the great and some of the obscure writers of antiquity ; ho was familiar with the languages of tho prin- cipal nations of Europo ; his mind had com- passed all tho loaming of his time, and of preceding ages ; he had pored over tho pages of French and Italian novelists ; he had read the philosophical utterances of the great thinkers of Greece and Rome; and he had closely considered tho narrations of the ex- plorers who were just laying bare the secrets of now islands and continents. It had been justly said that tho plays could not have been written without a library, and cannot to-day be studied without one. To their proper elucidation the learning of tho whole world is necessary. Goethe says of tho writer of the plays-'He drew a sponge over the table of human know- ledge.' " Mr. Donnelly then passes to tho question : Did William Shakspere possess such a vast mass of information?-could he have possessed it ? THE ENVIRONMENT OF SHAKSPEARE'S YOUTH There is a certaiu tono of peisonal animosity running thiough tho chapters xvhioh deal with tho earl) environment nnd upbiiugnig of William Shakspere, of Strutford, which, to tho mind of a tau leader, dulls tho odge of much of the criticism Mi Donnolly writes as if ho were speaking of a hv ing eneni), and rakes up against AVilliam Shakspero ovoiy thing that is discreditable in the eyes of modern moralists He argues that tho lives of tho common people of the time were "coarse, barren, and unthrifty " He shows that Shakspere's whole family were illiterate His father signed with a mark Even his daughter Judith was allowed to grow up to womanhood without being able to read or write He quotes firom a Shakspearean scholar (Ilalhwell lhilhps) the admission that "tho ditty httlo hamlet of Stratford" was " a book less neighbourhood " Ho points out that English was probably not taught ni Strat- ford school at all m Shakspero's time Then he rakes up tho stories of Shakspere's early apprenticeship to the trade of butcher, or of wool-dealer, his drinking bouts with the "Bidford topers," hu forced marrlage with a woman eight years his senior, who was at tho time pregnant by him his venison and rabbit raids on Sir Thomas Lucy's preserves , and his final flight to Loudon in lo88 or 1587 "To London fled all the adventurois, vagabonds, and paupois of tho realm Thoy gathered around the playhouses These were rudo structures, open to the heavens-sometimes the íoofless yaid of a tavern Eorved as the theatre, and a tough scaffold as the stage Hero tho rufhans, tho thieves, tho vagabonds, tho appientices, tho pimps, and tho piostitutes assembled-a stoimy, dirty, quarrelsome mul- titude Hero AVilliam Shakspore carno Ile was, wo will concede, blight, keon, and active, intent on getting ahead m tho woild, fond of money, but pool as poverty, and ignorant as baibitism AVhat could ho dor" Ho beenmo a favourite horse-holder, then a call boy m tho theatro, and final!) an actor of minor pai ts, such as tho Ghost in" Ham- let," und old Adam m "As You Like it" There was little loom hero for stud) m g dead and living languages, and poring into the antiquities of Gieece and Rome Y ot six ) oars after he lied from Stratford is published " Tho Arenus and Adonis," _ work above all finished and classical m its stylo , and Mr Donnelly is of opinion that " Hamlet " ind othei ¿bak snearean pin) s were on the stage beforo William Shakspero had cvei i-een London ' AV/bnt, then, our reader may isk, does Mi Donnelly xvi»h us to believe * How did .Shakspero, of Stiatford, make his living and use to such worldly prospenty as wo 1 now ho finally ittainedp Mi Donn°lly makes the audaoioiio anaWet that -IHIiÄFItr VSAS a usuitcn In support of Ins contention, Mr Donnelly quotes fiom a tract cilled "Riitsci's Ghost1"' (1006 r) a passage which Shnkipeareaiis ate genenlly ngieed refeis to SkaLspere, in ss inch tho following ndvice io gistn to a play« - "Thoa slnilt karn lo Jen! upon all wen to let nono feed on thee, lo mai i thy hand a iii align to tin/ pou et, th) heart slow to peiform thy tongue s promi-e and when lliou feelest th) puibe well hned, Inn/ t/icc some plate of lord "hip vt ile count'iij, that, giowmg vveaiyof plav mer, thy money ma) then h mg thee to ihr/ nily and lepiilation Then thou need'st care foi no one , no, not foi them thal befo) e made thee pioitliciili spialnu) then uoids on the stage" lho italics, of com se, nre Mr Donnelly's, and tlie mfctences are obvious Other crumbs of facts ne these That the only lettei extnnt that is addres-cd to Shaksperc is one begging a lonu of £¿0 , tho onl) two letteis extmt which íefer to S'lakspcic us a thud poison relers to him as a mono) -lendei In 1 >'>S ho lent Richard Quint), of Stratford, £u0 upon pioper cei utily In 1B00 he biought a succcsful notion agninbt a John Olav ton in London for £1 He is also said to have sued a Strntfoid mau for 2s lomcd And in August 1608 he pioseculed John Addenhroko to i crover a debt of £6, and thereafter sued his surotv These aro some of the disagieetible fitts vshith Mr Donnelly cites m proof of his contention that Shaksperc was a mono)-lendei He lilewi-o seeks to pi oso that tho " Swan of Avon" did a little bievs nig in a quiet way vs hen he jetned to Sti^-tfotd He further argue3 that Sbikspere's attempt to piocure a coat of aims for his faiml) and to enter the ranks of the ¿entry was backed up bv " wholesalo lym-f " lirait), he points to the 3a»t ceno of nil, the death of the man of Stratford, which according to the accepted tradition, occurred nftír i drunken bout which, biou^ht on fevti AA'hat evidenc» is thero m suth i life, a"ks Mr Donnelly, of the submne mind tint conceited lho Shakspe irein play s .> THE LOST LIDS Sill A*-D JrANLSCBIPTS A chapter is devoted to considet ition of the q lestions -AY hat becimo of Shakspert's libia") (ho must have lind some bool-), and where ara hu unuu- cripts Did he wute no le te s in that age ot lettei-writing» Mr Dojncll) puLs Ins ensp m 1 is limul ' plump omi plain" 1 t-hion On one side we have the j las -,-? vast, voltimmou-, imtnoitil, rovermg and ranging through eveiv d'j)artment ot human thought These ire the vs oiks of Viale \praic On thi* othci side the ñ\n sign ifuie«, three of them ainxtd to his wi 1, the utheis ta li-raldoeun cuts-the tot limn uns of tholiaiid wiit ngofù/«'»/)£ i. thathaioeeniedosvnton Mr Donnellv in his nu redulit), es in lunts ii conneltion with the si0inturcs th it Snukspeie tonid neitner re id i orwjiio, but simply ti iced a eop\ ot theiiflino that ssas submitted to him Bes o id the=o five Mia sling clumss signatuic, not tv o of which, aio spelled alike, there is ab oluttl no writing ot Shskspeie lcf-, no letters, no commonplace hook, not a fragment of tho manuscripts of tho pluys, not oven a copy of a favourite book with tho owner's signaturo upon its flyleaf. Yet if Shakspere was Shake- speare, the great writer of tho plays, would not any relics of him have been carefully preserved? In tho British Museum they have tho original manuscript copies of religious plnys written in the age of Henry Al., 200 years bcforo tho time of Shukspeare ; but that marvollous collec- tion has not a line of any of tho plays written by the author of "Lear" and "Hamlet." An ¡inmenso quantity of the manuscripts of Bacon are also preserved in tho British Museum How wore Shakspere's lost ? UK. DONNELLY B OriNION OP Till- nllST TOLIO rilE-'ACE. Mr. Donnelly's treatment of the first folio is important in so far as it forms tho bridge, as it were, from which ho seeks to load us from the orthodox belief in (ho authorship of tho plays to tho new oreed, that Baoon was tho writer. Everything goes to show that Shakspero was a "smart" business man, and know tho value of money. In his will, hovv ovor, ho makes absolutely no mention of pro- perty in plays, poems, or any literary matter, although ho is very precise in bequeathing his " Bccond-best bed," &o.; All commentators havo held this to be a curious thing, and many, in their zeal to oxplain it, havo attributed it to modesty, or to equally inadequate oanses. Tho only plausiblo explanation yet ndviinood is that Shakspere lind already sold tho plays or poems to others. This viow Mr. Donnolly, hold- ing that Shakspero had no claim in the author- ship of thephiys at all, sets himself to controvert. It is quito possible, ho says, that Shakspero (assuming him to bo the author) had sold tho ploys that had been printed boforo lus death in 1610\. But in tho great First Folio edition, put forth by Homingo and Condell in 1023, i-oven years after Shnkspero's death, there were seventeen plays that had not previously seen the light. How did those plays como into their hands ? asks Dr. Donnelly. AVoro thoy not valuable property, and did Shnkspere not know thoir value ? Further, the editors of the first folio speak in their profuco of nil provions quarto editions of tho plnys as " stolen and surreptitious copies, maimed and deformed by tho frauds and stealths of injurious impostors that exposed them, and claim to pro sent thom for tho first timo " ourod nud perfect of thoir limbs, and all tho rest, absolute in thoir numbers as ho conceived thom," Seo. Therefore, says Mr. Donnelly, they had tho manusorlpts ; which, indeed, they thom solvos assert, saying, " Wo hax'e scarco received n blot in his pages." Compare Bon Jonson's "Ho no vor blotted a lino;" and then look at tho signatures of Shakspero, tho only samples of his handwriting preserved ! Nor is" this nil. Mr. Donnelly reverts to tho phrase " grand possessors" in the profaco to Troilus and Crossida (Quarto, 1009), and points out that whoever these "grand possessors" may havo been, they had, according to the uninis tuknblo sense of tho profaco, tho power to pro vent tho publication of tho fourteen Plays ap- pearing in Shakspero's Jifotlnio. Knight thinks tho " grand possessors" must hilve been tho netors. Donnelly maintains that the pre- sumption is rather for some distinguished cliquo of patrons of tho drama-Bacon among thom. At any rate, he maintains that tho wholo matter is vory mysterious. According to his view, wo uro forced to conclude that Shnkspcro did not own tho Plays mid novor had owned them, and that thoy wero in tho hand of somo grund person or persons. Prom this ho procoeds to assert that the wholo publication of the Polio of 1023 xvas based upou a fraudulent statement. Tho litio pago boars tho inscription, " Mr. AVilliam Shakespeare's Comedies, Histories, and Tragedies. Published according to the true originall copies." The italicised statement, ho maintains, is demonstrably false. For somo of (ho finest passages in the plays, admittedly Shnkspenrenn, ocour in the Quarto Editions, but are omitted in the First Folio. It follows that tho " stolon mid surreptitious" copies wero in somo particulars moro correct than thoso from " tho first originall." Further, the story about ShaltBporo never blotting a lino is con- tradicted by Ben Jouson himself, who talks of Shakespeare (not Shakspero) " sweating" over his " true-filed lines." In fine, Mr. Donnolly concludes that absolutely no reliance can bo placed on the preface of Homingo and Condell, and that it has obviously boon dictated by a concealed hand. An .inlorosting oxamplo of how Mr. Donnelly can tortura plain state- ments may bo quoted boro. Ho asks us to read carefully the lines whioh Ben Jonson wrote under tho portrait of Shakspero in the First Folio edition, and seo if wo cannot find (hat tho compliments contained in thom are ironical ! 0, could ho (tho aitist) but havo diawa lus (Shakspeiue's) wit As well i» bmss as ho hath lut His face, the punt would thon suipiss AU that xvns evci witt-in hi ass ' "lhat is to say," îemaiks Mr Donnolly, "Ina wit diawn t» blass would Biiipii"S, vihass, all that was over written Is this not motin i way of intimating that only n blazon faced mun, like Shakspeie,would havo bad the inipndenco to chum tho authoiship of plays whioh wero not wnttenby lum?" There is, wo hasten to sa), no distinct traco anyxihoro discoverable that Mi Donnelly is a humoiuist BEN JONSON'S TESTIMONY Of all the xv niton evidence m favour of Shakspeare being tho true author of the plays tho well-known passages, in prose and verse, of Jonson have always been regarded as the most valuable, and will always offer considerable difficulty, even to tho ingenious literary iconoclasts who no crying aloud for the "dethroning" of Shakspere But Mr Donnell), lining pi ox ed (to his own anti-faction at least) ti at Slnltspeie vvis a rogue, a liar, n u«uroi, a fornicntoi and much ohe that is equally dnoputable, has littlo hc=i t ihon in nttaokmg tho moial cb unctei of " Raro Ben" in the same lirovciont sti lo His argument simply amounts to this -Bon Jon son is known to havo been omploj ed by Bacon to tianslato into Lntm his philosophic ii works Ho ivis presumably m the secret of tho Shul e speaie llajs, md know that "Shubespcaie" wng siinpl) ii on de plume of Bacon, and could therefore bo easily induced to wnlo tho (ironical ) piaiues in the introduction to tho 1021 Polio edition Mi Donnolly mnkes much of tho oiuioua fail that Ton sou uses the pli tee "meokiit Greece or haughty Rome" on two distinct occiBions-(1) m tho veises on "Shake- speare " m the Tust Polio and (2) m his memotandii (pub 1010), when he speaks of Sir Trancis Bacon ns " ho that hath perfoimcd in our tongue xv hat ma) bo cotnjiared oi preferred either to indolent Greece oi haughty Rome " Strange (Mr Donnell) thinks) th it Jonson should use exactly the same phi ase when speaking of different men Rath i let us believe that m the supposed coincidence lies another indication of the leal authorship of tho piny s-that Bicon and Shnkspeure uio tno ' mi- WRirrn of tul plvis s. t avv« n 1 he next link m Ali Donncîl) 's chain is con-tituted by the chipter on Ihe law of the jil)s lthnsilwi)R been one of the many '.itipivc's" in roniettion w th Shakspeare's learning that he knew the law of the counti) vei) intimatel) -so Ultimate!), indeed, that ho neser makes a mistake A ot he is const mtlj using lasv phrases, litsv metaphors, and whole scenes of his pia) s turn upon legal points Mr Donnelt) 's thaptei undei this head is most exhaustivo aid interesting »id t-cems to pi ove rnobt conclu-iv ely that the wntu of the Plays was a learned law) cr Laid Chief Justice Campbell puts the matter m a iutt-he!l m his book on " fehake spenro's Legal Acqunemeiits," when he siys -"AYIiilt noveli'ts and dramatists a.e eon stantl) mai ing miotal es as to the lav- 01 mamtigc, of wills, and of inheritance, to Shaktspepro's lavs, lavithl) as bo propounds it, tlierocan beno demmier no billrf exception, no wnt of enoi " It bas of oouise b"en ur<*edb) m-wi) Sh ikespeirenns tbatSii ike-rjriio was for some time m alton ey's tluk hut tho esidmee m this duectitn i mv thing but conclusive, and mans good Sh Le p -leinshase thcmi-elves abndoued the pj-ittoii as un tenabl* Mr Domicll- ptlv ipiotes Geiald Diätes -'«The vsoist tf it foi the thtms of his having been an attorney'» t'eik is that it will not account foi his lnMeht into iht law His knowledge is not ofnee sv/tcpings bit upe fruits, mature, at though he lid spent his lire m then gtowth A-r Doimtll nuns up m n svllogism -1 Thr> min who wrote the Plays was a lawyer > AYillium Shaksperc was not a law) cr S Therefore, William Shakspero did not write tho plays. Bacon, on the other hand, was a lavvyor, and a most practised and learned lawyer. DETIIltONIXOt SHAKSPERE. Such ia a briof sketch of tho first part of Book I., inxvhiohMr. Donnolly seeks to provo that Williora Shakspere, of Stratford-on Avon, did not write tho plays. It will already bo evident from tho foregoing that Mr. Don- nelly's case is essentially based upon cumula- tive arguments, which, although individually possessing little weight, nssumo when taken nil together somewhat alarming proportions. Ono thing is certain. Mr. Donnolly' has made out a ease which must bo" mot and argued by tho upholders of tho old faith. His statement is certainly ouo sidod from boginning to end ; but, it protends to bo nothing elso ; and ovon thou«h this most recent and ninst elaborate dofonco"of the Baconian authorship bo broken down and utterly destroyed, it xvill at least havo served the purpose of inspiring a moro thorough examination of iwhnt xvo really know about Shakespeare. Altogother apart from the crypto- gram-tho full explanation of which is reserved until the book is iiotuatly published-Mr. Don- nolly has dono the work of a oompiler excel- lently well. For it must not bo forgotten tíiat his work is largely ii collection mid roarrango inent of what has boen previously written in dofenco of tho Baconian authorship of tho plays. The theory is by no moans now. As early ns 1S52, Mr. Spededing, tho learned Bacon editor, claimed that there were two bauds in Henry VIII. Soon after, in au nrticlo in Chambers's Journal, entitled " Who wrote Shakespeare?" tho writer arrived ¡it tho con- clusion that Shnkospoaro "kept it poet." In 1850, Miss Delia Bacon, by claiming tho' plays for her namesako, drew down upon her hoad a shower of vituperation that is said to havo broken her hoart. In tho samo year, and iu dopondently, Mr. W. H. Smith, an English- man, propounded tho sumo theory. And since thon, Judge Holmes (lSt>2), Dr. Thompson, of Melbourne (1SS0), Mr. Appleton Morgan (1881), and, quite recently, Mrs. Pott, tho editor of Bacon's Promus, havo contributed to tho Biconian sido of tho discussion. So that Mr. Donnelly's genoral proposition is by no iiienns novv ; although his book, apart altogether from tho cryptogram, is tho most oomploto und plausible statement of the cuso against Shuk spero that has yot boen penned. iitAi,ois íucov xvi oil mr n txs Having (to his own satisfaction) doposod Shak8peaio from the throno of Butish poosy xvlni h ho has so long usiupod, Mr Donnelly i ills foi tho coronation of tho rightful king, Illinois Bacon, of St Albans Ho ¡agues thai Bncon xvas essential!) oi a pootic tcnipaiument that his piose is full of beautiful uungos and metaphors, innn) of them ldontioal with thoso used in tho Plays, that ho had a fino ear foi tho music of rh) Ihmio language, that tho poonis to wh eh ho attached Ins namo con- tain nothing that is moones.ont with his having hIho written tho Plays Mi Donnolly in this chap'ci an ives at the conclusion that Bacon "x>ossis«edoioi)thing needed ior the propnrntiou of tho Shakespeare Pltt)B " Interesting chapters succood on tho philosophy of tho Pln)S, m which a similaitty to tho Baconian philosophy is huccd tho goograph) of the pla) s-in xv Inch it is pointed out that while Stiattord, Shaltspoio s homo, is noxer once mentioned in tho PIijh, St _Ubnns, Bacon's homo, is spoken of very ficquontly, and Hirco scones mo actual.) laid there tho politics and religion of of tho Plnys All those chaptois mo ably lOTsoned oontubuhons to tho discussion of Shakespeare's works, and li ivo m thonibelv os a poim ment interest apait altogctliot from then contioveisial pulposo It maybumco foi our lucent skotch to slnto tho cATALoaui: op KEsrainuxcns wbioh Mr. Donnelly tracoH botsvcon Bacon, as known by his acknowledged writings, mid tho writer of tho Plays. Ho finds that both vs-oro aristocrats, both despised the mob, both con- temned tradesmen, both loved liberty, both loved feudalism, both pitied (ho misónos of tho people, both desired lho welfare of tho pooplo, both foresaw and dreaded tho uprising of the lower classes, both belonged to the military party, both hated Lord' Cobham, both wero adherents of Essex, both wero friends of South- ampton, both hated Coko, both, although Pro- testant, bud.some strong antipathy against Queen Elizabeth, both refused to oulogino her cha- racter after death, both, though aristocratic vrero out of power, and bitter against tho.so in authority, both hated Robert Cecil. As to roligion, the plays wero written by a mun of Protestant training, who believed in the political changes brought about by Criinmer and tho Reformation ; they wero written by ono who was opposed to tho temporal poss-er of the Popo in England ; they wero written by one who, while a Protestant in politics, felt no bitterness towards the Catholics, und had no desiro to perseculo thom. Such a man was Bacon. " Surely, suroly," says Mr. Donnolly, " we aro getting tho two heads midor lho ono hat, and Unit the hat of the great philosopher of Verulam." ?WHY TKR AUniOIiSntP WAfJ OOJ-OEALISD. a iwi? .' Donnol-y hcars h's readers asking -AU tins is very lino and persuasivo in its way, but why, it Bacon was such a great poet, did he wish to conceal his merits from the world? Why did ho not stand forward as the true author of _ tho dramatic masterpieces which were passing under another's name? Mr. Donnolly tries to answer this pertinent question with a chapter on »Tho reasons of concealment." The first reason, he Bays, was Bacon's social position. Bacon was anxious to rise m tho State, and, being an aristocrat of the aristocrats, ho was justified in his expecta- tions of proforment. The profession of play writer was not exactly an hotiourablo one, mid, although needy lawyers turned to this means of earning money in these days, j,Ist as briefless barristers take to journalism to-day, it was not the lenet likely that Queen Elizabeth would consider ability in play-writing as an attribute of a good lawyer or statesman. Moroovor, Bacon bad n piona mother, whom ho respected much, and who would havo been deeply grieved to know that her son did "mum and mask, and. sinfully revel.» In one place Bacon ¿ays, "I p,-0fPfls not to bo a poet; and m another, in a letter to Sir John Davies, ho speaks of himself .is a concealed poet." Bacon waa poor, and thero would bo a strong temptation to employ such talents as ho had in a hold where success meant mono--. There is some evidence to show that he had a secret sourco of income. It is a curious fact, and one not easily explained away, that all the plays w-ore produced during Blrnggluig period of Bacon's life up to the 'i8?.0* 4P:. .?ut "8 soori a» to ontered upon the duties of high oflico the plays cense to appear. On the other sido wo are asked to believe thal, Shakspere, when he retired in the primo of hie to Stratford, abandoned plny-sviitinn- alto- gether, and for the then ton years preceding his death never felt any desire to add to lho dramatic triumphs of his earlier days. Othor singular facts aro collected and noted by Mr. Donnelly. Many of lho mysterious sonnets, if read in the light of tho Baconian author.-hip, acquire (ho maintains) an intelligible meaning they never had boforo. ° l'ATULLELTSI-S. Fully 200 pages of Mr. Donnelly's forth- coming book aro devoted to the settm«- forth ot parallelisms bol ween tho writings of Bacon and the plays, with a view to sliowina- lhat both emanated from fho samo mind. "These parallelisms aro tabled under nine heads as fol- lows :-(!) Identical expressions, (2) idi.ntie.il metaphor*, (3) identical opinions, ti) identical quotations, (5 identical studies, (0) identical errors, (7) identical uso of unusual words, (K) identities of character, (0) identities ni stvlo. Ibis part of the work shows nn ¡inmenso amount of labour on the part of tho author. Probably the value of such e\id.ri"_ iH over- estimated. Many of the parallel pavage.-) cited might bo dismiwod as woi-thlcs. Munv again ure .singularly striking. _>"- orio fe,.¡M that an indefatigable commenta tor nillir bo nblo in tho simio way to mldiicecnnsidciublo ovideiico that Shakespeare wrote the EnjrlWi translation of the Bible. Novel llic-lo^s the-o chapters arc full of interesting and valuable matter. Jin. do.vnei.ly'o orronru.x'rrs.'. Mr. Donnelly is not without Hie belief that lie has a, distinct mission in connection with tho revelation of lhe true niiihor'hin of tho Shakespeare Plays. Speaking of* Bacon's reasons for concealment, he savs :-" And why should he acknowledge them"? He l.it hi-; faino and good ñamo to his ' own countrymon aftoi some timo bo past,' ho behoved tho oiphor, which ho had so laboriously ill sorted m tho Plays, would bo found out Ho would obtttm ill tho glory for his nimio m that distant futuro when ho would not horn tho lepioiches of caste, when, ns pure spud, he might look down from space nnd soo the winged-goodness which he liad oreutod, pasimg, on pinions of peioistont purpose, through all tho xvoild fiom geneiutiou to jreneiation lu that ago, when his body was dust, whon cousins und km weio ashes , when Shik'pero had mouldered into nothingnoss boncath the protection of his own baibarous curse , when not a trace could be found of tho bones of Elizabeth or James, or even of the stones of tho Curtain or tho Blackfrairs, then in a new world, a brighter world, a greater world, a better world—to which his own age would be but as a faint and perturbed remem brance- he would be married anew to his im- mortal works He would live again, triump hant over Burleigh and Cecil, over Coke and Buckingham, over parasites and courtiers, over tricksters and panderers - tho magnificent victory of genius over power , of mind over time And so living, he would live for ever " 