RUNNING GHusTS TO EARTH. (THE BOSTON GLOBE.) Tackling spirits, seizing apparitions by the throat, nailing hallucinations, peering into haunted houses, and boarding spooks it their dens, experimenting with thought transference and mesmerism, and in general monkeying with all the unfathomable mysteries of the, human eoul- this is the unique occupation of a body of learned men called the American Society for Psychical Researcb. In a back room of a modest-looking house in Boyleston place is the headquarters of the society's secretary, Richard Hodgson, LL.D. In this simple room, filled with books, pamphlets, and ciroularse, sits the man who hopes that his efforts will aid in solving the riddle that all the sages of all the nations have given up in vain-the "riddle of the painful earth." He hopes not many years will elapse ere eati factory answers can be given to these world-old questions: What is mind? What is the soul? Is it immortal? What is life and what is death? He hopes that Nature's eupremest secrets will be wrung by force trom her bosom, and marvellous revelations will be made to mankind. And this know ledge will not be the result of any arguments or of heautifully constrocted theories, but of hard frozen facts, 'Dr Hodgson is an Englishman, about thirty.seven yearsold, a graduate of Cam bridge University, a profoundly learned soholar, and ea level.headed man of much sound common seonse. He is an enhnusiast, and is devoted, heart and soul. to she work of the American SBooiety for Psychical Be. search. He certainly doesn't look like a man who hobnobs with ghosts, and is on speiking terms with spirits. In his clerical work, which Inoludes a vast correspondence, he is aided by a good, robust-looking blonde..apparitlon. Sue is also young,and quite pretty. . y.n. Wits a somewhat indistinot atterance, which souds along at about twenty-two knots an hour, Dr Hodgson told the writer .bout the work of the Society for Pychloal Research. SOur society evas formed,' he said, 'for the purpose !,f making an organiseed and systematic attempt to investigate that dark border land of human experience, and to examine criticlly the phenomena which are not now explained by any satisfactory theory. Scientific men of eminence in all countries admit the possible existence of Wbat the uneducated call ghosts or spirits ; and further, that one mind may exert upon another a positive influence otherwise than hr.ugh the recognised sensory channels.' ' That is, you mean to say, doctor, that if, for instance, you.are in Timbuctoo, and I in Oshkosh, I may feel my mind under an influence emanating from yours, which thus annihilates time and space?' ' Exactly,' he replied. And our society 1 is endeavouring to collect from reliable sources such facts, beoausseif they are once Incontestably established they will prove of ' the highest importance. ' The cblef departments of our work *1r. An examination of the nature and extent of any influence which may be exerted by one mind upon another in what is prpularly called a supernatural way. '2. The study of hypn,.tism and mes. merism, and the phenomena of olairvoyance. '3, An inquiry as to the existence of re lations hitherto unrecognised by science between living orgaeisems and magnetic and electric forcer, and between liying and inanimate bodies. '4. A careful in.estigation of and reports, resting on saroug testimony, of apparitions occurring at the moment of death or other wise, and of disturbances in houses reputed to be haunted. 5\. An inquiry into various alleged physical phenomena, commonly called spiriualistio 'In accordance herewith the research work of our society is divided among five committees, all of whish are presided over by men of unquestioned ability, learning, nd fairness. Professor Hl P Rowditob, of Harvard, is chairman of the Committee on Thought Transference; Professor Joslat Royce of the Committee on Apparitions and Haunted Houres ; [. B. Correy, a well known Bostonian, of the Committee on Hypnotism; Dr W. N. Bullard, of Boston, of the Committee on Medinmistic Pheno mena; and Professor C S. Minot, of HLrr vard, of the Committee on Experimental Pdychology. SThat doesn't look like a collection of cranks, does it? Our society is composed of men of all sorts of beliefs and no beliefs Some are Spiritualists, some materiallets, some theists, and some agnostics, but all Intent on the discovery of the truth; not by argument and ratiocination, but along the Ilne of incontestable experience ' ' Would an inquiry -s to y ur own per. ennal belief be impertinent, duo or?' " Well, I suppose, I should be probably called a Spiritualist. A number of years ,%go, when I was a student in Csmbr dge, England. 1 met a man, an utter stranger to me I have sufficient acuso for believing that he knew nothing whatever about me or my post Ife. And yet this mao told me, with esch minuteness of detail, circum stances and events which I knew every no a but r.,yselt to be ignorant of that I was forced to confess his miraculous insight ' When the writer looked a little inorodu oun and ventured to interpose an oexplan, tion of the phenomenon, the doctor interrupted him and p ooceded I,',This mtn, whom I met almost by aooi I 'ent. described to me wi'lb absolute tidelity to truth the peculiar manner of my conuin's Sath into Aus railsa twelve years previou, | hre I was then living. He said he saw Smy oouain prsent with us in the room, I there he and I were sittinr aloao talking r I?nst ns you and I are talking now. He toli Srme of our boyish pranks together end of little obildish seretb that myconsin and I s had between ouroelveg, He deserlbed, with perfect truth, many insignifioant and yet enduring impressions received when I was a youth. In fact, my.. whole past life lay before him like an open book. . He read my-, inmoest soul., SI was at the time, as ajeort of reoreation , investigating spiritualisin, and, from the number of frauds I. had come aerossyo, -. may :imagine how hard I was to conviuce, .,-. But this experience 'was -eufficient to over come my scepticism. 'Another incident of adifferent.oharacter, however, which came within my personal knowledge, served to confirm my belief that mind acts upon mind independently -o' matter or of time and space. An English lady of my acquaintance living in Lndoo saw suddenly before her- one afternoon the figure of her sister, clad in a shroud, and with her hair cut close to her head. This sister was at the time on the voyage home from India. - It afterward proved that ,n the very day and at the very hour when my lady friend saw the apparition her sister died on board the vessel. She had had her hair out off to send to her friends at home as a souvenir.' ' Why do not a few such instances as these, if incontrovertibly proved, establish your :theory beyond all possibility of douht?' 'Because,' replied Dr Hodgeon, as he filled his pipe, ' we are reasoning from facts to theories, and not vice versa. The more facts we have the more solid is our foundation. That would be a very treacherous structure which was placed only on one frail poet. A theory of thought transference based on one or two or even a hundred cases, however well attested, would have no value. The existence of one spirit apart from the body would not prove the existence of other spiri e. The fulfilmunt of one dream, the reality of one apparition, the verification of the premono' tlon, might be called a coincidence, and the, 1 man who should attempt to build a theory on it would be justly ridiouled. But give us out of 10 000 dreams, apparitions, or premonitions 1,000 which are verified, and the plea of mere coincidence no longer holds.' 'Do you anticipate satisefotory results from the society's Investigations t' ' Yee, personally, I can say that I do. But the work is far from being completed. We have a vast amount of evidence, but it is not yet examined and silted. A groat deal of it is, of course, utterly worthless. The replies to our circulars asking for psrbonal experiences are still coming in,' and It will be months before tangible results can be 'an" nounced.' 'Do you consider the haunted house branch of the psychicoal business a dividends paying one?' Toe enthusiastio doctor gave the ques. tioner a quizzical look, drew three or four staccato whiffe a, his'pipe,' and said u ?' No, that seems to me the most uneatisfactory part of our work, although several incon testable and unexplained faots have Iben gathered.' The Society for Psychical Research guards is gathered materials with great seorecy. Its rich fond of fact' is not published util . they have been passed upon and thoroughly' examined by the various committees ;even then the names of those who contribute their experiences are in no case furnished to the public. Among the following are some of the moat astounding facts an the record : On let January, 1886, at 10 a.m., Mrs T., a lady living in a Western' town, writes to a member of Congress, the husband of her daughter, in Washington. Dr Hodgson has seen the original letter. Thls letter explaina a telegram which Mrs T. had sent only three hours before, inquiring about her daughter's health The original of this telegram bas al'o been seen by Dr Hodgson. The telegram reads: "To Hon -,Howte of Representsa'ves Wathin? too, D O.-I can. Will come if Nell needsme. The signature is the mother's aname. Mra T.'s letter of explanation first says that she has been for some days anxious about her daughter Nellie's health, although there had been no Illness of late. Letters from Washington had heed lacking for some days; :he last one had reported the daughter as having just returned fromn { making fifteen carls, very tired, and nearly frozen.' ! I waked,' says Mrs T., ' lest night between 12 and 1 o'clock, deeply impressed with the feeling that Nell needed me, I wanted to get up and send a telegram. If I had consulted or followed my own in olinations. I would have dressed and gone down to the sittiogroom.' Later, however, Mrs. T. went to sleep again; but in the morning the vivid impression returned. As 7 a.m. Mrs. T. sent the telegram, and wrote apparently before she r. celved an answer, for in the margin of the letter is added the postoript: 'Telegram .here; shank goodness you are well.' The lady ino Washington, whose mother had .had.'? so vivid an experience, had been seriously 11 during the eitie? nigiht -although the morning had found 'her minh- ' better. Her astack was a very sudden one, which she described as neuralgia of 'the lungs, with a hard chill. ' It must" have been, she.says,. ' about the hour mentioned' in my mother's letter that I at last exclaimed' "Oh, don't I wishma'was here.! I eball send' for her' to.morrov if amn not, better.!''" In the morning came the telegram from the West, but the patient was better, 'andshe and her husband w re puzzled at her mother's uneasiness, and replied by telegraph::' We are all well; whas is the matter with you?' ' As Boston lady, whose position is an abso lunte guarantee of perfect good faish, wrote from Hamburg, Germany, on 23rd June last, to her sister, who was at that. time In Boston:-' I very nearly wrote from- the.b Hague,' saye the letter, 'to say that I was very thankful when we had a letter froa. you on 18th June saying that you were well and happy. On the nighe of the 17th I had what I supposed to be a nlht* mare; buenl al seemed to belong toyonsand to be a horrid pain in your head. as if--it were being forcibly jammed into an Iron oasque or some such vleasant instrument of' torture. The queer part of it was my own diassooclation fron the pain' and the conviction that it was yours.' Thisletter, written from Ehrope air days after the nightmare, leaves no room for supposing that any now forgotten correspondence had passed meanwhile. Is is, therefore, inters eating to find, on a bill made out by a pro . minent Boston dentist, under date of 19;h June of last year, and addressed to the i husband of the lady to whom the foregoing letter was wrlte.n, an item for one and two third hours' work on 17th-Juno. It is also int'resting to learn from the lady It question that this work was performod- for herse'f, and was done upon a very painfel filling. The discomfort succeeding thos work continued as a dull pain for some hours, and must have been slmultaneous with her sister's nightmare. An old gentleman living at Albany had been ill for months. His married daugh or - resided at Worcester. One evening lasa" summer she suddenly laid down the book shabo was reading and said to her hgsbandr: 'I believe father is dying.' B5e wart strangely overcome by the impression, s there had been nothing whatever in the conversation or in her own thaughts to lead to the senuject of her father's health. All ' that evening and the next morning the feeling haunted her, until a despatoh came ?a, log that her father had died the eveanlaNg before. A Lowell physloian was onalled to re0 a patient shout 10 o'olook one night. It wes extremely dark, and in alighting from his conveyance . he made a mis step and sprained his ankle severely. His wife, who was at home in bed asleep, suddenly awoke with the vivid impression that an acocident had o ourred to hier husband, She arose, awakened. the servant, and onmmunioated her fears to her. Nothino could induon her to return to bed. At 1 o'elook the doctor returned, ano it was found that the moment ofthe a oldent. and of bhis wife's awakening wore slimnli taneous. Fio wae three miles away freLe.. home at the time.' ' - A young lady of Boston was viiting her unclo at Montpoller, Vt. He had but recently moved there, and she had nevwr I heen in the Green Mountain SBate l.e fre; :. -The :.day after her 'arrival"/ I took her to a jeweller's. to see a 'd ,uiqus a timeplece which had been mentDionedaL '' a local newspaper. This jeweller was a Perfect stranger to both uncle and niece. ueitber having heard of him before. 'The gentleman introduced' himaelf and made kngu n has errand, and presented his niece. The jeweller, a very courteous, affable man .etched cut his hand to the young lady. HEfteyes caoght eight of it, she turned pale, bie'at to tremble, and did not take the proffercd' hand. On leaving the store she 5t1u to her uncle, I could not shake hands with that man; there is blood on hit' tfinera. He is a murderer.' Her unooh tid.;cled the idea, but it was afterwards learned that' thirteen years before the jeweller- bad been indicted for murder, although, owing to the breaking down of a witness who at the first examination had told a strai.htforward story, he had escaped Oonviotion. Mrs J., living in the suburbs, had spent be corning shopping in' BostOn. She says, I returned home by train just in time to sit down with my children to dinner. My youngest, a sensitive, quick.witted little maiden of three years, was one of the circle. Dinner had just commenced when I 'sd denly recollected an incident of the morning shopping experience, which I meant to tell her, and I eloked at the child with the full Intention of saying, ' Mamma saw a big black dog in the storb,' catching her e.er in "r'ine as I paused an instan beforesp-aking Ju.tthen something called off bmy attention. and the sentence was not uttered. Two minutes later, imagine my ast-nishment to hear my little girl exclaim, ' Mamma saw a big dog in a store.' 'Yes I did.' I gasped, 'but how do you knw ?' 'With funny hair,' she added, calmly Ignoring my question. ' What colour was it ?' 'Black.' Now it was utterly impossible for the child to have been given even the slightest hint of tbheincident as I was alone in town,'and had -!'aot seen my children until I met them at the dirner table. Here is a narrative, vouched for by the 'highest authority, of experience. In a house some miles from Worcester. The man who sends it Is a well known manufacturer, and bhis word is as good as his bond, which would be honoured anywhere for 100,000dols. . He wrote: In relating what I eaw on a July morning In 1883 at my house, which I had but recently porchased, I will first describe the room is which Isaw it. It is a bedroom, with a win dow at either end, a door and a fireplace at opposite sides. The room isin the upper story Sf a two story house, said to have been built before the 'revolution, . The walls are un usually thick, and the roof high pointed and uneven. The occupants at the time I speak of were my brother Henry, myeelf, and a servant woman. The latter slept in a room on the basement story. A hallw.y divided my brother's room from mine Os the night before the morning above men tioned I bad. looked my door,, and having undressed and put out my light, I fell into a sonnd, dreamless sleep, I awakened, about 3 o'clock in the morning with my face to the front window. Opening my eyes, I saw before me the figure of a woman stoop frig down, and apparently looking at me. Her head and s"onlders were .wrapped in a common grey woollen shawl. -Rer ems were folded-and wrapped in the shawl. I looked at her in my horror, and dared not cry out lest I might move the awful thing to speech" or action. I lay and Io ,ked, and. felt as if I should lose my reaso . Behind her head I saw the window and the growing dawn, the looking glass upon.the toilet table, and the furniture in that part of the room. 'After what may have been only a few seconds--of the duration of this vision I cannot judge-she raised herself and wen backward toward the window, stood at the toilet table and gradially va..tshed. I mean she grew by argrees -transparent, and that through the shawl and the grey dress' she wore I saw the white muslin of the table cover again, and at last saw only that ti the place where she had stood. -For tlti'rs I lay as I had lain on waking, not' daring even to turn my eyes, lest on the other side of the bed I aho -ld see her agaiu. Now there is one thing of which I noued take mny'oath: and that is that I did not mention thi caircumatance either to my brother or to our servant, or to any one else. SExactly a fortnight afterward, when sitting at breakfast, I noticed that my brother seemed out of sorts and did not eat. On my asking if anyth'ng was the matter, he replied, ' No; but I've had a horrible nightmare. Indeed,' he'went on, * it was no nightmare. It was early this morning. lnet'as distinctly as I see you.' 'What?' I asked. ' A villainons-Inoklng hag,' he answered, with her head and arms wrapped .-n' grey shawl, stooping over me and looking "lik6 this.' - - ':He got up. folded his arms. and put him self in the post-re I remembered so well He then described howthe'figure moved towards the door and disapp-ared. ' Her malevo ;nt face and her posture struck terror so my, soul.' 'A year later, in 'he month of July, one evening abount 7 c'olock, my second eldest sister and her two little children, who were visiting us, were the only fo'ke'at home. 'The eldest child, a boy of five years, wanted a drink of water, and on *having the dining room to fetchbit my sister desired tbeaohildren to remain there tilI her reta n, she leaving the door open. Coming back as quiakly 'as possible she met the boy, pale and" trembling on his way to her, and asked' why he had left the ronm a Oh.' he said, ' who is that woman ? Who is that woman-?' " Where' 'she asked. 'That od. woman who went up stairs,' he ansreret4_ She triled to convineo him that there was no one else In the' house, bat he was so agitated aud'so eager to prove it that she took his tuembliog hand in hers and brought him stitairs,.s and went from one room to an other; he :searching behind onsetios and under beds,? still'mainltaining that a woman diid eo no the stairs, My sister rightly t~toght that the mere fact of a woman going up stairs in a hnouse where she wris a atranger would not- account for the child's terror. - . "'A nlphbour of ours ,tartr d when we ftat told him what we had seen, and then asked' if we had never heard that a woman idsa been murdered in that hoqle many year' previous to our purchase', of it. He sald-it had the reputation of being huinsted. This was the first inlimatlon we lasd6f the fact. '"On'the night of the 7th July. 1888 1 was wakenid from a sound sleep by some onse \- - ispaki' g olose to me. I turned round, say ing,"Emlly, what is It?' thinking that my sater. who siept in the room next to mine, lid come in. I saw plainly the figure of a .':oman,who deliberately and silently moved away toward the door, which remained sbut, is I had left it. 'Two days after this occurrence I was wakened about 6 o'clock in the morning by a presentiment of appromhoing evil. I opened my eyes, and distinctly saw the form of a dtrkly-elad, elderly female bending over me wrh folded arms and glaring at me with the most lntense malignity I tried to soreanm, * ad 'tregaled to withdraw myself frbm her, jsn abhe slowly and silently receded back. yard/i and ieemed to vanisb through the liqdroom door.' h 