Brevities. (Saturday's Brevities.) At the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting at JFlemington to-day Boolka won the Maiden Hurdle tUaee, Sir Fyans the Maiden Steeplechase, Malua -the Grand National Hurdle Race, Euby the Grand ?National Steeplechase, Sir Launcelot 'the Seliing Jiaee. Recall and Menotti ran a dead heat in the Mat Race. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, Presbyterian minister of Stornoway, in the island of Lewis, the prin cipal island of the Hebrides, is unable to enter tain Miss Jessie Campbell Browne's Sfcye crofter emigration scheme until further detai's are re ceived. Miss Browne wrote from Sydney to. the xev. gentleman. Mr. Edward Duncanson has been elected a director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam ship Co. Swift and Matthews won the double scull race this afternoon on the Parramatfca River. Turner secured the magnificent bowling average «f eight wickets for 13 runs in the first innings of -the English Eleven in the match now in pro gress. , The English, footballers ran over their New South 'Wales antagonists this afternoon at the Association Cricket Ground, winning the match 'by 16 points to 2. The Australian team scored IGS runs, in their :£rst innings, aesinst an eleven of England, the jatter responding with only 53. Having to follow en, they scored 6 runs with one wicket down, .when play ceased for the day (Friday). Baylise, E. Cameron, Colquhoun, Neild, and 3elbri$ge (2). played a splendid game this after 'aaoon for N.S.W. against the Englishmen. The orders of the Sisters of Nazareth and the Fathers of the Congregation of the xioly Ghost ?will be founded by Bishop Sloore, of Ballarat, on lis return to the colony in October next. The frozen meat cargo of the Liguria has ' realised 4Jd per lb. Stourhead, Clan Chation, and Fealty ran first, second, and third in the Goodwood Stakes on Fri day, at Goodwood. It is Etated in Newcastle that, at the conference of the colliery proprietors in Sydney, it was de cided that the masters would not send their Agreement to the miners until the latter had withdrawn the resolutions passed at the aggregate meeting on Saturday last. A law clerk named W. C Grosvenor was knocked down by a vehicle in Pitt-street this afternoon and killed. An inquest will be held. Deceased was in the employ of Messrs. Holdsworth and Evans, solicitors, and resided at Summer Hill. A man named Ch&uvel; shot himself tbis after noon in the Commercial Bank, Dubbo. He is not expected to recover. A New South Wales detective arrested a sus picious character well- known in Sydney, at Mel bourne, on Friday, on the ground of a pin which he was wearing having a close resemblance to one stolen in a robbery recently committed in Syd ,' aey. It is estimated that 380 Ironmoulders will ba thrown out of employment by the strike in Mel Jbourne. The Governor of Victoria has received a tele ? gram from the Secretary of State, congratulating ,' the colony on the Exhibition. An old woman named Smraa Scofcc, housekeeper to a resident of Brunswick (Vic), who was . severely burned in June last, died in the local I .hospital from tetanus this morning. An inquest ?niil be held. The Cobar street lamps were lighted for the first time on Friday night. Thomas Ainsworth, on a charge of mendicancy, was at the W.P.C., to-day, ordered to gaol for one month, hard labor. A woman named Agnes Wilson, alia3 O'Niell, -was at the W.P.C., to-day, fined 40s, or two months' hard labor, for assaulting Kate Poole. A man, named William JSl&ddoeks;, was, at the W.P.C. this morning, sent to gaol for seven days, on a charge of refusing to pay ninepenee, for liquor obtained at the National Hotel, George street. Several members of the Ministry have been in cited to visit Gunnedah on Tuesday next, when a ?banquet will be held. The first teams with wool from Bulgoo passed Cobar on Friday. Mr. Guetavus Alphonse Moreli, a well-known Sydney architect, died this morning. Sir Henry Parkes states that ' it is not the ' intention of the Government at present to take any steps to remove the rifle range from Padding ton.' After some fatality occurs in the Centen nial Park, probably the butts will be removed. The work of discharging the cargo of the Mariposa is nearly completed, and a large quan ?' tity of coal has been taken on board the vessel. 'Work will be continued night and day, and on Sunday, until the vessel leaves Sydney. At the resumed inquest, to-day, regarding the deaths of Charles Andrews and John Collins, ?whose bodies were exhumed on the 13th ultimo, the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder egainst Louisa Collins, in the case of Andrews, and found that the child John Collins died from natural causes. Louisa Collins was then com mitted for trial. Ewen Cameron's performances on the football ground, this afternoon, against the Englishmen, ?were such as to give his detractors cause for remorseful, thought. THa play, and that of his brother., wws brilliant. Mr. John Eourke, who has retired from the position of superintendent of St. Mary's Sunday -schools, Maitland, after a service of over twenty years, was last week presented, on behalf of the .Sunday-school teachers, with a neatly-printed ?address, containing portraits of the teachers and the recipient. Parkgrove F. C. defeated Southern Cross -Joadja) in the Gardiner Cup (S.B. rules) by 6 goals to 1. ?For .England, to- day, in the football match, Stoddart was in brilliant form. Haslem, Buniby, And Burnett ably supported him. 