IS THE SPIRIT OF THE LOED STRAITENED? BT REV. ALEXANDER MACLAREN, D.D. " O, thou that art named tho houso of Jacob, is tho Spirit of tho Lord straitenod ? Aro those His doings ? " Micah, ii. 7. The greater part of so-called Christendom is to-day celebrating the gifts of a Divine Spirit to tho Church ; but ib may well be asked whether the religious condition of so-called Christendom is not a sad satire upon Pentecost ? There seems a woeful contrast, very perplexing to faith, between the bright promise at the beginning and the history of the development in the future. I want, dear brethren, to avail myself of this morning's associations to press upon your con- sciences, and upon my own, some considerations < naturally suggested by the period, and which find , voice in these two indignant questions of the old i prophet : - " Is the Spirit of the Lord straitened?" Are these the phenomena of existing popular Christianity ? " Are these His doings ?" And if we are brought sharp up against ( the consciousness of a dreadful contrast, it may ' do us good to ask what the explanation is of so 1 cloudy a day following a morning so bright. i I. First, then, I have to ask you to think with ] me of the promise of tho Pentecost. What did it declare and hold forth for tho faith 1 of the Church P I need not dwell at any length : upon this thought. Tho facts are familiar to you, and the inferences drawn from them aro common- place and known to us all. But let mo just omimorato them as briefly as may be. The rush- ing wind and THE FIERY TONGUES. " Suddenly there carnea sound, as of the rush- ing of a mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting." And there came " cloven tongues as of fire, and it sat upon each of them ; and they wore all filled with the Holy Ghost." What lay is that! First the promise of a Divino Spirit whoso Bymhola express Borne, at all events, of the characteristics and wonderfulness of His works.- The " rushing of a mighty wind " spoke of a power which varied in its manifesta- tions from the gentlest breath that scarco moves the leaves on the Bummer trees to the wildest blast that casts down all which stand in its way. Tho natural symbolism of the wind, the least i material, to the popular apprehension, of all material forces, and of which tho connootion with tho immaterial part of a man's personality has been expressed in all languages, point to a Divine, to an immaterial, to a mighty, to a life-giving power which is free to blow whither it listefch, ; and of which mon can mark tho effects, though ? thoy are all ignorant of the force itself. The twin symbol, tho fiery tongues, which parted and sat upon each of them, speak in like manner of tho Divino influences, not aa destruc- tive, but full of quick, rejoicing energy and lifo, the powor to transform and to purify. WhitUor soever tho firo comes it changes all things into its own substance. Whithersoevor tho firo oomos, thoro tho ruddy spires shoot upwarda towards the heavens. "Whithersoever the fire comes, there all bonds and fetters are melted and con- sumed. And so this fire transforms, purifies, ennobles, quickens, sets free ; and where the fiery spirit ÍB there is energy, swift life, rejoicing activity, transforming and transmuting power, which changes the recipient of the flame into flame himself._ A SPIRIT OF HOLINESS^ And then, still further, in the fact of Pentecost there is the promise of a Divine Spirit which is to influence all the moral side of humanity. This is a great and glorious distinction between the Christian doctrine of inspiration and all others which have, in heathen lands, partially reached similar conceptions, the Gospel of Jesus Christ has laid emphasis upon the Holy Spirit, and has declared that holiness of heart is the touchstone and test of all claims of Divine in- spiration. Gifts aro much ; graces are more. An inspiration which makes wise ia to be coveted ; an inspiration which makes good is transcendently botter. And there wo find the safeguard agaimfc all the fanaticisms which have some- times invaded the Christian Church, that the Spirit which dwells in men, and makes them free from the obligations of outward law and cold morality, is a Spirit that works a deeper holiness than law dreamed, and a more spon- taneous and glad conformity to all things that are fair and good, than any legislation and out- j ward commandment can ever enforce. Tho Spirit that came at Pentecost is not merely a Spirit of rushing might and of swift-flaming energy, but it is a Spirit of holiness, whoso most blessed and intimate work is all the homely virtues and sweet, unpretending goodnesses which can adorn and gladden humanity. And then, still farther, the early story carried in it the promise and prophecy of a Spirit GRANTED TO ALL THE CHURCH. "Tliey -were all filled with the Holy Ghost." There is the true democracy of Christianity, that its very basis ÍB laid in the thought that every member of the body is equally close to the Head, and equally recipient of the life. There aro none now who have a spirit which others do not possess. Therefore, sacerdotal claims, special functions, privileged classes, are alien to the spirit of Christianity, and blasphemies against the inspiring God. If " one is your Master, all ye are brethren." And if we have all been made to drink into ono Spirit, then no longer hath any man dominion over our faith for power for us to intervene and to intercède with God. And still farther, the promise of the early his- tory was that of a spirit of swift energy, of trans- forming power, acting upon the moral nature granted to the whole Church, and . filling the whole humanity of the men to whom He was granted; PILLING in the measure, of course, of their receptivity ; filling, as the great sea does, ail the creeks and indentations along the shore. The deeper the creek, the deeper the water in it. The farther inland it runs the farther will the refreshing Bea water penetrate the bosom of the continent. And so each man, according to his charac- ter, stature, circumstances, and all the varying conditions which determine his power of receptivity, will receive a varying measure of that gift 5 and yet it is meant that all Bhall be full. The little vessel, the tiny cup, as the great cistern and the enormous vat, each contains according to its capacity. And if all are filled, then this quick Spirit must have the power to influence all tho provinces of human nature, must touch the intellectual, must touch the moral, must touch tho spiritual. The temporary manifestations and extraordinary signs of His power may well drop away, as the flower drops away when the fruit has set. The operations of the Divine Spirit are to be felt thrilling through all the nature, and every part of the man's being is to bo recipient of the power. Such are the elements of the promise of Pente- cost. II. And now, in the next place, look at the APPARENT FAILURE of thia promise. "Is the Spirit of the Lord straitened?" Look at Christendom. Look at all the churches. Look at yourselves. Will anyone say that the religious condition of any body of professed believers at this moment corresponds to Pentecost ? Is not the gap wide that it seems almost impassable ? Is not the stained and im- perfect fulfilment a miserable satire upon the promise ? " If the Lord be with us," said one of the heros of ancient Israel, "whereforo is all this come upon us?" And I am sure that we may Bay the same. If tho Lord be with us, what ia the meaning of the state of things which we see around us, and must recognise in ourselves ? Do any existing churches ! present the final, perfect form of Christianity as j embodied in a society ? Would not the best thing that could happen, and the thing that will havo to happen some day, be the disintegration of the existing organisations, in order to build up a more perfect habitation of God through the Spirit? I do not want to exaggerate-God knows there is no need for exaggerating-the plain, unvarnished story, without any pessimistic picking out of the black bits and forgetting all the light ones, is bad enough. Take THKEE .FÜJLJNTB on which I do not dwell, and apply them to your- selves, and estimato by them tho conditions of things around us. First, say whether the lovel of our own religious life looks as if we had the Divine Spirit in us that transforms everything into ita own ruddy beauty, and makes mon, through ali the rogions of their nature, holy and pure. Then ask yourselves the question whether the standard of devotion and consecration in the churches to which you may individually belong look like tho presence of a Divine Spirit. A little handful of people, the best of thom very partially touched with the life of God, and consecrated to His service surrounded by a great mass about whom we can scarcely, in tho judgment of charity, say oven that-that is tho description of inost cf our congregations. " Aro these His doings ?" Surely somebody else's than. His, And take another question. Do the relations of modern Christians and their churches to one another look like the presence of a unifying Spirit ? " We have all been made to drink into one Spirit/' said Paul. Alas, alas ! does it look like it ? Look round professing Christendom ; look at the rivalries and the jealousies between two chapels in adjoining streets. Look at the gulfs between Christian men, that are parted only hy some comparative trifle and organisation ana polity, and is that all that the one Spirit which is to make all the members into one body has been able to do ? " Is the Spirit of the Lord straitened P Are these His doings ?" 1 And take another branch of evidence. Look at the comparative impotence of the Church in its conflict with the growing worldiness of the world. I do not forget how much ia being done all about us to-day, and how still Christ's Gospel is win- ning triumphs, but I do not suppose that any man can look thoughtfully and dispassionately' on the condition say, for instance, of Manchester, ' or of any of our big towns, and. mark how the populace knows nothing and cares nothing about you and your Christianity, and never comes into your places of worship, and has no share in your nopes any more than if they lived in Central Africa, and that after 1800 years of nominal Christianity, without feeling that some malign influence has arrested the leaping growth of the Early Church, and that somehow or other that lava stream, if I might so call it, which poured hot from the heart of God in the old day has had its flow checked, and over its burn- ing bed there has spread a black and wrinkled crust, whatsoever lingering heat there may still be at the centre. " If God be with us, why has all this come upon us P" III. And now lastly, let us think for a moment of the answer, the SOLUTION OF THE CONTRADICTION. ! The indignant questions of my text may be taken, with a little possibly permissible violence, as expressing and dismissing some untrue ex- planation. One explanation that sometimes is urged is, the Spirit of the Lord is straitened. ?Which, takes two forms. Sometimes you hear people saying, " Christianity is effete. We have to go now to fresh fountains of inspiration, and tarn away from these broken cisterns that can hold no water." I am not going to argue that ques- tion. I do not think for my part that Chris- tianity will be effete until the world has got up to it in its practice, and beyond it ¡ and it will be a good whüe before that happens. Christianity will not be worn out until men have copied and reduced to practice the example of Jesus Christ, and they have not quite got that length yet. But apart altogether from that, I want you Christian people to remember that no shadow of a fear that your gospel has lost its power, or that God's Spirit has lost His energy, should be per- mitted to creep over your hearts. The promise ÍB, "I will send another comforter, and he shall abide with you for ever. It is ^ A PERMANENT GIFT that was given to the church on that day. t And it' is not true that the gift once given varies in the degree.in which it is continued. There is always the same flow from God. There were ebbs and flows in the spiritual power of the church or of portions of the church. Yes 1 And the tide runs out of your harbors. Is there any less water in the sea because it does ? So the gift may ebb away from, a man, from a com- munity, from an epoch, nob because God's manifestation and bestowment fluctuates, but because our receptivity changes. And so we dismiss, and are bound to dismiss if wo are Christians, the unbelieving expla- nation, "The Spirit of the Lord ia straitened.'? And not to sit with our hands folded, as if aa, inscrutable sovereignty, with which we have nothing to do, sometimes sent more and some- times less of His spiritual gifts \ipon a waiting church. It is not so. "With Him Í3 no variableness." The gifts of God are without re- pentance ; and the Spirit that was given once, according to the Master's own word already, quoted, is given that He may abide with us for ever. Therefore, we have to come back to this, which is the point that I seek to bring you and myself to, in lowly penitence and contrite acknowledg- ment, that IT IS ALL OUR OWN FAULT, the result of evil in ourselves that may ha remedied, that we have so little of that Divino gift, and that if the churches of this country and of this day seem to be cursed and blasted in so much of their own fruitless operation and formal I worship it is the fault of the churches, and not of the Lord of the churches. The stream that ! poured forth from the throne of God has not lost itself in the sands, nor is it shrunken in its volume. The fire that was kindled on the Pente- cost has not died down into gray ashes. The rushing of the mighty wind that woke on that morning has not calmed and stilled itself into the stagnanoy and suffocating breathlessness of mid- day heat. But the same fulness is available for us all. If, like that waiting Church of old, we abide in prayer and supplication, the gift will be given to us too. And wo may repeat and repro- duce, if not the miracles which wo do not need, yet the necessary inspiration of the highest and noblest days and saints in the history of the Church. " If ye, being evil, know how to give ¡ good gifts to your children, how much more will, your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ASK HIMP" [A portrait and hiofrraphy of Dr. Maolaron, tho authop, of this Bornion, appoarod in lost week's TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL,-ED. T. AND C. J.] 