TALE. Two Ways of Asking. Miss Holly's Lesson in Love. 'Tears, idle tears! Niobe dissolved: My dear child, what on earth is the matter?' Time: Four of a summer afternoon. Place: A pretty boudoir, furnished in the fashion of to-day, modelled on the style of Louis Quinze, with a dash of 'Liberty' thrown in, and modern accessories, such as crystal flower vases, three-volume novels, and photograph stands, juxtaposed with Queen Anne silver and knick-nacks ancient and modern. Dramatis Personæ: A graceful figure in white, flung with an air of deso- lation on the floor beside a sofa, her charm- ing nuque viable beneath delicious little rows of golden curls, her frame shaken by sobs; an older woman standing a few yards distant, dark, beautifully dressed, 'good- looking enough for anything' without being distinctly handsome, aged somewhere within the right side of thirty, and wearing an ex- pression half compassionate, half amused. There is a suspicion of raillery in her voice, which is felt and deeply resented by the fair sorrower. Anger is often akin to sorrow as pity is to love, and the voice which responds to the question when reiterated is decidedly petulant. 'I wish you would go away and leave me alone.' 'I shall not do anything of the sort,' re- turns the other. 'I am going to talk to you, and I do not care in the least whether you are angry or not, although I had much rather you would take my remarks in good part.' 'Oh,' responds the voice, still smothered in the sofa cushions, but losing nothing of its resentful quality. 'I know how clever you are, and that you think that you can manage every one's affairs a great deal better than themselves.' 'She intends this to be a 'nasty one,' and, as a matter of fact, it does not fall very pleasantly on the ears of her interlocutor; but she sits down on the sofa and replies with good humor: 'Well, my love, I may con- fidently say that I could manage your affairs a great deal better than you manage them yourself, and that if I were you I would have Mr. Clement Lascelles at my feet in a very short time.' 'Perhaps you have him there now!' says the prostrate one, ceasing to sob and trying to sneer instead. 'Well, Dolly dear, to tell you the truth, I fail myself to recognize in that young man the charm which I observe he has for—for some people; indeed, I consider him a poseur, with an exasperatingly good opinion of him- self, and, if you ask my candid opinion, I think that he would be all the better for being kic—' Dorothy flounces up in a moment. 'I will trouble you not to insult my friends,' she cries, with flaming cheeks. 'And it is not very easy to believe your sincerity when he was sitting in your pocket all last night, and you were out walking with him for two hours this morning.' 'In any case,' Mrs. Dalton coolly, 'your remarks prove that I have had time and opportunity to form an opinion of his qualities. I don't deny that he is good-looking, but it is intolerable that he should be so conscious of it. I admit that he is not without a certain amountof cleverness, and has been fairly educated; but I violently object to his thinking himself able to sit in judgment on people a good deal older and cleverer than himself.' 'On you, for instance!' cried Dolly. 'I was not thinking of myself, though I admit the soft impeachment (the one re- garding my age, at least); and what I dis- like most of all is his placing himself on a pedestal to be looked at and longed for by by pretty, silly little girls, who ought to know better.' Dolly stiffens her back, and says, with an assumption of dignity which sits indifferently well upon her, 'If you will excuse me, I should prefer not discussing Mr. Lascelles with you. You are perfectly welcome to your opinion of him, and I claim the liberty of retaining mine.' Then, her majesty suddenly toppling over, she says vindictively, in quite a different tone of voice, 'Perhaps you think I am such a fool that I don't see through your mean abuse of him?' 'That I may win and wear him myself?' suggests Mrs. Dalton, quite good humoredly. 'No, my dear and acute child, believe me, you have not fathomed and unmasked my baseness this time. I know your dear and sensitive little heart is set upon this fasci- nating young man. I don't think there is really any harm in him, and I am magnani- mous enough to be ready to show you how to obtain his affections, and to make him the suppliant instead of you.' 'Suppliant!' cried Dolly, with fresh flames from her burning heart ascending to her cheeks. 'Yes, suppliant. Every one, my love, can see—he most of all—how you hang upon his smiles, and despair when he is indifferent or capricious.' Wrath makes Doilly absolutely speechless. If looks, etc., Mrs. Dalton would, etc. 'Don't be a goose, Dolly,' resumes her friend, not having suffered any visible injury from the lightning glances to which she has been subjected. 'Keep your temper and reap the advantages of my superior age and experience.' 'Keep them to yourself!' retorts Dolly, tartly. 'The first I must, whether or no, but the latter shall be yours. Come, dear child, you know I am fond of you; believe me when I say I would not have your enchanter at a gift, and, also, that I am desirous to see him subjugated by you. He shall be yours, I promise, and I will only make one condition.' Dolly seats herself on the sofa, and allows Mrs. Dalton to take her hand, though she looks rather sulky. Still, she does, poor little girl, regard Mr. Clement Lascelles as the first prize in the marriage lottery, and is willing to take upon herself his part of the contract; to worship him with her body, and endow him with all her worldly goods. For in a small way she is an heiress, though he is not destitute of money, and has an ex- cellent position. Truth to tell, the young man is not what is called 'a bad sort': he has good looks, good brains and good man- ners, when he is not egged on to take liberties by the silly flatteries of the other sex. Poor Dolly loves him madly, and has innocently shown her pleasure in his notice and her sufferings at his neglect. Mrs. Dalton having paused to give due effect to her words, Dolly, after a moment is constrained to say rather sulkily, 'Well!' 'You must take the vow first.' 'What vow?' with latent irritation. 'The vow never to tell any human being —Mr. Lascelle least of all—that I, or, for the matter of that, any one, advised you how to act toward him.' 'Oh, of course, I promise.' 'Promises are like pie-crust,' replies Mrs. Dalton; then, with an air of great solemnity, she goes to a small bookcase at the end of the room, and comes back with a Bible. 'You must kiss the book,' she says. 'Oh, no,' cried dolly, frightened. For she she knows that she never kept a secret in her life, and is terrified at being put on an oath which she may break in spite of herself, a few hours later. 'Well,' says Mrs. Dalton, firmly, 'do you want him or do you not?' 'Yes,' cries Dolly, with tears in her eyes, 'I do.' 'Then kiss the book.' 'But how do I know there is anything in what you are going to tell me?' says doubt- ing Dolly. 'Because I say so. D0 I not know the world and men?' Dolly takes the book, trembling. 'What am I to say?' she falters. 'Say: 'I swear not to tell Clement Las- celles, or any other person, that Marian Walton advised me how to win his affec- tions.' " With a sudden desperate gesture Dolly kisses the book and repeats the formula 'Now then!' she cries excitedly. Mrs. Dalton takes up her parable. 'Clement is really fond of you—he would be exceedingly fond of you, if only you allowed him.' 'If only I allowed him!' gasps Dolly. 'Yes,' repeats her adviser. 'By allowing mim I don't mean throwing yourself at his head and showing him that you adore him; but by making him doubt your love and his own capacity for pleasing you. Different men want different treatment. There is nothing so delightful to some as to see and know that a woman cares for them—it adds ten-fold to their devotion for her; but I am bound to say these men are in the minority. Most of them are far more stimulated by doubts and fears—the woman becomes more dear as she seems more distant, and, as a rule, when a man is literally crazy about one of our sex, it is because she has worried and tormented him and kept him on a perpetual balance between hope and fear. Now you, and others like you, have so hung upon Clement Lascelles' looks and words, have so positively shown him that he is a great being, has a lofty intellect, a rival to Apollo, that it is not likely he is coming off his pedestal to worship his worshipers. Your only chance, my dear, is to adandon your worship to counterfeit indifference as best you may, and to let a gradual and startling conviction come over him that you were not really in earnest, after all.' 'It is very easy to talk,' pouts Doll. 'It is very easy to act, too,' returns Marian, 'if you are positively certain that your plan of campaign is going to be successful.' 'How do I know that it will be?' 'Try it for twenty-four hours, and see how it works.' 'But I don't know what I am to do.' 'You must be absolutely guided by me, and not act for one moment on your own responsibility.' 'I daresay it will turn out all wrong,' says Dolly ungraciously, 'and that I shall lose him altogether.' 'All right,' replies Mrs. Dalton, losing patience and rising from her seat. 'Do as like. After all, what on earth does it matter to me whether you are happy or miser- able? Go your own way.' Dolly springs up and catches her by the arm. 'No, no Marian, don't go; don't be angry. I will do whatever you tell me.' 'Then hearken and obey. Dick Wyndham is coming to-night. You know he is rather fond of you. Talk to him, and to him only, all the evening. Do not glance in Mr Lascelles direction; I will keep my eye on him, and report to you how he takes it. If he approaches you in the evening look bored and distrait, and reply to him by monsyllables.' 'I shall never be able to do it,' groans Dolly. Not with such a big stake to win?' (a little sarcastically.) 'Ah! you don't know what it is to love!' cries Dolly. 'Not as you do, certainly,' retorts Marian, with an inflection of voice of which Dolly is not acute enough to catch. Dick Wyndam arrives in time for dinner. He is rather fond of Dolly—he is exceedingly hard up, and wants her money even more than her sweet self. He is bright and amusing, has a considerable fund of small talk, is devoted to sport, and has not Mr. Lascelles' aesthetic taste of lofty manner of showing superiority. He has a genuine contempt for a man who talks art and plays classical music, as Mr. Lascelles has for one who thinks of nothing but hunting, lawn-tennis and polo though he rides fairly straight and is an average shot himself. Not a little disgusted is Lascelles, therefore when Dolly, whose sorrowfulness and its cause have greately soothed his complacency for the last twenty-four hours, seems to have eyes and ears for no one but this half-witted soldier at dinner. She is looking charming in a dress of a delicious apricot tint, which he has not seen before (he is a great connoisseur of dress); if he could only catch her eye, he would beam on her one of those glances which would have intoxicated her maiden soul. But whereas it has been his wont to meet her tender, plead- ing glances every two minutes heretofore, to- night he might be 'Banquo's ghost, and she one of 'Macbeth's' guests, for all she seems to see him. His memory serves him up various sneering and savage quotations on the theme of souvent femme varie. He is so little con- genial to his neighbor at dinner that she expresses the most unfavorable sentiments regarding him in the drawing-room later on, causing Dolly to halt between the desire to defend him hotly, and a sense of pleasure that some one beside herself has suffered from his coldness. Mrs. Dalton makes a pretext for calling Dolly aside. 'Excellent, my love!' she cries, in high good humor, pressing the girl's arm. 'He is enraged beyond measure. He scarcely took his eyes off you. Go on and prosper!' Thus stimulated, Dolly goes on, and pros- pers exceedingly. When Mr. Lascelles and Dick approach simultaneously she devotes her whole attention to the latter, and has scarcely a word for the former, who presently retires in tragic dudgeon, and leans against the wall looking like 'Hamlet,' Lord Byron, or any other blighted being in the sulks. In reality Dick is the person most to be pitied, although his face is alight with smiles and his heart aglow with anticipations of possessing a lovely woman, and satisfying the debtors who, metaphorically speaking, take him by the throat, crying, 'Pay me what thou owest!' Innocent creature that he is, he suspects no treachery, nor dreams that that milk-white bosom palpitates for the 'infernal young prig' over the way. Dolly will play billiards and lawn- tennis with him on the morrow; in the afternoon they are to ride together, and as he sits smoking, after the ladies have retired, he reflects on the most approved method of asking a certain question. Up to this moment Clement Lascelles has not seen any necessity for putting his fate to the touch, because he had been absolutely certain of winning; but now that for the first time he has a rival, a rival who is progressing by leaps and bounds in his lady's favor, he sees that something must be done. He cannot have been befooled. She loves him or —or he, the adept at reading the secrets of souls, must for once have been deluded. Perish the thought! With gloomy brow and stately step he re- tires from the smoking-room and seeks the solitude of his chamber, but not his couch. The dawn has long broken ere he courts re- pose. 'Marian!' cries Dolly, a few hours later, bursting into her friend's room whilst that lady—no early riser at the best of times—still nestles among her pillows, 'read this!' and she seats herself on the bed in a state of great excitement, while Mrs. Dalton languidly peruses the letter thrust into her hands. 'I call it a great impertinence,' she remarks, returning to Dolly. 'Impertinence!' with wide-open eyes. 'Certainly,' and Mrs. Dalton, taking it back, quotes from it: ' 'Though I cannot pretend to offer you the one great passion of a life—sad passages beyond the ken of other mortals have tarni- shed the pure luster which once surrounded my soul as with a halo—yet, if you will take a heart weary with the sorrows of the ages, dimmed by the darkling doubts with which an intimate knowledge of humanity clouds the spirit, take me to your tender breast and let me find shelter there from life's griefs and disappointments. What recompense a heart blighted as mine has been can bestow I will strive to make to your angelic sympathy and goodness.' ' 'Is it not beautiful?' cries Dolly, in an ecstasy. 'I wonder what he means? I sup- pose some horrid woman threw him over once?' 'I think it is exceedingly impertinent, and I hope you will resent it.' 'Resent it!' almost shrieks Dolly. 'Why, it is a declaration!' 'Get me my blotting-book off the table,' commands Mrs. Dalton resolutely. 'Now,' she says, beginning to write, 'you will answer it in this way or I wash my house of you, and to-morrow he will have reduced you to abject misery again.' She writes hurriedly for a few minutes, an then, with heightened color, reads the draft aloud: Dear Mr. Lascelles—I have received your melancholy letter, and am truly sorry for all you seem to have suffered. But, for my part, I look upon the world as a very pleasant place, and have made up my mind to enjoy myself as much as possible; so, as I could not console you, and you, with the ideas you express, would make me miserable, I think you had much better look for some- body whose temperament is more like your 0wn. I suppose you mean me to understand that you have been much more in love with someone else than you are with me, which, to say the least, is not very flattering. No! I must have an undivided heart, or none at all. Your sincere friend. D. S. There is a desperate fight between Mrs. Dalton and Dolly before the latter can be persuaded to copy and forward what she considers a heartless and flippant missive. In the end Marian triumphs. Mr. Lascelles does not appear at breakfast, and Dolly, though her soul quakes within her, laughs and talks to Dick. Later in the morning, when they are play- ing lawn tennis, Clement Lascelles, feeling much smaller than he had ever done in his life, seeks counsel from Mrs. Dalton. With an angelic smile she alternately bricks him with daggers and makes him gulp down bowls of poison; but she does him an ex- cellent turn by taking a good deal of non- sense out of him. He confesses that he adores Dolly. How, Oh how, is he to win her? Has he the ghost of a chance? Mrs. Dalton, looking solemn, declares her inability to reply to this. She hints at Dolly's youth and love of amusement. She hints, too, at Dick's unflagging good spirits and temper. And the upshot of it is that when Dick returns crestfallen, from his afternoon ride with Dolly, having spoken and received his answer, Clement Lascelles carries off the young lady to her boudoir on pretence of wanting to be shown something, and, replac- ing the melancholy of 'Hamlet' by the con- quering airs of young 'Lovelace,' takes her in his arms, swears he has been a fool, and has never really loved any one but her sweet self, and that if she accepts him her shall be one round of pleasure. Twenty minutes later, Dolly has passed on all his embraces and more to Marian. 'How clever you are,darling!' she says admiringly. To which Mrs. Dalton replies, 'Now you know how to manage him make good use of your knowledge.' —London World. 