THE STORY-TELLER. AUNT DORA'S STORY. Miss DORA THORBECK. was knitting in her own cosy room in her brother's superb house in New York, when there wasn rush of rustling skirts across the hall, a quick sobbing, gasping cry, and Hattic, Aunt Dora's pet and darling of all her brother's children, ran into her own room. Down went Aunt Dora's knitting, and two minutes later she was in Hattie's room. Her pretty niece was seated on a table, hastily writing a note, her face flushed, her eyes full of angryjtears,|her fingers trembling. " Darling," her auut cried, " what troubles you ?" " Wait a minute, auntie, until I finish my note and I will tell you. There," dashing down her signature. " I hope Charley Ansley will enjoy that. I will never see him again. Never." "Why?" "He has deceived me. He pretends to love me, aud is carrying on a flirtation with Miss Chester all the time." " Are you sure of that ?" Hattie hesitated. Was she sure ? Appeal* ances were against Charlie, but-;— " Don't send your note quite yet," Aunt Dora said, gently. " Let me tell you a little story of my own life—the story, Hattie, of a too hasty decision." Hattie's tears were hastily dried. She was^but eighteen, and still child enough to delight in a story, especially a true one, as this promised to be. Aunt Dora told her story to her niece, Hattie Thorbeck, who was in danger of having a fatal quarrel with her lover, by reason of judging him hastily and unfairly. . "It happened more than twenty jears ago," Aunt Dora said, " when your father and mother were in Europe on their wedding tour, aud 1 was a girl of nineteen, just out of school. My father was very fond of me, and very iudulgent, and when I proposed that we should shut up our houss for *he summer and take a long holiday trip he at once agreed. He had retired from business on account of ill health, and I thiuk enjoyed the prospect of several weeks of summer idleness aud travel as much as I did myself. Our first stopping place was Cape May, and we fouud so many friends there that we liugered ou week after week, well conteuted. I was more than contented, for I had been introduced there to Henry Soiners, the only man I ever loved. He was in no way a remarkable man, Hattie—no hero of romance or modern knight ; but he had a gentle, caressing manner, a soft, winning voice, and eyes of deep brown that seemed to me to mirror a true, loving heart. Every day my love grew stronger, and yet I was not giving it unsought. We, Henry and I, had been walking on the porch one morning, when a fine drizzling rain prevented walking outside, and more plainly than ever before he had shown me liis heart, winning from iue words that a few hours later I would have given all I possessed to recall. I am sure, had we not been interrupted, lie would have made me a formal proposal, but a party from the parlour came out to the porch, and I ran away, my heart full of happiness, my face burning with blushes. It was my last hour of such full, perfect joy, Hattie—the end of my love dreams. The porch upon the second floor of the hotel axtended across the door. Henry Somers was standing on the lower step of the broad flight leading to the door, and as the stage drove up two boys, little fellows of three or four years old. gave a great, joyful, cry of " Papa" ! Papa !" and rushed at him as soon as the dooc was opened. A Uttle figure in a waterproof cloak and hood followed, and £ heard his astonished voice saying— "Helen, why did you not let me know you were coming ?" I heard no more. Faint, dizzy, and bewildered, I threw myself back .in my chair, stunned by the revelation. A married man— a father—and he had dared to make love to 'me—to win my love. Pride came to aid me, and I rang the bell and sent a waiter to find iny father. There was no trace of agitation left by the time my dear father was found and came to my room. I was ready with my story then, and asked him if he was not tired of Cape May. After some consultation, we decided to take a trip to Niagara, and then arrange further movements. I made packing my excuse for keeping my, room until the evening train time, wlieu we left Cape May. But I did glance at the hotel register as we passed through the office ou our way to the carriage. Amongst the arrivals for the day was " Mrs. H. Somers, two children and nurse." Hattie, it is twenty long years ago, and I am an old maid, devoted to my brother's children. Had I but consulted my father, but given my lover another interview. I might to-day be a happy wife in a home of my own. I think my father suspected that something was wrong with me ; but we had not tlic.» arrived at the state of confidence and love that afterwards existed between ns. But in'my pain, in the dull misery that followed my first iudignatim, I to iglit and found comfort in my father's lover With my eyes opened by my own suffering, I saw that my father often concealed from me that he was ill, and the reason for his giving up his business greater than I, in my girlish carelessness, had realised. Often in our travelling we had to stop upon the route in small countiy hotels, because my father was suffering too much to endure the motion of the cars. At first he bid from me all that be could of his illness ; but when he saw that he only made me more anxious he allowed me to nurse him, to be with him at all times ; and very soon became dependent upon my care. I can never be too grateful for the fact that iu the three years that followed that summer I was really the one comfort of my dear father's life, and it was the knowledge thatl might become so, that saved me from siuking into a state of despairing misery that I was first convinced of my lover's treachery. I had given him the first pure love of my heart, and I was not one who could change. More than once, since that time, I have won love, though I can honestly say without any coquetry of my own; but I have never been able to feel again the devotion and tenderness I gave to Henry Somers. For three years, as I have said, I devoted my life to my father. By the advice of his physicians we weut abroad, travelling slowly through Europe, visiting all the principal cities, wintering In Spain or Italy, and spending the summers in. Scotland or Norway. Your father and .mother ' had returned to America, and it was to their home that we came at last, when we knew that there would soon be a fatal termination to the long, lingering, illness my father had borne so patiently. - All this time, Hattie, I had never once heard of Henry Somers, nor did I meet him or any one who knew him for many years later. I was in Baltimore, visiting an old friend, some years after my father's death, when one morning, in looking over some photographs in .her posession, I found one that for a moment made me dizzy with the rush of memory it awakened. It was a large photograph of two gentlemen standing in easy attitudes, with the same face and figure. " This is one of those double photographs," I said, "is it not? The same person taken in two positions 011 one plate." Mrs. Hunt, my friend, took the card from my hand. t " Oh, no," she said, " that is my husband's partner and his twin brother." "Ithought your husband's partner was Mr. Browne?" " It is mow, Horace Somers died—oh, ten years ago, at least. Poor fellow! he was killed in a steamboat explosion, and left a widow and two children—beautiful boys. X was with Mrs Somers at the time the news came, and I could not leave her, She clung to me, and depended upon me for everything. Her husband's brother—this one," pointing to the photograph, " was in California at the time Horace died—hail been there for several years—and Helen, Horace's wife, had never seen him. He was sent for to take charge of his brother's affairs, and I consented to remain with Helen until he came. She was such a helpless, childlike little thing, it was a positive cruelty to leave her alone. But I shall neve.' forget the scene when Henry arrived. We were all in Helen's sitting-room, when I heard her give a terrible cry, and looked up as she fell on the floor in a dead faint. Standing in the doorway was her husband's brother, or, as it seemed in the first startled moment, liis ghost, and the children clinging to him and shouting * Papa' in perfect ecstacy. And, my dear, those boys could not be persuaded to call him anything else. Poor Helen, after the tirst startling surprise was over, remembered perfectly having beard Horace tell of the resemblance that had often puzzled even their parents, and in time I think it was a comfort to her, but the boys could not be coaxed to say uncle, or convinced that their father liad not returned. Aud Henry Soiners did not seem to mind it when they insisted upon calling him 'Papa' for a long time. He was the kindest of brothers to Helen and very fond of his little nephews, but she was not long a widow, and her second husband lives in New York, so I have not heard of ner for years." " And Henry Somers I asked. 4 ' What becomes of him ? " "He lives here in Baltimore. Staying here, at first to be with Helen, aud take charge of his brother s affairs, he found a business opening, and settled here," " Is he married ?" I asked. " Oh, yes, though he Mas a long time a bachelor, I thought, a year or two after he came here, that he had had some disappointment, he was so averse to ladies' society, and seemed as if hen^ld be an old bachelor. But about twofpars ago he married a lovely girl. I must introduce you to her." " And so|sH»ttie, I learned, too late, how my impulsive anger at appearances had wronged my lover, and destroyed my own happiness. One more interview with Henry Soiners would probably have led to an introduction to his brother's widow and children, and I should not have led a lonely life, and carried fay years in my heart a bitter sense of injury." A warm kiss fell upon Aunt Dora's lips, to express Hattie's sympathy, and then the angry note upon the table was torn to tiuy bits, and thrown into the waste paper basset in silence. 