LIFE OLT THUEE OCEANS. (BY KB.) If the contineuts differed from each other no more than the waters that separate them, it would go hard with uninspired "globe trotter." Under those circumstances, indeed, it i reasonable to doubt whether they would globe-trot at all. Some such idea or supreme monotony must have haunted the braiu of Mr. Stevenson, the popular novelist, who tells us that he once awoke screaming because he was set to swallow the world. Yet a world of that kind would be about a easy to digest one way as another. MVJSltSlTT, DIVINITY AN'D DIFFERENCE. Our saltbusb plain arc the nearest de generacy towards oceanic sameness that eveu this squat continent has attained; albeit we are familiar with the sight of Cabinot Miuisters, members of Parliament and ubiquitous journalists "doing" back country tank and wafting sad refraius to the metropolis because there by the "dry lakes" of the Far West there were no willow to hang their harps upou. The truth is, that in this best of ail possible world we have — excepting, perhaps, dull people — uothiug tbat is or can by any means become utterly inouotououi. As a subject of contemplation, viewed so to 6peak from the outside, the ocean barely escape the epithet. But by the tiuie one baa spanned the world he fiuds that there is diversity, airiuity and difference even there, and, what is still more to the point, that the characteristics of life on the oceau, social, visible and, spiritual, arc like those on the land — varied, fixed and local. You caunot take a mail steamship from London to Sydney, one of the Union Compauy's boats from Sydney to San Francisco aud a Cunarder across the Atlantic without bringing home with you mental impressions of oacli »eu trip as distinct and various as if you had strolled through the Domain iuto Macquarle-strcet, thence to the Circular Quay, aud subsequently jotted down the leading features of each locality. TUB LAST EVOLUTION. The little iloatiug township that slips its moorings at Tiloury and drift through fog aud sleet and blasts of cold wind, leaving them as Jink iu the chain that biuds it\to old England, anu emerges at Jcngth into the pure sunshine of the south-world is essentially different from the community that steam out of Sydney Har bor uudcrthe auspice of the Messrs. Spreckles and crowds the deck iu about three weeks to see the Goldon Gates of California opened wide for its admission. And the contrast is not less striking between these good people and tbe folks you are destined to encounter ou the At lantic. It amounts to this : Another point has been reached in the evolution of nations. Just as the American is the combined product of Europe, Asia and Africa, isolated and acted upou by local influences, as tbe Australian is in a sense tuu same, so a race ot xuaiau- Oceanics, Pacificers and Atlanticers are evolv ing out of the scattered fragments of all natious. Let the author of the next geography take note on't. The waters have their peoples as well as the lands, and if these Iloatiug popu lations have not been actually contorted into physical peculiarities co-existent with geogra phical bounds each has, at least, very strongly marked social characteristic of its own. OCEAN MILESTONES. But tbe monotony of ocean fife is relieved by something else than its varying social aspects. It must have been a matter of frequent obser vation that during weeka spent al sea, in the abence of every tangible form of .landscape, the mind becomes susceptible to influences more subtle than ordiuariiy affect it. As in the cate of the blind, whose sense of hearing or feeling is often quickened, so with the traveller on the "lonely deep;" be looks out upon the waters, now blue, now grey, now deep purple, tinged with gold, and be thinks of the city, inajbe of the home, ha has left behind ; he dreams of the port and the friends to which he is hastening; aud as there is a blank betweeu . them he bring the distuut shores together, and, like a woman who ciutche3 the corner of a scanty shawl and tightens it across her breast, so in a spiritual sense the royuget draw the ends of the earth across the bosom oi tho deep. In this way, wneu we summon our recollections of the three great oceans, we do not regard tbem quite in the light of trackless waste. Indeed, the mental picture that such memories unfold are very real — of their kiud not unlike the association that gather round familiar roads on shore. Each has its starting-point aud each its goal. There is a place where regrets for friend left behind brigbteu into anticipation of those we are about to embrace, where the city upon which we have turned our back begins to straggle iu our miuds, houses, churches, halls, hop, gardens dropping out, until wulouugeover the ship's bow instead of her stern aud begin to pick up old scene on the op- j posite shore and amuse ourselves by crowning them with light clouds beueuth a tropical sua. There are the distuut lauds to the east aud the weBt. We levy tribute upou them all, and they impart a flavor and a plcasiug seuse of locality to cur trip. There are dark pasiage where the gun alvray? seem to hide its face, and there are other where all is so peaceful and still tbat, like the lotus-eater, we might at length have gained a region where 44 it alvraya seemed after noon." Yes, to the man who traveraca them often, eveu the oceuu hare their milestones. J And, by way of coutrast, we recall with thought of the Atlantic black blasts from the | north-cast that sweep round the summits of | the wave like storm round mountain tops. The lazy roll of the Indian Ocean is not with- ' out it charm— an air of oily swagger und of luxuriaut repose that is half poetic aud very soiimuou. The Pacific is always gay. We have special reason for thinking well of the Pacific. Its history is our own. Let us ex tend to it a sentiment of pecular friendship. Let us cherish it commerce aud be jealous of it fair fame. I'AUEWKLL, .A LON« FAREWELL! The 44 good-byes " that are choked out at Til- burr aud waved again tbruugh the gloom as the ehip drops down the dark rivor are, I am certain, the paddest good-byes of all. It's not tbat one miuds for himself so much. But the least weakly of mortals would hardly try to play the Stoic when men and women were weep ing around bim as if the vessel were bound, 44 via ports," for eternity. The last beii has rung ; there is a rush for tbe tender ; and now two groups of eager, tearful faces gaze hun grily at one another. An Evangelical clergy man. with a church in the East End has come to bid a young lady good-bye. A party of friend accompany bim. She has evidently been a Sunday-school worker, and they are grieved to lose her. Like Elaine's brothers, they might, in thought at least, Ilrtve JcLi-fi'l her quiet brows and. ssyiag to her, 44 fci-ter. farewell for ever," and again, " Farewell, sweet tiUter," juried all iu tears. But some good people will tear passion to Uredi. They seem to find a specie of delight hi raking amongst the live coals of sorrow in their own breasts untjl they have seared everyone else with sparks. The Sunday school party aro all prvers aud tears. At length, over the side of tbe tender, they siug a hymn and that gives a new rush to tbeir feelings. A scene like this is cruel. To say that at the time one ie touched with sympaihy would be inade quate ; he is rather knocked down aud fairly stunued. At his leisure, however, he will speculate on the touching incident and per haps come to the conclusion that, after all, wailowiug in sorrow is preferable to walking through it on stilt. Others weep silently. AU are oppressed. Then the tender swings away in the whirl of the tide. They cheer famtl.'. . She cant over almost to the water' edge with tbe weight — of grief, perhaps. Thero iu a flatter of handkerchiefs, a flutter of heuri in reply, the anchor is up and the great ship mores off a 1 mile or two down tbe stream, to wait for the next morning's lido. She would not hang about that ianding-stagc for anything. The air in too heavy jut there. Even steamships must draw a loug breath aud, a it were, pull them- selves together for t'ue journcr. Iu the steerage tbat night you will see sadness iu threadbare clothes regaling itself with Moody and Sankey amougU barrels of salted pork. Iu the saloon the passenger are just a homesick, only their feeling are pent up by high collars and choked dowu with tricasses and Italian ices. Iu the breeze of the channel things freshen nn. But Ine distance to that far-off laud, the habitual irony of fate, and the uncer tainty of life itself are more or less expressed in every counteuance. It is a sad day in one's life wheu he starts out for Aus tralia. But during my recent visit to England I hare met more thau one who has said that it was the worst day's work he ever did to leave it. Aud I had no reason for doubling their word. , " VERT ENGLISH." Your shipmates arc 44 very English." For the most part they are unused to life at sea, aud, a in the voyage upon which we have all em barked, everybody does not act quite as he would if he had the trip to make again. Here and there you spot a returning colonist. Stand to the leeward of hi conversation, and the sea- breeze will come to you Beasoned with words such as "damper," "'poeauin/' "gum-tree," ; "sheep" and "price par foot." Jolly old cronies they are — so many Pickwicks in their way— and you must be 44 as miserable as a bandicoot" if you don't see fun sticking out of them. But, generally speakiug, the company ou au Eugiith mail ste.uuer outward bound will, like a bottle of physic, require " well nhakiug" before it is fit to swallow. You begin with a few days of dolor. About a week of iueffable stiffness ensue. Meanwhile, you have beeu In t'ue Buy of Biscay, aud 44 dear Sir Charles" and 44 my lady" have condescended to be seasick in public. As an act of grace it i efiicauiou. Everybody olu hastens to be sea sick. Aud thus far reconciled, we all jet about finding other people's names aud busiucs out. some are iu search of health — consumptives who should have beetf sent abroad years before aud who go now most probably to die soon after finding a climate in which it is really a pleasure to live. There i a time when aun- shiue only melts tho golden grains that still remain at tbe bottom of life' crucible. Others arc merely on pleasure bent; but niae-teutus of our passenger are immigrants, professional men who have been "starved out" at home, commercial men with their families repre senting English houses of business, specu lator iu search of broader chauuels and more generous " returns," young men with nothing but their braios, a ten-pound- note and a parting blessing — or perhaps a parting kick, feilow cutting tho painter for all faorts of reasons— some because they have married wives, others because tbey have not ; some for love, others for fear ; some because they have saved money, other because they have lost it ; one here goiug to the islands to teach the native to follow Christ aud hate the Gcrmaus, one there goiug to a university to teach mathematics, an artist, an actress, a journalist, a "blue-stocking" and u 44 black leg "—folk goiug to make money by their brain or their wit, tbeir tuuacles, their good look or, perhaps, their good manners, but all going to make money. People who have kept their carriage and pair in the steerage, also excellent musicians und first-rate linguists, rich men's sous, poor rncu's daughters, some fleeing misery, other shame, all wondering how the wheel of fortune will turn in the new world if not in the uoxt — these are the kind of people you meet on an English mail boat bound for Australia A DUKE IN DISGUISE. They are a peculiar people. They will bet on 44 the run" every day, and crowd tbe saloon to Buffocatiou during service on Suuday. The clergyman who read prayers on the occasion of my first voyage did so with a mariner' compass before him. He pulled it out of- his pocket and pat it down on the reading-desk much as I have seen old- fashioned preachers produce huge watches. Only tho intention was different, and I question whether the clergy mau. who being at sea and not kuowing but that the vessel' course might at any time be altered, hs more auxious to 44 head rouud to the east," at Point Apostles' Creed, is as deserving of tho sympathy of hia congregation as the plain man who, caring little about the compass, i above all thine bent on saving soul aud "timing" his sermon. There is too much drinking. Up to midnight tbe bar is going as hard as the engine. Then, in spite of occasional concerts and reaiiy first-rate athletic sport, in which all take part, there is more tirnu speut in knowing who not to know than in making friends. Hence we have moro cliques than cabins on board our ship. At Adelaide, when tbe company' tender comes alongside, and passengers are already swarming down the gangway, the rumor gets abroad that we have not only carried a knight aud bis lady out to Australia but a five lord or a duke. What a flutter in tbe dovecot 1 Who could he be ? Had any one beeu wicked enough to suub him in mis take for any ordinary man? A duke in dis guise ! Perhaps a friend of tho Prince of Wale and Lord Carrington ! Preposterous ! And to think that he had not been diacovered before 1 Suspicion fall on a harmless little mau, of whom no notice ha hitherto beeu taken. Can ho be the peer ? He has swarms of friends in a moment ; and those who wouldn't have asked him to joiu in a hiuid of whist the day before are ready to shoulder his baggage for bim now. And then the whole thiug turned out a hoax. Indian Oceanic ! ON THE PACIFIC. The voyage from Sydney to San Francisco is accomplished uuder very different social con ditions Your passenger are not emigrants. Tbat is, they are not a a rulo people leaving their native land iu search of a better, and more or less uncertain of 'finding one. The steerage passengers arc at least a splendid examples of good living a tho folks in tu saloon ; and a multiplication of cinssc being antagonistic to the spirit of tbe two Great Democracies there is no " intermediate." If thero aro few fat people on board, there are no hungry- ones. There is nothing about this little community to suggest that it has beeu "starved out" of a country. Tne day on which you embark is a sure to b bright and suuuy a the day you left Tilbury- might have been forecast 44 a drencher." The harbor never looked gayer or it surroundings more fairy-like. Highly -polished yachts dart to and fro like fireflies, strains of music float on the breeze, fight cloud dance overhead, light heart below, and the solemn -old fort looks on and blinks in tbe sunshine. Troops of friends are at hand to bid you a ss».fe return. There aro tlowerrf'for your cabin, a horgishoo of white flower aud maidau-aairi— emblematic of the douor's kind wishes. There is a flavor of good cigar iu the air, und champagne corks are flying about. Then the "Blue Peter" comes down, you hear a blast from tbe signal gnn, aud the Stars andStripes float gracefully asteru as the Mariposa taking leave of Sydney re- crosses its watery threshold. They say that when Sir Hercules Robinson was passing down tbe harbor, on the expiration of hia vice- regalty in New South Walcq he stood with bis face to the city and refused to turn hi back upon it as long as it remained in sight. .'There was nothing exceptional in tbat. As we steamed through the ileau.1 we asked ourselves if it were possible that we should see anything quite as beautiful untH our trip round the world brought us once moie to toe waters of Port Jackson. And I don't think we did. A YOUNG OCBAN RACE. Now, theiMariposa is a luxurious ship with a fine saloon and deck cabin. Thus, although every berth is occupied, she is not un comfortably crowded. That, however, may be more the result of the quality than the quantity of tb human freight, for who has not sometimes fallen foul of single individuals whom the largest hip afloat will not contain ? But these children oi the Pacific at# not of that kind. An ocean race, it is composed of three national elements, each of which contributes its share to a mutually beu'riicial combination. We have first of ail the Englishman who ha travelled, and by contact with the world had the sharp corner that protruded ou the voyage from home knocked off his manner. We have the born Australian aud the " imported article" who by time aud circumstance has learned to call himself a colonist and to be proud of the name. The distinguishing charac teristic of the Englishman may be reserve — that cool condition which iuvites the criticism of the worid without deigning a reply. Tbe leading trait of Young Australia is self- assertion. He is paiufully conscious of hi youtn and immaturity. A Joseph amongst the nations, aud hi big brothers for ever bullying hiin and making gamo of hi loug coat of sunny color 1 Rather too bad, but he is capable of defending himself, and indeed the sense of being everlastingly chal lenged puis him on his mettle. And then there are the Auicricaus, who have beeu living in Australia, or, perhaps, merely travelling there, and are now returning to their own country. Everybody knows what the characteristics of American are. Afloat on the Pacific, there fore, we have a wcll-balauced community. 4- Respectability " iusisted upon by the English man, freedom inspired by the Yankee and a glamor of jovial friendship sued over all by the colonist "out for an airing" after year of toil. aul- DLJANTS, There u not a cfiquo on board the ship— that is, not after touching at Auckland, where we turned out upon toe natural beauties of New Zealand a small coterie of tourists who had threatened to make themselves vastly unpleasant. The coterie comprised a certain Lady F , her superci lious daughter of uncertaiu age, and an elderly half-pay officer who had been gallautiug them through the Australias. Lady F— had not succeeded in "palming" tho daughter off duriug her tours, and this she took very ill from rich Australian squatters without birth or title. They wore the proverbial wet blaukct, and it was with the utmost relief that every body saw them cast adrift at Auckland. We all understood that thoj purposed com pleting tbeir trip on board the succeodiug steamer, the Zealaudia. By the strongest coin cidence, when travelling in tbe Highland exactly six month afterwards, I purchased a copy of the Scotsmaiif containing, from some unkuown pen, au interesting accouut of the Zealaudia's voyage. Special acteution was paid by the scribe to Lady F and her party. -"In a vessel sailiug uuder the American flag," said the writer, " these exotic plant were at a di- count with their fellow-passengers, but they were a world within themselves. We had one Presbyterian parson ou board who conducted service in the saloon on Sundays. As Prcsby- teriauism is not a religion lit for a gentleman, the coterie was conspicuous by its absence, but scut a deputation to the parson, asking hiin if he could oblige thetnby conducting a Church of England service subsequently. This the good man agreed to do, Ac." A MBERY PARTY. Such elements were, iudecd, incompatible in a company, two-third of whom repre sented 44 triumphant democracy" iu oppo site quarter of the globe ; and it was not without reason that we rejoiced to be rid of tbem. For tbe rest we are a typical group of Pticificors. There is an air. of o'sandm abroad, a community of feeling und a general tendency to fun. Most of us are out for a holiday, and wc grasp the situation. At Dame For tune's picnic party, surely it i due to our hostass that each should do his best to promote the enjoyment of his fellow- guests. There is on the Pacific a better all-round understanding, born of lighter hearts and broader views of life, than you will be apt to fiud everywhere. And so we all part as wo bad met, iu the best of humor— the English M.P. who with hia family has been doing the colonies on a finan cial tour, the two members of onr own House of Lords in Macquarie-strect, the three brothers who after more thau a quarter of a century of successful toil are taking a run on their native heath, the old captain from Melbourne and his versatile son, the squatter and bis ghost the bank manager, the returning American, the globe-trotting Englishman, the youth whom Alma Mater baa just unmuzzled and turned out to bay at tbe moon. Captain Hayward had earned our eternal thanks, Mr. Fergnsssoo, hi stalwart 44 chief," and Mr. Brewster, the very ptak of purser, our pleasantest recollections. Taken for all in all, if only they would not poison us with Yankee cooking, the trip from Sydney to San Francisco is unrivalled in ocean voyages. THE DARK ATLANTIC. After paying $3, rather more than a sovereign in our mon3y, for a cab for yoiiTgelf and your trunks from tbe hotel in Broadway to the wharfs on New York harbor — a littte over a mile— you embark for the Atlantic amidst bales of cotton, drenching rain, American cheeses, bad language and reaping machine. Tbe locality is as gloomy as tho day Long, dismal rows of aail-lofts, chandlers' shops, marine boarding-houses, and low groggerics brick -red nnd dirty yellow line one side of the street, aud, of course, the other is fringed with a forest of masts. 44 All the world and bis wife" are on board. Americans predominate. They are going to London 44 to look at the Queeu," to Paris to buy diamonds, to Switzer land to stare at Mont Blanc and to Germany for the sake of travelling first- class with iudigent princes. "But our best people don't travel." Wbo has not heard Americana, themselves per haps abroad, say so with incredible solemnity. Oliver Wendell Holmes c.au scarcely believe it, and I'm quite sure tbat W. D. Howclls would be. ready to jibbet the first man who repeated it to him in a two-volume novel. It u sheer cant. The host Americans certainly do travel and so do the worst, and that in foreign lands they arc liable to misrepresent their country arises from the fact tbat the poorer and more nnmorons section of the great middle class which there, as everywhere else, is the salt of a nation, io of necessity conspicuous by its absence. On the Atlantic von meet a fair sprinkling of ail kinds — little Jay Goulds just beginning to trumpet their wealth, and, with all the ardour of beginners, 44 blowing" very loud ; farmers from the Pacific Slope, who fought with the scout until they took to growing corn in " God' country," now full of tobacco juice and spicy stories, very "level headed" but no ways "cute" beyond the war rants of good- fellowship, "nice" young men from Philadelphia, 44 boodiers" from New York and professors from Boston. There are Eng lish folks abroad, but a sad minority. Some have been in the States on business, a few on pleasure, whilst other have arrived at the fag- end of tbeir trip round the world ar.d are now only anxious to get home once- more. Generally speuking the trip is too short aud the weather loo bad to pro mote sociability. Of tbe ship's officers only the captain, tbe surgeon and the purser I couie to table in tbe saloou. The rcsponsibili- 1 ties of dashing headlong through walls of fog | often a thousand mile in thickness make j navigation a grim sort of business, and leaves j mighty little time for junketting. All roucan do is to wrap np iu your 'possumskin and dream of the soft breezes and the blue sky of the Pacific a you see around you a degenerate race of ocean travellers possessing no common reminiscences of life in a very young country, caring only to reach their journey' end a quickly as possible, and congregated iu too heterogeneous a mas to be otherwise than self- contained and selfish. 