Lecture on 'Politics.' On Monday cvoning Mr. F. B. Suttor delivered a lecture in the School of Arts Hall on 'Politics.' The Chair was occupied by Alderman Halliday, and there were on the platform besides him Messrs. Ryan, Mullens, Kelk, Williamson, Mugridge, Knights and James. There were about 400 persons present, including a number of ladies, who were accommo dated with seats in the Dress Circle. The Chairmen briefly introduced the lecturer and said that although some present might not agree with his political opinions, he was sure they would listen to him with that respect which was due to a gentleman from a Bathurst audience. Mr. Suttor said it was perhaps due to the audience that he should offer an excuse, or rather justification for appearing before them in the role of a lecturer ; but he had so frequently been called upon (and notably on the occasion of the Rose-Downing debate) that he had promised if they would hear him, to give at some future time an address upon politics. Since that time a respectable depu- tation of townsmen had waited upon him and pressed the matter, and he felt that there was no course open to him but to comply with so many flattering requests. Hence his appearance before them. The subject he had chosen for his address was 'Politics.' and as that was a subject so wide he felt that he was at liberty to deal with anything — from a bridge over the Jordan Creek to the Em peror of China ; but he would simply confine himself to the subject of Protection—' that old effete, worn out creature, Protection.' were the terms used by a certain speaker recently. (Laughter). They were told that it was dead and yet a creature, and he was prepared to accept the term, for he always under stood that a creature had life in it, and perhaps a sting. (Applause). They had been told that Free Traders bad a monopoly of the brainpower in the world ; and if this were so that monopoly was only enjoyed by England and New South Wales, for he had been round the world and found that England and New South Wales were the only places where the policy of Free Trade was carried out. They had often heard fierce attacks upon Protection and those who advocated it, and yet he thought that if the advocates of Free Trade enjoyed such a monopoly of brain power they should be magnanimous enough to admit that those who advo cated Protection were at least disinterested in such advocacy. And if this creature were dead why should its opponents take so much trouble to be always kicking it ? The fact was that these people saw that Protection was growing, and they felt that they must do their best in attacking it. (Applause). They had had Ministers of the Crown stumping the country denouncing Protection and its advocates, and only recently the Premier had been in Bathurst doing the same thing ; but if it was crushed, why should they attack it ? The reason was that they saw that Protection was getting a great hold upon the country (Applause). But was it time that all the men of brains in the world were Free Traders ? There was the great man Mr. Faucett, the late Postmaster-General of England, who must receive credit for honesty — and yet he was a protectionist, as were also the majority of the men who had fought the battles of England in the past. Then there was Bismarck — had be no brains ? (applause). He ventured to say that if his brain was weighed after death it would be found heavier than that of the majority of men who advocated Free Trade. Then there was Cavour, and Washington, and Jackson, and Clay, and Webster and President Lincoln. Would not these men cope with those who held contrary views, similar to those which he now advocated ? They were told that Protection made fortunes for the few at the expense of the many ; but he asked them who made the large fortunes to-day in Free Trade countries ? [A Voice : The Merchants]. Yes, these and the middle men ; and although he did not intend to say one word personally offensive to them or anyone else during his address, he must point out that they made fortunes in Free Trade countries similar to those made by manufacturers in Protectionist countries. During his stay in London he had been put up to a wrinkle or two. Friends had advised him that they could put him in the way of buying goods cheaply if he wished to send them out to Australia, and they furnished him with a letter to the retail houses at which he bought, and in con- sequence of that they knocked off 17 per cent from the price and offered to knock off another 5 per cent for cash. These were the men who cried out that Protection enabled the few to make fortunes to the depression of the many; but it showed what large profits were made in a Free Trade country. In one of his speeches the Premier had spoken of America, and alluded to the huge fortunes made by a few men there ; but the millionaires of America did not make their wealth directly through the country being Pro- tectionist. Many of these men belonged to the oldest families, and had accumulated money by holding on to the land and grasping the unearned increment, as men were doing here. (Applause) This was the case with the Vanderbilts, who in ad dition had dealt largely in railway shares until they came into possession of whole lines of railway, Another rich family was the Astors, who made their wealth in land. Jay Gould also dealt largely in rail way shares ; and none of these men had gained their incomes through Protection, although Protection may have helped them indirectly by making America what she was to-day. Protection might create monopoly, but he contended that equally great monopoly was built up under Free Trade. But while their opponents said that Protection created monopoly they also said that so many manufactories were established that the men were cutting each others throats, and he could not see how the two things could be reconciled. The merchants of this colony could by banding together establish as glaring a monopoly as any that could exist in a Protection ist colony, and he had received a circular showing that the price of woolpacks had in one season by speculators been raised from 2s to 7s 6d— an increase of 250 per cent. He would be satisfied if what he was saying simply led some of his hearers to think upon the subject. He had been attacked because, having been a Free Trader, he had become a Pro tectionist ; but he had nothing to be ashamed of. (Applause.). Because of this he had lost his election, and he had told personal friends that he knew this would be the result ; and he thought his action was courageous rather than cowardly under such circumstances, (Applause). He had often asked men why they were Free Traders, and they had answered they did not know, but supposed it was because Free Trade was the best policy. But he urged those who heard him to thresh out the sub ject for themselves, to think over it seriously, and to change their opinions if they found that they had been wrong, and not hold to the ' damnable in- consistency of consistency for consistency's sake.' (Applause). Speakers on any subject were always glad to have great authorities to quote from, and he was in a position to be able to quote from the very highest authorities on this subject. Some years ago— in 1859— there was a great depression in the colony, and a committee of inquiry was formed in the Assembly to inquire into the condition of the working classes and the condition of the colony generally. He considered that this was one of the most important committees that ever sat in con- nection with the Legislature, and the decisions they arrived at were very good ones, and most just under the circumstances. This committee in their report embodied the evidence of the witnesses taken before them, and stated as follows ; — ' Other witnesses consider that nearly all the social derangement has been produced by the operation of the principles that regulate our trading intercourse with other countries, and argue that the only effectual remedy would be the imposition of protective duties, to foster our infant manufactures, and to sustain a remunerative market for our agriculturists, against foreign competition. In support of these views they point to our perished manufactures of cloth, cordage, nails, pottery and tobacco, and to our far mers unable to obtain for their wheat and potatoes the cost of carriage.' He thought he was justified in saying that the Protectionists present would be content with that report, and would not wish to go further. (Applause). It was open to the Committee simply to hand in their report of the evidence, but they went further and said: 'Your Committee are also of opinion that the connection of cause and effect is in some measure to be traced between the fiscal laws of the colony and the existing social evils and they consider a revision of our entri taxation a matter of necessity. We have the authority of eminent economists in support of raising revenue in a new country by the imposition of duties that would tend to foster manufacturing enterprise and such en- couragement to our own people within well con- sidered limits would not be inconsistent with practical freedom in our commercial intercourse with the world, while no nation affords us an example of its establishment of manufactures without mch encouragement.' The Chairman of that Committee, who signed the report, followed this up by moving the following resolution in the House on May 9th 1860 :— ' That a revision of the existing taxation of the colony is necessary, and that in any such revision revenue should be raised by the imposition of duties that would tend to foster manufacturing enterprise.' (Applause). This, he ventured to say went quite as far as any of the Protectionists present wished to go. ' And now let them see how the Chairman of the Committee backed this up in his speech, which be was sure would meet with the approval of every Protectionist, being simply what they wished for. The Chairman said :— ' The Committee recommended that duties should be im- posed which would have the effect of encouraging the growth of manufactures. He held that a country to be prosperous must rest upon something more than their industry employed in the production of raw products. There was only one base for a prosperous community and that was the threefold base of producing raw material, of manufacturing it, and of trading in it, or, in other words, agriculture, taking that term in its widest sense as including all the products of the soil, and manufactures, and com merce, and notwithstanding his predilections for Free Trade as it was understood in the Mother Country. He would like the staunchest Free Traders to show him where the manufactures of any countries had arisen without the influence of Government. There was no such example in the whole history of the human race; and in passing he might say that the whole doctrine of Free Trade was at least a theory.' . . He considered the effort made in this report to in- duce a favourable consideration for native protection the most important part of the enquiry, and for this reason he had dwelt so much on it.' (Applause). He asked those of them who were Protectionists if their views were not thoroughly in accord with that ; and he asked the Free Traders if the views they enunciated were not diametrically opposed to those held by them ? Yet the gentleman who acted as chairman of that Committee, who signed that report, who moved that resolution, and who made that speech, was Sir Henry Parkes. (Loud applause, and Mr. Jago Smith : ' When was it ?') Well, here was the member for West Macquarie, whose duty it was to inquire into all such matters, and he did not know when it was, (Mr, Smith : I want you to tell me). Well, he would tell him. It was when Sir Henry Parkes was in the full vigour of his manhood— (applause) — when he was just about his own age and the age of his friend Mr. Smith. (Applause). And what Sir Henry Parkes said then with regard to Government assistance being necessary to create manufactures, was as true of this country to-day as it was then. He did not object to Sir Henry Parkes offering his opinion, but what he objected to was that he would not allow other people to have opinions. He was quite justified in altering his opinions, but the speech was as strong a one as the Protectionists could have in support of their cause, — so strong, indeed, that Protectionists would be justified in 'cribbing' from it. The peculiarity of the position was that while the Protectionists were roundly abused for changing their opinions, those on the other side who changed theirs were held up as men of the greatest intellect. Not only the Premier, but several of his colleagues had changed their opinions. Mr. Clarke used to be the head of the hay and corn party, which sought protection for colonial produce. Mr. Abigail at one time said they did not want any Land Tax, but must put on ad valorem duties. They were now pro- nounced Free Traders. He asked them if N. S.W. was prosperous at the present time. (Voices : No no). They had been told by the head of the govern- ment that the deficiency in the Treasury was all right, that it had not been reduced, and government [Continued on page 4.] Lecture on Politics (continued), ♦ took credit to itself (or not having increased it. In round numbers there was a deficit of about £3,000,000, . but then it was atill and there it was likely to be, although when entering office the Government had touted that they were going to set everything itnught irrwery' quick time. But were this Govern ment, who mads 10 much botBt of their Free Trade proclivities really Free Traders ? (Voicks : . No 1) Tike the question of Kerosene. He had asked one oi the large importers of that article lately what the doty upon it was, considering its market value, and he laid it varied from 50 to 76 per cent. Why did not the government knock this duty off? They oould koook off tho advalorem duties of 5 per cent. which no one felt (and ho expected that the con aumera paid as much now for their articles us when the dutiei were aolleoted), yet they kept this duty cf 60 per cent, on Kerosene. The fact was they were not game to take it off. The duty had estab \- lishid an induatry that gave employment to 400 penons. [A voice : Fully 900.] Well, let them ,,: round it up and say 1000. If they knocked that duty off, in two months' timo these people would be out of employment ; yet the imposition of the duty was inconsistent with Free Trade, and it was a ?roil piece of inconsistency for the Government to keep the duty on one minute. He would never go in for advocating a prohibitive duty, but wonldonly (jive fair encoaragament to native productions, allowing the producers a., choice . of getting the articles they use from other nations. Then there Here the duties on bacon, butter and cheese— this Free Trade Government had put them on ; bacon selling at 4d. per lb. having a duty of 2d., cheeBe selling at 2d. having a duty of 2d , and butter a duty of Id. per lb. And he asked them if any appre ciable difference in the price of these articles was seen after the imposition of those duties. Yet from this source : the i, Government realized £30,000 per year— sufficient to meet the vote now passed for paying the Members of Parliament. (Laughter). This was greasing the fatted sow. Then they had heard a great deal about fifty railway locomotives being given into the hands of local manufacturers, although it was said the Government could hare purchased them in England at £300 each less. If it were true that the quality o£ the work had been reduced to meet the manufacturers nothing could be more indefensible, and if it were true that each loco motive could be obtained £300 cheaper in England what defence had the Government got. He had seen a letter from Bome Secretary of some Free Trade Association lately who had tried to prove that thil was was not Protection, but th.it tho loco motives had been given.to colonial manufacturers booaute their hands, wanted work: The fact was they could call'such a thing what they like so long »B they did not call it Protection. He asked them which of all the Australian colonios was most favorably Bituated : for becoming a manu facturing colony ? Undoubtedly New South Wales was, for we had all tho natural essentials— coal, iron, lime, ores of all kinds, and everything required to make it a great manufacturing colony. Yet they found very few manufactories, whilo their hands were decreasing year by year, and the other colonies were going ahead of them. But this question of Protection was not restricted to the matter of manu factories. It had a great social aspect. They were frequently asked, 'What are we to do with our boys!' and although the question was frequently flippantly answered by, i' Marry them to our girls,' he failed to lee the joke ; but if that was the right answtr, was it not necessary they should givo them the means of earning something to place in the hands of thiir wivei when married ? Let them take Bathurst for example. Ho would not abuse Bathurst for ho owed everything he had .to it ; but it seemed to him that Bathurst was in a more flourishing ?tate twenty years ago. (Applause.) It was said they must adhere to their Free Trade policy, and , (while hi would be a thorough Free Trador if all the colonies were Free Trade, he oould not see how we could hold our own with our goods taxed in all the ?other colonies, while Hew South Wales, was flooded with their manufactures and products. Wo said to every colony 'Send in all you can, we will take it without ohargiog you,' while the other colonies said to at ' If you send anything here you muat pay duty opon every artiolo'— and all the colonies were Pro tectionists except New South Wales. The day must come when we must collapse under Free Trade un lesa the other colonies become Free Trade also. The other colonies had sought the recent Free Trade Conference beoauae they were afraid that New South Walss was beooming Protectionist, and Victoria knew that her bottom would be knocked out if this came to pass, as she had been living upon ub. The great Victorian Protectionist paper, tho Age, had bun foremost in welcoming Sir Henry Parkes back to power, as they knew he would play into the hands of Victoria. (Applause.) Just reoeutly Mr. Copo land, who they most all admit was a hard hoadod man and ? man of keen common sense, had recently gone into figures shewing the necessity for en couraging the farming industry. He shewed that . then were only 485,641 acres under wheat, oats, potatoes, hey, *c, in this colony, 'and that before we eould supply ourselves with breadstuffs 887,000 aeres must be brought under crop ; yet while we encourage Victoria and other colonies to flood our markets with produce we did , nothing to encourage our own farmers. 1 f we had 'the land in full work there would bo employment for 40,000 more persons than were employed to-day; and he asked it that was not a desirable thing. (Applause). They had been flippantly told that our manufactories were not decreasing ; but the following figures would shew - how the case stood. In 1878 there were 372 persons employed in the colony making agricultural implements, but in 1887 ; there were only * 204— a /decrease of 70. In , tan ' rieriei there were employed in the former year 708 men, but in 1887 only 689— being a decrease of 20. In 1878 there were employed in flour mills 664, but in 1887 only 699— a decrease of 65; while bootmakers shewed a decrease of 100, clothing makers 30, workers in iron, brass and copper 214, and snddlors and harness makers 335. This would be bad enough if the population had remained stationery, hut . the population had increased during the ten yoars, for which these figures were given no less than 65 per cent., and there was no material difference in the machinery in use to account for the decrease. This was a lamentable state of things in a colony which ought to be the leading manufacturing colony of the group. (Appliiuso.) Now let them go to Victoria, and see tho difference. They had thoroughly established manufactures, and he in vited them to go to Melbourne during the holding of the exhibition, and judge for themselves, The first thing to strike the visitor was the enormous number of chimneys in Melbourne, while in Sydney yo« could hardly see one. Some wiitor had taken great credit to this colony lately that two new flour mills had been erected in Sydney, but another writer had since declared that one of them was only being repaired, (Laughter.) Here wo had a deficiency ,of nearly £3,000,000, but in Vic \- toria there was going to be n surplus of £1,100,000 on the year's work (Applause). They equld well afford to hold an exhibition and take the wind . out of our sails over the centenary celebration. Some persons boasted that we had ' overtaken Viotoria, and that our population was now greater than hers ; but in the name of heaven wo ought to be aehamed of ourselves if this wore not the case,' ag we started life 100 years ago, while Viotoria was . not half that age. It bad been said that more . natives wero born here than in Victoria, but as he did not think that either Free Trade or Protection had anything to do with that he would let it pass; (Laughter.) One reason of tho increano of popula tion ben was the enormous expenditure of borrowed money— we had dnwn people hero by artificial sauna. Oar national debt was 11 millions more , than that of Victoria, exoluBive of the last loan. He did not object to borrowing money provided it was ?pent on representative works, but that had not been .done. For many years Viotoria had not spent one penny on immigration, while New South Wales bad spent nearly 600,000 of borrowed money in helping people here. (Applause), Tot somo people elapptd their bandB and said wo were going a-head— ai we were.indead, and paying for it. Then Viotoria bid no coal,- and had established all her manufac tories from coal obtained from ub. But one . great test of tho difftronce in the connection of the two two oolonioB was found in tho position of the labouring olaBsoB. It wai eaid that wages wero not ' M high in Viotoria as in Now South Walos, . . but he did not think there was any difference, and ;,'Mr, Boio had reoontly shewn how rauoli better off wen the working oUbbob there, quoting from two pipers shewing that while there woro many columns in the ft, if. Herald fillod with applications for employment there was not ono column in tho Melbourne Age, while although thoro woro five columns of advortiaements for meolmnioa and laborers in the Jge there was only one column in the Herald. Old not this oonolusively show that laboubin Victoria could find ready employ ment, while hereMt eould nut, and it accouutod for the nuuibire of unemployed walking nliout Sydney streets. (Applause). Then let them go to Queens land, and they found that at the reoe'nt general election an almost unanimous vote was given in favour of Protection, out of the whole House only five Free Traders having been returned, both parties in the Parliament having gone strongly for Protec tion, and the electors having voted for those who went most decidedly in favor of it. (Applause). Goingra-liltlB further they saw that South Australia had reoently adopted a Protectionist policy, and the Bpoeoh at the opening of Parliament stated that the prosperity of the colony was due amongst other things, to the recent alteration in the fiscal polioy, which had given a great stimulus to local industry. Yet he supposed those people had no brains: as if all the brains were centred in New South AValcs. (Applause). Then they could go to New Zealand, where de pression existed, and the Government had gone Btraight for a Protective tariff on the same lines L as Viotoria. The Opposition went over in a body and' supported the Government on the question. Then in that tight little island, .Tasmania, on finding the' colony with a deficit like New South Wales, they had gone for Protection with a 12 J advalorem. duty. ; (Applause). He had thus taken them all round and bad shewn them that every one of the colonies had adopted Protection, and that those who had given it a fair trial', for any time were proving -that it was good. inWc were the only' j«ost-Freo:Trade colony,ileft,.:and he asked them to study the question carefully' and ask themselves how they were to continue to live under a system which allowed other colonies to flood their markets while they had to pay for everything they sent over the border. (Applause). Ho would now take them to Canada, which he had visited, but found the cold' too great to stop long. They had been told re peatedly that tho Canadians were going back to Free Trade, but the fact was that Canada was more Protectionist to-day than she ever was before. Sir John MacDonald, the Premier, in his recent visit to England, speaking with all the force and re sponsibility of his position, said: — 'The balance of advantage has been largely in our favour, indeed, high' as party feeling runs in Canada, even the opposition have ceased to attack the protective polioy, or as both parties have agreed to style it The National Polioy of our - Government. Onr policy is to protect such staple industries as are capable of a practically unlimited expansion and to admit raw material which cannot be produced at home. When we commenced to tax cotton and woollen goods wo were assured tho consumer would be received and driven -out of the country by high prices what has been the result? Our manufacturers of cotton and doth are in a position of increasing prosperity, and to-day, the consumer is able to buy his goods more cheaply thaniwhen Canada -was on a Free Trade basis.' If he (the lecturer) were to speak fora month he could not add one word that would more conclusively prove tho, advantages of Protection in Canada. The Canadian Premier then went on to say that before adopting Protection Canada was inundated, with, goods from the United States, which were sold in Canada at a Io63 in order to keep the Canadian mills closed, the loss being made up to tho sellers by the Manufacturers' Association in the United States..-. The samo policy i, was pursued by Victoria with regard to this colony, and a Victorian manufacturer had told him that he did not care what he sold his goods for here as he made his profits in Victoria and it paid him to lose here in order to keep the market open. Canada adopted Protection in 1878, and the following, figures would shew what, the result had been. The revenue had increased beetween that time and 1886 from £2,600,000 to £6,700,000, or at the rate of 200 per cent in seven years.' The wheat imported from .1868 to 1378 had averaged annually a million sterling, sent out of the colony for food for the people ; but from 1880 to 1886 the annual aver age had deoreased to 33,000, importation having been thus practically dosed. (Applause). In the manufacturing districts from 187S to 1884 the hands employed and the wages paid them increased 75 per cent: the value of products increased 93 per cent; the capital invested increased 75 per cent.; and whilo a few years. ago -there was not a single mill for making cotton or woollen goods, there woro now 1840 mills, the hands in them having in oreased 80 per cent, sinoe 1880. All this went to shew that the colonies which had recently adopted Protection wero far more flourishing than we were, and it shewed also what Free Trade was doing for us. Sir John Macdonald had come back at the election with as strong a majority as ever, and his opponents had admitted that the right polioy was the ' National Polioy.' (Applause.) He had oon vorsed with a Canadian of high education and intellect, and had asked him if it was true that Canada was reverting to Free' Trade. That gentle man had said he was aa staunch a Frco Trader as any man in Canrda but there was not tho ghost of a show of having Free Trade in Canada again. They had been told that Sir John MacDonald was going to be defeated at the last election because of his Protectionist views, but although there was a bitter feeling against him it was not on that account, and enly existed amongst . the French Canadians, on account of his having caused the execution of the loading rebel, Louis Re.il, who had tried to stir up a rebellion amongst his own class, who disfavoured British rule. He- would now step across into the United States of America, concerning which one of tho. greatct literary characters, Matthew Arnold, had written : — ' The political institutions of the United States suggest the imago of a man in a suit of clothes that fit him to perfection, leaving all his movements un impeded and easy ; a suit of clothes loose where it ought to be loose and setting closo where its setting close is an advantage ; a suit of clothes able, more over, to adapt itself naturally to the wearer's growth, and to admit of all enlargements as they succes sively arise.' They would get an idea of the vast ncsB of the people of America whon they ramombered that there was there to-day nearly 60 millions of inhabitants, seven millions of them being coloured people. This meant that there were 31 millions moro people in that country than in Great Britain, the country from which they had come. They had been told that America was in a depressed condition, the poople being unable to get work, nnd tho streets filled with paupers. If this were the case, how was it that evory year 300,000 immigrants went there, the number rang ing from 300,600 to 800,000 every year. And these immigrants had to pay a poll tax, as he had when he wont there. There were 130,000 ? miles of railway in the country, and it was no un common thing to open 10,000 miles . of rail way : evory year. Yet, this .. was ; the country that was being kept back by Protcction,'that was 'progressing in spite of Protection I ' (Laughter). And the growth of towns and cities there was phenomenal. If. they read Carnegai's Triumphant Democraoy they would learn something on this subject. Ho had himself gone to one new place in South California which in 1882 had about 8000 inhabitants— about the same number as Bathurst— but when ho was thore in 1887, five years nftcr, the population had increased to 80,000 — and there was no gold or silver mine, or auy other 'boom' to cause the influx; it was simply the ordinary growth of an ordinary oity in America. In one place iron had been discovered, and although there had not been a stick on the place before, in six months' time there was a largo town, with two hotels superior to any of thoso in Sydney ; and they were talking of putting down tramways, nnd intro ducing the electric light. If Protection had thus kept back the place, what would have been its fate under Free Trade? ' Another indicntlon of. tho mar-; vollous growth of the country wns found in the im portance and size of its industries. In 1870 there wero 407 millions acres under crop, and in 1880 the: acreage under crop had increased! to 837 millions, an increase of over a million acres ; and it was reasonable to suppose that thoro .wore now 600 million acres undor tho plough; . And out of a popu lation of over 60 millions of peoplo between' 17 and, 18 millions were working bees, and about 8 millions' were engaged in agrioulturo ; nnd although they wero. told by Free Traders that the farmers in America wero discontented,; he wan (assured that they were quite contented with their lot, and were convinced of tho superiority of Protection. Tho amount of grain raised in America in ? 1880 was , so great that if it were placod in trucks tho train would go once nnd a half round the civilized world. Yot this was tho country that was progressing in spite of Protection ! (Laughter and applause). Froo Traders had industriously tried to ram down their throats that tho manufactures in America were decaying and that her shipping was decreasing, giviug plnco to foreign shipping. It was a fact tlml a great dcnl of tho exports nnd Im ports of America woro curried in foreign ships, but jt was also a fuot that nftor Great Britain tho tonuago was greater than in any other part of the world, which was a proof that her trade was not falling off, although foreign ships woio omployed in it. And this was accouutod for by the wagoB of the English seamen beinrj bo low, tho AmericauB finding it easier and obcapor to employ other ships than run their own ; and by tho wagoR of thn workmnn nngngod in ship building on the Clyde being so low that America could not com; pete with them. A further reason waa that no man was allowed to hoist the American flag on a foreign built ship, and thoso who bought their ship3 in England simply hoisted the Union Jaek, when they could sail when and where they liked. These were the reasons for so much foreign shipping being in American ports— tho Americans bought them and sailed them under foreign flags. When in Washing ton he had been placed under great obligation by: leading men there, who loaded him with official books, and ho felt proud to belong to a colony his connection with which could secure him so much at tention. From these records he would quote a few figures shewing how great a manufacturing nation America was, In 1878 the value of the foreign carrying trade was £242,000,000, in 1887 it had in creased to 282,000,000, showing most clearly that there was no falling off in trade. They had been told over and over again that America was reverting to 'Free Trade, the statement being reiterated in -England and New South Walos, alllon account of a 'message of President Cleveland's, which those people said advocated a' Free Trade polioy, and which policy they said would come at once, if not sooner. There were many Free Trader in the United States, and he had conversed with one of the keenest; Free Traders in Washington on this subject, asking him if the country was going to become Free Trade. That gentleman answered' Much as we would like to see it, there is not the ghost of a show of it.' But what was the Prcsidonts message, concerning which there had been so much misconception? If there was an undercurrent of Free Trade proclivi ties in the message it certainly was not a Free Trade message, and the President had been grossly, abused when it was said that he was going straight for Free Trade. He advocated a reduction in the tariff, many of the duties in which were prohibitive —and such as they did not want in Now South Wales— and amongst these the duty on wool ; and he would not be at .ill inconsistent as a Protection-, ist if he advocated that that duty should be done away with altogether ; for America could not pro duce enough of the raw material to keep her woollen manufactories going. The duty, was very heavy. Wool that was valued at under Is 3d per lb. had to pay a duty of 5d per lb., and a great deal of the wool would not realize half that sum, while any over that value had to pay a duty of Cd per lb. As proof that there was no attempt to go back to Free Trade in the message he would read a few sentences. President Cleveland wrote :— ' In the readjustment of our tariff the interests of American labour en gaged in manufacture should bo carefully- consid- ered as well as the preservation of our manufactures. It may bo called Protection or by any other name, but relief from the hardships and dangers of our present tariff laws should he devised with special precaution against imperilling the existence of our manufacturing interests.' He also wrote — ' Belief from the conditions we find ourselves in may invoke a slight reduction of the advantages wbioh we award our home productions, but the entire withdrawal of such advantages should not be contemplated. The question of Free Trade is absolutely irrelevant ; and the persistent claim made in certain quarters that all efforts to relieve the people from unjust and unnecessary taxation are schemes of so-called Free Traders ; is mischievous and far removed from any consideration for the publio good.' (Applause). He did not think these people could have read the extracts he had given from the speech. In New South Wales there was a heavy duty on tea, but there was not a fraction of duty on that article in the United- States. Tho principle of American Protection was to tax everything they could produce, but to let everything they conld not produce come in free as the air they breathed. (Applause). From' what Free Traders said they might imagine that evnry article was taxed in America, but the fact was that one-third of the articles that came into America last year were absolutely duty , free. In: America they were now endeavouring to grow sugar, and had imposed a duty of 80 per cent, upon : the imported artiole ; but Mr. Sherman, one of the greatest statesmen on finance,, admitted that: this was an injust duty, pointing out that the taxes should be taken 'off'1 all articles consumed by the poorer classes and put on luxuries. (Applause.) Most people who did not consult authorities told them that England was the greatest manufacturing country in the world, but Carncgai (whoso figures ho had never heard disputed) proved by figures that the greatest manufacturing country in tho world was America, for, although her ex ports did not shew it, she clothed the people within her own borders. The value of manufactures in America in 1880 was no less than £1,112,000,000, while in England it was only £818,000,000 in tho same year. This did not shew that America was deteriorating. In the manufacture of steel, iron, cotton, and all other articles America was on all fours with England. Philadelphia had tho largest locomotivo manufactory in the world, producing two engines complete and ready, for the road. (Applause.) And he was surprised to hear when there that moro carpets were made in and about Philadelphia than the wholo of the United Kingdom. And now he would say a few words shewing the comparison be tween the artizans of America and those of England, for they had been told that the wages were lower in America and that the people could nat live as cheaply as in England. The average weekly wages in England was as follows :— Cotton mills 19s. 4d., woollen mills 26s. 7d., artizan class generally, 31s. In America the average was— cotton mills 24s. Id., woollen mills IBs. 3d., artizan class gcnorally, 50s. in Chicago and Gls. in New York. (Applause,) The average yearly wage in England was £35, while in America it was £78. (Applause.) Twenty years ago the old established firms of thread makers in Scotland (Coatcs nnd Clark) established branch factories in America, and they admitted that they had : expended as much capital upon the branch works as upon the origi nal, and that they paid the operative at the branch works about double what they paid those at the Paisley works. (Applause). He had read as many books as he could upon the costs of living in America, and' the best authorities— Sherman, Carnegai, and others— all agreed that while wages in the United States were so much in excess of those paid in England the cost of living was 10 per cent, cheaper (Applause). And tho oause was easy to find. In England the people had to eat what was grown in America and other places, while those in America grew what they consumed. The only difference was the question of rent, but that was more than compensated for by the lower cost of living ; and if these authorities, were correct, the condition of tho working man in the States was infinitely .better than that of tho working man in England (Applause). Yet they ? wero told America was Bwarming with paupers and the condition of the people was horrible in the extreme. But let them make a contrast' again. In England, out of a population of 36 millions, there was ono million paupers; while in America, notwithstanding the enormous difference in the number of inhabitants, there were only 250,000. When' ho went to England he did not expect to find anyone advocating Protection and was surprised at the wonderfully strong feeling existing in its favour, particularly among the highly educated classes, while all the high class magazines contained articles in its favour. He firmly believed that Protection would eventually coma to England, although it would not bo just yet. At tho time England adopted the Freo Trade polioy she was working two-thirds of manufactures in the world, and if Bho could havo succeeded in making all other nations Free Trado she would havo enjoyed the greatest monopoly possible, as all her works were established. In a speech mads by Cobden in 1844 he said :— ' You have no more right to doubt that the sun will rise to-morrow than you have to doubt that in less than ten years from the time when England inaugurates the glorious ora of commercial freedom every civilised community will be Free Traders to the baok- bone.' But the prediction had not been fulfilled, and evory other nation had become more protective than ever. Austria had raised her i duties in' 1877 and again in 1870; and was there any man living who would say that she waa not flourishing now, and that Vienna was not the finest city in the world? Ruasia 'had also raised- her duties in 1877, 1881,. and since that time. Germany had raised hers in 1879, and when a duty, was placed upon wire tho German customers of an English firm wont to the firm and offeredto buy them out as they were going to establish works iu Germany- Tho firm sold tno plant and 400 men woro thrown out of employment in England, whila work was created in Gormany for a similar number, Franco also had raised her duties in 1882, and Italy, and oven old Spain, and little Grocoo, and Switzer land— thoro not being now a single Froo Trade nation among them, but all wero boooming ranro and more protnotive evory yoar, (Applause). And now ono or two wordd about local politics, Tho present Govonimont went into office with a great llourisli of trumpets, and a groator following than any pruvious Government had evor onjoynd, They were going, in tho words of tho Premier, to extricate the colony from the deplorable state into which it had boon cast, and restore it to a position worthy of its splondid resources and itspooplo. (Laughter and applause). Woll, what have they done. [Voioeb: Nothing; worse than nothing,) They had done absolutely nothing of an important character. They had passed a few Bills which were easy to, pass, not being of. a de bateable nature, or which previouB'Parliaments'hod approved. A Local Government Bill was promised, but had they got it yet ? Not the smell of it I It was proposed to pass a Land Tax Bill, but that should be incorporated in the Local Government Bill, for the proper plan in a country like this was to raise revenue from the Customs, and the Local Government Bill empowering the people to tax the land and expend the money raised in that way upon local works. Then they bad been for months_ die cussing a Land Bill, but it had been dropped like a hot potatoe, and quietly, shelved. ' Nothing had been done with reference to the promised Rabbit 'Pest Bill, the Electoral Act Amending Bill, tho Model Farm Bill, or the Mining Bill ; but the time had been wasted in disoussing ridiculous motions about calling the colony '' Australia ' and the erection of a Dead House. (Laughter.) The time had been wasted ' in ' discussing suoh momentous questions ' as' the' Post Office, Street, the purchase of land atf Circular Quay, and other things; The Government' blamed the Opposition, but if such a strong Government could not keep order they were not worthy of their place. The Speaker had also been blamed for the disorder, but the Government had put him there and were re sponsible. Then an extraordinary method of con ducting business had been adopted. If their sup porterB did not think with them the Government threatened to resign; and they had been treated to' the ridiculous sight of the Premier coming down to the House and Baying that he had been caught in a trap in having agreed to lot the Payment of Members' Bill remain an open question in the Cabinet, one of his Colleagues moving the Bill, and half the members of the Government supporting it, while the other half voted against it. Then the notion of the Government with reference to the Chinese question had been most precipitant and ill advised. They should have sought ' for a Treaty' similar to that which had been entered, into between America and China, whioh .absolutely, prohibited Chinese from going there ?'- for' twenty years, but he believed that their action had bo incensed the China* authorities that Lord Balis bury would have grent difficulty in'making a satis factory treaty with China. The Chinese Bill was not yet law, and although ? tho Conference on the question had assented to a Bill altogether opposed to that which Sir Henry Parkcs had, submitted to ??Parliament, he proposed to push ;his own measure 'through, and take up the Conference Bill in its place when two of the other colonieB had passed it ; whereas ho ought at once to pass the Conference Bill, which was a good nne ; and for suggesting which the delegates from Victoria were deserving of thanks. In conclusion he thanked them for tho patiaiKo with which they had listened to him, and for the intelligent interest they had taken in what he had said. He firmly bolieved that the principles he had advocated wore tho beat fo,r the country, and in adopting them he believed they would bo doing for the colony tho best service possible. On the motion of Mr. Ryan seconded by Mr. Mugbidge, a vote oE ' thanks was passed to Mr, Suttor for his address, and this vote having been suitably acknowledged the audience disporscd. 