Legislative Assembly THUK6DAY, NOVEMBER 22. MISCELLANEOUS. Sir Henry Parkes, in reply to Mr. Day, said the exact area of vineyards attacked by the phylloxera vastatrix had not yet been ascertained, and in the absence of exact measurements the amount of com pensation could riot be ascertained ; the compensation in some cases ? was considered too high. Sir Henry Parkes, in reply to Mr. Garvan, said that this year £80,000 was voted for the unemployed, but the amount expended was £119,446. Sir Henry Parkes, in reply to Mr. Melville, said that a searching inquiry in regard to the Little Bay Hospi tal was now being made. Dr. Maclaurin, the health officer, had already furnished him with some papers, which admitted the rumour that a ghost occasionally appeared. a.t the head.of the. beds of patients, but there was nothing authentic about the matter. The friends of the presumed white leper patient were anxious to get possession of him, but the medical men did not see their way to giving him his liberty. Several other questions were put to and answered by Ministers. .COLONIAL GOVERNORS. The Premier informed the House that he had received a telegram from . the Premier of Queens land congratulating him oh the result of the debate on the address to the Queen in relation to the appoint ment of colonial Governors. After some formal business, the debate was re sumed on the FINANCIAL STATEMENT. Sir. ftarvan contended that the Government had not economised as they said they had, for the expendi ture was greater than' it was under, previous Adminis trations. He had the authority of the Auditor-. General, the highest official authority in the country on the colony's finances, that the expenditure for 1S87 showed a considerable increase over that for 18SG. He had also written inquiring what was the actual deficit or overdraft on the consolidated revenue fund on December 31, 1886, and as to whether it had increased during 1887. The reply was that the actual overdraft or deficit was in the one year £1,546,84S 4s. 8d., and in the other £2,173,871 9s. *8d., or an increase over 1886 of £627,023 6s. The Trea surer had charged to the deficit of his predecessor money spent on the unemployed which should have been charged to his own term of office. Other items which had all accrued on December 31, 1886, had also been charged to the expenditure of 1886, and had in consequence relieved him of the obligations which properly attached to himself. He criticised the manner in which the accounts were made up, and maintained that the Government was deserving of extreme censure for having sacrificed public lands when they were not required for the purposes of settlement. Mr. Lyne contended that the financial statement of the Treasurer was not reliable, and not worth the paper on which it was printed. The Government had absorbed every item of revenue that should have gone to wipe out the deficiency. Both our Auditor General and Mr. Hayter, the Victorian statist, had condemned the manner in which the accounts of the colony were kept The Treasurer estimated that at the end of the year there would be a surplus of £300,000 ; but the accounts sho wed that there would be adefit of £177,000. The Treasurer had done all he pos sibly could to hoodwink the committee, and figures had been manipulated to show a balance v here there was no balance. The Government had broken . their Dledees to the cnnnt.rv in not hrinriner forward a Local Government Bill and' a Land Bill. No Government had. done .such iniquitous things as the present Government in the expenditure of money, the pur chase of land, and the making of appointments. Mr. Tonkin defended the Government in their con duct of the affairs of the country. This country was galloping away from protectionist Victoria. He quoted statistics to show that the wages of workmen in this colony were far in advance of those which obtained in 'victoria. Mr. Ellis thought the Colonial Treasurer was not only to be congratulated on his statement, but the luck he had had in making it. He blamed the Treasurer, however, in allowing himself to be led by the nose by the leader of the Opposition in promising not to go on with a Land Tax Bill until a personal property tax had been passed by the House. He did not see that one was necessarily a corollary to the other. As to the income tax, he should prefer to see a 6 per cent, ad valorem tax. Such a tax he did not regard as protection. Mr. Lee suggested the adjournment of the debate, and, after a feint of opposition on the part of the Government, the debate was adjourned till Wednes day. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. Mr. Wi Clarke moved the second reading of the Payment of Members Bill. Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Joseph Abbott, ;and Mr. W. Henson opposed the measure. The motion for the second reading was carried on a division of 24 to 12. The bill was read a second time and passed through, committee. : The Hunter-street (Newcastle) Extension Bill was, on the motion of Mr. JFletcherj read a second time and passed through committee. The House adjourned at 11.50. Tuesday, November 27.. MISCELLANEOUS. . Sir Henry Parkes, in reply to a question by Mr. Cortis, said he could not say that the Fire Brigades Act had been a failure ; but it certainly had failed to compel the insurance companies to contribute as was intended ; in that respect it required amendment, and the Government was giving its attention to the matter. Several other questions were put to and answered by Ministers. Mr. Wall introduced a bill to amend the law re lating to bills of sale, and it was read a first time. On the motion of Mr. O'Sullivan, the production of papers relating to the discharge of first- class constable Berry was ordered. . On the motion of Mr. W. Clarke, the Payment of Members Bill was read a third time, and forwarded to the Council. , \ On the motion of Mr. Ewirig, a select committee was appointed, to inquire regarding the forfeited selection of John Harrison, in the Lismore district. AGRICULTURE AND MANUFACTURES. ... ; Mr. Copeland moyed' thai, with the, 'view pf encouraging our agricultural and manufacturing pur siuits, customs duties should be levied on ali imported articles which enter into competition with our own in dustries. . H!e thought the present a very oppor tune time for the discussion of such a motion. |We .had had. an extraordinarily bad season, and had to depend upon other colonies and other countries for food for our cattle and bread for ourselves. The farmers had to meet the misfortune of the climate, and were unable to raise sufficient crops, but they ought not .to be ruined by the competition of other countries. We were now paying 30 per cent, more for the manufacture of loco motives than the tender price, and why should not similar aid be extended to farmers in the way he suggested ? The effect of his resolution, if carried, wpuld be to give constant work and wages to our own workmen; and if we got that it mattered little whether they paid a farthing more for their loaf or not. We kept out Chinamen and coolies ; but what was the use of keep ing out cheap labour if we admitted the produce of cheap labour ? Our workingmen had obtained the highest status of any in the world, but free trade would level them down to the standard of Continental coun tries, where men worked for 12 or 14 hours a day for 18s. a week. [Mr. Tonkin: They are countries where they have protection.] It was not protection. These men had received increased wages since they had protection. Capital would hot be invested in this colony in establishing manufactures. ?. Mr. Garruthers believed there was a great deal of selfisluiess on the part of those who advocated protec tion and who were not workmen. Protection was the policy of artificial scarcity by restricting the supplies of the foreigner. Our , policy Bhould be ? to legislate for the majority and to benefit the masses. It was admitted, that the wages of workmen in this colony were higher than they were in any protected country. Manufacturers complained of the wages they had to pay, and they wanted protection as a weapon with which to reduce .« ? l _ __ t . TT _ ? i» ? J J_ _ j_1 ? 3?.l_5 ? their woriunen s pay. ne reierrea 10 ine conuition of the labouring classes in America, and asserted that in many instances the labourer could not obtain a living without the assistance of his -wife and children, and these often worked at most degrading trades. [Sir H. Parkes : That is absolutely true, for I have seen it.] The industries of America were fostered at the expense of the working classes. After referring to Victoria, and contrasting her unfavourably with this colony, he remarked that it was sublimely ridiculous in this time of privation, when we were fighting against climatic influences, to ask people to tax them selves for the sake of encouraging the manufacture of articles which could be produced cheaper in other countries. They had in every country where pro tection existed cheap and downtrodden labour. Mr. Melville supported the resolution. He con tended that the country was suffering from free trade, whilst there was no consistency in our free trade policy. He challenged the Premier, and would resign bis seat in the House if the Premier could name one nation on the face of the globe that became a nation under free trade. He believed the day was not far distant when those who represented protection would be in a majority in that House. Poverty was teaching our people that theLonly policy that could give them em ployment was that of protection. Mr. Tonkin opposed the motion. All markets were ruled by supply and demand. It did not matter what they might do to raise artificially the price of an article ; the very moment tihe supply exceeded the demand, that very moment the price of an article would go down. If we had sufficient wheat in our own market for the supply without importing any, it would not matter what duty was placed upon it, it would not affect the price of the grain. It would affect the con sumer and no one else. The farmers did not require protection. The freight of wheat 6ent from Sydney to Bathurst had been raised to the extent of some thing like 25 per cent., a charge which should operate in the same way as protection, so far as the farmers of Bathurst were concerned, and yet the millers of Bathurst were about to petition Mr. Eddy to reduce the cost of trainage. The experience of Victoria showed the fallacy of the argument that manufactures required protection to stimulate their establishment, after which they would look after themselves. Mr. Slattery supported the motion, and expressed surprise at what he had seen in Victoria as the result of a protectionist policy. The large ironworks at Ballarat fairly startled him. Those works had to im port their material for manufacture, and obtained their coal from Newcastle, yet they employed 300 or 400 men. It was true the Victorian Government encouraged those works by giving them contracts ; but if that policy was good for that colony, would it not be good tor this also f If they could have a system of free trade everywhere, then he would be a free trader ; but when nineteen places out of twenty were protected, it was necessary for the odd one to adopt the same policy. The real fact was that this country was not ruled by the people, but by the merchants and traders. Mr. O'Sullivan supported the motion, and referred to the effect of the growing of sugar in the north of New South Wales and the reduction it had brought about in the price of that commodity. If there had not been a protective duty upon it the people would have been in the hands of the mercantile ring, who could have charged any price they chose. It was owing to the competition in the industry, and the method by which it was fostered, that a fall in the price of sugar had taken place. He next referred to America in support of the principle of protection. He proceeded to defend protectionists from the charge that had been levelled against them, that they libelled this colony and blackened her reputation because her policy was a free-trade one, and said they considered this colony with her resources worth ten Victorias. Mr. Cameron: You always make her second to every other. Mr. O'Sullivan contended not, and reminded the hon. member of what he had said when in Victoria. Mr. Cameron : It is not true. Mr. O'Sullivan 6aid they took the hon. member's denial for what it was worth. . Mr. Cameron : You are a great coward. Mr. Dibbs : Who said so ? Mr. Cameron : I said so. Mr. Dibbs : Well, you are a great liar. Mr. Speaker called on Mr. Cameron to withdraw his remark. Mr. Cameron : I withdraw and apologise. Mr. Haynes called attention to the remark made by Mr. Dibbs. . Mr. Dibbs : Mind your own business. The Speaker called upon Mr. Dibbs to withdraw the disorderly expression used. Mr. Dibbs : I withdraw it. Mr. O'Sullivan continued with his speech, pointing out that the fact that there were 4500 houses to let in the city and suburbs was evidence of the unwisdom of a freetrade policy. Mr. O'Connor moved the adjournment of the debate. After some discussion, the motion was agreed to by 31 to 21. The House rose at five minutes to 1. Wednesday, November 28. miscellaneous. Sir Henry Parkes; in reply to Mr. Farnell, pro mised that steps should be taken to relieve the Black town people in their distress for want of water. Mr. Reid presented a petition containing 64,000 signatures in favour of railway extension into Syd ney. Mr. J. P, Abbott took exception to the petition being received, as it was lithographed, not written. Mr. Reid said that the objection was of the 6ortto come from such a source. Mr. Abbott retorted by saving the hon. member would not dare to make such an impertinent remark outside the House. The Speaker, after calling both gentlemen to order, said he was satisfied the petition was in writing, and it was received. On the motion of Sir Henry Parkes Friday was made an extra sitting day, Government business to take precedence. Mr. Bowes called the Colonial Secretary's attention to some person who was travelling about the country representing that he had been authorised by the Government to collect information for a book to be called 'Men of Mark,' and inducing people to sign the particulars to guarantee authenticity; these people afterwards found they had been asked to sub scribe to two volumes of a book for which they were charged £3 3s. Mr. J. P. Abbott said that letters had also reached him on the subject. Sir Henry Parkes said he had never addressed any letter to any pe:rson connected with such a publica tion, nor had the Government in any way giyen the authority alleged. _ After some formal business, and. a mutual explana tion between Messris. Reid and J. P. Abbott in regard to what took place just now, the House went into Committee of Ways and Means. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The debate was resumed by Mr. O'Sullivan, who found fault with the Government for the manner in which the accounts were presented, and for throwing the responsibility of setting them right on their successors. Mr. Garvan again addressed the committee, and complained that works were charged to loan votes which ought to be charged to the consolidated revenue. Mr. Kelly thought the Treasurer had put forward a flourishing statement in view of floating another loan. But he did not believe in borrowing so much money, for it would bring the colony to ruin. He condemned the Government for giving the locomotive contract to colonial firms, when it meant a considerable increase in the cost. Mr. See said the Colonial Treasurer had only him self to blame for the wide range the debate had taken. This Government had promised us a new state of things, but he asked what improvement was there in our finances. The Treasurer had not carried the property tax, nor the income tax, and in his statement he had altogether ignored the deficit. Comparing the agricultural produce of Victoria with that of this colony, he considered that our backwardness arose from the neglect of our Governments, and, notwith standing what the Colonial Treasurer said, this colony would never flourish under free trade. Mr. W. J. Allen spoke next, followed by Mr. Beaver, Messrs. J. P. Abbott, Waddell, Dalton, and Farnell. About midnight Mr. Dibbs rose, and again attacked the figures of the Colonial Treasurer.: He contended that the statement of the Treasurer was incorrect, and Jie demanded is & constitutional right that the com fcuttee should have a correct statement of ways and means before they voted supply. He moved an amend ment to the effect that the Treasurer's statement of ways and means be referred back, in order that a cor rect statement of the financial position of the colony should be laid before Parliament, as the basis alone upon which supply should be asked for or granted. Mr. Wise raised a point of order that the amend ment could not be moved, not being relevant to the question. The matter was discussed at some length, and finally Mr. Cameron ruled that the amendment could not be put at this stage.; Mr. Dibbs moved that the committee- dissent from the Chairman's ruling, and the question was referred to the Speaker! The matter was again discussed in the House, and, as usual when a late sitting takes place, a scene of dis order took place. Mr. O'Mara accused both the Chairman of Committees and the Speaker of having then1 decision cut' and dried. The hon. mem ber was called upon to ? withdraw the. offensive remarks, which he declined to do, although asked to do so by Sir Henry Parkes and' Mr. Dibbs. The Speaker had no course left but to ' name ' Mr. O'Mara, which he did. Mr. O'Mara subsequently withdrew the expression. The Speaker ruled that the amendment was in order. The House continued sitting until half-past 3 a.m., when an adjournment was made. 