WOKURNA. August 22, 1888. Favorable weather so far for the all important wheat plant. For some time past we had puny showers or Scotch mists, and the land or sand cannot com plain-" were it capable of doing bo"-of a lack of moisture as yet. Nevertheless, a genuine Irish mist or heavy fall would be appreciated as' a reserve supply of moisture for the wheat plant testers, September and October. The crops are fairly promising, though in some places are rather bachward owing to lateness in tilling and inferiority of land. Some morbid cariosity was created by the onrequested introduction of the Ghoul Goblin or Ghost by your inventive and facetious Baranga correspondent Search parties hare failed to discover its-not certain of the gender - whereabouts. Tour correspondent said it was dancing about the road with two lights, occasion ally disappearing. The unanimous opinion is that the hobgoblin in question was nothing more than the blazing lights on some vehicle slowly progressing'over our renowned sandhills, or probably it was the Ghost of the Barunga Braves luck which returned to them last Saturday evening on their oval. Bat alluding to the Braves pats Hobgoblins in the dark, where they .ought to be. Well, the Braves received a crashing defeat at Snowtown on the 11th August, and strange the date of the match, corresponds with the Braves' score. Tardiff for Snowtown somehow managed to compile 138 and; woutd'nt go' out. So be was left at the wickets. But the graves on the 18th instant by dint of hard strug gling and good lock eclipsed the score of the Boundaries by 9 runs. There waB great excitement ere the winning hit was made and the pheers of the Braves' sup porters aecompamed with the dispordant pborps of numerous idling dogs on the field were «i«nply interesting,; The Baranga school, which was closed for some time, and which graces = the Braves' aval, vras opened daring. the, month'. ' Miss Busn is in Charge and is giving every satisfaction. A school of mines tor the colony. A case of small pox in Launceston. .; THE annual rifle matches began on/Taes day. Battauoit drill at Moontaon Saturday next. . ?' '--x -.«» EKPOBT from Mi- Patton on Blook 14 thia week., 7 SAVINGS Bank prospering notwithstanding hard time*. , r® THE AnglicanB are up in arms againet the divorce bill. " THE largest mining district should have the school of mines, Mr Patton has arranged to stay another year at Broken Hill. THE Australian oricketers beginniag to show a little form Again. . Mr WRAGGE is much more correct in his weather forecasts than Mr Todd, although not so learned. _ THE Kadina farmers were more interested in horses than in Beetaloo or any other assess ments on Saturday. Br a majority of 47 rotes the ratepayers of Wallaroo hare decided to f«nce western park mlifnd Pay °ff their overdraft. THE Professor of Agrioaltare does not think the Hessian fly will do any harm to this colony should it pay us a visit. TO-MOEEOW there will fbe a rifle match between teams of five members each of the House of Assembly and the Legislative Coun cil. Dr. Abeamowoskx, late of Terowie, and now of CiiafFey'a colony at Mildura, pays the Borden and Meld a very high compli ment. THE Burra paper says there are nearly as many policies as private members just now, and bewails the absence of clearly defined parties. TIOKEBA crops looking grand ; if they and the wheat market continue to rise at their present rate for another four months the far mers will be happy for once. Thb Lantern, does not appreciate all the recommendations of the Civil Seryioe Com mission, and shows op the personal weakness of the members of the said Commission. Peninsula not largely represented in rifle matches this year. The Committee has not given unqualified satisfaction in preparing programme. The entrance fee out of propor tion to prize. Mr and Mrs H. J. MOSELEY celebrated wiexr golden wedding last Monday week. What lends additional interest to the eyent was that the aged couple were married in ? this oolony, theirs being the second wedding I celebrated here. j Mbmbhrs of our Legislature should ponder over the following lines from the Lantern 1 When on earth are our members going to do business in a busineBs-hke way? They are still a-naggin', still pottering on with the Chinese Bill and other matters, including the budget, which bears the impress of Tom's foot and Kingston's legal Fist. The time spent and wasted in childish jokes and inter polations might be better utilised in getting through the business of the country. THIS is how the Lantern sits on the Civil Service Commission Who are these Com missioners ? There is Sam GHyde, the Chair man. His nice sense of honour must have been grievously outraged when he had to S,'gn"^e"rep?rt- There is the Hon. Bright, the lily individual; David Bews, who after all is not much better than a Scotchman : Homburg, the erstwhile Triumvir ; Long bottom, the rich nobody ; and A. L. Harold the gentleman whom Judge Boucaut gave Buch a character the other day. PRIZE STUDIES ob TORNADOES. - The American Meterological Journal, desiring to direct the attention of students to tornadoes, in hopes that valuable results may be ob tained, offers the following prizes : For the best original essay on tornadoes or description of a tornado, $200 will be given. For the second tiest, $50. And among those worthy of special mention $50 will be diyided. The essays must be sent to either of the editors, Professor Harrington, Astronimical Observa Arbor, Michigan, or Lawrance Rotch, Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory Readvitle, Mass, U.S.A., before the first day of July, 1889. They must be signed by a nam de plume, and be accompanied by a sealed envelope addressed with same nom de plume Jand enclosing the real name and address ol the author. Three independent and capable judges will be selected to aware the prizes; and the papers reciving them will be the property of the Journal offering the prizes. A circular giving fuller details cab be obtained. 