Intercolonial and Foreign. Lady Florence Dixie's husband, Sir Beaumont Dixie, has been received into the Catholic Church. The King of Belgium has offered his Holiness the Pope a residence in his country, should he find it necessary to leave Rome. Cardinal Gibbons is the youngest member of the Sacred College. He was raised to the episcopate at thirty eight years of age ; at forty-seven, he was Archbishop. There is a significant note by Mr. Geo. R. Sims in the Referee. He says that "knowing something" of the source from which the "Times" secured the treasure trove, he is able to say that the evidence connecting the letters with Mr. Parnell is defective. All ministers of religion of foreign nationality, whether Catholic or Protes tant, have been forbidden by a recent rescript of the Czar from travelling or abiding in Russia. This law has been applied even to the chaplain of the German Embassy. The annual report of the Registrar General for Ireland, containing a gen eral abstract of the number of marriages, births, and deaths, has been issued. According to these returns, the popu lation last year was 4,837,313, as com pared with 4,889,498, in the preceding year. The number of marriages was 20,594, in 1886 ; the births 112,400, as against 113,927 ; and the deaths 88,515, as against 87,295. Of the marriages, 14,224 were between Catholics, 3,640 were celebrated according to the rite of the Church of Ireland, and 2,237 in Presbyterian meeting houses, 363 in "registered buildings," and only 466 by civil contract in the registry office. The number of emigrations is given at 82,923, as compared with 63,135 in the previous year. The sum of £12,500 has been sub scribed towards the erection in Kerry, of the O'Connor Memorial Church. Aus tralia contributed £5,500. His Eminence the Cardinal-Arch bishop of Sydney, will bring with him to Sydney, a valuable marble altar, one of the Pope's Jubilee presents. At the request of Cardinal Moran, the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, of Meath, has been appointed auxiliary Bishop of Sydney, by his Holiness the Pope. The Right Rev. Dr. Moore Bishop of Ballarat, has purchased in Italy, an altar composed of Carrara marble for St Patrick's Cathedral in his diocese. Dr. Rudd, editor of the American Catholic Tribune (coloured), says there are two hundred thousand practical Catholics of the negro race in the United States. The Franciscan Order in Ireland has appointed the Rev. P. Slattery as Com missionary of the provincial Order in Australia. Father Slattery will sail for Sydney in October. The first Jew to rise to the rank of Major-General on the general staff of the Belgian army, is an officer named Foe, who has just been promoted to that rank on the motion of a Catholic Ministry. Mr. and Mrs Gladstone have com municated through Mr Sydney Halli fax, their sympathy with Mrs. John Mandeville, with an assurance of how deeply touched they have been by the sufferings of her husband. The Catholics of London will present Cardinal Manning with the sum of £12,000, on the occasion of his Sacer dotal Jubilee. His Eminence proposes to devote the sum to paying off the debt on the pro-cathedral at Kensington. Henry George has already been shorn of his glory. When George ran for mayor of New York, he had the sup port of 68,000 workingmen, but when, on a recent occasion, he called a mass meeting of his followers in that city, all he could rally was about 200. Like Cardinal Manning, the Bishop of Madrid has publicly condemned the attitude of the Italian Government towards the Pope, and the articles of the new Penal Law referring to the clergy. It is rumoured that the Italian minister at Madrid, has been instructed to ask the Spanish Government for an explanation of the Pastoral, which the Bishop has issued. Among the causes of Beatification proceeding at Rome, there is one which specially interests the Archdiocese of Paris, says the Semaine Religieuse. This is the process of the Venerable Pere Liebermann, the founder of the Society of Missionaries of the Holy Heart of Mary, united in 1848 to that of the Holy Ghost, and specially devoted to the Evangelisation of the negroes. The son of a Jewish rabbi, he received baptism at the age of 22, and entered St. Sulpice. He died in Paris in 1825, in the odour of sanctity. O'Donovan Rossa thinks that the White Pasha, who is reported near Khartoum, and who is supposed to be Stanley, may be Edmond O'Donovan, the brilliant correspondent of the London Daily News, who was reported killed by the Mahdi's troops. O'Donovan Rossa, an old friend of Edmond O'Donovan, says ; — "It would be like one of Edmond's freaks. Letters from his re latives tell us they have some reason to hope that he is still in the land of the living— that, instead of being killed in the war, he was taken prisoner and carried away." The New York Freeman's Journal, has passed into the hands of a number of gentlemen who have formed them selves into the Freeman's Journal Pub lishing Co., and who will conduct the paper without any change of policy, and with such an investment of capital as will make it worthy of Catholic support. It is gratifying to its readers, and to Catholics generally, that although Mr. Maurice F. Egan goes to Notre Dame University to take the chair of English literature, he will continue to be the principal editorial writer, and to have a voice in controlling the course of the Freeman's Journal. The Right Rev. Dr. Navarre, Bishop of New Guinea, will leave Sydney very shortly for his new diocese. His Lordship will be accompanied by the Rev. Father Fromm, M.S.H., and the Rev. Father Vitale, M.S.H,. both of whom were ordained priest and deacon respectively, at the Randwick Catholic Church on a recent Sunday. It is announced that Dr. Edward O'Dwyer, Roman Catholic Bishop of Limerick, has given his adhesion to the Land League. Dr. O'Dwyer has always been a supporter of Home Rule, but up till the present time, he has strongly op posed the Plan of Campaign and boycot ting the system. He wrote some very severe articles to the Freeman's Journal, de nouncing both the Plan of Compaign and boycotting generally. He also at tempted to prevent a meeting being held in his diocese to protest against the papal rescript. It is understood, however, that the severity of the recent evictions and the proceedings under the Crimes Act, have afforded his Lordship reason to change his opinion and join the Land League party, as stated. Nearly all the leading American papers condemn the tactics of the Times, in shirking to face the issue which Mr. Purnell has raised before tbe Scotch jury. The New York Herald declares that, after hinting what they did not dare to say, and taunting Mr. Parnell with not seeking redress from a jury, they now try to throw obstacles in his way. The Sun has no doubt, that as the prospect of having to pay heavy damages becomes more likely to the Times, they would prefer the Commis sion to the trial, and discusses at some length, the legal aspect of the case. Several of the other leading journals with pretentions like the Times, threaten to raise legal quibbles in order to avoid justifying the charges made against Mr. Parnell. Pere Didon, the famous Dominican preacher, has completed his long- expected " Life of Christ," and the manuscript is in the hands of the printer. It is more particularly meant as a reply to M. Renan's work on the same subject ; and the Dominican, who paid a lengthened visit to the Holy Land some time ago, has made as careful a study of the localities in which the events which he narrates, occurred, as M. Renan himself. Whatever the value of the work may be from the polemical point of view — and the writer's friends claim that it is a complete refutation of the sceptical pro duction which suggested it—learned and eloquent it is almost certain to be, and its appearance is doubtless destined to create a considerable stir in the religions and literary world. A Mussulman of the lower-class, says the Vienna Fremdenblatt was lately con demned to death for a trifling misdeed. The unfortunate man was the father of eight children. No sooner did the Sisters of St. Vincent de Paul hear of his sen tence, than they went to the palace where they requested an audience of the Sultan. The latter at once granted per mission, listened to their story with the greatest kindness, and then replied to them : " How can I refuse anything to the noble zeal, which suggests such thoughts to the heart ? Follow this official ; he will bring you into the prison, and you will have the joy of setting your client free yourselves." And as the Sis ters, much moved, were withdrawing, he continued, "Do not forget the way to this palace. Whenever you have any favour to ask from me, the door will be open to you, angels of mercy." — Catho lic Times. A curious case of punishing the gods, is reported from Foochow. The idols of a certain temple in that city, were those appealed to by persons who desired to be revenged on their enemies. They were supposed to cause death to those against whom prayers to them were directed. Recently the Tartar military commander died suddenly, and the idea got abroad among the people, that he had been slain by the idols in question. The Viceroy of the province, hearing this, at once gave orders that they were to be arrested and punished. The pre fect was instructed to see the decree carried out, and armed with the Viceroy's warrant, he went to the temple and had fifteen idols arrested. These were of wood and about 5 ft. high. Before being brought for judgment before the prefect, their eyes were all put out, so that they should not see who was their judge, and be able to trouble him either here or hereafter. After a full investigation, a report was sent to the Viceroy, who gave orders that the idols should be beheaded, their bodies cast into a pond, and their temple sealed up for ever, to prevent them from troubling the peace of the town in future. 