BEAUTIFUL JIM OP THE BIiANKSHIRE BEGHMENT. By JOHN STRANGE ?WINTER, Author of ' Bootles's Haby,' ' Garrison Gossip,' ' Mignou's Secret,' &c;, &o.; [All Quki;n8lan» RiariTs Besebved.] Chapter XXXV. — Toausnrmn. And so it was, for it told that, aftor a sharp nltnok of fever, Boresford had takon a decid'sd iumfor tho hotter, and if ho wont cm as ho gavo every promino at that time of doing, he ?would bo moved homewards in about a fort night or so. By homowards lie uioant to say that they would get him down to Calcutta. where ho would be ublo to. have moro comforts, and a better chance of rocovery. ? 'Sir George,' said Nanoy, .suddenly, 'I am going out to Calcutta by the noxt htcamur !' ? 'Alone,- my dear?' asked tho littlo man, romcwhat in dismay. ' Oh, no .' X shall tnbo servants with me, Vut I shall go,'] sho answered. 'And you will bo married out there?' ' It. is very likely.' ' But you cannot go alono.' ' Oh, yes ! Mrs. Sotou ia thoro ; I shall g 1o her. If not, thoro tiro plonty of otho people who will bo friondly to mo. Anyway he is ill, and must want mo— and I am going.' For perhaps the first time in all the 22 yoara of her lifo there was apparent in Nancy Earlo's behaviour a spico of that daro-dovil, lioad strong self-will which had eont hor younger brother to his ruin ! Aud having1 made up her mind to go out to Calcutta, andyet further, to reach her Beautiful Jim's sido if ho did not happen to bo there, sho did not lot tho grass grow under her feet, but set about making1 her preparations at once for the journey. In vain did Sir- George St. Loser represent to her that for a young unmarried lady of great personal attractions to undortako so long und so formidable a journey was a very serious matter— that the world would look upon such a proueeding as altogether out of the common, and ? 'But it is out of tho common.' said Namy, looking shaight at him with hor woudorful cleur dovo's eyes. ' I am going to be marriod to Mr. Beresford very soon, and ho has been very sevovoly wounded. So must have tho most dire need of mo!' ' Rut pooplo will think it nltosrother so ou'd,' tbe littlo man persisted. 'Tho Earlcs have never troubled themselves much about what people might think,' said Nancy a littlo proudly; then all at once remembered that there had been ono Eaclo who bud not givon much care to tho tra ditions of his house, though it would havo bnon better for them all hud he done so. Tho remenibraueo was enough to send tho hot blood flying to hor cheekB, and she turned to her old frknd with a softer minnor and a gentler tone, 'Dear Sir Georgo,' she said, 'you are very, ?very kind to take ro much interest in me, and I daresay you think I am a vory foolish and headstruiig young woman, who ought to bo looked up until eho has learnt what is good for her. But, indeed, I am not aoting so foolishly as may seem to you. I havo thought it all out. and I believe if my poor, dear old father wore hero and knew everything, ho would approve everything thet I am doing. A-j to my going out thoro, I know he would approve of that ; and besides, you know, I am not going out to ouuj'gc-io. uiia, L3ULUII It* III uul'.MUl UUU i. It'll going straight to her.' ' But supposing she has bft it when you get there?' ' I shall telegraph to her at oncn. If she has to leave bei'oro I get there, sho will have miido the wiiy smooth for me, never fear.' Thus Sir Georgo gave up tho conflict, scoing that Nancy waa proving herself to bo a rail chip of the old Earle block, and that he was hut waBting his breath iu arguing with her. And thsn tho old family solicitor niado an attempt to dissuade hor from a course which hB considered — to put it much moro mildly thun he did — Quixotic. ' My dear lady,' ho said, in his most legal tones, 'it would not become mo to say a word as to the propriety of your scheme, and, more. over, I am convinced that your lather's daughter could in no way compromise the honour of tho family. But thoro is ono fact ?which you evidently overlook. It is that you are now a very rich hoiross, the solo represen tative of a very old and honourablo name, and that you run a great risk of extinguishing tho family altogether by exposing yourself to the dungers of a long and dangerous journey.' I am bonnd to confess that, full of trouble and grief and anxiety as she was, Nancy, at this point, burst out laughing, the first timo eho had laughed for many aud many a dav. 'I might be walking dawn tho street,' sho cried, ' and a chimnoy-pot might fall on my head and crack it; or I might miss my footing at tho top of the stairs and tumble down aud break my neck ; or I might,' with a sudden change of tone, 'I might Btop here and cat my heart out, and he might die without seeing inn — nud oh ! Sir. Mooro, don't try to keep mo ; I should go right out of my mind if anything like that were to happen.' So she won tho day and oarried her point, and the preparations for tho journey wont briskly on. Sho decided to take her maid, who had been with her three years, and was a vorv steady, reliable kind of woman, woll acons'- tomed to travelling, and also to keep Darbv, who had been her father's valet for something like four times that period. With her own woman and with Darby sho would, she knew, bo moro safe, and also travel in greater comfort than with half a dozen fine sooiety ladies to do chaperon. And, moreover, she gave a thought to the journey back, and to tho oomfort and help that Darby would be to hor Beautiful Jim on the voyago home. And with suoh indomit able energy did she work that by the time the next P. und O. steamer wont out to tho shining oast she was onboard, feeling it is true a little moro lonely than Bho would, for all tho world, havo admitted to tho group of friends who had gone to see her off — waving a rather tearful farewell to them and her native shores. But that was a feeling which very soon passed off. The novelty of her surroundings was good for such sad thoughts as hers neoes sarily were, and though in a general way an unusually good sailor, Bho began, after a few hours, to feel certain very uncomfortable sort of qualms which sent her off to her berth with out any desiro_ to Bpend moro time gazing at uie jub& ruceumg snores ot nor own oountry. And after that, she lived the ordinary lifo on shipboard, coming in for a largo sharo of admiration aud attention in spito of the faot, whioh soon became known among the pus sengors, that she was engaged to ba married to a man iu the Blankshire Regiment, who had been badly wounded in an affair with daooits in Burmah, and that she was going to Calcutta and possibly even further, to nurse him. They know too, that her brother had been killed in tho samo affair, and that hor father had died about tho samo timo— that she was a great heiress and tho last of her name. And they all said, men and women alike, that the fellow in the Blankshiro Regiment was just the vory luckiest man who had over been born, if, indeed, ho had not been so uufortuuato as to die of his wound. There was quito a wave of excitement on board when at Suez a telegram from 'Calcutta' was brought on for MiBS Eurlo, who, poor girl, liad hardly courage enough to open it. It was riiort^-but inexpressibly sweet 'Jim much better — onhis way here. Seton ' Narioy tried hard to laugh over the good aicwB,and very nearly succeeded in breakiug ?down into a' storm of tears, tho roliof was so great. Thou someono onlled out, 'Three ? cheers for Jim— long life to him ! ' and straight way threo rousing shouts wont up for tho hero ?they never seen ; and his lovely sweetheart,' in epite.of a certain dewiness about her dove's eyes, managed to turn the threatened outburst jnto amilos after all ! Btrangoly enough, tiie journey did not seem particularly long to her, nor the timo half so ?wearisome as Bitting at homo waiting for Jim's return would havo done. There was a sense of doing something for him in every turn of tho sorew, in every movemont of the ship, in every order that sho heard given and saw carried out. AndtholongvoyagoagroedwithherweHjandjaB ?.they drew near to their destination, Bho bloomed out like a rose in June, and tho wistful look of Badness in her Boft eyes all diod out. ' At last it was all over, tho suspense, ttis'wanW ing, tho putting on of tho timo, and sho found hersolf tightly clasped in Mrs. Seton's arms and hor feet trod Indian soil. 'Ho is well?' sho asWl breathlessly. ' He is with you ? ' . _ ' Dear child, yes; whoro should ho bo?' tho liltle woman cried. 'Not exactly woll, you know, but getting— getting on. Not -well enough to como to meot you, but so awfully im patient for you. I only told him ynatecday. I thought ho would worry hiunalf t J a shadow if ho know that you wero on your wiy. Now, I wish I had told him a few days earlier. And about ,your baggage ? Oh ! yju havo a niiin and maid! Then givo up your keys' and como along at onso. .They will manngoitall far bottor without you. Way, child, how you are trembling ! Ah ! I know — I know — you havo gono through so much since wo patted,' and 'than sho drew Naucy. into the carriage which wus awuitiug hor, und bade tho coaohmro drive straight back to tho hotel. 'Poor Nancy could hardly breathe for tho ex citement, aud although sho knew so little and wanted to know so much, not a question came into hor miud or roso to hoc lips. Sho only kopt ono hand in Mrs. Sjton'a and pro^od the other hard upon her breast, to try to still the mad beating of hor heart. But, happily, it was not for long. Thoy drew up beforo a largo hotel, :and the littlo woman by her side said, in a tono of great roliof, 'Hero wo are,' and wont boforo her into tho houso. ' You will not expect to eeo him looking vory robust, will you, dear child ':' ' sho paid by way of preparation. ' Oh ! no — no,' Nancy answered. ' And if it is rathpr too much for him, if tho mooting upsots him. a littlo, you won't bj frightened:-' anxiously. ?' I will hu vory good every way,' said Nnncy, trying to smilo. By this timo thay had reached tlie door of Jim's room, and Mrs. Seton opened it. 'Here sho in,' sho announced, and gently pushed tho girl in and then closed it behind her, with an imperative sign to tho native iu attendance to betako himself out of tho way. And Nancy weut in to find a ghost ! — or what seemed so to her in the first shock of sur prise — a gaunt skeleton lying helplessly back on a couch, with a punka waving to and fro over his head. And then this gaunt skeleton stretched out a skinny hand to hor, and she realised that it was hor lovo— hor Jim— svhom she had come 80 far to help ; und then there was a rush, a sculllv, and tho noxc moment sho was down upon her.knoes besido him, hold ing his head upon hor breast, aud it was all right ! Somehow, now that I havo frit to this point, I cannot tell more about that moetiug ; it is too sacred a thorao for mo to writo or yo.i to read— it belongs to theimtflreif aluno, and you and I aro in reality only outsider/), though I have loved Gsautiful Jim dearly, vwy doarly, and I hopo that you havo loved him too. But X can and' will tell you just what hap pened afterwiudH— how tho happy day* slipped by, aud with each one Jim got :i little stronger and ahook off. moro and moro of tho weakness and lassitudo which ho had brought as hU por tion out of Burmah. How ho began, after a while, to totter about in an uncertain baby sort of fashion onhis vory own foot, with only the slight support of Nancy's slim young arm to help him— hoy thoy began to taka lovely drives in the early mornings aud in tho cool of tho evenings, and bost of all, how one day sho said, quite simply and unconcernedly, ' If you go on improving like this, dear, we shall bo able to be married ever so much sooner thuu I thought.' And then poor Jim blurted out the last faint shadow of his doubts and tho sorrows of their past. 'My darling,' ho said, trembling iu spite of himself, 'do you think I am quito fros to take advautago of — of— circumstances ? ' Nancy looked, as she felt, startled. ' Why not, Jim ? ' she asked, her thoughts flying wildly to some obstacle of which she was in ignorance. 'Of sonr.io wo can pleaso ourselves; but your father's objection was possibln danger and trouble to you in the' future,' Tim answered. ' And, of course, young Tommy is dead now, poor chap, and I don't want to say or feel any thing agKiimt him ; but supposing poor Oweu's death was brought up again and thoy fixed upon mo? I might find it vory awkward aud — — ' but Nancy had risen and gone out of tho room, aud whilo Jim was still wondering at tho suddenness of hor movement, sho came back with a sealed packet in hor h:tud. ' I foresaw something of this,' sho said quietly, as sho broke tho .seals, ' and that.last day at Klaukhumpton I made Stuart leave your safety in my hands,' and then sho gavo him the paper, and ho read the poor dead lad's passionate confession. A few days later the heiress of the Earles and Beautiful Jim, of Blankahiro Rsgimout, were wed, very quietly and simply, with only Mrs. Scion and a man who liad been very good to him iu the first days of his long illness, to witness it ; so it was over — All was cuded now, tho lioiiu 'uikI tho 1'u.ir and tho sorrow, All the (idling of heart, tho restless, unsatisfied lonpiiif.'. All tbiMlull, iU-uu liniu, ami constant anguish --r liatieiiw. The End. 