LAST NIGHT'S PARLIAMENT [By Elkotrio Telegraph.] [BltOJI OUll OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Bbisbanb, October 30. Tho Loan Estimates for works and services to be included in a fresh Loan Bill, were tabled to-day as follows : — Railways, southern division : — Cleveland Branch, to complete £90,000 N. Coast railway, to comploto £165,000 Dnlby towards Bunya Mountains, first section, £15,000; Wide Bay and Burnett Division— Maryborough nnd Gympie, additional, £20,000; Burruin to Bundaberg and cxteuaion to AVon garra, additional, £25,000; Central Division — Emu Park, additional, £'1,000; Rockhampton fcn Mnlinh Mnrcjin. £-!O.00.l : Nnrf.liprn Divisinn (CnrpiMitariu) — Croydon Railway, 1st section, £150,000; Harbors and Rivers— Fitzroy River, £20,000 for deepening the liar nws; Gladstone, £7,000; Thursday Island jetty additional, £16,000; Miscellaneous services, £10,000; New plant. £10,000; Wells, £95,000; Bridges— Brisbane River, £100,000; Mary River, £40,000; Burnett River, £45,000 ; Electric Telegraph, general purposes, £75,000 ; grand total £892,000. In the Legislative Council to-day tho Chinese Restriction Bill was passed through committee without amendment. Clause 10 providing for a penalty to remain due until paid, was carried on the casting vote of tho Chairman. The House decided not to insist on their amendments in the Public Works and Lands Resumption Bill to which tho Assembly dissagreo. In the Assembly a message was received from the Governor forwarding the lonn estimate) for tho current year. Mr. Sayers presented a petition from tho residents in Mount Wyatt and Noomanby, in favonr of a railway from Bovvon being taken to the 37 inilo peg. Under cover of a motion for adjournment a discussion took place on the timber regulations and terms of the contract for locomotives. Mr. Morehead in replying to the question, said it was the intention of the Government to carry out experiments in connection with inoculation for plcuro-pneuinonia. The Marsupial Bill whs road a third time. Stafford's Branch Railway Bill, and a Bill empowering tho Trensuror to advance £40,000 to Municipal Council Bris bane' was read a first time. The House went into committee on the Brisbano water supply, and after considerable criticism and discussion progress was reported, Mr Maerossan asking for time to consider some suggested amendments. The Valuation Act Amendment Bill was passed through cntmnilteo with a'lH'iidments. Tho House is now Coraini'tso on Supply con sidering the Pacific Islanders emigration estimates. A serious case of poisoning through eating tinned fish occurred to two boys mimed Barti'H, sons of Mr. J. Bartoll, on the 18th instant (siys tho Northern Miner''. They were seized with tho usual . symptoms of vomitine and purging. Dr. Kcaly was sent for, he applied the us'inl remedies, unit the boys arc now out of danger. This maki'S 10 poisoning cases attended to by Dr. Kealy during the post week, one nearly proving fatal through the rupturo of a blood vrs-il in the stomach, caused by excessive vomiting. All the other cases were caused through eating brawn. In contrast with tho state of the country about Roma (says the Western Star) it is re freshing to hear news of that about the Dawson. A gentleman who has been on a brief trip northwards report that in con sequence of recent thunderstorms about the head of the Dawsou watersheds, the pastures ai u fresh and green, water being abundant in all tho main channels. In Canal Creek there is a stretch of fivo miles where a horse would have to swim tn get across; at Lake Eurooniha tho water is 53 feet deep ; whilo in a lagoon below the houso at Hornet Bank there is a depth of 32 feet. Away from the main watercourses, however, tho feed is dry, and water scarce. Comparative statistics by Mr. Hayter, state tin. fc South Australia has the largest area oF land under cultivation— having ovor 2,750,000 acres — -Victoria coming next and then New Zoaland and Now South Wales, the greater pint of the land in tho two colonies first named being utilised far wheat growing. South Australia still leads the way ill the production of wheat, her yield being over 19,000,000 bushels, or nearly 6,000,000 bushels more than Victoria. The wlioat crop, of Aus tralia for 1887 is set down at 40,500,000 bushels. Of live stock there are 98,000,000 of shoep in Australasia, of which number 4G,000,000 belong to Nes' South Wales. — Sydney Tribune. Tjik most violent thunderstorm that oc curred in this district for somo timo, passed over Warwick on Saturday ovening last about dusk. Tho sky in the west in tho afternoon looked ominous, but wo scarcely thought that it would havo resulted in so fierce an out pouring .of the electric fluid and rain, or so violent wind. Tho lightning was unusually vivui, uiu luuiiuei'.. as times .was aimosc appalling, tho niin was drenching, and the wind was alarmingly strong. Trees wore blown down in several parts of the town, but fortunately no damage was dono to life or property. . But some of our country friends did not fare so well. Mr. Kirkegaard, of Freestone Creek suffered somowhat severoly. A shed, in which wero stored a reaper and binder (which cost £75), a corn sholler, a chaff cutter, twonty bags of maize, ami between thirty and forty tons of hay, besides a stable capable of accommodating twenty horses, was burnt to tho ground. Mr. Kirkegaard was in his yard at tho time tho lightening struck tho reaper and binder, and wo learn that it was so close to him that ho experienced a dizziness in his head. The flames passed from tho reapor down, the shed (tho wind blowing from tho end of the shed which first caught fire), and 'Consumed every particlo that it contained. Thoro was a shod a little way distant contain ing a largo quantity of wheat, but before the flames had time to roach it the wind happily turned, and thus a serious additional loss was averted. Mr. Kirkegnnrd's loss will amount to something over £200. The quantity of rain registered in Warwiok was 28 points, — Warwick Argus. ? ' Wr recoived a cablegram last evening from our correspondent 'John Bright, M.I'., released.' As we knew John Bright, the great Anglo-Saxon orator, was no Homo Kuler, we could not understand bow tho infor mation could apply to him. Wo sincerely trust the cablegram do-s not intimate the doceaso instead of tho relenso of one of Britians foromott m;n. At the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Saturday a man, giving tho name of Sail Jowaroo, was charged with having wilfully exposed obscono prints on tho Circular Quay. Evidonco was given to the effect that he was showing photographs, some of them of a grossly indecent character, to a number of young lads, endeavouring to induce them to buy somo. A police constable in plain clothes joined tho party, nnd accused, unsuspicious of his identity, offered to sell him some photo Kiaphsof a particularly 'choico' character. Tho officer negotiated for a pack, and inducing the vendor to walk up the -t'cet towards the Water Police Station, took him into custody instead of completing the bargain. Tho photos, which wore produced in court, wero of an exceedingly filthy description. Mr. Addi son, P.M., fined tho offender £40, v-'ith the alternative of two months' gaol and ordered his pictures! to be confiscated. — S. Tribune. A vkry serious enso has been reported to the Panamatta police which involves the children of some respectable Parrainatta citizens. It is stated that a few days ago 4 boys, who attend the Pavramatta South Superior Public School, were playing together in Harris Park, when, it is alleged, a stone was thrown and struck one of the boys. An other boy, named Adams, uged nine years anil live months, whose parents keep a small shop in Harris Park, was near at hand with his younger sister, and on the presumption that ho threw tho stone, the four boys got hold of him, and after beating him hung him to a tree by the neck with a clothes lino. It is stated time no was turtucr nssanlton whuo hanging. He was then taken down and hung up by the heels, and again assaulted. Next he was placed on a fence nnd pulled over several times on tho ground. No seruus offocts are believed likely to result from tho hanging, but the falls to which the boy was subjected are responsible for some severe intornal in juries, amongst others inflammation of the Btomach. Two medical men, it was stated, pronounced recovery hopeless, and said tliat death might occur at any time. Further inquiries, however, reveal the fact tluit there has been much exaggeration in the reports concerning the alleged assault at Pnrramatta on a boy named Adams by somo of his school follows. Tho alleged assault took place about a fortnight ago. Dr. Smith, who was fir»t called in, attended the boy for over a week, but he has since left the town on a holiday, so that it is difficult to get a correct document as to tho boy's condition during that time. His locum tenens s:iw the case once, and since then Dr. Bowman has had charge. On Fri day he had a consultation with Dr. Waugh and they aro of opinion that there is nothing serious in the matter, notwithstanding that the boy complains of pains in gtlio abdomen. It is admitted by the boy that ho was not hung by the neck. The other boys admit that thoy suspended him by ono of his legs with a strap lo a beam in an old cow-shtd and that while he was so hanging ho was beaten with a thin batten and a switch, but not unmercifully. It is stated that Adams was suting on a ltuco wlicn no was pulled down by one of his fellows. He was then taken to the cow-shod and after he was re leased ho ran away, apparently suffering from no severe injuries. Tliero are no bruises on the boy's body but ho is still confined to his bed — Sydney Tribune. Db. B. W. Richardson, in recent lectures, has declared that, whilo man can live on animal and vegetable diet conjointly, and even sustain life on pniely animal diet, ho is originally a purely fruit and vegetable con suming cieaturo, and with proper selection of his faro can economically live on tho latter diet alone. In fact, according to Dr. Richard son, man is a vegetarian, though ho can and does eat animal food. There is perhaps n probability of this diet in the future becoming of the purer and more humsinc description. He recommended nuts as food, instancing the common filbert nnd tho ground nut ns excellent foods, and lie compared the banana to condensed milk. Dates hi also considered a nutritious foodj so arc figs. Oatmeal, so largoly the foo.l of the old Scotch, was preferred by Dr. Richardson to beef. Prime beef contains 50 per cent of water, 30 per cent of fuel food, 15 per cent of flesh, and 5 per cent of mineral ; whereas good oatmeal contains only 5 per cent of water, with 73 per cent of laA food, 20 percent of flesh -formers, and 2 per cent of mineral food. Tho latter class, as is well known, support tho skeleton and denser parts of the body. Tho work derivable from lib. of bouf is 177 foot-tons (a ton lifted 177ft.), whereas that from lib. of oatmeal is 488 foot tons. With regard to the question of vege tarianism, Dr. Richardson declared that there was a good deal to be said on both sides, inas much us flesh was (at least ti persons habitu ated to it) more easily digested than purely vegetable diet ; but he pointed out that chil dren took readily to vegetable diet. Diseases ornso from carelessness and unehanliness in using both classes of food. On t''0 wlloIc- tnu evidonco of Dr. Richardson goes to show tlmt * he vegetable world is competent of itself to supply tho food of man, without any help From nniinnl 'flesh, nnri t/- vipld what Dr. Itiehnrdson has called the ' ideal1' food— tlmt is to say, the brst nutriment for human beings. Now that the craze for inoculation is likely to infect all bensts slaughtered for food with all the diseases incident to the animal kingdom, Dr. Richardson's dictum ia comfort ing reading. — Sydney Tribune. An elderly gentleman residing in tho Ruo Roehochounrt, Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to life. He has a nephew in Parle, who, being duly informed of his demise on Sunday, repaired at once to the houso with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle until they should bo homo to their last resting place. On Monday evening, ns tho lady was tired, her husband sent her to tho drawing room to take anmn vnnntm nn n. anfn ? mill. n. Knrvfinf. Tllfinnrl somo wine nnd broth on a tablo.ho throw him self into an arm-chair in tho bedroom and soon went soundly to sleep. On awakine at 4 in tho morning ho found that tho broth had disappeared and that tho bottle. of wine ivns half empty ! Becoming alarmed ho wont to his wifo in tho drawing-room, roused her, and told her what had happened. Slio returned to tho bsdrooin with him, but tho pair had hardly reached the door whou they heard a noiso. Thoy paused on the threshold, ann to their consternation, a voice bade them not to bo afraid, hut to oomo in. Thn husband entered the room soon rushed out with his hair standing on end. He had scon hisunclo's ghost. The old man was Bitting, onvolopod in a shoot, on tho bpd. The supposed corpse had tho utmost difficulty in retting his panic stricken relatives to understand that he was not dead at all. ' I am alive !' ho repeatoi, adding that the preparations for his funeral had not escaped his notice, ho had been iu a lethargy, and, waking np, had holpod himsolf to tho broth, which had dono him good. Hearing some one approaching ho bad jumped into bod, as ho was anxious uot to cause any alarm ; but Richard was himself again. He perfectly recovered, and cortainly on closer examination tho uncle's appearance by no means beliod his words. Tho refreshments had como in most opportunely to rostnro him, and as ho was much pleased with tho affection ate attention which his relatives had Bhown him after his supposed duparturo from this world, everything was soon made happy and comfortablo all .round. Tho doctor of the Quarter had not yet ofllcially confirmed the demieo of tho worthy uncle, who soems to have taken a now lease of \iio.~-Exchange, Tho Tonwooinba Deposit Bank aro pur chasers of good freehold properties in Town and -uburbs. 1405 Thb traffic manager, Mr. Thallon (says the Courier of yesterday), recoived telegram stating that the man who was run over and killed at tho level crossing a short distance out of Roma, by the down train from Charle villo on Saturday, Ins been identified as Bartholomew Doffoel, who was under medical treatment for lunacy in the Roma Gaol, and was only discharged on Saturday morning. Tim usual monthly meeting of the Gospol Temperance Society, was held in tho Presby teniian Hall, Herric3-stroet, on Monday even ing, and whs conducted by tho members of the W.C.T. Union. Mrs. Dues bury presided. An interesting programme was carried out, and addresses were given by the President of the Union. Mr. W. Stcelo of Brisbane, and Mr. C. Rowhotham. Songs were also rendered by members and frionds of the Union, but the at tendance was uot nearly so large as was de sired. We havo received information that Captain Goodall, who succeeds Mr. Murry as Police Magistrate for our town, will arrive hero on Thursday afternoon, and will tako his place on the bench here on Friday. If the saying bo true that no news is good news, then thoro is good news about our Police Court, for the past week or so there has been little or no business done. We scarcely think that offenders would bo so considerate as to keep quiet knowing the polico magistrate was avriy. Those parsons who are in quest of Home steads, are reminded tliat .tlio agricultural farms adjoining the Villago of Ravensbournc, will be open to selection at tho Toowoomba Lands Office, on Monday next, at 10 o'clock. The maximum area which may bo selected is 80 a'cres, tho annual payment on which, dating five yonrs, is £4 4s 8d being Cd an acre rent, and one fifth part of the cost of suruoy. The soil is described as excellent, and thero is a plentiful supply of good water. Every infor mation can bo obtained at the Local Lands Office, as well as plans of the lands to be opened. Tns strikes in the Southern coal mines (says the Courier) are having a very beneficial effect upou tho c.ial trade of this colony. Since tho South Bull! miners went out on etoike about a month ago, the B.I. and Q A. Company, managing agents for the A.U.H.N. and B I.8.N. Companies, have largely in creased their orders for Queensland coa's for bunker use. They are now using on an aver age 4000 tons of coul per week, which means absut 210,000 tons of coal per annum, or an annual expenditure of something like £140,000. The Queensland opals have'bocome oiie of tho standard joke? of tlio Melbourne Exhibi tion (says the Argui). There is a large case with the inscription ' Precious opals from Queensland,' but not a gem visible. And visitors aro variously informed that tho opals havo tired of the exhibition, and returned whence they camo, or that being so particu larly precious they are kept for safety in burglar-proof safes. Yet whilo Queensland literally hides the light of her opals, South Australia still recklessly displays her rubiea, and New Couth Wales her diamonds, without having thus far been stolen. Messrs. Harrisox, Joxes, and Devlin telegraphed us as follows, under date of the 30th October :— Wo catalogued 3300 bales of wool at our sale to-day and sold 2200. Com petition was very spirited and lately ruling prices were well maintained, good free greasy selling readily, 10il. being obtained for a snmll lot from Deepwater. The principal sales wero as follows;— Greasy : Urah. 100 bales to 8id., and pieces 7«\; J. H S. Collie 25 at 7id.; J. S. Kemlwah, 27 at 7d.; .1. A. Wolshod, 110 at GJd.; JM, Kmn Park, 22 at S:Vd.; Asltc, 49 at 8id.; Jones, Co'.ibar.i (brnkci.), at GS-d.; GC, Jcruln, 100 at 8id.; L/V, 30 nt Std.; Betts, 34 at- 7Jd.; JLW, 5G at 7g-d.; BMO, 201 at 8|d ; Heart ovor Namoi, 381 at 73d., and 33 at 6}d. Tub Courier of yesterday says that Sir T. M'llwraith was very much better in health yesterday than he had been for some days past, and was able to attend a Cabinet meeting as well as to transact some office business; It was not, however, deemed advisable for him to take his seat iu tho Legislative Assembly. It is understood that owing to tho generally unsatisfactory state of the Chief Secretary's health his medical adviser hai counselled rest and change. Acting upon this recommenda tion. Sir Thomas has male up his mind to take a trip to China and Japan shortly after the close of the Parliamentary session. He will bo accompanied by Luly M'llwraith and family, and will probably leave by the B.I.S.N Company's steamship Dacca, about a mouth hence. Pbofessok CanAbis completely sustained the reputation, with which ho eamo here, in his entertainment at the School of Arts on Monday. It was unfortunate for him that the circus opened simultaneously with him. He, how over, had a very fair honso, and the tricks with which he entertained his audience were porformed in a mas tarly manner. Tho happy way in which he pointed out tho difference between an amateur and a professional, was exceedingly interesting. Tho spiritualistic part of tho entertainment evoked the most interest, and tho case with which he liberated himself from tho chair, on which he was tied by gentlemen from among tlio audience elicited Burprisn and applause. Last evening tho ProFessor bad a very good attendance, an.-} the way in which the tricks wero performed, without any effort or any attempt at disguiso. certainly stamps him as a master of the art of logerdemain. In fact, though we havo seen some of his tricks before, wo havo never seen them so neatly executed. On Thursday night the Professor announced that he will givo a bonefit for the Toowoomba Hospital under the patronage of His Worship tho Mayor and the Hospital Committee. Those who aro interested in the idea of Volapuk as a universial language will hear with satisfaction that the American Philoso pineal Society is taking np with soni' enthu siasm tho quostion as to tho possibility ot establishing such a language. j:They np. pointed a cominitteo to report on Volapuk, which is tho most extensively taken up of tho throe or four languages that have boen proposed as the basis of international communication in a single tcngue. This committee first points out what aro the desirable points in a universal language, as, for oxaraplo, that it shall only use 'such Bounds as aro common to all the European languages, and such words ns aro common to the greatest number of Ian. gungos. Thus English, French, Italian, nnd Spanish have somo 2000 words in common, whilo German and English havo 1500. Theso words should supply the foundation of tho vocabulary whioh International Congress ought to complete. But tho grain mar is the difficult point in all the universal languages. Tho American Committee go for tho diroctcst simplicity attainable in grammar maintaining that this is tho tendency of grammar amongst tho most highly civilised nations. With respect to Volapuk, this com mittee whilo acknowledging tho groat value of its inventor's offorts, points out that V- has many blemishes, for example it uses sounds that no Englishman or Frenchman can pro duco properly. The grammar of Volapuk is declared to bo hopelessly opposed to all modern tendency in its complexity; in short the language is condemned. The Philosophical Society proposes to have nn Intercolonial Congress assombled in London or Paris to consider the question of a uuivcrsal language, not to supersedo oxisting lauguages, but for purely international purposos.— Exchange The Toowoomba Deposit Bank receivo» money on dopoBit at current rato of interest. ? 1405 Tho Toowoomba Deposit Bank advances money on Freehold Property — on favourable terms. 1405 The traffic earnings of tho Southern and Westarn Railway show a decrease on the week ending 21st October of £533 8s. 4d., as com pared by the corresponding week of last year. The pissengnr traffic and parcels and mis cellaneous business hai ma'lo progress, but tliero was a falling off of £370 on the goods and live stock account. Monday's Observer states that a special meeting of the Cabinot was held this morning to consider tho Supplementary Estimates. The Premier was sufficiently well to bo present at the meeting, after which ho remained at his office for some timo It is, however, improb able that he will bo in his scat at the House to-day. To those of our readers who take an interest iu Astronomy, wo would call attention to the conjunction of tho two most brilliant planets in our solar syatcin Veuui and Jupiter. At the beginning of the month tho conjunction will take place, Venus will be a degree and a-half to the south of Jupiter. At the present time these planetd aro very brilliant, Evening Stars immediately visible after sunset in the western heavens. Some timo sinco tho Under Secretary for Agricult-'re wrote to the Department of Agri culture, Georgia (United States), fora supply of Spanish peanuts, cotton and melon seed. The melon seeds nnd peanuts have just been received, and, as tho supply is limited, the seed and nuts will be placed in the hunds of a few reliable persons so that a general distribution may bo made next year. The Spanish peanut is very prolific, and forms splendid food for attening pigs, and tho vines when converted into hay make excellent feed for cattle and horses. It is said to yield well even on in ferior soil and is easily cultivated and easily gathered. — Observer. We are not iwnro whother Brisbane jewel lers as a rule have begun to work up Croydon gold, but Mr. Twidle, manager of the Queens land Watchmaking Company, whose shop is in George-street, Brisbane, and who has just started manufacturing jewellery nn his pre mises, showed us last week some really hand some samples of his art, made of Croydon gold. One was a lady's bracelet, made to order for a lady who is a large shareholder in the Bobby Dazzler mine, and to show her apprecia tion of tho dividends, she has had this bracelet made — a ncatbnnd of plain gold, branded with the name of the mine whence came the inctnl. Mr. Twidle also showed us some brooches and rings of very neat yet handsome manufacture, which certainly are a credit to his taste and ingenuity. This, we arc informed, is the result of the new tariff, and wo hail tho idea with pleasure, hoping that Mr. Twidle will sec his way to extend his business a thousand fold, ] and that others in all trades will follow his ] example. — Morelon Hail. ' Tub 'Three in Ono Circus' gave a porfor- i manco on Monday evening on the vacant ? ground near the Royal Hotel. The attendance ] was very good, in spite of tho eounter-uttrac- i tion at the School of irts, and the largo tunt ? was well filled. The parformance was ' remarkably good and consisted of a great i variety of feats beyond tho usual 'circus ring business,' of which there w«b really very ' little. The acrobatic perFormtnces wero very ; good, as also tho trapeze performance which elicited well deserved applause. The horses must have received a wonderful amount of training', as well as patience, to make them answer so readily to their names, and go through the different parts allotted to them. Tho barebickcd riding of Herr Waldeck is well-known by this time, and when we say his riding is as good as ever, we say all that is necessary. The tight ropo performance by ono of the ladies of the company was a very pleasing part of the evenings entertainment, and the step dancing on roller skates performed on a small table placed iu the riug, was a novel and very dillicult feat, but seemed to come quite casi'y to the young man who donned the rollers last night. We may say iu fact the performance was good throughout. The company left for Ipswich yesterday. The anxiety which has recently been felt, in social ns well as political circles in reference to tho state of the Premier's health has, we regret to say, been to a certain extent war ranted by the facts of the case. Sir T. M'llwraith has admittedly been suffering from overwork, tho result of: the ardons nature of his labours during the session, following so closely upou the excitement of the general election and the preparation of the Cabinet to meet Parliament. The energy of the now members who form so lnrge a component part of the now Assembly has prolonged the busi ness of the session beyoud what was at first contemplated. Through the newness of some of Ins colleagues to office a greater weight of responsibility has been thrown upon his shoulders than would ordinarily ba the case. Heavy deputation work and matters of Imperial interest have also tin ust themselves upon his attention from timo to time. It is hoped that Sir Thomas will be able to appear in the Assembly on ono evening during the present week, when ho will conduct his own Estimates through Supply and make a further statement ns ti the financial policy of the Government. The Cabinot havo quite mado up their minds to return to tho old system of winter sessions, us contemplated by the Audit Act, and in order also that the legislative work of the colony may be transacted during tho cool season. —Observer. The ' Judge and Jury Class' established in connection with the Working Men's Club held a very successful sitting at the Club room iu Boll street, last Monday ovening. There was a considerable attendance of members and visitors, who appeared to bo thoroughly interested in the proceedings, which iu brief wero as follows : viz. — S. Spripgs, a clerk in the employment of Brown, Mogers & Co., meichauts of Toowoomba, was charged with having presented a forged cheque for £48 17s. Gd., purporting to be drawn by Brown, Mogers & Co., to his tailor, T. Tompkins, in payment of an account for £G 8s. Gd., and with having rcccivoil the sum of £42 9s. in sterling money, as balance on account of such valueless cheque. In respect of such cheque, Mr. Rogers, who appeared on behalf of tho suppositions firm, after stating for the prosecution, that the cheque was u forgery, in writing resembling that of tho prisoner, and drawn without authority, was induced, however, under the same cross-examination of tho Counsel for tho defence, to state that though tho signature of the Clerk had never been left at tho bank us that of a person authorised to sign cheques on behalf of tho firm; still on several occasions tho Clerk had been authorised not only to fill in, but sign cheques for the firm. This ex traordinary assertion violating as it did every rule, not only of business practicp/but of com mon seiiBO completely upset tho prosecution. The Counsel for the Crown, however, upheld the struggle although it bad become despcrato and his chances of obtaining a verdict under tho circumstances was utterly hopolcss. Thu Counsel for the defence mado magnificent uso of the breach thus opened in tho linos of his opponent atul succeeded in obtaining a verdict of acquittal for tho accused on both counts of the indictments. But' though the blunder stated souiswhat marred the interest of the mock trial, still its general working in other respects furnished proof that tho class is im proving in tho knowiodgo nnd management of details, and there is no' doubt but that with a little more practico tho Judge, and Jury Class of the Toowoomba Working Men's Club will attain to a very credicablo proficiency — in its especial line of operation. This Voice op Srnixo. — Winter is con sidered to bo ovor, nnd ' Spring medicine ' is tho order of tho day. To e'eanso your system from latent impurities, to stimulate your liver, and to purify your blood, tako Noble's Pills, Buy at NobloVMcdical Hall, Euthvon-Btroot, Toowoomba. 81 Mb. HtrnnEr called yosterdny at this office to correct a part of the report of our corres pondent at Clifton. In regard to tho proceed ings at the opening of the Komim Catholic Church at Clifton, our correspondent says, 'The banquet was provided at Mr. John Hurley's hotel, and I think ho was treated very unfairly; instead of his getting the money at the table it all went to tho church.' Mr. Hurley tells us that that was not the enso. The banquet was ns much a private affair of Mr. Hurleys as any ordinary dinner in his hotel. Any donation that Mr. Hurley gave to tho building fuud, or any contribution towards the expenses, was his own voluntary i'ct. Tim railway estimates went through with unusual despatch. The Minister in cbnrgo had to assure the committee that no appoint ment had either directly or indirectly been made to the new Board of Commissioners. A rather serious charge was mado by Mr. Annoar regarding the contracts recently let for the local construction of locomotives, that gentle man saying that he had information that many of the parts used [in the composition of tho engines were being imported by tho con tractors instead of being constructed by them in their own workshops, as provided in the contract. Mr. Nelson recommended Mr. Annear not to believe such statements unless, he had good personal knowledge of the fact*, as the Government Inspector who watched the carrying out of the contract very narrowly would repcri at once to headquarters any variation from the specifications. A great number of inquiries on various .'points con nected with tho railways wore replied to by tho Minister.— Courier. Tub Chinese Emperor, sitting in bis palatial chamber of State, surrounded by high officials who tremble ut his frown, inhaling the per fumo that is wafted into his presence by the breezes that play over his gardens, doing ns he likes, thinking as he likes, dreaming of his personal divinity, cannot be ixpectcd to take the viow of ordinary mundane affairs that is omraon to the British people. It should, perhaps, bo regarded by us us mi honour that the people who acknowledge his sovereignty, and who belong to the same race as this royal son of Heaven, should condescend to come and live amongst us, should scrapo up our gold by gully-raking, and grow cabbages and make cheap furniture for our use. But we have not been educated up to that idea, and on the other hand fail to see anything celestial ubout these children of the Flowery Kingdom. We do not want any more of them here, and would like those who aro here to go awny ; all of which tends to prove tlmt, from a Chinese point of view, wo are to ho 'punished for our miserable ignorance. This son of Heaven is grieved at our ingratitude in having put an impost duty upon his people mid in other way.t shown a want of appreciation of their celestial qualities. He is not going to send a fleet of junks to invade our shores, as some 2'oople have thought possible. Nothing of the kind ; he bus issued nn edict to the effect that all his subjects mnst within three years leave our Australian colonies, and any of them who shall, presume to land any merchandise upon our shores for sale or barter shall suffer dcith. Somo people may laugh at first when they read the edict; but having acquired a taste that cannot b2 satisfied without crowding our houses with a number of Chinese teapots and cups and saucers, &c.; (for ornamental pur poses only), they will feel where the shoe (inches when to tlio additional duty on the British-made imitation is added the extra cost that must immediately follow the withdrawal Df tho Chinese article. Still we will try to get on without John if we should be driven to it, and to thank Heaven — or the son of Heaven— for such mercies as aro loft to us. — Observer. Deap. — A Person cured of Deafness and noises in tho head of 23 years' standing bv a Simple remedy, will send a description of it tree to any porson who applies to Nicitor-sox, Go William-street, Melbourne, 1307 CkbtatnTjT the most effective medicine known is Saxj-er and Soxs' Eucalypti Extract. 'fust its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, infltinza; tho relief is instaneous. In serious cases, nnd accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the saFvst remedy — no swelling — no inflamntion. Like surprising effects produced in croup, dipthcrin, bronchitis inflamation of the lung.', swellings, &c.; diarrhoei, dysentry, diseases of the urinary organs. In use at hospitals and iucdie.il clinics nil over the globe ; patronised by Hir Majesty the King of Italy; crowned with modal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved articles nnd reject all others. 1037 Noble's Dalinathiau Insect Powder quickly destroys fleas, mosquitoes, boil-bugs, lice in poultry or stock. Travellers by sea or land, if wise, will provide themselves with a tin of this valuable companion. Price Is. with patent sprinkler from W. A. Noble, Phar maceutical Chemist, Toowoomha. 13* 