I_ SrThoíomciv ßränigäii and the D Ghost, TBV " AEA.B."] Donald Branigan wh-> a Rtnall farmer in Ireland j be lived ¡a tim p¿r¡»h of Mulick and townland of rincsstle. It »as held on lease under the Earl of jlossfiold for 099 years at Gd per acre, granted to oie of the Branigans, no one knew when, thoy were "ch an old race of people in the country. But although they were so old, they never multiplied as other families had done : some of thom went into tie army, others to America, and BOine-well, no mutter. Dnnnld being the only one left of the lot, -¿¡ile mw what the people called an old bachelor, lived bj himself on the farm. Some of his friends told bira it was a shame that he did not marry ¡ if anything happened to him his father's name would be dead out of the world altogether. So, after a greatdenl of persuasion, they got him married to one Peggy Garland, nearly as old as himself. They had no family for years, so they began to despair of ever having any, and Donald thought the name must die out with himself. Donald was a practical man : he kept everything in great style-had his farm in a high state of i cultivation, had a nice orchard, had his fields all i named. He had the Long Brae, the Short Brae> the New Buick, the Hare's Track, the Beardy BanV, the Jenkin Loop, and the Long Acre, where Mary Shall» grew the flax. He had a nice cob of a horse. he kept a jackass for drawing turf out of the bog where it was too soft for the horse to walk j he had four nice cows, a couple of goats, sheep, pigs, fowls, pigeons-in fact was very comfortable. Mis. Branigan and Donald were in great grief because they had no heir, and always when they talked about it, he shook his hoad and said he was afraid the name would die out with him. But Mrs. Branigan told him not to despair, as they might have a houseful by and bye. Things went on this way for a long time. Years went by, still no heir. But¿ at last, to the surprise of the whole country round, Mrs. Branigan pre- sented Donald with a son and heir. Donald was beside himself with joy. Everything about the placeseemed to share in the rejoicing. The jackass never brayed so loudly before, the game cock seemed as if he waa walking on stilts 5 while thoy were eating their dinner the sow was singing Garry oven at the door for the potato skins. ¡ the tom cat sat on the hob and purred his song of glee as if nothing had happened, while nurse fussed about at a great rate. Things boob settled down into the old groove, hut now a fresh difficulty arose-what name they were to call the child 5 and, after talking the matter over for nearly a month, they could not agree on a name. One day Mrs. Branigan said, "Now, Donald, you know we ought to get the child christened. If the poor thing died," here she rubbed her oyes, "it would be in darkness for ever, and then we would never forgive ourselves for committing such a sin." "Well," said Donald, "let us settle on a name at once, and have it baptised as soon as possible." So Donald commenced, and went over the name of all his friends alive ; but there was none of the names pleased her. Then she went over tha names of all her friends, hut Donald would not have any of them. At last Donald said: " We will call him Thaddy." "?What!" BayB Mrs. Branigan; "after your uncle that was hung. Saints purtect the child, the innocent dear." "We'll call him Tim." "?What! Tim, that was sent across the salt water, 0, dear, dear, to think of the hardened crathur putting such a name on the innocent dear, to call him Thaddy, after that two-faced old vii-" " Well, the poor man was hung against his will ,. hut them purliece would find out anything, if it was under the ground." Here Donald gave a leer at her which she knew the meaning of. To con- ciliate bim, she says : "Call him what you like ; any name will do me." Donald now left the house. When ho was gone Mrs. Branigan began to soliloquise on the events that had taken place. " Well, to think of that crathur, that has not been to his duty this three yea«, going to call the child Thaddy, after ?well, no matter. No, the poor innocent dear, he will never he called Thaddy, while there is breath in my body. I would rather go into the grave with ye, aye darlin'. But just think of it, 0, worra, worra, what will be the end of it." Here she wiped her eyes with her praskin (apron). About a week after the last negotiation, Mrs. Branigan asked Donald if he had got a name for the child. Donald said he had not. " Well," said Mrs. Branigan, " the dear was lorn on St. Bartholomew's Day ; Bartholomew ivould be a very nice name for him-(here Donald winked at the cat)-and as there is none of our friends on either side called Bartholomew, it is very lucky to call him out of the family altogether. The Saint wud purtect him from all evil and harm, and he would grow up a credit to us, and how do we know but the Saint will bring all sorts of luck to us for calling the child after him." Donald thought there was no use saying anything, so they agreed to call him Bartholomew. Bat., as he was now called, grew strong, was as healthy as a fish, his father said ho had a terrible appetite, but his mother said the poor lamb scarcely eat anything. When ho was four years old, the boys said he was as ugly as if he was made for spite. Mrs. Branigan said he was not like uuyuue ueiunging to ner. uonaia saia ne was not like anyone belonging to him, as all the Branigans were good-looking. Mrs. Branigan said they were were not half so good-looking as her people, not to le compared in the one day with them. Here Donald left her ; ho knew it was no use his saying anything. "When Bat. was seven years old, his mother made him a suit of clothes, something in the Garden of Eden style, with a cap like a horse's nose-hag. When he put it on, the top hung down his back. Bat's cap and stomach had ahout the same measure of capacity : when he could shake the full of the cap of apples, or gooseberries, or currants, he had exactly what he could eat, and no mor«. If any of the neighbours aßked him to have his duvnet, everything in the shape of eatables dis- appeared as hy magic. He never was satisfied if he was after rising from his dinner and the wind blew down his throat, ho was ready to go through the same procesa again with an appetite as sharp as a razor. He was sent to school, where he learned to read and write. He was corrected ahout four times each day. Before the master commenced to correct him he always roared that he could be heard a quarter of a mile off. The master' gave him up at last as a bad job, and said his hones were sore welting at him. He left Behool to help his' father on the farm in the day, but in the night it was hard to tell where he was j sometimes in the morn- ing his clothes appeared as if they had been pulled out of the river j at other times covered with mud. It wns whispered about that Tom Hanley and ho were alwayB poaching or fishing, but no one had teen thom. Bat and Tom only laughed when they heard it. They snared haTes and rabbits by the dozen in the Earl of Mossfield's Domain. Charley Koe, the wood- ranger, could never catch them. In the close season they scarcely left a salmon in the river ; they watched the fords in the day time, and if they saw any fish on the red they went in the night and killed them. They watched the water keepers, and the waterkeepers watched them: if the one was up the river the other was down, and vice versa. One day Bat spied a lot of cattle on the grass, as he called the fish, and was determined to have them in the night himself. Justas he got into tho river, the waterkeepers came on the bank and ordered him out of the riverland told him they would summon him. The punishment was from seven days to three months for an old offender being caught in the river with a weapon in his hand to destroy fish, but Bat had his weapon under his coat, and the waterkeepers did not see it. He was summoned to the petty sessions, and appeared when called, charged with being illegally in the river fishing. The clerk of the court asked him was he guilty or not guilty. " How do you plead ?" " Well, your riveronces," says Bat, " I was like if I was fishing, but I was not, if you can under- stand that." Here the chairman asked him " How do you plead ?" " Well, your honor, I am pladin' as hard as I can, and if I was not afraid of bringin* a blush on the cheek of the innocent dear at home I would tell you all ahout it." The clerk of the court asked Bat if he was guilty of the crime he was charged with. " Sure I will plade for their honors to-nite if they will let me." " Well," said the chairman, " let us hear what you have to say." " Well, your honors, the wife thought long for a fish, and to please her I just went into the water to have it to say I had been. Is it me kill a fish ? No, I would not kill a sprat for the world, and I defy the keepers to say T had a fish." After a little consultation, the chairman told Branigan as his wife thought long for a fiBh, and to please her he went into the river, but got none, and us he was never up before, he would dismiss the case. Bat left the court directly. The clerk rose np, turned to the Bench, and told them Branigan was a single man, never had been married. After a little time they had a laugh among themselves, and the matter ended. His father could do nothing through infirmity, and had to sit hy the fire on a chair. He could walk a few steps with a stick in each hand, so he * gave Bat charge of the farm. Bat took great pro caution to secure himself against all evil. He nailed a horseshoe on the wall of the cowhouBe, to keep the fairies from olfshooting the cows ; he drove a nail in the churndash for fear the cows would lose their butter ¡ he hung a branch of palm I to the roof of the house to keep all sorts of sickness from the inmates. One morning he was working on the hare's track when a reporter from the .Farmers' Gazette, who was taking notes on the yield of the crops, came up to him, and bade him good morning. , " Good morrow, kindly," said Bat. " Whom have I the pleasure of addressing ?" " My name íb Branigan, sor, a dacent name it is," Here he stopped, and looked np at the sky. " I think it will snow, sor." The repoiter said it was rather early in the season , for snow, but it might come any time. He took , some paper out of his pocket and commenced to < take notes in shorthand,-" I see you have got äome ground turned up waiting for the action of the frost." , ] " Yes, sor, I have the Beardy Bank and the Jen- kin Loop plowed behind the house, but it is not ( well dun, as Sally knocked litenin' out of the swingle-threes sometimes, and she nearly dun for . Paddy Quirk's mare by breakin' six of her ribs, i With a fling she cleared the greth (harness) off her, I ony the collar that was stickin' on the top of her head that was facin' me to see was I watchin' her." The repoiter asked him, "When was this field we are standiug in ploughed ?" " Is it when was this field plowed ? Why yer the greatest fool in all Ireland. Don't ye see the owl sow hoked this field. Why, sor, she'd hoko all the land frum here to the gates of Darry iv she got the chance. We rung her wan day, and that ony dun moro harm than good, for the ring Berved the purpose of a cooter. She was bad enough before, for her nose which ißthe length of a blackthorn dun for a sock, and her lugs for the mowlboards. Why a think a'll get her pay tented and a'll stick a piece of paper on her back, with this printed on it-' New invenshion for plowin. Pull partyculars from the owner of this pig.' Why man she is the greatest rogue iver ye met ; there is not a pratie field for miles round but she has a trick at. Why, she is as wise as a Christian : for fear her tracks been seen she will go on her knees at them." When he had finished speaking he came up alongside the reporter, looked at the notes-"a jemminy, that íb the devilishest ritin I ever seen. Why don't you go to Behool and learn to rite like a Christian?" The reporter here explained to him that he could take aa many notes on a few sheets of paper as would fill the side of a newspaper ; that the Boyal Farming Society of Ireland was trying to introduce an improved set of farming implements among the i tanners. Bat said he could see them on the paper : there was spades, shovels, picks, ploughs, with the han- dlea turned down to the ground, a harrow with one leg, augers, chisels, braces and bits of all shapes. " Lor," said Bat, " you must be a genius to make all them tools while I was talking." With a shake of the hand the reporter hade him good-bye, hoping his patent would be crowned with success. Bat hurried home as fast as possible, and told his father the Boyal Farming Society of Ire- land was going to bestow a new set of farming tools on all the farmers in Ireland. The old man doubted what Bat told him, hut Bat said the gentleman made the lot while he was speaking to him. Bat wanted timber to make a gate for hie garden, and he asked Tom Hanly to go with him to cut a stick m Earl Mossfield's plantation. Tom told him it was madness to think of such a thing. If thay were caught they would be sent across the salt water. " Oh, yes," said Bat, " when I want I you to do anything there is nothing but salt water. I When I helped you to take Davy Jones's turf when you had not a sod to put on the fire, there was nothing about salt water ¡ but it was no sin to take them from him, anyhow." Tom consented to go. Bat told him they would i go next evening an hour before sundown, when 1 Charley Roe was at home, as he was sure to be out i after dark, so they would be away before he came Iout. , Next evening they went to the plantation, cat down a stick, and had it ready to carry away, when they spied the Earl walking toward them with two hugo bull-dogs, one before him, the other at his side. " Let us run," says Tom. "No use," said Bat, "the dogs would catch ub." "Saints in glory," said Tom, "but yourself and the Btick is the unlucky pair. I knew something would happen. I dramed last night I was killing a policeman. We are good for the salt water." When the Earl came up, he asked them what they were doing. Bat told him they were cutting a stick on Earl Mossfield's ground to make a little asses' cart. If the Earl was there himself he would not say a word tothem,a8 he wasthoreal Irish gcntloman, so wasall the Earls that was before him-the real ould stock ¡ but he is the best of the lot. " But what have you to do with it ? It is you and the likes of you that has Ireland as it is. There will never be luck or grace in it as long as the likes of you is in it. But the earl-he is the real gcntloman : sure the blood in his veins is as pure as spring weather. The whole country is dying about him. Sure we would drown ourselves for him if ho bid us." The Earl told them to take the stick with them, but not to come back there any more, and left them. They hoiBted the stick on their shoulders and carried it off. When they got about half way homo they laid the stick on the ground. Bat jumped with joy, threw his hat in the air, kicked it coming down, told Tom he was the greatest coward on the face of the globe, that he was afraid of his own shadow; hut Bat he was not afraid of all the demons in the earth or out of it. Then he sung Once we were elegant people, But now live in cabins of mud ; All the land that you see from the steeple Belonged to us all from the flood. " Yes the land is ours if we had our rights the day will como when we will get our rights, and then the Earl and the likeB of him will have to clear out." They now hoisted the stick on their shoulders and carried it home. Bat did not bo much as thank Tom for helping him, which greatly irritated Tom, he was so stingy. Tom had a terrible head of hair -something like the top of a palm tree. When he shook his head he would frighten a goat off a tether. Tom determined he would shake a bag of Bat's apples, and so the next night he went to the garden, took off his boots, climbed up the tree, put his bag'in a fork of the tree, and commenced to pull vigorously. It happened on this particular night that the " ould sow" did not come home for her supper. Perhaps she was ploughing as usual. Bat searched the whole place over, but could not find her when he carne home : he thought ho would search the garden, so he opened the gate and went in. As soon as Tom heard him he was in a terrible fix. For fear of being caught ho got down out of the tree as fastas possible, stripped off all his clothes but his shirt and walked towards Bat, When Bat heard the noise he began to ejaculate, " Ha, I have got you-you thief, I will pay your hide." Here he stopped for some time without stirring, then stooped down, put Tom between him and the sky, Tom shook his head but remained still for a minute and then kept shaking his head every few seconds. At last Bat turned and run-when ' he got into the house he fainted. His mother threw water on his face, slapped the palms of his hands, scratched his nose, did every- ' thing she could for him. At last ho began to revive, and in about three hours he was able to , tell them he had Been a ghost. 'Mrs. Branigan blessed herself ; then enquired what it was liko. Bat told her it was Paddy Cullen that had died ' about a week before, but he had grew a terrible , size since he died. Here he gave a shudder. < " The villian," said Mrs. Branigan, " he is not done with bia tricks yet. ( The next day it was rumoured about that Bat i had seen a ghost, so Tom went to hear ahout it- i He found Bat at home, very forlorn-looking. Tom asked him what was the matter. Bat told him he ( had seen a ghost last night in the garden. Tom , told him he must be mistaken. No, he was not ; he had seen Paddy Cullen. Tom told him ' he was Billy to let such notions into his , head. Bat said he was sure he saw him, as he would i know his skin on a bush. Tom asked him what he was like ; Bat said his legs was as thick as two ' bags of oatB, his body the size of a large hogs- , head ; his head was like a forkfull of straw, the wind blowing it in all directions ; and if ' he grew for the next twelve months the same as he had done since ho died he would be larger than all , the Cullens ever was in the world if they were all i in one. Tom advised him to stay in for a few ' nights, as he was sure to appear three times in the ' same place, " And, aB you and him was bad friends . before he died, it would be better to keep out of his way for a while till he gets better acquainted where he is gone to. He might never come back . again when he gets settled properly." 1 The next night Tom gathered a dozen of his companions, took them to Bat's garden, and gathered in the harvest in a workmanlike manner. About a week after the last event Tom asked Bat had he pulled all his apples. " Is it the apples pulled? Why them thieves of Fianigan's have not left me as much as a skin. They have left the trees as clean as a new pin." ", Tom told him he might be mistaken. Bat said there was no one about but them that would do it, but he would pay them honestly. In the course of a short time Bat got married,, gave up rambling at night, and became a respect- able member of society. Tom Stanley joined the constabulary, got promoted to sergeant, so now, reader, we must bid him adieu. 