The Novelist, TRACK OF THE STORM. A. NOVEL Bx DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "The Broken Seal, &o.;, &e.;, &o.; [Published in Queensland byspccinl arrangement. .. . All lights reriervej.j Chaptbb IX.—Thkiti Soif-IX-LAW. • r° say JooMunsters's words -were a Bhock to the good man who listened to them, is to give a very poor idea cf the rector's feelings when hie heard that Jack still lived. In a moment he thought of Lucy—of Lucy and her -wedding day bo near! " Ho' grew absolutely pale. He stared at Joe, who with his shaking hands now commenced to draw out a letter. ' . " How do you know ?" at last faltered tho rector. "Because hchas writ ton," answered Joe, with his clammy lips. "It's his own .hand writing, there it no mistake. He's had brain fever and been in a hospital at Lisbon. He was picked 'up at sea by ah outward-bound ship* and his head was hur t, and they put in at Lisbon and left him there.# 4 iNb one knew who he was, and he coold not tell them, and he has lain there over since; but he's come round now." •' 1 • •« :: V And you mean to tell me the letter is from Jack—from Jack himself ?" " From Tack himself. You may read it." And Joe held out a letter written on foreign paper; but the handwriting was not foreign— the rector also knew it well—the familiar hand writing of Jack STunstbrs. The.rector, with a strangely moved heart, read;. My dear Joe,—By this time I dare say you have given up all hope of ever seeing me again. I can scarcely, believe my senses < when I find what day and what month this is, and remember that nearly two months have passed away that have been utterly blank to me. You know, of course, the poor little Lucy foundered on the morning of October 9, almost in sight' of the Northumbrian coast. For days we had liud bad weather, and the yacht was terribly strained, nud we were try ing to make for North wick harbour when the tremendous gale of the 8th and uth caught us, and I soon saw all hope was over. I. shall never forget the morning of the 9th, when the dawn broke over the wild sea, and I knew as the wave9 swept the deck, and the poor little Lucy quivered under the mass of water, that we would never see the land. I wrote u message as I stood there, looking death in the face, and placed it in a bottle. I wonder if tho sea ever carried it home. I thought of you all. you may be sure, in this, which I truly believed was my last horn*. I told the men to prepare them selves for the worst, and some of them lashed themselves to spars, and some took life-belts. No boat could live in such a sea, but we tried to launch one, and as we were doing thistwo tremen dous waves lapped over the yacht, and she settled down and never rose again. As I felt her going I leaped into the sea, and found myself struggling in the huge waves. I looked round for the otherpoor fellows, and I saw Rails ton, who nlso had a life-belt. I had one, but I did not see any hope. I was carried on and on — whirled T on, nitlier, like a feather in the air—until I become unconscious, and I remember nothing more distinctly until I found myself lying in the hospital here, as an unknown sailor picked up by a French ship at sea. The Frenchman put in at Lisbon to coal; but the crew could give no account of me except that they tried in the gale to run for shelter to Northwick harbour, but gave up the attempt, and some time during the morn higof tho 9th; I was seen floating close to the ship, and the sailors succeeded in saving me. My head struck against the ship's side, however, as they dragged me up, and was badly hurt, and I remained qmto insensible during the rest of the voyage, and they left me here. I have been at death's door here I am told, with brain fever, and am still very ill. But I have my senses all right again, and remember everything up to the time when the Lucy went down. Please take this letter to the rector, Joe, and when you write or come, tell me how they all are, and tell them X hope now soon to see tnem again. "Were any of the other fellowspicked up .' I see poor Railston* face still, as I saw it lost amid the surging sea! I trust to hear that he or at least some of them are saved, as there was a ship uot far off when the Lucy foundered. And send me some money please, at once—£100—I sluill want some to give the good people here who have been so kind to me. Ann with love and kind regards to old Madge, I remain, your affectionate brother, J. MUXSTERS. The letter was dated from a hospital in Lis bon afewdaya back, and as the rector returned it to Joe, he said almost solemnly: " So God has spared poor Jack's life, then— well, I am glad, I am glad!" And he turned away his head. Aid he was glad—how could ho hut he glad that .the bright young face ho remembered since Jack was a hoy had not gone down amid the cruel sea! But Lucy ? -The rector's heart was strangely disturbed within him, thinking what it wo9 now right to do. But one day oil her wedding day! . And yet not to tell her— that her friend, her lover, whom the had so passionately mourned—still lived! The rector, in truth, could not decide. He looked at Joe, i and nsked again for the letter. I "Maylshow it to Mrs. King?" he said, and Joe nodded his head and sat disconsolately down, feeling as if he had been defrauded of the goods and chattels whose possession had been so pleasant to him. . . His eyes happened-to fall on the sleeve of his black coat, and a sickly grin distorted his lips. All the expense he had gone to for nothing! He had ordered a tombstone, audit was coming home this week; if poor Jack's ghost had ar rived instead of his letter, it could not have created uiore consternation in the heart of Joe! . In the meanwhile Mr. King had gone to his wife's bedroom, where he found her on her knees arranging some finery, in a trunk in the expectation of her journey next day. :She look up and smiled as her husband went in. " I hope our now son-in-law will admire my bonnet,", she said;I expect Louisa will say my whole dress is too juvenile—hut what matter, we need not to bo so afraid of Louisa now!" ... "Felicia;" began therector, almost in afalter ing voice,the strangest tliiughas happened." "What has happened ?"iasked Mrs. King, sharply, still on her knees. • " Joe Munsters has had a letter—a letter from Jack himself—Jack is alive, and is in a hospital at Lisbon." Mrs. King sprang to her feet, and her com* plexion .suddenly faded. . ; 44 Xo!" she cried, grasping her husband's arm; 44 I can't believe it—I don't beiiere it— this is just seme mistake, like the other." x. 44 This is no mistake, here is the leiter; read it yourself." Then Mrs. King read theletier, and as she did so knew there could be no mistake this time. Jack Monsters was all re, and she now also thought of Lucy. "And Lucy;" asked the rector, with a falter ing tongue. 44 Lucy! What has Lucy to do with it?" quickly answered Mrs. King, and her colour swiftly flushed back into her cheeks. 44 Lacy is to he married the day after to-morrow—what is this young man now to her;" " We biow what he once was—the question ] is, should she be told 41 Certainly not, James, most certainly not! What? Tell her the very day before her marriage, and unsettle her for no purpose ; It would be madness to do so—you must see it would be madnessI" 441 can't make up my mind," said the rector, j with a restless sA: " Lucy was, no coubt, Tesy fond of poor Jackr' '* Yet she could accept sntuher man fire or Lucy, like the rest of girls, was pleased to have i a Jots*, and young Sfunsrens; was next dcoc. James, do not breathe a -word of this to anyone I until after tie marriage, at leas:!" %4 It may lead to mischief." said the rector, uneasily. 44 Whatmrvhief can it lead tor Without behaving most dishonourably, Lucy could not .break o5 with Sir WtHism mrfey now- ' Just think of ^ the disgrace, the scandal, if she attempted to do such a thing. I am certain Louisa would never speak to any of us again if she even attempted it: and don't forget what -we owe Louisa, and all the debts and troubles, James, that Lucy's marriage I hoped would end." , 44 My dear, it is s good marriage for her— bet sail " 44 And young Munsters's was a shocking marriage, even at the best!" interrupted Mrs. King, etgedy. "And, Jamas, don't forget &e; was not engaged to him—there -was really -nothrrg between them but a foolish nutation, which I hoped the sea had ended, and I wish it had!" "Don't say that, Felicia, we must be glad 1 resy deep love, as you say, her forgetting him | so soon." 44 My dear, Lucy likes the world, and i H pleasure, a great deal better £$ie ever Hked Jack Munsters. She made a ridiculous fuss when he was supposed to hare died, but Iknew vesyweH, and Louisa knew rery well, if tmee she were thrown into society bixw, her supposed love for this young man -would soaa be forgotten. Say, Ism certain, James, she would not thank you for telling her the day before her wedding- day that her old iover "was stSl alive. She might think it necessary to shed a few tears, and Lucy would not care to appear whh red eyes and s dis figured face." "u Well, perhaps you are right—it micht un settle her—it might be unjust to Sir ft tiHam Harder: she has chosen him of her own accord: no one forced her into it" 44 Certainly so one forced into it. Louisa fsri she is delighted, quite radiant. My dor, do tabs my adoce about this, don't dis turb and disness the poor gzri. the day before her wedding-day." The racial hesitated a moment or two longer, and then decided no: to tell Lucy. "As you say. it would make such a tre mendous fuss," he said, 44 aady our sister would never fungi* e us if Lucy broke off the Tnvtrb —but I don't think she would do that f" 44 lam Bare she would not, and zt would only make everyone unaomfortshle for nothing to tellher this wonderful story. Waa she is Lady Haricy she wf3 receive the news quite coolly, you will see." The rector said noting more. He went downstairs again, and found Jce thinking of the hundred pounds of poor Jack's moneywhich he would be forced to send him, but which same how seemed to Joe as if it were abstracted from his own pocket. 44 Will yon go to Lisbon for him, Jce r" new asked the reetcr. 44 Ko," said Joe. siowiy,4* it would only in crease the expense, and what good wHI it do i I will write." 44 Yes. And Joe," hesitated the rector 4< I wouldn't tell him any news that -would be likely to disturb him. you know; best not mention Lucy's -wedding, I think: but give our kindest regards to him, and say how pleaset we shad all be to »ae him again." 44 Yes," said Joe; and he~ stared at the rector blankly. He had had no intention of msraoning Lory's wadding: had m fact forgotten all about it in the ovspowcring shock of losing possessor of the lands of Lee. And af^r he was gone the rector triad to j fgrflf- again to his work, but it was whh an ] uneasy miad. Mrs. King also fee; greacy dis at me unfortunate reappearance of Jack Vrnep% But the husband end wife did not speak cc it any more, xney avoided the scrnect m fact, and settee on thsir journey to town on d^e fallowing morning, aHke Trrrrrnr ox it, but in sdlfnrtft. StiS the rectrr bought his wife's advise had been right when he saw Lnry. They ar: J * cd at Mrs, Crxzdey-Forhss's house at Queen's Gate, about half-past 7 o'clock, and Lucy, escaped far dWw ir her tresy gown, ran down she broad st&irsase; to Teaore fsrhfT gdmout?, and though she V™—her I mnrirfr ursu ga-lingered lurwc inherfpfbp-'s ] ansa 44 WcH," add ut reemr hnstiiy, for I he was not a htne aguaied. **\& me look c j yon, try cauSzm." And he held heralirae away tram htm and licked in her iatr fa"** Thse wee no apparent «grnf -met of j or 44 She is a hsveh* women." her 1 -=nrxnr^rr - ** and I hope sad ssc we art; srr^r ig da bee." And it did seem, indeed too late to, speak to the gid now of -liar old lover- Lucy* sho red them all the valuable weeding presents she had received and her trousseau, and said with some of her old saudness: '• ilv new stepson called on me yesterday— a fine-crown young man of 26!" There was something hollow and mocking in her laugh, her father noticed, as she said mis, and indeed in her whole manner. And when the rector saw Sir William Harley, somehow it did not mak* him feel more content regarding his daughter's future happiness. Sir William arrived to dme at Queen's Grate at half-past S o'clock, and be introduced to the parents of his bride- And the great disuanty between their ages struck the rector witn un pleasant force. Bat Sir was apparently quite uncon scious of this At once the- rector's shrewd, I ; is xie lcxter, read iz hnmccvers brora eves perceived as vhat ex cellent terms Vith hlmsslfhis ruthr* son-in-law evidently teas. ;. ; '_ i 44 I have much plaasare is m&Hng; your ae- ( ccsintaaee," he said, sharrsg iff. "King's j hand; 4*saa, ah—3£rs. King's. ^ Ton see Lucy I ana I -were determined not to delay our happi ness. *^"e did not believe -with Pope. Hr. Ehg—sh—oi course, yon knov ihe qucta riou^— Ko—eh—human ties should consolidate lore, in my opinion, and I betters it is <©.'* "We must hope so, at all events," smiled the rector a little grimly. "What does the "bride sayr*' ashei.her mother, -with playfulness. 44 The bride declines to discuss the subject," said Lacy. "Here is Atmt Louisa at last. Ten gocd people"—and she looked at her farijer and mother—44 must be dying of hunger. I am sure r" 