TIIEAT II CAL NOTES. [Br THEISrs.] On Monday evening Mr. C. F. Searlo, who was a member of the Digby Wil loughby Dramatic Company, will give his experience of the stage, which should prove highly interesting. At Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday evening last, " In the Ranks" was presented for the 78th time, and in commemoration of the event visitors each had a chance of participating in a prize distribution, in which the chief gift was a gold keyless hunting watch. The theatre was crowded from floor to ceiling, and the popular play was never received with more enthusiasm. At the conclusion of the marriage scene AMr. George Rignold scopped before the curtain, and was re ceived with prolonged applause. He said hle was a proud man to stand there ais part lessee and manager of that noble building, and lie cordially thanked the Sydney play going public for tie patronage which had been bestowed upon thie theatre. The Holloway Dramatic Company are now appearing in Shakespeare's Twvelfthi Night " at the Ilijou Theati'e, Melbourne. Referring to the first performance the Age says ; There is nothing in the part of Viola upon which an actress of talent could hope to found a reputation, but this personage is one of the most eharming of the great dramatist's feminine creations, and its delicate attributes have attracted the sympathetic study of most of the great queens of English comedy. It has been aptly said of the love of Viola, that it is " the sweetest and tenderest emotion that ever informed the heart of the purest and most grateful of beings with a spirit almost divine." It thus haplpens that tile actress who essays the character usually finds it more easy to satisfy the eye than the understanding. Miss Essie Jonyns may be complimented on her graceful and agree able portrait of Viola, and upon her in telligent conception of the character. The embroidered jacket and greaves, the snow camisaand the jeweled cap of the Grecian dress of Duke Orsino's page form ia highly picturesque costume, and Miss Jenyns wore it with a dignity and grace belitting the disgused lady. As regards thle portrayal of the clharacter, its deficiencies were on the side of lack of sensibility and failure to bring out its natural proportions the feminine timidity which is the constant accompaniment of Viola's assumed male garb. Thd Pall Maoll Gazettlle's latest enterprise was to address letters to English actors and actresses inquiring whether they were afflicted by the demon of superstition. The only replies worth much vwere from Mr. J. L. Toole and M. Marius. Toole wrote: " In reply to your inquiries I beg to say that, like Madame lernhardt, I have also my 'pet aversions.' Chief among them are audiences that do not see my jokes ' with half an eye,' though I never saw 'half an eye myself,' but you know the old saying. Madams Patti, you Eay, believes in ' the evil eye." There seems to be a run on eyes just now, the most profitable one being, oddly enough, two--namely, 'A Pair of Black Eyes.' I never came across what you call an evil eye.' If I did, I think I should cross-I mean 'dot' it. As for 'some artists,' as you say, 'believing in ghosts' let me tell you that every artist believes in ghosts, and more particularly in one that walks regularly once a week. I have much faith in omens. The beat omen of good business which I lknow of is when I am passing Toole's Theatre at about a quarter to 7, and I see a crowd of people right across the street waiting for the doors to open. That is a good omen." M. Marius replied to the same quury: "I thank God I have no superatitious of any kind, and will give you af, w exiamples of my theories-1. I would rather produce a successful play on a Friday than a bad one on Saturday. 2. 1 would rather receive £13 than £12 at any time. 3. I would rather sit down 13 to a good dinner than 12 to a badone. , I do not believe in unlucky theatres or unlucky actors, but I believe in a good play well acted drawing good houses, wherever it may be. 5. If there is one superstition I have it is to get the best of everything at the cheapest rate." 