Tiif.Ue is a new Shakspeare revival on the Melbourne stage, and it 13 beginning its course prosperously. Whether or not the crowds who are flocking to sec Miss Essie Jeuyns and her principal supporters would not go with equal alacrity to see tho last rubbish remodelled from the French may be opon to discusslou ; but it is, perhaps, safest to assume that no play will succeed unless it is well put ou the stage and strongly east, and that it must be a vory poor play which will fall flatif it has these advantages. Meanwhile there is no doubt that Romeo and Juliet is just now a rueccss, that the audience is constantly on the alert to detect and applaud clever renderings, and that tho house fills almost to overflowing. The experience is not unprecedented in Melbourne. Mrs. Scott- Siddons drew very well foj a time-, in Shakspeare, as Srifvau' and Missf Gene vieve Ward a few after her, arirq JXr. Locke Richardsbn, who put his audience to tho moat difficult test of all, suc ceeded in attracting crowds without the accessories of pretty women and rich dreses and elaborate stage scenery. We rish it j- were possiblo to infer from all this that there were chances of success for . a house which played uothiug but Shakspeare and now and again a few pieces by some of those authors, from Ben Johnson to Sheridan, whom it is not absolutely profane to name in the same sentence with Shakspeare. The truth we fear is that, although Shakspeare can be revived now and again successfully after an interval of oblivion, and is ' never absolutely ruinous, his greatest master pieces do little more than pay expenses, except when they are acted in London or 'New York by some great master of effect like Fechter or Henry Irving. . A piece of the day, sometimes it may be an extravaganza of genius like IVtienca or The Mikado, but more often absolute trash like Struck Oil or Dorothy, will run three hundred nights,, where .The Merchant of Venice or Hamlet runs thirty. ' The result, of course, is that the manager who catches tho trick of his time, and has the knack of discovering popular rubbish, fills his houses to over flowing and makes a fortune, while the manager with high aims is barely able to pay his way. Practically the result is that Shakspeare is only now and again put on the stage to fill up a gap or as an experi ment, It may bo doubted even if bis plays would exhibit as much vitulity as this if thu play-going public did not hear from time to timu of what is being achieved in " Londou. Tho report of a success in the Strand stimulates curiosity iu Melbourne. With whom does tho blame lie ? A good deal undoubtedly with the public, or, may we not fairly say, with human nature ? The Greeks had a muguificent theory that it was the province of tragedy to purify the mind by exhibitions of passion and . pity, but wo who tuko the busiuess of lifo a little more seriously thau the idlers of Athens canuot endure to be in a state of tension during the hours of relaxation. Wo do not want the passions to be purified, but the mind j to be amused. The world has lately been told "how the greatest scientific man of his-day, Charles Darwin, was an insatiable derou'rer' of novels of all kinds, good, flimsy and bad, with the single reservation that he could not bear those which ended unhappily. Prince Bismurok, whom his contemporaries credit chiefly with grim earnestness, is said to bo au especial udmirorof the sensational novel, in which 'ho criminal is run to curth by a detec tive. Smaller men may cheerfully shelter themselves under these authorities, aud admit that when they go to tho theatre they go : to see ridiculous situations or to hear Binart 'talk, and thai, it is rather a convenience than a disadvantage ' if tho attention can wander at times without much being lost-. Tho disadvantages of Sliukspeare's plays for a public of this sorb are that they are too solid, too archaic, aud too much iu the grand style. Some of tho most genuine admirers of George Eliot feel that Adam Bede or Eomola is not exactly the book for an idle hour. Ono is almost harassed by a seuso of responsibility in reading pages where every sentence is pregnant with meaning, and where one is lorced to read with the brain as well as with the eye ; still, George Eliot has the great advantage for us that she has lived in our own times, was interested in our politics and fashious, and speaks our language. Shakspeare comes to us with every drawback. The text is corrupt ; the allusions are often such as only a historical student can understand ; and the philosophy is sometimes Neo- Platonic and sometimes borrowed from Montaigne, but is never trivial. If it were not that so much of all the great plays has passed into the language, so that' we are continually struck by a familiar line, the difficulty of feeling at home when Shakspeare is acted would be even greater than it is for the average man. There is scarcely an instance, if there be one, where a play that, is not constantly- quoted can be revived' with any chance of success. Even the cos tumes and situations, though they have the charm of quaintness, weary a little by being unfamiliar. The mind cannot accept all that is seen or heard uncriti cally. It has to reconstruct for itself the Verona of the 13th or 14th century, and to transplant itself into a society where violent and uureasoning passion was not regarded as extravagance, but as the fine outcome of a gentle nature. Romeo forgetting Juliet in a minute, Juliet transformed from the girl into the ardent mistress by a night's wooing, are so com pletely Italian in conception that we have to go back with them into mediaeval Italy as Shakspeare went. Some of the blame if Shakspeare is not appreciated undoubtedly rests with the actors of the day. It has been said very finely, and we believe very truthfully, by one of our most suggestive essayists that the stage has never contributed a single important fact to the interpretation of any great play. John Kemble, it is true, anticipated Heine in making revenge rather than avarice the key note of Shy- lock's temperament, but Kemble did it in a half hearted ineffective way which did not convince the reason of his audiences. What one has a right to expect of men and women constantly trying to imper- sonate the great creations of the dramatist is that they should be perpetually thinking out new points, and distinguishing them selves by little differences from their pre- . decessors. Tho reverse is notoriously the case. The stage has its traditions, wnich uro almost inalterable, and the actor, how ever eminent, who changes the accent on a word, or is quiet where his predecessors have beeu vehement, approaches the innovation in the spirit of Hawthorn's fanatic who committed the sin against tho Holy Ghost. For secondary characters the traditional rules which experts form for themselves are pro bably good enough. For complex characters — and all Shakspeare's great characters are intensely complex — no criticism can be too subtle or far reach ing. The American sculptor, Mr. Story, published an essay not many years ago upon Lady Macbeth, which was a complete reconstruction of the character, and which was, at least, more probable than the traditional view. Mr. Story conceived her, not as a woman of blood and iron, all cruelty and heartlessness, but as a nervous, impulsive woman, whose one damning sin it was to be passionately ambitious, but who flinched from the actual crime because a memory of her father interposed, and who broke down under a sense of guilt, while her stolid husband, who would never have conceived tho deed, hardened with success. Let tho stage throw lights of this kind upon Shakspeare, let its best actors dare to be original, and we venture to predict that some of the apathy, which soon suc ceeds to interest when a play is witnessed time after time, will be exchanged for intelligent enthusiasm. It is "the dead "hand" of bygone times on the stage that freezes the spectator. In the category of things which society at large has come to regard as Neither wholly true nor wholly false, we suspect we should bo not far wrong iu assigning a place to Mesmerism. There is far too much evidence in favor of the genuineness of such curious phenomena us Professor Kennedy- is exhibiting with so much success ou the stage of the Open \ Honso to admit of their being rejected as hambug ; but, on the other hand, we should be verymuch surprised if Professor Kennedy could giro a rational explanation of thcin, such as would satisfy the sceptics of the dress circle. It is con trary to the ascertained laws of phy siology that people to all appearance wide awake and in possession of their mental faculties should have needles and pins stuck in their cars and buttocks without feeling pain, or suffer all the agonies of toothache when they aro perfectly free from it; neither docs our experience jus tify the belief that any person out of a Innatic asylum can really imagine him self to be made of glass, or mistake a broomstick for a fiddle or a fishing rod. At the same timo it is an equal tax upon our credulity to supposo that a number of respectable householders, who aro known to their fellow citizens for their gravity and sobriety, should lend themselves to promote the success' of an imposture in which they necessarily play a conspicuously ridiculous part. Even if Professor ICennody did not solemnly vonch for his honesty, the precaution that he takes to establish his character by the selection of a committee of observa tion to watch his proceedings on belip'.f , of the audience are sufficient to n.fc-..o. any attempt to impose on them a very risky piece of business. Besides, he is nhlo if ho pleases to invoke the testimony of far better qualified judges than himself in support of his claims. Under the name of Hypnotism, Mesmerism is now as familiar to the man of science as any , other abnormal state of the mind or body — as' catalepsy or somnambulism, for instance. The investigations of such men as Ashburner, Gregory and Baird, which have received the assent of determined doubters like Carpenter and Huxley, have completely lifted it out of the region of charlatanry; and, indeed, thero are not wanting sanguino experimenters who believe that it is destined to do for a rational psychology what chemistry did for alchemy, and astronomy for astrology — namely, clear up many a mystery that at present darkens the , laws of our being, and put the doctrine of the Soul upon a genuinely scientific basis by discovering the missing link between it and (he body. For example, it is an immense advance upon the common phy siology of the schools to be fnrnished with proofs that mind is such an omnipotent factor in determining the states of the body that a patient can bb rendered in sensible to corporal pain simply by being told that he does not feel it. But for the experiments of the Hypnotist, who would have thought that a man could swallow twenty or thirty grains of cayenne pepper, or havo his leg bored with a gimlet without being con scious of any uuusual sensation? The same effect is produced by chloroform no doubt ; but the sleep of chloroform is very different from the hypnotic sleep. Chloroform is a narcotic poison producing easily detcoted physiological symptoms; but the hypnotised patient is dependent solely upon his imagination, and upon no outside foreign body whatever, for his anaesthesia. For it is unnecessary to remind the student that the idea of his being suffused with a stream of animal magnetism through the finger tips of the operator is entirely given up by the cognoscenti. To Br. Baird, of Manchester, belongs the credit of dissipating this popular error by showing that no operator is necessary at all' to produce the mesmeric sleep, which can be sClf-induced by fixing the attention .on a crystal, or a penny piece, or any similar object. The operator comes on the field after the sleep, which is not the ordinary sleep of the senses, but a trance, has taken effeot, and by his Will directs the movements and controls the sensations of his subject in a way that is bo in explicable to the onlooker. In point of faot, it is not so inexplicable as it seems. The condition of the subject is. the condition of a man who is in an ordinary dream, with this difference that the ordinary dreamer believes that he is acting his dream, while he is really lying quiet in his bed ; while ' the hypnotic patient actually and literally does act his. He dreams that he is playing -leap-frog, and in an instant he is jumping over all the chairs and tables on Professor Kennedy's platform. What Professor Kennedy has done is to suggest the idea of leap-frog to his eutrauccd brain, from which it is transmitted to the muscles that carry it out. This is the rationale of the entire performance. Whatever suggestion tlie operator throws out is received and executed almost automatically by lik subjects. Thoy swallow a glass of cod liver oil for wmo because ho suggested the flavor of wine to them, and feel no inconvenience from a dose of capsicum because he tells them it is sugar. By that mysterious law of sympathy which makes twins, for instance, occasionally think and Buffer in common, though ever so far apart, it is sometimes enough for him to think, and not utter his wishes, to produce instant compliance with them. This is the part of the performance, ' indeed, which at present admits of no rationalistic explanation — namely, why one braiu should receive an impression from another without employing the medium of language or sign ; but our ignorance of the process does not discredit tho phenomena which are. tho result of: it. : These phenomena are allied to those of dream ing and somnambulism. The somnam bulist is in advance of, the dreamer because he acts his dreams ; and the sub ject of hypnotism is in advance of the somnambulist because' he ' receives the suggestion to act, not from within, but from a person or source external to him self. What is most puzzling to Professor Kennedy's audience is probably the curious perversion of feeling that he can produce in sorno of his patients. Pepper is hot all the world over ; how is it then they can take pepper without smarting for it? Without going to the bottom of " the mystery, we cau answer the question by asking another, namely — How is it that in some people the sense of pain can be suspended by a determined effort of the will, or by diverting their attention to some other object ? What takes place in both cases is a temporary suspension of consciousness. In both cases, as indeed in all cases of suffering, the sense of pain is in the brain and not in the injured part, and the comatoscd brain cannot of course - feel it, possibly because the supply of nerve fluid to the parts has been cut off or checked by the > new disease— assuming the coma of mes merism to bo like that of chloroform, a diseased condition. The chloroformed patient does not recollect what he suf fered when the operation is over and he is roused frOm his torpor ; neither:do any of Professor Kennedy's victims. Their . hypnotised state is a perfect blank to thsa, like the state of the unmnumhnle; but unlike that of the ordinary dreamer who can recall his dream and the sensa tions it produced without an effort. Even if the mouth .of the peppur-eater shows all the physiological signs of inflammation the sense of pain is absent, because the brain never felt it. Tho samo explana tion holds good of tho sudden rigidity or relaxation of the limbs which form so striking a feature in these experiments. The suggestion of rigidity or relaxation oomes from the operator, the nerves respond to the suggestion, tho muscles obey tho nerves, and the joints are stiffened or loosened till the normal control of them is regained by tho awakened subject. Nothing Rhows more convincingly the part the mind plays in the determina tion of bodily health and disease, or enables us to understand how character is formed by the impressions and impulses wo receive from without. This is the moral lesson taught us poor mortals by an exhibition such as Professor Konnedy is giving us. It is an exhibition that tells us we are "of the imagination all com- " P1CV the phantoms of our-'Own con sciousness, and perhaps sutihi- stuff as dreams are made of ; and tflat while we | Mcn?rSif'L0Ur attentionji/- 10 material I Sulla. Id 61. V r& TrnilHt?' f |>a "EE T;' - Alio Trousers from 45. G<L , ' ana 500. pairs iuon,« cord 1 >i part, which is tho other si#e, '2f!luEi<:iViost influential side too, of matter. Tho physician's drug, the surgeon's knife and the flagellator's whip are the instruments we rely upon to cure our diseases and . hip the offending Adam out of us, when we have all the time got tho vis mcdicatrix within us, which is able to transform degenerato tissue and degenerate character alike, if we were trained to use it. 