NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. The preliminary talk was unimportant, and for the sake of the elect tho time of it was shortened. Mr. Clnrke, ns " quasi" ad viser ot the Grown, thrust his political tongue in his political cheek and informed the Governor that it was timo to once again think nbout sending down that bogus message recommending that provision be nmdc for payment of members. The initia tory acts of this farce were consequently gone through, much to tire gratification of tho guileless. political batlmrinn opposito who takes it all ns real. The effect was to send a ripple of good humor all round tho House and allow business to bo approached without auy of those exhibitions of "eusscdness" which usually delay it. Much to tho surprise of everyone, tho Opposition spruug Mr. Wall upon tho financial statement as soon as that question was mooted. Mr. Wall has a voice that would do credit to a steam rock breaker when in full swing upon a particularly tough job. And last night lie was determined that the House would get tho full benefit of it. The last wo heard of Mr. Wall's performances ns a statesman wns a triumphant report published iu yesterday's papers stating that as a result of prolonged and intricate diplomatic negotiations between liirn and the Government, warming-pans were to bo placed iu second-class railway carriages. Considering the present state of tbc weather, therefore, fried second-class pas senger will be a plentiful commodity on the inland lines, thanks to tho persistent labor of Mr. Wall. From warming-pans, however, Mr. Wall last night went to national finance, Wo listened to him intently for a solid hour and a half upon it, and when it wns nil over our impression was annus sue same as ir wo nau been in the midst of a dozen buzz saws which had just stopped work. One idea, however, we caught in tho diu — namely, that Mr. Wall anticipates very bad times ahead which will cause the Government to expend money thnt thoy now little dream of. Perhaps it is as well that a note of warning should he sounded in regard to this. Look nt the rapid advances in tho price of Hour, with moneyed specu lators still operating for a rise. If Mr. Wall had his way, these would be assisted by a tariff to mako still greater profits out of the scarcity. Let Mudgeo just think over this. Mr. Buchanan followed. His main thesis was to show that a lemon squash shop is not a "manufactory." Mr. Coghlan, the Government Statist, has written a book, Mr. Buchanan Eays, for tho purposo of proving, amongst other absurd things, thnt it is a manufactory. That book, however, he described ns " a bewildering jumble of fallacies glimmering through au atmosphere of incoherence." And yet Mr. Buchanan blames a man for using big words when he calls n place where lemon squashes are made a " manufactory." Of course Air. "Riip.lnnnn rpivnlpfl tlin nlrl orv that tho country is goiug to the dogs because the people are allowed to spend their money as they think best and without State dicta tion. Wo have hoard something of this kind, however, before. Tho country ltns been going to the dogs ever siuce Mr. Buch anan first raised his public voice iu it years aud years ago from a stump somewhere near Morpeth. But he lm3 been round the world two or three times since in search of a better country without find ing one. At all events, ho has always come back here, the attractions of the land o' cakes even proving inferior to his patriotic soul to those of this utterly forlorn and played-out colony of New South Wales. 1 Mr. Copeland followed, and foreseeing the weary hours that were to come the Govern ment members folded their teuts like the Arabs and as silently stole away. But the Opposition would not spare them one moment of the torture. Time after time they had attention called to the empty benches opposite, and on each occasion the unfortunate Balls, Stevcnsons, Hawkeus and Cookcs were brought in by their politi cal ears and compelled to perform their duty of quorum-making if they died under the ordeal. Mr. Copeland candidly admit ted that he intended to make au entirely irrelevant speech and debate ttie old ques tion of freetrade and protection. For this he said the Treasurer would have to bear she blame, as ho was the first who called the fiscal ghost up. Which was simply the truth. By way of prologue, however, ho had au hour or so at the Treasurer's book-keeping, the intention of which was to show that if Mr. Burns' way of presenting the national accounts was a fair one, then the Parkes-Robertson Govern ment whon they went out of office left a deficit of over eleven millions storling The redact to ad absurdum was per fectly just and properly reasoned. Mr- Burns, in his statement of nccount9 makes out virtually that all the money spent tipon n public work is chargeable against the yeur in which tho work was yulcu, uu tuia yiiinjjpiu u jjuruoa 01 His surplus haS been built. Applying tho principlo logically, Mr. Copeland argued that as the Parkes-Robertson Government wheu they went out of office left the country pledged to tho expenditure of over eleven millions on railways the whole of this money should bo charged to that year. Just so. This is- what Mr. M'Millnn calls the Trea surer's " harmless jugglery " with his figures. Mr. Copeland on protection mar bo left to wander along over his o!d-beaton and ex ceedingly tiresome track. We shall not at tempt to accompany him again until he finds a new and less monotonous path. Then Mr. Lakoman, forsooth, with tho hardest word in his cnergctio vocabulary for tho Treasurer. It was rumored that when the Lands' portfolio became vacant Barkis was willin'. Anyhow wo have frequently seen Mr, Lakeman with far less reason rise to apologise for the Government than that with which he got up to so fiercely and bitterly condemn them last night. After Mr. LakemSh, tho appearance of Mr. Frank Smith on the Government side showed that the debate had begun to tail off. Unless it is intended to have Mr. Haw thorne and Mr, Michael Chapman up before concluding, it is timo now tlmt the division, if thero is to be one, was taken, so that the Estimates oan be proceeded with and the' Government begin to show some tangible headway with the session's work. 