THE WESLEYAN CHURCH MEMORIAL STONE. The laying of the memorial stone of the new WTosloyan Church at War ragul, on Friday last, by Mr.. James Copeland, marked an epoh in the history of ~SW4rrau~i, as this is the first edificeofor'church purposes that" has been eredted ii'brick. At half-past 4 o'clock a lrgeumber of residents gathered in thoi icinity of the build ing, adjoiningthe old church, and the clergymen present were the'Reia; A. Jolly, J. Harcourt, Sugden, Adamson, Howard, and F. W. Willcox. , iMr. 'Jolly' opened the proceedings bycalling upon them to sing the 993rd hymn, which ivas ceompanied on the harmonium ,bvy Mr. Alford; and the Rev. F. W. "Willcox read the 84th Psalm, after whii:h the pastor of the church etigaged in"prayer inviting the blessing of the Almighty ipon their work.' He,then in a few well- chosen remarks presented Mr Copelanrid :with a silver trowel bearing the following inscription' i " Presented to.' James Copeland, Esq.,sby the trustees on the occasion i.of .Jia.ilaying.the memorial stone of the W9sleyan Church, War ragiul," h Noiamber 2nd, 1S88," He proceeded to ay that..Mr.. Copeland hadbeeii unaninmously selected to per form this important ceremony, and it was with great-pleasure that he made the "presentation. Mr. Jolly- then ired the following document, which was a copy 'of that placed in seale'd bottle laid under the stone :--.. i This document is placed undeir the Memorial Stone of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, Victoria-street, ,Warragul, laid by, James.Cotpelnd, Esq., J.P.,2ad November, 1888, in the fifty-firat ycar of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; !lis Excellency Sir'H. B. Loch;e K.C.B., G.C.M.G., Governor of Victoria; ,the Rev. J. U. Symons, President of the General Conferences of the Australasian Wesleyan, Methodist Church; the Rev. H. 3Bennett," President of the Victoria and Tasmania Coiference; tlhe Rev. T. Adamson, Chair man of theoGippsland District; the Rev. Alfred Jolly; Minister of the Warragul Circuit; Mr. J. B. Witton and Mr. C. J. Jones, Circuit Stewards; the trustees of this ChurchLire Mo~rs. -James Copeland, Joseph Benjamin Witton, Charles James Jones, Charles Sargeant, Charles Ditterich, and James Matthew Medley; architect, Mr. T. J. Crouch; contractor, Mr. A. D. Preston. With this are placed copies of the daily papers, the " Warragul 'Guardian," " Warragul News," also the "Spectator" and the " Gippsland Methodist," containing a copy of the circuit plan. Mr. James Copeland then declared the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of " The Father, the Son, and thoHeily Ghost." The stone bore the following inscription in sunk letters gilt:-" This memorial stone was laid by Jaume Copeland.Esq., J.P., on Friday, Novoniber 2; 188." ? Mr. Copeland then delivered a shoet address in the course of which he re marked that'he was very sensible of the high honor they had conferred upon him in selecting him to perform this cereemb ny. 'iHehad' not'looked for it; but as one of the oldest Wes loyans in the district he was glad to see so many showing thoir.sympathy, with the ereetion` of the new church, more especially as there were numbers of representatives of other churches present... I He felt that he could not yield to anyone in . loyalty ' to his' church, which he was sure was a friend to all: The motto of his church was " Pirogress,"'and there was no doubt but that the new building would prove of inestimable service. During the latter portion of Mr. Copeland's remarks a thunderstorm had' arisen, and as the wind was bldow ing very hard, carrying' vith it heavy volumes of ý dust, Mr. -Jolly. an nounced that an adjouinment would be made and the remainder of the speeches delivered after tea. The assembly accordingly dispersed after some offerings had been laid upon the' stone. THE TEA MEETING .was held in the. Athenmum at 6 p.m., and attracted a very large attendance, the tables .being presided 'over by Meadames Copeland, Jolly, 'Jones,' Ponting and 8argeant, and' Misses Copeland and Jories, and' they were rewaaded by the manner in which the' dainty edibles dispensed by them were' disposed of. After an interval to allow of the hall being cleared, came the PUBLIC MEETING. The chairman (Rev. Mr. Harcourt), founid that the first item on the 'pro gramme was an address by himself. He had been invited to the meeting as an old friend and ideniity in connec-: tion with Methodism 'in Warragul; but did not expect to be called on to occupy the chair. iHe had no avidity to speak that evening, and conse quently hopled the mnetiig would not expect what was called a speech. He arrived in Victoria in November, 1848 -when !nearly 40 years .of age, and durifig which time he had passed through many: troubles and trials. There were thouen only three Methodist preachers inithe colony, he being in-' eluded in that number. When he; commenced his labors on behalf of the' church .the blacks used to :call: him: " picaninny long-bottom." Hie re-' membered the first gold discovery ini the colony, and the glorious prospects! before the church'by way of sending out preachers- of the gospel to'the' various muning districts;: 'It was at this time,, although receiving a sinall salary, that he marri-ied,' and-when' goods were dear. The first pair of boots lie had repaired cost him fifty, shillings,: which was a lot for, a poor. married man to pay, nevertheless he struggled on, fully trusting in God to, help hith through his troubles. Things' since that time had very much changed. It was not only marvellous Melbourne,; but marvellous "Victoria.' Bdtter. facilities were now offered to preachers of the gospel to lift up the perishing. le spoke of the good work accom. plished by that agency, :and.:narrated1 several striking instances of reforma tiori that' had come under his notice.: Hle well remembered his' advent into Gippsland; starting from Bourke-st.! early in the morning and arriving in' Sale at 4 o'clock next day ; the terrible roads, and especially the "glue pot," when nearing Brandy Creek, which took them seven hours to pass through, and' his reception on arrival. Some years afterwards he was appointed to take charge of the Sale circuit, followed by his election as President of the district. After giving romantic and amusing descriptions of dangers hehad passed through up, to the present time, he concluded a very interesting address by wishing success and prosperity to the new church in Warragul. The choir then sang an anthem. The Rev.. Mr.' Adamson next adi dressed the meeting in a few pithy remarks. He was pleased to see such a large attendance, which showed that the outside publi .appreciated the gooad work. The choir again sang an -anthem; " Incline thine ear." i Rev. Mr. Sngden.then spoke. He thanked the good'peidple of WarraguJ for their kind reception, and Mr. Jolly for the trouble he had tisien-i driving them: about' the?town.' He exhorted the people to follow in the footsteps of their forefathers,, and labor for the master. .' A duet by Mrs 'Jolly and 'Miss Jones was very sweetly rendered. i Thie Rov. Mr. Howard followed with an address, commnncininin a humoirous strain, and then setthling down into an carnest tone,; ii which he referied to the gr:ive, responsibility which rested upon parents and young men, urging upohi.theorn the necessity of fitting themselves for nobler and higher stations in life. SThe RiEv. Mr.: Jolly, pastor'of thb clhurch,: then;added his'quotii "of:rd 'marks: to, 'those of ,2;tho,'propvious speakers. He informed the meeting at they had £8360 in halnd, towards liquidating ;othe debt - on ·r :the nev building, which, when fiiished would cost '1l16-; L£O0 "'tWbtihietres ec pected to Jreallso fromdthe sale of,'the first',piece of'land given by Mr: Cope-. lanid-by whose consent it wras being '61d. ! He'aould ?safely 'say that the trustees would have in hand about £1000 before the opening day; bhti:be trusted .the' people W'ould respind heartily to the solicitations of tlhe trustees, and open the church free of debt:. ::: A collection was taken up, and amounted to £6. After vot'e of thanks having been passed to the ladies, chairman, and speakers, which were proposed and seconded by Messrs. J. B. Witton and J: C?- Jones, Mr. Copeland responded, and the proceedings terminated. 