YflfffifiMRS, JARDlFE. ' Bv the Author of 'John Halifax, Gentleman.' \ CHASTER jt '?:.?:'? (CONTIKDRDt. - 'A mere 'flat,' and one semot! What would the girls say?' mattered Roderick. ' Vet you are happy, my sweet !' ** Quite himv !' And her face showed this ; a tell-tale face, at least to those who I loved her, and loving teamed to read it. I Vet u was siij;iuiy du^nea aod nervous I whec, a lew hoars allet, her first visitor c_me ; I thi ' liiii 1'iot' in the new hi- ue, as that iai'y I raiher too ostentatiously pointed oat. For it I was Mrs. Madagan, dressed in the very best. I loud-voiced, voluble with a shrill Richerden I accent, meaning to be '*&&? cordial and m°»§! J kind, and yet succeeding |n as iking KexJqjcU. J who received- her ^th grave 'politeness, ami! talked to her as much arpossibb^io M:ial shield his wife, wince at every sentence sbe I uttered ' ~- -V-- - -!-??*- ?-',-? '?- -.1 Waen she was gone, he threw himself in a I chair. I ' I hips that woman .will not come afiaia. I She woulil drive me wild. Better have no I a friend in the .world than such friends asi taese.' '' I ' Have you many friends here ? Is it I who I have lost you them ?' asked Silence mourn- I fully, and then looked sorry she had said it. I ' My husband,.! did not mean to regref. , W« cannrn alter anything now.'' - — '; , ?? $~ ?' We would Hot if we 7could,' cried Rod erick passionately. ' We. know, if another .-J bu'Tinn creature 'does, bow' happy we are, how entirely we l-elohg:to one another;' - - - .. ' Thank God V' - ' There were tears in the young wife's eyes ( bat she smiled stilL And daring 'soaae what* trying two weeks that followed, when is rained every day, and they were shut up together indoors, wit'i nothing particular to do — a most severe trial even to honeymoon lovers — though she did not alwavs smile, -she never one gloomed. 'I know now, I have found that blessing which my father said was the grestest any man could get, a £w^et-€pmpered wile,' cried Rod-, crick fondly, as they stood' together at the window, watching the rain sweep down. ' Mamma was that. And papa loved her. I mean, cot exactly as you love me, because he had loved some ope else in. his youth ; ?she told me that herself, one day. Still, he entirely tespected and trusted her ; they were very happy in their way. But, oh !' She suddenly turned to her husband with such a look in her eyes — a look that none but he had ever seen or would see. ' My first lore, aay last love I God is good to have let me marry you.' ' My darling !' Then, with an attempt to touch lightly upon the unspoken soreness be-. tween them, ' It is well you like my company' still, for, apparently, you -will have no other. The weather keeps us in, lor I can give you no carriage, and I hate cabs. .. I have never been used to them ; besides, only tancy my wife^in a common street cab ! Butevspather need not have hindered all oat 'carriage friends,' ais'tty sisters call them, or my sisters -cithers, from paying you the respect of a visit.' He spoke irritably, as he sometimes did, though never to her; A meaner nature — and there are such, men who esteem even then wives according as the world admires them — might have visited upon Silence this en tire and cruel ignoring pj her. But upon Roderick it acted in precisely the . opposite way. . No princess'quitting her own people to be received in equal honour by her husband's kith and kin. could have been treated by him with more tender reverence, more watchful love, than was that poor lonely girl, who had no other refuge or defence than himself in the wide world. Still, he was not quite perfect, and. by-ihls time she had of course found it but/ 'But -perhaps the very tenderness bit of a woman's .heart comes put towards- the man she lov.es when she first discovers she has something to pardon in him — and pardons. ', '?'???'? ?'.,: 'I am very cross ' to-day. Silence, and I know it.' . ' Yes, so do I,' she said .and smiled. 'But, if you -know- if, it* is half -conqaered. Go and lake a good walk, and walk it off, as' in the days when you were in love, you know.' ' As if those days bad ended, or ever would end !' answered Roderick, parting her hair and looking passionately down into her eyes. 'My good angel 1- But don't you see how much of the devil is in me still ? How do you mean to make me good {'- .. .. , - t -' 'I mean us to make' one another good,' she answered. 'My mother used -to say' — it was strange and touching this way she had now of speaking of her mother, as if not dead, but only absent somewhere, and still -mixed up with all their daily life—*1 my mother said it is better to nse'ene's feet or hands, than one's tongue, when one is vexed about anything. Thereforego.' . Roderick went, and bis wife stood watch ing him down the rainy street with eyes be saw not, and a heart that in its deepest depths was, even to him, not wholly knows — or shewn. . ? . - ?-? , - ' '.' ' I think, though you had never been mine,' she murmured, 'so long as you were yourself, I would have loved you just the same.' But, since you are 'mine— oh, toy, love, .my love?' ' ..* ? '...'..'... And the tears, which he seldom jar never saw, -broke out iwrepressed — tears1 notof grief,' but joy. Soon she: dried; them, and looking round for something to do, began putting away his gloves that be left on the table, and an old coat£which she, had nude him change for a warmer 'one. As she did so, she kissed them both, saying over again, with a tender- murmur — ' My lovel my love !' A foolish girl, may be J And she had been . only married^ stic weeks. But, as she said, it would be just the same,' did be remain the same, even alter they had been married fifty years. -A happy love, a happy life! In which, being*fitt£vl«ach for- each, either grows more and more into the other, through yoath, middle age, jpld age— realising the tare but not im possible, narried union, of being 'not. two, but one flesh.' Roderick came back in quite a cheerful mood. ' My walk has done me good in spite of the rain. And X have actually found a friend— Tom Grierson, .lately married too. He and his. wife are going to the coast the day after to-morrow, but they insist upon making up a party (that is the phrase, lovs) for us to morrow. _, She will call first, and. invite you with due 'ceremony:- And yon shall wear your wedding-dress, and the diamonds Cousin Snei^eWYdrraV&tu;^iwW LirSeSfe thoufhfit wouTdbeanbfher -Silence JardlneT You will look so channuig, and I shall be so proud. We mustigo.? ' .? :'.:^ .;'-: 'Must we?' ... With 'the quick inbntion,; the instinctive thought-readiag, learnt by those who deeply love, and,only those, Rpderick detected at once the slight hsstotioa. : ; ' ,*'' - 'Is it this?' herald; with a glance at her black dress. 'Do you very much dislike twngrT , . '1 dislike nothing, if you like it, and if stems pleasant and good to you.' ' Thank yoo. my darling. Ves, this will be pleasant, I think tand^gpod also. * The Grier sons are among what my family' fte pirdy named lus mother nov) ^cHUbe best;people' in the place. Excellent people too ; mtelli gent cultivated. I like them, and so will you; old Mrsl Grierson especially.1* .' ' 'l-o they know anything? About me.1 mm.' '1 cannot tell, I did noT-aslc, Von see, I cosld not a*lt,' wiMt^ fiody*i*ti tIoiiiIIim ohf Bftt imm^Bttttetie drtw)hk1«ktiiMr ttd UiMd btt feety. ' Jt doMj)Q(«auw«hb«r way. Never' miml.love. We will go— and | for the rest uke our rKa'^ We have done j the deed, we are married. No human being ' can ever part us more.' SUU, witb.^ fPfkm Jotebodjng of|Jjh|L might come, Waiter -^tbe - note of jnvttation ioA y-o&gy; whaehj to jSUence's endej^j. rdi^ytt-. nved &extaBr;,t&stead; of MrK,JGncrson'ber^ self, Roderick helped his wile to choose her *l braws' for this first appearance in the world —such a different world from the innocent nUmde of Neochatel ! then he left her to her oiiettc, ana sat reading, pr trying fxtreaa, ^u i - die appeared. U \\. '' *^\ * * p 'Not exactly the angelic Vision of her mar- 1 ?aigc morning ; ' a spiritj yet a woman too.' I Vity wju.j...y, it .ui ta Ji onabfej^for the I vhite' dress was high round heir fhrbat, and I the rounu soft arms gleamed under a semi- I ransparent^Joucl iaiteaiW being ohSrogvely I bare. %'i %:% %. ^ ? '' r- ;l- \ t I v ' I doriH know 'fexactly what is 'thcaifter- 1 dice.' said Roderick, examining her ; ' you 1 iookjscarcely iike the Richerden brides whom I I useA to meet, but yoq. look so sweet ! I once I said to — to aU-at. jiooie. that votv^wece not I ?Kattti.ul, tut l-^pi afrm toy wn5e,-I toH what { *e call here ? aTeeT'* : ' * ' ' *'* '* I Silence laughed -the nappy laugh of one who, 1 beiog admired by the only person she cares to I please, is childishly content and sarisfiwl. - ; j She belongedto thatidass ; of beauties, who I iwing all their charm to expression, only look, j well when they are happy. A. disappointed 1 life might have made htx quite an ordioary girl all her 'days ; but now,' when leaning on j her young husband's arm, she entered the! JSriersons' drawing-room, there was such a light in her eyes, such a tender glow .in her ey.es. ; such a tender '^low- in her ^cheeks; iind about' her' whole bearing that quiet dignity, ease, and grace, which, to natures like hers, only comes 1 with the consciousness of being loved, that very few, regarding bet /wonkl bivE; hesitated W exclaim, ' Wbat-i i&^fd$3xi!gvr(&am.; 1' f Roderick saw the tmpressiptf she Jmade, sa«l indeed, for the first few. -delightful minutes, nothing else'; iintil turning suddenly he :pit$ eeived sitting close by, splendidly dressed, ana. surrounaea dy quite- a= urue coun, unaua Bella, Mrs. Alexander Thomson. ' It was a position naif painful, half ludicrous, and yet so extremely difficult, and involving so much, not only as the present but the future, that he felt actually sick and giddy. One' glance, however, at the sweet unconscious tace beside him, and another at the very different face opposite, and his mind was made up. With a bow to his sister, a mere formal bow, as to any other lady, he drew bis wife's axm through his, and ' they -passed on to the other end of the room. Nobody noticed ; it is curious how little people do notice, or trouble themselves about their neighbours' affairs, if their too egotistical neighbours cou'd only believe so! Dinner was announced, the host came forward to take down the bride Roderick, had to go through .the same politeness towards Mis. Grierson, .every* body went into dinner, and soon the waves of society flowed smoothly over this little domestic tragedy, unknown to all, apparently, except the brother and sister ; who sat within a fen yards of each other, yet never interchanged, a word. .--..-????.- It was a regular Richerden dinner, such as both nad been familiar with from their youth upwards, but Roderick felt Uke a gho»t re visiting tne weu-KUOwn scenes. «. not uu iiappy ghost certainly, in spite of Bella sitting there. Through ail the dazzle of lights and clatter of voices (how loud everybody talked, and how sharp and shrill the Richerden accent sounded ij.his eager ear listened for the oc casional low-toned words spoken with a slight , foreign-intonation, and his eye rested tenderly . on the fair, calm face of his wife. She was. evidently neither shy nor strange, tout perfectly, dignified and self-possessed. He wondered if Bella saw her. ' My .husband seems charmed with your, wife : I shall be quite jeal jus directly,*' said big-hostess, ' Where did you find her ? Sbe .looks different from our Richerden girls. Is she Scotch?' 'Of Scotch. family, but Swiss born. We were married in Switzerland. Her father was my father's second cousin, and her name was Silence Jardine. You must have heard it before, Mrs. Grierson ?' And JtodeVicl' turned to a -gentle-looking': old lady on his other hand, aunt xa the young couple, whom he had told Silence' she would be sore to like. ' I remember your father's cousin. Miss Jardine. ''And your wife is her namesake? What a curious coincidence ! But, I under stood—— 'However, one never' bears quite the truth about love-afiairs : so. no matter,' . added the old lady, slopping herself.;; ' ' All's well that ends well. Happy's ; the wooing that's not long a-doing.' ? ' ''' .' ' Ours was fully six months a-doing,' said Roderick smfling. 'We waited as long as possible: on account of her wether's death; and for other teasons ; and then we manned. A right, and'wise, and prudent marriage, as* t think a true love-marriage always is,' he added pointedly, for be felt his sister was listniing to every word he said. And he knew that old Mrs. Grierson was one to whom everybody told everyuung, tnpngn even scanoai, passing through the alembic of ier sweet nature, came' out harmless9; : she was' noted for never having been heard to say an ill word of anybody. - ' ' ' Von are. Jight.% ^she answered^ and vbe/ -eyes, placid with long and' patiently-borne sorrow— she was a childless' widow — rested kindly on ,th e young bride. '' By her fifee I should -say that* Mrs. Jardine' was one' of ' those rare women who are in the world, T-nt not of it.' , , .'. ? ,- v ' ; 'How well you read her! I ?thought you would,' 'cried Roderick warmly. 'If ever there was*a saintly creature born'— —But I:am her husband, and ought not to speak.' j' Who is to speak for us^fndtpurSusbahds, I;, should like to' know?'' said young* Mrs. Grierson: 'And when there are actually three brides present. By-tbe-by, Mrs.' Thomson I did not Jknow until a lew minutes ago-that it was': your' own sistcr-ih-law I was inviting you to meet ; but I shall , learn, the ins and outs of 'Richerden people in time. * You and your' brother must been married within a few weeks «f one another.' -''?? r -.:.** 'No, some months.' said Roderick, 'with his eyes firmly 'fixed on his' plate ; Bella, with some smiling word or two, turned' back again to her next neighbour, with whom sbe had been gaily conversing with all dinner-rime. So the difficulty passed, seemingly unnoticed toy every body.7 '? ? ?' ?'?'? ? ' ? ...??..''/.' How much did ' everybody** know ? was the question that haunted Roderick. What did his sister mean by coming here, well aware jjbbm she;should meet? Was it to blmd the eyes of Richerden as to their family quarrels? He knew 1-is mother aod sisters would make any sacrifice' for the decent, the decorous, the expedient. Orhad die come— tbisresplefidest %s. Alexander' Thomson; who yet woie-a dissatisfied expression quite new to »he good tempered rosy face ot Bella Jardine — come, out of curiosity, defiance, S4difeoeice,ito meet the brother she 'had forsaken, and the sister in-law she %nored? ' -* : H: T- ; ?: ' Wnen the ladies ioseiandiie.was'4oned -to let Silence pass him wiUjopt_a waraiaear ex* jdanatory word, catching only the bright smile ^'S^thms^ihofw^^ sweet inner reality that they two were every thing to one another, Roderick Vexed'-nmself with conjectures as to wbdwas happening in , thedrawinc- rood^andUamedhiinselfforirhat now seemed die moral cowardice oTlettinghii^ young wife drop tBUOMrnfly into the Tery midst : ?ofherfoet. So tbtorbed wa fee with these tboBghts, that iie ouiie started when* slap on die Back rowed Urn to coaadooi of bb new bwUwf.lfl.kw. Mr. Alexaodw TbosMwa, ^ . _ (TO tt COHTIMUBO.) 