DEAD MAN'S JaOCK. TEE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. A Romanob by Q. BOOK II. CHAPTER X. (CONTINUED.) TELLS IN WHAT MANNER I LEARNT THE secret of the great key. Colliver must have read my (noughts, for he looked steadily at me oat of thoBe darn ay es of bia, and then said very slowly and deliberately: 1 Mr, Treuowetb, it grieves me to taunt your miserable case, but do you mind my saying that you are a fool 2 I simply stared in answer. 1 Your father was a fool — a pitiful fool ; and yon are a fool. Wbioh would lead me, did I not kuow better, to believe that your grandfather, Amos Irenoweth, waa a fool alao. I should wrong him if I called him that, He waa a villain, a black-hearted, innrderoua, cold-blooded, damnable villain ; hot he was ouly a fool for once in hie life, and that was when he trusted in the BenBO of bia descendants ' Hia voice, as ha -poke of my grandfather, grew suddenly thrill and discordant, while his eyes blazed up in - furious wratb. Ia a second or two, . however, he calmed himself again and went on quietly as before. 1 You wonder, peroaps, why I call you a fool. It ie because you have lived for four teen years with your baud upon riches that would make a king jealous, and have never had the sense to grasp them ; it iB because you have ahuc your eyes, when you might have seen, have been- a begzar when you might have ridden in a carriage. Upon my word, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when I think of your folly I have halt a mind to be dog-sick with you myself.' What could the man mean 1 What was this clue which 1 had never found 2 1 And all the time it was written upon this key here, as large as life ; not only that, bat, to leave you no excuse, Amos Trenowetb actually told you that it 'was written here.' ' What do yon mean 2' stammered I, forced into Bpeech at laet. 1 Ah, so you have found your voice, have you 2 What do I mean 2 Do you mean to say you do not guess even now ? Upon my word I am loth to kill bo fair a fool.' He regarded me for a moment with pitying contempt, then stretched out his hand and took up my g.-andlather'a key. 'I read here,' he said, 'written very cte&tly; and distinctly, certain words. You mint know those words; but I will repeat them to sou to refresh your memory "Thy house is set upon the Bands ; and thy hopes by a dead man." ' 1 Well! I asked, for— fool that I was— even yell did not .uuders cund. 'Mr, Jasper Trenoweth, did you never hear tell of each a place as Dead Man's Rook 2' The Crach, the whole horrible certainty of it, struck me as one great wave, and rushed over my bent bead as with the whirl and roar of many waters. ' Dead Alan's Rock — Dead Man's Rock !' It sang in tny ears as it swept me off my feet for a moment and pasaed, leaving me to -in!; and battle in the gulf «f bottomless despair. Aud then, as if 1 really drowns i, iny past lite, with all ite follies, mistakes, wrecked hopes, and baseless dreams, shot swiftly past ia one long train Again I saw my mother's patient, anxious smile, my fath-rr'a drowned face, with the Mlt drops trickling from hia golden hair, the ' Straggle oo the lock, the inquest, the awfal face at the wiado «, the corpses of my nareats sketched siie by side upon the bed, the scene of the gxnibling-hell with all its white and desperate faces, Claire, my lost love, the river, the theatre, Tom's death, and that ust dreadful scene, Francesco with the d.rk blood aooKing her white dress and trickling down apon the boards. I tried to put my anda before my eyes, but the corda held and cat my arms like burning eteel. Then in a flash I aeeuied to be Btridiug madly np and doivn Oxford street, while still in front of me dtoced and flew the yellow woman, her tvery diamom dashing in the gas light, her sold, black eyes, as tbey turned and mocked me, blazing marsh-lights of doom. Then ««uio iue ringing or many Delia in my »««, mingled with silvery laughter, as tbongh cbe fiends were ringing jubilant peals witnm ih» pit. Presently the Bights grew dim and died honed baC 010 laughter still con- t looked up. It was Colliver laughing, and OR Jscs w«b that of an arch -devil. , dees me good so see yon,' he exclaimed ; ob yes, it ia honey to my aoal. F iol,!md a juoaBBnd times fool ! that ever 1 should have uvea to tromph thus over you and your ac cursed house." more his voice grew shrill and his wtt flashed ; once more he collected him- h X?u all hear it out,' he eaid. ' Look and be pulled a greasy book from hie Wc.ket ' Here is a nautical almanac. Wnat ?»r is it! D-ce moor 23, or rather some time tbemororag c 24ch December, Christmas fall the riven,n'? ' 24th December it ie ®??n' and dead low water at Falmouth f-k M j?9 P,nl- Fa to — do you believe in tha 7-'" "vsoo "8th?— could not have cho-en team I8 better lo something under &hnn; . Qta 0ae of 08 wi|l have his hanus ,trea'iUre- Which will it be, eh — "Web mil it be 2' knoll' lta8w which it would be, and the mownsb was bi'ter as gall. Vtath mnCry Chris mas, Jlr. Jasper Troao. will h» 0 oa oaft'1 aad goodwill , You Oerrv Pn,,a? malice by chat time. S. a Like 8| ao< a metry Christmas- box. a hann«fiM0 2 mplioienta of the season, and roX. eY9ar toyoo! Where are you lam-h?nlPend Mr. Trenowetb, eh 2 Derh«nt . R passing it by the ssa. Yon will A ti.»m! the 88li" t00' ou'v yon will be in it cargo Oh'""8 aw'ftly wben f hae a corpse Al hia r /i . j 01 Ifi-V 4 0 »fp3 Rin'8ltf,.4l 8Wethart stole, my lede— i j. 0u 1 fu» the ball th >11 lo -1 1 Mr. V, id P bel1 will toll for yon, tMe. 5 not yet awhile, at any "siting— youc B#,03tbeart is weary of 8Lib 'ho h Ra\ h1, dU9, «ny lads— 1 Bmh . . 4"3 ,or yoa 1 Jourswse-Wr5 fr lon' Mr. Trenoweth— k«v8> ®e;be?n..an<l _the deviL Which shall Aha T am rin"103 Uto'', yoa Wouiu any. Eive . 80 iur-> ! By the way, might I "dghHt'hJ y'!Ur ,waetheitt'e name— A C? Mi«ht eh" b«» kerielf ? ih. i i"1 perhaps, she calie "d'ithwatchina h1?08 pJ0tty eyeB Wl11 80 'Wn, Kia g bafcre she seta rhem on yon "siting A y uU t0 89p 80 sweet a maiden He 'ly0,1 bS tbe timo" tr anted„at la«. mastered by hia fero- Chip's naJI ua? or the aonod tt£nry . ' maddened me, bcoke oot ottiar"3 vlcti ma If halt be with all ,of yoor acoursed life! signj' 0VrAm,ou toJl,y murdere ®rPoor PFoaf dead an th <ae ; : cIa "9S yoa 9lew aPa the BJU 2nd fed ntT .?lrayrmo;her' whose pare J1""8 very uh yont mferriat face, .»?! ZdnM"' Of your handi- tabfedto deatQ.upon— — Wll0m yoB ' Hush, Mr.' Trenoweth, die tor yuur raviags, I love tahear them, and could listen by the hoar, did not time presB. Bat 1 cannot have you talking so loudly, you understand ;' and he toyed gently with his knife ; ' also remember, I must be at Dead Man's Rock by half.past 11 to-night.' 'Fiend !' I continued, ' you can kill me, if you like, bnt I will count your crimes with my last breath. Take my life as you took my friend Tom Loveday's life— Tom, whom yea knifed in the dark, mist>king him for me. Take it as you took Claire's, if ever man — ' Claire— Claire dead !' He staggered back a Btep, and almoat -at the same moment I thought I caught a sound on ths other side of the partition at my back. I listened for a moment, then concluding that my ears had played me some trick, went on again : ' Yes, dead. She killed herself to- night at the theatre— stabbed herself Oh, God ! Do you thiuk I care for your knife now? Why I was going to kill myseif— to drown myself— at the very moment when I heard your voice and came on board. I came to kill you. Make the most of it — show me no mercy , for ae there is a God in Heaven, I would have shown you none.' What waa that, sound again on the other aide of tha partition ? Whatever it waa, Coi> liver had not heard, for he was muBing uarkly, and looking fixedly at mo. 1 No, I will show yon no mercy,' he tjuici,!/, >or i nave eworn to snow no mercy to your race, and yon are the lost of it. But listen, that for a few momentB before you die you may shake off your smug com- placenoy and learn what this wealth ie, and what kind of brood you Trenoweths are. Dog ! The treasure that lies' by Dead Man's Rock is treasure weighed with dead men's curses, and stained with dead men's blood— wealth won by black piracy on the high eeae — gold for which many a poor sonl walked the plank and found hie end in the deep waters. It is treasure sacked from many d gallant ship, stripped from many a rotting corpse by that black hoand, your gt nd father, Amos Trenoweth. You guessed that 2 Let me tell you more. ' There ia many a sonl crying in heaven and hell for vengeance on your race; but your death to-night, Jasper Treuoweth, shall be the peculiar joy of one. You guessed flat your grandfather had crimes upon his soul ; but yon did not guess the blackest crime on his account — the murder of his dearest friend. Listen. I will be brief with you, but I cannot spare myself the joy of letting you know this much before you die. Know then, that when your grandfather was a rich man by this friend's aid— after, with this friend's help, he had laid hands on the secret of the Great Ruby for which for many a year he had thirsted, in the momeoO of bis triumph, he turned and slew that friend in order to keep the Ruby to himself. Lhat fool, your father, kept a Journal — which, no doubt, you have read over and over again. Did be tell yon how I caught him on Adam's Peak, sitting with this Olaap in his hands before a hideous graven atone 1 That stone was cut in ghastly mockery . of that friend's face ; the bones that lay be neath it were the boneB of that friend. There, on that very spot where i met your father, face to face, did hia father, Amos Trenoweth, strike down my father, Ralph Colliver. ' Ah, light is beginning to dawn on your silly brain at last. Yes, pretending to pro tect the old priest, who bad the Ruby, he stabbed my fatber with the very knife found in yonr father's heart, etabbed him before hia wife's eyes on that little lawn upon the mountain side ; and, when my helpless mother called vengeance upon him, handed the etill reeking knife to her and bade her do her worst. Ab, but she kept that knife. Did you mark what was engraved upon the blade 2 That knife had a good memory, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth. < Let me go on. Ab if that deed were not foul enough, he caused the old priest to carve — beiog skilful with the chisel — that vile distortion of bis dead friend's face out of a huge boulder lying by, and then murdered him too for the Ruby's sake, and tumbled their bodies into the trough together. Snch was Amos Trenoweth. Are you proud of yonr descent 2 ' i never eaw my father. i was not born ami I three months after thiB, and not until 1 was tea years old did my mother tell me of his fate. 1 Your grandfather was a fool, Jasper Tre noweth. to desDise her : for Bhe waa young then and she could wait, She was beautiful then, and Amos Trenoweth himself had loved her. What ie she now ? Speak, for you have seen her.' As he spoke I seemed to see again that yellow face, those awful, eoullees eyes, and h.ar her laugh aB she gazed down from the box upon my dying love. 'Ah, beauty goes. It went for ever on that day when Amos Trenoweth spat in her face and tannted her as she clung to the boay of her husband. Beauty goes, but revenge can wait ; to-night it has come ; to night a th -naand dead men's ghosts shall be glad, and point at your body as it goes tossing out to sea To-nigh: — bnt let me tell the rest in a word or two, for time presses. How I was bronght np, how my mad mother — for she is mad on every point bnt one — traiued me to the sea, how I left it at length and became an attorney's clerk, all this I need not dwell apoa. Bat all this time the thought of revenge never left me for an hoar; and if it bad, my mother would have recalled it, ' Well, we settled in Plymouth, and 1 was bound a clerk to your graudfather's attorney, still with the eatne purpose. There 1 learnt of Amos Treuoweth'B uffairs, but only to a certain extent ; for of the wealtn which he had so bloodily won I could discover nothing, and yet I knew that he possessed riches which make the heart fainv even to chink upon. Yet for all I could discover, hie Pob- eessions were simply those of a struggling farmer, hia business absolutely nothing. I was almost desperate, wbeu one day a till, gaunt and aged man stepped into the office, asked for my employer, and gave the name of Amoa Trenowetb. Oh, how I longed to kill him as he Btood there ! And how little did ha ivnaoa thut tha clerk nf whom he took no more notice than of a Btone. would one day strike bis descendants off the face of the earth and inherit the wealth for which he had sold his soul— the great Ruby of Ceylon ! ' My voice trembled with hate ae I an nounced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and lis eaed. He waa uneasy about hia will — the tool— and did not know hat all hie possession would necessarily become his Bon's. In my heirt I laughed at hie ignorance ; bnt I learnt enoauh— enough to wait p-tiently for yews, and finally to track Ezakiel Trenoweth .to hie death. ' It waB abont this time that I fell in love. In this as in everything through life I have been cursed with the fonleat lack ; bat in this as in everything else my pa'ience has won in the end. Lacy Lattrell loved another man called RaiLton — John Railton. He waa another fool — you are All fools — bat she married him and had a daughter. I wonder if > on can guess who that daughter was !' Be brokboff and looked at me with fiendiBh ma1 ice. ' You hound !' I cried, ' ehe was Janet Railton— >Claire Luttrell ; and yoa murdered her father aB yoa Bay Amos Trenoweth murdered yours.' Right.' he answered, coolly. 'Quite right. Ob, the arts by which I enticed that man to drink and then to crime 1 Even now ' I could sit and laugh over tbem by tbe hour. vVhy, man, there waa not a touch of gnile in - the fellow when I took him in hand, and yet it was he that afterwards took your father's ! life. He tried it once in Bombay and bungled it sadly ; he did it neatly enough, hough, on the jibboom of the Belle Fortune. , I lent him the knife ; I would have dune it myself, but Railton wae nearer ; and besides What wsb that rustling Bound behind the j partition ? Colliver did n >t hear it, at any : rate, but went on with his tale, and though j is eyes were dancing flimes of hate his ! voice waB calm now as ever. ' I had stolen half tbe Clasp beforehand from tb - cabin floor where that stupendous idiot, Ezakiel Trenoweth, had dropped it. R-iil'oa caught him before he dropped, but I did not know he had time to get tbe box nway. for just then » huge wave broke over j us, and before the next we both jumped for the Ruck I thought that Railton must have beeo sucked back, for I only cluog on my-iel.' oy the luckie-c chance. It wa pitch dark aud impossible to Bee. I called bis name, but he either could not hear for the roar, or did not choo-e tu answer, bo after a bit 1 stopped. I thought him dead, and be no doubt thought me deal, until we met upon Dead Man's Rock. Shall I finish ? Ob, yea, yon eh >>11 hear the whole Btory. After the inqueBt I e»caped hack t. Plymouth, told Lucy that her hus band had been drowned at sea, and finally persuaded her .to leave Plymouth and marry me. So I triumphed there, too; on, yes, I bavn triumphed throughout' ' Y«a hoand 1' 1 cried. He laughed a low. musical laugh and went on again - , , ' Ah, yes, you- are angry, of coarse ; but I let that pass. - I have one account to settle with you Trenoweths, and that ie enough for me. Three times have I bad you in my power, Mr. Jasper Treuowetn— tnree tunes ot yoa "Bcspe. Onoe beneath Dead ManB Rock, when I had my fingers on your young weasand and was Btopped by those cursed fishermen. Idiota that they were, they thought the sight of me had frightened you and made you faint, Faint ! You would have been dead in another half minute. How I laughed in my Bleeve while tn.»t uncle of youra waa trying to make me understand— me— what waB my name then ? oh. ay, Georgio Rbodojani. However, you escaped that time ; and once more yon hardly guessed how near yon were to death, when- 1 looked in at the window on the night after the ioqnest. Why, in my mind I was tossing up whether or not I should murder you and your white-faced mother. I should have done so, but thought you might hold some knowledge of the secret after your meeting with Railton, bo that it seemed better to hide my time.' ' If it oe any satisfaction to you,' I inter- rupted, ' to know that had you killed me ben you would never have laid. hands on that Clasp yonder, you are welcome to it.' ' It ib, he answered. ' I am glad I did riot kill you both ; it left your mother time to see her dead huaband, and haa given - me tba pleasure of killing yon now ; the treat im proves with keeping. Well, let me go on. After this I was forced to leave the country for Borne time ' For ano.her piece of villainy, which your wife discovered.' How do you know that 2 Ob, from Claire, I suppose ; however, it does not matter. Wnen I came back I found you , found you, and struck again. But again my cursed tuck etood in my way, . and that friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at this mark on my cheek.' ' Look at tbe Clasp and you will see where your blow was struck.' ' Ab, that woe it, was it 2' he said, ex amining the Ctaep elowly. ' I suppose yoa thought it lucky at the time. So ie waa— tor me. For, though I made another mistake in tbe fog that uigbc, I got quits with your frieud at any rate. I have chafed often enough at these failures, but it has all come rigbt in tbe end. I ought to have killed your father upon Adam's Peak ; but he was a big man, while I had no pisiol and oould not afford to riek a mistake. Everything, ihey say, comes to the man who can wait. Your fatber did not escape, rieither will you, and wben I tbink of the joy it was to me to know that you and Claire, of all people ' But I would hear no more. Mad as I was with ehame and horror for my grandfntber'e cruelty, I knew this man, notwithstanding hie talk of revenge, to be a vile and treacher ous scoundrel. So when he spoke of Claire I burst forth — ' Dog, thi> iB enoagh ! I have listened to yonr cale. Bnt wuen you talk of Ciaire— Claire whom you killed to-night— then, dog, 1 spit upon yon ; kill me, and I hope tbe treasure may curBe you aB it has cursed me ; kill me ; use your knife, for I will shout ' With a dreadful snarl he waa on me and smote me across the face, Then as I con tinued to call and shout, struck me one fearful blow bebiud the ear. I remember that the dim lamp shot oat a streak of btood- red flame, the cabin was lit for one brief instaut with a flash of fire, a thousand lights darted one, and then — then came uttor black ness — a vague sensation of being caught up and carried, of plunging down — down. . . . CHAPTER XL AND LAST. TELLS HOW AT LAST I FOUND MY KEVENCE and the great kobr. 'Speak— Bpeak Co me! Oh, look np and tell me you are not dead. ' Down through the misty defiles and dark gates of tbe Valley of the Shadow of Death came these words faintly as though spoken far away. So distant did tbey aeem that my ' eyes opened with vague expectation of another world ; opened and then wearily closed again. For at first they Btared into a heaven of dud grey, with but a shadow between them and colourless apace. Then they opened ! once more, and then the shadow caught their : attention. What was it 2 What waa I, and how came I to be staring upward so 2 I let ' the problem be, and fell back into the easeful . lap of unconsciousness, I Tben the voice epoke again : He is living yet,' it said. 1 Oh, if he would but epeak 1' 1 This time I saw more distinctlv. Two eyes were looking into mine— a woman's eye9. Where had I seen that face before 2 Surely I had known, it once in some other world. Then somehow over my weary mind stole the kaowledge that this was Mrs. Lattrell — or was it Claire 2 No, Claire waa dead. ' 01 -ire dead !' I seemed to repeat to myself; bat how dead or where I could not recall. 1 Claire dead !' then this must be her mother, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, waB lying here, with Claire's mother bending over me. How came w» so 2 What had happened, that — and once more tbe shadow of oblivion swept down and enfolded me. Sbe was Btill there, kneeling beside me. chafing my hands, and every now aad tben speaking worde of tender Bolicitude How white her bair was ! It used not to be so white as this. And where- was I tying! In a boat? How my head was aching ! Then remembrance came back. Strange to tell, it began with Claire's death in the theatre, and thence led downward in broken and interrupted train until Colliver's face suddenly started up before me, and I knew all. I raised myself an my elbow. My brain was throbbing intolerably, and every pulsa tion seemed to shoot fire into my templea. Also other bands of fire were clasped about my arms and wrists. So acutely did tbey burn that I fell back with a lo.w moan and looked helpleaBly at Mrs. Luttrell. Although it had been snowing, her bonr-et was thrust back from her face and hung by ita ribbons which were tied beneath her chin. Tbe breeze was playing with her dis ordered hair — hair now white as the enow- flakes upon it, though grey when last I had Been it — bat it brought no coloar to her IQhQi a>a ruo uouv vict uiu w jiiavo use shawl beneath my head. I saw that her blue eyeB were strangely bright and prominent. ' Thank God, you are alive ! Does the bandage pain you 1 Can you move 2' I feebly put my hand np and felt a hand kerchief bound round my head. ' I was afraid— oh, so afraid ! — that I bad been too late. Yet God only knows hew I got tlowa into your boat— in time— and with out his seeing me. I knew what be would do— I waa listening bebiud the partition all tbe time ; bnt I waa afraid he would kill you first.' ' Then — yon heard 2' ' I heard all. Ob, if I were only a man — bnt oan yon stand? Are you better now ? For we must lose no time.' I weakly stared at her in answer! ' Dou'G yon see 2 If yon can stand and walk, as I pray you cao, there iB no time o be lost. Morning ia already breaking, and by this evening you must catch him.' ' Catch him 2 1 Y-s, yes. He haB gons— gone to catch the first tra<n for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Rock to-night. Qaiofe ! see if yon cannot riae." I sat up. The water had dripped from me, forming a great pool at onr end ot th boat In it she was kneeling, and beside ber lay a heavy knife and the corde with which Simon Gulliver had bound me. Yes,' I »aid; I will follow. When does the first train leave Paddiogton 2 ' At a quarter-past 9.' she answered, 1 and it is now about half past 5. You have time to catch it ; bnt must disguise yoaraelf first. He wilt travel by it ; there ia no train before. Come, let me row you »Bbore.' i With this She untied the painter, got out the ecnlle, set down npon the thwart oppo- \- site, bnd began to pull desperately for shore. T m-ao JmmaiS #> Lam nteAnntli nnr) nlrlll cn 1th f Kn 1 WUUU6IOJ est' UCl Obicugvu ouu oaiu viuu oar, ' Ah.' she said, ' I sea at what yon are wondering Remembar that I wae a eailor'a wife once; and withone strength how should I have dragged you on board tbie boat ?' How did yoa manage it?' ' I cannot tell. I only know that I heard a spla-h aa I waited under the bows there, and then began with my hands to feod the boat around the ech ioner Lr dear life. I ! had to be verv silent. A first I coii'd see ! nothing, for "it wob dark towards tne shore ; bur 1 cried to Heave » to spare yon for ven>- Iteance on that man,- and then 1 sow notz-e- thing black lying across the w.,rp, and knew it was yon. I gave a strong pndb, then rnshed to the bows and caught yon by the hair. I got you round by the stern a- gently as I could, and then palled y n on boa.-ct somehow— T cannot remember exactly how I did it.' ' Did he see yon ?' 'No, for he mu9t have gone below directly. I rowed under the shadow of the lighter to which we were tied ju-t now, and a I did ?o, thought I h»ard him calling me by name He must have forgotten . me, and then suddenly remembered teat as yet I bad notg'ven him the money. However! presently I beard h<m getting into his boat and rowing ashore He came quite close to- as— so close that 1 could hear him cursing, and orouched down io the shadow for fear of my life. Bnt he passed on, and got out at the steps yonder. It was enowing at the time, and that helped me.' Sue- pulle.f- a stroke or iwu in silence, and then continued — 1 Wbe'n you were in tbe cabin together, I was listening. At one point I think I mus. have iaiated ; but it cannot have been for long, for wkea I came to myself you wero Btill talking about John Rail-on.' I remember the Bcuad which I had beard, and almost in Bpite of myself asked, ' You heard.aUout— ' 1 Ciaire ? YeB, I heard.' She nodded simply ; but her eye sought mine, and ia them was a gleam that made me Btart, Just ilidtt the boat coacbad at a mouldering flig'it of stairs, cruoted with green ooze to high water mark, and covered now with snow. She made fast the ooat. 1 This was the way he went.' she muttered. ' Track him, track him to his death ! spare him no single pang to make that death miserable.' Her low voice positively trembled with concentrated hate. 'Stay,' she said, ' have yoa moaey ?' I suddenly remembered that I had given all the money on me to Baguall for getting out my boat, And told ber so. At the same moment, too, I thought upon tbe tis box still lying under the boat's stern, I stepped aft and pulled it out. 1 Here is mooey,' she said ; ' money th>- I wae to have given him. Fifty pounds it is, in notes, l'ake it all.' ' But you V I hesitated ' Never mind me. Take it — take it all. What do I want with mnnnv if vnn nnlv kilt bim 2 ' I bent and kissed her hand. ' As Heaven ie my witoeis,' I eaid, it shall be his life ur mice. The sonl ot one of us auall never see to-morrow. ' Her hand was cold as ice, and her pale face never changed- ' Kill nim,' she said, simply. _ I turned, aud climbed tbe steps. By this time day had broken, and the east was streaked with angry flu-hes of crimson. The wiud swept through my dripping clothes and froze _my aching limes to rie marrow. Uo the river came floatiog a heavy pall of tog, out of which the masts showed like grisiy skeletons. The snow storm haa not quite ceased, and astray flake or two came bruBh ing across my face. So dawned my OhrietmaB Ere ! Aa I gained the top, I turned to look down. She was Btill standing there,- watching me. Seeing me look, she waved her arms, and I heard her hoarse whisper, ' Kill him 1 Kill him ! Kill him !' I left her Btanding bo, and turned away ; but in the many ghoats that haunt my solitary days, not tbe least vivid is tho phantom of this whi e- haired woman on the ul.ck and silent river, eternally beckoning, ' Kill him !' . I found myself in a yard strewn with timber, spars and refnse, halt bidden beneath the snow. From it a flight of rickety scoue steps led to n rottine door, and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, pondering on my next step. Not a aoul was abroad so early ; bnt i must quickly get a change of cl-ithea somewuere ; at present I stood in my torn dress trousers and soaked ahirt, I passed np tbe Btreet, my shoeless feet making the firBt prints in tbe newlt- tailen enow. Tne fire: 2 No ; for when 1 looked more closely I saw other footprints, alroiidy half obliterated, leaning np the street. These must be Simon Colliver's. I followed them for about a hundred yards past the shuttered windows. Suddenly they turned into a shop door, and then seemed to leave it again. The shop was closed, and above it hung three bra>9 balls, each covered now with a e. -o«v cap. Above, tbe blinds were drawn down, but on looking again, I saw a chink of light between the shatters, I knocked. After a Hhort pause, the door was opened. A red-eyed, villainous face peered out, and seeing me, grew blank with wouder. ' What do you want V inquired at length the voice belonging to it. ' To buy a fresh suit of clothes. See, I I have fallen into the river.' Muttering something beneath his breath, the pawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the ehop. It was a dingy nest, fitted up with the UBuai furniture ot such a place. The one dim candle threw a ghoBtly light on chairs, clocks, compasaeB, triuketB, saucepans, watches, piles of china, and suns of lefc-off clothes arrayed like rows of suicides along the wall. A general air of decay hung over the den. Immediately opposite me, as I entered, a of.nfr«rl nnrcdf: rlvnnnini ol/Mnln tnfn Jnn» WfcVfc-p-Uft wawfTV, IU|IM UUOV, glared at me with one malevolent eye of glaae, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the aounter, poked oat his tongae in a frenzy uf malignity. But my eye wandered past these, and was fixed in a moment npon some thing that glittered npon the counter. That something was my own watch. Following my gaze, the man gave me a quick, BQSpicious glance, hastily caught up tne watch, and waa bestowing it on one of his shelves, when I said — ' Where did yon get that ?' ' Quite innocently, sir, I awear. I bonght it of a gentleman who came in just now, and would not pawn it. I thought it wae hiB, bo tha<\- if yoa belong to tbe Force, I hope ' " Gently, my friend," said I ; ' I am not in the police, bo yon need not be in each a fright. NevettheleaB, that watch ie mine ; I can tell yon the number, if, yon don't believe it.' He poshed ths watch aoross to me and said, etill greatly frightened — ' I am aure yon may eee it, sir, with all my heart. I wouldn't for worlds ' ' What did yon give for it ?' He heair.atBd a moment, and then, as greed overmastered fear, replied — 'Fifteen pounde, Bit; and the man would not rake a penny leas. Fifteen good pounds 1 I swear it, aB I am alive 1' ' Although I saw that the man lied, I drew out three five- pound notes, laid them on the table, and took my watch. This done, I eaid— ' Now I want yon to eell me a suit of clotheB, and aid me to disguise myself. Oberwiue ' ' Don'J talk, air, about " otherwise." I'm sate I shall be onlv too glad to rig yon nut to eaten tne cniei. ion can vase your pica or he suits here ; they are mostly seamen's, to be sure ; but you'll find others as well. While, as for disguises, I flatter myself for getting up a faae ' Here he stopped suddenly. ' Ho w long has he been gone 2' ' About hplf an hour before you came. But no doubt you know where he'd be likely to go ; and I won't be more than twenty minutes Betting you completely to rights.' In less than half an hour afterwards I stepped out into the Btreet bo completely disguised that none of my friends — that is if I had possessed a friend in the world — would have recognised me. I had chosen a Bailor's suit, that being the character I knew myself best able to sustain. My pale face had turned to a bronze-red. while over its amoothly- shaven snrface now grew the roughest of untrimmed beards. Saow was falling still, so that Colliver'a footprints were entirely obliterated. Bnt I wanted them no longer. He would ba at Paddingtou, I knew ; and accordingly I turned my feet in that direc tion, and walked rapidly westward. My cbase bad begun. I had before me plenty of time in which to reach Paddington, and tbe ex-rciee of walking did me good, relaxing my stiffened limbs until at length I scarcely felt the pain of the weals where the cords had cut me. It waB snowing persistently, but I hardly noticed it Through the chiil and sullen morning I held doggedly on my way, past St Katharine's Wbarf, ths Tower, through G acechurch street, and out into St. Pant's Chutcbyard. Traffic was already beginning here, and thickened .as I passed down Ludga'e Hill and climbed np to Holbcrn. Already the white Bnow was being churned and trodden into hideous slush in which my feet lipped and B'nmbted. My coat and Bailor's cap were covered witn powuery uikcb, ami x u»u to hold my head down for fear liest the drifting moisture should wash any of the colouring off my face. So my feet carried me once m-re.into Oxford afreet. How w«ll remembered was every house, every lamp- poet, every flag of the pavement almost I - 1 was on my last qnvet now, ' To-night 1 to-night 1' whispred m> heart ; then came back the words of Claire's mother — ' Kill hiiii ! Kill bim !' and' still; I tnmnoH woatward, eg westward lav my revenge. Sndd-niy a hansom cab shot past. It came np ailently on r he -lastly street, and i wivs only when it w>s close behind that I heard the mufllad sound of its wheels It was early yet for cbs, so that I turned my head at the sound It passed in a flash, and gave me bat a glimpse of 'be occupant ; '-nt in that moment'I had time to catch sight of a pair of eyes, and knew now that my journey W'iald not be in vaio. Tbey were tbe eyeB of Simon Colliver. So then in Oxford street, after all, I bad mst him. . He was cleverly disguised— as I gaessed by the same hands that bad painted tny own face; and -looked to the casual, eye bat an ordinarybagman. Bat art conld' not change those ' marvellous eyes, and I hbe him in an instant' My heart leapt wildly for a moment— my. hands -were clenched arid, my .teeth/. shut tight; bnt the next I: wae plodding after him as before. I could wait now, 10 EB COKTINBHD.) 