RUNNING- GHusl’S TO BARTH. (tub boston olobe. ) Tackling spirits, seizing apparitions by tlio throat, nailing halluoTuationa, poering into haunted houses, and bearding spooks I t thcfr dona, experimenting with thought »*‘<u--isiquuD uuu moauioribin, ana in general monkeying with all the unfathomable mysteries of the human aoul— fchia Ib the unique occupation of a body of learnod men oaihtd tho American Society for P«sychioal Research, In a back room of a modest-looking house in Boyleston place is the headquarters of the society's secretary, Rtobard Hodgson, LL.D. In this simple room, filled with booko, pamphlets, and oircdaiB. aits the man who hopes that hla efforts will aid in solviug the riddle that all tho sages of all too nations have given up in vain—tho “riddla of tho painful e«rih." He hopes not many years will elapse ere satl factory answors can be given to these world*old questions: What is mind? What is tho soul? Is It immortal? What is life and whas is death? He hopes that Nature's oupremest secrets will be wrung by force from her bosom, and marvellous revelations will bo made to mankind, And this know ledge will not bB the remit of any arguments or af beautifully constructed theories, but of hard frozen fade, Hr Hodgeon is an Englishman, about thirty-seven years old, a graduate of Gitm~ bridge Untverslty, a profoundly learned naholar, and a level-headed man of much sound common sense. Hu is an en huBlast, and is devotod, heart and bouI. to tho work of tho American Hoaiwty for Pdyohio^l Ro search. Ho certainly down's look liko a man who hobnobs with ghosts, and is on | ope iking terms with spirit*. In hla clerical work, whiob includes a vast correspondence, ho la aided by a good, robust-looking | blonde apparition. She i* also young and quite pretty. IVicn u somewhat indistinct utterance, i which scuds along at ab'>ut twenty- two Knots qu hour, Dr Hodgson toJd ihe writer bout the work of tho Society for Psychical Research. ' Our society wan formed,1 be said, ‘for the purpose «*f making on organised and systematic attempt to investigate that dark border land of human experience, and to examine critically the phenomena whion are not now explained by any satisfactory theory. Scientific men of eminence in all countries admit the ’possible existence of wbaft the uneducated call ghosts or spirits j and further, that one mind may exert upon another a positlvo influence otherwise tcan hr* ugh tho recognised sensory channels.* ‘That is, you mean to say, dootor, that if, for instance, you are in Timbuotoo, and I in Oshkosh, I m%y feel my mind under an Influence emanating lrom youta, which thus anoihilateB time and space?' * Exautly,’ he replied. * And cur society is endeavouring to collect from reliable aonroes such foots, because if they are oneu incontestably established they will prove of the highest importance. ‘ The chief department* of our work ‘I, An examination the nature and axtent of any influence whioh may be exerted by one mind upon another in what is popularly called a supernatural way. *2 The study of hypu tiem and mes merism, and the phenomena of clairvoyance. *3. An Inquiry as to the existence of re lations hitherto unrecognised by scienoe between living organisms and magnetic and electric forces, and betwuen living and inanimate bodies. ‘ 4. A careful investigation of and reports, resting on strong testimony, of apparitions occurring at the moment of death or other" winf», snd of disturbances In houses reputed to be bauuted, 5, An inquiry into, various alleged physical phenomena, oommouly called spiritualistic. ‘In aooordanco herewith the research work of our society is divided among five oormniUeesnaU of which are presided over by men of unquestioned Ability, learning, nd fairness. Professor H P Rowditob, of Harvard, is chairman of the Committee on Tnought Transforenoe; Professor Joa!ah Royco of the Committee on Apparitions and Haunted Houses ;.{C; B, Cortey, a well known Boatonian, of the Committee on Hypnotism; Dr W'. N. Bullard, of Boston, of tha Committee on Medlumiatio Pheno mena ; and Professor C S. Minst, of Har vard, of the Committee on Experimental Psychology. * That doesn't look like a coUccion of cranks, does it ?: Our society is compound of of all sorts of beliefs and. no beliefs Borne are Spiritualists, some materialists, some theista, and some agnostics, but all Intent on the discovery of the truth, not by argument and ratiocination, but along the lines of inoonteatable experience * ‘Would an Inquiry *a to y ur own per sonal belief be impertinent, doo or?' ■ Well* I suppose, I .should be probably called a Spiritualist. A number of years •\go, when I was a student in Cambrdge, England, 1 met a man, an uttor stranger to mo I have sufficient cause for brlieving that he knew nothing whatever about mol or my past hfe. And yet this man told me, with saoh miauteaeos of detail, oircum-.i stances and eventa which I knew every one but myself to he ignorant of that I was forced to oonfeae his mlraonlous Insight * When the writer looked a little iccrcdu~ ?ous and ventured to Interpose an explan » tlon of the phenomenon, the doctor lnterrnpted.htm and p opeeded * Thla m*n, whom I met almost; b> aooi ■lent, described to me wbh absolute fidelity to truth the peculiar manner of my oousin4* death; In Aui ralU twelve years previous "her* I waa then living. He aaid he uw my oomin p-eeent with n» in the room, where he and 1 were •Ulina aloee talking jnat a* you and 1 are talking now. He told, me of oqr boyiih 'prank* together end of little ohildiih aeoreta that my sonata and I bed betwana onritlvH. Ha detorlbed, with p<rfto£ tru n, m.- iijtttgnitio.iu ..ud yob enduring impreaaionH r&ooivcrl.; when I was a youth. In frnjv, my whole p>et life lay nt-foro hirn liko an open boob. . Ho road my inmost soul, •» • I was at thu limo; na »5sort of recreation, investigating spiritualism, amf from tho numbfr of frauds I had come across you rn&y; imagine how hard I waa to convince. i>ut tufa ttxpflrienoo . waa eafllcien', to ovor» coma my scepticism 4 Another incident of a different charader* nowoyer, which catno within my personal Knowledge, servod to confirm my belief that rmud aoia upon mind independently of matter or of timo and space Au Eng ish may of my acqmintanoe living iu London saw suddenly before her one afternoon tbo figure of her slater, clad in or shroud, and with her hair* out close to her head. Xhla sister was; at the time on the voyage homo from India, Ii uitorward proved that-n the very day and at tho very hour when my lady friend 8 4W tho apparition her sister died on board the vessel. 8ho bad had her bnir ont off to send to her friends at home as a souvenir/ 1 YVby do not a fow such Instances as these, if incontrovertibly proved, establish your^heory beyond all possibility of mt* 5e,0?Q8<y r°pNot* Dr Hodgson, as h© nllca hiH pipo, * we ere reasoning from fsoWr to theories, and not vice versa, The more facts we ha^-e the more solid ia our foundation That would be a very treacherous structure wblph was placed only on one frail post. A theory of thought transference baaed on ’ ons or two or even a hundred oases, however well, — uv.vu uHoua, , uunrqvQt a-tAcatoa, would bay ^ i frottr ino Aicay would'not prove tho existence of other spl i a. Tb^ ‘ fulfilm nt of one dream, the reality of one apparition, th- verification of the premonom (ion, mfghc be caf/od a coincfdcnoe, fled tbo* mon wbo shonld attempt to baild » theory on it would bo justly ridiculed. But giv© us nnfc^ nt 10 000 dreams, apparitions, or premonitions 1,000 which are verified, and the pica cf mere coincidence no longer* holds ’ 1 Do you anticipate satisf ofcory result© from tho scoloty'a invcstiga’loni- ?’ • ‘ Yee, ptrsoually, I-can say that I do. Bat the work is far from bt;log completed. We* bnvo a vast amount of evi euca, but it is not yet examined and sifted. A great deal of it K of courso. utterly worthless. The replies to our ciroulars asking for ptrsonal experiences areetiil coming in, and ii will bo mouths before tangible results can be an nounced.' '•Do you consider the haunted hous© branch of the psychiaal business a dividend* paying one?* ‘ib.e enthusiastic doctor gave the quei tioner a quizzical look, drew three or fonr etaccato whiffs a hifl'plpo, and sai l No*, that Hcema to mo tho most unsatisfactory part of our work, although severe! incon testable nud unexplained faots have been/ gathered/ Tho Society for Psychical Reioaroh guards* its gathered material* with great seo-eoy, Its rich fund of fact is not published a tiL they have been passed upon and thoroughly examined by the various committees ;.even then the names of those wbo contribute their* experiences are in no case famished to th© public, Among the following are tome of tho* mint astounding facte nn tho record ;. - , On 1st January, ISSGv at 10-a.m., Mr© T., a lady living iu a Western town, write© to % member of Congress, the husband of her* daughter, in Washington. Dr Hodgson ha© . seen the origUml letter. This letter explain© a telegram whiah Mrs T. had sent Only.three hours before, inquiring about her daughter'© health The original of this telegram has aUo boon seen by Dr Hodgson,. Th© telegram reads : To Urtu , H-ju-o oi Ucprnneat* lvai Wuhlot? i°o, t> 0.—I cm tMIl cumo If N«U tKedsmo. The signature is the mothers name. Mrs TVs loiter of explanation first say a that ah&* has been for sumo days anxious about bar daughter Nellie’s health, although thel© had been no illnoes of late. L&tterifrom; Washington had haod lacking for som© days; )he last ono had reported1 th© ' ’ daughter as having just returned lion*, making fifteen cans, ^very tired, and nearly frozen/ * I waked.’ says Mtb T,> 4 Isst nigOt between 12 and 1 o clock, deeply improved with the feetmg that Nell needed me, I wanted to got up and send a telegram. If I had consulted or lol'owed my own in« clinatiaoe, I would havo dressed and gone, down to the aicungruom.' Liter, however* Mrs. T.. went to slonp again; but in th©. f morning tho vivid impression returned A= 7. a m. Mrs X ueat tno telegram, and wrote apparently befoi. she r oeiv^d an answer, lor in the margin of the letter is added the postortptj ' Tolegram here - ■ thunk goodness you uro well/ The lady 1©. Washington, whose mother had had* - ao vivid an experience, had been seriously ill during tho same ni. ht>, ' although the morning bad found ber much better Her attack was a very sudden one, which eha described ab neuralgia of thu lungs, with a hard ohill. * It must hav© been/ she says, * about the hour-mentlontd in my mother's loiter that I* at last exclaimed 14 Oo, don’t I wish ma was here t I khall send for her to-morrow if I am no© belter/’ ’ In the mornlDg oame the telegram, from tho West, but the patient was better*, and she and her husband w re puzzled at her mother’s unoasincea, and replied by . ’ telegraph 4 We are >11 well;.what is th© matter with you V: ' ' ‘ A. Boston lady, whose position is nn abso lute guar*nteo of porfeot good faith, wrot©* ■* from Hamburg, Germany, on 23rd June last, to her oiMter, who was at that time In BostonI very nearly, wrot« from th© Hague,’ says tho leiler, to-say that I wa© very thankful when we had a letter from . you on 18ch Jano flaying, that you wet© Woll and happy. On the nigh*- of the I7llk I had what I supposedi to bo a nl.bt mare but it alt seemed to belong toyou and to be a horrid pain In your head, as if Ik were being fcroibly jammed; into an Iron casqpa or Borne such . leaBant inatrament of ' torture. The queer part of it was my uwa dLatsolution fro n the pain and th© oonvicllon that it was yours/ Tbislettet* ;writteu from Europe six, days after th© nightmare, leaves no room for supposing; that any now forgotten, coriespoudfcnoe bad psssed meanwhile. I« is, therefore, inter* e»ting to find, on a bill made out by a pro mineut Boston dentist, under date of June of last year, and addressed* to th© husband of the lady, to whom tht? foregoing • I letter was‘wriftm,.an ifcoin far ono and two* third knars’ work oa 17th June. It ii ala© tatTBstiog. lo learn from the lady in question that Ibis work was porformed for ; herae’f, and waa done upon a.very painful filling. The ditoomfork ancoeeding this work continued as a dulllpalo for some hours, ©ntfe. muet have been slmaltsneoos with ber* sistor’s nightmare. **.■?-« * An old gentleman living at Albany hftdt been 11 for months. His married daugh or resided at Worcester. One evening last, summer she suddenly laid down the book. •he waa reading and eaid to her. husband s , •I believe father ia dying/ She wft© strangely overcome by the impression, e» there had' been nothing whatever In tb* . , . conversation or In her own thoughts to lead to the fl©vjcQt of ber father’n health, Alt . that evening and the next morning th% feeling haunted her, until a despatch o*me sat log- that her fathss bad died the evening before. A Lowell physician waa called to bao a patient about 10 o’clock ono night, • It was extremely dark, and in alighting from bis conveyance h© made a mia step and sprained hi©, ankle severely. His wife, who was at hom© in bed asleep, suddenly awoke with th© vivid impression that an accident bad p© onrred to her husband, She arose, awaktnedfc the servant, and oemmunlcatad her fears t©. her, Nothing ponld Induce her to retain to bed. At 1 o’clock the doctor returned, and • * it was found that the moment of the u eldsnk. and of bis wife's awakening war© •lmnl'*-!‘ ' tanenus. He was three milee away frotx© [ boms at the time. v' ’’ A young ltd; of Boeton rai" vieiHng her unole at Montpelier, Vt fle had bat reoently moved there, an^ aha bad neve* been In* the Green Meant ala State be- " fire. The day altar her arrival ha [took her to a jeneeMer’a to eee aonilone' timepiece whi,& ^ t>t«n paentlotii^ ' FOR MICROFILMING ! '*»• tocal nt»wi*papef. This jeweller was a ftatfeot stranger to both undo and nlec« «flth»-r having heard of him before. Tr-e gentto'nan introduced hIraielf, and made koo»n hiH errand, and presented hi* niece. The jeweller, a very ooartami, affable man atreiched cut hla hand to ibe young lady. Hef eyc j caught night of it, ahe turned p*ie. began to tremble, and did not take the proffered hand. On leavirg the storo she to her uncle, ‘I couni no; fchake hands with that man ; there is b’ond on hi? fingers. Ho is a murderer.' Her unci* rid euled the idea, but it was afterwards learned that thirteen ye-r« before the. jeweller had been indicted for murder, Although, owing (o tbo breaking down of a wUcesa who at the first examination had told a atrai.htforward elory, he had escaped conviction, Mrs J., living In the suburbs, hid spfni be irorning shopping in BoBton. She a iya, I returned homo by trsin just in time to -alt dowu with my children to diuner, M> youngest, a sensitive, quick-witted little maiden of three years, was one of lha ciroln. Dinner had just commenced when I sud denly recollected an inoldcut of the morning shopping experience, which I meant to tell her, and I looked at fcho child with the full intention of spying, ‘Mamma saw a big black dog In the store,’ oatohing her e\ci in mine bb 1 paused an ioBtan* before sp-nking Juettlien something called off my attention, ar.d ths sentence was not uttered. Two minutes later, imagine mv astonishment to hear my little girl exclaim, 1 Mamma saw a big dog in a store.’ 'Yes I did,* I Rsaped, * but bow do you kn*w V ‘With Tam,-* W*,V..»Vve added, calmly Ignrrlrc my quration, 1 What cot «mV r 'DVick/ blow it was utterly impossible for tbo chllr to have been given even the slightest h!nt o the incident, as I was alone in town, and hari not seen my children until I met them at the dfreer table. Hero Is a narrative, vouched for by the highest authority, of experience, in a house some miles from Worcester. The man who sends it ia a well known manufacturer, and his word is as good bb hie bend, whioh would be honoured anywhere for lOO.OOOdola. He • In relating what I saw on a July moaning in 18S3 at my bouse, which I had but recently porobseed, I will first describe tbe room l.» which I saw It. It is a bedroom, with a win dow at either end, ■ door and a ficeplaco al opposite Bides. The room ia in tbe upper story of a two story house, said to have been built before the revolution. The walls aro un usually thick, and the roof high pointed and uneven, The oooupants at the time I speak of were my brother Henry, myself, and a servant woman. The latter slept In a room on the basement story. A hallw y divided my brother’s room from mine Oa I the night before the morning above men- j tioned l had looked my door, end having undressed and put out my light, I fell intu a sound, dreamless sleep, I awakened -j about 3 o’clock in the morning with my face I to ihe'front window. Opening my syce, I eaw before me the figure of a woman stoop ing down, and apparently looking at me. •Her head and shoulders were wrapped In a common grey woollen shawl. Her *ma were folded and wrapped in the shawl. I looked at her in my horror, and dared not cry out lest 1 might move the awful thing to speech or action. I lay and lo ked. and felt as if I should lose my reader, Behind her bead I saw the window and the growing dawn, the looking glass npon the toilet table, and the furniture in that part i of the room. 'After what may have b*>en only a few 1 seoondi—of the duration of tlm viwion I cannot judge—she raised hertelf and wen back ward toward the window, stood at the I toilet table and gradually w lehed. 1 mean she grew by utgrtea transparent, and that through the shawl and the grey drea^ ■he wore I saw the white mu silo of the tlble cover agun, and at last saw only chat In the place where she had stood. For iiours I lay as I had lain on waking, not during even to turn my eyes, lest on the -other Bidfi of the bed I should see her again. How there is One thing of which I cou'd take my oath, and that is tbat I did not mention Ibis circumstance either to my brother or to cur servant, or to any one elee •Exactly a fortnight afterward, when fitting at breakfast, I noticed that my brother seemed out nf sorts and did not eat. On my asking if anyth ng was the matter, he replied, ‘No; but I’ve had a horrible nightmare. Indeed,’ he went on, 'it was no nightmare. It was early this morning, jnst at distinctly ns l seo you.’ ‘What ?* I iu-ked, *A villainous* looking hag,’ he Answered, 4 with her head and arms wrapped 1 "in a grey shawl, stooping over me and looking like this.’. * He got up, foldrd Ms arms, and put him. telf In the. post'•re I remembered so well H* then described how the figurfl moved towards the door «Dd disappeared. 1 Her malevo lent face and her posture struck terror lo my soul.’ ‘A year later, in 'he month of July, ore evening about 7 o’clock, my second eldest •later and her two little children, who were vialtlng us, ware the only fo’ks al homo. ‘The eldest child, a boy of five years, wanted a drink of water, and on living the dining room to fetah it my sister desired the children to remain there ti 1 her retu n, she leaving the door open. Coming back as -quickly as possible she mot tbe boy, pale and trrmblirg on. bis way to her, and B?ked why he had left the room. ‘Oh,’ he said, ‘ who Is that womiD? Who is thst woman ?’ 1 Where ?’ she asked. ‘ That ohi woman who went up stairs,’ be answerSt She tried to convince him that there was bo one else !n the house, but be was so agitated and so eager to prove it tbat she took his trembling hand in here and brought him opatslrs, and went from one room to an other, • he searching behind oustiina and -under beds, still maintaining that a woman did bo no the stairs. My sister rightly thought tbst the mere fact of a woman going np stairs in a house where she was a stranger, would not account for tbe child's * A neighbour of ours started when we first told him what we had seen, and tbon naked if we had never beard that a wrmm hid been -murdered in that house many years previous to our purchaso of it. He asld it had the reputation of being hsnnUd, This was the first la lmation we had of. tbe fact. 4 On the night of the 7th July. 1886 1 was wakened from a sound sleop by some one spetki- g oloee to me. I turned round, say lug, Emily, whit Is it}' thinking that my sister’,'who slept in tbe room next to mine, had ohms in, I saw plainly the figure of a woman,who deliberately and silently moved away toward tbe ’door, whioh remained sbn-. ss I had left it, 1 Two days after this oocarrence I was wakened aboat 6 o'oloek in the morning by a presentiment of approsabing evil. I opened my eyee;<and distinctly saw the form of a. darkly-olad, elderly female bending over me with folded arms and glaring at me with the mostfhtense malignity I tried to scream, and .trnggled to withdraw myself from her, when she slowly and silently reoeded back ward;‘and Farmed to vaolsb through the liedriofii door.' 