"REMEMBER." CAHPTER I. BY T. HEWITSON, LL.B. "Issac Newman, you are a scoundrell You have done me bitter injury, and now you come to disturb my last hours by talking of regret and forgiveness Regret, forsooth, when the evil ia done, wben yon have plundered me to ! the last penny. Dare yoa talk of forgiven*— to me a* a duty t I most forgive yoa as I hope to be forgiven, most I? Perhaps ao; you alaraya were a (anting Bcriptare-quoting hypo-1 ?aite. X know yoa now. yoa oae, though I believed in yoa once; bat let me toll yon j it, is not my faigiveneu yoa will want, i Can my forgiveness avert the eternal ntribution which will aarely eeek oat and poniali rmoh am aa yoor*? Aa play ? Data, friend, and partner did I ever place say interests or hain-naa? before yoor* I Answer ana, man, end deny if yoa can that yoa have always necntly ood treacherously plotted to advanoe yoor aalfiah enda at my expease. Eahe friend, dishonest partner; eovetoua, ael fish, ood tmm ia nay dying indictment agaioat yoa. Go and let yoor own oonrMteaoejadge be tween as, bat remember " Here the speaker Btrnggled op in hia bed. while the death sweat gathered oa hia faoe and his eyes flamed sod ?lari_l in th?r ?__?_? hia ?_>_ ?_-,_g -1 _.. _r-—a ia strident hanh gasp*. "Bentsmber, when we meet next, aooounta will be oqaaied between oa.** The dying man fell bank and lay as be fell without farther speeoa ar motion. X moat have abrieked for help, for there oaaiebaiT-fiiig feet followed by the ringing of ' hnua and antinn* maawge* lor the doctor, and my next dazed anaoaory ia that of oiueiang through las wot dimly-lit streets repeaUsg. *^Beaae_ber, remember," bat arith ao par ' £eala> consciousness of anything exoept that I owa taking that dead man'a aorae iato By future life, ood with it a weight of rornoiso .which most drive me mad. Yet I had never . fl#i_ed bim any deliberate wrong. With all aay atlfisbneaa (I admit my aelfishnea* now) I loved him too much for that. I owed every . thing to bia generosity, and he had tbe rare gift of _?ir~f-- hia generosity appear so naturally the outcome of his regard for yoa as to mike tt a nkanoe to be under obligations to a_n. Steange coatradietioa. I loved ten tfae wfaQe my areediness tempted me etep by atop ta lake advantage of his easy natare aaau I had wovera arooid myself a chain of dmmatanoea which mastered me. There wo* a, time wben I eonld have made reatitation. bat I aaid, "Wait! I con double the ieat-atio>i." A_erwazda, when I would bare atoppad, I -eooldnt. ood it waa the diaoovery that I bad lost all in oae grand venture which lad to the iaanitable oonfawion, He might have for- Sen even that, bat far another diaoovery, bore recollection of which even now makes aae heartsick. Even that injury waa unpre —icditated. He had driveli me from hia death bed, aad though hi* dentmcistione had spared aae any reference to bk dead aiater, we both knew too aarely that her -memory waa the in -"roenee that bad driven oa hopelessly apart. Semember? Yes, God tiriisag me, I srould wrawhtw, aad if reatitatian to those belonging tefa_B, mm a lifetime of bitter remorse eoold bq_i_iw aaeoonta between oa, we might clasp band* jaa of old at that next myateriooa ff-*.in?, G—___n. TUrfy years has*, etanaed since the incident -Mch in the seaaaaoa of events ia placed at the beginning of thia authentic history. Ample t_Mtotrreparefarthetranritionfrom a aoot beaniicbed and fog-bedraggled Engliah oity to tbe diy stifling g_-e of a rami any **Boaiayhx . Melbourne. It v a time when even tiie artfirina ct the city 10-e their £rri—_h itnpnlsian aad grow languid; wben tboee withm eooonrage artmospheric cjrcnlafinra by opening all avail able —lets and ootleta deapite the peaetcabag dost, ood titoee wit_rat ahiink from the qatvarx?g heat into ahady byway* and under 'ii**l*l*li* There were many apata inMel boome on that day wben tbe glass registered above IOT in the shade, end the offioe of the tTiritirssl Employment Agency Company waa about as hat aa any. Everythine, bom the gritty bent*h ea tn tlte perspiring dem, waa aog s_e_ive of heat, and ttie attitaa—iaf twoclint* spreading tbfimwlves over tbe counter gave the hediaaattothe_aogga?tto?? that they waated vast*. The wiaaasei y_nly replying to their awjuiiiia witboat raiaing ma eyea from hia OMUe, <—t-t-pt to g——— at tfae do<_, acatoely antinrrl the ausuershat furtive aitrance af a -f—sag sasa of aa aspect dooidedly ahatrby ante-. After a bs_tat__ look at the geo tliman behind the daak, aad finding hia a*****satm tmeeknosriedged, the aev-?__r oat dowa easafoH-/, drawisrg hia - laat irliiatalh iaev__at aad painfad eaaaeioaa aaaa oi the dt—aencsea of hia pedal coverings. On*a_-oring hia hat he diaalnaed aaing_a_y iotwiatingfaao. Not that he wa* goodlaok iag nor did the waaaeaa of privat—a ia ao manga face Bttiba Vbm ohatsir. ao nnuh at na powetful iadividoality. ia atriking ooata.st to ths bated misery of hia big eyea. Pre acs?ly 1 o'olai— ant-srlad. and the agent, hw pticatne going aa hi* aapet-Baam^ dioaad tfae fotio bewaateferring to, aad witjoaat another -?al tamed away aod began patting aa hk i hat aadeoat Tha ooadidates far embays asat hating paid their faea, aad act being eerily j soiUd,bad lort aU farther inteaest for hint, { asd having eailed ana lad. be waa walking to tbe door without a glance at the waiting ?Imager, when the latter rose— "Onemoment, sir," he eaid, following. He spoke with a alight North country acsest, "Have yoa beard of anything r ** No, I havent young man." interrnpted the other, "and if I had wtot'e the oae; you're too co—edly pacttder for as." "Par_cul*r," edioed the straoger, with a wiiswaMe laogfa. "Say too shabby, starving, and unfriended, and tell God* honest truth, man, Yoa weren't too paiticalar to take a shabby atzanoer's last-shilling on the premise that yoor word waa good enough to get bim work." "Here," said the agent, trying to shake off the other* hold oa hia ana. "None of yoor bloated impudenor. yoa know. Let go, will yon? Go to the Western Port joh." "Nay: Walk 80 mflea ia thia weather and these boots, to do work that woold kill me ia a week. I've gone here aad then on yoor reeo?UDeadatua till I've mom both boot* and skin off. Wait," he continued, speaking more broadly io his excitement. "!__></the M_r fsetioa of apeaking far my maaey. I warn a fool to think yoa ooald help me. and a logger fool not to know that my whahhiaea* and mckli neaa would get me iaaolt aad aoipicioa iartead a* pity and employment." Taera, take that, aod clear oot.'' The that waaaabillinc thrown oa the pave ment. ?c the esoaparated agent broke away down the street, aweariagaodlbly and sweating fr~eif. Far one moment tbs blood raabed to the faea of the man. aa he looked feom tin i apimribg coin to tbe retreating donor, and he atarted foraraod aa though be srould have fol lowed, bnt the step wfa_h brought him within reach of tbe money changed hia parpoae. He kicked tbe agent's contribution into the gutter, and thaa turned bia face, whiter then ever, in the opposite direction. . During thia scene tbe two vagabonds had lounged oot to look on. " Hue's lack. Bill," i remarked one follooring the direction of th) shilling witb hia eye, and baring picked it oa" of tbe aewage and wiped it on his coat sleeve he ailently ]eiked hia thumb ia the direction o' af a pablic-house neatly opposite, and wen acraaa, followed by bia asate. Here they drank better days to tbwtaelves, with many homoroa. tvanii-nt* on thesimplicrity of new ehuma. Ia the meaatiiDe the new aham, aa they nailed bim, waa wandering on, one of the many haaian derelicts toasod on tfae sea of life in all great cities, starving on the thresholds of opulence and alone in a multitude. We know on tfae best authority the authority of those who have experienced it, that each things aaa aod do happen, and tbeir occurrence ia doe not ac moth to the lack of individual charity as ts tbe miae-aMe exigencies of society, which makes charity a public organisation, to ba dis pensed with offensive formalities by policemen and paid officials, making relief often mote I dreadful thaa starvation or suicide. So long j as men think they have aatitfied the claims of hamanity by maintaining destitute asylums and other public chanties ao long will there be sensitive wretches preferring to starve. Some eoeb rtfleeboos may have occurred to thia man -aa he turned into Bwaneton street, going, per \- baps aimlessly, perhaps impelled by aome \- drt—jful inatmt^ toward* the river. Ins few auaataa he waa oa tfae bridge, gazing ia a vague ahsarac-wii of misery at tfae thick doggish dnam, *'Oomaino-.oathe^"sddtiieoi>a- Btahia on duty, bat the man not moving ths officer took torn by the am m odtoni_daua ' eat j ward again, with aa emphatic teoo__ea dation to "Ec off now." Aadoffhe weat,aa .'lf l mechanically as a sleep-walker, while the con- I stable looked suspiciously after him. Up Swanston-atreet and Burke street, where he stopped to look io the window of a paibyoook. lahop before be palled oat aad counted his few remaining coppers. Then he went in, aad , passing by the stylish assistants, pieced two ! pennies before a plnmp old lady, and whispered | huskily," Give me as much *x> eat as that will .' bay," The old lady glanced at him, aad j without a word filled and gave him a_ paper of buna containing three times his moneys woith. He hesitated a moment, aaw tfae good old woman's eyes filling, and with a mattered " God bless yoa" hurried out He did not atop again until he came to the Treasury Gardens, where, finding a retire! nook, he aat down in the etude and devoured hia bona with wolfish appetite. He then drew aome much- worn letters from hia pocket and oomau?oed to read them. Pre*eatly be pat them back, and, dropping his head on his arms, his weakness and wretchedness found utterance in sobs which shook him like a palsy. So he remained until the western eon "fwating fierady on hia head brought bim to his feet. After a moment of uncertainty he tamed aad plodded again into die heart of the city. _______m. On the day we have beea speaking of Mr. Isaac Newman, wholesale merchant, wo* Ol at ease. Betoratog after luncheon to hi* offise, which being half buried ia the basement of a big warehouse oa the shady aide of Little Oollinavatreet, waa dusky and ood, he had anoouoced himself ia the outer offioe as "engaged." The engagement waa evidently with hia own thought*, for be began moodily pacing a half-circle around hk office taWa. Io appearand he was tall, spare, aad rjuad- Bfaouldered, with hair turned white; too white, asaqggeating ia eontraat to the vigor which lurked in his features eometfaiog of premature age. Oa the table lay amongst other docu ments aa opea afaeet covered with columns of figtuee, which apparently formed the subject of hia refiecbooa, for he stopped after a few turns to pick it np, aod after glancing over it threw it back aad resume! his perturbed walk. "Sevea thousand five hundred pounds." ba mattered; *' the very tram." After aome minutes, daring which his step grew slow aad aaeerteia, and his head drooped lower, be abruptly sat down as though breduag off bia train of thought aad his walk together, aad rang a handbell. A mere ooinddaaee," he marmared, ageia addressing himself—" This heat upsets aod wearies mer" aad dood, to tbe youth wbo at that moment opened the door." U Mx. Harry Newman ahoald call, I am not engaged." Here it may be remarked that to those who outside tfae routine of boaineas claimed only a slight acquaiataaae with Mr. Newmaa he waa, except in one solitary respect, melancholy aad re ?pectable—nothing more. Those among hit Moaar anqadataaos*. however, with better op portaaities far and keener powers of observa tion add among then—elves that the cold, blank oorfaee of character which be showed waa, with the exception, hinted at, simply an extreme effort of self repression—a disguise which ooald not wholly cover the turbulent depths af his inner lif a To expmas what they meant by a simile: he was like a datoberiog volcano, which, peaceful to outward seeming. ia ahndderiao; with ptemonrtifma of aooofliot of foroea within itaelf which will alt—lately shatter it from its bate. AH agreed, however, that io oae reapeot he abandooed restraint; i love for hi* only son sras the pasai—a to which . he not only yielded, bat which be autsed with . conKuning intensity. He bad daughter-*, wfaeee existence he remembered when be aaw them or waa called upon to pay their m<lliaer bflf?. "Tbey will marry, of coarse, and be —rmeiaot- e__at_ be m—god in aome other man. life-" and with this reflection any momentary concern for their fntore auggested ?on nth occaaions would be dismissed. It was not to diem or dower them that he toiled, schemed, and hoped. The golden profits of -hia lanky hits end judicious speculations for years past bad only gratified and stimulated him in raronorbon as tbey enabled him to bay fori—? boy hQ tbe advantage* which -~-"-fttftd with natord ability srould eaaure briUiaat aaeaem ia tbe lad's destined career aa a bar rister and politician. Now. as he still sits attsaog, it ia ronniag in his thoughts that he ia in a fair way of becoming a wedtby man, and already tfae aon of hia pnde i* atanding bright with tbe beanty and nromiaeof eadfy man hood oa the ttuesbdd of hia life's work—a great work, if the influence of money aod fatherly aiiilaiimi can make it great. ASaa, fond father ! It ia a bright pset_& inspired br affection, painted by fancy, aad rosy with hope; bat toere ia a black dulling shadow riaing between it and tfae old man'a mantel vision—a shadow which creep* noi atandy around him, freezing hia blood Mid ?dot-ping bia heart"a beating with the nameless terror of ita icy toaeh. It is the shadow of that Uvins destiny srhich even now is almost at the merchant, door. He starta up—"Seven tbrmsand five hundred pounds—sevea thooaand bre handled pounds! It mast be a cotvideiioe —astrange, atrange otnacidenee!" After a tarn around tbe room he again ait* down and goea oa thinking. By deques theairmthe room oxows \- heavier, the ticking of the dock becomes muffled to his tenses, and the doll roar of traffic die* away. Hia head ainka oa the table aod he ia aaleep. In bia deep he ?*?-—-?-_ and this ia the dream as he afterward* related it to the doctor. He aaw a bright landscape of wooded fa—s and grassy meadoaa, throagh which flawed a wide river. Something in the eoeue anggested vague aasocistion* of _* early daya. and while he waa attiring to disentangle the confusion of hi* memory into <—fi.i — _._>|*^. tion he noticed that the aooligbt area blotted oot in a moment, aad hiDo, meadowa, and rirera were being rapidly eashrooded io dark area, A glance at tbe aky evp_ined the caaae —an eoormooa murky cloud bung over tha prospect like a pell, and wa* gradually settling down. Lower and lower it aank, until it lay —— ? black miat over the river, ohutting it faos right and caating a weird gloom over the oonroandinga. Aa it touched the water the Hack maw alowly unfolded like a ahadowy certain, disclosing a circle of psleaareflsetad light, in tfae centre of whioh stood two human form*. A* the misty light grew clearer the feature* of both came slowly oat iato terrible distinctness. Oae waa tbe face of a young man, Ii rid aad deathlike, arith solemn r-eprosch fal eyes, which gazed right into tfae dreamer's. The otfarr waa the faoe of Harry Newman, a noble faoe, expressing at that moment, a* he ?—etched out both hands to his father, unutter able pity and love. Even while the dreamer waa striving with desperate frenzy to recover speech and motion, tile two forma aank throagh toe cloud to the river bed, the gloomy cartaia enfolded them once mors, and tne whole scene faded away. Than same a period of oblivion, followed by aa awakening into partial oon act—sn—Bof theaoaadaof many footfalls at a distance. Gradually by some mysterious per ception one footstep became distinguishable from the many; at first distant like the other*, bat gradually approaching and growing ominoody loader at each approach. And ao m adteadfodfearfeUontbeslsieper. Heatroggled to awake, for at any risk be must fly from that Bating footstep. Now it uin tbe very atreet; all other sounds are hushed in the echo of ita pitiless advance, and in hia mortal agony ths deeper is beating the air with clenched fists and foaming at the lips. Nearer and loader Mk? angry thunder. Is it at the door? It is here, and with one convulsive effort Mr, New man itarted to his feet, and opened his eyes at tile same moment on a dark figure standing opposite. The room bad grown duskier, and the merchant, bewildered and only half eon seioaa, leaned forward aod peered with staring, terrified eyes; slowly the hidden features grew out of the gloom into perfect distinctness, and the figure spoke, bat the words were unheard by Newman, for the face confronting him was the face livid and death like seen in his dream, and with a choking gasp and a clutch in the air ha had gone riobt down in a doubled-np, quivering heap. Five minutes later a cab was driven hastily np to the door of Newman's warehouse, and one of the clerks jumped oat and went hurriedly inside, followed more slowly by an elderly gentleman. After an interval they returned with tbe old merchant tottering between them, and having helpsd ban into 'the cab. Dr. Kirkham, the elderly gentleman, got in also, and gave the word "Albion Villa, street. Richmond." For the doctor Mr. lNewman evinced about aa much friendship as waa left in hia natare, and eVen that bad grown to aome extent out of the,doctor's interest in young Newman. Sokes, mon," the doctor was wont to obser-r^" bat ye'veapoiled a rare doctor. Why miadeyote a gran' natare and cramp a large heart an tfae de*il's aairviee. Yon can faae but two causes in tbe law—jguid lawyers bat bad loaa. Raid men bat bad lawyers." . ft ja only fair to-observe that few men >-?a_t a burger heart to die duties of their cailugjtlmntiMapei——himself. Natare had ! diplomaed him by stamping oo hia face a flattering . certificate ol philanthropy, aad many years of varied colonial experienoe had neither soared h_ native good-nature nor cared bia native brogue. _ These ohaiaoteriatias are meotioned to explain what took plaoe when, after a silent drive, they arrived at Mr. New- Bun's reridenoa. Albion Villa was a type of the class known as modern villas, rather prettily situated on the Yarra, and aorrroonded by well cultivated gronnds, whioh extended almost to the river bank. Having dismissed their driver, and pleaded indisposition to Mra. Newman, who met the doctor with a stately welcome, Mr. Newman led the way to the study. " I don't read modi mysel I," he said, motion ing the -doctor to a seat, and sitting down him self with a weary smile. " I've long since given np possession to Harry, snd only get admission now as a visitor." " He keepa a' the meat— and pheeaioal im plements o' cultivation handy, I obsairve,' answered ths other, glancing from the dumb bells, bat, aad pods, aad other sporting paraphernalia lying in one corner to ths book- Uttered table. "Tea; he know* how to nse them, too, I think." The father's eyes glistened for a moment aa he followed the doctor's glance until they rested on the page of an open note-book on the table, ami grew fixed in gloomy reverie. " Paii_n'thcragh_."eaidthedocb>r, mentally, watching him; and then dood, "Gome, you're feverish aod tired; tak' my advice and aay naething noo that ye can aay as weel or better the morrow. I'll dose ye, and do ye retire airly." " No, no; if yon can spare the time let me speak at once. You'll do me more good by hearing me. It'a friendly counsel, not physio, that I want" "Aye; if you're suffering trouble tell it. It's often the best care. Doot my pheesic if ye like, bat dinna doot my advice and sympathy." Chapter IV. The first part of Newman'* confidence is given in substance at the opening of this story. "I need not take np your time with details cf the difference between my partner, James Wharton, and myself," he con tinued, "The business portion of them arose out of oor partnership; of the other I dare not think, modi less speak. To come to what I wish to speak of. I confess, to my shame, that my vow of restitution was for gotten aa time and change by degrees dead ened the remorse of my first repentance. I suppose thia waa natural. I left England almost immediately after Wharton's death, and the next few yeara went quickly in the excitement of a digger's life. When I settled down I wanted all my money to start business with, and aU my energy and attention to keep going; and when at last I began to make money I had found another object to work and grow nob for. Yoa know what that was; aad hoe, again, I suppose my motives were proper and natural." He paused, seeming- to expect the doctor's opinion while afraid to challenge it. "Proper and natural, oertaialy, under ordi nary rircuiE?tanoes," Dot ia his hearer gravely. "Bat not ia my circumstances yoa mean. Well, a month ago I woold have quarrelled with any man wbo implied a* much, bat the past haa given np its dead, aa I may say, pretty freely within tfae last few days. Old memories have kept me busy trying to justify my motives to myself, and I can't. I have been a practical man, with no superstitious weakness aboat mo until now. Now I'm haunted, doctor, literally haunted. If the shadows that follow me are, as they say. the shadows of naming events, there at aome dread ful calamity over "if end my—my— family." ' The old man paused, aad shakily poncing out a glass of win* drank it at a gulp. Then at a nod from the doctor, and with a melan choly effort of humor, he proceeded. "Thank yoa, doctor, for not suggesting liver complaint or indigestion, which i* a colonial doctor's explanation of half the trouble in life, It'a exasperating to a practical man in real trouble to be told that his liver or his muooo* mem brane is making a fool of him. No cause in me haa called np past recollections, aad ao effort of mine; quite the reverse—they have crowded in on me in spite of myself, thi—cor and thicker each day, sleeping and waking, for a week peat. I dont even know how or when it began. To-mosrow Christmss Eta is the birthday of poor Wharton's death; bat that fact wool explain it. _ye epeat. God forgive me, many a Christmas with out giving it a thought. But hear what happened yettaday. Aa I aaid, I have bees in this mental state for mote thaa a week; and yesterday, when I aaw my balance sheet for nic past year, why, good heavens! the balance of ta-efil abown waa she e_ast amount I owndWharton at his death. Aoo iarideaoe. yoa te thinking; ao might lat any other time, bat to-day aaanetfaiag else happened. I f*U aaleep in theoffiee aftar lunch, sod had a atrange dream." After describing the dream oa almady told, tbe old merchant ooottnaed. let—ing <___ to the doctor, "I woke npana jatcped op almost at the same annate. laaa. describe how I felt R was* feeling that son. thing an* aaar aaa, aometbing nnoanny ood strange. I aaw on opening my eyes a mane figure with only the dark outlines visible at firat. Thinking I wa* still half dreaming, I looked antil tbe face of tbe figure aeemed to atart into the light It was Jamas Wharton's face—every feature as I aaw bim in my dream aod aa I re n_mbwed him oo hia dying Dad. Nowooder I fainted. Why, if my brain had taken fire and my heart bunt it would have aeemed a very natoral result of the horror of that moment. What does it ell mean, doctor? Tell me what you think, for I am half mad with thinking of it* For a moment tbe other aat —tat. While he waa thinking aome one tapped at the doot. The doctor waa rising when the door wa* opened aad a head popped into the room. "Excoaedistiii-iag yoa, "said the owner of tbe head, "bat—why, hleea me, you're in datk ' neas!" "Come in, Harry, rm having a chat with the doctor." "How are yoa,doctor? Shall I light op? They told me at the offioe you had been cent borne 01, father," be continued, aa he atrock a match and mounted a chair. " I hope it'a nothing serious." "No, my boy, a mere faintneae." The yocng man got off tbe chair and turned to shake hands with Dr. Kirkham. Seea ia the light he certainly was a fine sample of aa Australian, with a kind open face. "Yon look thoroughly done np. No wonder, alter such a day," he aaid to hit father. " It's been tin hottest thia summer, doctor," "Sac I ahoald think. Bat where hae yoa been baking.erael a'day? You're done brown, laddie." " Quite likely. I pat ia a ooaple of hoara' practice on theovaL" "Hear that. Gie these colonial salamanders a bat and ball. Newman, they'd play criskeT on the hearthstone o' Hadea, wi' the de'il for lang atap." " Long-atop would have a long inning* when hi* turn come though, bat I was told to aay dinner is waiting for yoa both, so don't keep the doctor too long." "Thank*, bnt ye mono excuse in. I canna stay. 11l ace you just noo, Harry," he con tinued, as tbe yoong man waa going " aboot dub matters." When Harry had gone the doctor said, "Noo, dear air. 111 no say hot what I'm sur prised at your story. You're ao that nervous or fanciful aa to imagine it a' ao readily. I'd like to think it oot; to diagnose it completely before I advise. To help me I'll ask a ques tion or two. Was anybody in tha office daring jour sleep, do yoa kea ? Mr. Newmaa shook bis head. "Ye dinna ken. Weel, that can be learnt, I daur say. Do ye correspoad wi' frena in England, Wi' any one in Lanoa shire f "iNo." " Think hard a minnte. Ha* naething oot side your ane thought* happened lately to remind you of your past connection wi' Wharton?" " No; I told yoa I know of nothing." "Did Wharton leave children" " His only child died daring Wharton's life." "Do ye ken anything o' bia other family connection* at present?" "Nothingat all." I " Weel, I won't pester farther. Dinna leave home till I ace you the morn. I'll ca'airly and talk the whole matter over. Thia much I'll say noo; malr* up your mind at ones to mak' amends by finding Warton's representa tives and fulfilling your pledge of restitution. You canna dae mair. Aa for your fear o' coming evil, remember, moo, that a 1 events in oor lives are ordered by an all-wise Providence. If a wrong, been done, repent and repair it, and yonll find tbat the self-same hand that dispenses justice" to the guilty is supremely merciful to the repentent Pat yoursel' wi' a' your trouble in that hand, and whatever happens then canna be eviL" In the pauses of this (for him) somewhat long speech, the doctor bad oommeooed writing a prescription. "Pheesic for the mind; noo for the body," be continued, finishing it. " Goid-bye, and cheer op." On the verandah the doctor found young Newman waiting. " Doctor,"he said, "there's something: wrong with the pater; I aaw it ia hia face. What is it?" " Here," returned the doctor, giving him the prescription, "send for this. Gie him an boor o' your liveliest company. Harry, between noo and bed. Chess, cuds, books, whatever he fancies, and the dose at bedtime, and there'll be naething the matter." "Not mnch wrong, to judge by the remedy. 111 brighten him up. never fear, but yon hav'n't said now what the matter is. What's the diagnosis, doctor?" "D n the diagnosis. Lnik here, my boy, you've got tbe beat o' fathers. Yan're a good aon, I know; be the best o* aon*." " I* tbat advice or reproach, doctor?1 * "Advice. Goid-bye." "Thank yoa, Fll remember it. Good-bye. Ob, bat the dab, yoa know?" " Anither time," bawled the other, now half way to the gate. "Goid-bye." Harry returned indoora. Hia father waa not in the dining-room, ao he proceeded to the study. The door waa ajar, and be heard the old man'a voice muttering brokenly within. Instinctively he hesitated, uncertain whether to go in or retire, and his features grew rigid while he paused within hearing of the sobbing, broken-hearted murmur— "toy God— g-ailty— guilty—visit me—take all —spare my son— spare the innocent." The yoong man turned to creep away, and aa he did ao the voice oeaaed for an instant ??Harry?" "Yes, father," replied Harry, going in. The merchant was rising off his knees, Harry thought, bat perhaps he was mistaken. "Give me yoor arm, my boy. and let na go to dinner. Dont notice me," he continued, seeing the expression of concern in his son's face, "I'm only a little wearied." "Really, father, I'll have to ohange places with you, and assume the responsibility of shortening yoor business hoora." "Ifsnotthat;—leastit'snotthatonly. Cer tainly business takes doae attention, and be sides I'm getting old; creeping into tbe shady dde of life, Harry." "Say the sunset side, pater. That aoggeata warmth smd glow." "Aye, and twilight after, my son; b—diatier, waits, ao come dong." Arm in arm they entered the dining-room. Tbe dinner circle consisted of the merchant, hia wife, Harry, and two sisters, comely, lady like girls of 15 and 17 respectively. Dinner at Newman's was generally a dull affair. Mrs, Newman ate little, and the little she did eat disagreed with her. Some perverse quality of her gastric jaioes apparently turned all her alimentary secretions into etai-ch, for her stiff ness and dignity at mcd times especially were an aggravated reproach to common sense, and a nightmare to the Aninitiated. Mr. Newman, silent with moat people, met his wife with the polite reserve due to a distant acquaintance. The yoong ladies limited themselves to the ; amdlest of small talk, so that the only oon ver- i satioa on general topics was asuatly confined to j father and son. Thia evening, however, the conversation grew pretty lively. The mer chant's spirits seemed suddenly to have risen with a rebound above their normd level. He even ventured to fire off a joke at his wife, bat missed deplorably, for the only visible effect waa a rjortentiotts wag of her chignon, with the Blanderoua remark that" trine on an _Bpty stomach was bad." '* Authorities differ it seams," put in Harry. *'T—nothy'a mediod adviser aaid something just the opposite, mother." " What's your programme for the holidays, Lucy ?" asked Mr. Newman, turning to his eldest daughter. The question answered its purpose of turning the current of talk into another channel, where it flowed prattlingly until at Harry's suggestion both gentlemen wentoutaide. Here they sat behind the lattice work screen of the verandah facing tbe river, the elder with his pipe and the younger with his cigarette. From tbe eliding heat indoors to the open air waa a grateful change. Grateful to the old man's overwrought seaaeawaathe deep and peaceful repose of tired nature. Night, lately skimming the near ocean, was n"w like the spirit of life fluttering her wings, cool with salt spray and laden arith fresh breeaea over tbe panting earth, fanning the fe—-red city into deep. The ailvery ehtmmer of a young moon filled the sky, enshroud ing tbe solemn radiance of the star* with a pde ghostly miat like the twilight of death. Oaating lengthening uncertain shadows and dancing in swift twinkling beauty oa a thousand leaves, tremulous with tbe breath of night The old man, except for oo nasi nasi in terjections, smoked his pipe in silence, while Harry chatted gaily aad the attains of a piano came at spasmodic intervals from within a* the girls alternately goaaiped and played. Tbns the evening wore away, and Hairy having gone from one snbjeot to another and erhanttwrl each, noticed his father nodding. | " I've fairly talked bim sleepy," he mattered. ** Well, let him deep, poor old chap," end light in* another cigarette he lay back and act him self to think of his father's rringnlar conduct Trying to reason out a conclusion on the basis of conjecture ia vdn and unprofitable, as Harry found. Afterthutkingfaraomemiaate* the only cond.asion he had arrived at waa that he waa getting sleepy bimadf. Mid while trying to o_dya* tfae aensaTion of sleepiness off be treat Tbe hey to the strange riddle waa nearer at band than the yoong man thought. H. like the old mandoEoag at ma aide, hia spirit lightened ot ita deeping day ooald have snatched aa awesome glimpse behind the veil ol the near faturra, tbat glimpse would ?__y base disclosed the figure of a shabby yoong man, with wan faoe and big sad eye*. Oncb a man bad that evening toiled dustily and painfully from the day towot—i Eschar—ad. After tnaay anttairie? ha bad tamed iato the street ha Bought, and about the time that Harry Newmaa feu asleep tfaewa-fanr had aaak dowa ia otter wteriaea* ia tfae *faadow of a garden fence, agaii irt which he aat with bia knee* drawn np to hi* chin. After aome minutes a person passed that way, and tha map, looking up, enquired for Albion Villa. Tbetnrned-ODiaoe one paleL notwith standing its dosty grin lines*, than when it had **r**^r^ tbe employment agent eat of a shilling acme hoars adore; for it was tfae same , "Albion v_ta? Mr. Newman's, taot it? Thia aide next tbe river," replied the pas ear by. pointing up tha atreet ** Thank you ;" and, riaing stiffly, he limps! away in the direction indicated. - In tbe meantime Mr. Newman aad hi* aoa still slept, the one dosing in oooatatd fitful torpidity, and tbe other breathing tfae rsgolar —?pirataoa of deep sleep. Indoors all waa atOlaow. Tbe moon had toaohed the horizon, and the atreet opposite sras only visible in the faint refiedtion of a distant gt—lamp. Pre sently a dsrk figure stole oot of the shadows towarda the river, and (topping opporite *tood motianleaa and dimly defined, evidently gaxtog at tbe hooae. Just then Mr. Newmaa started np with a half-sti_sd exclamation, aad glared around until hi* glanoe mated atnpidly oo hi* ?till deeping son. Then he rose aad com menced to pace tbe length of the verandah, aad a* he did so the motionless figure stole I back unobserved into the shadow*. Back ward aod foreraid went tbe old man, straggling J with tbe diaquieting demon which agaio pos sessed him. Backward and forward until the words of the doctor letnmed to bb mind. . " All events in our live* are ordered by Provi dence ;" asd he stopped to look op at tne atara, eloquent with lessons of infinity aod eternity. | ** Providesos! Nay, it is all mystery. lam , myself a mystery; for are there not percep tions within me which even now link me witb i the Incomprehensible, and bring me within { touch of the Invisible? And I tremble be- I cause I cannot understand myself. God is a mystery. Can He dter the great Has Been | ot tfae past; and if not, can He then dter tbe great Shall Be? since in eternity there is neither past, present, nor f Qtnre, bat all event* are immutably placed in the measureless round of cycles. And yet instinct is straoger than reason ; for aa the Buffering child to ita mother my heavy heart looks Godward for sympathy aad help." Again the figure stole out of the shadows and passed unseen towarda tbe river. Then Harry commenced to mutter in his deep and roll his head oneaaily. His father immedi ately went to him, and placing bia band with I caressing tenderness on the lad's forehead, whispered, *' Poor boy; bas it come to yoa at iMt?" Instantly Harry woke up. "Halloa, father; I thought yoa were nap ping" "Your though— were ia dreamland a minute ago. Harry." " Was I dreaming aloud ? By George, I bad I a queer sensation for a minnte or two. My foot* asleep yet Have you beea awake long ?'' be asked. "Not teo minute*. But what was your | dinotn i" enquired the father. " I cant *ay I waa dreaming; merely a mild ' nightmare. But isn't it late ?"' "Yee," replied Mr. Newman. "It's my , bedtime, if not yours." i They went inside together, and aaid good night at Mr. Newman's bedroom door. Long after hia father under tbe influence of the doc tor* draught bad sunk into a heavy deep, Harry was moving restlessly about the house. Whether owing to the recollection of his mild nightmare, or to tbe influence of late events, the idea of bed wsb strangely repugnant. With out undressing he lay down and tried to read, but soon found himself listening to the low mournful hum of the night wind aa it oow aod attain stirred the cypress tree at hia window. Then his thought* took np the aoaad, aad shaped it into the weeping refrain—"Spare my sen; spare the innocent" What did it mean, and woat did tbe doctor's words mean? Dr. Kitkbam knew, and must explain. Then with a fitful intention of working himself sleepy he stole, light in hand, into the study. He first. tried a page of the Digest, but threw it j down shortly with an exclamation of dis gUfet, and picked up a volume of Tennyson. After reading a few lines he put the open book face downward on the table and returned to his bedroom. Here he set I down tbe light, and first glancing at his watch, went oot into the verandah for another breath of fresh air. It was long after midnight, and the silence and majesty of the night were de preesiog to oae ia hi* mood. He remained only a few minutes, and was just turning to go inside again when he saw the figure of a man emerge out of the shadow of the trees Which skirted the river end of the garden. The figure moved swiftly towArd the bridge, passing under the full glue ofthe gaslight into the gloom beyond. Perhaps the peculiarity of the incident, or some nnaoooantable impulse more likely, prompted yoong Newman to keep the retreating figure in view. He walkeddown the garden, across the lawn, and vaulting the fence came in a few steps to the edge of tbe river. As he did so he aaw the same figure standing motionless on the bridge tinder the light of the central lamp, gazing, it aeemed, at the black water. For one-half minute, perhaps, Harry watched him in idle cariosity; the next, srith a sadden thrill, be realised what was aboat to happen, fee, meicifnl God, the man was -Urr.l>iu_ the parapet. _Ie spectator's wild cry as he started forward waa answered from the street' by another alarm. There waa a virion of a white horror-stricken faoe tamed skyward, of a body turning in mid-air and a heavy splash, and die next instant young Newmou bad darted a doaea yards along the bank, and was far out in tbe water striking out for tfae middle ofthe stream. And now, came the straggle for dear life. The man bar, aank deep where he strode tiie water, bat the current had brought him down, and there he waa, a black object bab bling on the surface a few feet away; half senseless indeed, bat fighting death with dl hia brute instincts of eelf-preservatioa re awakened. And now, with a knowledge of bia danger, the swimmer prepared to get past and seize him from behind; but the precaution came too late. Already one arm was gripped by the drowning man, and while Hairy straggled, threatened, and implored he lort hie own judgment and waaforoed beneath the water. Kising breathless with a roaring in his earn be did not hear the sound of oars and ahouta of encouragement close by, but a rapid change of position had enabled him to shake off the other's grip and keep him, inert and without movement now, head above water. Hia strength wa* going, his eyea were growing dim, and nia sodden dothee were weighing him down aa he turned for the bank. He heard the about of coming help this time, and feebly replied; but the boatman bad missed them in the uncertain light, and had to tarn his boat's bead bade up stream, and Harry waa already ainkuig. Still, hero-like, he only tightened hia hold.oo the other aad sought to recall hia fleet ing powers of mind and body to faoe death bravely if need be. One more effort—the boat wa* alongside, aad the supported body was being pulled in and bud in the bottom, while the boatman called oot to Harry "to lay hold of the ride." A cool head and a hand to each would have saved both, bat whea the boat man turned again Harry Newman was gone. Chapra? V. Next morning Dr. Kirkham, commencing his usnal round an hour earlier, drove straight to Albion Villa. He found his patient still in bed, mnch rested aad more tranquil. After the usual commonplaces the doctor went straight to die subject of the preceding evening. "Wed, Newman, yoor ghost of yester c'en ia likely to prove anbataotid flesh and blood noo." " How ao ?" enquired the other. "Thia way. I made it mybas—eaa to ace tbe yoong fellow who found you fainting. He say s a stranger came into the counting-boose and build him yon were in a fit o' some aort. 'The gentleman fell doon while I wasepaaking to him' ware the words, or something like that Wbo the atnager was. or what bis hard ness, or hoo he got admission wi'sae sin*'cere mony the youngster could na say, for he lost no time in attending to yon, while the stranger seems to hae lost no time in getting oot o' the road. Hoobeit be oa'ed wi' a parpoae, I daur aay, and will maist likely repeat the visit If be does they're to tak' notes o* his name aad business, if no private." " Did Prout aay what he waa like ?" broke io the merchant " I waa coming to that. A yoong man wi' dark hair, pale face, shabby grey uses, aad black hat Prout, as ye ca' tun. wad recognise tbe man by hi* eye*, he aay*. Hooever, that disposes o' the apparition. Whether ye saw a real likeness, or, suddenly waking np frae dreaming wi' tbe impression o' tbe Bream still in your mind, yoor fancy oomnnmieated that impasaaioa to tfae first fine ye aaw. doe* na much matter. What ye aaw waa a bring mon, ao the ghost o'a dead aae. Theoasfor tfae dream. Noo ye ken dreams are either the re productioa o' seassetive impressions received daring oor waking hoora, or——" Here tha doctors disaut I ation was cat short by the entry af Mrs. Newman with the ?"——'"-ft paper. "What a ahocking ocourrenoe 1" dm cried. "Did yoa read it, doctor?" shooting him pace graph. "An attempted am—da; at oor very door too." Dr. Kirkham took the paper and ona g_r_o> ing over it. What!" he suddeoly (booted. "In tbe name o' utter dell—eat. what's this? Why, sake* alive, Newman, here* aa aatoniahiag thing." "What—the auicider aaid Newman, who bad started np io bed. "Aye, aad tbe name. _Nik at tfae name, mon," continued the doctor, throating the paper into Newman'* hand—"James Whar ton." "James Wharton," repeated tbe other daaedly. He took the paper and read the paragraph. It briefly reported an attempted soicide ia the Varra at Eiohmaod, and a gallant rescue at the oost, it sras feamd, of ths rescuer'a life. The reporter added that the would-be suicide's name waa believed to be Jamea Wharton^fram evidence found an bim, bat that no partaculara of the man supposed te be drowned were known, die report having been received only at tfae lsat moment The old man dropped tfae paper aad looked up belplea-ty at the doctor. "After a'," add that gentleman, by thia time ashamed oi hia imiHdwyrnaaa, "it's only a singular circumstance that the name should turn np just noo. For tfae rest the puir fallow ia parbapa ona o' fifty o' tfae aame aame." "Where's Harry?" add Newmaa, addreas iag bis wife. "Goodness knows. On the river, moot likely. He ought to be in by this. ** "Be good enough to aae if be ia back." The lady. __nee aa ahe a wept ant of tne mom ana ia evident itmiitmi?il of both die maimer and tone of tfae re—nest, Bat in a annate ahn wee bade. "Oh. leaae; his bed baant beea dapt ia," "Not slept in?" echoed ber basband.and the doctor saw his faoe turn grey. ?* T_? mon; dinna be alarmed at that He may have stretched oa tbe verandah. Allow me to ace," aad Dr. Kirkham air-ode to Sany. room. A glance showed that die beddotbes had not been occupied, though they had been lain 00, aad the candle had burnt out ia the eooket. When the doctor returned Mra. Newman waa gone and ber husband ana dieastog. " Haa be ao oome libcTi ?" "No; 1 wiab be were, I wish to God be were." " Hell come soon. He* evidently lain doon to read and gone off to sleep, for the oaoad wa* left to born **-*'. 11l walk to the bridge aad see if his boat's aboat" Tbe doctor hurried oat. Despite tas assu rance* tbe sense of too much mystery waa beginning to oppress him and fill him with mugiving. At tbe bridge be saw only tbe usual sprinkling of morbid Bight- seers, who, for the oomplete enjoyment of the late tragedy, preferred to picture and Hm^-,—. jta details amid tfae proper ?arroaadiagr. Hardly daring to oonfeaa his motive* even to himadf, the doctor passed on to the local police-station, where be made some enquiries about the drowned man, with no result beyond learning tbat tbe body, ao far aa tbey —new, had not been found. " And tha other man *" "Oh, ne ia all right," was die reply, "aud didn't ewr_ over pleased to find himself still alive. He had been taken," the doctor's in formant added, "tothe Melbourne Hospital, where he eras likely to stay for a day or so." Going back to the villa die doctor found his unfortunate friend ia a lethargy of misery and all the family alarmed. It took all the self-control and in sistency tbe doctor ooald command to combat their worst fears without showing his own. and to obtain tbeir promise to leave all enquiry to him. Then having made a few hasty visits elsewhere, he drove straight back to the city morgue and repeated his enquiries. Yea, a body bad just been brought in whioh be could see." Found in tfae Yarra," aaid the officer, a* having led the stay in he reverently uncovered tfaedead. No need to seek further. The slime of the river still dung to his wavy hair, bat death's obliterating touch had spared enough to leave no doubts of identity. "Pair, pair Harry," groaned the doctor; "aye, cover him up. Dust to dust. Hia plaoe noo is moor memories," and Dr. Kirkham returned with Blow step and heavy heart to his carriage, and was driven to his consulting-rooms. Here he aat in painful thoughts for some minutes. "It maun be done," he sighed at length; " bat boo?" And taking pen and paper he wrote:— " 1 have found him. He has met witb an acci dent," I daren't go nearer the troth. "It will prepare them," he communed, and then added the words—" Will see you within an hour." First enclosing and addressing it to I. Newman, Erg., he went oat aad gave it to his coachman with instructions to drive at onoe to Albion Villa and deliver it. Then he started on foot for the hospital. He had no difficulty in getting admission to the accident ward, and on entering the nurse who ac companied him pointed out a yoong man propped up in bed, "That's the man." At the doctor's approach the patient turned on him a pair of eerie dark eyes and a face of deadly Pdlor. £_!-_ "I am Dr. Kirkham," aaid tbat gentleman, seating himself by the bedside, " with your leave I'll ask a question or two." Tbe man kept those atrange eyes of his fixed oa his visitor's faoe, but add not a word, "I'm asking on behalf o' the relatione o' the youth who lo?t his life saving yours," continued the doctor apologetically. "I didn't want saving," ap__e the m?n hoarsely. "It were a wasted sacrifice, yet a kind one, God knows, a nobly kind one." "Yoa are James Wharton?" The other nodded, while a scarcely perceptible flicker of surprise gleamed in hia steady gaze, "and frae Lancashire by yoor aocent ?" " Bolton," pot in tbe other. " Waa your father a Bolton man V " He waa." " And his name ?" "James Wharton." " I've beard of James Wharton; formerly in business wi' one Isaac Newmaa. He died aboot SO yeara ago." " That waa my father. What " "But, mon," interrupted the doctor, "he left no children living " 'Aye, bat he did; he left me, bom cix month* after the day he deed." "Then," aaid the doctor, riaing, "if you're what yoa say, James Wharton, you'll live to find life's worth keeping; and then you'll be amazed aa I am at the awfa' dispensation o' Providenoe which made yon pair lad's life the price o' yours. Nay, dinna ask why. You've foaa' fren'e, that's a*. There's my card; if I'm no back before ye quit this, ge straight to that address." . Itwaa Obristmas Day. A merry Christmas perchance to those for whom the current of events ran smoothly; to those who, with faith and patience begotten of the holiness of the time, found strength to bury tfae dead past, and rejoice tonew- bcrrahopeforthefatare, A sad Christmas in the households where tha Destroyer, band, without respect to aeaaon, had plneked down the mistletoe aad ivy to replace them with the cypress and ar<*htBhsd->. Bad to the mourners, who, like Isaac Newman, found the lessons of life hard to learn, and la belled beneath tfae rod. Albion Villa waa darkened aad hashed. The first load lamen tation of tbe women had been awed into silenoa and pity, for they aeemed tbe mere noisy mockery of grief in the presence of the old man's tearless despair. AU the long Christmas Eve, and far into Christmas Day, he had aat alone with his dead. When Lucy begged him to retire he had for long neither by word nor look ehown any consciousness, bat still stared at vacancy, until aroused by her tearfol embraces, he bad ottered fierce blasphemies, anon imprecating and again denying his Creator in the madness which prompts sorrow ing men to corse God and die. Then inaensi bQity relieved bia sufferings, and before mid night he was in his bed babbling nursery rhyme*, and in his delirium dandling hie baby boy again on his knees or soothing "him with plaintive lullaby to sleep. A sad Christmas indeed. Chapter VL A year baa passed, and it is again the even ing of Christmas Day. _ae open window of Alhion Villa affords a glimpee of thebrightiy lit drawing-room and a cheerful family group, the central figure of which ia old Isaac Newman, older now aad stooping more than ever. Two gentlemen are on the verandah conversing in low voice*. "I hae been dreading thia day, and canna express the relief I fed at finding oor fren' aae cbeerfn'." The speaker is Dr. Kirkhaio. "Bat the fac' is his whole life baa beea a struggle between doty and inclination, and noo the struggle's post and his mind'a at rest." "Yet r_ sure he thinks of his eon every day. He can bear to talk of him and bear him talked of latterly,*" replied James Wharton, now the junior partner of Newmaa and Co "Aye, bat what does that prove? that he has learnt to associate hia thought- o* Harry wi* tbe fntore, Mair than that. Wharton, to a degree yon hae replaced the loaa by reviving his airly love for your father; and the mair he doe* lor ye tbe mair he feds, as he says, that the aold account is being squared.*' " Whatever ill be did my lather I foigive as anrdy aa God does, for hia dead H_*ry _ sake, not to speak of what he's done for me nim^elf. Tfae balance is on f other aide by a long way now." "Weel, Wharton, its no tbe least o' the aaid man's comforts to find yoor gratitude aae sin cere and manifest." 41 By-the-bye, doctor, you onoemenKooed the queer circcmstaaoes leading np to what hap pened laat Christmas Day, Hot* yoa say opinioa as to the cause?" "You'll find any opeeniona aweebitauld fashioned, Wharton,** aa opeeniona go noo-a daye. "Your scientific nineteenth oeufany man main tains that a' phenomena in tbe life and experience o' man are governed by unchanging _wa, ri ther pbyriologi_] err psytialogicaL Tee him a meerade ia naething man- than a subject' for investigation. If he meets a ghaut, instead o' running awa' or stiffening oot like bia graa' father wad hae done, he calmly tak. oot his notebook and aaya,' Be good enough to'poiat out the objective reality which yon represent' He leaves naething to Providence onlem its tbe making o' Hia am laws. 'Admitting that wha£ ye ca' Providence make* thae law*,' aay* he, ?weel and goid; but let Him no interfere wi' them arben made.' Sac the state o' mind or impressions which led Newmaa suddenly and aboot the time o' yoor arrival here to think o' yoor father an' remorse aa' foreboding, tbe impulse which led yoa to die warehouse, and then, getting the address, to come oot and hang aboot the hooae, he ea _ thought transference or telepathy—awe mind throagh space influencing andher. The dream he cansatea in the same way; beooe ye has the whole chain o* events originating na the operation o* a simple law o* the mind. 1_ no controvert the theory. For myael' I prefair the auld faith in aa Overrnling Power; wfaooa Hand can be pleinlyeeen in this case. Botthay are calling oa ; let oa go iv," And rising tbey pass together into the light. 