A Dissipated Ghost. AH AMERICAN STORY. , ! I was a book'keeper in Chicago at the time of the great fire, and, like many others, was left byit homeless, penniless, and friendles, my employers being too crippled by the calamity to continue business. Unlike many others, though, within a week I had the good fortune to accidentally meet a civil engineer whom I had known slightly when I was a lad, and on making myself known to him he offered me work as an assistant on the pre liminary survey of a projected railroad which he was then on his way to make. It goes without saying that I accepted gladly, the more so' because I was young,and vigorous, deteited office slavery, and coveted- openiair employment. The party to which I was attached was ex ceptional, in that the entire staff were edu cated gentlemen and good fellows, good natured and jolly, with an unlimited capacity for making amusement, while the laborers, the " hewers of wood and drawers of water," seemed to follow their lead, and cheerfully took their hardships like pleasures. In fact, I believe that the hilarity and urbanity of the staff had attracted the very choicest of. the laborers to seek employment with the party. At any rate, except while at work, there was small distinction of rank, and many an even-: ing did we make the quiet night ring with the united shouts of the party as we laughed over some comical story and bandied jokes with one another; and often and often did the flames of our camp-fire leap in unison with a tuneful chorus, whose notes floated off into the wilderness around us and wafted strains of the joys of civilisation to.the untu tored savage in the far distance. The. chief of our party was an engineer named Jones (of course, that wasn't his name, but it will serve), a short, fat, cheery, little man, with an imperturbable acceptance of circumstances, however, adverse, which often struck me as an attribute of a fatalist. Every one called him major, though nobody could tell why. There was nothing in his bearing to inspire the application of a military title -rather the contrary-but'still we all called him major. I never saw another man so full of straightforward energy, so thoughful of the welfare of his subordinates, so faithful to his duty, and, withal, so merry and -appar ently light-hearted. 'He seemed to like the wild life of a preliminary survey, anid once told us, as we lay about our fire at night talking of home and our, ultimate return there, that he would like to die without ever. seeing the'settlements'again. This remark set us all to talking in a re miniscent, strain, and from mothers, sisters, and sweethearts we passed on tothe rosy joys of the opera, the ballet,andi the circus; of Nilsson.as Lucia, Lucca as Zerlina, Aimidee in "La 'Jolie Parfumeuse,"'Dan Bryant and Charlie Backus, Sotherni, Jefferson, and Booth. . One fellow exulted 6oier suppers with dashing blondes of the variety stage; another lamented the passage of his successes as a leader of society; -another gloated over all-night sprees,.and discoursed of absinthe as a morning healer. Many were the recol lections of the Argyle Rooms in New, York, of nocturnal adventures in the streets behind Covent. Gardens in London, of vild nights in Paris, Vienna, Venice, or San Francisco ; and the dancing-girl of Honolunl, Yokohama, and Delhi were descanted upon till a general indication of envious discontent warned us to change our topic, Then we talked' "gour mandise," and compared whisky and bacbn with omelet souffld, frogs a la poulette, and champagne frappd. We were all wise on the merits of the various beers, and some of us could talk of Chambertin, Clos ?Vougeot, Chateau. Yquem, and Johannisberger, which we ignorantly flattered ourselves'we knew something about. Finally, Jack Saxton got up and lazily stretched himself, remarking : " Well, gentlemen, you may all talk about delicious drinks,- but I tell you thatl in the old days 'the finest dirink I ever tasted was a big pull-out of my softtwater'pitcher about five 'o'clock in. the. morning.: '; Most: of us knew sofnething about that, too, and, the boys said, nothing, but drifted quietly bff to their blankets, leaving Jones arid me to finish our pipes by the dying fire. We smoked in silence for.afe niiminutes, and then the chief turned and lookedintently at me, with a far-away look'in his eyes that I had never seen there.before. !: Presently he said: " My boys, youn were all of.you wise.to take the good things of 'liffewhen they were within your reach, for i the .tiniill come, alive or later, when the ashes of remem brance will ibe all youd'can' hope for out 'of 'the glory; of existence., I.,. Ienjoyed those things once-enjoyed them so that I don't like to talk or even think 'about them.; Thank your stars, old fellow, that you are stillhere to embrace the fragrant delight of them." He leaned' back on his elbow andd looked off into the sky, diligently shooting great mouth- fuls of smoke at a cloud which swung along the horizon. At length he said, half to hiim self and almost defiantly : "I thinkk:I will tell you my story. I' don't know why I shouldn't. I know you will reslpect my con- fidence, and it will serve to bring m e"to mind sometimes when you are 'a staid old citizen and I am a rotting skeleton." . I said nothing, but refilled my pipe, threw a chunk of wood on the fire, and stretched mlyself but again where I. could see his pleasant face by the flickering firelight. After a few more smoke-puffs, h'e com menced : "Soon. after the war .began I left: college with my'civil engineer's degree in my pocket, and ,I immediately enlisted'in-2call it the.-One Hundred anid Fourth Rhode Island. I went out. as first lieutenant, was soon made captain, and was with my com pany at the battle of Antietam. During the day I was hit in the face by a'fragment of a shell, whick knocked me down and stunned me for a few moments, but I soon came to myself, found that I was not seriously hurt, and hurried on after the company, which had gone ahead. When I caught up with'them, the men told me that the same shell which had upset me had killed a private, named John P. Weed, completely. disembowelling him. I had!passed the poor fellow's frag-: ments, but didn't look to see who it was. Y i. know that in the volunteer service the . 'separation between E officer-aiid private ias' not very marked, and .I had come to know Weed prettytwell, but' in thie heat of blattle there wasn't time to bei sorry forhis death.l I took that out l1ng afterward. He was a queer, spiritualistic sort of fellow, with no direct belief in anything, and'entirely with out respect for the moral laws of the'nine teenth century.,. We often talked together, and he had told me that he hadrio kin in the, world, and he used to wonder, if he shobiid be killed, what would become of' abiout fifteen hundred dollars [which lay to his credit in the Grocers' and Chemists' Bank of INew -York. He had been a bon vivant in all ways, and it seemed to grieve'hiii that he had not had time to creditably spend it'in luxurious disisipation before he enlisted. " Well, I served through the war and came out a major, and,by the way, the title is the only remnant of my old life that clings to me now, and I can't get rid of that?'" ":' "After the war:I didn't think of going at my profession, for I[ was too rusty in it, .and I obtained a clerkship in .he Grocers' and Chemists' Bank, through the iinfluence of friends. With thle vagabond instincts of: a soldier still in me.i- devoted mynightspr~etty generally to the illicit pleasures with which' the city abounded, but I estuck by my, work paying teller. Of course, I couldn't raise the ueuce at nights without spending a 'lot of money, so my salary was always overdrawn;, and I was in debt besides, Qne day I got to thinking of Weed, and I went " to the books and found, sure ehough, the fifteen hundr??i and odd dollars still to his credit. Ai:' ter thate I used to brood over it a good deal, and think what a pity it wasi thatsomuch money should lie there in the bank foreyr, ndverto do any one any good, an? what' a godsend it would be for me if I had it. .i ' "One night I got into' a gaei of poker, and lost to one of my fellow.clerks a good deal more money than I could pay. I gave him my I O U for the amount, and he promised me my revenge whenever I chose. The next day, just as the bank was about to close, a man walkedj up to the counter and put out his hand saying: ' Hello,-Captain. Just identify mre, wilWlyouo o Ibr-an rwiidr my money.' Gret Godl It was Jhii P. Weed himself! I 'starediat him zin namazemenpt, and saidffeebly :'' But look liere',ou know you're dead.' 'I may be dead, butI'm,alive 'enough^'f'ii t you to dine'with me to night, and he drew a check for fifteen hun dred dollars, and I, dazed with the shock paid it, knowing his signature well enough ' Now, put on your hat and come out and take,a drinkwith me,' he said, and, my duties being over for the day, I went. We had a drink or :two, and then; went;out on the, Bloomingdale road for a drive, after which we dined at Delmonico's.' I tried bard to get him to explain his astonishing reappear ance, but he put me off with: 'Never mind that now; tell you' to-mbrrow.' "After din ner, both of us rather excited by drinking,' Weed said: 'Now, I want to do the'town to-night, and you've got to come .with.:me.' I protested weakly, saying that I had no money. i' What' of that ?"I I have .plenty, and it's my treat. *But hn·ere, if" you're squeamish, take this and we'll go and copper the ace, and see.if we can't win enough fori ,you. I'll stand the losses,' and he, handed me fifty dollars. That suitedi e to death so we went to Mike Murray's, and in half an hdur I had: won .several hundred dollars, with which we pulled out. As we turned into Broadway, I saw my poker creditor on the other side of the street, and I excused myself for a minute, and ran over 't' him. 'I say, Stone, I want to take up myI 0 U.' 'All right.;, but I thpught you were broke.' I was just tipsy enough to be cunning, so I replied, ' Never you 'mind that; I can always find a way. to pay my debts of honor.' I gave him the money, and rejoined Weed. ," That was the wildest I ever put it. We had a box at a theatre for a little, while, and then. got a carriage and 'took in the town,' spending our money like crazy men. I left him at six o'clock in the morning, at the -Hoffman house, where he said he was stop ping. "I was' late at the bank that morning, and when I got there was told that the cashier wanted me. i I, of odurse, expected a reprimand for being late, and had- concocted a yarn about ia. sick friend; 'but wheq L went inI saw that he iad. Weed's chIeck ip j his hand.- .-- ' : ' "Mr. Jones,:did :you pay this check ?' S"' Was the party identified;to you by any. 'one?' " .. . . "'No,sir; 'I'knew him. He wa"in my company during the war. "' Was it to.Mr. -Weed himself,, then, 'tihat you paid the money?' "'Yes, sir.' - . - , "' H-m-im. This is very strange. Have you ever seen him since'you lefIt the armyn?' "'Not until.yesterday.' ;! S"' Did you not know that he was supposed', to have been killebdin the army. ' '. .,;. , "' Yes, sir--that is, I thought he was killed atAntietam" ' '" . ' ! i "'Were you not there at-the time ': " "' Yes, sir;' I was struck; by the same, shot.' . . ' "' That will do, Mr. Jones. This requires .looking into.' You will' consider' yourself suspended for the present, and I-would not advise you to attemptto leave the city.; "I was horribly indignant at his implied. suspicion, a~d went out in sp'eechless rage, hurrying to .the Hoffman'House to find Weed and take him.to'the bank and trium phantly clear myself of any ,accusation of: dishonesty. My boy, they told me there was. no.such man there. Almost paralyzed by the scrape I foundmyself in, Ispentthe next thrde days in scouring the city for him, but-he had disappeared and :left.no trace. i The hackman 'and other people who had seen us on that cursed night could not.remember him dis ;tihctly enough to think they would kriow him again. ' .... " , 'On the fourth,day I was summoned to the bank, and .found the directors all as sembled in the bank parlor. I was given a seat and the president addressed'me : ."' Mr. Jones, a very grave charge'has been made against you, and, after due .investiga tion, we find the evidence strongly ;in sup port of it. On Monday last you claim to, have paid this'check to its signer, 'Jbhn P.' Weed. We learn from the War Department, and from some of his many. comrades, that: Weed:was killed at the battle, of Antietam." He has never been seen alive since, and his; back pay has' neveri beei' claimed friom the' .Government." PYou were, his coinmanding officer, were familiar with his signature, and 'knew that he left no heirs. : We have had your habits of life investigated, and we find that you have been aiddicted to ganimbling and other evil associations, that you 'are in dei't, and have been living beyond your means. We find that on Monday evening. you: had paid lMr. Stone quite a sum of money which you owed him, although on .that, day.you had told.hirm you were' iinable to' pay the debt. You. were .not i seen ;to ' pay'' this check,' although all the:other checks were in the bank'as usual until after you left on Monday. Mr. Jones, there is dnly onfe conclusion that we can draw; . nles.'you' can'' bring Mr. Weed himself before us,, we :shall believe that, yielding to what ,we hope was- a-.mo mentary temptation, you forged this check, to provide the means for the indulgence of vicious.propensities.':'Have you anything to say?' ' : " What could I say?. I could not produce Weed; and the temptation to get some one to personate him was quickly 'put aside, for discovery would have been certain. I told them. The president said that out of con sideration for my friends they. would not prosecute me, gave me some friendly, advice about my future life,: and I went, out of the bank a disgraced'man;. 'My bondsmen paid the; money,- and I came West and went engineering. I heard'afterward' that Stone was also'discharged for playing poker." i Poor old Chief I He was killedisoon,after-. ward by a bodder ruffiani in North .Platte. Was it the ghlost of Weed, I wonder, or --?" I don't like to speculate' upon it;' I 'liked .Jones,'and never :knewi him to :tell an unn truth. " ,, . . ,. ':,! . - i *; 