HE SEAL OF THE SNAKE: A SEORFET IN SFCIVEN OOILS. [BY R. E. FKANCILLON.] COLL THE SIXTH. KINO AND QUSBH._ " You see my worldly possessions." "I suppose eo. And I suppose, as an American! you don't think much ot that— that you are already planning how to turn shipwreck into capital?" "£ don't know a boat that," said Francis. "But if I were—I could eell yon a secret worth a good many thousand pounds—that is to eay, dollars." " Ot course. What is it, however ? «ot that I promise to bay," said Aidte, glancing round hit meagrely tarnished room. n "It is how to parry the coup dz Bayard. "And what may that be—the coup dc Bayard V , , " Wbv, what oar friend the dootor took for a death warrant: and that onsht to have been, by every rule. I saw your duet: and that lad you fought with knew a thrust that I thought—" ^ _ ,, «< What—an American sailor a matire d'armts ? I shall certainly not object to a few lessons, if that be so. But that wasn't what I meant when I supposed you wanted help on your way. Of course, you are bound for Port Louis!" •• Or course." " Then you are the very man I want. I am not able to mount a horse yet, and 1 want a very pressing message takento a friend ot mine—a planter whose place will not be ver/ far out ot your way. On you tide "1 can sit a horse without falling." 4 1 Yon have many accomplishments for an American sailor—it ycu can fence, ride, sod speak French like a native—Englishman. 1 will give you a gold piece, and my friend will forward yoo. Bring me that inkstand, and cne of those sheets oi paper" 1 Do you mean to say chat you oan write, you.' It was certainly very strange. The man who only a few minutes ago seemed to be at the last gasp was talking energetically and writing fluently. It was like magic—had he declared himself ready to be his own mounted messenger, Francis would no longer have been surprised. The letter was long, but quickly written, as by one with whom thoughts and words are the same things. " Bring me the sealing wax and that taper, said he. He folded and sealed the letter with the steadiest of hands. "There—tell Andromache to tell Pollux to give yon my own horse and to direct you to Chateau Mirabel When you arrive there, deliver this into Monsieur £asqual's own hands." „ "Monsieur— JPasqnal did you say?" For at the name a hundred memories crowded into Francis Grenvil's memory; that old Hotel in the old quarter of Bordeaux; the blue Oaronne; and that more than half pleasant captivity when the sailor turned pedagogue and learned the coup de Bayard, both thrust and party. " Yes—Monsieur PasquaL" Well, Pasqual is not, after all, a name that one does not expect to meet twice in a lifetime—it was not like Joiipas, and there was DO reason for making a confidant of this masterful Creole. Surely the stars in their counts were fighting for Francis Grenvil's grand idea. Not only was the route to Port iionis being laid open to him, but he was being speeded on his way. " VfelV asked Doctor Jolipas, as Francis re- entered the hail, or kitchen. *' It is over —now!" "Quite over, Doctor. Hell never need you any more." "I knew it. Do yon hear, Andromache, you old black fool?" " I think," Bald Francis, a little maliciously, to the old lady, " you had better cook a steak, or something of that kind, i never saw a man so little like to die since I was a cadet—1 mean a powder -monkey—that it to say I mean a boy." Bat neither ot his bearers was qualified to catch him tripping among nice distinction*. *' It is only the flicker," sighed the doctor, " Or, if not—it is not for a regular practitioner. a graduate of Paris, to remain in a house where aU the 1&WB; of surgery are brought into contempt and put to scorn. In Port Louis, as in i*arie, when a man is mortally wounded, he dies. Things may be ordered differently at Fontaines Ronsses. A wound followed by internal hemorrhage may be benxficiai— here. Cook a steak by ail means, Mother Andromaohe. When anybody next gets shot through the heart, I will prescribe a roast fowl. The true surgeon never ceases to learn. Is my horse ready? Good day, mother; good day, monsieur. The next time I am wanted beyond a mile from Port Louis, I shall refer the patient to a negress and a sailor. Good day, monsieur and madame." Hugh.'" ejaculated Andromache, with a snort ol of such triumph as tilled filled Francis with tosh curiosity and Doctor Jclipas with infinite scoin. Francis did not lose his way, thanks to his instructions and his horse's instinct, more eight times between Fontaines Koasses and Cb&tean; Mirabel, where he arrived before sundown. And glad enough be was when he slipped from bis saddle and asked at the open entrance of the first servant he Baw for Monsieur Pasqa&l.; I spare to chronicle the incidents of the route—they were innu merable—but tbey are of no moment, since he arrived. As it chanced the young mistress—for so he assumed her to be—was holding a levee at the entrance, and Francis, conducted by the Beneechal, was fun to form one of a little crowd. Tbe first who approached her was a young negress, whose principal article ol attire above the waist was a bracelet of beads. "What—you have found your necklace, then?" asked the young lady, in a voice that seemed to touch an answering chord in the heart of the sailor. "I found it just alter 1 left Mademoiselle," said the girl in a eott and reverent whisper. *' I am glad. It wabguol of Mademoiselle." ''And I am glad, too," said the young lady, with what seemed to Francis rather a puzzled air. "But—why do you thank me?' 1 "As Mademoiselle wills," said the girl, and dropped back into the little crowd, which made way for a sable Hercules, who moved through it as of right—and like a Hercules triumphant, to judge from the breadth of his grin. "Mademoiselle," he said, a "I come to crave your gracious permission to lead young lady of colour to the altar of Hymen —with your gracious permission, Mademoiselle." " Rosalie f " In short, Rosalie, Ma'm'selle." " Of course—if she pleases" "It is as Ma'm'selle pleases," answered the man, as the girl bad answered before him. _ But the young lady signed to him to remaini "Hoyou asked i&osalie; ?" " Alter I took the medicine, Ma'm'selle." "And she did not laugh at you ?" "Not at all. I thought Ma'm'selle would be glad to know." " Of course I am glad — and I boos yon will be happy. But — never mind. Only" Tbe negro waited; bnt seeing that nothing more was comic g he also withdrew. Of oonrse there was nothing in a careless girl's finding her necklace again, or in tbe finest man on tbe plantation winning the band of the prettiest coquette as soon as he summoned «p enough courage to .ask for it. And | assuredly Helen had not done a single thing to bring either ol these events to pass. Ana yet the necklace had not beenfound, the hand had not been won, until after she had been asked for a philter and a charm. Unques tiooably no sign from her had found <.he necklace—no febrifuge bad won Rosalie. And yet, if tbe people had thought her a witch before, what would they think her now? And why had this foolishness never cropped up till yesterday during eight years? Well -—she must think it out ; perhaps Andr£ would help her; and meantime it was not for her to be a kill-joy. " I am very glad about your necklace," she said to the girl, graciously; "and very, very glad about Rosalie," she said to the man, more graciously still. "She is a good girl, and I think you will make her happy. There shall be a holiday on your wedding day, and you shall have your wedding feast at the Chateau." "Vive Ma'm'selle!" was the general answrr in chorus; amid which Francis, standing a little outside the circle, distinctly heard some cries of " Vive la Maman- Reine!" Joat then her eyes fell on him, and he came forward. , c I bring a message for Monsieur Pasqual from Maitre Normand, Mademoiselle," said he. " Ah—I heard he had been wounded"— Francis wondered bow sbe conld possibly have heard—news proverbially travels fast, bnt it could not have travelled faster than he, unless it had flown through the air. " Yes, Mademoiselle, but be is in no danger; when I left him he was nearly as strong as I. Can I see Monsieur Fasqu>l, Mademoiselle?" "Notat this moment—bnt come into tbe house: I want to hear aboat Maitre Normand ; he is a friend of ours. . . . What U all this, about bis being wounded with a sword?" They were alone in the entrance hall—a very different chamber from that which answered to it at Fontaines Rousses. Francis, for so practisal a person—as he ogmidena himself — felt himself curiously impressed by this queenlike young lady. It is true he was a sailor, and therefore, in those days of long service, and of voyages to which our longest are as lightning-fiashes, supposed to be Busceptible to any creature in a petticoat. But there are men, and even sailors, who can go comfortably through life without requiring a febrifuge until, by some unlikely chance or other, they come upon the woman, the one woman, who can make them realize their manhood through every pulse and vein. And when she comes, then—she comes; there is no mistaking her coming. Be he or she married or single, old or young, low or high, she comes triumphant at the first momont of her coming, and there is the beginning of the end. . , . Here was the woman ; the woman. And over went Fiancis Grenvil in a moment, like a boat with her sheet made fast in a sadden squall. It was not that she was beautiful; it was not that she was unlike any woman he had ever dreamed of, or any that he had looked to see; it was not that she was the climax of an adventure; it was that she was —She; the for whom he had been waiting all these yean, without hope or knowledge. He might doubt if he lived; but he could not doubt that She had Come. He told her, with and without questioning, what he had seen and what he knew of the adventure of Maitre Normand, to which she listened thoughtfully grave. And then—for he was already her lover- he saw that what promised to be a flush was suddenly checked and left her as pate as ivory. " Who was it he fought with? Bat of coarse you don't know. . . . But tell me what he was like ?" "A very young man. Mademoiselle: quite a lad indeed." . . . " Slender—delicate looking—dressed some thing like a soldier?" , „ . "You know him then. Mademoiselle? asked Francis, not best pleased. For if so fair a lady knew both the duellists, what was likely to have been the cause of the duel? "I thought so. It was Cousin Etienne. She conld have bit her tongue through for having epokeo, for Francis »as right— her grave lover wat the last man likely to • t with a boy about the Court etiquette when Napoleon and Josepbh-e were crowned. Bat she felt that if Andrg Normand had once set bis heart or his will on anything he wonld let nothing stand in his way, not even the life of a boy. . , , , But—"Cousin Etienne! The words led Francis baok through the years to a dark, damp room, full ot the ghosts of dead and forgotten lawyers where, many a mornlog, he had played at work with a little boy, and, one sunny afternoon, be had had an odd talk with a very odd sort of girL And— {To be c-emtmved) 