A SENSATIONAL COLLAPSE. Seldom has a mining company been floated in this colony with greater expectations than the Jackson's R eef Gold Mining Company, No Liability, and ldom,ife»er, liaa there been such an ..ter downfall of hope. Never were discoverers more rapturously enthiisia* io over their find than the treble trend of explorers who unearthed the fabulous riches of the Jsckaon’s Beef claim at Kimberiry. W es'ern A u stralia hardly ever was there a prospectus more rich in goHcr? promise th m that issued by the nilaentisl and wealthy syndicate that purchased this K1 Dorado and otferel it to the publ-c. Never were shareholders more ru rely awakened from iheir blissful dreams of uuiold wealth iu coming dividends than the proprietors of the Jacknon'w Creek have been during the last few d iy s ; never were the reports of a mining manager in more marked contrast with the statements of discovered and of the syndicate's representatives than those recently received from the manager of this property. The company was floated with a nominal capital of £ 120,000 in 100,000 shares of £1 4s each issued paid up to £1. The syndicato reserved 90.000 shares to pay for the puichase of the property ai d their own intores' ; 10.000 share’s were tffe ed io the pu' lie a t £1 per share, b u t of these about GuOd were taken up by the pn motere, each of whom paid from £ 6vU io £760 for sharer, a t the same price aa the public obLioed them. So that at tbe outre t the interest of the general public in the mine was limited to about £4000. but as the time wore on this was lurgely increased. Tho vendors received from the syndicate floating the company about £ 120» in cash, and 38,000 paid-up shares. O f these a considerable number have been disposed of at prices ranging from 6s upwards ; but about 12,000 of the shares are known not to have been sold. The £10,iHX) realised by the iO.OOO shares subscribed for when the company was ibated was placed to credit for the purchase and erection of machinery and about £G0uO has already been expended. Althoagh the promoters have disposed of a large number of their sharea. they still staud to lose heavily, and evidently acted iu the purchase of the property and in floating the company in the hert of faith, and with the utmost confidence in the value of the mine. Within a few numbs probably £35,000 of other people's monty —Mel bourne people'smostly—has goneto the bourne from which few minim; investors expect more iban the ghost of a return and of this amount fsl'y £6000 has been expended for 100 tons of ore csrryii.g gold. Tib a sad mining world, my masters, and the saddest p*rt of this affair is tbst the promoters of the company appear to have acted in good faith, and to have been entirely misled themselves by surface appearsDces. A*.d the public, following suit, were misled by the prospectus " show." W ith the glowiug reports before them there was nqibinji surpnsiug in the alacrity with which public men, wealthy investors and oiher *entlemen of social position and commercial influence consented to form a syndicate to purchase the property and float a company. Let the gentle reader judge for himself. Listeo not to the mockiug bird, b ut to the prospectus. " This company is being formed lor the purchase of a marvellously rich mining property dircovered a t Kimberley, and granted to the explorers under the Gold Fields A ctof W estern A ustralia/' Mark th a t- a marvellously rich mining property. 'the discoverers were kindly appreciative of Victoria, for we are next Pegsrding the colony of Victoria ss the centre of mining enterprise, its introduction here was dc.ormined upon by the fortunate discoverers, who deputed their leader to proceed hither to interview mining capitalists, and delegated him full powers to negotiate. * He accordingly interviewed and negotiated, and at “ a oonferenee with sevvrtl ol the moFt prominent invertors, mine-own* rs, and representatives of the best mines io Victoria." the capitalists of the j r p rty were exhibited " to tbe extent of about half a ton of etoue, alleged to have hern taVeo from the bide at shallow depth* and reported to he amazingly neh." 1 tie Conference prudently resolved to communicate with tbeGovernment resident on tho subject of the find,and obiaincdfrena the warden testimony corroborating the discoverers' assertions sb to the appear anoes presented. In the mcantiin ti e stone exhibited, amounting t<» ub ut half a toa, was operated on by trus'w - tin experts, one of wbom tbe pros cetu* stated obtained 88oz to the ton trom the oolcrop of the lode, another 61oz to the ton from a depth of 16lt, end a third 162oz lOdwt to the ton from the grea’c t depth then reached. TbeeyndicatetlihtbaJ been formed immediately deb ruiined make purchase of the property on the terms indicated, subjeet to approval after inspection by representatives io be selected from member* of the Conferenre. Two xenr’imtaiiveB of the svndirate went to Kimberley, inspected Jackson's Href and repor e-t —tho repori was appended to the published prospectus —" after careful and thorough examination" that " I t may truly be said that tbe smszin^ t suits obtsiued have created confusion in tbe mind of every expert whose treatment of it Los been invited. For ourselves we may briefly observe that nothirg but its actual perrons) manipulation could have enabled us to toslise the possibility ©f the immense vslue of the stooe where the appearance' exhibited differed so widely from the gold-l eirinp rocks of the southern oolonie«.........................I t is cleirly apnarent that as depth is reiohed th a t the lode in creases io aiee, and there i t nothing to indicate it being of less value than Lhf lulf-t *n samp e treated by your instructs u« prior to o u rv isit" Taeiyndieates' r*»r s'Titativei w er«,iaf«ct, absolatclv um davil.d '«!’ u by 7 hip the ofiiwiuinifl splendours or of lu'S this fw RI XJOf raio, and went on to say, "T h a t having Do- proved ths main body of stone between 6ft and 6ft in w-dtb ih»r di* ooiiBidec it p u e -i <-> .ire by further evplorat on ire i e «1 rra lu t-o the tnino during t “r *iin' th« ncgoti pending w>t,h tbe ▼sudor*, We t-stimate th« q .entity of ne deli«-.r*d at. tb rurFaie a t 80 tOLn. . . . From the ac umulntion we have taken indiscrimin*<*-.y abouc half a ton, now presented to you with the oouviction that it will realise your fullest expectations. W hatever the result may he. au estimate of the value of the property can be based upeu it, and we believe it within fair range of pro >al>ility that its development will eventuate iu aa great a mining succors as has yet been made in Northern Territory " The half ton of stone was treated at Maldon, and was reported to have yielded at the rate of 44oz to the ton ; and the final paragraph of the pro- spectus set forth, "From it may be computed the actual value of the stone at grass, say 80 tons, yielding 44oz per ton, and representing, at £4 per ton, a gross monetary value of £14,080 available directly the machinery is completed” The purchase was completed bv the syndicate, the company was duly floated and registered, and a Mr Ellis was appointed temporary mining manager Under date 10th October, 1887, this gentleman, after detailing the work done in shaft sinking, etc., reported that "The stone taken out has been of a very good quality, and shows gold at intervals very freely although fine, and many tests have been made, and in each instancee very good results were got. . . . . There is nod- ubt tha’ tlnrci* a vsry largo body of good payable stone in tight, which can easily he got out." From the time of receiving this report no further correspondence was received from the mine until after Mr Hartriek, the mining manager, a man of considerable experience, had arrived at tbesrene. Two report* from him have just come to hand, and have at blow shattered all the hopes ©f the shareholders, except so far as concerns the probable return from ths IO) t -DB of gold-earrying ore "at grass" W riting on the 9th. December, Mr Harlrick says: — " I t is my painful duty to inform you ihat tbe ~ :ie voa sent me out to manage likely to prove ooe of the most complete failures it has bees mv lot to be engaged with. Indeed, so muoh was I disappointed w tn your prospects after the giowiog account gives of it to me by your board «nd several sbarehildsrs that I was strongly inr.inrd to return a t once to Me bourne " Later on in tbe same re. port be write*:—" A* there is not the smallest prospect that I can see for your mine being of any value, would it not be as well to g i^ me power to place the management in the hauds of — o r ----- . . . . I cannot see that there will be more than 100 tons of ore for the battery to operate upon when built . . . . W ere the prospects of your mine payable I would not advise snch a proceeding, because your battery was not likely to be erected tor month” after you expected." This delay M r Hartriek escribes to the machinery having been improperly seat round via Wyndham instead of via Derby aud he complains strongly of this action as making it impossible to p e ta l early cruthiue. W riting a week later, M r Harlrick reports fu rth e r: - " I find on examination that the supposed lode on your mine is nothing more or less than a blow of aunferius ore containing qutnz, bJnestoce and ironstone mixed throughout a m&is; of slate, in all not more than 4ft in thickness.............There is now every sign of the lode running out. No sold has yet been obtained from the shaft put dow n."-M elbourne S eraiJ, February 1 . __________________ 