A GHOST STORY. HOME'S FIRST VISION. ("D. D. IIOME: HIS LIFE AND MISSION," IBY MADAME DOUGLAS bHOsE.) Home was, as usual, with his friend Edwin in the woods. The two bogs were both great readers, and when either of them had found anything in a book that interested him, it was sure to be communicated to the other. On this oceasion-it was in April, 1845 or 1846-Edwin was fullofa ghost story that he had just read. The event it related to is associated with the history of a noble English family; and I am told that it furnished Sir Walter Scott with the aroundworkof one of his allads. Alady and cr lover had mutually agreed that, if there were a life beyond this, the one who died first should appear to the survivor. In pursuance of this vow, the lover, within a few dlays of his leoth, presented himself to his mistress. She treated the vision as a delusion of her senses ; on which the spirit stretched forth his hand and laid it on hers, leaving there a mark that was ineffaceable. MIany years after he had listened to this legend in the woods of Norwich, Home met in England a member of the family to which it related, and was assured that the history was well authen ticated, and that a portrait of its heroine still existed, known in the family as " the lady with the black ribbon," from a covering she had always worn on her wrist, to conceal the mark. When Edwin's story was told the two boys set themselves to discuss it, and also the possibility of such apparitions of departed spirits to those whom they have loved on earth. With the romance of their age, they ended by agree ing to bind themselves by the same promise that the two lovers in the legend had taken, and ex changed vows on the spot, in the most solemn manner they could devise. A few weeks later Home went to live at Troy. He was then about thirteen years of age. In the month of June following he had .been spending the even ing at a friend's house, and on return ing to that of his aunt found that she had already retired to rest. Fearing to be scolded for being late, her nephew hastened to follow her example. It was a lovely summer's night, and the moon, shinng through the cur tasnlerss window of his room, rendered a candle unnecessary; but at the moment when the boy, having finished his prayers, was slipping into bed, her light was suddeuly darkened. Startled by the phenomenon, Home looked up, and ?oheld a vision that he has described in the opening chapter of his "Incidents in My Life," publlshed in the year 1863 by Messrs. Longnan: "I was about to draw the sheet over me," he writes, " when a sudden darkness seemed to pervade the room. This surprised me, inasmuch as I had not seen a cloud in the sky; and on looking up I saw the moon still shining, but it was on the other side of the darkness, which still grew more dense, until through the darkness there seemed to be a gleam of light, which I cannot describe; but it was similar to those which I and many others have since seen when theroom has been illuminated by spiritual presence. This light increased, and my attention was drawn to the foot of my bed, where stood my friend Edwin. He appeared as in a cloud of bright ness, illuminatine his face with a distinctness more than mortal. . He looked on me with a smile of ineffable sweetness; then, slowly raising the right arm, he pointed upward, and, makin with it three srdes in the air, the hand h A Slowly to disappear. Then the arm, and finally the whole 'body, melted away. The natural light of the room was then again apparent. I was speechless, and could not move, though I retained all my reasoning faculties. As soon as the power of movement was restored I rang the bell, and the family, thinking I was ill, came to my room, when my first words words were ; 'I have seen Edwin he died three days ago.' A day or two after wards a letter was received announcing the do ath of Edwin after a very short illness." 