OUR HOLIDAY GHOST. Two years ago, last July, my bctter-lialf, one morning iit'ior breakfast, carae and * jilaeed her arms lilectionafoly 011 my shonlilors, nnil gazing into my face made the porumtous remark 1 John, dearest, I don't :hi'ik y<m arc looking half well.' ' Lio'illv. my low!' 1 ivpliu.l wi'.h eompo>uv<v; for i ha. t newer t\\-lt bettor in «:y li'e. ' No, dc >r. You look jaded and worn out v ither. You have been sticking too ploso to that li irrid w rU of la e, and I'm sura you want a iv-t.' Now, experience has taught mo that these sp utlanenus m.inife-itntioiH of sympathotic concern on the score of my health— which by a strangis coincidence had recmred fiboiit the in:d lie of evi*ry summer of our five years of married life—were the invariable preliminary to a proposal for a stay of some weeks in the country or at the seaside; so, with a prompt and c immendable appreria'ion of the situation, I rejoined: ' That i-» to say, you mean that you are tired of Carlisle, and would like a change, eh? "Well, I have been thinking about it myself, to tell you the truth. I suppose wo must go somewhere. And what is the favoured snot that your ladyship would like to patronise this summer?" 'John,yon are an old dear!' answered my wife wit.li seeming irrelevance, but with l^roat fervour. Then taking up a newspaper, slio continued : 'Look here—what do you think of this ?' pointing to the following advertisement : ' Seaside Lodgings.—Porthponllyd, Pembrokeshire. To let, for any period between tlireo and six weeks, during the temporary absence of the owner, a comfortable cottage furnished. Suitablo for small family. Beautifully situated 011 St. Bride's Bay, in a village of three hundred inhabitants. Bathing and fishing excellent. Use of boat. Every convenience. Terms moderate.— Apply X Z, the Post ollioe, Portbpoulhvyd, R.S.O.' • What in the name of fortune,' I exclaimed, ' possesses you to think of going to sucli an out-landish place with an unpronounceable jawbreaker of a name like that ? Why, it will take us two days at least to get there, we m ly find ourselves in the raidst of a baud of barbarians, in the etymological sense, who won't understand a word we say without au inteipreter. You would be tired of it in loss than a week, aud fiud it slower than Silloth.' ' Impossible,' she said emphatically, as the recollection of a month spent at that watering place rose vividly before her miud. • No di-ar, I thought it would he such a thorough change for us. You know I have always longed to go to Wales. And if the inhabitants are barbarians, as you call them, so much the more fun ; we can have all the sensation of being on the continent, and being misunderstood, for less than half" the espouse !—Besides, I don't think it is such an outlandish place. I believe it is this Porth—what is it?—that I have heard Etliel Austin speak of once as one of the quaintest and most delightful old villages you could find. It was Portli-something. anyway ; ^ and I know my cousin Tom, who is in India, once ■went down as far as St. David's Head, and simply raved about St Bride's Bay for ever afterwards. And I thought dear (insinuatingly) you always said yon hkod^a quiet place, aud. that the racket of a^fapiipnable resort was no change for you, I caved in. To niak£#long Btory short, the matter ended, as everyv sensible reader ' has foreseen it would," in my writing to X Z (a gentleman it turned out, of the uncommon name of Jones), and settling, after satisfactory enquiry, to take the house for a month from the beginning of August.' Accordingly, we left Carlisle at the appointed time, a party of four; the other two being Master Jack—the Junior member of our family, a sturdy young gentleman at the mature age of three and a half—and his nurse, Maria Etnma (pron. Mariaremmer). who was bis constant and devoted attendant. I resist the temptation to expatiate on the events of our journey, or to launch forth into detailed description of our travelling miseries, which culminated iu the seemingly interminable ride in a crowded old-fashioued stagecoach along a road the nature of which has already been sufficiently and graphically expressed by the laconic description, ' Sixteen miles and seventeen hills.' Very novel and romantic it was, no doubt, tobeontheboxof alasfceentury coach with the horn of the postillion tootling merrily away to awaken the echoes all around, and the crack of the driver's whip combining with the sound of his terrific guttural objurgations to stimulate the flaggiug energies of the horses to activity ; while away to the left stretched the calm blue expanse of St. Bvido's Bay, sparkling and scintillating into myriad goms in the golden beams of ' ; the setting sun, as we sped up hill and down dale along its shores. All very poetical aud stimulating to the imagination, no doubt. But one appreciates these things better when they do not come on the top of a day ami a half's dusty railway travelling, and when one is not iu a frame of mind which is far more concerned about supper than about scenery. Well, we arrived at Por'hpenlhvyd at last, and found our cottage all our fancy painted it, and more. It was beautifully situated, and 110 mistake, standing by itself and overlooking a placid creek a furlong .. ' wide, which wound its way in a graceful curve between lofty cliff-", covcred with a . . Wealth of blooming heather aud gorse for three-quarters "f a mile inland. Mr. Jones (alia® X Z) a pleasant-looking old bachelor of fiftv, wns there to receive us, and did tlie honours that night with great courtesy, leaving on the following morning, after showing us round generally, and seeing that we were comfortably settled in our new abode. ■ Of the first of our stay there is not much , to record except the usual series of seaside enjoyments—the perfection of bathing in water as clear ns crystal..boating and fishing of every kind in abundance, plenty of beautiful scenery to Icep my wife's brush abnndan'ly employed (Laura is fond of sketching), plenty of briuht shells on the beach hi lit, gath red diligently by the astiduous Mariainnmsr fur John junior's delectation—iu short, everything calculated to satisfy and delight people who can enjny life under conditions jf Arcadian and prim itive simplicity. I w;il n ,t dwoll on lliese events, lint hasten on lo tlie climax of mv si,(TV, On tlio i>i»hi. (lav, I think it was, after our arrival, my wif», who hud smie down lo tlw villain, ac-o-di g i0 tin e^tnMi^So.l usage of r.n Hn onll wvl. to o"qn:ve for lottors at the post olTie', cime rns'iiig into the hou-e in a bro iih'e-is sMin 'f nxntoment, ' Oh, Jo'm, who do ymi think i-i in Ihe village ?' 'Well, I s'mti'd invigino (mo S'lali of Persia at leist, or perhaps the lMnto Minister,' I sug -estod. • Don't he provoking. No ; KtM Austin is hero. She c tine lust night, and wis being driven to St. David's. S!i« lias an aunt living there. But the horse fell coming down tho steep hill Iead n<: to tiie village, and slip nod tho driver were pi'died out. Fortuniifc. ly thny were more frightened than hurt; hut the shaft* wm-n broken and they couldn't yo on ; so she stayed at tho inn all night.' 'Dear m\ what a thrlling adventure.' ! ' Yos, and I've m ido her telegraph to her | I aunt to say she is not opining just yet, as 1 she has foun' us; and slie is to stay with us for a few davs; She on; have tho middle room. Won't it bo jolly to have dear Ethel here ?' •Oh, very, my dear. She will be nice company fu- you. But who'd have thought i of her tmnim up in this un°xpncted kind of way?' This Mis* Aus'in had been my wife s bosom frion 1 at a Loudon bearding school, and thny had lmpt up the intimacy loyally ever since. She wa< now ab.ut eight-and-twentv. and bemg of a warmhearted sentimental nature, had lapsed, f.>r want of a husband, into that gushing type of gentle womanhood which indulges in idealistic theories of life, and is fond of discoursing large]v about 4 sympathies,' and ' affinities,' and ' attractions,.' and ot her subtle agencies of the same mysterious kind. She was also a firm believer in spiritualism. I often used to wonder how her intense a,nd effusivp nature, which poured itself forth periodically in sheets of densely written notepaper, could receive enough nourishment from Laura's brief matter-of-fact epistles to, keep alive the sacral flame of affection between them in her heart. But such, it seemed, was tha case ; and Laura was, I know, glad to see her. So, about, noon, her' travelling trunk arrived at the cottage, followed shortly affenvards by its. owner, who received a very hearty welcome from both of us Laura declaring that slie would have to stay a fortnight at least,. And in this way Miss Austin became a temporary member of our small and happy family. Aslfiaid,. that lady was. a firm believer in spiritualism, of which we soon found she was a most aggressively zealous advocate ; nor was sl)6 backward in proclaiming her views for our edification both in season and out of season. It amused me to argue with her and draw her out upon this subject, she used to. get so eloquent and enthusiastic. One evening—she had been with us about a week, perhaps—we were sitting, we three, in tlie cony little front sitting-room of the cottage, looking out upon the sea in the twilight. It was a glorious night ;■ and the harvest moon just rising above tho Gribin hill opposite streamed in through the windows and lit up parts of the room with a ' dim religious light,' leaving the rest in strong shallow. " Ja'ck lmd been put to bed, and Mariaremmer was sitting sowing in the next room. Miss Austin was holding forth with her enstomary enthusiasm on her pet topic. ' You may sneer as much as you like,' she was saying, ' and marshal your materialistic arguments with all your ability; but you will never persuade me that dwellers in the spirit- world do not still feel an J interest in the scenes and associations with which they were once familiar. Why, then, should not they he able, being untrammelled by any physical restrictions, to return and hold converse with those who were and are dear to them, and to mako their preseuce known by certain external and material indications ?' ' Well, it rather puzles mo—it may be obtuseness, of course—but I can't quite make out how a spirit can mako a noise, for instance, by rapping its shadowy knuckles I on a substantial wooden table; or what inter- j est a staid and solemn ghost can take in playing frivolous pranks with fiddlestrings and slate pencils.' 4 Scoff away now, you unbeliever,' she retorted, 'perhaps even you will be convinced some day.' ' Pooh—never. You may be sure that' My sentence was cut short by a crash as of falling crockery, followed by a scream from the region of the pantry, and the next moment the door of the sitting room was unceremoniously burst open by Mariaremmer, who appeared with a look of terror on her white face-and a candle in her trembling white hand. ' Oh, master, missus!' she gasped, • that I should ha' lived to see this night.' ' What's the matter ?' we chorused. 'There's evil sperrits in the pantry,' said she, in a horror-struck tone of voice. ' Rubbish !' I exclaimed. ' The only spirits in the pantry I know of are good spirits—Homo & Brindle's best Scotch, in fact—forcing a joke. 'Maria Emma,' proceeding sternly, 'If you have been meddling with those spirits, and let one of the bottles fall «lfo, no, no,' she interupted eagerly; ' not them spm-ifs at nil, but (hem other what Miss talks about, wiiat raps and makes noises. So true »s I'm a-standing on this blessed spot, just now as I was a-carryin' a plate into the pantry I heered somethiii' go rap, rap. rap, like that, three times. It did give me such a turn, and tlie plate dropped from my han>l, and went all to smash oti the floor. If I'd ii-known as we was coming to a house with uncanny things like that in it'—— The sentence terminated in a display of suggestive pantomime. Mariarcmmer's feelings were too strong for words. ' TO HE CONTINUED. ! 