SYDNEY LETTER. [FBOM OUB OWE C0&KESP0FPENT.1; The old atwQuan Dots vuit perdere, pritta demaiiat ma never better exemplified than by the present action of the Premier of this colony. With a Urge majority at bis back, and an Opposition which has given every indication, of a, desire, for gefctwg QTustly through the work of the sesnon. Sir Henri Parkes has suddenly sprung a motion upon the House, which bears 'job' so plainly upon it, that it wQl be impossible for a mem ber, who has any adf- rapect left, to vote for it. Toe motion, which, is in itself a direct statement of want of confidence in the new Chief Railway Commissioner, is that '* it is expedient to commission a properly qualified person to visit Europe, America, and parta of Asia to inquire into and obtain information on the 'ffnfffcffirtifrn and management of rail ways,' and so on. Why, in the name of all that is sensible, wai Mr. Eddy appointed, if it be necessary immediately on bis entering on his duties, to appoint another penoa to post him np in the information necessary for their performance. The enpportera of the motion contend that Mr. Eddy was so buay with bis duties in Knglnnfl he could not collect information with reference to foreign railways, but in tbe face of thit we were told, on his arrival in this colony, Mr. Eddy had several times visited America to atndy the singularities of the railway system o! tbe United States, and had also exhaustively inquired into the manage ment of the railway systenu of the different European countries. The motion goes on to uy that the Commission is not to last more than two years, and the salary of the Com missioner is not to exceed £1500 per annum, with all expenses. It is an open secret that Mr. Goodchap is to be the travelling com missioner, and that it is a pnt-up job to com pensate him for not having been giron the Chief Railway Comnumonenhip, in addition to the handsome pension of £950 a-year which he already draws. If the Government persist tn pushing this disgraceful motion through the House, which they can do if they wjah, it will be tbfi meant of wrecking them and their party at the general election, which takes place in a little more than twelve months. As a little compensation for the stock he had Riven to the moral nerves of his followers, Sir Henry immediately afterwards introduced a notice of motion, which will go a long way towards strengthening the hands of Sir Thomas M*Uwa£th in his dealings with Lord Knutxford on the Governorship question. It is to the effect that as- address be sent to Her Majesty that only persons of experience in the conduct of public aSaus, high political office, or in tbe Imperial Parliament, should in future be appointed to the Gover norship of these colonies, and that the Governments of the colonies should be in formed of any intended appointment, before anch appointment is made. The notice of motion was recived with loud cheers all over the Bouse, the only dissentients apparently being the leaders of the Opposition, who, with the exception of Mr. Fletcher, maintained a moody silence. Mr. Fletcher w*s very en tnnsi&stic; in his approbation, calling out ' Bravo, Sir Henry ! this is the noblest work of your life.11 Well it is a step towards placing Australasia on a footing of absolute equality with England. The fires, which are continually breaking ont at Broken Hill, are as mysterious as the London murders. They are evidently the work of an incendiary, yet he cannot be dis covered. A man named Cbarlet May was ar rested on a charge of arson ; bat tbe only practical result of his arrest is that all the magistrates of the districts have been set by the ears, and two retired from the Bench in a state of lachrymose indignation against the Argus, which has insulted them, they say, and deeply wounded their feelings. Meanwhile, ' to show the folk they Hed lY whilst May was being tried by the last remaining Magistrate, MrTButterwortb, J.P., a fire broke out near the Duke of Cornwall Hotel, bat wu extin guished without doing much damage. The Sydney yachta which are to take part in the races in Port Phillip at ibe end of this week, had, most of them, a very lively time of it oft the pUBage down to Melbourne. The Era, which arrived first, trice carried away the jaws of her gaff, and bad to return to Sydney once, and put in for abelter twice on the passage, once at Eden, and again at Waterloo Bay, under Wilson's Promontory, but could not get away from the wind, and ran back to Eden. Making a third attempt she sustained some damage to her bovrspait, and had to put back again to fden. Her skipper is so discouraged now that be will probably return to ^ydnuy, and not go on to Melbourne. The little 7 Conner Assegai had to put back to Eden twice, bat by last reports passed Green Cape, beating south, and bids fair to arrive in Melbourne in time for the regatta. Of tbe open boats three only have started for Melbourne, owing to the on expected alterations made in the racing regu lations as to limit of crews. On Kriday lost Mr. Paul's Vanina left in tbe e.s. Victoria, and on Saturday tbe Ellie and Itoma left in the EUngimite and Adelaide respectively. On Sunday last, during a southerly gale, which sprang np without any warning, clouds, or haze, there were probably more boating accidents (luckily none of them fatal) than ever before took place in one day. No less than thirteen- sailing boats wrere upset, four of them between tbe heads, and three rowing boats were swamped by the rough water in the higher parts of the harbour. Good folks are just now considerably agitated in Anglican and Roman circles by the approaching return of Bishop Barry and Cardinal Moran, who left Australia at about the same time, and axe now cloeely following each other back, Neither can trust hia flock to bear up under the attractions of the other. Tnflnfpfcj'^ reception committees have been appointed and as usual large sums of money are to be collected by each church to show, is. a practical t&amiei;, tbe joy occasioned by the return of its head. Bishop Barry arrives in the P. and O. ft-*. Paixamatta, and tbe Cardinal in the O. «?*. Cuzco. The Sunday Concerts at the Theatres, which were the occasion of such a fuss about twelve months ago in. Sydney, but which were luckily not suppressed, are still being given at the Criterion Theatre to crowded houses. They are now very much more high-class tban was the case, when, owing to competition of other theatres, the managers had to try and draw all aorta and conditions of men. But though tiie audiences are eminently respectable they never will unlearn tie bad habit of applauding loudly between the verses of a song. This was specially noticeable on Sunday last in the caae of sacred songs song by Frances Tavilk and Dora Wiley, of which the effect was entirely spoilt by the ill-timed applauae of their too appreciative audience. The Coast Hospital, at Little Bay, is at present the subject of some discussion, owing to the presence of two rather objectionable inmates ; the first is a white leper, who has been there now for some time. Leprosy is cot generally regarded as contagious for the white races, but until the question is settled with certainty, tbe Government should certainly take steps to have the leprous patient properly isolated. The second objec tionable inmate is not quite so tangible aa the leper, but u sufficiently horrible owing to its mystery. It is no less than a real ghost which comes, sad site near the head of the patients. No fewer ^*ti seven patients have been so terrified at its appearance tbey hare insisted on leaving the hospital. Both matters have been brought up in Parliament, very properly, by Mr. Ninian Melville, who from his profession of undertaker, may be expected to be well able to bury the leper and lay the ghost. The Centennial sixpenny stamp is to be iaeoed on the 26th instant, and is said to be very pretty ; bat judging from the descrip tion it must be more crowded than the penny stamp even, and that is so cramped that it is hard to tell which is tbe top and which the bottom. The sixpenny stamp ii to be roaine in colour, whatever that may be ; on the left the ebield of Neve South Wales, surrounded by waratahs, wattle bloom, and ferns ; at the top of tbe shield is a bar with the legend 'one hundred years,' and at the bottom another bar with *' New South Wales,' and ' postage sixpence' is legibly fitted in somewhere else. If that is not enough to put oat the email surface of a postage stamp, it would be hard to find room Sydney, Slat November, 16S5. 