[?] (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sib,-— I am in hope'you will explain a difficulty. I am' a stranger in Sydnoy and do not know any i minister to whom to apply. I am a member of : the old Church of England, before Ritualism and other new fangled notions sprang up, and am a i firm believer in Baptism. An important member of the family is a- Baptist, and declares" the Sacrament is not necessary for childron, and I have had the sorrow of seeing a dear child die without, what my teaching makes me believe, an absolute necessity for salvation. "Unless a man be born afraid of water and the Holy Ghost, he shall not enter into tho kingdom of Heaven." Can you give me any explanation which might afford some oomfort? Is this child lost because she wnB not baptized ? or1 if saved, how are the two contradictory doctrines to be reconciled? I cannot help wishing I never married a Baptist, though our friends 'said we were . all members' of the " Holy Catholic Church," as wo call it in the Creed every day. But how can this be when we have Buch different opinions ? What you say of the " Lenten Indult " has also brought trouble. Tho Baptist says, " Why don't the Church of England people keep the fasts ap pointed by their Book of Common Prayer," and let the Romanists go on their own way ? " What do we care for them ? " Really, Mr. Editor, though I made no reply I thought, " Oh if the Standard would explain our religious troubles, and let tho papists alone, how grateful I should be, and others as well, as I." Commenting on your article about the number of Sacraments, he says — " Paul calls marriage a great Sacrament in Ephesians, 4th chapter,' and of course Paul ought to |know, as he lived in the time of Christ himself 5 and if marriage waB not a Sacrament then, the apostle .would never use that word." t ' . I 'don't know what -to say to this.' To my mind it looks like a correct view, but beg you will enlighten me. . .. Again in favor of Extreme Unction is brought up the 5th chapter of James Is any man sick among you let him, bring in the priests of the Ohuroh, and let them pray over him anointing him with oil iri : the name 'of the Lord, and the prayer of faith ' shall save' the sick man, and the Lord shall raise him up," and if ho be in sins they shall bo forgiven him j .to which is added the questions. "Why don't your priests do that?. James was one ' of the twelve apostles ; he must have known what was right about that ordinance." Because I ventured to say, the apostles and their successors were commissioned to Baptise all nations, I was answered : " If go ye therefore, teach all nations, baptising them in the name, &o.;," empowered our clergy to baptise infants, the text, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins you shall forgive shall be forgiven," empowers them also to forgive sins, and " Do this in com memoration of Me," empowors them to change . bread and wine into the Body and Blood of Christ. Then the 6th chapter of John was brought up to prove that the Lord meant 'to give us his real flesh to eat. . ; , To ray reply that the Protestant' Church allows private judgmont, and each of us can. read our Bible and ; understand' it for ourselves. . " Then why not let the - RomanistB understand it for themselves too. If they like to believe Christ meant " ThiB is my Body and this. is my Blood " to be just what the worde say, let them believe it, and if we like to believe " ThiB is my Body," means it is a piece of bread, let ub have it so. Have not I as much right to private judgment and to read my Bible as anybody else?!' Oh, Mr. Editor, do put in an article which will explain these things, and let tho Romanists please themselves. You are the Protestant Standard , then help the' Protestants. Do you not count Baptists Protestants ? ' When men who are cleverly in clined begin quoting texts such as I have written here, their female relatives would be glad of some authority to bring forward. But -alas ! your Standard only tells us what the Romanists believe, which is nothing to those who never go near Romanists, but would like our own differences to bo settled peacefully. I am, sir, in hope that you will help mo; AN ATTENTIVE READER. Our notice of tliis spurious letter will bo found in an earlier column. Ed. " P.S." / : 