Tmc WuL or THB Vunass. {A pnU-—eUr f m the* pad-tip feduyt of * tufferer.) OB! dwde of PYE! Oh! Saint of Rocky HaO! Tnm not thy bone* within thy lomb ia aorrow; The water, thy treat legacy to Will probably be meatored on the morrow. Ho mora ray we at mid night on our roses Out stealthy ahoweiB, ao they grow the .awaeter; - WicxHjt* and 1»OT« are down upon oar hoBee— OoauBMnonsd to supply the wa&bfnl; meter. Dejected milknsea, cowed, Ibeir flaid vend— Their iookx at«, like their flaid, very blue. To Uit'i lactometer they hare to beud— *Tia bard to pay for water-miter* too. Ho more WO daily wipe with soft, cool sponge The lick of fly, the bite of thirsty 'elteeler— Kre into blissfaloeas we gladly plunge We'll hare to ask the wife: "How goes the meter f" Ho more in vehicle or on prancing sUed Hay we in sylvan avenues lake the air; Oar troaaen pow get baggy at the knees By too mtuih use olHr. 6hanks's mate. Be who hath booght a boggy, with remorse Itnst tend it to Bu& Baonu's yards for sale ; For, if he hath a single bob tailed bone, A meter mnit supply its water pail. Alaa! tbeimiae is such* thirsty cteetnr; FnB many a gallon drinks he daily down. And as hegslpe we hear the click of meter Begiiterii^thoaauidi, each at hslf-n-orown. Aal eiciy lioioc, fr(itii mom till dewy eve, The oyraiiddDa of IJOVZ, Orand Iiaquiseetor, VIA note-hook hangaroand and make believe To take the record of that treach'rone meter. JJOTE in the back-yard, Asonsosr in front— Water aad gas—much trouble sure ii brewin'! We pay for both with many a groan and grant, Resignedly awaitin' of oar rain. • • « Arblaater is the wry explosive name of the owner of a gunpowder factory at Eaglehawk (Vic.), where recently a boy named Sfenser was blown up. • • • An advertisement in the Herald makes the following startling announcement:— ^ BEDBOOH Vacant, Single or Double Gentlemen. » • John, your first locust ia a fraud. He was singing in my garding in George-street early in October—ngn • of a terribly • hot • summer. Mr. Eddy, the new Railway Commitsioner, is a modem Haronn-al-Basobid, who goes around his new kingdom in ditgaiso to discover for himself the gnevanoei and laehu at his subjects. When I apply the term disguise I don't mean it in any invidious sense. Mr. Eddy is an wnassnming gentleman, and his disguise is ample: Be uses no flourish of trumpets, utterly decpUee a "epeoUV and frequently purchases his ticket just like an ordinary traveller. Thus the railway official hat more than once entertained an angel unawares, and stories of his unannounced visits are so rife among the awed station-masters and ticket clexki aid porters that they mistake every bush for an officer, or think every stalwart nan with a beard ia the new Commissioner. This it very Eddy-fying, for it has woke 'em up with a vengeance. Actually, the 7.5 p.m. bain from Panam&tta; now arrives at Redfern to time—10 to 8! Hot long ago, it used to crawl in at about 8.16, and puff and whistle as if overcome by a sense of duty performed. Some amusing stories are already told of the n. Before he was gazetted—before he been three days in the colony -he called at Redfern; and waa of course immediately furrounded by obsequious and bowing officials, for they knew him by his portrait, fie signified his intention of going to the works at Eveleigh, on which the station-master turned and gave some orders to a subordinate. Shortly afterwards a porter touched his hat to Mr. Eddy, and said; "The 'special' is ready, sir*." "WhatspecialP" queried the Commissioner. "To take you to Evelaigh, air." "Oh," was the response, " you can go in the special, Fm gobig to walk;" which he did. Arrived at Eveleigh, Mr. Eddy took a look round. But the toadeatBra were not to be done out of their gobble, so when his Oouupuaooetship was ready to depart there wss {he "speoial puffing a deferential welcome to him, and inviting him to get on board. Again cams the answer to the porter-herald, " You can go along in the special; Til go by ariinaiytrain;" and the porter retired terruihed. • • • • Another day Mr. Eddy alighted at a small out-of- the-way station. .He went into ths rtation-master's office—and found, it is said, the officer and his porter deep in a game of aribhage! Then there W«B joy all round, and an explanation ' that cribbage taught railway " points," and that the "signal" game of whist was instructive of the interlocking system. Ths earns day Mr. Eddy strolled into a parcels and ticket office at an important station and found the twdHsh young clerks "having a lark." He asked them if they had anything to dot" and they aeekiy replied that they employed their spare time in office hours in sorting tickets. "Ah," said fianran-al- Baschid, •'in England the boys do that after office hours. We'll see if we can't find something else far you to do. 4 ' After that the deluge. Just a final instance of one of Mr. Eddy's characteristics—the intention to have things done when and how he wants them : On Thursday, 8th inst., he notified at the Redfern affioe that he required certain returns by Monay morning. Ii was in vain that it «as ointed out that Friday and Saturday were holidays. Those cl&rks; took their holiday; but they had to graft all Sunday—and at 9 a.m. on Monday Mr. Eddy's messenger was waiting for the returns—and he got them too! • • . • Conundrum:—'Why sue there often 1,000 Jststices of the Peace on the Panamatta Bench at one time ? Give it op ?—Because, ss a rule, there are one figure and three Cyphers. Twig? • • • After the emtue eelHre—Adams r. Six small boys—the caretaker of the Comt Bouse was very busy sweeping up the "h's" dropped by » certain legal luminary. By- ihe-bye, Mr. Richardson, who had bees' dreadfully badgered all day by Mr, Roberts,,, "got one in" during the afternoon. The question aKseue was whether "une of the witnesses far the pro6ecouoo had epokeo to Mr. Roberts during the lnntheon adjournment. Mr. Richardson was bant cm eliciting an answer, when Mr. Robezissaid, "I tell you he did not speak to me—surely you'll believe me!" " WeiV* retorted Mr. Richardson, **yoBSee,jTm»renotonyoiirwath" m * v- • Talking about lawyers renjinds me that a v«y old yarn js row being told in town, adapted to, and at the expense ,cf, a local limb of the law. Johnny Ah Hee is, as he degoribta himself, a " Gfctian.". Having -had pome dealings with the l^al gentleman, he odlei and paid tus Ml, but obtamed no receipt. He i hang aronnd the tffice wU at last he attracted j the Uwyert attention, when the follomir.g i dtriogneow^:---- •- . J T ^"jT.R wh«t u it?" i John—" Me wantee all same fe I*»yer—"Oh, ifa all right. John; the payment is entered u> your credit." John—"Ko, sal}; no all litoe. You see, I not heathen Chinee, bid Oistian Chinee. When £ go hea^ben, St. Pkeriav: * Von pay all your debts, John?' and I say 'Y"eB'; he say 'Show me your leceipts'; and how 1 go isuk all over h— to find'you f " John got his receipt. The h'tw Turk Tribute is printing poor Marms <Harke'a "His Natural Life." Pity some of the proprietors don't pay his widow a royalty. . Horace Greeley .was m gnat stickler for copyright; but then, there are Pharaohs now on the TYibune who knew not the Log Cabin Joseph.— — - ~ • -••'-•a- • Jack Hay nes told the Speaker in the Asaembl; on Tuesday that he had been greatly as aome one from the Oppositioa Senchee called him'"The Eaoaped Nun.'* He was not mollified till it had boos explained that the expressiontwedbad beeb "Tfisescaped'un"— which wss adding insult to injury. - • ' » . _ • • Mr. John Hesford had a Cotsioal experience the other day. Be is stage managing the " Collets B4wn" about to be prodaoed at the Masonic, and he iais March of talent, so he went into an advertising agent's to insert a "wanted" in Granny. A clerk, "just caught," was attending at the counter, and the thaBpian, in his tweprefimit, said " I want to pot an advertisement in the Heraid; will yon take it down F" "Tes," was the response, and the freshly caught onejprooeeded to write to dictation, lie got as far as:— DRAMATIC. ^UTED, a Second Old Woman— when he paused and said: " Eh f " THESPIAN : " A Second Old woman 1" EnssBtTCaoohtCx,sbi: "But—** THBtruw: "Hevermind; go right along." At length the advertiament was written (onder silent protest from the freshly oaugbt) and than the dak said:— "Bead that over please; I don't think they {the Hertidi will put it in." THESPIAN : " Not put it in! Why not P F. C. CLSEJE (hesitating):—'' Why, yon See, you have a wife already! * Tableau and curtain. • The following brief but significant notice appears in Tuesday's Gtoettt:— Buoviu.—Miessn. Dentston Dewsr Moon and Frederick Coesenttae Sole, postal assistants at Goalburn, have been removed from the public service. Now will follow the Domain bench and Circular Quay boiler period. The Government sustained two defeats in the Assembly on Monday—one by 26 to 16, carrying the amendment referring the Bslli Colliery Disaster Fond Bill to a Select Committee, and the other by the tasting vote of the Speaker, carrying Mr. Oarrathere* motion to go into Committee of the Whole to consider a pound far pound municipal endowment. Abrit earn ! OKS OF THS GEICERAL PUBLIC TO Nsws- PAPEB MAN: "They have some good cartoons and comic sketches in the BulUtin and the Tribune. Don't you think so ? " NEWSPAPKB MAN (who has raised the skirt of IBIS) : "Tes; but I get Texai Siftinpt tmi see the originals betoie they appear in Sydney." (Scene: Metropolitan sixpenny bar. Time; On the stroke of 7 p.m.) JOVIAL M.P. to friends: " Well, drink np and have another, boys, I most be off to the House. I have to present a petition from my constituents at One- Horse-villein favour of the Xiiqaor License Veto Bill." They drink np and have another, and the petition is duly presented. • • In the Assembly on Tuesday, when the Premier gave notice of his intention to move next day to commission someone (at £1,500 per annum and travelling expenses) ,to visit America, Europe and Asia for information on the oon struction and management of railways, he wai greeted with cries of " It is an insult to Mr. Eddy," and " You had better send Eddy back to England." Of course the motion has for its object a pleasant grand tour on the Continong for Mr. Goodchap; but the Opposition "oaught on" to a tremendous flaw, and no mistake. If Mr. Eddy, because of bis superior abilities and experieaoe, has been imparted at great expense to supersede Mr. Goodohap, it is ridiculously anomalous that, the latter, after being courteously kicked out, should be coznmitsioned to go up and down the world in search t>f information wherewith to return to Hew South Wales and teaoh Mr. Eddy! The situation is deliciouely absurd. » '« • Macaulay'e Maori is gssing on the Runs of Westminster with a vengeance. At least, he is knocking spots • off British • footballers. • It is stated that an "apparition " has been Been prowling about at the Little Bay Hospital. The Premier- who is an authority on ghosts (aide Kiama pattim)—has promised that a searching inquiry will be made into the matter. Mr. Eddy states that at the beginning of nsxt year the Railway Commissioners hope to make arrangements f ormaking trains more spe-«d(d)y, A ituigee Indepeniant man came to see the nskgdness of the land in Psiratnatta the other day. He strolled into Messrs. W. A. Brodie and Co.'s yards, and was BO struck all of aheap tbat he nearly burst into poetry on the spot. He dreamt of them in the train all night; and in the next issue of the Independent he wrote a really beautiful beautiful par. Heaays the ards cannot be equalled even in 8yduey, and is advises the Mudgee consignors to patronise Parramatta in future. So mote it be 1 MOFUBSHJTE. 