HOW WE GOT OUR BIBLE. IV. , Thus we have seen the form in which the Scriptures existed in the age soon after the Apostles, and found the threefold line of evidence available at the present day for the purpose of Bible revision— (1.) Greek and Hebrew manuscripts ; (2.) Ancient Versions; and (3) quotations from the then existing Scriptures in the works of early Christian writers. And now that we are to trace the con nection of these with our present English Bible, it becomes necessary for our pur pose to ask, with the triple of parchments before ub, how much of this material was available a thousand years ago, when the history of our English Bible begins. For it is evident that the value of a Scripture version at any period depends on the value pf the old manuscript material accessible, and the ability of the men of that day to use it. For answer we take from the centre pile those few laded worn-looking copies, por tions of the Vulgate and older Latin versions, and place them on one side. Those are the Scriptures which have come down to us from the monasteries of ancient England, and as we compare side by side this handful of old parchments with the great mass of writing from which it has been drawn, we are comparing together the sources of the earliest and latest English versions — of the Anglo-Saxon Scriptures of a thousand years ago, and the revised Bible which is in our hands to-day. The growth of the English Bible, which took place in the meantime, we are now briefly to trace. Though England had no complete Bible before Wycliff's days, attempts were made from very early times to preach the Scrip tures in the language of the people ; and the story of these ancient translations from the Latin manuscripts before us, forms certainly one of the ' most interesting, though not most important, portions of history of the English Bible. It is now 1200 yearB since, on a winter night, a poor Saxon cowherd lay asleep in a stable of the famous Abbey of Whitby. Grieved and dispirited, ' he had come in from the feast where his master, and some even of his companions, during the amuse ments, had engaged in the easy alliterative rhyming of those simple early days. But Cmdmon could make no song, and his soul was very sad. Suddenly as he lay, it seemed to him that a heavenly glory lighted up his stable, and in the midst of the glory One appeared who had been cradled in a manger six hundred years before. " Sing, Caedmon," He said, " sing Borne song to me." ' V:i : ". I cannot sing," was .the sorrowful , reply ; " for; tbi is cause it is that I caine, ' hither.". . " Vet," said He who stood before him, " yet shall thou' sing to me." ' " What shall I sing ?" " The beginning of created things." And as he listened, a divine power seemed to come on him, and words that he had never heard before rose up before his mind. And so the vision paBsed away; But the power remained with Caedmon, and in the morning the Saxon cowherd went forth from the cattle stalls, trans formed into a mighty poet ! Hilda, the abbess, heard the wondrous tale, and from one of those Latin manu scripts, she translated to him a story of the Scriptures. Next day it was reproduced in a beautiful poem, followed by another and another, as the spirit of the poet grew powerful within him. Entranced, the abbess and the brethren heard, and acknowledged " the grace that had been conferred on him by the Lord." They bade him lay aside his secular habit, and enter monastic life ; and from that day forward the Whitby cowherd devoted himself with enthusiasm to the task that had been set him in the vision. " Others after him strove to compose religious poems, but none could vie . with him, for he learnt not the art of poetry from men, neither of men, but of God." In earnest passionate words, which yet remain, he sang for the simple people " of the creation of the world, of the origin of man, and of all the history of Israel ; of the Incarnation, and Passion, and Resurrection of Christ, and His Ascension ; of the terror of future punishment, the horror ot hell-pains, and the joys of the kingdom of heaven." Though his work has of course no right to rank among Bible translations, being an attempt to sing for the ignorant people the substance of the inspired story, yet we venture to give a brief extract, translated into modern English, telling of the appear ance of Christ to his disciples after the resurrection : — What time the Lord God ' — from death arose— so "strongly was no —Satan armed— though he were with iron — all girt around — that might that gre'at— force, resist — ; for he went forth,— the Lord of Angels, — in the strong city — and bade fetch— angels all bright— and even bade say— to Simon Peter — that he might on Galilee — behold God— eternal and firm — as he ere did. Then as I under stand, went — the disciples together — all to .Galilee, r-rinspired; by the spirit, -r-The holy Son of God— whom they saw — were the Lord's Son. — Then over against the disciples stood — the Lord Eternal, — God' in Galilee, — so that the disciples — thither all ran — where the Eternal was — fell on the earth, — and at His feet bowed, — thanking the Lord — that thus it befell — that they should behold — the creator of angels. — Then forthwith spake — Simon Peter and said — Art thou thus, Lord, — with power gifted ? — We saw thee — -at one time when — they laid thee — in loathsome bondage — the heathen with their hands. — That they may rue — when they their end — shall behold hereafter. He the tree ascended — and shed his blood— God on the cross — through his spirit's power— Wherefore we should— at all times — give to the Lord thanks — in deeds and works — for that he us from thraldom led home — up to Heaven — where we may share — the greatness of God."— About the time of Caedmon's death early in the eighth century, the learned Eadhelm, Bishop of Sherborne, was work ing in Glastonbury Abbey translating the Psalms of David into Anglo-Saxon, and at his request, it is said, Egbert, Bishop of 1 Holy Island, completed about the same time a version of the Gospels, of which a copy is still preserved in the British Museum. But the names of Eadhlem and Egbert are overshadowed by that of a con temporary far greater than either. It was a calm peaceful evening in the spring of 735 — the evening of Ascension Day— and in his quiet celi in the monas tery of Jarrow, an aged monk lay dying. With laboured utterance he tried to dic tate to his scribe, while a group of fair- haired Saxon youths stood sorrowfully by, with tears beseeching their " dear master " to rest, That dying monk was the most famous scholar in his day in Western Europe. Through him Jarrow-on- the- Tyne had become the great centre of literature and science, hundreds of eager students crowding yearly to its halls to learn of the famous Baeda. He was deeply versed in the literature of Greece and Rome ; he had written on medicine and astronomy, and rhetoric, and most of the other known sciences of the time; his " Ecclesiastical History " is still the chief source of our knowledge of ancient Engr land. ' But none of his studies were to him equal to the study of religion ; none of his books of the same importance as his commentaries and sermons on Scripture. Even then, as he lay on his death-bed, he was feebly dictating to his scribe a trans lation of St. John's Gospel. "I don't want my boys to read a lie," he said, " or work to no purpose after I aim gone." And those "boys "seemed to have dearly loved the gentle old man. An epistle haB come down to us from his disciple Outhbert to a fellow reader, Cuthwin, telling of what had happened this Ascension Day. " Our father and master, whom God loved," he sayB, "had translated the Gospel of St. John as far as ' what are these among so many,' when the day came before our Lord's Ascension." " He then began to suffer much in hiB breath, and a swelling came in his feet, but he went on dictating to his scribe. "Go on quickly," he said, 'I know not how long I shall hold out, or how soon my Master will call me hence.' All night long he lay awake in thanksgiving, and when the Ascension Day dawned, he commanded us to write with all speed what he had begun." Thus the letter goes on affectionately describing the working and resting right through the day till the evening came, and then, with the setting sun gilding the windows of his cell, the old man lay feebly dictating the closing words. " There remains but one chapter, master," said the anxious scribe; " but it seems very hard for you so speak." "Nay- it is easy," Bede replied ; " take up thy pen and write quickly. , Amid blinding tears the young Bcribe wrote on. " And how; father," said he, as he eagerly caught the last words from his quivering lips, " only on sentence remaius." Bede dictated it.' " It is finished, master!" cried the youth, ; raising his head as the last" Svor d ' was . , : . writ ten. " Ay, it is finished!" echoed' the dying saint; "lift hie up, place me at that window of my Cell" where I have' so often prayed to God. N ow glory be to the Father, and to the ; Son, aud to the Holy Ghost!" And with ; /these words the beautiful spirit passed to ; the presence of th"e;Eternal "Trinity. pur next translator is no less a person than . King Alfred the. Great, whose ! patriotic wish has been so often quoted, that fall the:: freeborn youth of his king- dom should employ themselves on nothing till they could first read well the English ' Scripture.' A striking monument of his zeal for ' the Bible remains in the begin- ning of his Laws of England. The docu ment is headed, " Alfred's Dooms," and begins thus : " The dooms which the Almighty Himself, spake to Moses, and gave him to keep, and after our Saviour Christ came to earth, He said He came not to break or to forbid, but to keep them." And then follow the Ten Com mandments, in the forcible simple Anglo- Saxon terms, the first part of the ancient, laws of England. " Drihten waes sprecende thaes word.to ... Moyse and thus cwoeth : Ic earn Drihten thy God, Ic the sit gelaedde of Aegypta londe aud of heora . theoweome Ne lufa thu othre fremde Godas ofer me> « # Ara thinum fieder and thinre meder, tha the Drihten sealde the, that thu sy thy leng libbende on eorthan.- Ne slea thu. Ne stala thu. Ne lige thu dearnunga Ne siege thu lease gewitnesse-'-With' ' ' thinum nehstan. Ne wilna thu thines nehstan yifes mid ' unrihte " '! .'!. : '! ' Ne wyre thu the gyldene! godas ohthe seolfrene. . ; Here is the Lord's ? prayer of King Alfred's time : " Uren Fader dhic art in Heofnas; sic gehalged ' dhin noma : To cymedh dhim ric; sic dhin uuilla sue is. ... in Heofnas and in eardho. Yren hlaf ofer ' uuirthe sel vs to daeg ; and forgef us scylda urna ; sue uue forgefan sculdgun vrum. And ne inleadh vridk in cosfcnung al gefrig vrich from ifle." It is interesting as showing the growth of the English language, to compare this with the Lord's prayer of 300 years after wards. " Fader oure that art in heve ; i-halgcod be thi nome; I-cume thi .kinereiche ; Y-worthe thi wylle also is in hevene so be on erthe; our iche- days-bred gif us to day. And forgif us oure gultes ; also we forgifet our gultare ; and led uws nowth into fondyngge. Auth ales ows of harme. So be hit." Alfred engaged in a translation of . the . Psalms which, with the Gospels, seemed the favourite Scriptures of the people; but unlike his great predecessor, Bede, he died before his task was finished. Archbishop iElfric and a few other .. translators, appear about the close ot the; century ; but there is no need of describ-, ing their works in detail. So far as we V can judge by the existing manuscripts,-, most of these early Bible translations were intended for reading in the churches to i the people ; and their simple expressive terms made them very easily understood. A centurion was "a hundred man;" a; disciple a " leorning cnight," or a " learn-/ ing youth." The man with the dropsy is' translated as " the water-seoc man " ; the- Sabbath as "the reste daeg," and the;, woman who put her mites into the treasury is said to have cast them into the " gold- hoard." The connection between this old Saxon with our modern English, is illustrated by the following specimens: — St Matthew,' vii, 26-27. "And aelc thaera the gehyrath thas mine word, and tha ne wyrcth, se beth gelic tham dysigan man ga getimbrode hys hus ofer sand-ceosel. Tha rinde hyt and thaer comun flod and bleuwon winds and ahruron on that hus ; and that hus feoll, and hys hryre was mycel." (Tobe continued.') 