FOOTBALL. BULLETIN V. LAKE'S CREEK. A match under Rugby rules was played be- tween these clubs on Saturday afternoon last, at Lake's Creek. The chosen ground was the flat close to Comtey's Hotel, and, all things considered, it was in very good order, though aome dead timber near the touch lines needs removing. With a little trouble the ground could be made a capital one, there being a nice hill for the spectators. Messrs T. Smith and E. Cole were the respective captains, and Messrs. R. Dickie and Mark Kelly the umpires. The toss was won by T. Smith, and he elected to play from the south end, slightly uphill. The game was divided in two parts of thirty-five minutes each. The play was fairly even for some time, though the " Bulletin" men kept the ball well io their opponents' ground. After playing twenty five minutes, Smith got the first try, in a pretty good position, for the vieitors. He took the place-kick himself, which the Creek umpire gave as a poster. Shortly after Smith made a drop at gaol which seemed to go over, but it was given as a poster. Immediately on hearing tbe decision. Vise ran for the ball and touched it dowo. On being brought out and placed, the captain put it over the bar very nioely. The adjournment then took place, the scores being seven points to nil. Soon after resuming, Pummel!, who played a hard game throughout, got the ball over the goal-line, and scored right between the posts; Smith, however, failed to increase tbe score from the place kick. The visitors were now playing well, and Sinolair further increased the " Bulletin " score by a try near the touch lino. Smith made a grand attempt at goal, but the wind carried the ball off. About half- way in tbe second half Smith made a good drop kick, scoring another goal. Towards the end of the game the Creek team rallied well, and forced tho play into the visitors' twenty-five, narrowly missing to score two or three times At length the " no side " whistle souuded to the satisfaction of both teams. The game wat fast from start to finish, and though there was a good bit of "offside" play, taken right through the game was very enjoyable. The Creek team was much allonger than that of the vieitors, but so many of them were Association players, they did not make full use of their powers. Their high kicking, however, was rather dangerous in the loose scrimmages. For the winners Smith and Elliot did great service, the former making some capital runs, whilst Elliot tackled splendidly. R. J. Crane was j always on the ball, and is fast developing into a grand forward. To mention all who worked hard, however, would be to name all the < team. For the Creekites, J. Cahill, Soe, and j Millan ran and tackled well, and with a little < more experience will become really good Slayers. Hogan, Crow, and Robinson also eserve praise. The game ended in favour of the "Bulletin" by fifteen points to nil. After the usual cheers both teams adjourned to Oomley's Hotel, where the friendship of the players was further cemented over a social glass. I WANDERERS V. ROVEKS. Fifteen Wanderers and a few friends left the Post Office soon attar eight o'clock on Saturday morning, and proceeded by two o'f Callaghan's coaches to Mount Morgan, where they were matched to play the Rovers. The journey was bot accomplished without Beveral mishaps. One ooaoh came to grief no less than aereo times, cns of the wheels shaving a treéjjso 'dose that portions ot the harness werej biokàn. As it was, by tho time Bouldercombe was reached, the nones in the same oosoh were done up, and opon the ooaoh bound for town coming in sight, Mr. Calla- ghan-who drove the other of the two directed th«, passengers to tranship, «Ad tbs vehicle' from Mount Morgan had to tari back with its new freight. After a hot and dusty ride Moncton's Hotel; was reached shortly before one o'oolook, and, as soon as the necessary ablutions had been performed, footballers' justice was done to the viands set upon the table. The match was arranged to start at four o'clock, bot it iras half-past before it was found convenient afor the team to assemble oo tbs ground. The Wan- derers managed to get a full taara by anlisting the services of two substitutes, but a com- parison with their opponents «ras not at all in their favour. The Rovers being a junior club -that ls, a club which ha« only been started this year-played eighteen men to their opponents' fifteen, bat from the' appearance of the team on the ground it should have been the other way about. Aa wss apparent before the match was over, weight tells ; and the Wanderers received s moat unmerciful hiding from their opponents, scoring nineteen points (two of which are disputed) to nit. Skeens captained the Rovers and Sims the Wanderers. The play for the first twepty mioutes was very even, the Rovers only scoring a disputed try, and things «ere not altered at half-time. After thia tbs Mountaineers did jost as they pleased, notwithstanding the plucky exer- tions of Oodsall, Oelriohs, t aimer, Mathias, Sims, and one or two other?. The Wanderers played a .good losing gams, bat they were thoroughly outmatched both in weight and numbers, and there was no opportunity for seien«, for, as soon as the ball was In the scrimmage, the Rover for ward a -and there wera twelve of them-rushed. through just aa they liked. Try after try was scored in this manner, and there was nothing left for the Wanderers to do but to grin and bear it, Once in the second twenty minutes-Oodsall made a magnjfioent .drop kick from about half ground, -just on the touch line, sad the ball dropped a few inches, short ot tho bar. On another tMoaaicn Palmer nearly got in by bouncing tho ball on the fine and skimnung along, towards his opponents' goal. There was only one mao to atop him, and' Palmer passed to Mathias, who bad followed .up like a Trojan, and who be thought had a better ohasoe of getting over. As it jvas "the' Wanderer forward waa oolUred by soma of the Rovers who had chased Palmer. With, these exceptions the Wanderers never bad the ghost of a show of scoring ; and were quite content wheo the gama ended that the score was not even greater. The Rovers I played well together, bat on repeated oe. casions used unnecessary viólenos in fionting their smaller opponents, several of whom were hort de combat before the mutch was i ended. Feeling ran very high repeatedly., j I Mr. A. S. Tompsoo umpired for the Wan- derers, and a looa! gentleman did the same I office for the Rovers. The ground is situated on a slope, and there was a strong wind blowingdownhillduringtbematcb. Although feeling was very high amongst the OOO or 700 spectators, cheers were given by the respec- tive pl »yera, and in the evening there was a large roll up at Moncktou'a Hotel, where a pleasant social evening was spent. The healths of the respective clubs were drunk, and also success to tbe Central Queensland Rugby Union, Mr. Mathias, the Secretary, responding. The Wanderers returned to town yesterday afternoon without mishap. Although they sustained such a crushing defeat, it is only due to them to say they bsd nothing like their beat team iu the field ; but even if they had they would find it a tough thing to best eighteen such men as were pitted against them an Saturday. SKCOHD HcorrisH e. SECOND BAUBLERS. A very exciting game was played on Satur- day afternoon on the Gymnasium Ground between these two clubs, which resulted in s win for the Scottish by two goals to one. A rAFBB CHASE. A dosen of the Berserker Club turned np on Saturday afternoon to take part in the announoed paper «kass.- F. W. Smith and T.,M'William uadsrtook tbs rofe of hares, sad were allowed ten minutes1 stark The trail waa first atraok near tbs F. P,A> and fi. Society's 8how Grounds, and -was followed aoross a paddook to Lion Creak. Thence across the creek, along it, and among the lagoons. In this locality the hares were seen for the first and only time, as the trail was noon after lost. About ten miles were traversed, the party returning by way of the Hospital. Members of the first and second fifteens of the Berserker Club are requested to meet at tile Fire Brigade Station on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday evenings at 7*45. 