%-m & €hu. THE FALLS. Br THE CaOST OF EDGAB ALLAN FOE Come and peze upon the falls 1 Water-falls ! What aheap of foaming spray leaps o'er their rocky walls ! How they tumble, tumble, tumble Down tbe yearning gap below, Whilst tbe never ending rumble Seems a great gigantic grumble, Or a scrt of monster blow 1 Tlnwn thev ro. fro. o*--. Like a cistern over-flow. O 1 the circumnavigation of those catarac tine tqnal's Of the falls, falls, falls, falls ! Falls, fills, falls— Of the dashing and the splashing Of the falls ! How about those horrid falls, Footfapath falls! What a shake-up to the body, ani bow the mind it galls. And men cay as down they go, ?? rhng it all 1' or ?? Bats 1 ' or ' Oh I' Whilst the omniscient boy, At height of voice, Witu a yell will them annoy, Fir with fraotio, fiendish joy Doth he rejoice. Whilst his* victim spreads and sprawls ; How he cilia, And cat-like crawls Up the fcotpath, and he galls, With triumphant citerwanlB. The wretch, lying, sighiag, crying, From his falls, falls, falls, falls, Fmm hit falls, fall-, From the aching and the shaking 0£ his folk. When a woman has a new pair of shoes cent home she p-rforms altogether different from a man. She never shoves her toes into them and yanks and hauls until she is red in the face and all out of breath, and then goes stamping and kicking around, bat palls them on p-rt way carefully, twitches them off again to take a last look, and sees if she has got the right one, palls them on again, looks at them dnamily, cays they are jast right, then taking another look, Btortfi snddenlv to smooth out a wrinkle. twiBtB round and son- eye them sideways, exclaims : ' Mercy 1 how loose they are,' looks at them again square ia front, works her foot around so they won't hurt her quite eo murh, takes them off, locks at the heel, the toe, the bottom, and the inside, puts them on again, walks op and down the room twice, remarks to her better half that she won't have them at any price, tilts down the mirror so she can see how they Icok, tuini it in every potible direc tion and nearly dislocates her neck trying to Bee how they looked from that way, backs off, steps up again, takes 30 cr 40 farewell looks, says that they make her feet look aw ful big end will never do in the world, puts them on and off thrte or four times more, asks her hnebuid what he thinks shout it, and then pays no attention to what be cays, goes through it all again, end finally cays she will take them. It is very simple. They had a tiff, and he was anxious to clear away the ominona lines at the corners of her month. 'I see that dresses are to be wornjonger than usual next season,' he ob served, glancing carelessly up from the pages of his morning paper. ' Well, if they are to be worn longer than I am compelled to wear mine they'll hive to be made of sheet-iron,' she replied with a look that, he afterwards confided to a friend, fairly scorched birr. Jenny sighed and Bobin seisjd her Pretty little trembling hand, Then with outstretched arms he Equerzsd her Half-reluctant form — and — and — ' Loose me I' but he da'psd her tighter, '- Jennie, say wilt thou bs mine ? ' Then her bright face grew mnch brighter, And she whispered, '* I am thine.' Then they clasped each other fondly, Cli se together as two bricks. Then they kissed each other soundly, An— I Irft them in that fix. The Bev B. Dott Thompson advertises in the London Meriting Pott for a valet who 'must krow a bit about boxing, and, if necessary, be able to put np the raw 'an«.' It is very evident thit even the natives of the tar away old world are troubled with book agents occasionally. For what other reason would a minister of the gospel wish to hire a pugilist 7 & farmer met a patent medicine fence decorator in Melbourne the other day and invited him to come out. ' 1*21 give yon leave to paint yonr signs on five hun dred rods of fence along the main road,' said the farmer. The next day the sign painter hired an expensive livery affair and drove out. The farmer gave him a warm welcome and invited him to look over the fans. After a while the painter asked to e-e five hundred rods of fence. ' Oh, I for got to tell you in town,' sa:d the farmer, ' that the fence is wire.' A young man proposed for tbe hand of a b:autiful girl. As she hesitated, he said — '? I await yosr answer with bated breath.' The girl, who is a pooi deal of a humorist, eaid— ' Well, Mr. Plank, you will have to bait your breath with something besides whiskey to catch your humble Bervant.' ' Did yon ever try to play on a cabman friend cuts. ' It's lots of fan. A relation of mine tried it last summer, and succeeded, too, in spite of the rather Btale flavor of this practical joke. He took a hansom after mid night at The Princess to go to his lodgings out in Carlton. Bememberinff the stalencsl of the ' lost sovereign ? dodge, he thought it *oild hardly 'go down' with a bright and ennning Melbourne cabby, bnt resolved to try it just for the fnu of it. JuEt as they came in front of a publichouse a few doors from his home the ' fare ' stock his head oat of the cab window and ordered the driver to halt. ' I eay, cabby, IVeTdropped a sov ereign in tfaelstraw- on the bottom of the vehicle ; just pnll up at that 'pab' till I ran in and get a match so that I can find the com.' ' All right, sir,' said the cabby, and pulled np opposite the door of the hotel. My friend alighted and had scarcely taken Uiree,rtfimuK AiBriy'-wmpped 'uphis horse ana flew away into the foggy night, carry tog with him (as he supposed) that sovereign snugly concealed in tbe straw. The gentle man, having now reached bis lodgings and without expense, smiled a mole, like the opening of a portmanteau, an! wickedly gloated over the brilliant success of the ancient sell.' 