[?] ill.' ^ ? - ? ? . '- A .fiHA RMJNG , *? ? : ? By. LAURA JE All LIBBEY. ? «V ^?'-^?^r^HA^TER XXXVllv' . A= STRUGGLE IN THE DE.tli 1I-5VI! OF THE 4 -. XIQUT. ' - r It yas fhe most intenso moment of Inez *. Clavering's eventful -'life. Guy Lhiugston ? had turned and left her with those terrible ? words ot^hw'lips- — lcffchersfcruidingalone, -v ^peec^legs^ powerless/ spellbound; in tlio chill, bluo night. * /Round her the wind was whining :ana ? . .V S*. blustering. „ Overhead-, the stars were , - burning golden. The burniMied cioua* j had gone. No Bign of any human il^iir.c — i * ! .;man or ghost — wasmar. Only the fir tree* .? « . stretching down thUulejoJats. avenue, nnd i at the far endt in 'the dimness,, the high, j white moon shining -ovt-r the sleeping ; ?/ flower-v v ' ' * . 'With a weird crj?Ii»ez «prang forward, j Never, no, nev^r would she lend herself to . such a scheme.#* ^jvpgaton? proposed. ' . * She l^ad, not sutffc^ so^l«*.v as thzijfc. Jibe. wouSiiTinirn Max Forrester. ? ? She moved forward 'quickly toward the t .i house, but in her cxciternent turned i'side . the^ath.-,, ' i^er foot caught hi the enl&|gli^. yine«, fon.d sho »viis 'thrown violently on her face, tvhe're she lay tnotionless, like one striken dead. An hour passed by, and in accordance with hispromisc, Guy Livingston returned ; much to his surprise and anger, Inez *v.p*;';';CIavering was not tlttjfe',^* 'y *' ' He did not see the unconscious figure that lay so white and cold, iu tlic dense ahadow of the fjra. '? ' She is not here,' he muttereJ, with a imprecation. uIiy that 1 am to understand she will not aid me in this scheme. Would she 'fare, betray ino to V Forreater?' hb mused, with darkened ^£2?^ i#1 . .. j #nifTiiii nf iTifn'Tiiiir^riTrTl ii 'a golden ***; nit of luck that occur* to'a follow only once in a lifetime. Xo one nliall stand Again lie tifrned un liiu liecl, and cau tiously ajipraacliuil tin: ltuuse., - All waa fcilent within. Withgjlt tliero v/asxinly 'lit! sound of tin; niijl»tl()nd )itir ri »-; tho limeH, '?nil thu dist.intuhiniin^ of some far-off clopk ttriking- tho flour of chv«li. ; vTa'oroji-^j i 'JigM'ln^fu Forrr-ster's \- room; Ifi intuit trait A little. ' ? Itv/iu (jiiile nil hour hnfuro tlio houiio wan v.m!-;ii 'l in a mantle of (hirknesa. and quiet !'i'i;ri;t'! . Then I,iviii,;n,toiiM1 the . ' IniBtr'l (lurviVnt, t-.i-Jc a l;.tc,;.-!i.;v frmii his pociti*r, iimcriud it iu tin: lock, mid tho outer dour H'.vuu^ iiniimlusiily liin.'l. an iifl Imi','es. »».#? ? « fjlottl'thily ho crjjhscd thu darhii hadowy co rridor*, until ho *USId hefuru the doorti/ .tho em.ill parlor mmicctcd wjth Mr, Wor : rantet'i tieupinif njJartino»t,. mj'l in which was tho iron safe. It wastccuroly 'ostumd from thu insiilo, ond vury deliberately tlm midnight niar uudorB.t lo work to iiiif;^.i.'u it. At last hu blood within tliq room, llcayy velvet curtain* tlnit nut tlm gleam of tliu durli iuutorn ho carriud from tho sleojiing occupant of the clminhur hu V ? ' yond, It. was » lonx; an-l laliorioiH v ork open ing tlio iron snjfe, for tho combination of tjjy lock, a1; ho had und' I'aU'od it, utomed \- -Incomci. 'Hill r - nn niifi had to 1)0 ri-- sortcd to, and /;rcaL tnuii'in uxorcified, Tho clock in an' ml jnoi hi tjjwur «t ruck ono just an thu heavy, iron door llovv hack ' ' ' »ui*«l«uly un it* IiUw'S. . The /iriit druwor, v.hicii wua iiillcd (n ft sintjlo nioniiriit, contained only it broken JloHcr. o small kid-glovo, a womnn'a J'io tiK'e, net in a truperb iienrl mid ebony I ' frame, and o lock of Koldeii hair, ' . ' ?- Ijivingstoii loosed thorn antdii and opened I 1 ; .thuuext. A quantity of jiapors and other I -' document)) wfirro licvo, uf value to tho V '' , ownor!o|ily. Patiently, one by one; each spectacle was gono through ; but the large package of bank notes, tho bag of gold and the Forrester diamonds, which were known to bo kept here, were not to be found; amut tured imprecation burst .from his lips. Had Inez Clavering betrayed him? And ?how. had . they been removed ? If so,' liow did ho . know who might be watching him from tho dark, shadowy corne^.^-f.V He/gave H guilty start, glancing fear- | fully around him, but no form sprang! out fpqjn the dark shadows ; reassured, , ho .bdg/in his search JWLew, thinking that I ^e' i^^robal^igl ovqfelooked it in his j g'T^phid^eney^ be the case. In ono of | pie a(^L-conipaAinents to the left he found^iie ^reteifl^rizo. v- £j ldppl ins^nt grasped the large fibs that sound? Still filutc^Ruu^&Bot;^ he leaned breathlessly r^rw^B^!Keria^ into the darkness beyond, tjbPn wulrously 'drew tho slide from the StK-fr laninu flashing its rays on tha ickk cAtaimthat^c^rated Max. For- ' '°flB ^e^ apartment. No faco. j^eKf iorth from them. He was §aie* (Bnftgh from that quarter. None of tno ^grvants were likely td be proStling about ?6 tliat hour. *-5 --;* . \ i f^'Very iniently he lisfGned. ' his'fnncy, or tho «-und repeated again I , liko a^ushed moan of terrible pain, ah^'ft softj l^tling swish, as of some thing being dragged dver-thes velvet car Bahrain he paused, listening in ' -Tjie ^SngJ^qund was more distinct. He'coyld fc^intnitiiely, another's pres ence in-the : *' ' *'? f * ' .^9t-eavihg the midnight intmclQP'in thi» 1 position for a few inomcnts, we^wiU r^^jnr-! ffr£bqz Clavcring,'/ t^;oui wo'left lying;! ^cfcsciou3 in slmd^w of the j trees. ' . * ? ' ' ' - i . For long' hours slie lay there,- with the i night dow falling on her face aiid on her j -&Z; curljuifJiair. , j 11 Where -3S How came I here ? Aud what is the matter wiih'me?' she moaned, pressing her iiauds to her throb biug tcinplea.. X ' * Like a dash, suspended memory'; re turned to her, and all that had haproued forced its way through her bewildered br.iiti. , t ; . How long hajd. q al th 6ro uncon gC^jj^^yW^ 'ifc/'Tmuhight yet? Had 'and, not tinding her brain the clock in 'the' a3j:^^^^t:ecple struck u one.' With a desperate cry, she tried to raisn ?hers'ilf to hev_feet, Jjut the excruciat made her swo6n;^^^w^fe^v^^Lt. - v*^ 'I wilt re£riflrSB^ pist , bj. at ilast one good action, 'she murniuf'Cil, trying to drag' herself toward the ikjusc. Onlylleavenkne'.vhowsheaccomplished it, the pain was'su intense. Only thesnp^ pressed moans that came fi;oiu the white lips now and, then; released her terrjble -^t^fcVp,t^?breatfi she, crept past the librar/,racm3s the long, dim corridors, to the room where little Flo lay, dreaming in all her childish innocence upon her little white bed.4 - . Striving with ^ mighty effort to over come the' swooning dizziness that threat ened to overcome her. step by step she jii.i'le her way through the child's room, guidedrfcy the dim moonlight, to the door of the little parlor beyond which com municated, with Max Forresters apart fents. ! She meant to knock* fipon it, arouse him, ^nd warn him of the attempt at robbery which' was to be made, that night. A5i she touched the door, tpher tcrror;jnd dismay it yielded to the slight, pressure. He must havo been there before her. Great God ! had tho robbery already taken place? ' ? . As she crossed'tlio thre^Jiolda sight met her - gaze that froze tlio blood in her viens, and made her heart stop almost beating. . »She saw tho snfe door standing open j and the figure of a man kneeling before it. ' V- . The light from o chink in thp dark lan tern fell upon hi^., hands, and'in ono of them she saw a lartafc paakago of bank- notes Max Forrester lw fi3u that day drawn from.the liank of England. ' She tried to scream out — to utter a wild, friorcing cry, but tho sound died away in ler throat.' She clung to tho casement, her strang ling. bfeath coming aud going in fitful g;wp5- A desperate resolution came to her. The power, of spoccli aeeutod to have left her, but alio would make her way to wlj^ro the man stood and grapple with him. ' Tho noise of tho scrufilo would arouHo Forrester, und sho might pre Mnk tlid.robbcry at tlio J»ft moment, per haps. ' „ : ^0p!)eil on her kndes, drag gin^ljcrself slowly; snftly, despite her horrible pniu,tnward«ho man kneeling be fore the nafe. Ono moment more, and she would bo so near him sho could clutchthu hand that held the mjtcs ; ..then nothing but death should break bor hold. ' cn a PTKrt xxxviii. , ' I HAVE (UVKN' MV MF« T1UT VUj/ MfOHT ME SI-AUKt),11 ? S* 41 It must have beeu only fancy,' mut tered Livingston, hoarsely. 41 Tliero is no oiin here.' The words wore .ncarctily. uttored ero u liuii/1, c-)ld an deatii, grasped him, and a piercing .cry echoed tlirougU tho room. ' ?? Ilo ht,ut-d back '.with a terrible im !-reci}tjon, and attenipti d to hj»rlng through lite open window out into the balcony, bub tho hand held him fast. . In grappling with his adversary he found, to-hirt amnxemcnt, it was u woman; ,aii(( with a cry broke fiom Jior H|-»« 'lioliad instantly recognised Inez. (Jlavering'n voice. ' ? 44 Bo it Uyou wliohavo betrayed mo V ho'Jdssed, drawing- her frantjciilly by main force to tho oixm window, and vow ing be would fling her thought it, ° Drop tlio money,' alto gasped, *' lliwi I will let go my hold~-nevev until lh«n, even though you ki!lnl mo !' l4Vou fool, you will have your (Mb upon your own head !' he cried, striking the white arms a terrible blow; 44 but you ic//Jhavo it so ]*' . By main force he had dragged her to the.opon window in a trice ; but in that instant the velvet curtains of the inner appartment were hurled back, and Max Forrester, headed by an oriny of servants, who had heard the terrible cries and the struggles, sprang into\he room. In less than a second a flood of light from the gas jet illumined the scene, and Livingston fouud himself in the grasp cf stalwart men. Max Forrester had sprung forward. 41 Is this you, Mrs. ^hornc?'' ho criqd, incredulously. ? ' ' . . Then she* turned her face toward him. Max recoiled with a shocked cry. 'Inez Claveringl' ho gasped. ,4-In Heaven's name is this yoitt pram I mad, or dreaming ? How came you here.' ' She tried to answer him. . u I— I — am here to save you. or yours,' she murmured, so faintly that he had to bend his ear to catch tlio- words that were whispeied with such difliculty. She would [have sunk to the floor had he not reachcd ^ut liis jyrm suddenly and caught her. £ Then; lo his horror, he saw the terrible wound on «hor temple' which had been made by1 the sharp stones on which' she fallen, and froirl which the blocd was nowing piteously. . Strong ' hands had already ;pinioried Livingston, and had taken from him. the package of; bills and the black case con taining the Forrester diamonds. '7Y0U think you have the best of m»j this 'time, ^Forrester,' he said, defiantly ; 41 but I hkveone more card to play erethis -littlo game is decided.'.' ' So saying, 'quick a3 a flash, his right hand* traversed to his breast pockot. There was a bright gleam of steel, a sudden report, and- Maxamillian Forres ter's life -vould have ended then and there if it had not boen that poor Inez, seeing ^tie motion, had sprung before Max with a wild cry, receiving in her own breast tho bullet that was intended for his. .In an instant the greates't confusion reigned. They wore not quick enough to prevent the second shot wnich was fired, and which. ended, then, and there, Guy Livingston's misguided life. A physician was summoned in all haste. In answer to Max* Forrester's eager ques tion it the lady's* injuries would prove fatal he said : v1 1 have every reason to fear so. Stil!, while there's life there's hope.' 'She risked her life to save] mine,' re turned Max, hoarsely. 'Do 'everything to save her.fchat money and skill can sug gest and accomplish, Doctor. She uuist ml die.' ?' ? * 4?SJie'is in tho hands of a power highes- than purs.' reproved the doctor, 'quietly. .do everything that can bo done ►tai^ihpr, certainly. In an hour's time. I shtfll be able to tell yon whether it will be life or death.' ' During- the- hour that followed, Max Forrester paccd the corridor in the great est excitement. Surely. Heaven would not let the poor girl die 'for so nobly standing between him and the terrible fate that menaced him!- . .. At length he was summoned to her bed side. . . ♦ ? u It will be all over with we soon, Max,' sho whispered. u Take my hands riu yours, aud hold them «s a token that you. forgive ! me for ail the past. I— I wrecked your I life and— and Florabel's ; but I haveatonod I for it at last by giving my life to save' I yours.' Ho took the ^ice-cold hands in his, his j tears falling liko rain upon theni. I 41 1 forgive you for all, Inez,' . he said. | 'Do nob think of it. 'Forget the past as I do. As Heaven hears iue, Ivdcclure I to you that you are fully and freely ior ! given.' j 44 1 have brought shadows . into your I life, Max,' she murmured, speaking with, difliculty ;'4,but it is in my power to brihii j back, the sunshine soon now, very soon.' Sho did not tell hini how she, had re- ; vealod, in broken gasps, all of the pitiful | past to the astonished old doctor. . Aud | ho himself 'had undertaken the task of going for Florabel, and bringing her b.Tck ! to tho Hall without delay. | It wascertainly a strange hour to'arouso the inmates of the neighboring villa aud call for Mrs. Forrester ;. but, of course, hearing it was a case of life and death, Florabel cunic down at once. ' Faithfully the doctor repeated, word for word; Inez Covering's words. And who shall describe Florabel's * iuteuse'- emotion as she listened ? ; .Tho doctor quito'' believed she would faint outright when be broke to her by degrees that tho. littlb child she had mourned long years as dead was ulive, and had been restored by the hand of fate to ?its owrt father, aiid was at that moment beneath his roof in the potson of littlo Flora. ? ? Toars fell likd.rain down hor faGe when sho listeuod to tho olomientTocitarof how poor Inez- had atoned so heroically for the terrible past' by giving hor lifo to save. Max. Florabel never romembered how sho reached the Hall, with tho old doctor by her side. It all seemed to hur liko a cou fu&od; droain. Tho doctor pushed opon tho .door of the drawing- room and bade hor enter. 3onto ouo was standing at tho. furthor ond of tho room, his olbows leaning against the inarble mantel. Florahel utorid at the thronhold liko n ?bashful school-girl, the color doming and going on her .pretty dimpled chooks iu crimson fluidies. J It was Max who stood at tlio further end of tho, room — Max, tho5. handsome, gay, dobonair young lovor, who had wooed &n4; won her among tho blossonung wild flowers in tho pretty dull ; whonydio-hnd wedded and loved with all the strength of her young heart. Did lie rt'fllly love hor still V Jlow her heart heat as sho took a step or two timiilly forward, then' paused, holding out hor hands towards him in a piteous, un certain way. *? Max,' sho murmutoil ; but lift did not hear hor, ho was engrossed so deeply in his own thoughts. - Who approached him timidly, slowly, as though fearful that tho promise of com nlotu reconciliation wus too good tu bo true. Hint wus standing so noar hiiti now that her dark robes touched him. It was strange that tlur peifumo of .tho p«il« roJCu hho wore on her breast did not reach him. 41 Floral— I shall see -you soon now, my darling,' ho murmured, stretching out hi» arms, voluntaril)*. Willi iv quick mot inn sho glided into. them.' 4,Max!~ my husband 1' f-hu sobbod, and tbg next instant two soft, white arms were clinging round his ricck, and a curly, golden head was buried on his breast, 'Who shall describo the happiness of. tlio reconciliation that followed V . To Florabel it seemed like being wooed atyl won all over again by this handsome lover-husband. - . Despite the hour, little Flora's maid was summoned to the drawing-room at once,, and requested, to bring down lier little charge. ? 4- Ko, no,' said Florahel. gently ; u'wa will go to her room, deir. Sho must not be awakened '; there will be a to-morrow, and many a'happy to-Tuorrow for us.' Together * they went to the child's room and once there ail Florabel's forti tude forsook her 'as slie gazed at the lovely, ehildish face, with its . floating, golden hair, lying against tho snowy pillow. Her child — her very own—the little child she had believed so lorn* to be lying in it3 littlo daisy-studded grave on the sloping h:lUside ! ;: No wonder she flung herself on her knees, weeping for joy as sho had never, wept in all her life' before. ? .* But loving arms twined themselves about her. 44 Nay, uay, my darling,' said Max, ? softly ; ?' this is U11 occasion for.smiles, hot tear3, my Florahel. Remember the old proverb — '.AlTa well that.enda well.1' .CHAPTER XXXIX.' . THE WHOLE WUIUI) MOVES pV THE MAGIC * 1'OWE'k OF LOVJi. There was a hurried summons to the sickroom, and, with arms entwined, they hastily followed to 'tho room where poor Inez was fighting back the dark shadows of death. . . A pitiful light broke over tho. death white face as she saw them. They advanced quickly and knelt by the couch. *44 You both — forgive — she gasped. 44 Yes. as we hope to be forgiven, Inetf,' j murmured Florabel, soleiuly. u The past is past, my poor girl.' 44 You will have a happy future, 'sobbed Inez, 'and 'mid3t all your pleasures now do not forget me — pray for a soul in' dire distress. My lifo has gone all wrong,' she wailed.. ' 1 am not sorry to go and end it all. Listen .to my last praycr» Florabel. It is this :? That when tho dark shadows are closing iu around -me, my eyes shall res t upon the face 1 have loml best in life.' And here she holdout her hand piteously towar.l Max. \- It was Florabel who took his trembling hand and 'placed. the little, deafch-iold hand in it.' ' .. 4i Be kind to her, Max,' she whispered. 44 See, she is dying,, and she has loved you with a love surpassing. the lov« of woman — with' a love which was her doom/ She gavo her young life that yours miglii be spared. . Max always , liked to remember that I10 bent over aud pressed hrs Hps to the cold forehead on which the damp dew of death Wiis fast gathering; ? A glory like a halo lit up the white face She had loved him so well—so well — and she was leaving him forever, to meet neveri again on earth — never agaiu. .. ''Would that I could cry out with a voice of warning to young girls- that would reach the four corners of the earth. 1 would -wain them against the utter folly , of lov-ing one who never will return their loyo— —whose heart is given to another. I 'would warn them to take an example by my uyhuppy lifo and its pitiful euding to not try' to take vengeance ::gain-3t their successful rival, for is is. written, 'Ven geance is mine, saith tho Lord.' I have sinned, but I havo suffered, iio ;ven alofio knows how much. The foir, the suspense^ that the hand of rate wonld undo all that* I plotted kept me in a fever of terror as hvri;iblo to endure as the pangs of death itself. ' I am glad it is all over, and thS wasted life of Inez Clavering is drawing nearer each moment to the end. Ah mo I it has been: such a misspent life!'. How sadly L wasted tho beauty and talents God gave me!'' * : - Suddenly she grasped, the hands that 1 held her own still clusor., - . j . U You will stay until the dark water, ; which is creeping nearer and nearer, cn- ! gulfs me, Max,' sho whispered. '? And then they knew that her mind was \ wandering. Still, the great* dark, burn ing eyes, so torviblo in their intent ga:;e, ! never fur an instant left his face ; and 1 so sho died as sho had prayed to die — ! looking' upou the facp she had loved best i on earth. ' - j ' Two days later, when the sun was .shin- | ing and the laburnum blossoms nodding iij tho breeze, they laid to rest all that was mortal ,of beautiful, hapless, Inez Clavering. , ' Max nnd Florabel, with littlo Fh\ who was delighted to havo found both- a real mamma and' 'her own .papa, soon set sail for homo in dear. Australia. Arthur, Florabel's erring brother, who had in the 'dark p.uif caused her' so much woe; was delighted when' he received a cablegram from Max (with whom, ho had been in communication), informing him he had found' Florabel at last, and was com ing home. . Straightway ho Parried th'oeaUegram to | old Mrs. Forrester. 44 Wo must givj them a royal welcomo homo,' she said ; and tho proud old lady thanked God ..hor handsome sod was. re united at lunf^th thu young, girl sho had hated so pro(cuindly when ho had lirnt brought htir home, a timid, childish, liltlu brido. Heaven choso wisely whtfn Ma\'H heart went. out to Florabul instead of to boauti j ful, fuulty Ineit. ' . And tho truth of tho old adago came homo to hor : ' When parents interfere in thu judicious lovd nffaim of their 1 ; childron,. tho (Jay comes when they will rue it.' 1 Mrs, Fomsterrhad been surprisod, uuo day, by n'vUit from Mr. Runtartoti'i daughtora— Kvelyn and l\raud, ? 4 4 Wo havo como to ntono a^ best we can for a letter we oncp wrote you in. regard fo Florabol,' said Maud, flushing with shame aud npoaWtig with nu eti'ort, 44 After all these years, I must humbly own, in all. ti nth, that' it mis written In muliu'1, and with the hope of injuring, her iu ynur esteem; foi;..wo aIl know from what a Utthi wood dislike, aye, iivui hatred that huts a life-time, is I flown. j j ?MJneo again, not. so very long ago.-we I injured her ; but, with thu putiuticu ofntt } angul, she f/nvave un, and, awhile tliu sting j was yrft np-»u her, tho opportunity came lo 1 U- r to} email m. 1 1 t .our wealth was in rn\T Then, iudtiod th^'' * _ I shone out in all its grandeur. She refused to take from us that which wo had enjoyed, believing it to be ours so long, and would take but a modest third' She had heaped coals of fire on our guilty heads ; and now with our latest breath we shall bless her. We shall never forget her kindness— never.'* . Ko one spoke of Florabel save with warmest praise; and it riado Mrs. Forresters heart feel voung again to hear .it, . . . Max's father had from the first to the last matntaiued ' unshaked faith ip. Flora bel. ' .How eagerly they looked- forward to their . home-coming, and how aifxious they were to see little Flo, who, Max had written them, w«'is'44a.hcarty, romping chilu now, who disdained alike the use of crutch or stick, and was plump and rosy as they could wish.' ? 'G rent were the preparations made at the Forrester country seat, and again, ason that other home-coming, guest . were gathered to ree'eive them. At last the carriage which wa3 sent to the city to meet the steamer'was sighted, and Mrs. Forrester's heart beat high as she heard the welcome news. With what delight and affectioii she re ceived them, and how proud she was of, lovely Florabel, as she led her down among the assembled guests ! She had gone through fiery ordeals. She had known every deptli -of huma.n woe ; but the bright hazel-eyes showed 110 si^ns of the burning tears they had shed; Tho lovelj* face was not Sumn.-ed by line3 of care. She was the same Florabel-nf old — a trifle graver, perhaps, but all the sweeter aud more' womanly for that gravity. . . Fiveyearehave passed sinco that momor- i able night of Max and Florabel's home coming. There have be.m -great changes. ; Max's father and mother have long sijee t passed away, aud Max and Florabel live j ! now at Forrester Villa. | j ' Two loveh* children gamhid on the lawn j j — Flora, a pert, saucy .Miss oSnearly ten | J year3 now/ the idol of her lather and j I mother; and a little dark-eyed sister, j If j-ou should ask her her. name, she J would turn her dark, velvety eve3 npon j you. and, tossing back her raven ringlets, J answer : I- Papa calls mc little Snnshine, but mamm t calls mo ^ue:;. ' 1 am named after j the dark-eyed lady whose portrait hangs j 1 in the picture gallery.' 1 j It is, indeed, a happy .household, and | j Florabel often roguishly declares, although i she is no\v six-aud-twenty,- Max is more-! her lover than in. those old days when! she w^s sweet sixteen, and when he, the i heir of the Forrester millions, wroo'ed her 1 under the guise or a gardener, and shej wedded him for love and not for gold. ? .j There is little to add, dear reader, when j our heroine and her handsome husband j are rc-united and happy at last. Those j who know them smile and call them I 44 married lovers,' for. Mix fairly, w^r-1 ships his beautiful wife and adores their j children. ' There is not one clotid' now in sweet Florabel's sky. The sun tlidt shines above her is more golden than the bright future which lies before her, for there is always contentment and joy where love rules supreme. Handsome Max never ceases blessing the day -when he became a. hus- band, and all through the years that come and go he will btill be Ucautiful Fhrabd': Lqtci\ ' I ? THE. E!vp. ? , 1 