[ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.} 1 ' I MOTHER and DAUGHTER. (CONTINUED FKOM SATURDAY'S ISSUE) . j , CHAPTER TV. , . By Wilfred Woolíám, Esq., B.A, L.L.M. Author of ",The Maid of the Marlie ^Heart, .ye." DB. WELGBOVE was a busy," practical man now, with a vein of dreamy, almost romantic, tenderness running through, his nature, and coming out ever and again, to the admira- tion of ^people (his «parents generally) like a great cluster of primroses, or a fragrant bed of violets, on a busy and dusty road. One might have thought Katie "Weather well was all forgotten-but it waa not so. If the enterprise and ambition of bis career dulled him to all that reverie-feasting and memory-pledging pastime of a lover, bis thoughts often wandered in his busiest mo- ments from the bustling city of TJlmchester and his growing practise to that quiet water- ing place; and thence again to the dirty town of Screwthorpe, and that dejected house, where Katie's mother lived, but which sbe had never called " home." Six months passed again, however, before Dr. "Welgrove found himself on the way to make another call (as he had promised) on Mrs. Lacey. This was a year after he had seen Katie. ? As he approached the door he had a pre- sentiment of disappointment-perhaps be- cause he was used to disappointments ; but another step or two revealed even more than what he was afraid of. In a grim glass case attached to the grim iron wulings of that desolate- looking house -one'S^of a desolate-looking row-.was .a staring, repulsive set'of false teeth, and tön the gate was an ugly little oblong frame with cracked glass over it, and inside the words Molar, Dental Surgeon. The slipshod servant girl did not know the name of Lacey. They had lived there three months or more. Mr. Molar was out, but she could find him if he was "wanted; and with the last gratuitons suggestion she glanced mechanically towards an adjacent corner house, over the door of which were written the words, which could not have been appropriate for a long, long time, Woodside Hotel. Thence Dr. Welgrove be- took himself in a handsom to his old neigh- bourhood-a distance of two miles-paid one or two short visits to old acquaintances, and eventually sent a telegram to his assistant, and remained all night. All the information he could gather, how- ever, and he exerted himself considerably, was slight. Mr. Lacey " was smashed up" completely -he had left the town four or five months ago in debt-and in sad disrepute. " No, he didn't drink-at least he wasn't a drunk- ard ; but he had no character-in fact, he had been dishonest." Mrs. Lacey had " borne up" wonderfully. She didn't seem to have altered. " No, he was not unkind to her-he seemed rather afraid of her; but they had had one or two violent quarrels about her daughter." It was about a year since Miss "Weatherwell was in town ; then she visited among her mother's old acquaint- ances ; was cold and proud, utterly without feeling for her mother, and abused her step- father scandalously. Mr. Lacey had been heard to talk about going abroard-he spoke Erench as well as English, and had lived some time in Germany. " Yes, Mr. Lacey might possibly be apprehended in Screw- thorpe, but not probably anywhere else !" Such was about the sum of information Dr. Welgrove took back with him to Ulm ehester, with many weary, hopeless conject- ures of Katie and her mother-yes, her mother-old -memories and old affections come back to us at strange moments and with strange effects. And could it be pos- sible, that that sweet sympathetic, strong willed little child had grown cold to her ? Only a year ago she seemed to him (save in those moments of strange reverse) as love- able as when she sprang towards him regard- less of Mr. Lacey'sVchocolate, and then so prettily kissed her mother. If she had only stuck to her now and made her life less cheer- less, less wretched. Poor Mrs. Lacey ! She was always winning. She had been so unaffectedly gracious in that last touching interview only six months ago ; and she was still young-looking and bright and beautiful -she was even- in that dismal, dejected house-when he last saw her-to have come to this-a life of-staring, ugly poverty, and no one-not even her daughter-to pass in and out of the miserable home, with gleams of hope, ór<even those little strange touches of joy from mutual momentary flights into other days. New faces were very slowly making an impression on Dr. Welgrove ; and no wonder .he often felt very sad when he thought of Mrs. Lacey and her daughter. A month after his disappointment he wrote a letter to Katie, addressed to her step-father's last known residence-the dentist's house. It was returned. Later he sent another to Katie's friends at the seaside town. That was not returned ; but he never received an answer. And then Dr. Welgrove, with his patient, peculiar fortitude (for he had still some strange longings-somewhat mixed, and certainly not those of an ardent lover), busied himself more and more in his profess- ion ; and looked forward, with many a smile at his own credulity, to the end of those three years, and the possible fulfilment of Katie Weatherwell's promise. CHAPTER V. AXOTUEB year and more had gone. It was a bright morning in March-a soft, sweet spring morning ; and the flower vendors in the city of TJlmchester, with their innumer- able baskets of daffodils, violets, and prim- roses, seem to have been hoarding up these treasures through the biting weather of the previous week to make one magnificent dis- play. Dr. Welgrove, with a brother physician on his arm, was crossing the road to get in his carriage, after a consultation, when a sudden and peculiar start on his part made his companion look at him with astonish- ment. " Whose carriage is that ? That one-the pair of greys-step this way, Drugby !" Dr. Drugby stepped back as requested ; and the two scrutinised the carriage and its occupants unnoticed. One of those occupants was undoubtedly Mrs. Lacey's daughter. She could only be nineteen and a half ; but she looked like a woman of twenty-five. Dr. Welgrove had seen her face plainly, and he thought she had seen him. Now, however, she was lean- ing over the * carriage door towards the opposite causeway, and taking in a perfect armful of flowers from a ragged little girl on the footpath; while the coachman kept the restive greys as quiet as he could, his companion in buttons standing as stiff as a bean-stalk by the carriage door, pending the transaction. The only other interested individual was a little girl, ten years old perhaps, who sat at Katie's side, and looked with dreamy satisfaction at the flowers, then at the purchaser, then at the little ragged girl who sold them, then at the people pass- ing by, without betraying a gleam of anim- ated interest for any or all of them. When the flowers were stacked on the opposite seat, Kate gave the girl a coin, with which -she seemed immensely gratified, and a second later, when, the equipage was whirling off, she turned round and nodded-it seemed very kindly-and the child's eyes sparkled with re-kindled pleasure. .. - # " "Whose carriage is it?" said Dr. Drugby, turning away from a shop window with^àn affection of indifference, very creditable seeing he was suppressing much curiosity at his old friend's start. " Why, its old Fother gill's-the old fool. He's between sixty and seventy, and has just married a girl twenty two. Do you know the lady ?" " I think I've met her," said Dr. Wel grove. "Oh, then you have the advantage of everybody else in Ulmchester. He met her in Paris, of all other places, and fell in love with her eyes. They say she doesn't care a jot for him ; awfully set on ' position,' style, and money, you know. But she's very kind to his little girl-at least they say so. A wrong thing, I think ; very wrong. The old fellow will live twenty years perhaps." "Yes, yes, sad-very sad-then 2.30 to- morrow, Drugby. We Bhall know then ; but I'm sure the left one is touched now, and I expect he'll go !" " I'm afraid so. Good-bye." " Oh, I say, is old Fothergill a kind- hearted sort of man. I never met him my- self.".* "fío idea-fools generally are-2.30. Good-bye." CHAPTER VI. Now who can understand anybody else's heart? I am not saying things to perplex people. I am simply recording a fact, when I say that one sight of Kate's face, now a woman indeed, sent Dr. Welgrove home one of the saddest-perhaps, excluding only the very cases where it was his special province to re- move sadness or lessen it-the saddest man in all that teeming city of 500,000 souls. Some people, perhaps most people, never can realise a loss until it is irremediable. You may look at your left hand and speculate foi an hour as to how you would feel without it, and what possible sum would induce you tc part with it; and its value does not expand sc very much as you look at it ! But if the bar- rel of your gun were to burst and blow it off 1 Ah ! self-examination is a fine thing, and the parsons do well to recommend it ; but it's £ branch of study into which no one goes verj deep ; and a great possibility suddenly engul fed (like the sun in a thunder-cloud) shows yoi more in one minute of what was in your heart than you could have found out before by pro bing there half a life-time. That evening Dr. "Welgrove sat moodilj over his solitary hearth hour after hour. Al regular and repeated intervals he mutterec aloud/ "Poor Katie," meaning, one migh have been led to suppose from the undertont of despair, rather than pity, accompanying the words, "Poor Ernest Welgrove." Hil thoughts evidently were coursing in one well worn circular groove-ever coming round t( the same sad climax, and starting again, as hi jerked the ash from his cigar or lighted ¡ fresh one. Only when he threw the fragmen of the last one in the fire (I will not mentioi the number, for he was a medical man, am preached moderation) he roused himself, as i at last he had broken bounds, and said, wit] a new and softer look in his face, "Poor Mn Lacey." About a fortnight after this, when Dr Wei grove returned home from a long and fatigu ing round of visits between one and tw o'clock, he found a note awaiting him on hi surgery table with "immediate" underlinei several times in the corner. That was some what-but not very-remarkable. Th doctor leisurely opened it, and was eve: rather more surprised at the contents. "Will Dr. Welgrove himself see Mn Schmidt, 231, Pelham-street, immediately any delay might cause him the greatest regret The doctor was a practical man, but he wa always kindly, and on this occasion he wa also curious, so making a very hasty lund he took a hansom (to save his own horse and soon found himself at 231, Pelham-stree -a dingy, but not unsalubrious locality, tw miles at least from his own house. The first and only thought that occupie his mind, as he alighted, was a sad one, an left little room for curiosity. He was tc late ! The blinds were down, and there WE already even a piece of white drapery ove the door-fan; he was much too late-prol ably the note had been delayed. When, however, Dr. Welgrove put h; hand on the gate, he paused, as with n awakened curiosity. Schmidt, Professor i Languages. "Schmidt, Schmidt," he ri peated, still looking at the door-plate, "an professor of languages-of course it's tl man ! Well, poor wretch ! he may have ha as soft a heart as the best of us for his wif and now he's a widower !" The man Schmidt, whose identity has thi suddenly forced itself on Dr. Welgrove's r< collection (and he was not mistaken), ha had his name figuring in every TTlmchestf paper, and hundreds of others, three monti ago, as one of the most accomplished rogu< of the day. It was in connection with a agency somewhat extensive to secure yourj men situations abroad. Some pitiful-alma heartrending circumstances had come to ligl of young men-many delicate, some even i a consumption, being shipped off into distal parts of the world, into offices of variot kinds, which had lapsed in a week or two) < never been actually obtained), leaving tnei friendless, penniless, and even unacquainte with the very language of the place. Enormous premiums had been netted I the swindlers, three of whom were sentence to penal servitude; but this Mr. Schmidt hs escaped the meshes of the law, professir only to have been an interpreter of lette brought to him, and quite innocent of tl frand. Certain it was they could not convi him, though not a person in Court doubtf he was the promoter and ringleader of the se The judge himself said, "You have bee acquitted, Mr. Schmidt, of a legal crime, bi I must say that the only ingenuity you ha1 shown (and you have shown much) which h: not been exerted in the rain of others, h been to save yourself from a penalty whi< the law compels me to pass on men moral no more guilty than yourself. *ïou"have n obtained money under false pretences. Ye have broken hearts-perhapssacrifieediiumi life-without any pretence'at all!" . Snch was the man at whose gate Dr. W< grove paused a moment before knocking the door, through which the grim shadow Death so recently had entered. If too late to be of use as a doctor, Erne Welgrove still considered it bis humane du to complete his compliance with the urgent summons that had brought him, andknocked very modestly, for so great a'man: in that humble locality, at the door. After a moment's waiting he heard a light step in the passage. The door opened softly -a white, quiety. passionless face : appeared j before him ; and Dr. Welgrove started back from the greatest shock he had ever yet re ceived. It was Mrs. Laeey, still. beautiful more beautiful than he had ever seen her-as she stood there for the first moment-half a moment-yin a hopeless, griefless, almost pulse less, attitude-like a marble statue. ^.Only one, moment, and then, as into an image of ice dissolving in one fierce ray-one ray of recognition-the soul of a woman rushed back as from the tomb :-"Oh, Mr. Welgrove¿ how did you get to know? Can you help mel Will you help me? Katie cannot stay with me! I'm all alone!" Let us draw the curtain. Nay it is drawn. Death has drawn it solemnly over a sinful life; and left a solitary woman, without sor- row, but with a numb agony at her heart, to sit alone for hours together in a silent, shadow-wrapt house, with thoughts that troop like ghosts from a gloomy past, and only on the other side of the door sweeps a hurrying throng with ribald shouts and shocking mirth; and importunate besiegers are on their way already to scratch among the meagre spoils; and the upraised finger of obloquy is pointing at it all! Come away ! Dr. Welgrove is there, who- ever sent him. He will do everything that a brother or a son could do, and that is much ! CHAPTER VII A WEEK after the funeral-the funeral of Mr. Adolphus Lacey, late of Screwthorpe at which Dr. Welgrove was the one solitary so-called mourner, Mrs. Lacey (Mrs. Schmidt was supposed to have left the town) was set- tled in comfortable rooms very near Dr. Wel grove's hoiise. The greatest exertion now forced upon her was to ring the bell. During that awful period which elapsed a week ago Dr. Welgrove had seen everybody, done everything, and paid everything, which the sad circumstances of the somewhat sudden death of an insolvent man, whose house was watched by the police, required. All this Mrs. Lacey had allowed him to do; but now she was temporarily re- settled, in humble but comfortable rooms, she gave her benefactor simple and conclusive proof-by just open- ing her purse-that she would be able to carry on for a good many weeks at least. "Katie gives it to me," she said. "If it had not been for Katie we should have been in the work-house." Now, it may seem rather odd, but Katie's name had hardly been mentioned between them. Mrs. Lacey had immediately recog- nised her daughter's writing in the note that summoned Dr. Welgrove's attendance. She herself did not even know Dr. Welgrove lived in TJlmchester. When she saw the note she was troubled with a thousand other thoughts, and only said "She ought to have told me. She ought to have told me before; but she's very proud." This afternoon, however, when Mrs. Lacey was once again giving her old admirer a cup of tea in her own room, and with much yes, very much of her old grace-(what an old plagiarist is Time!) the conversation seemed very naturally to be drifting towards Katie. "Then how long have you known, Dr. Welgrove, that she was living in-TJlmches- ter?" "About a fortnight." "A fortnight; and haven't you actually spoken to her yet?" Dr, Welgrove silently shook his head with a sad and rather stern expression. She's a very strange giri, and very proud. She's known all about you for weeks and weeks it seems. She told me so yesterday ; and all this time she has been trying her utmost to get us out of the town. But we couldn't move. The police were watching us every minute, and- poor Katie has never given way! She has saved and given us every penny she could-every penny. I was almost ashamed to take it. And I've seen her at all kinds of times, in all kinds of places. And she was always so sweet and brave; and made me keep up. Only once she wanted me to leave Mr. Lacey and go away with her. Poor Katie, I don't know how she's dressed herself decently! And if Mr. Pothergill had once got to know the connection he'd have packed her off out of his house; and we should have been in the work-house." . >. "He'd have what? Is her husband a per- fect brute?" "Her husband!" cried Mrs. Lacey, rising up, as her companion unconsciously rose also, meeting her under the chandelier as they mechanically drew close to each other for explanations. "Poor Katie!" said her mother a minute later, "She may well have thought your con- duct strange this last week. She may well have wondered why you didn't try more to see her, and ask me more about her. Yes, she's the governess to Mr. Pothergill's little girl, and something- of a companion to his young wife- who was with her at the same school in Paris. She has a hundred a year and more; but she can't call her life her own!" "And pray, Dr. Welgrove," added Mrs. Lacey, with the first playful sparkle that those winning eyes had shown for a long, long time, "to what, then, am I indebted for all this magnanimity? Was it all for me-for my very self. Then I shall take Miss Katie down! I thought it was all owing to that strange appointment you made at the end of a certain three years!" "I didn't make it, dear Mrs. Lacey. Katie made it; but I thought she was a child!" "Well," said Mrs Lacey, not releasing the hand, which her companion held very lov- ingly, but not at all like a lover, "I can't remember when Katie was a child." CHAPTER VIII. " On that veritable first week in August, three years after the appointment was made, Dr. Welgrove found himself very happily quartered in that little seaside town-where he first saw Katie Weatherwell as something more than a child, and something more also, more in beautiful simplicity, than a woman. His wife was there also, and so was his mother-in-law Mrs. Lacey. The marriage'had come off in April a month »after the strange re-union, but the honeymoon had not been a long one; and (though the doctor was growing*busier than ever)Katie said that unless they were to- gether in that little seaside town in that very week, the great dream of her life would not have been quite fulfilled. ^ She got her own way easily-she usually 'did-and her way for the most part was a very quiet and beautiful way-yet one of those ways proverbially associated with "a will.", m. ; Mrs. Lacey never married again ! Some of the doctor's" friends said ¿he hadn't fair play; "she was the only treasure of that kind they had ever known, which A son-in law wouldn't part with !" [THE END.] 