A Tragic Mystery. I Teom the Diaey of Inspector Btehes, op I New Yoek. ? CHAPTER I.— Continued. H ' And you think — ' H 'I think that bullet must show us the H vay to the pistol.' H The Shambling *&£an opened his mouth to H reply : but at this jnnctare a knock on the H door interrupted him. An officer came in H ivith a telegram which he laid on the table. H The inspector broke open the envelope, H unfolded the telegram, and read. As he did Eo, be raised ms eyebrows sugbtiy, ana emitted a soft whistle 1 Quick work !' he said : * they think they have got them already.' He handed the telegram to the Shambling Han who graeped it eagerly. It read as follows : 1 John H. Brady, age 23, birthplace, United States ; James Doyle, age 30, birth place, United States, and Michael Coogan, age 23, birthplace, United States, have been arrested suspected of Hanier murder. John H Brady has been identified.' ' And you were right after all i' said the Shambling Man, with a sigh. ' It looks like ity certainly ' returned the inspector, smiling ; * and in that case, what promised to be a very awkward business, will have been very easily and satisfactorily settled. Still, we mustn't be too confident. each prompt success is unusual : And it may ! turn out that there has been some mistake.' The Shambling Man was about to exclaim «I hope so !' But he checked himself in I time. ' I suppose I may as well tate a look I ground ?' he said ; and as the inspector nodded assent, he took his hat and shambled out. .. CHAPTEE II.— -Will-o^-the-Wisps. John H. Brady and two others had been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the fclaDier murder, and Brady bad been identified by one of the French boarders as a member of the gang that attempted tp rob the till at nine o'clock the evening before. This was the situation at noon, on the thir tieth of December, and the morning papers of the next day contained full accounts of the arrest, and a word of editorial commen I dation of the promptness of the police. I Meanwhile Brady, immediately, and with much warmth and earnestness protested that he had never in his life committed a murder, and least of all on the particular occasion referred to. And in proof of it he affirmed that he had been half a mile away at the time. As it happened, there was a Grand Pedestrian Gro-as-you-please Contest in pro grcso at the MadiEon Square Garden at this epoch ; and Brady would have it that he went there early in the evening and remained all night. In technical language he claimed an alibi. I But nobody believed him. He was a tall I and muscular young fellow, with a boy'^ I face on his big shoulders, but he looked I hugi'drd and anxious, and he was known to I be given to midnight prowlings, and to I making the rounds with the ' boys.' More I over, the Frenchman identified him, and to I ma ,e matters worse, his mother, upon hear I ing of his arrest, came to the station-house, I full of tears and entreaties, and declared I that her boy was incapable of harming a I fly, and that not oniy was he not a I mnrderer, but he had been at home and in I bed by ten o'clock on the evening of Decem I ber29th, and had slept the sleep oE youth I and innocence till morning. I Evidently these two alibis could not both I le true, and this rendered it the more likely I that neither of them was so It was evident, I at all events, that her story must be a fabri I cation, for it John Brady had really been I at home and in bed he certainly would not I nave been at the pains to invent the Madison I Square Garden tale. I No. Brady was in all probability one of I the gans, and, if not himself the murderer, I ne could teil who was, and a dispatch to I that effect was sent to the coroner's office, I where preparations were making for holding I the autop3y and inquest on Hanier's body. I Upon the heels of this dispatch came an I unexpected incident : Mrs. Brady, the ? mother, presented herself at the office, and 1 2fer again declaring her conviction of her ? hoy's innocence, proceeded to admit that I her statement as to his having slept at home I ivas untrue. She had lied on the spur of I the moment, but now conscience aB«erted I itself and she desired to recant. She con I lessed that ehe did not know where he spent I the night, and that her conviction of his I innocence rested 'only upon her knowledge I of his character and disposition. I The coroner was a humane gentleman, I and thi8 confession placed him in a painful I position. Not only had Mrs. Brady made I Der son's case look several degrees darker I than it already was. but she had convicted I herself of perjury and it would be necessary ? to detain her. When this was explained to Boer, the unfortunate creature broke down ? completely, and it was learned uponinvesti ? gatiou that she had a daughter dangerously ? 'I at home. Manifestly, if the mother were ? w gaol for perjury, and the son for murder, ? the prospects of the moribund daughter, ? rao vras the only remaining member of the ? family, would be decidedly gloomy- Upon ? wnsiieration, therefore, the coroner directed ? jnat the woman should be allowed to go ? borne {gf course under surveillance) until ?the jury had delivered their verdict H In the meantime, the autopsy was con ? ^ded with the result of showing that the ? toHet passed entirely through the body and ? '0(lged in the right arm, from which it had ? been extracted. It was examined, and its ? ^ght taken. It had been made tp fit a ? *2 calibre revolver. The Shambling Man, ? yho had been present during the proceed ? lnH8, looked at the little lamp of lead with ? cttrioiiB interest. What a tale it might tell ? « it could but speak ! Would it carry ? death to Brady as well as the body lying ?jonder ? ? The coroner's jary met in due course ? fc?n the witnesses on both sides were care ? tally examined. The police described the ? orcnniBtances of the arrest^ uad the ITrench ?taea testified that, to the best of their ? snowledee and belief, Brady was one of those men who had attempted to rob Hanier's till on the evening before the murder. Then the evidence for the defence was called. Half an hour later the Shambling Man was on his way to headquarters with a brisk step and a joeund air. The verdict had been rendered. Six persons of unquestioned integrity had supported Brady's alibi, and his innocence was established beyond, the shadow of a doubt. The Hanier murder was $, more impenetrable mystery than ever ! tor the disproof of the Frenchman's identi fication not merely freed Brady, but would hopelessly discredit any further testimony that they mi»ht attempt to offer* The effect of the relics of crimes in the Central Detective Office was at all times gloomy enough, but never more so than at night, when the warmer tints of the room were veiled in shadows, and the silence was deep and oppressive. The sinister faces that looked down from the walls seemed on the point of whispering evil suggestions ; the muzzles of the firearms met the eye with a deadly oyclopean stare ; the slun^-shots and bludgeons had a murderous aspect ; the gaslight shining upon tha blades of the knives and daggers revealed the spot* of rust left there by human blood ; whenever the glance falls it encounters the hint of a dreadful suggestion, or of a yet more dread ful secret. If any room, in the great city be haunted, it should surely be this ; here, more than anywhere else, should congregate the ghosts of wickedness and disaster. Up and down in this chamber of spectres, on the first nigbt of the Ifew Tear, paced a solitary man whose brain was busy with all its resources of ingenuity and experience, in the attempt to penetrate the latest of the city's mysteries It was a mystery darker than the sight and deeper than the victim's grave — a. grizly legacy from the departed year. Upon the table lay the notes of the Twenty-sixth Street murder, as made by the inspector's agent, and beside them a number of newspaper clippings relating to the crime. Something ejse was there also — the battered bullet which had taken Louis Hanier's life. These were all, and truly they amounted to very little. And yet they had thrown no light whatever upon the problem which the chief of the detectives was laboring to solve. Chance and conjec tui-e could not be trusted ; reliance must be placed upon logical reasoning, upon a care ful analysis of the method* and probable motives of the crime, upon a heedful com parison of this crime with others analogous to it, and upon, trained familiarity with evil doers and their ways. Such were the in struments that must be employed, and they were not such as to inspire sanguine hopes of success. At the beat, the investigation bade fair to be a long and intricate one. The bullet was the only leal approach to a clue that had yet come to hand ; could it show him the way out of the labyrinth ? With no overweening confidence, but patiently and persistently, he set his mind to the work of developing this atom of evi dence into something cogent and sub stantial. What was the class of persons most likely to have committed this deed ? Professional criminals ? The inspector shook b.13 head. No professional tools had been employed ; there were no evidences of caution or of trained aptitude, Nor would any burglar worthy of the name have risked a long term of imprisonment, not to mention his neck, for the sake of a till a thousand times richer than that of Hanier's poor little wine shop. A common sneak-thief on the other hand might have robbed the till ; but the common sneak-thief is almost nevor a murderer : he shuns bold crimes, and is profoundly care ful of his carcass. Nevertheless, drink may render even a dastara temporarily reckless, and he will do a deed which his sober self would shudder at the thought of. And then what ? He has murdered a man, and he has carried off the weapon with which be did the murder. What will he do with that weapon P The answer to this question would depend (as the inspector versed in the intricacies of human nature, perceived) upon the social status and character of the murderer. The cases are rare indeed where even the most hardened wretch will retain in his possession the instrument with which his deed was done. It is too dangerous a piece of evi dence, in the first place; and again, the associations attaching to it are too hideous to be voluntarily endured. It was safe io assume, then, that the weapon would in any event be disposed of But how ? It might be supposed, by such as haje no practical experience in such matters, that the goilty man would invariably throw the evidence of his gnilt into the river, or destroy all traces of it in some manner not less effective. But, in fact, this course iB adopted onlyby what (for lack of a better term) must be called the better class of murderers. On the other band, there is a low and and sordid type of ruffians who are withheld from it by the consideration that they would thereby sacrifice the few paltry dollars which might be obtained for the weapon at a pawn shop Such creatures are so far from being uncommon, that, in three cases out of five, it 'will be safe to re sort to the pawnbroker's for proof of their crime. Now, according to the hypothesis of Inspector Byrnes, the murderer of Louis Hanier was a person of this type. _ The chances were that he had pawned Hb re volver within twenty .four hours of commit ting the murder with it ; and it was in a pawnbrokers office that it must be sought. * Bat in a city like New York, the number of pawnbrokers must be reckoned rather by the thousand than by the hundred ; and pledgei are often accepted without either same, date, or description. A score of re volvers might be pledged in a single day ; and what chance wao there, in the face of such difficulties, of tracing the weapon, with -which this bullet was fired, to its proper owner ? The inspector, bowever, wot not the sort of man to admifchimaelf defeated before the trial had proved him to be so. If the weapon had been pawned At all, it would probably be within a day or two of the crime ; and if the murderer was an inhabi tant of the neighborhood where his victim had lived, the pawn shops which were most likely to reward a search would be those that were nearest at hand- These con siderations narrowed the field of profitable inquiry to practical limits. Certain impor tant assumptions must, no donbt, first be taken for granted ; but a beginning at least would have been made ; and the principal was correct. In answer to the inspector's summons, the sergeant on duty appeared. ' Send me the men engaged on pawn brokers' offices ' ' Tes, inspector.' A few moments later two detectives came in, Meanwhile, the inspector had been writing something on a sheet of paper. He now looked up at the men and said, ? I have some work for you *? It was neither necessary nor desirable that they should be made acquainted with the final object of their mission. In order to its successful accomplishment the pawn brokers themselves must be kept in ignor ance of this ; and in no other way could such ignorance on the pawnbrokers' part be assured than by allowing the detectives to share it with them. Should the inspector let it be known that a murderer's pistol was being sought, and this fact came to the knowledge of a pawnbroker;, the latter might prefer to screen, his customer rather than to assist the police -. for although many of the knights of the three balls are respectable men, others of them are little if at all better than the thieves and vagabonds from whom they derive the bulk of their profits. Accordingly, the inspector based his In structions to the detectives upon the fiction of a robbery. ' I have made a list, here, of some stolen articles,' . he said. ' Among them is an enamelled watch and a 32-calibre revolver. These last have probably been pawned. I waut you to go to the pawnbrokers' offices and examiue the list of pledges received between the dates of December 28th and to-day Make a note of every enamelled watch and every pistol recorded en those days. Omit nothing, and as soon as you have completed your work report to me.' The two detectives took the sheet of paper and withdrew. ' Now then,' muttered the inspector to himself as he put away in a private drawer the bullet taken from Hanier's body, ' let me find the revolver which that ball fits and it will go hard if I don't lay my hand on the man who fired it, as well.' It was now late and the chief detective, whose mind had been on the stretch almost ever since the murder, prepared to go home and get rest But it was decreed that hiB vigil should not yet come to an end. He had just taken his hat to depart when the doorkeeper announced that the Shambling Man desired an audience - ' Admit him,' said the inspector laconic ally, resuming his chair. The Shambling Man entered . There was a sparkle ot confidence and satisfaction in his eye. 'Anything new ?' the inspector inquired. * Something rather new,1 returned the Shambling Man, modestly. ' Important?' ' It may prove of very considerable im portance 1 think.' * From whom did you gei it ?' ' From a woman — a friend of Mrs. Hanier. She has made a discovery which adds a very significant chapter to the testimony. I have just come from her.' ' That sounds well,' said the inspector, from whom all traces of fatigue had vanished as if by magic ? Sit down and let me hear it' The Shambling Man sat down and cleared his throat. (lO BE CONTINUED.) 