:? .. . . y ??/a VJEJfDlSTTA. 'A coULrbicak afternoon, late in October, with cldlms that hang low in the sky, and a sort of damp mist hovering over'the fiat hog through which' our road stretches intermin ably before us. Not a cheering prospect by any- manner of means; and, as we have already driven five monotonous mites, and have four more to .travel, over, perhaps, the Worst bit of road in County Mayo, in that fiendish invention of human ingenuity,' nn outside car, I might surely lie excused if my spirits . were not at their highest pitch, especially as. I finished my last cigar two 'miles back, and nm beginning to cast en vious eyes at Larry's stumpy black pipe. Nevertheless, I'nevcr was in better spirits in my life, and am oblivious alike to mist, bog, .dreariness, and discomfort. I hare done nothing but whistle wnltzcs and reels since the last cigar1 departed this life — nay, hswe I. ? not laughed at everyfone of Larry's frequent jokes till, by my rash encouragement, he has become elated, and threatens, to grow into a bore. On the whole, it would take a good deal to depress me to-day. And no wonder, for my regiment has only been home a week from the ' gorgeous EastJ' I have just got my company, and to-motrow I am to be married to the sweetest girl in tho world. Blest her sweet face ! - I smile as it rises np before me, with its glittering mist of golden bair. I wonder if this year has changed her much ; but what change could there bo' iu her winsome fnce and pretty ivayB 1 Let me see, Was it not somewhere about here we parted ? \'es, thcre-is the old cabin yvith its crumbling root where we stopped when I would let her go no . further ; land then Larry anil the car overtook lis, nnd I drove away, leaving her standing there with tier violet eyes shining through tears, nnd her mouth quivering with the ellort to sinlle. It was not a (lay like this, though, I remember, but. bright nnd clear, with a sharp, cold' wind. Oh, how could I havo gone nnd left her liko that. ! Jfow I wanted to carry her oil then nod there, nnd never let her go again 1 But nevermind ; the weary yenr is over at Inst, nnd after to-morrow nu one shall ever part us. ? Here wo overtook nn ancient female in a cap and striped shawl, who turns iip to us a' fnce like a very old walnu^ and I recogulsa Sydney's old nurse, ? ?' Why, Biddy, Is it you 1' while delighted exclamations of, ' Sure, and it's the cuptaln himself, nnd joy bo ivld blind' proceeded from Biddy. ' I nm not in the gazette yet, but they are always good enough to glvo one brevet rank at Kijhlgglii, alter tho Haltering custom of the Irish pensnnt. ' Why, Biddy, this Is a long way for you to.hu from home at this limn of day 1 Jump up, and we'll glvo yousi lift.' And so, with a shower of benedictions, the mildest of which might to tr.akq mo.n happy man for lifu, Biddy Is hauled Into the ear, and the gray mare once more resumes her usual jog-trot, ' And how are all at tho lmusu? How's Miss Sydney f' I ask, when the big basket lias been safuly stuweil away and Biddy's thanks and npulngles were over. ' Air, then; captain, dnrllii',. they're all as well as 'well: but Miss Sydney, bless tlie swale-dear I she'll be the better for seeing you,' ? ? . » Seeing me t. what do you mean?' I in quired, hastily, ratliur slnrtled, ' She hasn't been III?' i ' Nlver a bit of It— the saints forbid t But its wenryln' shu'll bo for a sight of your handsome face j' nnd site beams upop inu !n a wiry wldoh Is friendly to a degree, while Larry grins sympathetically. ' But it's shocking bu t weather, Biddy, ,J my, by way, of (.'bringing the ounvursatlon, wlileh grows personal, ' I hope It won't bo tills sort of t!ilng to-morrow, I nm suioi' nnd, J half unqonneloinly tnlicli tliopncket when,: lit It* silken, i(u j: velvqt' case,. .restR the .won, '(fiildrm*fotU'tfw)ilBlh''Tbimptfojy1Jmi9rqlBg{', jJM -?:: ;f«r4%Aji ' Ocbf tlim, don't; be nHlier thinkm' sacb a tiling !' Bajs Biddy, indignant, j ' Isn't it a Sunday cbild Miss Sydney is, [and hasn't she bad the luck all bor life, and is it r&ioin1; it would be pn lier marriage-day I Shure, and the saints would be mighty ill-natured if tbey didn't kape off the rain, g-j-od luck to tbim, but I don't beliere their hearts is that black. No, sure, it won't rain,! don't you think it— and what for should it ? Isn't It a happy, blisjjid bride the swate dear's a-goin'. to be, And ain't we all as pleosea as pleased ?. Barrin* you're a goin' to take .the blessed cbild to that. betthcr country away oyer the say.' .'iL--' ' Only to England, Biddy,' I say, humbly. V And isn't that bad enough, I'd loike to know ? Sure; and ye wouldn't be [waiting to be taking her among thim haytben. blacks?' M Oh, -dear,' no, of course not,?! I' answer, hastily, ' but, England isn't far off; you know,' and we sbaU|alwayS' be coming back. By the way, Biddy, how's Miss Sydney's great untie at Ballyraging' . j ? ' The heavens be his bed, he's betther I' is Biddy's pious answer, j j : 'I'm precious glad of it! . I thought he might bo going to die and then, you know, the- wcddingjwould have to be put off.' 'No, thin, {be* wasn't going. to die ; no fear of it. I'wasj mighty bothered? for he's my own' foster-brother --indhdc,^ ^ and it's the truth I'm lellin' you ; but I knew he'd pall through widjbis sickffess, and I never asked^ racself aftber nt all, at all, for I got word from mc brother's daughter's soir-in- lnw's uncle, as is my master's oWn -boy at Bally-, ragin, and the banshc&'s never been beard at all, At all.' j ' ; ' The bansbce 1' say I, with surprise, and feeling inclined to laugh, for b banshee seems a slender reed to trust to,; u but II don't see how that proved it.' *? * ''Sure, and how could a Glynne die wid o'ut the banshee a-givin warnin'?' askB Biddy, solemnly. ' D'ye think they're just loike any common family, that can die, and no notice be Itaken?' ? ! ? ? ' Sure,' says Biddy, looking atimo in sur prise, 'ycr not man'n to makejfun of it ? ? Oh, capt'ih dear, don't be doin'jthat; but maybe the great people in Englanfl.niver has the banshee, and so yc don't kno\y.' . Biddy says'tbis in a pitying tone of voice. ' No, I am happy to say they don't abound in England, though I don't doubt tbey are very uice. But do they always : tell* when people are going to die ? That mast be very convenient.' | . ? A . thought! crosses my mind \ that the afflicted relatives can order theiri mourning beforehand and grieve in advance, like the Queen , in ' Through . the Looking-Glass.' Biddy still regards me with suspicion. ' Iji isome families the banshee's 'heard to keen wbincver' a misfortune's, coming', but the Glynnes is only heard whin it's a death,' she says simply. . j ? ' And al.wAys then?' j ? ' Always, capt'in dear ; and it'sievffryboily as'll tellye the same. And anotper* thing; most banshcesj anybody us is Oitfsh qan hear tbim ; but the Glynne's banshee, it's no one can hear it as-hasu't th'c blood in their vein3 ; I've heerd it agin and agin, for it'^ th^ blood as is in me veins from the ould stock*; but I haven't heard 'it now for many and many's the day. None of thim has died jfor fifteen years nor morg, praise be to the saints!. The last \yas Miss Sydney's grandfather. Och ! .and-* didn't it! make .mc flesh creep to hear it 1' '? ! - ?'], ' I hope it don't extend to - the! husbands the Ulynncs marry,' i say, trying to be decorously grave. ' ; j * ' Why, Larry hisScl's hcerd it,''| continues Biddy. Doq't yc mind, Larry J whin the. ould lord at (he castle was took sick, an 1 we becrd the White Lady out in 'the -park all night ??** . ' j ' Ay,' says Larry with satisfaction. 'And don't I mind— '? , . ; j Bathcrc we are in sight of the]. low, grey stone House of Kilbiggin,' and- iherc— yc?, there is' Sydney On the stcp3. J With one bound I nra off the car and at the door, and ^hc and I are together .again once more. The first rapturous meeting over, wejnre alone, in the drawing- room, with its carved ceiling nnd deep mullionod windows ; the tables and chairs are covered with a litter of cotton wool and silver paper; and yards of string, form pitfalls for the unwary ; for Sydney is displaying, to my gnze ihc wonders o! her wedding* present's: She'lias just come in from a walk, 'and in her glossy sealskin jacket! and golien-browr hut with its long* feather drooping amid the bright waves of. her hair, she makes the bonniest picture artist ever tried in vain to paint. . M y} eyes follow her as *shc flits from one thing to nnother, while the wild rose color in her cheeks deepens and changes with every movement. Why docs affection always look Imbecile? I catch a glimpse of myself in the, carved* mirror opposite, ! and . am quite startled at' my own idiotic expression. .'Look, Harry dear; what a lovely after noort ten-table from dear Mrs. O'Dcmd — will it not be phstty.in our little housq ? I am so glad you like tea. Oh, by!tbo wny, what nbout lodgings y could you. get aijy 'at Win chester?' , - j 'Ob, yes, to be sure, I meant lp tell you; very nice ones, near St. Cross; Ttyo colonel's wife got them for mc ; sho has bc^n awfully gooil about it, and she nnd I have scoured the town in search of rooms ever since wo arrived. 1 thought that woubl bo the best plan ; to go info lodgings until we could look about us at .leisure for a pretty Uttle house.' ! ' Yes, indeed,' What fnn it will jbc ! Fancy the furnishing? I am so glad wo art; not going to bo likesmnc army people, always living in other people's furniture. I shnuhj Kate that, should not you ? ;Wfint a .dear little house we. shall have ; aH low, comfortable choirs and rersinn rugs. I rim, afraid it will not look quite respectable, itlwill- bo so very, pfotty.' 3b ? .1 ' Why, nre prettincss and respectability in CQinjiatibli?' I ask,* laughing. [ . , ' Very orFcn. Don't* you always notice that tho»moro.corrcnt and proper pcopla are, tho uglier and] stiller the tilings thuy have nbout tliciu ? But we have such ahft uf pretty now work. I am so glad moat of my.pres tnU havo hocu things for my hfiuae ; even Biddy's grandahildrcn made me tilat kettle holder, ' Was it not nice of them f' ' But this is not for the house ?'| I say tak ing up a Uuisia leather travellin^-bag, with gorgeous fittings, ' ^ 'No; that Is from Sir John land -Lady Murphuy. oVasn't It good of tUcni? And Oh J Harry, I lmd almost forgotten lo thunk you for tliat lovely drowsing casn; ( nuvursaw anything so perfect; and tlur'ijear little mongram on everything ! .And tthis pearl nccklnce is froni the castle.; mulithaUi nut for'liie bouse,* either, of coursn,| Hut then there is grqndniamino!* grand silver tea-not ; and— oh, yos f .tiuMj came from Lrunlon yesterday, from auntie,' And b|jo displays two Hiunll Jiumunoil spice cases uf cheap appearance and hideous in design. i 'From Luly; Susan HtAiiley |'! 1 inquire. ' By Jove, how ugly 1 But alio Is ah awful old screw, is slio not V 'Well, yes, rathor- I'm afraid, llwdly, Ilarry, you know, thuy nro not viiry pretty » we can't put thorn iu the draiving*rooiii, can wo I But still, it was very kind uf Iwr (u soud tlioni.' . ' Well, thnn, let mo see j this can't ho fur the house, eilher |' and 1 take-up a curious Bortijf lltthnliik, ill n sheath *of;b!ack nnd gold, of harbnrlc natturn nnd nmkol 'iiiilcis It n liro/ul ktilfti In dUgulsn, \Vh;y, Hydufv, child I'1 exnlalm In surprise, ns I nurrowly eKApu.cutting.wy fingers wU|i: tho keftn tiimrp'bl'(ldo, 'iWhAt it raurdnroui wunpanl. foUool Iriondi^ont you' Uhli; jpoveWb/^opllcgtlorw ^r linndlt talcs, in the days for ladies to go a'bout armcl to the teeth ? I shall have to be on ray best be havior, I see, tf I do not wish to have a taste of cold steel.'] ? | ? As I look (np somewhat surprised at re ceiving no response to my laughing remarks, I see Sydney '3 clear eyes . doaded over and a troubled look on her face. ? ' Ah, Harry], don't !' she whispers, coming close to me and laying her hand on mine. ' Put that 'hcjrrid thing down ; I bate the very sight of it, there is such a disagreeable tale in connection with it. Let me tell it to yon now, and ^etit over. Do you remember my. telling yod, just before yon left here last year, that there was a young fellow coming to the rectory' to read* with Mr. Hawley ? Aud I wjw 5.o pleased on accountof thcllaw Icys, they[nrc so poor, and I knew it would be abelp td lliem. \Yell, just after yod had gone he arrived— a dark, morose creature, with black eyes and a horrid, cynical smile. T never took to him in the least, and after ward I grew to dread him, he was so cruel, Harry. Ones (he killed. a dog- because it would not follow him. How could I like him after that!? But he was always following me about nndj bothering ; and one day he met me out walking and would join me, 'though t triedlto show him I did not want him. And alljat once, before I knew what was coming orjcould stop him, he was talking in the most passionate manner, Felling me 1 was the only thing he lived for? aud that I should carc for him. I was sorry for him at first, but I got quite angry at last, wljen he .would not stop in spite of all my remon strances, and so I toid him' that I must beg him' to . be [quiet, since ho gentleman -would speak in that manner to an engaged girl- - I ? : \- ' 1 Engaged P he said — just that one word; and then stood quite still before me. '?Yes,'I told! him, mostjccrtainly l wos en gaged, anffsupposcd that he was aware of it —everybody knew it. He turned upon mc a face which appalled mc, nnd -said, in tones which froze my very blood, — v'And do you think you shall marry any one but mc ? IVou bad better not dream of it. Iftbatday evcrcomesitw.ill .be better for him'tha't.he bad never been born ! Take care while there is time ! This time next year I shall come again to ask you, and then, if you refuse me — ' j j ' Ob, how be; frightened me I He looked like a demon. [ I turned and ran from him, and, to my joy; lie did not follow me. How I got home I scarcely knowj but the next day I heard he. had) left the rectory suddenly and gone to travel abroad. ' ' I never wrote to you about it, Harry, be cause .it was ndt the sort of thing one could tell properly in a letter, and I waited till I should secyouj I have nevcr.heard. another word of Fergus Fitzgerald since then, until the other day yhen this arrived. Whether he sent tlus as a warning, or what.' I do not know, but I lir.ve the -most unaccountable* horror of it, perhaps from the recollection of him, and deer since I have had such raiser able p'rescntiments of. something -frightful.' I have been nervous about you. On, Ilarry, how thankful I was just now to scejyou safe '? Why, Sydney, darlfiig. you're growing as superstitious as old Biddy ! ' I say. laughing and kissing the slight fingers that clasp mine. 'Now, for my part,- 1 think it merely a civil act of Mr. What's-his-namc, to show- you he - regrets bis yiolenYc&nducfc;, and tacitly apolo gises by. sending you such a. wedding gift. Men arc not quite accountable . for what they do or what they say when they are deeply in love, and no doubt he has been sadly, ashamed of himself for SJttue time, and wahts to let you know it.j lie certainly has cpicer taste in gifts, but it is a perfect* thingm its way,' and I take up the little- weapon once niorc, this timej with more cAution, and try on;a piece of paper the .blade, which is as. keen as a razor, of exquisite temper and . finifb, and engraved with curious arabesques. ' After all, it is tbe.neatest thing[of its .kind I ever 'saw ; no manufacturers of this sort ever equal foreign work. What is it, Spanish, Moorish?'. i J 1 ' Cosrican, perhaps. Ifis mother was a Corsicnn, and he was brought up on*the island. IVrltaps tliat accounts for ^mc of his eccen 'triciliCvV' *: j ? *'' Upon my word, it is not a bad thing, after], all.' I say. 'The taste fotvtbe tnrions ds rauid now, and it would look ratlier well on your .'chatelaine, Sydney,' and I hold it against licrsuiol ' * ,[ 'Oh, no. no !j' she cries, shrinkipr'back. '1 would not wear if for worlds.' f Do not, Ilarry. p]ense ![' * | . 'Very well,' |I say, seeing she rgally do^s .tlisliVe the subject, 11 then you shall not. But 'I hop- your reluctance does not extend .to the^o.'' , T produce the! case which has been the bane of my life during the entire journey from town, and lay before her delighted eyes the family diamon^ts.^ ' Oh, Harry Iff ra all she can say, and then stands still 'in hdAiiration. ' Oh, Harry ! But how — why-pwbat ! Are they not the St. Maur diamondii;? ' ,How do rou come to have them?' ? I- f . -?.*?*'' ' Why, my gijahdfathcr scnt.me wonl that they l?ad always, belonged to a Lady- St. Maur. but, as htj is an old widower, lie thought, the heirVwife yi'.m the proper person to wear them. Good of the old boy, wasfft it. I liave not had thetn reset. I thoaght you would like the old styje best. . They were dr.ni for my grandmother when she was presented as a bride,' . j ' . . ? ' Oh, yes ; they arc lovely, so quaint and unique. IIow sweet of yourgrandfathcr,, dear old tiling! Cant we go nnd thank him when wc go home? S .-Maur is not far from Win ciiester, ii ii ? ' . . . 'No, tliat is ; oily. We can often run over to see (he old hoy.' ? ' * a . I flmilc tosce that in the sparkling gems Sydney has forgotten all about tho Corsican dagger. - . ; CIIArTEUil.. ? It is London, and it is November. Wehave ?been married jniit a week, and are beginning to grow accnstomcd to. tho fact, and to ronlisu that wo are not tho very first pcopla in tho world who ever entered into that holy estate. | Sydney has at last .ceased ti- start and , laugh when slio comes into breakfast and ! fifids letters nddrcsscd to '3I«. St. Mnpr' at horplntii ; already tho hofcl waiters havo ceased to grin fbrtlvcly at the sight of us, and ' stray hansom eqhmon no longor look fur an extra tip. Thojlirst obtrmlvely newly mar ried look Is begjnnltig to wcarnff. Ai for mo, I upend my days' In wondering what I overdidlin all my unworthy life to deserve tho blijsdng that lmt come to mo,, and in marvcllipg how I llvo.I through nil tho dark, weary, aimless years before it cmno. ' . rot-haps waalmtl liaro thirty ycapi more of just such happiness ; perhaps forty or fifty, wo uro yot gn young. Londoq it* dujiglitfully amply. I havo not scon half a dnmjn p nolo I know, ni}d thoso I have Hum!«s(ul|y uvoMod. Bui lo-nlght we go to a drum, or something nt Lady. Susan HtftitUy's, . j I'cyqdo inlghF leavo us alonu until our hniteymoon U fairly ovur, lmt Hydnoy's tender Itltfu tuart is (afraid of offending her old annf If \vu do n«-t go, so wc are prepared for n night of poimuuo, and maku up our minds to the wor.il that can befall, My Sydney is In her bridal ilresi -shcimy latin and foreht-liko lace— and I h;vva ulasped on tho diamonds myiolf, thoughlslm laughs nt mu for wanting liur to weal* tliem, and says tbey nro too lino for Lady Husau. I hnvo n fnnry for soring lior just, as iltQ }\m mv hor mnrrlngo morning, , but slm looks jfltQU swootor, for nho Is not so pale, J uouUHook nt hor nil night nnd never il». trail IC.ifiU wl mil. Oral I. bftio (but gratification, for other amusements at I^ady ? Susan's have I none. It is all very stately, very dull, very awfuL ' Respectable and stupid. 'What did I tell you ?' says Sydney, wisely. A little bad music, a great deal of dreary conversation; twice as many people as the rooms will hold, who. come and go in bril liant attire, Sydney need not have been afraid of being too gorgeous. I elbow my way with difficulty to the refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a sea of its. melted, self, and this delicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. Toor little' sweetheart I While I am still afar off I see her sitting desolate and pensive, with a tired and perplexed loolc on her. dear face.- , ? , . -. ' My poor child, you are bored to death, and no wonder 1' I say, as I reach her side. ' Let ns make our escape as soon 'as possible,' She looks at me dreamily and asks in an absent sort of way, — * J , 'Harry, what was that . extraordinary noise ? Did you hear it just now ?' 'Noise?' I say, with mildirony. '.Well, yes, I should think so ; the infernal gabble is enough to deafen one.' . . 'Oh, no, not that; I don't mean 'any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort of cry tbat sounded above everything else, a wild kind of wail — the very' saddest thing I ever heard— it almost made mo cryj and yet so sweet and clear. What could B have been ' £ 'That bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the. poets, who was singing * Roberto' just now: Her voice was certainly high enough and melancholy, enough, but I must say its sweetness never-struck me.' ' Oh, no, Harry, I don't nfcan tbat at all ; it was when no one was singing, and it was not like singing in the least, but- more like [a cry ata wake than anything else. . I wonder 'you did not hear it, and it is odd no one else seemed to notice it, though I heard it so plainly,' and it was so loud and high.' I wish . I knew what it was.' - ? ' Something in the street below, no doubt, unless you fancied it, which wonld be no wonder; this sort of thing is enough to give one the blues. But come, Sydney, -let us cut the whole thing and go to the theatre for an hour; you know Aunt Susan offered us her box, and £ hear there's something, rather good going nn.' ;. v , 'Oh, yes,- 1 should like tbat. It has been rather stupid, has it not?' and she brightens directly..1 i So we retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre,' whcre'pcople arc in convul sions oflaughter over goodness knows what. - For my part I can see neither bead, tail, nor plot to the whole thing; onr pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with success to night,' *- . ? Sydney laughs a little, but does not, seem much interested ; and presently she turns to me, looking pale and unhappy, and says, im ploringly,— .* ' My dear boy, don't be vexed with me ; I. know you will think me a dreadful goose, but 'just therC- 1 had such a fright. ; I am almost sure I saw Mr. Fitzgerald in that corner by the wajl ; he was Iooking:np with those dreadful wild eyes of his, and the moment I looked at him he turned and. went out. He ivas in some kind of a . dark cloak, and; looked so odd ! But I am almost sure I could not mistake those eyes !' ? ' But, ray darling, I thought you said.be wasn't in England,' I remonstrate. ? '? Neither he was ; he was abroad, but it was so like him, and it gave me such a ter rible shock ! Don't think inc a goose, Harry, please.' i5 „ ' I'll tell* you what I do think. Ttliink j*ou arc tired out, and we should be far better off in our own comfortable room 'than in listening' to all. this rubbish ; come along, there's a dear child j' and I put her- fleecy wraps around her and take her away. But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks np into my face. ' 'There, If arry!' she says, earnestly— 'there it is again, that, long, wailing cry. IIow very strange! Surely, you must have heard that?'' ' Why, Sydney, it is mere fancy !' I say, shaking her gently. 'If I .don't mirnl I shall' have: you ill. You're- nervous,* tired, and excited. I shall not be cosy in my mind tiiLyou arc at homo and bare taken something ;' and without more ado I get her down stairs and back to our hotel as quickly as I can. : Once in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. I make her drink a g'a*:s of wine and sit by the lire, and she. is laugh ing merrily at her own foolishness, when there is a tap at the door, and a waiter comes to tell mc that one of my brotheir officers is waiting' to sec mc in the coffee- room on im portant business, and refuses to come up stairs. * . ' * 'Oh, bother Frampton !' I say, with a groan. 'What a time of night to'qome and disturb one ! Come up here, indeed ! [ should, think it a great piece of cheek if he did 1 I don't like leaving you, Sydney 1' ^ ' Ob, don't mind that, dear boy. I am all right now. I'll tell you what, I will put away the 4 family jools' and take down my hair while you nre gone, nnd then come back and* brush it here wbtlo you have a pipe*. May I?' ! ' May you I Of course ^ou may anything ; that is.'if if you don't object to the smell of tobacco Amoug your golden locks.' i ' Oh, no!; and we. can have n nice ebat'ovcr the fire. » Don't be gone ?ong.' ' Not a second longer than i can help.' 44 If I grbw sleepy before you ccvne back' I shall Bo down and wait for you ; but mind you wake me. I want to sit with you while you Btuokc.' 41 All right. Has your maid gone to bed ? ' 44 Yes, I told her she need not sit up.' ' 44 Very well, then ; I'll go down to Framp ton. Mind, U a ghost should make its appear ance you can receive it with the celebrated dagger ; I saw it onypurdresring-tablc when wc wcut out. I took it to cut the stringround your flowers,' ' . ? u Don't be silly I ' and she pauses with her hand on ffor bed-room door, to return the kiss without Which I cannot yet icavo her fur ten seconds. *; Fraranton is waiting In tho ^coffee-room prufusc In apologies lor troubling. me. : 44 At such n time of all. others, my dear fellow? Wouldn't h&ve;'bad it happen for the world I What' will Mrs. St. Maur' think of wo ?. ' ric. ? . However, bis business teally is important, nnd do what I will, it is nearly threequar ters of nn hour, nnd very near midnight, when I seo his broad shouldttrs take themsrives off. I'uor little Sydney 1 she fyllt bo tired to death waiting for me, aud 1 dnih up stairs to make up for lost timo, Sydney is not In the outer room, however, nutl I pausu for li moment with my back to 'the Nro, and smiluas 1 think I need not have raced so frantically after all. Then I re member what nhc said about lyingduwn,nnd I move towards the bed room to seo if she had fallen nricep. when my eyo falls upon the ' frftully jools' lying In a dawllng hvnp upon tlm table. Uarriesa little woman ? Any una might have emtio in and cauiodlhein oil and rim not a bit* tho wiser. I stoop to gather them up,' Something rina Is lying near them — something almwt m bright iw tljey. With nil indescribable smisMion I bend nearer ami sue* tlmt it. iv,tho l\u»lean sheath I know. so well— the ijuulut, curious black aud y;oid Mhenth wound* about with n long shining tresr of guidon ludr, so smooth, «q lino, so iiunuy it can only bu from one -head In all tho world. ' ? .* Why dona my blood tarn to ice, and my heart renses suddenly lo beat at 1 take It kn my hand nm! mcc that sriuething issmeared upon the ' freshly severest edgei- soracthing vrot nud wftfm (tuff V . OjtQ **v *,,* \- Somehow I reach the next roosji and dosh. s - #opcn the diwir ; somehow. £ cr-va the floor ? and am beside the white bed, wuerc, all ,m . -? her pure, diynty brMnl. roues, her beautiful hair flo.atiag,nbout hec like .** goiden veil,: . . ^ lies myHove,*my treasure, my blac eyed ; . darling, my bride of a week, ao still, sooilent, . so deatb'y white, with a long, sharp knife in 1 her heart! - ^ - — — P— 'i — 't' *?- 