Tbe entries in Melbourne made on Monday for tbe coming biff e?ent« of the spring are entirely satisfactory, aud allurJ evidence tb.ftt tbe turf is iu a very flourishing condition arr.oDR6t our neighbors. The V. ri.C. entria* number for the Melbourne Cup 139, Champion Stakes 04, Mari by r unrig Plate ft'. Norminby Stakes 73, Ascot Vale Stakes 112, Derby 99, Oaks 70, St. Leeer 77, Sires' Produce Stake* 102\. Mares' Produce Stakes 1SS. or a totsl of 1,026, as against 086 last year. Thera are only ten more in tbe Melbourne Cup than last year. although the stakes have been raised t- £3 000, but ovvDers know tbat there are hundred's of noises good sprinters enough over five or seven furloDgs who would not have a ghost of a suoir of getting to the end of two miles in the Oup ; they are therefore wise in not sending in their names for the big event. It is not very gratify ing to find tbere is no Adelaide hone entered this year for the Cup ; but it is to ba hoped that we are Bearing a change, when racing will be revived again, and when we shall be represented of old in this as in other big events over the border. The nominations for the CauliifioUl Cap number 116, or six more than last year. 8nd the other V.A.T.U. races have aUo filled _we_ll. ? ^ ? ? The coursing mea who went from Adelaide to Karracoorte to tfas Moy Halt Gap meeting, while regretting the delay that was occasioned through the want of hares in the plampton, speak very well of the treatment they received aB visitors, and of the fair manner in which the judge, Mr. McLeod, performed his duties. The scarcity of hares was due to the depre dations of the eaglehawka, and it appears there is no remedy for thia except to abandon tha present plrunpton, and construct another much nearer Narracoorte. This step, we under stand, wiU be taken before next season, aa the proprietors of the plampton are now convinced that it cannot pay its way or be a success in its present position. They have agreed to give it np and let the fencing and wire-netting, &o;,, bs utilised in the construction of another plump ton on a better piece of land about four miles from Narracoorte, which the Messrs. Robert- s son' will devote to the purpose, and several local residents are willing to advance the funda necessary to carry out the work and stock the plnmpton with game, so that next season's Moy Hall Cup may be run under more ?; favorable auspices than the one just concluded. Flumpton coursing, though not equal for ' actual sport to the open meetings at Buckland Park, afford owners greater opportunities of trying their greyhounds, and in a plumpton \ - tbe sport becomes self-supporting, as the Victorians have already proved. At Moonee Valley Mr. Cox is able to give several good meetings a year, and to give added money to the sweepstakes, which could not be done with open meetings. The popularity of the sport increases annually, amongst our neighbors, and if a plumpton were estab lished near Adelaide there is no doubt coursing would be equally popular here. We understand there is some prospect of Morphett ville being purchased and converted into a plumpton, for which in form, size, and situa tion it is eminently suited. Used for this pur pose as well as for racing, Morphettville would be an attractive place of resort, as well as a paying speculation — especially if the totalizator were legalised attain for a certain period. ' The Manoora Coursing Club intend holding a meeting on Wednesday, June 20, when a sixteen- dog all-aged stake will be ran off as well as an eight-dog puppy stake. Entries close with the hon. sec., Mr. C. W. Gray, on the 18th inst. 