A Christmas Story. Thky c[uarrelled ou Christmas nigh, Pell out, and it name to blows. ' No! it wasn't a stand-up light; For the woman was one of those 'Who love like a faithful doy, 'With a love as deop as mute. Will was primed wilh the Christmas grog, And drunk he was just a- brute. A wee frail thing was' she, A trembling, pale- faced wench ; And a burly chap was lie, With a giant's iist to clench. Mo clenched it th.it night with rage At something his help-meet said ;— Some counsel discreet and saw It was that to the quarrel led. It was but a loving word, ,1 ust a thrifty wife's advice ; She wasn't a scold to gird, J3ut his wrath was up in a trice, lie was always a hasty chap, And quid: 'with a word and blow : If he hadn't been drunk, mayhap. Things wouldn't have happened so. lie up with his list, did Will, And he hit her uuross the head She groaned, and then all was still, And lay like a luinn of lead. .She had fallen across 'the chair, And her face was .is white as death : He opened the door for air, And listened to hear her breath. He looked in her ashen face And saw where his tist had hit Near the temple— a nasty place— And the skin with the blow had split. Down on his knees he fell, Sobered and shaking now ; In his heart, he had loved her well, And it was but a drunken row. Doud !— not a sign of life, Not a flutter— lie strained his ears ; He gazed ou his murdered wife With a thousand ghastly fears. His brain was allame. He thought Uf the murderer's awful doom : Safety in llight he sought, And rushed from the haunted room. He wandered and wandered f.ir Away from the ghastly sight, Seeing in every star (.tod's eye on that Christmas night. With her wrath at, his heels he Hew, Travelled and souu-ht the sea, And, joining a rabble crew, Sailed for the Wild West free. Over the whole earth's face, Hearing Hie brand of Gain Now in some savage plane, Now on the distant main— Wamtcml the guilty wretch, Haunted by night and day, With his hands too foul to stretch Up Id the skies and pray. Haggard and worn and weak, lieu read in his ,!«.'p-lincd brow A story he daved not speak, And all of them slimmed him now. Outcast, with never a friend Under the world- wide sky, Longed he his lifo to end, Vet did he fear to die. Accursed of God he bore The weight of a voicel'ss woe Till the years he counted as four Since ho struck (lie fatal blow. And the Clivislmas time came i-mind As they sighted a famous strand, AVlioroOid Knglauu's suns have found A home in a foreign laud. There the bMl- ramr out. a chime On the sulliy Christinas mom, To tell of the sweet, glad time When Christ the Lord was born. Thev rang in the outcast's ears A'messa-eof tender love : Thm, his face all wet with tears. He prayed to the God above, And when from his knees he r-se He had seen llow liis life should cl,,sc— ' Cod had pointed tie; path to le-t. llumeward he bent his wav, Home t.i the far-t.IL1 u-oat, To tell in the light of day The secret that seared'his suul. Ah ! woary the road has been, But the pilgrim stands at last There on tho old, old scene, There with the ghastly past. Ho will see whtro ho struck the blow Ere ho goes to his righteous fate, . j And then shall grim justice know | Who knqcics at her iron gate. i i He will whisper his secret then That is known but to God ou hiith : It so u shall be known of men— What will it cost to die r 'Twa.God, when h- prayed, who lent Peaee to his tortured lireas;, By Him was the pilgrim sent | 'That confession his soul might rest'. He stands in tho early morn There, where the deed was done, Just as tho light, is born Of the faint December sun. He peers in the tiny room, Then icels with a scared white face — Is it part of his awful doom That her ghost shall haunt the place ?' There ! — there ou the cursed spot !— ' Mercy, 0 God ! ' he cries ; And his breath comes fast aud hot— How she siares with those sweet blue She comes down the garden walk With her arms outstretched to him ; Can a phantom in daylight stalk As it docs in the twilight dim f She comes, aud he tries to scream, ' Back ! phantom of flesh and blood ! ' 'Tis a murderer's ghastly dream : Yet hark, how her heart goes thud ! It is she I 'Tis his winsome wife ! No ghost from a noisome tomb ; Her kiss has the warmth of life,— Ho is saved from a murderer's doom. Hark, how the bells ring out Sweet on the frosty air : God's message — ah ! never a doubt — ' .Behold how I answer prayer.' Told is the story soon Mow she whom lie fancied dead Hail come from her death-like swoon Only to find him fled. 'He has left me,' she thought and wept. ' He has left me for evermore ! ' Yet true had her fond heart kept As slowly the years passed o'er. It is Noel, the glad bells say, As they clung from tho steeple's height; Let the joy of this Christmas Day, At no for that Christmas night. 