Ghavter XUX. From Doughs Ashlon's Dairy. January 1, 18C — . — I was awakened nt early dawn this morning by a lound rapping at my door. I called out, ' Who is there ? Como in, Evans !' thinking that it was ray servant with hot water, when a voice answered, ' Oh, fir, got up, ploaso ! Miss Ashton is very ill I' I sprang out of bed, put on my dressing gown, and opened the door. There stood Winifred Jones, tho housemaid, appearing; in great distress. ' Please, sir, como nt once !' she requested: and she led mo to my sis tor's room, which is separated from mine only by bor dressing room. I hastened to tho sido of tho bod and spoko to Imogen. ' Gonio, what is it dearest ? Are you in pain V I was startled by hor bursting into a loud laugh. Springing up, she soizod my arm and exchumed — ' Is it buried yot ? Who was murdnred ? Was it my Frank ?' I roplacod her burning chock on tho pillow, and, turning to Winnio, asked hor what it all meant. I 1 am afraid,1 sobbed tho maid, ' that my dear young lady has a fever. She does not know mo or you, sir.' ' Go and call.Mr. Trossilian,' I said greatly nlarmod. ? Sho hurriod off, aud I stood watohing Imogon ; blio lay muttoring in a low voice to horsolf, and somotimos tossing up hor hands. Frank quickly obeyed tho summons and camo, looking wild with terror. Aft or ho had folt hor hand nnd pulso and prossed his fingers tondorly upon her forohond, ho said, in a brokon voice — ' It is fovor ; sho is vory, vory ill.' ' Merciful Honvon what cau wo do ?' I ox clnimod. ' Sond at ouco for Doctor Griffiths/ ho re plied. ' I sboald not dare to tu'io care ot bei precious life alone.' While he.yet spoko my sister cried, wildlj ' Tho Blue Lady — thuy have murdered her and buried her in my heart.' ' Good Heaven,' cried Frauk, ' is this the effect of fever?' And ho trembled witl: emotion. More ravings of Imogi-n prevented my answering a question to which f could make no oertnin reply, and Frank, laying his hand upon my shoulder said — ' Stny with her nnd soothe her, Douglas — 1 will go and get a sedative from Mrs. Lloyd's medicine-chest. Winifred, hasten off the coachmnn for Doctor Grilliths. and then call Mis- Ashton's maid.' Jle spoke hurriedly, yet with cnlmncsii now, and both ho and the weeping house maid left the room. \- 1 did my bnsfc to soothe Imogen. I dipped a handkerchief in ean-de-cologne and water, and laid it on her head. I held and stroked her hand and spoke softly to her tender words of endearment. By degrees hor excite ment abated, and she lay still, only muttoring in a low voice. Frank returned with incrediblo speed, bearing tho draught he had prepared, nnd which he at once tenderly administered. He was followed in a fow minutes by Dorothv Wynn, who stole softly into the room and to the side of the bed, ready, as her look and gesture indicated, to nurse her friend. Sho rnised Imogen's head gently, put tho pillows in an easier position, and wns on her knees re-lighting- the oxtinut fire when old Nancy, terribly scnretl, camo into the mom. Winnio had called her and told her the ill news. Tho nurso was terribly bewildered, but hastened nt once with shaking bands to help Miss Wynn. Frank hnu imposed silence upon us, and we spoke no word during the terrible iuterval before the doctor come. Though, from conversations I had held with him, I believed Tressilinn to be a clever theoretic physician, I wns greatly relieved when the moru experienced and practical Doctor GrifHiths arrived. He examined his fair young patient very carorully, nnd looked, I thought ns I anxiously observed him, gruve nnd serious. After his examination of the pntient aud low convention aside with Frank, he motioned to mo to leavo the room, and we all three went into the corridor. Here the doctor paused and asked — ' Has Miss Ashton had any su-lden shock V ' No,' I replied ; ' J know of none. On the contrary sho seemed to be 'unusually happy, lately. But both Mr. Tressiliun nnd I thought her a little over-excited last night. ' Ah, she is excitable then ! Nervous V ' Yes,' I answered, ' certainly norvons — an imaginative girl.' And I told him of her fancy that sho saw an apparation of the Blue Lady, and of the weird cry she had imagined she heard on Christmas Eve. ' These fancies and imaginations were symptoms preceediug the fever which is on tho brain,' ho said, shaking his bead. I could scarce suspress a cry of anguish — our father had died of brain-fever. 'Is she in great danger?'! askod faltor ingly. ' In danger, certainly,' he rop'iod, gravely j but she has youth, and probably a good constitution, on her side. She has always hitherto had good health, I suppose, Mr. Ashton ?' ' Perfect, robust, joyous health,' I answered ' till wo came here. In this place she has grown nervous, fanciful, nnd timid. I wish I had never brought her lioro ; I wish wo had never seen Plas Mndoc.' I have heard other lips say tho same loug ago,' said Doctor Giffiths. ' It is a dull, un canny place as the Scotch would say, fora yong girl.' ' I will take her away from it if sho re covers,' I observed, ' My selfishness shall not again expose her to suffering' — for I re membered bitterly how reluctantly I had been to quit Plas Mndoc in the autumn, and how hard it had seemed to leave beloved Dorothy on whom my eyes bad but just now yearn ingly rested, as she sat in her calm, al most solemn loveliness and perfect grace by tim sufferer's pillow. The Doctor now led the way from the cor ridor followed by myself and Frank ; in tbo hall be paused and said that if I would allow them ho and Mr. Tressilian would consult on the case alone. They withdraw into tho library, and I went to tha morning-room to await them. A rap came at tho door, and at my ' Como in' the housemaid Winifred presented herself, bathed in tears. ' Good Heaven,' I oxclahnod is, ' Miss Ashton worse V ' No, sir, not as I know of,' she sobbed ; ' I havo not beon in since — since tho Doctor came.' 'Then what do you want with me? I asked, rather impatiently. I wns so miser able that it made mo irritable. ' What is it you want with ino?1 ' Oh, sir, to tell you tho truth, ovon if you never forgive mo— to tell you and the — tho Doctor what it is that made my sweet young Indy ill !' 1 What do you mean V I asked, sternly. ' Snoak at onco I' Forsho sobbnri so vinlenth' that she could not continue. ' Yob, sir. My Indy saw something dread ful lust night, and Mr. Trossilian had to do with it ; and sho was frightened — and — and' — with a fresh burst of sobs — ' I fear it has killed her.' ' Toll mo all iHstautly !' I exclaimed. ' What misarablo trickery has been going; on ?' For all along I had suspected somo trickery in these stories of tho haunted Plas ' Was it a. ghost sho fancied sho saw ?' ' No, sir ; it was a coffin.' And then with many sobs Winifred told ino that my sister, at her instigation, had watched on tho previous night to endeavour to discover tho mystery of Plas Madoc, and had seen a coffin taken away by a man and Father Philip, Miss Wynn and Mr. Tressilian watching it, and how Miss Wynn had thrown up hor arms in grief or thankfulness — Wini- fred could not toll which — nnd had than sunk into Mr. Trossilinn's arms, and boon carried by him into the house. I listond with amazement, angor, nnd in credulity. Yet how could I doubt tho in cident which Winifred confirmed with such solemn nssorlions, and tho effect of which, sho declared, was Imogen's illnoss ? ' What inducod you to nsk Miss Anton to tndortako such a watch ?' I inquired. Bocauso, sir I thought it my dntv to oport my lady's oyos as to how Miss Wynn nnd Mr. Tressilinn woro a-going on. llo tins novor senrco beon in his bod sinoo ho camo hero ; ho is nearly all night in Miss Wynn's towor. ' How dare you utter such a falsehood V I exclaimed. .Do you think any one will for a moment listen to sn.ih slanders ? Was it thus you wrought on my poor innocent sister, to induce hor to watch at night and risk life nr.d health for some delusive show ! ' I have spoken no fiilsohood,' exclaimed Winifred, her face blazing with passion ; ' it is all pure truth— and Miss Wynn- is a witch who bewitches folk, or they'd see what sort of a creature sho is — a wicked poisoning Popist!' 'Leave tho room this moment !' I ordered. I 1 shall send you from tho Iioubo, gs soon as the story you have told me can bo inquired into. Go!' And I rang tho IirII* As sho sullenly obeyed me, a footman nnswred it. 1 Go to the library and ask the gentleman there if I can spsak to them for a moment,' I said. In a few minutes Doctor Griffiths entered the' room alonn, and I heard a horse galloping awny at the sitno time. ' Where is Mr. Tressilian?' I asked. ' lie is gone to catch the noxt train, to London — which he will scarcely do, 1 fear,' replied the Doctor. ' We are both anxious for tho best advice, and he has gone to fetch Doctor Selwood Smith. He has taken my horse to save time, and asked mo to explain to you that he had not t- moment to lose ; for David, tho footman, said you were en gaged just now.' It was very distressing for me that Frank should have gone before I oould speak to him, but it was impnratively necessary that Doctor Griffiths should know how my' sister's illness had been brought on. I therefore related Winifred's story to him, suppressing the ill-natured slanders with which it had concluded. The Doctor listened with grave attention. ' It must have been a fearful shock for a timid, imaginative girl,' ho said; 'and the womnn deserves to bo instantly dismissed. What could have induced her to tell the young laidy stories which caused her to sit up and watch ?' ' Malice towards Miss Wynn, I fear, I re plied. ' But, in any case, even if, ns she says, sho acted from a sense of duty, she should have mentioned her suspicions of some thing mysterious going on to mo — not to Imogen.' ' Assuredly ; but no doubt the whole thing can be easily explained by Miss Wynn and Mr. Tressilian. Perhaps sumo religious re cluse has lived ami died in the enstern chambers ; or it may simp'y have beon a box containing the vessels for tho Holy Com munion which was taken away.' 