AI Toie fromn the Street. (BY PEIItEGGltNIt PILCKhLE.) The funnyly matntf the T'rarlgon JouRsnAt has evidently got into the serious depart nient for I read in Tuesday's issue tile fnilluwing: 'The cricket ntch, Marricel V. Single. sat down to he pledl of arrturl"nt labut ot a bit of a ftZle atin the tlul-hnla red edae " talot rome Ihad , ntrrie wles Mu e Owmt iem cuhld not Camu," u¢ Inn'e al p let til renaon of the neclnr of a momben r of IkSltcth. Thie guy itbloetid howerer, terned tip lit ittll oitplerent, and thtough the :iotch to thm liecotlel sot be pinynd, t gtl senetteh wat In blulgt In." Now we haen lotng been -aware that the snitarcy arrangements t f some parta of TramlSon ar iot what the luncouth calit " tp to Dick" (I don't mean "Dick r tA .J" that would sigilfy dryn.csa rather thant anything clse), ht ettter for a momeatt imagined that it had reached such n pitch that the single Ilhabitnots are olligetl to emuhlate thaoe veneraile a?igc wiho hblelced the Duke ol Argyle. ltti thie tritgo part ,f it is it sccmt only the bahchclirs "hal a scratch." Ther enannot, hoe resuolt withot a canae. snud the qut?titih for solittiot is --lour did those who" hail marricd wivcs and therefore catld not come" opt clear of the Tinralgon itch. Perhas it is that beintog marited for the anku of their wive they keep theiselves clean I Cleanlilness s the best provotiive yoeaknow. A point of interest too is how tha? scratChedi--whether they nit s~arted scratching toither. or one aftor another, or whether they scmrtchedt each other, or one another. T'?h? I all shromllr id tmystery, all thlt is handted downl to no is that "as the match coulh not he played they hadi a scratch." An enthnsiattl hard. whase lite promhably hla loti Ibhec teie.- has recently berst into' teng, no the rmilniscenecit of ' 40 yenars nil," and the Nenrre Warren Baz.anr, flash Upni his vil ii?sinhition; and stir the soul to eloqence. 'l'hit it is that oni October 2k, 'throngh the colnumn s of the " Dandetontig -Advertiser." the world is atlpriaedl o tlhe temantiC fact that a lonely horseman urged his joded ateel alonig lumemmerrlng's windilg course " same 40 yenta ago." lor titettu ho camps. antd this is the tiuehint way he describes his lonely resting-place ,Tluat eitt my lonely coach I enlale Beile a burning tlog Nnon other sltare my niihtly thtle taxcept oy horne nit dog. The hutagry liegos saw my tire. Bnt dhin't know tim auone Tihe alil bear climbed it little higher, And wondered who t wN,. The writer is evidently a bit mixed as to \vhlo hlis companiotns wore the night he madi his lonely coach, for he first distinctly avows that only his hore tand dog wnatched llis jocaccftl shlmbets, and immedlntctly after. wertls tings in a wild bear and tafes*ihungry ditges. It wits tlhouglhtful Lt hin to tell us tile dli;nt didlil't know tile catse of the fire, as it pto)Yes what unciducated titals they \vtce iLi tihol daysa. As ttile bear is'itlerlg Ilio le wue, thrat's jlst what td\albled me, alid I moist nay frnom the llpilI I've fornmed It tshowel that Itars sow0,0 ti, "climb a little Shither.' It's a pity my friend. d oeial't emudate lits exatuple. . T Th: 'l ppollnnd Iidlepident"t 'say a most n.ctiirx larintrr ilmtcnleoteino tutu nodce iht eI, e nmt-.o ill Tarwiti latelt, reoetllhitig the old tmtlitiot of." Will o' the Wlspp' ap. eanring like a bhll of tire nearly alnl jlgtt, t.apl,,.nrs tt dodges n olat, atll that nany -ersons have bIel bushed through trying to fllow it. Same nasert it as phosphorous ribnng ftrm the ground, while others think that it i s ?i.-?craping from inrmieCo crol duposits. Crear's Ghost ! Anything, evrrythlitg c.tL I Thv -will oay directly that the torpid state olthe (lipilalp lldl rattic market is brought aboat by conl. anmd t r.:am that the Mb rwell str?rt are pavedl witi that valaualle omincirarl i, puincu if liu 03u0 yards of gravel for which we have so iloI vyearned ili vain. .ow if thisl extnuliinary "moving light" lhadappearedii ei Trafrlgar I would Ihve hiumediately set itdorwn toCox winning that ig ,sweerl, tbt Tarwrin-well. I always thrught the Tarwin peiople were a temotcrrate cnrowd. 