Death in a Golden Shaft. BY B. L. FARJEON. Among my few friends and many acquain. tainces on the goldfields was a man,-of the name of Rick Paterson. My impression was that the name was assumed, and that he had passed through some kind of trouble at home in the old country. In those days England was always spoken of by the gold miners as "home " and " the old country," and always in tones of affection. I liked Rick Paterson, and he liked me. I was a youngster then, almost a boy, and I think he was drawn to me because I was 'the possessor of a few books--Shakespeare, .O)aian,-Shelley, Pope, and others:;'Hi&i;'ij;' 'ibhould judge, would be between thirty and thirty-five, and it was evident that be had moved in good society in England. We all looked upon him as a bit of. a swell, thouigh he was the last man in the world to give himself airs, .. . . I is necessary to mention that at that time I was what was called "a gentleman gold digger." Young as I.was, ,~1 had made :a little money, and was spendiog it in pros liecting for a golden reef. I employed two .men, one of whom, Tom, a'Welbhman;Iin. .troduced into my first novel;, " Grif.' ? We lived, of course, in tents,: and a jolly life it was. My money was vanishing quickly, but that gave me no "concern?- I was young ; I was bubbling over with nii-? mal spirits ; I was confident of the future; No doubts and fears, sprivging from -faint lieartedness, oppressed me.: i as leading a life of freedow and adventure in a new and wonderful world. My tent was pitched on-:the ktop' of a range, where my men and I were following into the bowels of the carth a ,'`spur," in which, when we first spotted ~i; we f?ind a speck or two of gold. This"' 'spur." 'which was about the thickness of Welsh-Tom's lit tle finger (he was an enormous: man, and' strong as Samson), was to .lead,ns to the: main reef, say, as a matter of iileasaut specu lation, eight feet thick, and running twenty onnces of gold to the ton. I' ised to conjire up visions of monster cakes of gold cooling in immense retorts, all thbe coors of .the. rainbow playing on their; surfaces., By ,the side of- the furnace in which the gold had been smelted were pails :"of quiicksilver, which had fallen therein from the lorg pipes of the' retorts.iin showers of Silver stars. Ther6' w'as 'riit'oly;fieeddm on the gold fields, not only adventure- there. was ro mance, there wes fairyland. -Fo? the's?won drone rainbow, coklrs'f playing .like' living piriits:dpon the surfaces. of. great cakes iof milten gold, 'these showers of silver sitais. droppiig'frimi a- height iito clar wFater, were- veriiab-lc-tfo those whbo--re -lucky enough to, dscover ;a. quartz reef c"ght feet thick, crushingan average of.twenty ounces of golTdt? the ion. Siuch. things I appened, and' to i-ien- who havi~befia' avvhi s and bricklayers inthbe old coiitr~.; It'fell to my share.to drem of them ;,but I- was happy' 'Rick Paterson's tent was pitched-in the, gully. Sometiimes,of an evening, I would go down'to him ; sometimes he would comni up to me; sometimes we met on the-way. I think Le enjoyed the hours we spent together ;,I know. Idid. We chatted upon a!l. nantnr of sub jects, and he learnt from me everything con cerning my private life which wis worth" the telling ; of his own private concerns he never spoke until the evening he" came -to' wish me good-bye. The overland mail was in, and he had received letters :at the post-: office. One of these letters contained a draft for one thousand pounds.': \- 'I must go to Melbourne :to get it cash'd," he said. . ' An agreeable surpriiseto -receivei a draft for a thousand :pounds, h, young 'f Yes," I: said, smiling; :"I shouldiit' mind one myself.".- - . S -I: hope. you will" never have ?i? like ex-: \--'perience," he said gloomily?, " ? ) - ' I looked a't him in'wonder.~' r -?-: ' ",The money:is mine,"he contintied,"ýbut it is. flung at me, aind the lett'rdo'n'ining'it conveys the sweetest news. ,I am not a; saint-I know that well enoiigh bu?t 'I .aam' not:a'scouhdrel either. " I' have been my owni enemy chiefly;, but Ithbought there was one who would- have stuck to mie;.:. Wheni 1 bade her good-bye s~e isdpt'rivir bf :fears. ' I will betrue:to you,' she Eaicl, to the last hour ef:'my life.' - I believed ller, and I turned&my; back: upon: Old.England in the hope that I would return one day and make her yxwifd;. ITI :had godt into6fiscrapes, ?nid a : large sum of money was :necessary to clear me, Till that was doine I· could not settle down ;,.-her .people would nct- hear of .it. Well;,my scheine was to co?zif-he're to the gold-fields: and" shovil otit 'the ?old. Buit luck:has been- against me;:so to carry out an idea ofmine I sent homde for moneiy. Here it is,.and 'with' it the r e'iWs tlhat if 'I still wished'to.marry the-faithful: woman,' I shall have to wait till she is either divorced or a widow;; I:shallh'iav:my revenge, though. I am haunted by a dream of :gold, and there are more unlikely-things than-tbiat it :will come true. I shall hit upon-:-a golden reef Sthat will be the wona~"iof the world. I've dreamt it, young 'n' .Theni I'llgo back to England,:and myrmoney: stall be wormwood to her peqople;::they ~worsh'p it, and so does she. What do you-say to coming prospecting ".No," ~I Ed'fIsl a stick to my reef here. - 'Don't'yboii:intenid t o'return :to. the -. W~.:bat's the use,,l he. replied. --" Half a pennyweight to the tub will scarcely yay for tdbascob., NoI shall goe and find my reef, and when i-do yci"fshall ,hear fromni me. If ever yosigetibilck: to the old country look me np;i Heie's-the address of a legal firm: in London; they'll tell: you:lwere to find me. I'm sorry to part-with you;young 'un." "Not so sorry as I am,' I said: "I shban't know what to "do' with myself of an even ing." We stopped up:late talkinzg. It was a most -'lovely night, and'we strblled aib6iiihb?e raiige, opening our-hearts to each.other. - From the. Sheight upon which we stood we saw the \- lights of the distant township and the gleam \--ing-white tents of the gold-diggers. --It" was "with genuine sorrow I bade him good-bye. : I had hopes that' he would 'write to me from Melbourne, but I did not hicrninythi??g -of him. -I can say-with truth' thatE I -felt' keenly:the void which his departure caused. But the aetive life l1ed keptme frombrocd ing upon.it. -: Welsh Tom and the other uman I employed, whose nanie I forget, and I- fol lowed the spur deep and deviopsly into the dark caverns obf theo range, always' bunoyed up by the hope of coming upon the golden reef for which:we were prospecting. -A nice dance that spur led us; and at last wve 'lost it altogether. We were a hundred and thirty ..feet down, digging through a bed, of iroin S: sandstone, which played the verydeuce with gads andpicks; andiconsumed no end- of gun S-powder, and then it was that Welsli;Tom ad vised me to give up the hunt., Then it was, also, that Tonm' told me: a piece of news abou.t Rick Paterson. "I heard in the town;hip,"' said Tom, .ethat Rick andLeoo Rivers are prospecting together."- '!: - - - I opened my eyes at this. L"o Rivers, who bad been working in the gully" :close':to'Rick Paterson'sa:claim, was the last; man-I should have thought my friend would have chumbed with-a low-bred, - quarrelsome fellow, ahd my particunlar ;aversicn. -n; - "I want to:.come across Loo," Eaid Welsh Tom. "l 11i.take:my oath he stole that shot handled pick of mine:the day before he made tracks for, another diggings. :il'll :make- it warm for him if .catchs:him.!-', .' .. We fell to talking:.about. the- reef in the Svain hunt for whichl I had spent:so much money, and I said wewould work for another z--- . four weeks, and if we saw notindications we would turn it up.' That'is whlatwe did at the end.`-ot of four, lint of eightwiveeks:9 : S"What sbhallyoih do;.Tom ?' I asled. "I shall g?to Ararat," 'said he. "I've been thinking ofit a loig time. Thererde goldeni reefs in the ranges thereabouts." It wad the common dream-the golden reef) eight feet thick, averaging twenty ounces to the ton. I doubt if there was a :miner in all Australasia who was not bit by that seductive serpent, "Wi'.ll, yoU, take me, as a mate,"Tom=?" JI The reasin why I did not propose that :we should-remain' on the ..oldý terms o?f master and man was that my funds were running :-low---bad-barely_, eighty':pounds 'left, 'anud this I offered to throw into the venture. Welsh Tom could have saved much more than that in my service had it not been that he went on periodical sprees, during which I he got gloriously drunk, to the last shilling hepcrsesstd.,It happened, howeveri that he had not indulged in one of these sprees for the ]a.t' two' or three months',i and that :he could call.' himself imasiter of some. twenty torn and :tatsered one pound" note.. -'My eighty. pounds .against his. twenty: 'would "equalire for ai little while' the disparity in our physicaLpowers. : Buti am sure; he did not consider, that; he held out his' great horny hand; and the barigain was struck. The next;:morning we .started-for-Ararat. It was not Tom's intention to..pitch,our tent'wliere'diggers moat did·oangregate.. He biad his eyeinaq range.of hills.which he had crossed some.three years ago, and thither. we directed our steps. , We walked.for.two;days without seeing a human beinig but ourselves and thn' Tom Esaid "Here we are." It :ava a- wonderful' range of 'hills, and literally strewn with quartz. My heart beat, fast atithe prospect, and after the fashion of gold-diggers I commenced at.once chipping anid breaking the'stone and looking for gold:. I came across a speck here and' there, but' Tom, would 'not 'allow me to linger long; Pinuting to; the highest range within view, he said it was there we would put up our tent. It was evening when we reached the. indicated spot, and then Welsh Tom, clutch ing my thoulder, said "I'm :damned if somebody hasn't been h'ere before us ". . . . . Sure endugh there was a shaft which had been sunk,'and from the earth piled around it.we judged it could not be less than a hun dred feet deep. : : " They've been at work quite lately," said Tonm, c?amining:the indications. " We'll see what's'at the bottom.' But first I must go, and get a:windJass.": Be assisted- me; to ':pit .:p :our twelve by eight canvas tent, and then he started off alone, sying he' would :be back..on the third day.; 1 was quite. content to be left there by myself, 'and I pegged out' a claim, sixty-four feet square,' and employed niyself during Tom's absence in rambling over the hills and chipping quartz for gold. _.On. the the 'thiid day Tomnretuined, and by that time I had convinced myself that there was more than one rich 'golden' reef waiting'there to.be unmasked. Tom brought a windlass,' .rope, and buckets with him, 'and the flour and meat as well. 'The meat consisted of half a sheep, for which he had paid three shillings.: .Early hnext morning the wiiidlass was rigged, and the rope fastened:on it, with rthe bucket attached to :the end.: I 'stepped into it,' and' holding the' rope with my,left hand, I gave the signal to ~lower down. . In my right hand I had a:lighted candle. Down, down I went, and lanided at a depth of about. a hundred feet. :Bt within a .minute of 'my taking miy foot out' of the .bucket I'gave the singnal to lie hoisted tip again.. When I reached heaven's light: I was as white- as a ghost and.: trembling: like: a leaf. "What's the'inatter?" asked :Tom : "Toimi," I said, " there'? the b?dy ofa dead mani at'the bottom of the shafti'!. ' "What's to be done?". asked Tom. ': "I don't know,'. I': repiied. f'! IVdon't; dare to go down again' S' You couldn 't lower 'm', 'uppose" he said. I looked.at him-a gr"at.bon'ed man, 'over six feet in height. " I1 couldn't trust niyself,. Tom." " All right," he said. . He lowered the rope and buicket, and then, by some means, made the upper en-l of the rope fast to the windlass. : '. Be ready to give me a hand if I want it," he said, "and see that the rope doesn't slip. Keep tight'hold of the Landle of the wind. lass.":, ' ,. r . Hle swung himself into the chasm, and hand under hand let himself down. I was in great fear for him. : A slip, a frailstrand: in the rope, and 'he was a lost nian.' But he' reached the bottom in safety, and reinained there, some time;.. .When his work below was finished he raised himself to the top, and I gave a great sigh of relief at his safety. . ":Well, Tom ?" I said. "It's true enough," he replied, "Theie's idead man at the bottom, and I've made him fast to thd bucket. .VWhit's more, he's been murdered.": "' urderedlI' I cried: ? "Nothing shortof it. .A pick driven clean into his skull, and with such force that the point of it got fixed in the stone. It was as much as I could do to get the pick out and release the body. It must have be.n a planned thing." ". How do you know that, Tom '" " \Well, the two men being below, one of them to be murdered, the d "-d villain must have made hii preparationA to get up again after he'd killed:his mate. .There was no one to pull him up, and he inmust have fastened the rope to the windlass, as I did, and got up and down that way,", All the while he was talking he was 'at work- unfastening the rope which 'he had firmly secured, and he now began to haul up the body of the dead man. " There's something more yet, saida Tom. " What?" ..The men,, ;whoever they were,: were pros pecting for a reef. Down, a hundred feet, and no trace of one. Now if the murderer had waited another day-" '" Well, Toni'?" ',' There would have been no murder done, that's all. The pick:with which he killed hismate was fixed so tight in the side of the shaft that I had a'j b .to get it' out, as I told you. I daresa~ the mnrderer'tried to get it away, but 2couldn't. Nowfl when I 'did get the pick free, Ifoundit had been driven into a mass of quartz, and that the' same blow which killed a man ope'ned'out a golden reef. Look 'here I"'' : He rested from his labour, aiand ;showed me some picces of quartz with lumps of gold sticking in them, At? first my eyes glistened at thesight, but the next moment a shudder ran through me at the thought of -the discovery under such circumstances. . .!': Careful, careful, now," said Welsh Tom, as the bloody burden came into view. I assisted to steer it out of the-death chasm, and'there it lay upon the surface'df the hill,' with lumps of golden quartz all around.it.' .. :"He lasn't been long dead,''.said Welsh Tom. " Not two days, I should say." "All'the more chance of catching the miurderer," I said, ai'TIStooped over the dead Sbedy. My blood ran cold as I gazed at the ghastly face, "My God l' I cried. "It's Rick Pacerson I" "Sure enough," saidWelsh Tom; "and' the man who murdered him is Loo Rivers. Here's the pick he stole from rme. I could swear to. it, because of the ' T.' cut into ithe bandle. I did it myself. He shall' 'swing for it, as there's. a God in HIeaven I We must make for the 'township at once. I don't like 'Iaking the claim, but noboy' knowsw'e're here, and it will be safe enouga f.or a fewdays1 ieitiweretrnrn. Let us: start at ones; there's not.a-minute to lcse."?I SWrappiing up the horribleburden as well a .we could, we 'made( our way to the to6wn. hip, asome' forty eight miles of, ail there, as luck would have it, almost the first man we met was Lo Rivers. Before he had time to speak Welsh Tom seized him, and held him as in a vice. I could spin the story out, but I will content myself with saying that justice was ?ine upon the viirain Rivers, -He diedby thleihangman's~ropef: The business kept us in the. townshipl f. 'some days,i and then we .returined to: the claim in ~hich we expected It" make' our fortunes. Our hopes_. were., dashed .to.,the ground. There was a goldfields law that, if for a certain number of hours no. work was done on a claim, it became the. property of any person who chose to take possession of it. This process of taking possession of a claim was termed" jumping." Wel11, during. ouiiralsence our clauimn had been " jumped," and when we got back to it we found four 'C6rnishmineir~ haiuling fip golden .quiartz It ?was hard lines; bu't there was no help for it. The la'.?ivas on their side. The reef that was discoi;eirdfiin the :shaft' inu bich~'Rick Paterb on was foully murdered furned :outto be one of the richesttih Australia. \- : have often ?waud~eed' : whether Rick Paterson's people, at-:home ever.,learnt what; became of him, " 