CRICKET. SATURDAY, 20TII OCTOBER. Carlton, v. Melbourne (tor the Metropolitan Challenge Cup) —On the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Hast Melbourne v. Richmond. On the E.M C.G. University v. South Nclbou<-,,e.-On the University Cricket Ground. North. Melbourne v. St. KUda (for the Senior Suburban'Challenge Cap).—On the N SI C G. JC.ssrridon v. Will i must own .—On the Essendon Cricket Ground. Port Melbourne v. Fitzro'/.—On the P.M.C.G. THE only fly in the ointment, at Caulfield on Saturday last was that the clerk of the weather was evidently in a bad humour, and trotted out a regular beast of a day. And it was an awful pity, too; for the classic heath never looked so charmingly bewitching before, and the gorgeous spring flowers (which some floricultural fossil informed the Argus man were " seasonable mesembryantheinum ") which ornamented the miniature lako in the foreground and were tastefully spread round the o d grand stand (" old " only in name) completed a perfect picture. Flemingt n itself never presented a pleasanter spectacle, and had i not been for the dust fiend adding to the discomforts of the Bweltering state of the asmosphere the outing would have been a thing of joy to look hack on tor ever. Because, you see. everything was up to the knocker and in its place, save and except one very important thing; that was the waterjug in the Press sanctum sanctorum. "There were choice cordials in plenty brought from far lands across the sea ; but the aqua holder was not equal to the requirements of the case, and the look—as of car—which o'erspread the countenances of the recording angels as they gazed longingly into the empty jug spoke trumpet-tongued that they had a certain amount of diffidence about taking their poison ' neat." To that cause ffliv be assigned the terrible devastation som« of them caused amongst the good things provided by Host Skinu^r-who, to his honour be it Baid though besieged by countless hordes, took care that they did all .eat, and were filled, there remaining of fracments (and very fragmentary at that) many baskets full. So much for the more prosaic if more filling;— part of the day's entertainment, Now for the turnabout-and-wheel about-aud-do-juBt-so businpss. Half-adozen weighed out for the initial event, the Caufield Stakes of "a mile and a quarter and a distance, and although they were six approved good animals, strange to say only one of fchern was hacked with any spirit. That one was the Honourable James White's Ensign (2 l xil). who—also strange to say—was piloted by Huxley, Tom Hales being up on Carlvon, about whose chance 4 to 1 was alwavs on offer. The Australian Peer was also likewise amongst the number; but although he looked the personification of condition his party were, evidently, not in the vein for backing him, and so offers of G to 1 against him were as plentiful aa blackberries. Some clever people averred they had seen telegrams from the stable to the effect that Malua was a dead anin- but the majority of the public refused to snap when they saw him, despite the fact that his owner had entrusted Mo. Trahan wth the monut, and, therefore, he WRB but seldom inquired after, although the books have had a taste of hie quality quite often enough to make them fight shy about taking any liberties with him so that 5 to 1 was barely procurable. Mentor was supposed to be dead to the world when the flag fell, and after a couple of furlongs had been traversed he looked to be hoplesalv out of the hunt. That was while Ensign was leading; but, Lord love you, as soon. as Sam Cook's one-eyed gunner, Cyclops, showed a bold front and looked like downing the favourite, Mick O'Brien made one of his famous panther-like rushes and gp£ home by half a length;. En Bien finishing third a length away. Time, 2min. 28 1 sec I timed the last round (a mile and a quarter and 64 yards) as taking 2min. 151-sec.; but the horses were going no pace until they got to the hack of the course, and the time Mentor must have run the last six furlongs in would be worth remembering. That he is a great horse is undeniable ; but that be is capable of defeating the field that he did on Saturday, all things being equal, is most decidedly open to question. The bald-headed fact remain?, however, that he got home, and that's all wo need trouble ourselves about at present. CYCLOPS ran a magnificent race, for he was very big and lusty. In fact, the first and second were a bit above themselves ; but some horses run better in that condition. 13e this as it may, with regard to Cyclops he is bound to bo somewhere near Mentor wherever the son of Bwiveller ana Nightmare finishes in '.he Melbourne Cup, as the latter meets him oil 411). worse terms tlieu than he did on Saturday, and Cyclops haB proved himself to be partial to a distance. He ran second to Matchlock in the Champion Stakes in 1S86, in 5min. 4:iiRCCE., after cutting nut the running ; third to Trident in the same race in 1887, in 5min. 25J3PC.; and second to Cnrlyou in the Loch Plate last Mnrch, when lie brought the Australian Cut) winner to the whip, conceding him alb., in 3min. 35:Jsoc. for the two miles. BUT here I ar.i, going off at a tangent about Melbourne Cup contingencies, when I ought to be lighting your darkness about the gamps of phunniphellows that came under my cognisance last Saturday. To continue. There wasn't much wrong about the Hurdle Hace, the wary wobbler s having been scratched in preference to ri=king an enforced retirement, the consequence being that mv selected one, Incident, put down the great Hlue Mountain. The Victim and seven others, by covering tile two miles ill 3miu. 55sec.. notwithstanding the fact that the big gun started at G to 4, whilst Incident's price was 5 to 1. Good business 1 Ha! ha ! HOT if I was right in the Hurdle R ce, T was out of it in the Great Foal Stakes-quite by accident, however. As how ? Thuswise: You couldn't have knocked it into 1110 with a sledge-hammer that D ck Donovan would risk his filly Montalto putting up a 141b. penalty in the Maribyrnong Plato to win the Foal Stakes. And alibough she "did win I am positive that I was quite right in my opinion. Things are not always what they seem in a horse race : and at the time I tipped Vera, Aura and Britnmarte to fill the positions in the two-year-old race last Saturday, I would veuture to affirm that Montalto's owner had no intention of spoiling her prospects for that rich plum, the Maribvruong Plate, by incurring the steadier of 9st, 51b. What change took place, or when it did take placo in the arrangements I am not in a position to say. It may have been before the race and it may have been during the race; whenever it was it showed that the Neckersgat — Komula filly is just about as good ns they get them, and a great deal better than most. Vera, my particular weakness, did not run up to form —lot by long chalks. But, mark my words, she will, one of these fine days; and then we Bhall see what we shall see. Britomarte. the full sister to Newstead, liuished where I placed her—third. Everyone who witnessed the nice will agree with me that had she got the Rame advantage at the start as Mr. S Miller's fillv (Karda) did, she would have romped home. But then everyone is not so lucky as Mr. Miller is in getting his animals well away—William Tell, in the Niwmarket Handicap, and Radon at Moonee Valley to wit. There's a lot in Luck ; though I grant you there is a great deal more in Judgment. Some people have luck and no judgment : others have judgment and no luck ; others, again, have both. THE Caulfield Cuineas, to my mind, settled the Hon. James White's chance of appropriating the V.R C. Derby. That's whatever chance he may have possessed. I always believed firmly that Dan O'Brien would w n that event with his COIL Carbine, and if he has only Vollev and Ensign to beat ho will win in a canter. Nor will Wycombe trouble him, albeit Chetwynd and Melos might. The Guineas was a miserable affair, the time being but passable, and the filly only getting home half a length to the good of Wvcombe, and three lengths ahead of Wyvis. That'B not Derby form, nohow you can fix it THE observant reader (all my readers are observant, else of what utility this weekly dissertation:'') will doubtless have noticed that I bad my prophetic oracular cap set squarely on my bead last week, and never more 60 than when I directed attention to the fact "that the liandicappers have an altogrther erroneous opinion of the capabilities of The Irishman, Eaglet. Reny, Mernder and Co." Geelong represented tho '"'and Co." in the Australian Hunters' Cup on Saturday, and the manner in which he waited on the field, and left them when he wanted, winning in a hand canter by six lengths, proved conclusively that he should l-ave been impoBted at least another stone and a- half (tho same as Narrung) to h ive given the others a ghost of a show. Why, the race was run 14 seconds faster than when Big Ban won last year, the times being-1887, Big Ben, 5min. 3Hsec.; Geelong.Smin ,17Asec. By-the-way, Geelong is by Dante, out of Chicanery. There's many a good th ng comes oil' of Chicanery— especially in steeplecbasing - is there not? DESPITE slipping his party up in the Flat Race at Flemiugton the previous Siturtay. the followers of Teddy Sampson pinned their faith to Bothwell once more for the Toorak Handicap, of one mile. And he turned up trumps for them, too, albeit Sunuelo de Cook again fluttered the Volscians hy Remus making a bold bid at the distmcs, war:h ciusad the rider of Maggie—Argal, a good jockey—to draw up closer to the leader for fear of an accident. But it was all right, Bothwell skipped first past the post by two lengths and a half in lmiu. 45Jsec; and as tho cognoscenti wended their way towards their second-class carriages at firstclass fare, they pondered in their minde whether or not they would give Maggie a place in their calculations respecting the destination of the Caulfield Cup, considering that she would have 121b. off her back. Nathless Remus' ps-formance with SST. 111b. makes The Charmer's chance a particularly rosy one providing she is the better of the twain. OH. but it was right regal the railway accommodation to and from Caulfield hy the expreBB trainB laEt Saturday. I went by 'the first one at 11.15 on Sf turd ay morning, and was notat all disappointed when I found that the " first-class " carriages laid on at the centre platform at Fiinders-street consisted of fairish second-class ones and dilapidated relics of by-gone firsts. The " express " speed at which wo travelled was something fearful, as we accomplished tho six miles and a quarter in a shade over half-an-liour. However, we made up for it coming back, as tho journey—also by " express ' — occupiod 52 minutes. Just fancy ! A firstclass English professional walker could beat a Victorian " express " train. BREEDING blood stock is not always a paying earne to judge from tho following clipping from an English paper . -'• At Malton, on Saturday {25th AuguBt), jlr Boulton sold hv auction the thoroughbred entire Happy Omen, by Old Omen, who was knocked down for the not extravagant sum of thirty-eight shillings. It seems the lioise had a reputation for savagery, with a strong and lively desire to dine off visitors'to hiB stal3.'> How s this for high ? The Government officials at Sail Francisco have just succeeded in capturing a gentleman who is probably the most versatile villain that was running loose. He was aBaptistminister, who conducted a revival in a Texas town a few years ago. A train was delayed at the town, and the railway servants went over to the church to listen to the revivalist The preacher got an old deacon, who always prayed long and loud, to pray; meanwhile the good man slipped out of tha back door of the church and robbed the mail car of all the registered letters. He returned with the money in his pocket, and exhorted the railway servants to turn from tho error of their ways, and repent before it was everlastingly too late. This seems almos t like a fable but it is true, and the man bus been followed tor years 'and has finally been arrested. He was a gambler, spiritualist, general robber and Christian revivalist A curious mixture doubtless, but in these remarkable days of religion without pietv, the example is perhaps not BO very extraordinary an one as the superficial obs Tver might he inclined to suppose. SOSIE of the sports in Paris, to pass away the time and for want of something better to do, are trying to get UT) a sleeping match. This is something new, and its very novelty ought to make it successful. Entries, too. should lie plentiful. For instance, Dreamy Hollow (otherwiBe Geelong) would be sure to stand an excellent chance of winning. But stay 1 I have it! Let our police authorities pick out at random any night policeman, ship him to Paree, and enter him for this sleeping match, and it's monte. \- AH ! there's one place in England life's worth living -in, * after all. That's South Lonsdale. At the Brewster Sessions there recently a Superintendent Moss discovered a new form of iniquity in the heinous publican that most of UB would condone. He stated that "some of the licensed victuallers had adopted a new mode of enticing people into their houseB, giving a free driuk to everybody who happened to bo in the house at a certain hour This, he said, was generally done on a Sunday, and if the practice was not discontinued, he purposed, in his next report, to name the publicans who offered such an unwonhy temptation" Bv all means let the gentleman name them. Sweet are the uses of advertisement, and if all tho magistrates and all the people in court get the addresses of these most generous publicans, the business of the latter is certain to increase prodigiously, for every proper- minded person, on becoming acquainted with the addresses, is bound'to go and try to "put down" the "unworthy temptation." I WAS going to keep on writing paragraphs for a blue moon when mv eye caught a paragraph in an English paper that on the 27th August (the day after the auniversary of the birthday of the late Prince Consort), " the gentlemen in attendance on the Queen and Royal Family, aud the servants and tenants of the Balmoral, Aberfel'die and Birkhall estates assembled at the Obelisk at noon and drank to the mem ry of the Priuce." Which reminds me that Burton, of tho Orient Hotel, is a very loyal and lawabiding subject, and I had better point this item out to him. Of course ; he'll want to do what's correct and respectable, and as I didn't "drink to the memory of the Prince "on that day-why—of—couvse—it's never too late to mend, is it •? And when there's a chance of showing loyaltv by so simple and convenient an action as drinking—why—of course—well, there you are ! Ain't THE PUNCH Ofiice Cricket Club journeyed to South Melbourne last Saturday to play tho Normanby Second Eleven, and although tho former played with only ten men they scored a victory over the Normanby Club by nine runs in the first innings. In tho second innings PUNCH Ofiice had four wickets down for 58. W. K. Lonsdale captained tho visiting team, and N. CousiRnd the locals. Double figures were reached by King (18), Fulton (IG), Lonsdale (13), M'Callum (13 not out), Carey (12), Cousland (13). Tne feature of the day's play was the howling of M'Callum, who sccured 8 wickets for the small total of 9 runs. THE complimentary Bicycle and Sports Meeting to be tendered to Mr. H. Stewart Bale is now a leading topic of conversation in muscular circles. Messrs. H. Atkinson, J. A. Donovan and R. Greig are the hon. sectaries managing ths affair, and Mr. B. J. Wardill is hon. treasurer. The affair is planned to take place on the 9th prox. upon the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and the programme ia such as to aff ird a first-class entertainment. Entries close on tho 26th October at Young and Jackson'B hotel. With good weather we think the meeting should prove a success, and the efforts of the managers of the undertaking will have the best wishes of all who appreciate Mr. Bale's long aud earnest endeavours to further honourable sport of every kind. OLYMPUS. 