FROM THE I'RAHRAN TOWN. HALL. Mr Don ktn s speech to tho Australian Nfttivos at i'ranrnti, Is 'fully reported In thn morning paper?, may fairly como in for a fow notes by an observer about tbe manner. It Is impos sible to convev tlm full impiesHMm of a speech flt-nii in a verbatim renorL ff'harn am of voico with volumes of meaning, almost contradicting tbe spoken word, and quito different to thu cold iyp«, Mr Dcakln achieved a rcmnrkatrio triumph, under a tent which only a first class orator could submit to, through the uncongenial nature of an assemblage gathered for tho en joyment of a concert. You havo tiio platform occupied by such artistes ns Signer Roberto Hazon playing tho piano, and Sigitorlna Alico Robottaro trilling tlmTyrollnme. Tho word? of Mercuiy arc apt lo bo harali after tho sotigH of Auollo, a? SimUnnearo save. Tiiero fccmod to 1)0 a trifling hiatus iu Mr Dealt in 'a ctioductioo. OQ went tlio tmiHlcal artistes, leaving a bare stage. If Mr DcaMii hod walked ou by himself, thuto miglit be thu expectation of bis warbling forth tip) Sliriiio of My Heart's Bret Dovotlon, or reciting Tno Bulla. Thu difficulty wns overcome by a gentleman walking on with Atnlrionnd acouplo of chairs, ana Elnnting tlicm carefully. Even then tho pre- aratiun was rather tiko thnt for tho nigger ireo of the ghost iu a pawnshop. Wo men tion these trivialities to show now a great Parliamentary Artist enn overbear contrary circumstance?. On tho tnblu was a water- monkey nnd gift??, only for ornament. Tho president iutroduoed Mr peakin, and evidently a largo proportion of tho hulics and Gentlemen present did not cxnoly understand lint it wa? lio, for the applnuno did not Justify tlio Chairman's carefully prepared allusion to it a? an ontlisiastio outburst, Tlm? Mr Deakin had altogether to mako hi? way, which ho did in a stjlo almost Amounting to genius. At first ho wa? ovidontly nervous. Coming on with his thumb In one trousers pooket, tho other thumb Went into tlio other trousers pookot after a etrolio of tho inoustncho, und lio stood in tho uneasy style described as on one leg, twiddling with tho top of tho watcrmoniuiy. Soon, however, tho arms camo into play, and tho hesitating conversational tones, sounding as fin odd echo of Mr J. S. Butters, swelled uto oratory. Tha transformation resembled that familiar of yore, whon Mr Higinbotham addressed tlio Legislative Assembly. Mr Deakin struck firo several time?, particularly bv hli allusions to Garibaldi and the American Civil War. Why not tlio Australians in tho ooudan t It was truly a great compliment to tuoAesootatlon for Mr Deakut to Attend, for ho Is very ill from tho strain of hi? work over the Afghun business, and lit? health is always rathor delicate. III? throat was wrapped in flannel to tlio ciun, covered with a high cravat, An apology wa? mude for him at tlio Mayoral banquet on tlio !ooro of his health, but avldently he would not iavs missed tlio Native? on any consideration, f nblo to stand. His sarcasm on the Iriatan members of theAss'uoiation required to bu hoard to bo appreciated, though everyone was in doubt as to who ho aimed at. In plain Words, wasitMrPurves, or no? Surely not tho President, for Mr Dcakm profes- od himself the most loyal aud hutnblo member going, D«uaht bu tft private in the tanks. Altogether the speech is ono that will livu in inamorv. Yet lie impression is more of cleverness than of distinctivoncs? in uttering a voice on tlio great questions which toarandrend tho society. How ever, Mr Doakm is Ohluf Secretary. Were he a private M.L A,, beside? a private A.N.A. Somber, ho would lash out more roundly. Thu upubllcati? will call on him to bo moro definite. It is curiou? how thunder? of up- E latino nro invariably engender by a faint his? of Dcmselvcs, audible to students of sound, but wo don't think tiiero was any his? at Mr Doakin, Hi? shots struck like cannon balls on thu water, Thu branch of thu Australian Native?' \- Association woro greatly indebted to tiio aid of well-known Ringers and instrumentalist? for thn success attending upon tlio celebration of thuir 100th mcutmg laut night. To mark their appreciation of (tie assintanco renderod, thu commltteo included the toast of ''The Musical Profession" on tiio list for tiio mippor, Signer Hnzon, who wa? called upon lo reply, was received by a storm of applause, and indi cated Ids heartfelt gratiude, in dumb show, by rapid gesticulations. Immediately after a lull, the Signor announced, " I no spik lug- Icesii." . Redoubled applause. Then a com patriot helped the Signor out of tho difficulty with tlio offer of hia services as translator, nnd thuHpcech wunton swimmingly. Trnwdntud, tlio speech ran, "I would ho most delighted to have beon born in this country. In that caso I would have beon ablo to express myself in Eng- Hub," Tho translation inu>t have been a btt 1 free and elaborated, as tho Signor liad only in runiity Bnokmi a couple of words. a To mark hia disapprobation, the Signor, witti becoming empliusis, exclaimed, ''Too much." 'Thi? do- claration was tlio signal for uproarious laughter, In which tlio interpreter joined heartily. Even tually, tho Hpeecli concluded with this senti ment, "I drink to Australia, which I havo adopted as my home." 