OIIOHM ON THF. OCEAN. ? In ttao twenty yoars of my seafaring life I bad two experiences, with haunted ships. The term may prnvoko a smile, but if there are haunted houses why shouldn t there bo hnuuted HliipH ? As to tlic queHtion of tho cnperiiatural, I may ur may not beabolioior. I will givo you tho incidents ju-t as they ? occurred, and if you can expbiin everything ' satisfaimirily to yourself I shull bo uraiifi- d. An English brig culled tlio Chnrlcs, iu making her first voyage from Liv-rpool to Boston, had to-nu trouble with her oraw, and in putting it down tho O'iptain shot a sailor named Jnok Wallace. Jack lived about nu hour after being hit, nnd ho curued tho Captain high and low, and ho vowed by all that was good that ho would haunt the brig ''bb long as uno floated. I'iri blesncd if ho ; didn't begin thehauntinif business that very 'Jught, creating an uliirm which made ^ijiTOu^tfeo flrat mate shake in his boots. Ou gottingTritb'B.istOu' overy man but tho second mate daierted her. Sho loaded her 1 oargo, Khipped another orovr, and on tho way to England Jnok'ii ghost kicked up nuob h row that the men were fur taking to tho boats in mid-ooean and deserting tho briir. Every 'man of them, mute and nil, loft her at ; Liverpool, and it was two weeks after she wasrondy to sail ugain, this timo for Now . Orleans, before she amid get a orew. News of an affair of thin sort spreads about sooner or later, und furiher th m you would imagine, ' even without the help of the newspapers, mid Jack Tar will not uuil in a haunted bhip for any man'« money. Tho brig reaohc d Now Orleans af tor a long passage, and had scarcely been tk'd ti- tho wharf when everybody deserted her, the Cap tain going with ihe rest. There wan a regu \- lar stampedo, and tho vossel war left in too bands of the consignees at the drop of the hat. I found her two weeks after this with her load of cntton all aboard and her sails tent for sailing. Hor old crow hnd talked ? more or less, and double wages were being i offered for a crow. First mate's place was , offered mo, while an English sea ouptain hnd come down from New York. Wo regarded ? the ghost business as all nonsense, nnd were, prepared to grapple with any spirit or inves tigate any rnvstery. By our uwn personal efforts we finally picked up a crew, getting hold of men here and there, who had just ' come into port from long voyages and had 'heard nothing to tho brig's prejudice. We ? dropped down the rivar uud got tu sea with out tt singlo sailor having heard* anything, and none of them was looking for the mj s ^terious. Wo wore well out to sea before ? ?'? night of thn first day, and when I oiimo on deck at midnight to stand my watch tbeie : was a steady breeze and a moderate sea, und the captain's watch tmd hud an easy time of it. The men of my watch took a pull at a brace here and there, and inside of a quarter ? of an hour all except the lookout wero stowed away here and there to catch cat naps. I was pacing the deck with every thing very quint below and alolt, when my attention was attracted to the sight of a : Bailor coming aft. I wns on the starboard quarter, and he came along down close to the port rail, and made as if to' go to tho wheel. 'His footsteps gave uut no sound, and ho came ? along with a sort of a glide I never cculd de scribe. It wan a breach of discipline for a foremast hand to appear on tho quarter-deok ' without a speuial erruud or without saluting, end when I saw this man making his wav along the quarter toward the man at trio 'wheel it struck me that he whs walking in ? his sleep. I picked up a. rope's end and started for him, but ho glided abend like a shadow, passed within two fret of the m»n at the wheel, and went out of sight like a ?flaBn. Next instant the sailor let go of tbe . applies of the wh^sl.ind staggered about, and ^vtlA?Drig~wTjuld-'havS come up into tho wind ;i ,'m I not jumped for th'; wheel. I yelled -*J . ,/jnt and raised an alarm, and tho men threw iihaoy over, and we presently stopped our .??;'. way and made ready to lower a boat. It '' ; was then discovered tout no one was missing. ,' Every man aboard of that craft was there to answer to his name. ; The Captain set out to^ give mo a keel r -hauling fur creating such an alarm, but I took him a«ide, called to tho suilor who had seen all, and we told our story in a way whioh put-the. old man into a pickle. While ho hud to: believe lis, ho wouldn't believo in the \- supernatural, and no man could havo been more uneasy. f Hope is- what I saw, sir,' replied the fore mast hand. when usked for his version of the matter. ' I think I saw tho spook before Mr. Temple did. I thought ii was one of th^ men coming back to maki' areport to him, but. when I saw him bear iff to port, and saw Mr. Temple start for him, I believed it was a case. of sleRp-wnlking. The thing oame so oloBe that I could have touched it, and there was a smell of dead folks abi ut it. There was a sailor look to the face — it being a \- youngish oliap— and his two hands were olasped on bis tido like this. Ho fetched a sort of gram as ho puesed me, nnd ho wont over the stern as i-oftly as a leaf falls to the ground, and without a Bplash. This ia a haunted oraft, sir, and I give ? ' 'Shut up ! ' hissed tho oaptnin. ' Toll me that again aud I'll clap you in irons.' ' But who was it, sir ? ' ? ? f Both of you were dreaming, and if I hoar any moro of it somebody will hear from me.' ' Ho further requested that nothing: bo enid to tho mon, aud, although he tried to make . light of tho mntter, I know that ho -was deeply puzzled. Tlio sailor was as good 118 his promise, and said nothing, and nothing furiher happened uutil tho third night. The second mate, as you may know, is realiy in ohurgo of the Captain's watch, and this officer, Mr. Graves, was on duty, anQ the time was 11 o'clck, with my watch all below when something happened. His watch had just beon trimming tho yards, and could not therefore, be charged with dreaming. All nf a sudden a figure appeared among them. It was first seen at tho scuttle butt, and one of tho men, who was after a drink of water, spoke to it under the impression that it was one of his shipmates. It glided away, and at the same moment his nostrils were greeted Trith Bueh an odor that ho cried out in dis gust. Tho strange figure -was seen ' by four men of tho watch as it glided to a point a . : few feet abaft tho foremast, and thero stood for two or three minutonwith hands pressed upon its side, and its body waviuir to and fro, A man of the name of Will Kutch — a ohop who had never feared maii or devil — called out to the mysterious personage ; ' If you are playing a trick onus look oi't for yourself.' With that ho pioked up a buoket, or belay ing pin, or weapon of some s rt whioh waH handy by, and gave it a fling at tho figure, .and the mysterious personage vanished at the SJ, snap of your finger. There was a row whioh , ? ' brought us all on deok, and now tho fuot that , there was a mysterious uuracthing aboard th« brigoould bo nolongoronnceuled. Tho Cap tain raved and blustered, but the men had seen what they had seen, and it was no nee to brow-beat thnm. Tim wat«h below re fused to turn in again. The Captain under took' to drive them at the muzzle of his Revolver, nnd they threatened to jump over ': Thora may bo a haunted house in a neigh borhood, but no ono fears it unless bo parses it. Here was a thip believed to bo haunted, undyotno one could get away from it. I oonfess that things did Took at least ' queer ' to me, and while tho Captain pooh-poohed aud talked in a loud voice, I realised that ho wns a bit shaky. Mr. Graves aho blustored about, swearing at tho men and advising a doso of belaying pin to cure.thoir nonsense, and when tho Captain told him to turn in he went down to his borth with a laugh and a swagger. Three minutes later he returned to us with a face as white as ohalk, and it was a full minuto boforo ho could ueo his tongue to stammer out : ' The — the thing ia in tho cabiu !' Without a word in reply we desrjouded'th.o pota'pUnTon! -with him-»-tnB Captain going first, I next, and Mr. Graves bringing up the rear. As wo pawed, nbng tho ball and pushed open tho cabin door, tho figure of n man could bo made out on tho far sido of the oubin, where 'ho shudowe wero darkest. It was as plain as any human figuio oould be, though wo could not make out tho face and other dotnils. Wo (-tared at it for hiilf n minuto, and . then tho Captain pulled hit rovolvor and banged away. There was h sort of groan following his shut, and when the smoke cleared away wo took a light and Hearuhed in vain for tracoB of our mysterious visitor. He had departed. It waB confessed to tho owners, aha to tho press, that the officers and crew of thut brig slept on deck every night after that until tho end of the voyage. Indeed, there wero only two sailors among tho orow who would vonturo into tho forecastle in the daytime, and the Btoward could not have been kept in hia place i-xcopt by throats. We were ridiculed and laugnod at us a ere', but it is a matter ol hintory that tho Charles nevor mudo another voyngo. Sho could not got a Charter, nor could sho havo got a crew if she had, anil nftcr rotting in ordinary for a couplo of year* uho was knocked to pieces. My second experionco was on tho ship Homeward. I shipped on her at Liverpool lor a voyage to tho Capo' ol G.iod Hope and return. I hud not sot eyes on her, and know her only by the namo when I went aboard with my traps. I had a firi-t mate's berth, and understood that tho officer filling thut pluco hud been taken suddenly ill, two daj- before the ship wus reudy to sail, and I had to hustle away without ranking inquiries. Ah I approached her I encountered a, mini hkulking awny, aud believing him to bo » dei-erter, I naulioi out for him. I got hi' cellar, but ho broke my hold, and as he rm. away I beard him say : ' Aye, but I'd sooner fail the sea in a . miflin ' I gave this remark littlo attention, even when I found out aboard that ho was a de Herter. Ho'was one of tho six men who hud como off to tho thip in the morning, und no bv.dy could H-U why he had cut alickx. Wt had u pretty good idea three or four duyo later. There wern only fivo men aboard when 1 climbed over the rail — only five sailor?. Tin cook and steward wore there, as also a cabin boy, but tho Captuin wun aifhore, und no one could tell me whether a Becond mute had been shipped or not. About midnight iLcstiippiny agents sent mo eleven or twelve men, every cmo of thom helplessly drunk, nnd a little later on camo tho Captain. He had been drinking heavily, und alttr trying to tell nil his name und failing to understand mine, ht went, to his oubin with tho order thut I should cull him Ht Bix o'clock. Wo were all reuuj to warp ou% tho work of only half an hour from our berth, uud tho tide would not serve until midforeuoon. I appointed a bhipkeeper and turned in myself, but tbe drunken iello»- wero bound to h'uvo their farewell carouse, und I got no sleep through tho night. Lcs than half of them were of any uso next morning in warping the ship out. Tho Cap tain came on deck perfectly sober, and when 1 suid something about the condition of the crow be replied: ' Ye.-', it's boiiBtly, Mr. Temple, but we couldn't hive got 'em aboard sober, you know. Let a whii-per get out about a cralt und sailors act like iuuls.' I bad my moiith open to ask what stories were in circulation regarding the Homeward, when tho Captain, whose name was Robin son, gave mo tin order aud walked away. Thn second mute, who seemed to have been on a spree with the men, came up and intro duced bimfrelf. His name -wus Anderson, und ho apologised for his presonco by saying : I 1 hung out to the very hist, hoping to get another ship, but I had to take tho berth. Do you tbiiik they are very bud ?' ? What?' ' The ghosts.' ' Ia this a haunted ship.' 'Didn't you know it was? They say die has been deserted in every port uud that she changes Captains every' trip, but perhup-i it is only suilur talk. I hope wo shall havo no trouble, sir.' Ho sidled away in a half -ashamed manner, and ull bauds, or all who were of any uee, ut once begun warping tho ship out, and before noon wo wero on our wuy out. After wo wero fairly off, the men began to kuook themselves togother, the Captuin and second mate noted like different men, nnd when tho watohes. were set, I had forgotten the words dropped t.y Mr. Anderson. He was a thorough sailor and lull of discipline, and ono would havo judged by his face that ho had great force of oharuotor. Nothing ocourred to creuto an nlarm for three days. Then, one night dur.ng my watch, a man in tlio Captain's -vuich, who was below, cumo ou deck and said to me: ' Mr. Temule. it » u*t be that wo havo a stowaway abourd. Wehave heard groansand r-ighs and sobs for tho last two nights, and some of the men declare the ship is haunted. Thero comes tho watch, sir, driven out by the noises. Won't you please niako a tcuroh ?' It was true- that every man in tho Captnin's watch bad tumbled up, and I knew that they ma-t be badly frightened to thus exhibit themselves. I took a long look nt the weather, saw that everything whs fair and then desceudeded to tho forecastle alone. Not u man dured to fullnw me down there. I wasn't oven nervous. If thero were groans uud cries, they roubt como from some poor devil who had secreted himself in tho hold, aud who w .8 now ill and starving-. I had only reached the foot of tho ladder when I felt tho touoh of un icy bund on my face, nnd next inBtant my hair wus on end. Some ouo wus sighing, grouninjr, and weeping. The sounds did not. curoe from any ono direction. At -'U0 moment they Beomed to come from tho very eyes of tho ship, nud the next they were beard at the bulkhead whioh divided the place from the hold. 1 felt too, all tho time as if somebody was moving about me, und I put up my hund to prevent my throat being clutched. I frankly admit to you that I was *o»red, but I was determined not to show my feelings to tho men, uud us I went on deok again I carelessly said to them : ' Tho noifos come from tho hold. Some ono has stowed bimselt away, ana we U havo him out to-morrow.' I left it with them to go back or remain on deok, and not one of them, jut yet a man in my own watch, would go below until day light oame, when, strange to stay, tho noinoa died away. The Captain and Mr. Anderaun both sa.v that something was wrong as soon as they came on deok. The Captain received tho news very quiotly, asking a question now and then, and when I had finished he replied : ' Very well, sir. After tho men have had their breukfast we will tearah tbe hold. Wo had ono, but it was fruitions of result. It was thorough enough , to convince us tbat no person was hidden away. Tho Captain had very littlo to nay, beemiug, ns I thought greatly distressed in mind, but I family brought Mr. Anderson over to agree with me that theno^os wero produced by the rubbing nf . tlifl . nnriro. though whv WO should not hoar them in the daytime as well I could not explain. Tho noises began about 0 o'clock tbo next night. Both Mr. Auderson and myself went down and listened to them, but we could not prevail upon the Captain to ucoompany up. Boforo 10 o'olook tho mon woro in suoh a stnto of trepidation that it was imposfiblo to stparato them to do duty, and an hour later, when I wont into tbo oubin to consult with the Captain, ho lookedat me in tho quoerest manner and i-nid : ' Mr. Temple, wo must go back to Liver pool. This ship is haunted, and if wo pursuo tho voyage wo aro lost.' With tbat ho burst into tears nnd wont off to bis stateroom, and looked, himselt in. It WflB a hard position to find myeolf in, for I now believed that tho Ouptain had gono daft, and tho pecorid mate wus so rattled that bis »dv'oi wai no good. J diterniinoil to hold th« sh p f n lor course, however, and sho wns pursuing it when, at 2 o clock in the morning, tho Oxptiiin suddenly runhed on deok and -prang overboard with a yell, and though wo aid tho fhip to and lowered a bout, wo found '.o truco of him.' I then put tho ship about md carried her into Liverpool, and it was ho laat voyage sho over made. — New Toak Sun. 