. The ,shadow. 1,. "I like the location," said Miss Patty Lockland., "Deelicious sea air, fine vlewand a bathing house attached to the premises. To be sure the house is small, but then the rent is proportionately low. The furniture is old-fashioned and scanty, but that makes no very great difference to me. I can easily hire what I want from Sibbesport. Girls, what do you think t" Lucy Barr, Miss Lochland's eldest niece, hesitated a little. SIsn't it rather dull, Aunt Patty 1" "Can't expect high carnivalin the country, my dear. We came hero for Dotty's health, not for society." Dotty hborelf--" short" for Dorothy clung close to Patty's arm.." Don'tyou think the sea makes an awful roaring, Aunt Patty I" whispered she. "It's the nature of the sea, my dear. Here, you Tfellow with the key," to a stunted, stout.built man who was attending the party over the premises, " you may tell the agent I'll take the plnce for one year." "Well, ma'am, just as you please," said Mhilo Renney, twisting his head mysteriously around. ," But it ain't every one as would care to take Shore Cottage." "Why not?" sharply demanded Miss Lockland. Renney . twisted his head still more soleminly. " I'm a poor, sse.faring man, ma'am,.with my livin' to get," said he, "anid it nain't for me to be a.runnin' down the folk's property. But the truth is the truth, and I ain't one to see folks imposed upon. No, that I ain't." "Man alive I why don't you speak outand have dlone with it?" said Miss Lockland, "What nails the property i Cellar damp?" "No'm. 'Taint that.' "Root leaky ?" "Pretty tol'able sound, so far's I know," grunted Rcnney. " Then what is there against the house ?" "Haunted, ma'nm I" said the sailor, dropping his voice to a sepulchral ca. denco. . "Fiddlesticks I" shrieked Miss Lockland. "Do you you take me fern baby or nursery maidP" "Every one'll tell you the same story, ma'am," doggedly persisted Milo. "Phe man as built the cottage had two wives, savin' the young ladies' presence, ma'am. One of.'em he okept ore, ani 't other lived in great style in the city. And the one as lived here died awful sudden. Folks say she sas poisoned. They buried her down in the cemetery beyond them evergreens-and she walks every moonlight eigt." '" Walks, does she l" said Miss Lockland, " I'll make her walk livelier than ever she did before if I come acrossone of her prome. nades." "Abh, but you never saw a ghost ma'am." " Did you ", demanded Miss Locklnnd, turning sharply upon him. " Many a time, ma'am, at the full of the moon, when I've been coming in with my fishing.smack, flutterin' past the empty windows, ma'am, till it has made my blood run cold." "Then you haven't the common sense I gave you credit for," said Miss Lockland. " And I ain't the only one as has seen the White .8 Shadow,. ma'am. There's old Ned Stapleton, ma'am-" "There, there," said Miss Lockland, Im. peratively.silencing him. "My girls' eyes are twice their regulation sine already. Tell the agent exactly what I sald-that I'll take Shore Cottage for a year. As for the ghosts, they turn out when I turn in, or I'll know the reason why. And there's one Indispat. able advantage in ghosts-they make rent cheap." And accordingly, just one week from that bright September afternoon, Miss Patty Lockland sat knitting by the twiligit ire In the low.celled drawing-room of Shore Cot. tage, whose windows looked out upon the trembling waves, with a red crescent moon hanging low in the horizon. "This is what I call snug," said Miss Patty, as Nora the red.armed maid.of-ll-work, brought in the tean-tray." "Do you think so, aunt?" said Dottie, shivering a little. "What a strange noise that is I I'm sure some one is tapping at the window." " It's only tihe trails of ivy growing around I that north casement, my lear," said Aunt Patty, calmly. "I must trim it to~morrow a little. It's picturesque, but inconvent. I ent." " Please, ma'am," said Nora, edging up closer to the table and the firelight, "is it true about the ghosts " 1 "It's only a pack of nonsense, Nora," said Miss Lockland, "and you're a goose for listen- I ing to it." . " But that was dreadful noises about tile place last night, mem,"'persisted Nora. S"Shutters creaking and old Ronny's dogs barking-.that's all," said i Mss Lock land. " Aunt Patty," cried Lucy, " what is'that white thing down under the hill! . It looks like an arm beckonlng I" '. " Mist, my dear, rising out of tie valley. "No, but the other whto 'tiing. Look I look I it's moving I'. Nora uttered an eldritch howl 'and got behind her mistress, Lucy and Dottle clung ' close together. ' "You geese " cried Aunt Patty, with a contagious peel of laughter, " It's old Ronny's white cow coming home to be b milked. Look for yourselves if you'don't t believe it." " Be the bones of the howly St. l'attick, t it's that and nothin' mnorol" said Nora. And slte went back to her kitchen with re- i nowed courage, while Lucy and D)otty con- . fessedi how foolishly credulous they had been. " Of course they are nossueh things as real t ghosts," said Lucy. It " Blt a person can't help being nervous," ( snidl Dotty. " You never would Ihave thouight of the 0 thing if it hadn't Lheen foreoid RIoney," snld G Aunt Patty. " I wish he i ed held his ridicu. t lolls to)nguo I" lut in tie middle of thle night Aunt PattyA herself was roused by a sounynld thlnt wnis neither creaking shutters, tapping ivy norr mic scuttling acress the floo, r beforu the rush of somne anvengig eat. " It's just like n irlon chain rattling in tll hall beyondl," said Aunt oatty, sitting op in hed, and turn. nlg back the frill of her nighl cop, froem her car, in order that shte might the beotier 1 sten. "There it goes again. I must look into this ti business." To sp ring out of bed and IIght her night. ivllmp woa the work of hbut one secod--tou wra, herself in the f,,hls ,ff a volllllninoll gray illlllea nn ldreissillggown was unothllr, and Mies Locklali bio,,nced oot into tue hall,. As shi, opedci tihe doiir tie drailgiht bilw out Ith olight, hut hv the .tarllghlt HI :ouII I se,, at tihe ,other cnI of Ithu elntry, a tall, white ilgure slowly advancinlg toward her. I " Who, are yoe ?" valori, sly lieemntei " VWhat kind of anlllt?l!r is [ iiht '" criedi linit i,rly a so,,iid greon ,ouhl heii ilicit. " ( I' I" uiahi Aont i'ttiy, "I m0eUU to bhl at thle, i,,,ttolm, ,of thil thhig." nd in'iead of rectreahtiin in i~n 'onyxs/ iof Iliid terror, is tihe eiu, lehi ral vIHsitIIILt vi. I dhnltly ex oacted nho wo ohi the Iho ,/,)lute slindt, e arced iral,,ht u to it,scilzd it A by tieihoidicrs, ii tl ,,ii oik it till iti tc!Lthi Intlhed in (It ]enl Y,( l ol the Irou (hll (I '' tcn'ito[ c,,e, n i lot , feliiw nhlee i" wrligghl e,,l ,,f Misn I'tli v's iron ,ans., " I klnw yl''," niItiI (lsH I'ulty, kll llkinig oi olr thie white wi with n deft imotion of ier 1 l!ft hlilow. "I've Hnen thIa red ahock of I Ihiur bulfor, I Yu'ro Millo IIIIcey's lhiest " Not until you tell me what all thIs mes queesding nonsense is for.!' " !',It was dad," reluctantly confessed the boy. "IIo mde me I He didn't wantother Shore Cottage to be let." ",And why not t No-you needn't squirm about-you can't get away. " Why not? :'7; soay, unless you prefer answering before a .2 maglitrate." . ":.;IA " Because, whined the boy, "theo cellar wasM handy to store away the whisky and tobacco the Lively NuacTy brought every three weeks.,:,: And dadI hehos a part share in the smog.I . i glin' business, and the ghost was the.only I thing to keep the folks away. Now, come I Lemme go, esy I" SYes, I'll let you go for to night," said r Aunt Patty, " But this Isn't the elnc ? the affair, by any means." . . "You wouldn't be so hard on poor folks, ,:t as to complain on usl" cried the boy. Dad'l?a most murder me." . ....... ? ' I'll do precisely as I please," m.sald, isg?,i Loekland. The next day she walked down:'to Milo t,'4 Renney!i fishing-cabin, and had a long. talk'i with him--the upshot of this was the' ghbot tt .. of Shore Cottage was finally exorcised. No I. more mysterious sights andsounds disturbedi ;:A the dwellers beneath its peaceful roof., Even;; Norn began, to go up and down the long!.,. entries at twilight .without a lamp, and I' Dotty's roses came back once more, while Lucy laughed at her former fear. But Aunt Loeklaned Mind ,ilo Renney kept their secret; .+f. The smuggling buesness had come to'an un;'.! tfiely end, and?hWt hlte-shaLdow-sad.waun-- '., - lsbed forever more. " n :': 