Facts Focnssed. The Banco Court baa granted a rule niti calling upon Frederick-Pinkstone to chow by what authority be claims to be lluycr of Cootamundra, it being ii!k-$.-. (ltnuL h'hue unieriaken municipal contracts, viz., advertisements and printing. The Supreme Court has refused a Chinaman who claimed to have lie'n naturalised in Vieto land in Sydney without payment of the poll-tax. Mr. W. H. Pmitk, tlje- Firet lord ol the Treasury, admits that there are undoubted dangers of aJSnropean war. A supposed bubliruoger named Burns, and known as "the liairy man," was attested between Annidaie and Grafton on Thursday. He attempted to shoot the arresting constables. Be is thought to be the notorious "Hiley." Mr. Justice a'Beckitt, of Victoria, has decided that ballot papers are informal when improperly marked, even although the intention of the voter may be evident. Mrs.Rappiport, the Melbourne Eociety woman, was before the City Court on Friday charged with a theft of jewellery. The case was dismissed on the ground that she was not responsible for her actions. A Victorian hotelbeeper named Bernard Sheridan has been arrested on suspicion of killing a woman by throning her out of a The New Zealand Government have placed a 4 per cent. £2,000,000 loan upon the London market. The mioimum is fixed at £96 10s, and tenders will be received np to Thursday next. The Victorian net Customs revenue for May was £220,727, an excess of £22,915 over the estimates. The election of three directors for the A.M.P. Society resulted in the return of Hesgrs. J. Littlejohn, J. Thomson, and B. J. King. The export of staple products of South Australia during the first four months of this year was to the value of i'l,635,671, being £609,479 in excess of the corresponding period of 1887. It is reported that Mr. John P. Sharkey has discovered and surveyed a line over the Blue Mountains which will cut off the big Zig-zag, and shorten the main line by nearly three miles. The line proposed by Mr. Sharkey presents no engineering difficulties, excepting a tunnel 1 mile 70 chains, and will have no heavier grade than 1 in 60. At the Penrith Police Court on Friday, Mary Small, of the Claremont "Ghost Mystery," was sent to Darlinghurst Gaol for six months for baring in her possession a portion of a heifer, the property of William Garner, reasonably supposed to have been stolen. The animal was a valuable heifer, and was highly prized by Mr. Garner. A man living with Small was remanded on a similar charge. The second meeting in the insolvency of Andrew Hardie M'Colloch, jun., was held Friday. Insolvent was sworn, but did not desire to amend his schedule or statement. An order waa made for the verification and filingof a supplementary schedule for 12 months, under rules 22 and 23, within ten days. Eight debts were proved and the meeting was adjourned to June 20. A woman named Margaret Sims was brutally outraged by a black trooper at Cattle Creek, near Roma (Q.), on Friday evening. The pet' petr&tor;, George Hubert, was arrested, victim of the outrage is a married woman with a large family. Hubert is a brother of Ned Hubert, a black tracker, who waB recently sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment for an aa saolton a young girl in the same locality. Mr. T. A. Strickland, of Manly and Sydney, was drowned on Sunday while returning from fishing outside the Heads. A rumour was prevalent in Sydney on Saturday that Mr. Ganett bad resigned his position as Minister for lands; but there waB no foundation whatever for the report. Forty thousand persons are said to have been present at the anti-Chinese demonstration on Saturday in Sydney. The action of -.the Government was upheld. . Two casks of beef, branded E, the stem sheets of a boat, and one of Holmes' distress signals have been found • on the beach at Lord Howe Island. The distress signal was burning when picked up. The Victorian land revenue for the 11 months ending May 31 last amounts to £561,700, or £38,000 in excess of lite estimates, and an increase as compared with the corresponding period of 1886-87 of £99,279. The Moscow Gazette says that in the event of England agreeing to the exclusion of Chinese immigrants from Australia, it will be to the interest of China to seek a friendship with Bossia. At a mass meeting in Hyde Park, London, on Saturday, a series of resolutions were passod strongly condemning the proposal in the English Local Government Bill for granting compensation to publicans whose, licenses may be revoked. 