Footlight Flashes. (Bt the 'Spectre.') Things wero unusually lively down in fort-street on Monday ni-lit, for a . -tre, a church, und a skating rink with bibe of Maoris, wero all going it as bard ' tbey could. By a strange accident Me three widely dissimilar establish ® (j almost adjoin each other, and 'll-ion, being sandwiched in between tho -0 haunts ot wicscaneP3, nas to nKnu Lj to hold its own. At least I havo jjten noticed that rnnnv of the comely nsidena bound for the Wesleyan Church wistfully into tho rink as they paEB gild sometimes when a pleasant youne Un cornea along they yield to tho temp foon and enter tha awfully fascinating uljce. Once irsido thoy glide round and ?Kind on things with wheels on th^ m, and Ire irretrievably lost to tbe church next loor. In thn way tbo good Wesleyan jsator's flee!: is thinning off terribly, and jj0 deacons of the church are much pcr ilexed sg to how to compete with the sin ind wickednet-s surrounding them The lesufcy of ;tho simple 'Wesleyan service is latirely spoilt by that wicked brass band fllhe rink, and it is found that the church ioir and organ get hopelessly _ licked Irhen they attempt to compete with the ink band. ^ ^ 9 When I found myself in York-street the otier night, I heard heavenly music inter mingled with devilish yells, and after I had sufficiently recovered to be able to sort ont tuo two sounds, I found that the music came from the church and the yellB from the rink, where the Maori tribe was indulging in a littlo peaceful conversation. At any rate, Mr. Wyburd, who manages the Crystal Palace, said so ; and of courso I believed him I soon got tired of watch ing the Maoris, whose performance chiefly consists of wild leaps and frantic yells, with an occasional period of sanity thrown in, all gone through to the tune_ of a candle-box drum. At least, that is tbe «nly name which I can think of for the instrument of torture which has _ been most cruelly entrusted to the keeping of one of the tribe. The box is covered with a Bheet of parchment, and on thiB the man tnamps at uncertain intervals ; and then the female members of the tribe get up and twist themselves about, whilst the males look on and pretend to be enjoying the fan. ? ? ? I then thought I would give the show next door a look in, as although I am not ajaally great on churches, still I hoped in my ignorance that a few lines of criticaj commendation coming from suoh a recog nised authority might very properly be given to the Wesleyan choir, who3« efforts really P'U'id d very nice from the outside Besides I b-li- ved that the adoption of this toarse might lead to the establishment of more friendly relations between religion and sport, and thus aid In bringing about the salvation of many unregenerate racing nea. I was prompt'd to this action by the recollection of a sermon on racing, de lire red the other Sunday in Sydney, when the preacher expressed a fervent desire to Christianise horsoracing, and I really wanted to help him. ? » ? The heaven-pent genius who designed the Wesleyan Church evidently considered that he ought to place it as near heaven as he could, so he put tho church at the top or the bnt.lding ana gave up rne lower part to Mammon. At laat I reached the church door, where I was mot by a nice T.M.C.A. kind of young man. I asked him if he looked after the front of the hou-e, buthedidnot seem to understand. ''Well, who is the business manager ?' He looked at me in amazement for a moment, and then he replied, ' We haven't got any business uiarnger here, but the Sunday Bchool superintendent is inside if you would like to seo him.' I said_ no, it didn't matter, but I would go inside and havo a look at the show for myself. Then he blocked me, and nsked who I was, any way. ' The Spectra,' I said, in my most Bolemn tonep. 'Whose ghost.' he queried, not comprehending my exalted position, for the poor youDg man in his itrnorance had probably never rend the Befeb«e. All explanation was hopeless against such ignorance, and T bad to abandon my desire to criticise church music. Almost next door I found the Opera House crowded with a gay and fashion able asEemblw, who wero endeavouring to appear amused at the performance of the Southorn Amateur Theatrical Society. This iB the first time thia company has put ill on appearance on tho hoards, and they showed laudable ambition in taking the Opera House. l'ho programme consisted of Boots at the Swan and The Crimson Scarf, a comic opera by J. E- Legouix. Both pieces were eot through without any seriouB mishaps, and I Eupposo that was about all whioh could bo expected. ? ? ? The extravagant career of that wildly impossible man- servant The Butler, as humourously depicted by Mr. Q-. W. Anson, ia at last drawing to a close, and in a few more days he will kiss the cook for the last time and fade away into an obscurity which I trust no one will ever be enterpris ing enough to disturb. The Sydney play goers can bear the loss of The Butler with equanimity, for 'do you know' who is^ to follow ? No other than tho real and origi nal Frank Thornton, who has just oome out from home, armed with his umbrella and goloshes, not forgetting the bottle of milk and the bun. It is like bapking a certainty to predict that the Private Secre tary, which is to be staged at tho Criterion on Saturday, will bo a bigger success than it ever was a oniple of y«ar3 ago, especi ally as Mr. H. K Harwood ia to resume his old part in the piece. ? . ? ? The season of Miss Swain at tho Eoyal draws rapidly to a close, and by way of saying farewell,! the telegraph pole and tank piece, generally known as The Tom was staged on Saturday for n few nights only. Miss Swain is always a fa vourite as tho Tomboy, perhaps because the ple^i gives her a greater ohanoo of iiaplayii^ hor versatility than any of the others in hoi' repertoire. To-night tho ^Titter's Daughter is to bo put on, and on Friday night Miaa Swain is to take her farewell benefit. ' * * * ' Iah dot so P' ' Ya, meinheer, dot vbos so.' Whenever you spo these phrases lying loose all around the town, and hear them in everybody's njouth, you can bet Jour boots that the Williamsons _ and 8 truck Oil are not far away. So it is in we present casor for on Saturday night thia perennial and .oVer:,Bucc(e|8fal drama will re-appeat again' iifc' the Boy^l, atid the publio will flock in orowds, as of yoro, to . laugh over the adventures of John Stofel and his merry daughter, Lizzie. It js three years since the piece waa revived in 8ydney, and after suoh a long rest the play should take bettor than ever. The humorous farce called the Chinese Question will also be revived. ? ? ?- That specimen of Eastern indolence grafted on to Western civilisation, The Bajah, still continues to pursue his placid way at Her Majesty's, amidst the glamour of beautiful- soenery and lovely maidens, not to mention flowing brooks, green foliage, and many other nice things. The piece is a charming little comedy, which only rises to the height of serious drama in tho fourth act, where the most powerful scene of the whole piece takes place. Mies Bishop, charmingly arrayed in pink, has a chance given her to display some real dramatic talent in this scene, and she makes tho most of it; whilst Bignold, as the Bajah, develops quite an unaccus tomed energy in hia dealings with tho mutinous t'xagin. But it seems to me that the dramatist made a serious' mistake in not bringing the pieoe to a conclusion immediately after the Rijah and Gladys Wyncott have plighted their troth, for here the whole of tbe dramatic interest in. the scene ends. The other people are com ptratively uninteresting, aad it does not matter much to the audience whether they are marriod off happily or not, as long as the two leading figures, the Bajah and Gkdyp, have successfully settled all their little differences. The glamout of the gubernatorial presence was thrown over this piec-- on Saturday night, and as a conpequence, the moneyed aristocraoy rolled up to an unusual extent. ? - ? * One of the most noticeable features about the play is Bignold's acting as the Bajih, for. somehow he manages to com bine the most fully developed languor and indolence of the Oriental with the'stolidity and fixity of purpose of the Englishman. He makes a pnrfeot Anglo-Indian, and his 'y-a-a-s,' whioh usually extends over about half an aot, is quite a revelation in itself. And this reminds me of acuriouB wager . wbioh was made the other night be tween two well-known habitues at Her Majesty's. There were several of us stand ing together in tho : oirole, all deadheads, when all at once the Bajah, who had teen silent for a few minutes, commenced to say ' Y-a-a-«.' ? ? ? A discussion arose amongst the party in the cirole aa to how long it would take Rignold to get through the word. Opinions differed muoh, but at last one of the party more daring than the rest offered to bet drinks that there: would be time to go out and imbibe before Bignold finished. The bet was promptly taken up, and aa no one raiped an objection, a visit was paid to the conveniently adjacent bar of Her Maj'flty's. The party had by this time increased to about a dozen, and the drinks took sometime to serve j but at last every one had had their little toothful, and we all returned, not in haste, bnt quietly and steadily, as became sedate pre B3men. The word, wo found, had made good progress during our absence, for Bignold had just commenced to pronounce the first ' a,' and so wo all, being by this time jovially inclined, adjourned again, on this ocoosion walking round the block as far as _ tho Metropolitan. I forget how many drinks we had. but I know that I smoked t.wo or three oigars, and then we. strolled back to oee how the play was getting on. Kate Bishop was still seated in the same place, and the brook was running on aa ever, and Bignold, we were surprised to find, bid just got as far as the last letter of the y-a-a s. He pulled up soon after in splen did form having with no apparent exer tion beaten all previous dramatic records. ? a ? The great, the only Harry BickardB is once more amongst us, and the heart of young Australia in the Hav ma»ket is glad. Harry — I beg his pardon, ''Airy haa succeeded in squeezing hip company (nearly identical with the one he brouehtlnst time) into the Haymarket Music Hall, where on Monday evening it threw out its chest and burst upon ug in a p- rfeot avalanohe of melody and fun, and generally did its best to prevent any tribute* in the shape of bricks or beer bottles being dispensed by the large audi ence whioh turned uo to see it. ' Arry is a ffood m«n in a certain way. but he can't sing pentimental songs or give a ' grand dramatio impersonation ' worth a cent-, so if he'll take the advice of a Spectre who hni been through the mill and had flat iri n» thrown at him himself, he'll keep to character songs, in which he's undoubtedly clever, and not warble sentimental plati tudes in a faultless dress suit, au opera hat, and rather questionable English. H''s certainly fnnny in- both, but the latter for creating a smile can give tho former points. His company includes Mr. Fred. Davys, a very fair average dialeet ae*or, who does the inevitable Irish busi ness and scores a wheeze occasionally; Miss Georgie Davoe, who fetches muaic out of a mandoline andmetalaphoneand assists Pro'eppor Ferris iu manipulating a re markably olever marionette show; Miss Marion Constance, who skip3 aud acts ; MisB Katio St. Laurence, who has a very creditable pair of lungp, whioh are a little too powerful for her voice, but who, nevertheless, sang ' Hirdlv ! What say you?' and ' Dainty Darlinrr,' well enough to get an encore ; Miss Kate Leete. who looks nice and sings ' The Girls and the Boys ;' Miss Ada Delroy, described in the bill as the cham pion lady step-dancer of the world, whose sintring would be bettor if she didn't wabble it. about so much, and whose skip ping and dancing is very graceful and olever; Mr. Jai. Bell, who plays the banjo excellently and whose dry humour is light and amusing, and Mr. Woodhead, the mnsical marvel, who busies himself pretty considerably over a harp, a ooncertina, an unlimited supply of drums, bells, cymbal', and suoh for five minutes or so. Mr. Woodhead is smart and olever but (I sup pose I've got no taste) I don't like his music. It's too muon of the Salvation sohool ti agree with me. The entertain ment on Monday, which is to be carried out during the week, concluded with a funny faroe by Mr. J. Bell, called A Southern Court of Justice. ? ? ? The Alhambra Music Hall, in spite of the arrival of Harry Biokards and the attraction at the opposition show, was filled as usual on Monday night, when a new programme was submitted to a good natured audiencr. The show commenced with the usual oirole business, and after ten minutes' interval a vory amusing olio was waded through. The Cottiers did a comio aot, 'To bo There,' well. A1F. ?Tames fetched the gods with his songs, ' T'd Havo Dene It' and ' Little Brother Bill,' and aftor being recalled with evident signs of approval, threw ' Killaloe' at them and quieted them. The Bovis Brothers were funny as ' The Two M em bers of tho Munioipal Council.' Devere and Oikes in an entirely new musical eketo*1 scored one. Delowory, Craydon, and Holland, 'The Australian Team,' wero aa amusing as over ; and Miss Letty Levyne sang her song, 'The Little Coquette.' very creditably. The whole concluded with a farce, hove ia Kitchen, which sent the audience away smiling. ? ? ? That charming young lady Miss Ade laide Detohon has been the cause of serious trouble in a lot of Sydney house holds lately, for last week many hundreds of people were, it ia said, turned aw*y from the doors of the Y.M.C.A., and the™ people, of course, went home and made the fives, of] their friends and families wrotcfied, until at laat manager Liddy, 'itt' jorder .to'l avoid' 'bloodshed, had to arrange for' another series of per-; formances in the Gaiety Theatre thin week The occurrence is perhaps un equalled in the annals of the Y.M.C.A), for I havo never before heard of anyone being turned away from the doors of that building. Any way, Miss Detchon suc ceeded iu making herself quite at home in the G»i°ty, the stage of wbioh she converted, with cunning art, into quite a charming little bower. Look ing in the other night, I could hardly realise thiit thia was the old Gaiety Theatre, so completely had tbe appearance of the stage been changed. Fairy lamps, ferns, flowers, and decorations of all kinds are freely u^ed. and iu the midst of all this luxury Misa Detchon makes a charming picture, worthy of the exquisite framo in- whioh it is Ret. There aro yet two nights more this week on which Miss Detchon can bo seen, Thursday and Friday. # # * The lovers of opera, whether bouffe or any other kind, will be glad toj hear that' Mirs Dora Wiley, whose singing haa been so deservedly popular at the| Criterion Sunday concerts, will appear in opera at the G-iiety Theatre on the 1st of the month. A first class company has been engaged, and nothing, save perhips an earthquake or a cyclone, seems to stand in the way of the new show. # ? ? Regarding Mr. Miln'a production of Damon and Pythias, the Brisbane Boomeba.no says that Mr. Miln'a acting a? Uiinod wna worthy of the great tragedian's best efforts. ? ? ? D'.Arcy Stinfield'a burlesque company made their firat appearance at the Bris bane G-iiety on Monday last in the bur lesque Little Monte Christo. The company includes Mi-a Amy Horton, Mirs Kate Lurell, Mr C. Lester, and other favourites^ ; and apparently there ia every chance of their playing a successful season. 