J Í^CAÍTÑEWS: TO- r>.">" PMÎADE-On Saturday last the WHOM DAYS IARADE. VU tli«. lfh Reui ^TÜ TA¿7SrnOy ÄÄ mont or voinntu-i im« j. rp"t a3 a gathering spot^S^Ä^üfiLtond. cantes Most of the companies tiAollod to The men had to provide their o*n naas. On Win^ at Newcastle they were receive by the ocal men. and after inspection the Ittalion marched, preceded by their band »Arg« of Mr Barkel, the bandmaster, to Clicttstown. Hew they were put through a large nïber of manouvres. The parade in tkeaftcrnoon,|vcver, Zs greXinterfired with by a heavy atol The men were marched back to Nowe.«tto j¡jnd d|ssed many of them wet through, notwithstaucfc the of Mr W G. Smith, Camngton-street, llo&hoe; Bend,'had a marvellous escape from Bcriousâury on Sunday. The child was playing on the b*ny, and1 had climbed on to the railing, when si fcd deuly slip pod and fell to the-footpath beX . distance of seventeen feet. When picked uj/ little one appeared to be unhurt, and ujfflU medical man being called an he corroboratec| . ÍTOSESS " LXGHTNINO.-A correa dent writes: During the heavy thunders! last Sunday evening, a valuable mare belongil! Mr O. G. Steel, of Wallsend, was struck by lit Din'» and killed on the spot, at the residence Walter Paviour, Nulla Nulla. ¿, SUPERIOR PUBLIC SCHOOL.-From our adver((. inn columns it will bo seen that an exhibition . pupils' work and prúe distribution will take pl|.|, in tho Superior Public School, m Elgin-streetJÄ Wednesday night next, 19th instant, to which O parents and friends of the children are "mta| The exhibition will consist of needlework, mappiS ornamental writing, and drawing. The Mayo&fi; West Maitland will distribute the prizes and VA versity certificates. . 4¡( RATHER DARINO-OU Thursday evening 1, ^ Mr. W. Howell, manager of the bank of New Sot . Wales, was informed by some members of family that an intruder in the form of a bis snake was upon the premises. Mr. Howell at or went in quest of tho unexpected visitor, and sr enough he found and quickly dispatched a ena measuring three feet four inches in length. T, : enake had managed to get into some of the oi < buildings before he was sighted. HISCOCKS AND FBIEDKAN'S SPECIALTY COSITAN -Our readers will observe elsewhere an advert« raent announcing the appearance of this compai at the Adelphi Hall, West Maitland, next Satunli evening. The company has been playing for lengthened season in Sjduey, and it includes sor first-class artists in the singing, dancing, at acrobatic lines. Conspicuous praise in the pre notices is given to Mr. Arthur Sullivan and Mi , Ethel Silvena, who present a transitional characti entertainment; and the Borani Brotheis, contoi tionists, Mr. Hugh Dempsey, and Miss Lily Laun are mentioned with great approbation. The con pany includes some old Maitland favorites, cleve in negro eccentricities, but for the most part con ,. sists of members who' have been carefully selecto In England by Mr. Friedman, and who contribuí attractive novelties to the entertainment. AQUATICS.-On Saturday afternoon about 15 spectators assembled on the river banks, at the rea of Mr. John Mayo's residence, East Maitland, t witness a sculling match in stump-ontriggors ' between R. D. Brown and John Crimp for a Xli trophy. The distance was about three miles, wit a turn round two buoys moored near the centre c' v ¿he river. Both men »ppearedin very^.-conditio | when they drew up to the starting point, ^d oacl j. was stripped to the buff. Crimp was a decided favourite at a slight shade of odds. Very little time wftB lost, and Mr. John James sent them away evenly. Crimp's boat was the first to move, and in a few seconds he was a couple of feet ahead, but Brown gripped the water well, and when they had rowed fifty yards he had changed positions, and as he kept straight ahead on the best course he main- tained his advantage, although Crimp was pulling the faster stroke. Crimp had won the toss, and this gave him the best berth rounding the first point, and the men were level going out of sight, but Brown confidently looked across at him several (, times. It was a good race to the buoys, but when they got fairly round on the stretch home, Brown drew away, and from that out kept in front, and won by about twenty lengths, no time being taken, lhere was some talk by Criuip afterwards of protesting on account of the boats being altered, but nothing came of it. ACCIDENT AT CHURCH-BTREET STATION.-Yester- day forenoon a young man named Thomas Tracey, engaged as a clerk at tho Church-street railway station, met with an accident which might in less fortunate circumstances have onded in his death. It seems that Tracey was about to give the driver of the eleven o'clock "pickup" train his staff ticket, and as the engine was shunting the young fellow proceeded to make his way along the trucks to it. When mounting one of the trucks Tracey'a j foot slipped on the platform of it, which waa greasy, and his right foot got between the spokes of the wheel. Fortunately he had tho preaence of mind to throw himself backwards, and thus disen- gaged his leg, but not before his foot was crushed. When he reached a seat he coolly cut the lace of his strong boots, which probably saved his foot in great measure, and then discovered that his large too was smashed, and the foot lacerated. He was im- mediately removed to his residence, and Dr. Pierce called in, and, after he had operated on the injured member, loft Tracey getting on comfortably. MB. GEO. 0. MILK AS HAMLET.-Last evening, the above celebrated actor, supported by a good company, opened for a short season of two nights at the Adelphi Theatre. There was a fair audience, the cheaper parts of the house being filled-indeed, the back seats were over crowded, and additional chairs had to be laid along the sidos. But the reserved chairs in front were only sparsely filled. We are writing after having only seen a very small portion of the play, but quite sufficient to give an example of Mr. Miln's great histrionic power. The impersonation of the title role by Mr. Mun was most vivid and vigorous, and given with an emotion that showed that the actor s personality was quite lost in the re- markable character that he was pourtrayins. His interview with his father's ghost and his determin- ation to revenge his most unnatural murder was produced with a force that carried the audience with him, it was so realistic. Mr. J. P. West repre- sented the King of Denmark. Mr. Weat is an old favourite, his accomplishments are well known, and toe character in his hands was well rendered. Miss Kate Douglas made a very pretty and welcome representation of Hamlet's hapless love. The other characters were well supported, but we have- no time to refer further to them or even the leading members of the company in f;:":^ ,W° mjght here state that the company were well received. The play was ex- cellently mounted, and the whole of thLrrauge jnents were well carried out. To-night will be the last opportunity of the people of Maitknd seein« Mr. Mun, when the great play of Richelieu will be produced, he taking the character of thecelebrated Cardinal. Wo can cordially recommend the per RETURN OF SEARLE AND MATTEUSON.-A num- ber of persons interested in boating assembled on Thursday evening at Brisbane to bid farewell to Searle and Mattcrson whose healths were enthusi aaticaUy drunk. Both briefly responded, and in referring to the recent foul reiterated theidenuU that it was intentional. The denial was received with applause. Searle said he was open to row any man jn the world on any water for XlOOOa-sMo ?Mntte£d | Seea^8ChaUengC to w BeactCia FOR THB OVERWORKED BBAIJT USE HORSPORD'S ACID PROSÍGATE over-study m clergymen, and others." 7138 dGARBTTES (SOMETHING NEW) -DlXSOn's No1 ported), Jwly Bird (second quality) all made bv rat MflSÄe<"«ng American factories. Out SZ,?^ ?& r hîur- ^ handling, dirt, dust, and 