.0Prenmatsiro:1es_ ial. A Singular Case Wlich Occurred in Paris. Another case of Prematiure. burial worthy of being analysed in the realistic manner of Zola .has occurred in-France. An -elderly woman.,who lived at an, Old World place called St. Onei La lRoueiie .recently fell ill and, as her friends thought, died. Thd funeral took place, and as thd:e ivde digger was preparing to lower the collin into the earth hie heard moans issuing from insidd the lugubrious fourboards inclosing the presmined corpse. Then followed a scene which was an exact counterpart of what occurred about' twelve months ago in another rural part of France. The grave digger; half frightened of-the probable ghost.which his imagination conjured up and partly aowed by, the require ments enacted by the law' in. circumstances such as those in which he found himself placed, left the coffin in the careof tlhe mourners and went off with his somber story to M. le OMaire. That. rural dignitary, having duly donned his scarf of office and summonid the village doctor, proceeded to. the local " God's acre." The coffin was opened, and it was discovered thatthe woman had just died from fright, haviig awakened from an trance to find herself hemmed in between the terrible deal planks. When horrible. scenes.like this ard'repeated it is: time for the authorities and public at :large to take into consideration the invention of the ingenious utidertaker who has adopted as his motto, "No more premature, burials." . This practical person offers'to supply to all cases of doubtful'death an apparatus by means of which those who may have hadthe' mis fortune- to be buried alive maynot only inhale fresh air on. their. awakening, bnt also communicate by signal with the ~ orld which has left them for dead. , . Dr. S. P. Necklevitch has recently died at Loeki, in the Novogrudsky District, Riussia, in his 109th year. His death occurred quiet suddenly, as, about a quarter of an hour earlier, hIe wrote a prescription for one of his patients. The Chinese are entering the English look market as purehasers of their own litera ture; and it is said that Chinese works are constantly sent back to China, the sale?eing suflicient to encourage this. There were 60,036 births in Paris last year. There were 57,092 deaths during the same period, of which more than 10,000 were due to pulmonary diseases. One can scarcely credit the 'fact that: the result of a collection from a large and well-dressed conmregation at Canterbury Ca thedral, England;.recentlyi was only 14s,:, ::? ? ". " ' : " ? "? - .: :?:°- :.: :: 