AS YOU LIKE IT. | -? "Ay, marry, now unmuzzle your wisdom." Rosalind. When Hamlet told Horatio and Marcellus, summarising the revelations made to him by his father's , ghost- , ft d1 (a There's never a villain dwelling in all Denmark, But he's an arrant knave," Horatio, with rather frigid sententiousness, observed " There needs no ghost, my lord, come from the grave To tell us this." The same observation might be made upon the effectiveness of wire fencing as the best method of combatting the rabbit pest in New Zealand, which appears to have been revealed to Mr. Garrett during his recent stay in that colony. No one, perhaps, among the advocates of wire-proof fencing' has ever ventured to claim for that process absolute success as an obstacle to the invading hordes ; but it has been proved to be the best-known obstacle. The evidence on this branch of the rabbit question was and is overwhelming, and nobody but an irreclaimable idiot or heretic will attempt to controvert it. More than a year ago, in this column, tho doctrine of many experienced friends was preached. "Fence off the Borders" was the short and urgent appeal made to our newspaper- reading Government, and specially to Mr. Abigail. But the Government only knocked the flockmasters from pillar to post, and, between Mr. Abigail and Mr. Garrett, they have had as had a time as the professional rabbiters have had a good one. After the criminal waste of an entire year, Government has at length awoke, and rubbing its departmental eyes, now tells us that contracts have been made for these fences, which will, perhaps, be completed by March, 1889. So that what would a year ago have been an invaluable block against the swarms moving on our richer pastures from the great South Australian warren will now have the effect of circumscribing them in the very best of covers for the purposes of "Centennial" propagation, to be tempered (or at least regulated) by Pasteur's Devil Broth, * v * * * The stories that one hears, in so many places, about the so-called " indignity " which the Celebration Commissioners are said to have inflicted on the Queen's Navy in these waters, and the wrath of the Admiral and his officers consequent thereon, are probably ox aggregations. It certainly has to be admitted that the Commissioners who could find a place on their State Banquet toast list for the " ladies " might, with a little ingenuity, have found one for that particular branch of the Queen's service which has earned such a splendid popularity throughout the Australian colonies. So far, however, as the Royal Navy is concerned, if the historiographer of the future cares to derive his facts from the reported speeches delivered at that great achievement of vice-regal commensality, he will record that in the year 1888 there could have been no British men-of-war on the Australian station. And if he have anything like the genius of the author of " Oceana," he would point out that the absence of British men-of-war had been thought so grave a matter by the various Australasian Legislatures that they passed con- currently an Act to ensure their presence by the inducement of a money subsidy paid to the Imperial Government Considerations like those seem to show that though it may sometimes be convenient for a Government to put its obligations as a host into commission, yet a general superintendence of the commissioners ought to be carried out. Boards are not good at executive functions, as a rule. * * * * It has been said that the civilisation of a nation may he gauged by its treatment of its women. If the saying be true, I fear that even in our hundred and first year we cannot congratulate ourselves upon having arrived at a high pitch of civilisation in New South Wales. If there be one thing that is remarkable about the late centennial or centenary festivities. it is our persistent refusal to recognise the existence of the ladies. Mr. D. O'Connor, of course, as in duty bound, said many things about them of a highly complimentary nature ; but I fear that it must be admitted, with all due inspect to the memory of Pericles and Julius Caesar, that much that he said was neither now nor true. The world was not made what it is by women I am indeed sorry to have to say that in what they did or left undone the men of old time paid but little of that respect to the opinions of their better halves which gave notice as almost universal among civilised nations to-day. But the expression of this opinion, which might at first sight appear to be ungallant, is an admission that the woman of to-day do exercise an important influence upon the fate of nations. Up to eight or ten years of age I know not at what period the modern Australian youth breaks away from the apron string she has the whole of the real education and influence of the nation, and I suspect that, many of us to-day are what our mothers and nurses rather than what our schoolmasters and pro- fessors made us. And (I speak of the average and not the superior man we don't stay away from the apron string long. In a very few years we come back willingly enough, and remain more or less bound to it during the rest of our natural lives. But somehow during the late celebrations we have left this fact altogether out of sight, and our women have been treated on an Oriental principle. "We have done all the cen terracing, and they have been expected to be content to only look on. * a * a * Harbour illuminations, unveiling the Queen's statue, the dedication of the Centennial Park, the laying of foundation stones and the like we cannot of course prevent them from, attending. But it has been assumed that we must leave them out of banquets and other festivities involving speechmaking and profuse refresh- ment, and yet it seems to me that we might without objection have instituted a new or partially now, for there are signs of a change at home-method at this season. Why are women shut out from all banquets, or * relegated to a gallery ? Is it that we fear that they should take notice of the number of dishes and glasses of wine that we drink ? Do we fear criticism in our moments of after-dinner exhilaration ? If so, my friends, the sooner we invite their presence the better. A cynical friend of mine offers the explanation that at Centennial and other free banquets it doesn't matter whether ladies are present or not, but that these would be made a rare colour for others Then we should have to pay for tickets for our wives, sisters, and daughters. For myself, I am inclined to think that our persistence represent irVothods may be intended as a protest against the new fashion also intended as a protest-of those funds, meetings, exhibitions of industries, and the like, from which the ladies have of late been excluding ourselves, * * * * * At the risk of wearying my readers I will devote another short paragraph to the late Centennial festivities. The opportunity of thus afflicting people occurs seldom, enough and may not come to me again. And there is one aspect of the event which is worth noting; I mean the debt of gratitude which many of your visitors owe to us for introduiSinr/ to them in the characters friends many whom they have hitherto, known as acquaintances only. Undoubtedly, one consequence of the festival has been a throwing off, on the part of many of our visitors, of 'the mask of respect- ante austerity which they have been accustomed to wear in their own colonies. Many who have been hitherto regarded as patterns of unapproachable virtue have turned out to be quite decently liable to human frailties. Solemnity has become jocular; temperance has ceased to mean abstinence ; propriety has enjoyed contes dramatique and meeting -'in a strange colony armed neutrals have become quite opened-armed. It is strange to think that you may meet a man, and still more a woman - every day for twenty years, and never come to know the real human being at all; until suddenly at a strange hotel, on board a steamer, over it may be in a railway carriage, yrs find that you have been losing a thoroughly sympathetic companion. First impressions are generally wrong. We attribute disagreeable qualities to a man. We don't like him, and he -know in it he can't help feeling it j the quills of the fretful human porcupine begin to stick cut ; more truly I might say he rolls himself up like a hedgehog whenever he meets us. But on occasions like this centenary we catch the hedgehog off his guard and find that there are sides of his character which are not all prickles. I am quite sure that one enduring result of our conversation will be a life-long kindly feeling between many who have cordially hated one another for perhaps a score of years. *-*?.* I should be presumptuous if I attempted to do more than in a humble strain, say a word about one or two paragraphs of Mr. L. Fane de Salis's letter on the " Centenary-Centennial " controversy, which was published in the Herald a few days back. Sir Alfred Stephen is the proper person to authoritatively demolish (the De Salinn heresies, beginning at the opening fallacy and ending with that queer concert about the Invincible Armada. But the third paragraph is too rich in blunders to be handed. over to Sir Alfred. Any schoolboy must smile as he is told that centenary bears the " same relation to continue (100) (sic) that primaries, Sinapius, sonars, We, have to primus, lines, sends, denies, me, the formal but yet classical way of counting (sic) among the Romans." The idea of a Roman counting in dis _ tributives, and not numerals, is really original. Even a " Nuswalian " lower form boy knows better ; while to the " barbarians who shorten the second syllable of centenary," the references to birds, songs, and downs will come with something like a jar to the nervous system. As to Mr. de Salis's friend of academic distinction who suggested " contiversary," upon the supposed analogy of " anniversary," he ought to be distinguished by extradition to the place where Orolli used to send Poerlkamp and other commentators who proposed idiotic emendations of Horace. Mr. de Salis proposes to postpone the settlement of this controversy to the "toreentiversary" (I suppose) of the defeat of the Armada. This is quite unnecessary. Most people of adequate judgment have already decided that " centenary" is the right word to use when the epoch itself is referred to, and " centennial" when a qualifying adjective is wanted ; as when one asks fora" centennial pill " to quell gastric insubordination developed by the " centenary." * "* * * * "Enquirer," in Wednesday's Herald, writing about Volapuk, has done good service by showing the process which underlies the modem manufacture of a language intended to supersede English, French, German, and all other complex and unscientific tongues. In doing this good service he corrects me, and therefore puts me under a deep obligation. . In future I shall be particularly cautious in saying anything about the universal language. If I rightly understand my corrector, Volapuk = " Of the world, speech," or " universal language." Now let us take the compound to bits like philologists. First of all (I am trying to follow " Enquirer "), vote the genitive of vol, is the result of turning the initial of " World" into a V (German fashion), then omitting the "r, as is always the case [I am quoting " Enquirer"], and leaving out the final consonant (d)." Now come to pick. Puk, though you might not think it is simply in English " speech." And the modus operandi, according to " Enquirer," is-Drop the initial " s" first of all then, instead of " so," substitute " v," or rather "in" (which, of course, is nothing but " v" on its best behaviour) ; finally, convert " oh" into the guttural " k," and there you are " Speech" has been changed into " park," and " World's Speech is presented to us deliciously recharged as " Volapuk." When I was a small boy a dear old pedagogue (now no more was wont, in his less serious moods, which were rather rare, to describe (perhaps everybody knows the instance) how " Cucumber " was lineally descended from 'a King Jeremiah." I think the descent ran thus: King Jeremiah-Joremiah lung-Jorriking-Jorking \- Gherkin - Cucumber. I used to think that verbal pedigree a joke, but I don't now. * a * a * But, what perhaps is of more importance, I now seem to understand "how the Confusion of: Tongues came about. The Tower of Babel is a profound allegorical truth, after all. And were it not for Genesis, chapter 4. verses 0-8, where we are told how the inhabitants of Babel, who spoke one language (the whole earth then talked Vola- park) and built a very tall observatory, were scattered abroad upon the face of all the earth," I, like " Enquirer might, peradventure, believe in a universal language. As things are, and as history teaches, I don't It is not that I should so much object to being " scattered abroad," if I talked and wrote Volapuk ; but to be scattered abroad upon the face of all the earth is not encouraging and according to scripture, that is what the Volapükstrians ought to expect T. J. 