piir' (By ?? N tat tile foot ') 'air w.Hiit'-r- Chinch. „,t (I - A reliable limc-tuker. )-;,??! iivlioa will tnv-jo things merry sbott'.V. ron„ O'l-ioipionship.'— E*it Turner : .MV ir]j.. Wvi ri li-in taken the Wheatabeuf ,iu U 'TgH- street. j Wil i'« n uot, jCIO through putting Jiiwri nt Kotai.y. ? uoi.'f. II.) .ikV.,/7 f-.nn nna.. oae.'.t t'lCfi.- Q'li! .inyp. (Iuckv fj ?U'n bad W. A. Gray in f, r . in- XlOO humiiciip. , ea,l njo'i ' ?-- 'k * fancy to .Toe Scott ,onKMt Ii' cl'ippniioycH on him. 1:jl- l.Ciinar l r.in much butter ut ,j iiwii lie 'lid in tho Birthday ELin B| w!t, who bout Kennedy at B itnny pily.ii tlio uiaiviug of a ficeL-clasa IK'uiih, the Gympio ped, is most un luliv urtC ou ia the Consultation :o«P jjwitliWiite hns.not been seen about Lis at- to bo a goer for the Con li'cin. tlio ? It* -ui won is a swell of the first r ii,.#, »nd sports a two-etoiey h.ic. ini fur tt P p [. Mojre wanted someone to 'sfc.nd et.iii'ot his c-at' very badly at ?rlui 1 last Friday. ik L giw W'ldi- sure he had the joker ii s two nil Thursday, bus it only 3 our t - b-t the right bower. II'O iri ii-al, uecotdiug to the official r, r.tu a yard und a-half inside nt B 'trtny on Wednesday lust. B. -»miier is a thorough gentleman. iu n , un 0 iolte I Church, hn won the tv.h- r ibiiu put up a miserable no. ?jjjt mo.-s f-ir (Jariiagtou Consultation to-uiijiit Thedra-v tikes placi on rao.K to-morrow morning at lOo'clocn. f. II u.-s, the genial ^-crenaiy of tlio Sf lu. y Football Clun, nm on-' of jca't Imidle-racerB in Iriltnd a few biuk. t of t velve Carrington Handicaps tho ifavuirite - Kennedy — has only got on. '1. Whan a time the bookintkuia had. ii. r.u-hell and ['eddy HtllyarJ are lUfj fit For tlie Carrington Con :iu:i, line at Jiichwond, and tue othfn reistoin-. [In- lotiliiiitor was Jonly legal hen', !» Ii « ii it would be to baOkerB iu ai.il just aa uiaDy books would be on the linul. » is -ii, tlie 'o.vner' of Charlie ids, has started iu business aa c-jm. t and hairdresser, at the Crown ! ti m ;? riniuus. t-. LVuuiicks hus decided to etay in )!oi.i'Salucle longer, ns he tlimue rith tli.: starts he is getting, he will litl in pulling off a handicap before 1U-''»8. ly Wi.aon, the Victorian jumper, yron )0;J» Steeplechase at Penrith on day, off the lGyds mark. F. Woivland, ti'i, and ? nuthwaite filled the places, iui was US|ncc. -th- r mixed mi-eting is announced by o'.ii'ij pioprietary to tako place oa st 11. The evunta will bo the same aa -i, .^.,-MOjda aud 880yds, and Three IVrftkn g Llandioiip. a SheitUld iliindlcap at Thargo-, lb (Q | the wijiti s retuaed to compete st t. Iilaults, eo a rppcial race had 10 ? t up for the aboriginals!. Tl.ai In't tuit Uick S'.evehs. i llot.iuy oiiieials ought to placo a ;ua i out ide tue paliiiga at the right sid ot tiie starting- mark, aud have ij room's who rush dowu to stiilVn krrist d for compounding a felony. i ui«a who 'siiffoned' Tommy ? wiTe a v,'cll-l:no »d bouifuce and a rho w.is dicqualitied atthe Carringtoa ids twi'lve months ago, and whose waa refused for tho liut Botauy i'.'ap. Virrow, the Tempo ped., cannot do ? than no and win a heat when it il up, and then get a cross worked on hi- had bitter giro running best, s the third timo he has been copped own game. lsnu (.ot what he hns' been looking H li^ time— six montha' disrjualifiea- U ul it bt-en life no one would havo Bony. Judging by tho sido he puts :asu-il would think he was a better hin S.ktmi»ls. aniwvr to numerous enquiries on the ot, thn secretary of tho Carriugfcon mis informs me that W. A. -.-; ray was ttl ai d Landieapped for the Birthday leap, but, through a printer's error, r.!'i aa \V. A. Grady, ring un argument in a Botany tram edtu'Bday atternoon as to, the merits iuiiii'Ib mid Jim Griffiths oil tho ? Hay Mair interjected that there faster man in his stable than any ip the colony. Who can this be P iniself, Burely ? ig flight has taken place from the re to tho bookmakers' camp during «-fc few weeks, and at the coming cap some well-known backers' facta ... e seen with book and pencil in hand, y not be quite as respectable, but it t more profitable than backing. awJimmy Furlong at Botany on ... day last, and was glad to hear that (h)as improved slightly in health ...gh his visit home. Poor old Jim. He ...a ghost of his former self. It is a ..hat he does not turn running up, and ....some nice easy employment, for once ...mer commences to break up training ....greatest enemy. (Damien), under the name of "Under- ...." won the Sheffield Handicap at the ...ern (Vic) Festival, but on being pro ...d against was asked to make an affi (davit) that his name and performances (were) correct, refused to do so, and the ...(£175) went to Jack Wilkinson, who ...giving xinden eleven yards. J. Moore, the ecce3ntric Victorian ped, (came) out of his shell with a vengeance on ...day at Sutherland, and plainly showed .s behaviour that he must have been ....g back for something. Being, I ...atand, a stable companion of one of ...taken down peds he naturally be ....excited, and I was amused at the he performed in the dressing-room, ....boasted that some of them were (capable) of taking him down on a double ...,that he was a bit too good for the (rest of ) them, as they would find out before ...ag for Victoria. Peter Maloney could stand hi blow, and offered to run him ...l could find. Although this was ( a fantastic) skite on Moore's part, there is a .... of genuineness about it. Handi (cappers) please make a note of this. - Dinny Linane's numerous friends will be very sorry to hear of the sad accident which befell him at Sutherland on Friday. ..Although he runs in and out now and then he is withal al right good fellow in private life. This is not the first bit of bad luck he has had, for in the handicap won by Trinder his chance was second to none, but he unfortunately broke down in the pre liminary heats. A paragraph which appeared in these notes a few issues back appears to have given Hay Mair, the runner, some annoy ance by stating that he did not do his best in the Birthday Handicap. He assures me that he tried all he knew, and backed himself. I have made enquiries, and am quite certain that what he says is correct, and therefore 'bend my back, and bow my head.' Mair is a cut above the ordinary ped, in fact, he has quite a "distinguished look", as Martha says of the ------ in Faust, and is much pained to think that anyone should take him for an in-an-outer. Followers of pedestrianism in the me tropolis are just beginning to lose con fidence in their timekeepers, and it is somewhat funny in face of the fact that we (writes 'Vagrant' in a Maitland paper) countrymen havo been holding them up to ridicule for many months past. I am pretty well tired of trying to break my way through the mass of absurd mis takes and inconsistencies which they are responsible for. The latest bloomer of which they are guilty is making Samuels run eight yards under evens ! Does any sane man imagine that the darkey could give a bona-fide even timer 7½yds and a beating ? The proprietors of the Carrington Athletic Ground have issued the conditions of another 300yds Steeplechase Handicap of .£50, which is to be run off on Saturday afternoon, July 14. This distance is rapidly growing in favour with the public and pedestrians, and the race will no doubt, be well patronised by both. Nominations cIose on Wednesday the 4th, the handicaps will be declared on Friday the 6th, and the acceptances close on Wednesday, July 11. The same proprietary have also announced a Midwinter Handicap of' £165, to be divided as follows : First prize, £120 ; second. £2x ; third, £15; fourth £10. The event is to be run on the evenings of July 21, 23, 25, and 28, and a large entry will no doubt be received. The nominations close on Monday the 9 th, the starts will be posted on Saturday the 14th, and the acceptances close on Wednesday, July 18 I am not the least surprised at many of the public looking upon pedestrians as a crowd unfit to associate with. But they should not all be placed on the same level, because there are many of them who are only running for the pure love of sport, and are capable of presenting themselves before any society. We must expect through life, even in the most aristocratic family, to find a "blackleg,'' but, unfor tunately, they are too numerous in the pedestrian world, and when the"biters get bit " they are the first to cry to the com mittee. and trump up a false charge against some innocent athlete without any grounds whatever but pure suspicion. I wish the committee of the Carrington Ground were close to me at their last meeting. They would have heard the curious instructions that were given by one who has been kept for years in food and clothes by blackfel lows to one of the aboriginals in the grand stand previous to the heat in which he went down. I promise them they would have given him a long spell before entering the ground again. I had a conversation at Botany on Thursday with a gentleman who is con nected with Duhie, and he told me that the paragraph which appeared in this paper some weeks back, saying that Duthie belonged to Victoria, was correct. He has run all through the country districts in Victoria under thu name of " White" and " The Boy in Blue." While up Macleay way he changed it to " Sam Jones."' At one town in Victoria be ran against Roney (who protested against him at Enfield), and wanted to make a match with him, but he was not on. He was then running under the name of " White." Hay Mair and Joe Ephraim met him on the Macleay River, and engaged him to come to Sydney, but did not know until a few weeks back that hia namo was not 'Jones.' He is a very good man, and should have won the Botany £100 Handi cap had he run up to his trial, which was 8yds better than what he was put down in. He also run a trial with H. J. Harris on the Tuesday, and there was only a yard between them. His defeat is attributed to extreme nervousness. When he got on his mark he could hardly stand up, and, when he did get away, ran all over his track. When be has had a little more ex perience on metropolitan tracks he will be in the first flight. He is on the 19yds. mark in the Consultation Handicap, and ought to very nearly win. A walking match, distance fifty miles, for the championship of New Zealand and £20 a-side, took place at the Drillshed, Wellington, the other Saturday between F Bowen, of Christuhurch, and D. M'Cune, a local pedestrian, the former proving victorious. The men were dispatched on their journey at 2 o'clock, and both of them kept well together for the first twenty miles. After covering thirty-two miles, however, the local man retired, and Bowen was left to complete the distance alone. He finished at 10.42, having taken exactly eight hours forty-two minutes to cover the distance. The winner never left the track from start to finish. There wero a considerable number of spectators present at the conclusion of tho match, and Bowen was loudly applauded, Mr. Purdy acted as referee and timekeeper. A G. Le Maitre. the celebrated Oxford athlete, won the Quarter Mile at the Sur biton Amateur Athletic Meeting in 50 4 5sec. Previous to this he had run second in his heat, and keeping on, without a pacemaker to the 500yds' mark, established a new record— 50 l-5sec - for that distance, knocking out by nearly 2sec the old time — 6lsec — by H. K. Ball, at Birmingham, on June 10, 1880. From our Newcastle correspondent we hear that the starts as adjusted for the Carrington Consultation Handicap have given great satisfaction. Of course Liddle has a number of admirers, but they have dwindled down to a mere handful since he first figured in Newcastle. - Martineer, Joe Morris, Tom Sutton, and a host of others are all fancied, so that the handicap should be a most successful one from a betting point of view. Several of our local pencillers intend opening books on the event, which promises to excite more at tention in this district than any previous one. During the early days of th Carrington Running Grounds it was thought that ' stiff running' and barefaced swindling by the runners had reached as near perfec tion as possible, but the ' stiffs' and swindles at the Sutherland Grounds on Friday last cap anything ever seen on the metropolitan track. There were fights galore, as well as many of the heats being ' squared,' and even when a close finish did occur it was generally through runners putting the ' cross ' on one another, which, of course, led to blows, and as the result of one scrimmage Danny Linane got his ankle badly put out. From what I am told the cause of his ' scrap ' with Norman Campbell was not so much the result of what took place in the heat, but of some language which Linden used in the dressing-room, and whioh Campbell took exception to. Linden and Farrow also had high words, with blows as a finale. Only one disqualification took place during the day, and it was a most amusing one. R. W. Turner and H. M. Sweeney were the only starters, so an unusual chance was given to skin the lambs, and both runners desired to do the skinning business. Turner asked Sweeney in the dressing-room how he was going, and the latter replied he was a trier. Turner also expressed his determination, to try. Thus each ono took the other to be on the job, and laid their plans accordingly, Sweeney backing Turner, and Turner backing Sweeney, and as Turner has the reputation of not stopping at trifles the public fol lowed the ' office ' and backed Sweeney. The starting prices were 4 to 1 on Sweeney, 3 to 1 against Turner.' Two books were behind Sweeney taking the odds, but were afraid to go too far, as some one said 'Turner won't win, if he has to lay down on the track.' The pistol went, and Sweeney came up the track at a Chinaman's trot, with Turner a couple of yards behind. It is usual for stiffs about l0yds from home to put on a spurt and make a close thing of it. Sweeney was evidently up to his man, for about that distance from the worsted he was seen to pull up dead, and Turner shot past, him and breasted the worsted first, much to his own disgust and Sweeney's delight. Turner was so completely beaten by Sweeney's audacity that he burst out laughing when he got in the dressing room. T'he officials disqualified Sweeney for six months, and as the handicap was run under Sir Joseph Banks rules he will be prevented from running at grounds where those rules are in force. This case reminds me of a very similar affair which came under my notice during a ramble in the western district of Queens land a few years ago. It was in the small town of Dalby, and as the result of some bar talk a match for £23 aside was made between two aspiring peda., named M'lver and Milf'ord, each one determined to put the cross on the other. Both of them had a big following, and money was plentiful. Tho betting was level, and it was a ding dong race right up tho track, M'lvor being a yard or so ahead, and when utmost on the worsted he threw himself under neath it, determined not to win. But tne other was equal to the occasion and jumped clean over it. The worsted not having been broken the race was declared off. The affair was so cleverly worked that the crowd burst out laughing, instead of lynching the peda., as they should have done. The £100 H mdicap substituted by Mr Frank Smith forthe Five Yard's Limit Han dicap came off on Wednesday and Thursday, and when I Btate that fully 1500 were pre sent each day at 2a C i a head, it will be seen what a success it was. The takings in the hetel entrance and accuptanc fees. &c; , must have, paid all expenses, includ ing prize-money, thus leaving a clear profit of over £300 for the lucky promocer— not so bad for two days. It is to be hop^d that the success attending this handicap will not induce the promoter to cut down the prize- money of his usual fixture. Tue running throughout tho handicap was above the ordinary, and although the ' stiff ' was noticeable, still ho was not us plentiful a3 usual. The officials only saw fit to disqualify one man, W. Neilaon, and he fully deferred the six moutns whieh was given him ; had it beon life ho wouhl have had no occasion to grumble. A fair amount of money could be wou, several ot the books having a hundred or.so to throw away. The wiuuer (Thompson) was not backed heavily, but was laid u pretty good lump to nothing to down Gray. Tue fol lowing ia a description of the running ot the varioua heats : — A start was m ide at two o'olook with th-i first heat, Towney, on 35yda, being picked out by backers. Ho juatified that opinion by winning easily from Monnook, who r.tu badly, with hia shoulders ovor his head. Monuock has a moat peculiar ntylo when he ia running hard (bnt nlow), aud 1 think if he changed it new and then when ho is so-so it would at loa3t bo not eo monotonous. Turner run aa ho always does— you know — and Frodi-ricka, who did not go to America with Myers, Boomed to bo right off. The timo for the heat was 12Jaee, ten yarda over for I'ownay and sovon for Monnook. A fow weeks baok a lady visitor to Kiehmond (where Monuoeli and others are training) gave a niee httlw prize to be run for among thom. Alonuook and Turnor were on soratoh. Turnor got left ou the mark and Monnook won iu ov-u time, giving A. Wall lyd a and a dressing, bu» oinee then ho has fallen off, and cannot now ran better than seven yards over. Tho Beoond heat brought out th i Californian sprinter, E. S Skinner, and, although word Sot round that ho was not in it, lie showed is opponents a olean pair of heels in the last ten yarda. Morgan was backed by hia frionda at ovens, bat waa put baok a yard, and then was left on his mark, as ho was scratching a starting hole when tho gun went, ana ho ran hiinselt out in his efforts to oatoh 6kinner, and oould not finish strong. Even had Morgan got away well I think it would havo boon all the samo, as Skinner had a lot in hand. Flanagan and Georfjo Warn ran fairly well. A. Lonnon did Paddy Monaghan up badly in tho next, but Monaghan worked hia viaage too muoh for my faucy, and then J. J. Mooro had an idea he oould do ' Snowy' Thompson, but noithor ho nor Joo Uyrne wero iu it, V Snowy' putting up the tastest heat of tho day. Joo Byrne is getting faater very Elowly, ?and Bhould be treated a littlo bi-.tter by the handicappors, who oU-jht to give thoao who first shoved running ahoad in tho colony a ohanco before strangers. Thoy havo dono you a good turn, return tho compliment. G. Stoti-ler won the fifth easily from Jaok Brewor, who was not soon at his boat. 1'ho other startors, Searlo and Curteu, woro not in tho hunt. ,, Fred Kyro (or, as he is oallcd, The Camel'') romped home in tho sixth from Foy. Amos and old Frank Hewitt. A special limit will havo to be made for the ' old boy,' who was, by the way, forty-six years of age a week or two baok. Buudaberg Moore was favourito at 2 to 1 on for the next, and won, although had Wil liams folt that way he would havo mado Moore's backers tired. Wally oan run some, and' don't you forget it.' Mooro ranquartor sooond. Goodliffo won the noxt heat from Crompton on tlio tape, apparently muoh against hia will He made liis run a littlo 'too soon.' Jack son did not aecmto care how it went. Some of tho competitors at tinios soeined to be ao in different about the result of thoir lioats, that it is a wonder they don the shoes at all. Per haps they combine business with pleasure, and just go out for training purposos. Ohuroh won as he liked from Moody and Sam Bowen, with odds on. And now for tho tenth heat, tho bottug for whioh opened at 'Halt© 2 to 1,' baokers oheerfully laying that price on Neilaon, and in aomo casoB 3 to 1. Whon tho men wore going to their marks a ' book,' who was oonnooted with the M'Garrigal-Miller episode at the Carrington Gronnds, rushed down by the fenoe and whispered something to Neilaon, the oonaotiuonao of whioh whisper was that Neil son's Btook quiokly receded in value, and a rush took plaoe to got on M'Garrigal. Aftor get ting on their marks Neilson broke over and ran some yards up the traok, but whon tho pistol did go off stopped dead, and allowed M'Garrigal to got right on to him, and aftor running 80yds pulled up altogother. M'Gar rigal won tho heat oasily from Ponno and Howard in 11 l-10seo., ljyds. under even (?). Neilson was very properly disqualified for six months, and justly deserved life. He has been ringing in a oronk leg for a long while, and it's about tiino ho waa tqueluliod. Jimmy King hud no difficulty in disposing nt ' TTnHnrwond' (I mean Linden), and Tom Cant put down A. Soymour, wliosoeinod to bo a bit off, whil» W. A. Gray ro.npud homo from Uarry Harris, Gattro , and Oasburn in Hilly Kennedy was favourito for tho four toontli, but ho hadu't a ghost of a show with G. Ulaolc with a difforenoo of 7yds. Blank hi quite a lad, and is tho makings of a ro il good 'un. Ho actually trotted in front of Konno.ly, who did not seem to liko it at all. 'Old' Beat was tho piok for tho noxt, ho boing opposed to Martiiioor and J Hoag* ney. Martinoer won from the jump, aud when about twonty yards from home omn monoed to ' guy ' his boaton opponents, but nearly p.ufforod from his 'flash' by ruuiung on tho grass and almost falling. He pioketl himself up, however, and wou by a yard. Why some men cannot go straight ahoad whou thoy are iu front, instead of making faoes at thoir opponents, I oannot uuderBtnnd. Aa a rulo it is only small-minded oada who stoop to auoh oonouot. , T Tommy Littlo (a) won vory easily from J . Malone, Maranoa Charlie (a), and L°u Hope, Maranoa ran liko a oyolono for fitty yarda, | and thon turnod it up. Hope had to walk in, hia fraotured too giving way. Tho noxt hoat brought on't the ? first favourite for tho handioap, in G-. Duthie (alias ' 8. Jones,' alias ''White,'1 alias '? Thn Boy . in, Blue') who was backod by hia piopleto win a good atake Going to tho mark- he ap poared extremely nervous, and and fell on his hands several times previous to getting away. When he did get off he aeomod t a stagger for eight or ten yards, and then ran all over his traok, with the rosult' that Jaok Wilkinson, no miner at oven-time pace, boat him by a yard. Duthie's party oannot explain his defeat, as tho day before ho showed them au oight yards hotter go— rnni.ing a trial in'lljseo. He also had a go with H- J. Harris, who g ive him throe yarda in the distanoe, bnt did not gain more than a yard on him Therefore his do feat was a staggerer for his friends, and they can only attribute it to nervousness. One of his baokers— Mr. A. Harpor — was very un fortunate, as on tho previous Saturday night he put a hundred on Jack Wilkinson, who got put down by Moody, and now Wilkiuaon flops np and does Dnthio, whom he haa another hundred on; Time, 12 l-5soo. Bobby M'Donald rau over J. J. Delanoy, and Etherington hadn't to run to boat Atkin son, Budd, and tho iiglishman, Banks, alias 'Roay.' I'lio odds wero 6 to I on Ethering ton, whioh was not at all justifiable. Jaok Dooley won a ' dead bird,' and G. Smith (M.V ) walked away from two greon 'uns, while Sharps had his own way with U. Morris nnd J. Kenney, noithor of thom hurt ing themselves. W. Leonard won the tw nty-third hoat, aftor a great raoo with C. Dotiohuo. by half a vard in 11 9-10,-oa., about six yards butter than he showed again.st Moxley The betting wtiR 3 to 1 on Donohuo, who would havo mn had ho not foolishly looked rpund. D ,nohuo again ran ovens. Ho was put baok a yard for hi3 seoond at Carrington. Donald Blyth walked away from M'Darra and Hopkins. M'Darra wasn't backed und Hopkins was. Enuf pod. G. Gardener, with 3 to 1 on. won by two yards from Trinder, who was put back twioo, in 12soo. Trinder must therefore bo in some thing liko his old form — two yards under ia not bad. Billy Wilson ran so-so, while Tommy Smith was too far baok. ' Old Flookton' brought some grist to the Flockton mill by winn'ng thn next by a yard from Rilly Love, who Boomed to tako a pull when noaring the worsted Connors should have run closer. - 3 to 1 on Flookton spoaks for itself. M'Comb rofused to start in the next. Horsefiold, howover, mado it vory willing, and boat Lneas by lialf-a-yard in 11 9-10aeo Paddy M'AIahon did not run np to form. W. Hiohardaon boat hia field oasily in the 28th heat, with odds on Richardson will make things merry ono of theao days. Moody put Bartlett down, after a great go by half-a-yard. Backers laid 5 to I on Moody, and must have folt very tired when they saw Bartlett ahead a fow yards from home. Moody ran 3yds. over. Miok Loarhinan won a ' dead bird' heat from Price, Stokes, and M' Bride Stokes ran well for 50 yards, bnt was afraid of his oronk log. Old man Riley downed the Bnglishex amatenr-500yds.-rooord- Ball, who was the favourite. Ball's friends toll me he tried, bnt if he did he must be fair off as ho ran about 6yda. worse than he did in Warn's handioap. For my own part, I cannot under stand how a man oan get 6yds. worse in HGyds., especially when he is in work But ' for things that are dark, &o.;' command in to ex-amateurs. Austin waa too far np, and will win a heat when wanted Tho'last heat of tho round brought ont the ohampion. waster, ? F. J . Gorman, J . Harrison and tho'fine-looking R. L. Walker, t'he bet ting was anyhow, first Walker and then Harrison. However, aftor the gun went it was a million to ono on Harriaon, neither Walker or Gorman troubling him. I am cer tain we did not seo Walker's true form. A rush was now made for home whioh was reached after half-an hou~'s wait for a tram, tho authorities as usual having no speoials on The draw for tlia second round took plaoe on tho track, at 2.30 on Thursday, and, as few of tho favourites clashed, bettiug became 1 very brisk. I'he best supported ruuner was Giay, being backed down to 2 to I. his party being very confident that he oould win Littlo Tommy and Townoy wero also Bup portod, as well as King and Thompson. The first lioat waa a daisy, as it contained Littlo, Thompson, Lonnan (threo backed men), aud Stnttlor. The hotting waa in favour of th-i darkio at G to 4 ou, but af'er the most desperate race of th'i day ' Sno-vy ' got home by Bix inches, amidst tho cheers of his many frionds. Thompson and Ljnnan wore put back a yard. 11 9-10seo. Fred Eyre wa3 dra-rn in the next with Mnody aud King, with a yard batween them, aud Jack Dooley. Two to ono on Eyro was tho starting prico, but that great galloper, King, got all ovor him, and won by two yards. Moody ran woll, but oould not foot it with King, who, when he is unbaoked, is one of the best white men in the country. Eyre wob put baok a yard. 11 9-lOsoo. Church walked over Cant, Horsefield, and Blyth in 12soo., and Skinnor had to win his . hoat, however reluotant ho waa, neithar Flookton, Riahardson, nor Wilkinson running np to previous goes. Towney waa a good thing for tho fifth, although ho was nearly pipped by Riley through taking things too easy. Moore and M'Garrigal's display of spood was muoh iuforior to that shown by thom in tho first round. Timo', 12110sec. Whon tho Learhinan crowd wero Bean to lay odds ou him for th i next heat it was at onco soou the way the pus3 was to jump, and though Ethorington appeared to be mo't ouxioua to got away, still when tha pistol wont ho paddlod along more as if he was going for a preliminary spin than running for his keeper's (tho publio) money. The yonng man Martinoer, who put on bo muoh 'aide ' in tho first round, was content to run quietly behind this time. Ethorington ran eoven yarda worse than in his previous hoat. Gray mado a prooession of the next, Good liffo being an absontoo. Good goods is Good liffo. 5 to 1 on Gray. Timo, 11 4-5sec. Leonard, M'Donald, Smith, aud Blaok were tho starters for tho last of tho Beoond round, with Leonard as tho pot. Leonard appeared to bo tho only jigger, and won by half a yard from Bobby. Blaok seemed to tako a pull in tho last few strides, otherwise ho would have won. Shortly after this lioat M'Donald camo to mo and stated that Leonard's trainer, on behalf of 'Thumhy1' Davis, offered him a fiver to lot Loonard win, whioh he did, but whon he wont for tho money refused to givo it, saving that ho tried. Aftor a lot of wrang ling M'Donald managed to get a pound out of him. Hero's a nioo state of things. How tho poor blaoka aro impoeod on ! Tho third round was drawn in four heats, with two runners in oaoh, the betting nowi being 10 to 1 bar Gray. ' Snowy' Thompson and J. H. King wero the first to appoar, the odda boing on I tiomp aon, and after a groat race he beat King by a good yard in 11 _4.5sea. _ Gray then paddlecl home from Learhinan, being 5 to 1 on. Townev also made a ono man raoo of it with Leonard, who did not appear to try a yard. f Tho noxt heat was the surprise of the handij oap. Ohuroh and Skinner were drawn to gether, and aa Skinner had not been baokod for any of hia heats so far, nor for the final,) it looked reol good for Churoh, who wan! baokod right and left, as muoh as 5 to 1 being' laid on ' him, and 4 to 1 against Skinner, t Skinner ond his friends even backed Churoh, so I am told, bo that will tell you what they 1 thought of it. Churoh put on a lot of unnooeB- ? aary aide going to tho mark, but before they had gone five yards he was levol with Skinnor, and then oommenoed to paddle alongside of him. This evidently got the American's blood up. and ton yards from homo ho put on a spurt, left' tho artful Gua bad, and won by a yard Church's party nay that they went down for £200. and if thoy did, Churoh must bo a losing hand, aa it waa only in tho last Botany that they dropoed £150 on him Sliinuor'a conduct is highly commondablo, for although ho baokod Ohuroh ho boat him rather than ' lot himself bo guyed.' Tho final now lookod a moral for W. A Gray, who had won all his hoats iu tho easiest posHiblo inannor, and hud alsio put up the best time during tho day. viz., 11 7-lOseo. [lis party had buoked him for all tho inonoy nvailablo, ho was in the hands of tho luoky trainer, Jaok Lognn, banked by the luoky Warn, and everything Roemod to bo in his favour. Thompson waa the only man ho had to beat, the othora boing unbaoked. Tho hotting wns 3 to 1 on Gray, 4 to 1 v. Thompson, 10 to 1 Skinnor and Townoy, and 10 to 1 against placing them Aftor tho' usual shako* hauds, &o; , Gam Woloh lot them go to a vory bad start, Thompson getting a yard away the best. Tho positions remained un altered throughout tho raoo, except that both Skinnor and Townoy foil baok a yard or so, and Thompson downed tho pot by the yard ho received from him, amidst -j^reat oheoring, in'll 7-lOseo. . ' * ' ' Snowy' Thompp^n haa now beon rnnning some time, and ia rr.okoned about halfNaoaond for a hnndred yards, after which be dies away. ! Hia beat performance previona to this waa winning the Third Sutherland .Handioap, a few (veeka baik. ' W. A. Gray ran third in the Carrington- Queon's Birthday Handicap, Townoy ran Beoond in tho last Newoastle Handioap, and this ia the first occasion on which Skinner has won a heat in a sprint race in Australia. . . By referring to last woek'a Referee it will be seen that I picked out five men whom 1 considered tho best treated in tho handicap.' They were Thompson, Gray, Skinner, Eyre, and G Duthie. 1 plaoed Skinnor. first, thon Dnthio, Thompson, and Gray. Had Skinner run as well aa we shull yot boo him, ho would have won, while Duthie ran 8yds worse than his trial; .Three ont of five to got in the final is not a bad pick out of 163 men, ' although 1 say it as shouldn't oughter.' 