State, €k< SHEMUS DHU, THE BLACK PEDLAB OF GALWAY. A Taeb of the Penal Trass. CHAPTER XXXI. By THE UTB BEV. U. Kavanagh, P.P. < Shemus Dhu !' called in tones load and lengthened, for the purpose of a hail, interrnpted the soene between father and son. ' Here 1' answered D'Aroy, in feeble tones—' Harrison, here!' ' What, in the devil's name, has kept yon so late, D'Arojr P' Bsid a man, oovered from head to foot in a heavy frieze ooat, bursting from an entanglement of underwood, whioh overhung the plaoe where D'Aroy stood ; < we have waited a full hour for yon. With difficulty I oould persuade the fellows that you would be true to your engagement.' Before D'Aroy could tell the oaase of his delay, two other persons followed the speaker from the same plaoe. < We had better make no more delay, Mr. D'Aroy,' said one of them, pettishly; 4 our horses are stiffened, and our servants even venture to murmur. I had promised myself the pleasure of freeing a beautiful girl from the thraldom of a severe and bigoted father; bnt, by my honour, the difficulties of the way, and the cold I suffer, have driven this romance out of my head. I wish it were fairly over, and that I was safe in my rooms.' < J ah all send a secure guide with you, Mr. Butler; you will soon be in town, if you repent having redeemed the promise made to me,' D'Aroy answered, sarcastioally. •Ohl no, D'Aroy; my displeasure does not go so far. I will stand by you, according to promise, in any issue of your adventure. I was only angry that you kept us so long waiting for you.' * It was not my fault, gentlemen—upon my soul it was not. Let's make no further delay. Where are the horses ?' 'Our fellows are walking them yonder,' answered the first speaker. The party, consisting of three servants, exclusive of Lewis Carew and D'Aroy, and their masters, rode at a quick trot towards Eagle Book, whioh we described in the commencement of the tale, as the scene of D'Arcy's first appearance. By D'Aroy's direotion the servants were ordered to remain there with the horseB, under shelter, and to be prepared, at a signal concerted between their masters, to meet them. Lewis Oarew oonldnot be prevailed upon to remain. He followed, with a peasant who was waiting to direct them, into the wood of Kilrany. We said the night was stormy, but now the wind howled awfully. The burst* of storm oame quicker and quioker upon eaoh other, beginning with a sound as if all the dark spirits of air exerted their power to terrify mortals by their strongest screech of fury, then dying away with a lugubrious sound, and anon bursting out with fresh strength. It was a night of fear to all but the desperate. The clouds were gathering thiokly over their heads; and before they had desoended a hundred yards into the valley, they were deprived, by the deep darkness which surrounded them, of the power of disoerning any objeot ten feet distant from them. The trees about them groaned loudly, as they were tossed about by the fury of the blast. The branches fell around them, and sometimes struok them; and they were often dashed against eaoh other, in tbeir impotenoy to resist the strength of the storm. «By ! D'Arcy," said Butler, recovering himself from the blow of a swinging branoh, ' it is a fearful night to be out for such a purpose. Methinks it is a bad omen of our suooess.' • Omens are the fool's excuse for fear, returned he addressed, sharply. 'If you fear to advance, you are at liberty to leave us. I will relieve you of your promise to aocompany me. I wish for none but true and brave Butler bit his lip to restrain the sudden reply of anger which arose to his lips at D'Aroy's insinuation. Had the words been spoken in other circumstances, he would have demanded an explanation; but he justified his forbearanoe with the thought that D'Aroy was in trying oiroumstanoes, and that it would be dishonourable to take advantage of them for any purpose whioh would please his humour, muoh more when this humour oould not be indulged without injury to the interests of D'Aroy, or even to the entire destruction of his plans, for he fanned that he himBelf was the great prop of the adventure. However, as a salve to his honour, he resolved, when all had BUOoeeded, to ask D'Aroy for an explanation of his words. It would have been fortunate for D'Aroy had he a more fiery spirit for his companion; it would have disoonoerted his plans, and saved him from their results. In silence the party followed their guide as well as they could, through the underwood, over the swamps and other obstacles of rook and felled trees whioh intervened. D'Aroy had cautioned them to oome on in silenoe; and when they stood in the esplanade whioh fronted the hermit's dwelling, he told them to remain undercover of the trees, until they reoeived his signal. There was no ohange from the first appearaaoe of the hermit's dwelling whioh I have described. The rough walls of the cabin, the oroBS of hewn stone, were there, the same as first desoribed; the stream^ murmured on, with only the ohange that it was foore swollen, more impetuous, w>4 darker. The soene was not as silent as it was at D'Aroy's last visit to it. The wind howled around the little house, chafed, as if in anger at it, that it should obstrnot its free career through the far woods, its lawful domain; the bare branohes groaned and soreeched louder and louder; the stream, far above this particular point, and far below it, brawled and roared in many waterfalls; the thunder rolled from hill to hill in the distance, with lengthened peals, and then oame nearer. Just as D'Aroy had separated from his companions, and stepped across the green to the hermit's door, a gleam of lightning burst along his path, and enciroled him, running from tree to tree, shattering and destroying what it strnek in its wildness; and then came, sudden and quick, the sharp oraok of thunder above his head, bellowing and rambling towards the lake. D'Aroy was spared the blow. He was not grateful to Providenoe—it efieoted no ohange in him; and he advanced hardened with the same purpose of evil. The front of the hermit's dwelling was dark. D'Aroy knew that the inmates were still np; but he did not wish to give a signal of his presence without examining. He went to the rear of the house, and there, through a small square hole, whioh was familiar to him, he oould see into the^ larger room. The hermit was standing with his baok to the fire, and his arms crossed upon his breast, watohlog the muffling of a young woman, who, with the assistance of another young woman, dressed like the peasantry of the country, was preparing herself against the inolemenoy of a night walk. The damb boy was seated near the fire, regardless of everything; and a tall and stout man, enveloped in a great frieze coat, leaned upon a heavy stick, near the door, engaged in looking upon the attendant female. D'Aroy felt an unusual thrill run through his blood. It was not fear—it was not hope—it was not desire; it was a mixture of all. He breathed short, whilst he thought: ' My good fortune follows me here. Ifdid not fanoy such an easy viotory. I shall have them soon in the woods. But is it she ?' The sudden turn of the young woman's face towards him revealed the features of Eveleen O'Halloran. They had not the bloom of health and peaoe with which D'Aroy had seen tbem covered at his first meeting with Eveleen. Her beauty was still there; bat paleness and melanoholy impressed their ooloar and expression D'Aroy thought she looked more interesting than when he met her in the wood. An unholy admiration seized him; he should have Eveleen at the risk of life—of eternity be thought not. Before this D'Aroy had never thought of woman but with the feeling that dissoluteness suggested; _ now, respect and esteem were mingled with his admiration of the hermit's daughter. But the feeling was only momentary; his heart was too hardened by vice and passion to retain any vestige of honourable love ; like the parched earth after a long drought, whioh, for a moment, and only for a moment, is moistened by the kindly shower, bat instantly swallows it up, and is more parohed and hardened than before. 'Hal the old villain speaks to her. I must listen,' said D'Aroy to bimeelf. He oould distinctly hear the old man say: ' Eveleen, my daughter, though I do not command, I wish you not to go to Portarab on this stormy night. Ton will have my oouoh; I seldom use ijb. We will make it soft for you; and I will be at ease whilst you take your rest.' 'My dear father, do not ask me,' said Eveleen, soothingly. ' Ton know I will obey and please yon in all things; bat, for reasons, yon have promised Conoel that I would return to him this night. As a seoond father, he is next in my affeotion to you. Do not ask me to obey you, my dear father, in this.' ' Think of the wildness of the night, my dear child,' said the old man. ' I am sure Connel cannot expect your return in this darkness and storm.' ' Oh!' said Eveleen, approaching and putting her hand round her father's neck, • I know the way well, and I have been out in wilder nights. To-morrow, when I visit you, I will tell you of some of my wild adventures and escapes; but you must not be vexed with me, though Connel was often so.' She f oroed a smile whilst she said this, and she pressed her pale lips to the worn oheek of her parent. Her smile had not the life or light of its former self. Eveleen oould not smile from the heart. She had heard that day that Fergus, her more than brother, was in a dungeon; her first and best beloved was alone and suffering. ' As it pleases you, my love, go forth; and may God's angeis proteot you! I will have no rest until I see you in the morning.' ' You need hot fear, my dear father,* said Eveleen, giving a parting salutation to the hermit, and assuming a foroed manner of gaiety. ' As errant damsels are said, in the tales we read, to be always attended by a sturdy squire, who proteots them against all evil, I have mine, who is able to defend me with heart and limb against all danger. Are you not Eugene More t—say it to him.' ' Lady,' said the young man, with strong emphasis, as he raised himself ereot,' I may not understand your words, but I will defend any of your family, and muoh more you, against all evil, with my latest breath. But you had better take the old man's advioe, and stop here for the night. The way, I mean the shortest and safest way to Portarab, is not over good to travel in a stormy night. You have heard what happened to ngly Shelah f' The story of the interference of the powers of the fairy world with the person mentioned, was known to Eveleen and to her father; and as it was the strongest reason which Eugene More ooul$ addqoe for the delay of veleen, it did not strengthen her father's argument in favour of her stopping with him. ' You may go, my love and my all,' he said, in a voice which betrayed the strong oonfliefe in his mind between the judgment which said ' Eveleen should st op,' and the judgment whioh said 'I must give my long lost daughter her will.' _ D'Aroy had seen and heard enough to form his plans from the dispositions of the party. He joined his companions in the wood, and bid them to prepare for the ooming of his viotims. •She oomes,' he said to Harrison, 'attended by two companions—one is afraid of ghosts; the other is a maid, I suppose, afraid only of men. Come with me, Harrison; we will play upon tbeir fears.' It waB just as Harrison desired. An adventure was promised where a young eirl was concerned. This was Bnfficient. Eveleen, Eugene More, and the attendant crossed the stream whioh flowed between the hermit's dwelling and tbe woods of Knookshanballa. They had great diffioulty in passing the swamps which intervened, and only for the assistance of Eugene More, Eveleen, with all her knowledge of the locality, would have gone astray. Just as they had escaped from the dubious'footing of a swamp, Eveleen thought she heard the moaning of some person in pain near her. She heard it again —it was at a greater distanoe than she first oonceived. She remarked it to her gnide. 'Come on, Mistress Eveleen,' said the young man; ' my ears are more aooustomed than yours to the noises of the wood. I have heard many sounds whioh I fancied human, and was deoeived by them. Come on ; those sonnds whioh I have heard before you are caused by the wind and trees.' ' No, Eugene More. For heaven's sake, stop!' cried Eveleen, as a low wail, raising into a loud screech of pain, fell upon their ears. The voioe was behind them; it arose from the morass which they had orossed. 'Let us hasten baok, Eugene. Oh ! it may be my father who has followed us, and is perishing.' 'I will see, mistress,' replied Eugene, losing all his fears of supernatural agency at the earnestness of Eveleen. 'You muBt remain here—you oan do no good. I will be with yoa immediately.' 'I will remain; bat call to me—tell me that he is Bafe. Fly to him, Eugene, and I will reward yoa. Oh, heavens ! if it be my father !' The young man desoended the hill quickly, considering the darkness and the many obstaoles of rock and tree whioh opposed him. Eveleen followed, too, oontrary to the remonstrance of her attendant, though more leisurely, yet as ardently. Eugene More was in the swamp; the cry of woe continued, and aB he advanoed towards it, it seemed to be at the same distance from him—even to be retreating. He called aloud—there was no Answer; he passed the dangers of the lower grounds—the ory was in the wood, in the direotion of the hermit's dwelling. Eugene's fear of ghostB again returned. It was no wonder, from the cironmtanoes. He halted at the first trees, uncertain to advance or return. 'By my faith!' he thought. ' it is curious. I should have let Mistress Eveleen oome with me. I will return, for it can be nothing good that does not answer a friendly voioe. Well, I will give one more ohanoe ' ' Halloo there!' he oalled, at the highest pitoh of his voice. 'Who are youP and what is the matter with you P' Tbe loud voioe would have aroused a dying man. When its eoho passed off Eagene heard an answer not twenty yards from him: ' Help here, for meroy! I am dying!' Eagene sprang forward, and in the aot he reoeived a blow from a powerful arm upon the head, whioh left him stunned at the foot of a tree. 'Shall I despatch him?' said the boy, Lewis Carew, with as muoh composure as if he were about hamstringing game. ' We must know your master's will,' said Harrison. 'We will seoure him though; he appears a powerful fellow.' Eagene was senseless nnder tbeir operation of tying and gagging him. He was left oold, and bleeding profusely, whilst his capturers hastened to join their companions. Eveleen, carried forward by the agonising thought that her father was suffering, followed Eugene with too muoh carelessness and preoipitanoy. She knew the danger of crossing the swamp, but she did not oare about it. At the first step which she made upon the muddy ground, she sank above her ancle. 'We oannot OTOBS in this direotion, mistress,' said her attendant, who met with the same accident. • I am afraid not, Kathleen,' said Eveleen ; ' but we must pass over. Oh I there is the ory again.' ' Call to Eugene,'said the girl; 'he will return for us and direct us.' ' No, no, Kathleen; it would prevent him from giving speedy assistance, and he would insist that we sheuld return,' ., They listened eagerly, -hoping to oatoh some sound from Eagene whibh plight direot them to the path he had taken. , They heard nothing; he had passed over quickly, stepping lightly from tuft to tuft of rushes and long grass, whioh arose here and there in the swamp. Kathleen had fonnd a safer footing, and they were some fifty yards in the bog, when they heard Eugene's load call to the suffering parson. They heard not the answer, nor any sound which , might make them uneasy about Eugene's fate. They quiokened their steps, at the risk of being every moment;swamped, and three minutes after Eugene's fall they were in tfce wood, and in the hands of cu{%bs men. CHAPTER XXXII. Etolebn O'Hailoban lay passive in the hands of Reginald D'Aroy. Unhappy Eveleen! it was fortunate for yon that your oapture was so sudden. Had you known that D'Aroy held your delioate and pare form within his wioked arms; had you known that the most unrelenting of your raoe, the torturer of your first beloved, the sworn enemy of Connel and of yonr father, the meroiless villain, D'Arcy, pressed his unhallowed lips upon your pale face, with an earnestness which told that he would suffer every evil sooner than give np possession of you; and, were you conscious that he had persons with him nearly as wioked as himself, who woold second every purpose of his villainy, and that your friends were far from you, none near you, not one to feel for you who had power to raise an arm in yonr defence—it would have cost you your life; your gentle spirit would have burst from your body under the oppression of its feelings of desolation and despair. Not so your companion. Though she, too, had a loving, gentle heart, it was of a sterner mould than yours. ' Villains! who are you P' oried Kathleen. 'It is my mistress, Eveleen, Connel of Portasah's daughter. Let us go. Help, Eagene, help !' she bawled, at the top of her voice. ' Connel!—Ferg ' Her mouth was quickly stopped by a strong hand, and he in whose grasp she was said: ' Young woman, you must be quiet, if yon desire to be treated well. You are now mine, pretty one. By ! D'Aroy owes yon to me, to atone for this night's disappointment." • Hell and f uries! Harrison,' cried D'Aroy, 'why mention names? Gag the wenoh, and, if it please you, throw her into the next lough, for what I oare. But keep silenoe.' 'As you will be master here, ' replied Harrison, ' whither go we now ?' • Where we had intended, if we had succeeded. Yoa know you and I cannot return to the city for some time. We will ask oar companions to help us to horse with our hardens. We will be thankful to them; they may return. Is the fellow yonder dead ?' 'I would have Becured that, sir,' said Lewis, excitedly, 'had the gentleman allowed me. Shall I do it now ?' ' No, not your hand, Lewis; let there be no blood on you. He cannot reoover from the blow. However, bind him and gag him.' • It was done, sir, said Lewie. ' Well, leave him there to rot,' returned D'Aroy. ' Onward, gentlemen ; let some of you give me assistance to bear this fair one. But where is my guide ?' The peasant was not to be found. None had remarked him sinoe they oame in front of the hermit's dwelling. This oircumstanee alarmed some of them; but D'Aroy. told them not to fear, that he knew the fellow, and that he dared not aot oontrary to his wish. Though D'Aroy said this to quiet the fears of his oompanions, he was unesBy on aocount of tbe departure of the guide; it made him waver in a purpose he had formed of entering the hermit's dwelling, and there glutting his desire of triumph over the poor old man by exulting over tbe misery whioh his daughter's situation would oause him. ' No matter what danger our delay may bring,' thought D'Aroy, making up his mind, ' I will have this last satisfaction of torturing the old hypoorite, and of making him feel the penalty of breaking his faith with me. We will rest at the hermit's oabin for a moment, gentlemen,' said D'Aroy to his friends. 'We want some refreshments; his cupboard is never empty of good drink, and we oan better there prepare our fair companions for their journey.' '' ' Be it so,' said they all, upon whom the mention of refreshments had a Budden effect. It was the best argnment whioh D'Aroy oould use to induee them to aooompany him. ' May there not be a danger of pursuit ?' asked Harrison, with more inducements than his companions to be on their journey again. ' No,' replied D'Aroy. ' Those who'would have an interest to pursue us, are many miles distant from us, and they know not that ire ; 1 are here.' • - '"T • ••- 'The hermit, with trembling hands, undid the fastenings of his dooi'. He feared some misfortune, for .. In had heard the confused sound of; njany voioes on the. outside. The first, objeot whioh presented itsetf to him .was .the seemingly lifeless' form of hia_daughtet, borne in by men in frieze garments. He reoognised her instantly.- He looked not to the others who had isntered. If "he oould think of them his ooDviotion would-be that they were his friends—peasants. of the country—who had resouBd hia daughter from, danger, and had borne her, through kindness, to the shelter of the house, and 4p the bosom -of her parent. Poopold man ! he rushed frantically forward—he. seized'his daughter in hiB arms. D'Arcy hid allowed him to bear her to the rough bench ; there, supporting her upon hiB&reaat;, 1 -lie oried aloud: > 'My Eveleen 1—my child!—you,Are not ead 1 It oannot be. God would not ? hkVe unished «ny crimes bo severely, to" take yoa rom me just when I found you. Eveleen, y darling—the - lore : of my Jjeart-^my life, speak, or. I, shall die. , 0. Godi s it so?'.. Not heaven be Upraised!' she moves—she has life!. Wafa'r—w^ater, my friends, water—the blessing of an old man be upon you—give ine the water. Oh! mj ove—my love! God be thanked!' s (To kf mtinufi.J 