HOME READING. Now, girls, don't take the alarm and flee my lecture under the impression t 11 have come to snatch your beloved novel, for I couldn't offer yon anything in its plaoe, and I mean to be fair. I only aek the privilege of making a suggestion or two in regard to it. I might open with a series of grave remarks to the effect that moet persons could trace many of their early mistakes and consequent nnhappinees to the false notions imbibed from novels, which would be true, but I should, no donbt, be promptly out short with the slightly indignant rejoinder that you had heard that ever since you were in short clothes without Its producing the slightest medicinal effect. I could also refer to the period when I sat sightly cnrled np on the foot of my bed pouring over the fascinating pages of "Jane Byre," "Lea Missrables," or " Vanity Fair," long after sensible people were asleep, and Setting the conviction more deeply fixed every minute that there was something ont of joint about my very prosaic and commonplace exiatenoe. In short, that the great unknown world outside of mine teemed with the delightful and in teres tine creations of my author, but that it was my misfortune never to have found them. I could also give yon the sequel to all this nocturnal extravagance in the matter of time and coal oil by whispering that sinoe then I have been duly convinced that I should never have reaognised my most admired charaotera if passing in palpable, breathing procession before my very eyes. Why? Because many of them received Aheir breath of life from the parental brain of the author alone, and like the ghost in " Hamlet," would Have vanished at dawn—of Jodgment. For the rest, I should have needed my novelist right at my elbow to translate for me the outer hieroglyphics of character, to disclose the secret springs of human motive, or reveal the inner shining of spiritual loveliness. The good novelist is the genius who can do this in a book, bnt we mnst not attempt to apply his measurements to the people we know unless we can. borrow his spiritual divining-rod and clairvoyant clearness of vision. You often hear it alleged that novel reading endangers your peaoe of mind, oontent xnent, &c;,; also leads you to despise the day -of small things. Whenever thfe is true it arises from a misoonception of the novel's true character and mission. If you could believe that yon were looking only on pictures of banian life in novels instead of the real thing m couki discern where novels deceive by appealing to the ideal in your nature alone. The artist may paint a comparatively disagreeable scene, but whatever his fidelity the bufthttJeatores do not appear as in life, nor do we feel the shock of looking npon the original in nature. , Thus the delineation of villainy in fiction does not shock our moral sense or rouse inns that antipathy which we have been educated to feel, but rather the reverse. In this fact atone lies much of our danger. And now, girlB, let me give you an antidote to the restlessness and dissatisfaction that Bucceed the perusal of some fascinating tale, in which even a first-class author has covered a very commonplace John and Mary with glory and left them enjoying the rewards and honours resulting therefrom. First look about you searcbingly and candidly among XPnr pro&aic; neighbours and see if you cani|oV discover among them individual cases Where the patient perseverance in rugged paths of duty, fortitude nnder trial, and 4BMStentatioua heroism on special occasions trill jsove your heart and command your admiration as never before when considered ill their true relation to the heroes and Kerdjnea in print. Next be assured that all author's are more ideal than practical, and kUM«s : regards honours and rewards always coming to the right persons at exactly the pater time they have painted far more of wh^t should be than of that which is.— . FBUS PALMLEAF in Detroit Fret Press. - ABOUT SOME ROYAL LADIES. *t suppose one of the best loved queens of Europe is Margherita of Italy, who is simply adored by her husband's subjects. She is loved both for her noble character, and her beqjrtft jrhich is regal. By the papers which arrived only; by the last mail, we are told that .on her journey to meet her husband at Borne, the tnin was an hour late, owing to the enthnsUstic greetings of the people at the of Qenoa. Queen Margaret is very mautiful, being tall, very fair,"with blue eyes. Her mnile, her bow, her very words, are the perfection of royal art. So no wonder her people lorn her to excess, and that their favourite flowar is the daisy, the name flower of their -queen. Marghenta is a very accomplished lady too, a good lipgniat, and greatly interested in the higher education of her women snbjeots, which she does all in heT power to foster. She has only one son, the Prince of Naples, a delicate, highly- educated boy of seventeen. Few royal ladies have such sensible, simple ideas of life as Christine, the Queen Recent of Spain, and few can have had a sadder life too. Married early to a husband, whose heart was in the grave of bis first joung wife, Mercedes. What first gained for her the love of the Spanish people was the graceful act of calling her baby by the name of the poor dead wife; Alpbonso was Soon lying by the side of Mercedes, and Christine was left alone with three babies (one a son) to battle with the turbulent reserved Spanish people. But she seems to have won their chivalrous love and respect. Her sensible German^notions are doing much for her poor kingdom, and. she is bringing up her children we 1L UhelwinstheloveofthepeasantB by her thought for their children. Staying in thejpretty mountain village of St. Sebastian, <Qneen Christine may be seen at dark, clad in' black, buying all sorts of toys and sweeties, whicb'ahe distributes among the yonng snb- 'ects of her son, and in consequence, iB much i ovedbythem. She has done much to brighten the pompous life of the Spanish Court, which «nd used to be, overburdened with etiquette, she is much fonder of her mountain home that the stately palace of Madrid, where ceremonial is, of course, much strutter. The ' Angel of Pity" in indeed a beautiful name. « «s what the Portuguese call their Queen,, who is known to us as Maria Pia. 8h# was the youngest child of Victor Emmanuel, King of Italy, and married King I c b M G a Louis of Portugul in 18C2. They have two sons, Carlos and Alphonso. Right well does the Que en deserve the name given her by a grateful people, for numberless are the works of charity she has founded. The crdches at Lisbon for poor children, and the night refuges owe their existence to her watchful care. Ever among her people in trouble, the terrible inundations of the Tagus, found her ready with purse and cheering presence, like her sister-in-law of Italy, she also is beautiful, tall, slender, fair-haired, with very dignified manners. Her taste in drees iB also, like Queen Margaret's, exquisite, and Bhe possesses some most famous jewels. Maria Pia is also an accomplished artist, but above allthingsadevotedwife. Thephysieia •» nacrree that the King owed his recovery from his late serious illness to the earnest oare and atten tion of his tender wife. I have chosen these ladies as being the Queens of Southern Europe ; another time we will have a talk about other royal ladies. — BECKY SHARP in Canterbury Times. 