A MINER'S MILLI3N. BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author ot "Cucheater*! Vengeance," " For Lsre and Gold," "A Poor Macs Tragedy." Ac. [ALL BIGHTS K3ERTED.] OHAPrER XIUI. THE Sura OF HIS YOUTH. Nowsse that noble and most sorereiga reason, i Ike tweet bells jangled, oat of tane and harsh ; That unmatched form and feature of blown youth, Blasted with ecstasy. Bamlel Six weeks have passed since Wilson Gray experienced that terrible shock which had nutated hia reason, and the pasting of that time had produced no change for the better in his condition. The demented man was not oonfined to his chamber, and he wandered aimlessly about the Priory and park adjoining, apparently oblivious of everything passing near him. Wilson was never violent and the doctors permitted him his liberty, bat a close watch was kept on all hia movements. One phrase be babbled continually, as a child iterates and reiterates some word just added to its growing vocabulary. * It was Alice! It was Altoe!" he mattared In hashed tones, through which a tremor of awe ran. His poor, twisted brain was dwelling on some past episode of his life, and he could think of nothing else. At times there came to Wilson brief snatches of •emisanity, during tfhich periods he could remember in a hazy sort of way his life ptior to the shook. ;L>ady Bath had paid great attention to her utrioken mate, and everyone thought her the most devoted of wives. She was wondering if Wilson had made a will, and if ao, what that document contained. So far as hfer knowledge' went, Wilson had never made » wtil,-had not even, mentioned such a thing; still, she thought it possible he might have made one privately and hidden it, as she had oftes heard of men doing. She walked about the Priory with him, and when people were praising her watchfatness and love, sordid motives filled her mind. But if she erpeoted her husband to oneaitfa some testamentary document in his rambles she was disappointed, and unable to rest without the knowleice Bhe desired, she wrote to Mr. John Braile. who was Wilson's solicitor, asking if he had ever drawn up a will for ner husband. The solicitor answered, no. Partially satisfied. Lady Bath twisted her clever brains about till she nad devised a method of enraring Wilson's great fortune to herself in oase fie died, and an opportunity of setting her scheme in motion came quickly. Unaided, she prepared a document bequeathing all her husband.e belongings to heraelf solely. She was very carefui in drawing up this paper; dayB were consumed in thinking it out and putting it on paper. But it was done at last, and all that was required to make the dooument legal, and herself Wilson Gray's heiress was her husband's name, and the names of witnesses. She knew her power over Wilson when in his right senses, and she prayed that the cloud might lift off his mind for one short hour just to stamp her scheme with the required signatures. When next Wilson Gray obtained a snatch of sanity he found himself in his wife's pretty boudoir. She was reclining on a low {luxurious chair—upholstered to match her rich complexion—and he was seated on a buffet at her feet. He awoke to hia senses to find his head in her lap; her magnificient urns thrown oarressingly around his neck; her peerless face bent lovingly down to his own, and her soft liquid brown eyes were brimful of tears. " Thank God; duii&g;! you a^e better again. It seems heaven to see aenie In your eyes once more. Your misfortune-made my life a hell, for, Wilson, I thought yon were going to die, ana what should I have done then, but die to too But it is over now. You will soon be well again." She spoke in a deep, fervent tone and her shapely form thrilled, her soft arm clang to him convulsively, and the first thing that he realized c'earlj was his beautiful wife's devoting to himself and his own absorbing love for ner. 11 is first words were a compliment to her. " I would almost suffer anythiog to win such devotion." he said with a faint smile. " Hush !" she remonstrated clasping him closer and closing his mouth with her sweet A. ini IMU UWl UH4UII ter ? Where have I been ?' ''Don't agitate yourself nor, dear, t will tell you all soon. Rest where you are ! Isn't your head easy there ?" ' While she Bpoke thus she was thinking of the; matter nearest her heart. How was she to get Wilson to sign the will she had prepared? She was enduring agonies of torture. Any moment he might relapse again and his name still unwritten. How was she to obtain her end without showing her hand ? While these thonehts filled ber brain she was kissing and clipping the man at her knees and piesently he put an end to her difficulty. " I have been very ill I know," he said, "and might have died and have left you unprovided for. How thoughtless of me not to have made a will before. I will do so at onoe !" She chided him gently ior his hastiness : vowed that she did not want his money, and admitted in the same sentence that she would like their child to inherit all his father's wealth. He was firm, even obstinate, in his resolve to draw up a will there and then she o in ted out that a will was unnecessary, still Se was determined, and began to talk incoherently, and she saw that his senses were going. Now was Lady Ruth's time. She seized it. The paper was bought out, Wilson Grey wrote his name; a couple of servants were called in. She placed her husband tenderly in the low -chair, and when the simple domestics came in said: "There is a paper on the table your master wishes you to sign at once. Oblige me by doing so. You first, Simmons—now you, Williams. Your master is much better to-day and will have tea with me here. Am so mnoh oblta>d to you both—please close the door." The servants left the roam aud Wilson Gray was fast sinking into idiocy again. One moment a gleam of lore and pride shone in his eyes as he looked on his wife: the next the light left them and locked on other things. Snddenlyhe shook himBelf as though he bad been a wet dog. He was trying to shake his brain clear, and, partially Buceeaing, cried out: "Send for my cousin—send for Walter! I ir.ust see him Ruth." Then he dropped back on' the chair from, which he had half risen. o "I will telegraph instantly." she cried. t " Do you want him particularly?" I " It was Alice! It was Alice!" he answered J in reply, bis reason gone again. a Lady Ruth walking about the room, her o pulse beating faat, and her face flashed aS with the gladness of success. Satisfied with her cleverness which had made bar sole e heiress to nearly a million of money, she rt scarcely notice! the idiot babbling in her chair. She was in the midst of a world of her own creation, where all her ambitions were euoessful. In her imagination Wilson Gray was dead aud tombed, and she was again wed, and to her old lover, Walter Gray. The devil in her ladyship was developing rapidly. Wilson Gray had taken very little food since the disaster, and a tew davs after signing the dooument Lady Ruth had prepared be was confined to his bed. being still quite unconscious. The physicians held out no hopes of bis recovery. They attributed his loss of reason to some great shock, but were unable to say what Darticular thing had occasioned it. His wife and child were doing well at the time be lost bis senses, and all hit mines and other financial speculations ware in a satisfactory condition. At length Wilson became so enfeobled tha* hia death was daily, almost momentarily expected, and still he remiined dead to all about bim. One day, about t wo months after his attack, Wilson regained his senses, to the surprise of his attendants, who eaih moment expected him to relapse into his previous deranged condition. Wilson gazed wonderingly around the room like one suddenly awakened from a lone deep sleep. Ha looked about with expectant eyes as though locking for some one. "Do you want her ladyship?'' said the nurse. "She only left the room a few minutes ago. Shall I send for her?" " No! no I don't want my wife. I want my cousin—my cousin, Walter. Where is he?" I do not think that your cousin is here, but we can send for him if you want him." "Walter not here? Why it seems weeks ago rinoe I told Rnth to send for him. Are you sure that he is not here ?'' "No. But I will enquire. Perhaps he may have come." The nurse rang a bell, and of the servant wheranswered her summons she enquired if her patient's cousin, Walter Gray, was stay, ing at the Priory, and she reoeived a reply in the negative "The servant says that Mr. Gray is not staying at the Priory," said the nurse. " Then he must be sent for at once," _re plied Wilson irritably. "Tell my wife that I want her at once.'* In a few moment* Lady Ruth came into the room beautiful as ever, and with the prettiest possible simulation of surprised joy upon her countenance. " You want me, Wilson, den't you ? How glad I am that you are better. You will soon Ket etrone again. You mvy leave nt, nurse, for a while. What is it, dear ?" The nurse left the sick chamber, and her ladyship took a seat, looking bright and beautiful as an angel, beside her husband, who had aged terribly during his illness. " Hasn't my cousin come yet, fiuth !" "Your cousin!" she said, opening her eyes with the moat perfect assumption of surprise, " why, be has not been sent for, has he?" "hot been sent for? Why I told you to •end for him, didn't I!" " No! no! I assure you " "1 know that I did, and you promised to send at once." " You muBt have been mistaken, dear. Iu your late condition you might easily imagine that you did, but I assure you that you are mistaken." " I feel confident that I was right, but its no use talking about it. I want to see Walter at once. I will send a telegram to him immediately. Where is my man. Williams ?" "I will see about it going, Wilson. Do not let it trouble you," said Ruth, with sweet solicitude. " No, I'll send it Send for Williams." When his valet came, Wilson dictated to him the following message :— "Dear Cousin—Come to the Prioiy at onr I mm dying. Must see you. Have muck to tell you." Lose no time in dispatohing the message, Williams," said Wilson. "It will reaoh Walter in half an hour, and he'll get here some time to-night." The valet departed on hie errand, and then L&dy; Bath expected that her husband would have told her why he wanted hbyoung kinsman io particularly, but he said not a word, and soon sf ter fell asleep. After waiting a little Lady Ruth crept from the. room, wondering still what Wilson wanted to tell Walter, and if she would get to be present during their conversation. The telegram reached Walter late in the afternoon, and he was amazed at the intelligence it contained, for he had not had the slightest intimation of his relative's illness. Walter at once started' for Aidayne. reaching the Priory a little before nine. He found Wilson anxiously awaitine his coming, quite sane now, but looking terribly ill. Lady Ruth was with her husband, and she expected that her old lover would have been confused and awkward upon meeting her unin. But Walter met her quite aoolly. His eyes met her's frankly, as though they bad never been "more than kind" to each other. Her crafty ladyship had been beside her husband for the last hour, thinking that if she were in the room when Walter came WUson would not ask her to leave whilst he conversed with his relative. Bat her soheming did not serve her. To her intense chagrin her husband requested her to withdraw, and she had no choice, so obeyed. " How long have you been ailing?" said Walter as he seated himself by the bed. Your telegram amazed me. But, you are not so bad as you imagine, Wilson ?" " I'm bad enough, Walter, and feel that I shan't get over it. But is it true that you had not heard of my illness before receiving my telegram?" " True enocgb, I asaure you; but you have not been ill long, have you !" " It is strange that Ruth didn't send yoa word of my attack. I have been ill since a few days after my wife was confined, and almost all that time have been nnconscious. No one is aware of my attack, but I will tell vou. I was always inclined to scepticism—I flouted tfce idea of ghosts and such things, but 1 believe them now. " Never mind talking about it if it troubles you," said Walter- thinking that Wilson wu wandering again though he looked sensible enough, ( To be Continued,) 