THE LIBYAN, AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. Chapter V.— A Pagan Hermit, Old and Gray. At the age of Ib the lad Arms was very thoroughly informed in knowledge of the king dom of heaven, as that knowledge had been taught in the Church from the very days of Jesus and the twelve. In those days the only written authorities relied upon by Christians were the four gospels and the Acts of the Apostles. The letters of Paul, especially those written against Judaism, the epistleB of Peter, oi jonn, ot -iuae, ot tiernias, irenseuB, foly carp, and others, were held in high esteem as the deliberate utterances of wise and pious men ; but even the humblest Christian never hesitated to quote the gospels aud the Acts againit any of them with whose opinions he was dxseatufied. The wilderness of creeds and dogmas which in later timeB grew up out of these epistles was entirely unknown to primi tive Christianity ; yet the perusal of them was advantageous to the young man in many waya. The journeys of Paul aroused in his active mind a keen desire to know more of tha world, arid of the religion, manners, and customs of other cations ; and the knowledge that Ammonius had acquired of different lands and peoples, both by his sea faring observations and by such reading and conversation as circumstances had rendered possible to him, seemed to have been absorbed by hie sod in the long years of constant aud affectionate intercourse between them, and this was no small stock of infor mation, for the Mediterranean wab then in every sense the 'middle' sea, the highway of the wrrfd; and it 'was impossible for a shrewd intelligent shipowner and sailor like Ammonias to navigate its waters for years without beiDg brought into personal contact with rr.en ottt of every nation coder bearen. In the same way the lad had almost uncon scioBBly acquired an intimate koovledge of the fauna and flura of Pytecaica, aqd in fact of Northern Libya, and could name almost every plant, animal, bird, and insect in the vicinity of Baucalis ; eo thet even at this early age he had laid the foundations of future acquisi tions in every department of knowledge that was in any way accessible unto him, and had acquired a sturdy habit of independent thought and examination about everything that cane within the range of his observation. On Sabbath evenings (the word Sunday was then unknown to the Christian world) he loved to wander along the seashore or through the wooded mountains that everywhere around Baucalis roEe up from the water's edge and rolled away like gigantic and immovable billows high and higher southwardly toward the great Barcan plateau. On one bright afternoon he had wandered farther westward than ever before, going far beyond tbe limits of the land appurtenant to the farm, fie was weary with climb ing over the endless ?hills, and reslined to rest upon a projecting rock beneath an ample shade of forest trees, and gazed away over the calm and brillimt expanse of the peaceful Mediterranean, But not long had he rested there when his quick ear caught tbe sound of slow and measured footfalls as eooce unseen person paced slowly back and forth upon a diminutive plateau that stretched Etill farther westwardly along the mountain side. The intervening foliage hid the persson from sight, and the lad's curiosity being aroused by the presence of a stranger in a spot eo secluded he quietly went forward, and a, few steps brought him to the place where thiB little stretch of level ground, had been care fully denuded of trees and seemed to be culti vated as a garden. Then he saw a tall, gray! haired, venerable-looking man, with downcast eyes and slow, deliberate step coming in his direction along a narrow walk that lei directly through the cultivated land. Almost at the same instant the aged man parceived him also, but quietly pursued his way, and, when he had come near, Arius respectfully bowed and saluted him. The ancient returned his salutation, and added words which the boy did not understand, but the lad said, in the Greek toDgue, then in common use through Cytenaica: 'I think thou speakest the language of Egypt, which I do not compre hend. If thou wilt speak in Lstin or in Greek, I can understand thy wishes or thine orders.' The old man gazed at him in astonishment, but answered in the Greek tongue: 'Surely thou art an Egyptian J and in the coarse of a long life I have never met with a son of Egypt that could not speak his mother tongae if lie coulc1 speak at all !' « 'Yea, sir,' answered Arms, 'I am alto gether a son of Egypt, although bora on an adjacent farm, but my parents would never use that language, and while they carefully instructed me in Greek and in Latin and in Hebrew and in the Aramean tongue of the Israelites now in use they would never permit me to learn an Egyptian word.' ' Strange enough !' said the ancient. ' Dost thou know any reason why thy parents thus forbade thee to acquire the primitive ^ and wonderful old speech of the land of Kem ?' ' Yea, sir,' answered Ariu3. ' I have heard my father say that in his childhood he was placed in a temple and dedicated to Ammon, and that when he grew older he liked neither the temple nor the god. and fled away to follow another course of life ; and I think that hs believed the language of the Nile region to poEsets some pesufiir power over every eon of Egypt, and that to preserve me from that influence, whatever it may be, he desired of me that I would never seek to learn that speech— at least not for many years to come.' 'And thy father was wie,' cried the ancient, ' for, if ever the powers of darkness gave any gift to man, it surely was the strange language of the dwellers by the Nile. Cen turieB before there were any eucu people as Grefke and Romans, centuries before the Israelites became a nation, so long ago that the universe seems growing old since thsnj'and the earth itself hath codded out of the line on which the mighty pyramid was built up to point to the polar star, even then, boy, the language of Egypt was a perfect instrument of thought, adapted with superhuman canning to the purposes of idolatry, with rhythms and intonations in the utterance of it. that prick the sensuality of human nature like a goad and deaden conscience with some mysterious witch like power which the intelligence can no more resibt than the charmed bird can escape the python's fascination, and no more explain than it can explain why the iron touched by the magic stone pointeth for evermore unto the north. It is the natural language of sensualism and idolatry, and onght to be blotted out of human speech. I tell thee, lad, thy father was wise to forbid thee from seeking to acquire that fearful tongue.' 'But thou art thyself an Egyptian,' said Arius, 'and I euppote thou hast long. used the wondetful language which thou dost condemn.' ' Yea,' answered the ancient, 'but the speech I use is the hieratic form, invented by the priests for the very purpose of keepiog their souls free from the polluting power of the popular forms of speech, to which a pure thought or expression is well-nigh impossible. But didst thou come hither to seek me out,' asked the ancient, ' or was thy coming acci dental ? What is thy name ? Of what religion art tbon ? Why hast thou come to me ? The old man spoke hurriedly aud apparently with much anxiety, and the boy could not con jecture the cause of his manifest excitement, but after a moment's reflection up -in the bitter and strange denunciation of man's ancient speech, and the subsequent things spoken by his companion, he replied in singularly magical and persuasive toneB, the mesmeric light burn ing in his eyes, the bold peculiar head erect aud slightlj bending forward toward him whom he addressed — ' My name, sir, is Arius ; my coming hither is purely accidental, as I sup . posed this mountain-side to be entirely unin habited ; my religion is that of our Lord and Saviour JeBus Christ.' 'Thou art a Christian,' said the ancient, in tones of great astonishment; 'ao youagtoo, but clear, bold, and settled in the new faith, as thy voice and manner undoubtedly proclaim. I am much pleased with thee, boy. Come thou with me, where I dwell alone, for I desire to speak with thee more fully. Wilt thou not come, Ariue V '??Willingly, sir, if the distance be not too great,' replied the lad. ' It ib very nigh,' said the ancient ; and then he turned and followed the path west for per hapB fifty yards, and then the path led south wardly for about the same distance, and stopped at an abrupt and densely-wooded ele vation in the side of the mountain. Arius saw tfaatarosgh but substantial stone wall formed the outside of a room that was for the most part composed of a cavity under the rock, and having passed through a door, on each side of which was a long, narrow window admitting light into tbe apartment, the ancient said, ' Here ib my dwelling, Arius ; come thou ?within.' The room was nearly 20 feet Equate ; the floor was smoothly covered with dry, white sand, procured, perhaps, by pulverising- sand rocks taken from the mountain ; there was a wooden table iu the middle of the apartment, above which a huge oil lamp was suspended, and a smaller table upon one side, upon which rested a complete service of beautifully fashioned earthen plates, cups, pitchers, dishes, and Btmilar articles. There were several large and comfortable chairs made of huge reeds curiously interwoven, and a couch constructed of tbe same material, and covered deep but smoothly with lamb skinB, dressed with the wool on. Everything about theplacein dicated a rather coarse but genuineoomfort, even to the presence of several beautiful goats that came with their kids to the door and gazed in at. the old man with confi lence and affection, aB if he were a familiar and trustworthy friend. ' Be thou seated, my son,' said the ancient, ' and if thou wilt eat, I have here goat's milk, bread, and dried fish and fruits in abundance.' i*T AWl Vl/lf: On liliVirvavoH ' .**«nn*nHn*J ^tiA M. out uvw ««u wu«5»1]U) Z&UOVVOftGU; ||UI3 Jad, 'but partake of the bread and milk to honor thy hospitality,' which he did, and found both excellent. 'Thy very palatable bread,' he said, ' is the same with that made at my home by Thopt, and is, she saith, the same that priests at Memphis always preferred to eat.' 'Even so,' replied the ancient, 'and at Memphis for many years, indeed, I did eat thereof, and learned there the manner of the preparation of '.t.' And when the lad had finished his slight rppasttheold man *aid — 'Thou art a Chris tian, boy ; in what, then, dost thou believe ? Tell me briefly, what doat thou believe ?' Then the lad stood up as he bad been accus tomed to do at home ; the fine but peculiar head involuntarily erected itself upon his long and shapely neck, and drooped a little for ward, a strange, scintillant light gleamed in bis sweet, dark eyes; his elevated aud ex tended right hand waved gently from side to side like the baton of a music-master; and his musical, pene trating voice rarjg out clearly and in ciBively as he said — 'I believe in God the Father Almighty, and in Jesus Christ, his only-begotten Son, our Lord, who was oon ceived of the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary, crucified under Pontius Pilate, dead, and buried ; the third day he rose from tbe dead, and ascended into heaven, and sitteth on the right hand of God the Father Almighty, whence he shall come to judge the quick and the dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost, in the holy common church, in the forgiveness of sin, in the resurrection of the dead, and in the life everlasting. Amen !'? 'So thou believest!' laid the ancient. ' But why dost thou say ' only- begotten' son ? Are not all men tbe sons of God, even as the Greek poet saitb, 'For we also are his off spring?' 'Yea?' answered Arius, 'all men are his sons by creation, and some of them by adop tion— Jesus alone by generation ; he was ' be gotten,' not made.' 'True 1 true !' said the ancient ; 'so teach the gospels, which I have here with me. So thou believes! ! When didst thou learn this faith, thou whole Egyptiun ; and dost thou sever donpt it V 11 1 know not when I learned it,' answered Arius : ' I was learning it from my mother when Z lay helplessly upon her breast ; I was learning it from my father when he dandled me upon his knees ; every day and hour of my life I have learned it more and more ;' aud then, involuntarily rising upon, his tiptoes, like a python standing upon its .tail, with his head erect and bending sKghtly_ forward, and sparkling eyes agieam, he exclaimed, and I never was Buch an idiot as to doubt it at all.' Then, as if modestly conscious of some im propriety in such demonstrative utterances in the presence of one so aged and venerable, he sank lower upon his chair with an ingenuous blueh. ^ „ ., ? O glorious certitude of youthand hppe,'said the ancient mournfully. 'O bold, triumphant faith, fitting its possessor for happy and jubilant exertion in the accomplishment of all life's aims and purposes. Thou wast ' never each an idiot as to doubt it.' But I, that have seen nigh fourscore years of misery, do doubt it much and painfully. I that have mastered all the arts, science, and religion of ancient Egypt— a land that was wrinkled with age centuries before the era of old Moses ; I that know both all tbat the priests of Kem ever taught the people, and alto the higher and more recondite forms of ignorance in which the priests them selves believed — I verily know nothing ! ^ I can scarcely believe in anything save universal spiritual darkness, for which no day-spring cometh ; and universal wretchedness, for which there is no cure. O wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from this body of death V (To he continued.) 