TELE OUTLAWS OF TUN STALL FOREST:' A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WORLD. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Author ul “ Island," Etc. BOOK I. THE TWO LADS. OHAPTHK VII. TUH HOODHD FAO». Th®? awoke in toe giey of tbe morning; •be birds were; not jet in fall Bong, but twittered, here and there among tbe woods J 4ne buu was not tet up, but tho eastern eky tfftB barred with aolenm colours. Half and overweary aa they were, they lay without niovitiK, bunk in a delightful laaai* ■tuae. And m they ihus luy, tho clang of a bell fell suddenly upon their ears. A bell V Buid Dick, B ttinir up. 1 Can we be, tbeu, bo ne*r to Holywootl ? A btile after, the bell clanged again, but this time s inowhut noarer baud ; and from ihat timo forth, und athl drawing nearer and nearer, it ooutiuued to aouna brokenly •broad in the ailtnue of the morning. 'Nay, what ahould this betoken?’ Baid Dick, who wna now broad uwake. * It ia some one walking/ returned Matcham, 1 aud tbe beli tolletn ever aa he •moveB,' f I eee that well,* said Dick. ' But where lore ? ■ What umkeih he in Tan at all Wooda? Jack/, he added, ' laugh ut me auye will, but Hike not tbe hnlli«w bound of it/ ‘Nay/ eaid Macham, with a Bhiver, ‘it hath a doleful noie. An the day were not come-;—’ „ But-juatthen tho bell, quickening ita pace, began to ring thick and hurried, and then it gave a atnvlo Hammering j^nglo, and was silent,for a apace ' It is as though the bearer had run for n pater-noftter white, and then leaped the river/,Diok observed. . * Aid now begmneth he again to paoe Soberly forward/ added Matcham. 'Nay/' ,rHturned . Dick—‘nay, not bo ■soberly, J»ck Tie a man that walketh you right Speedily. ‘Tib a man in Borne fe»r of bve life, or about booio Lurried buBinesa. See ye not how swift the be*tingidrawoth near ?' ' It ia now close by/ said Matcham. They were now on the edge of the pit; and astbe?pit ic.ee! f was on a certain eminence, tbsy commanded a view over the greater proportion uf ihe clearing, up to the thick woods that closed it in. The daylight, which was very clear and grey, J'Bhowed them a riband, of white foot path wandering among the gorse. It paeeed some'.handred yards from tbe pit, and ran the whole length of the clearing, east and weat/' By tbe hue of its coarse, Diok judged it ahould lead more or leas directly to the Moat'Houau Upon this path, stepping forth from tbe margin of the wood, a white figure now appeared. It paused a little, and seemed to look about j and then, at a alow pace, and bent l almtJBt - double, it began to draw near1 .'across the heath. Ai every itep the ’bell clanked Face, it had none ; * white"1 hood, not even pierced with eye-boles, veiled the bead; and as tbe creature moved, it seemed to feel ita way with the tapping of a stick, Fear fell upon the lads, uBcold us death, ‘Aleper V ahd Dick, boaiBOly, 1 HiB touch iB death/ said Matcham. 1 Let ‘Nog so/ returned Dick. ‘See ye not ?— he ia atone blind. He guideth him with a Staff/ L t us lie mill; tbe wind blowoth towards the path, uud he will go by and hurt ua not. Alue, poor soul; and we should rather pity him 1 ‘Iwill pity him when ho is by,' replied Matcham. The blind leper was now about balf-way towatdB ibem, and juBt then the buu rose‘and Bhoue full on hia veiled face. He bad been u tall man before he wqb bowed by hiB diauuBting sickneas, and even now be walked with a vigorous step. The diemal beatiug of hia bell, tho patterfng of the stick, the eyeieaa screen before bia countenance, and )ther knowledge that he was not only doomed to deutb and Buffering, but shut out (or ever from the touch of hie fellow men, filled the lade1 boeoma with dismay; and at every etep that brought him nearer, their courage and strength seemed to desert them; Ab be came about level with tbe pit, he paused, and turned his face fall upon the fids. 1 Mary be my ebteld ! He BeeanBl' Bald ftfatebam, faintly. * Hush 1' whispered Dick, 'He doth but hearken. He is blind, fool. The leper looked or listened, whichever he was really doing, for some seconds. Theu He began to move on again, but presently ed once more, and again turned, and ■onme^to* gaM upon tho lads.'; Evefri/IeJr white and dosed hia eyes, aa if became dead wn might beoomd infected, ^the.mere sight he ^ But.»o°n tbe he»Hl*ion. the leper ,hB .emuia/er of (he little heath ^disappeared into to. covert ot ebe W<^He aaw us,’ eaid M‘tcW ' I could. Dlk, recovering some ^ •f« but heard ue. He sparks of courag • ^ An ye were blind was 1° ,Je!VM 'I. oeri(lua' 11' (tot, re would •pd walked in twig ,natledora bird -.tart yoaiBelt.il evw n/< he B»w na*’ repeated • Dick, good_lV\a man berkenetb, be M»toh»co. rvjg man j he doth olher doth r-.ot “{Lfe .m seeing ; -it was not wise,. Dick. tanB foully. Hark else, if i&FiK; “stopped I’ hie bell be u^, caae< The bell rang no Such w» longer, j Hick. 11 like not that. Nay,’ N»r vg-iio, 11 like that little. Whet he crrtjecoben t list ns go.' by the mas. !' J) •Whet leper.’ ■ttBok, y' are too cowardly,' replied Dick. i Bhall go fair far Holy wood, or as fair, least, as I con guide you, and that will be je north.’ /They <.ere afoot at once, passed the itre.rp upon some stepping-stones, and /beae** *o mount011 the other aide, which was '...Sper, towards the margin of the wood ! ,-fhev ground -became very uneven, foil of I /knolla’Sud hollows ; - and trees, grew scat tered. or in clumps: it became difficult to dho^lle 'a path, and the lads Bomewhat wan dered,-.' They were weary, besides,' with yesterday's exertions, and the laok of food, and -they moved but heavily and dragged Iheir feet among tbe sand, Pres'ehtly, coining to' tbe top of a knoll, they were aware of the loper, some hundred teat in front of them, crossing the line of their, march by a hollow. Hie bell was Silent, hiB staff no longer tapped the ground, and..he went before him with the swift and assured footsteps of a man who sees. Next moment he had disappeared into a little thicket. The lads, at tbe first glimpse, had crouohed behind a tnft of goran ; there they lay, horror 1 Certain, be pnraneth us,' said Dick— 1 certain I He held the clapper of bis bell in one band, Baw ye,' that it should not •onhd. -Now may the saint, aid end guide -we, -for I have no strength to combat pesti lence r __ 'What maketh he?’ cried Ms Cham, ' What doth he want ? Who ever'heard the Uke,' i that a leper, out of mere malice, -IhdOld ’ pursue' unfortunates ? Hath he' not his bell to that very end, that people may -•void'" him ? - Dick, there is. below this Something deeper.' '•Nay; "I care not,’ moaned Diok ; ‘ tbe gtrsngth is gone ont of me ; my legs are like watery The esinta be mine assistanceT '{•Would ye Ue there idle ?' cried Uatcham. 'twins b>ok into, the open. We have tbe better chance; he oannot steal upon ne nnnwares.' . ' Not I,’ said Dick. ' My time ia come, end peradventnre he may pus ns by.' ' Bend m« then your bow 1’ cried the other. ‘ What 11 Wilt ye be e man ?' Dick crossed himself, ' Would ye have me’ehoot nponaleper?' he died. * The hand wonld fail me. Nay, now,' he "added—1 n-*y, now,1 let be I With eonnd men I will fight, but not with ghosts and lepers. Which this is, I wot not. One or Other, Heaven he our protection !' ' Now,1 said Matcham, ' if this be man's eonr.ge. what » poor thing ia man 1 But lith ye will do nought, let na lie dose,' Thbn came a single, broken jangle on the bell.' " ... > ■ 'He hath miteed bit hold npon the •tapper,' whispered Matcham. ' Saints, how near he i. 1' V'.' But Diok answered neVer a word ; his teeth were hear chattering. There'is no man brave all rnnnd ; and the horror of this pursuit by a hooded lepei had -fonnd the weak place in young Shelton’s armonr. " .' Soon they saw a piece of tbe white robe between earns tmehesp then tbe leper's bead was thrnst forth from behind a trunk, and he Beirut*; hi r w ylo uofto the neighbour. p°°? before he once agtlin withdrew. To their stretched senses, the whole bash appeared •live with rustlings tmd the crunk of twigs, hou J165 ar£^tho beat‘nK each other's Suddenly, with a cry, the leper sprang into Jbe open dose by, »ud ran straight upon the Uas. They shrieking aloud, eepara'ed, and began to ran different ways, but their horrible enemy fastened upon Matcbatn, ran him Bwiftly down, aud had him almost mstant'y a prisoner. The lad guvo one scream that echoed high and far over the fores L:; he hud oue spism of struggling, and then all bis limbs lelaxed, and he fell limp into hia capt'»r'fl arms, Dick heard the 'ey and turned. He paw Mutchtnn fall ; and on the instant his spirit and strength revived, With a cry of pit> and anger be unstrung and bant his arbiast Bat ere he bad time to ahoot tb* leper held up his bund ‘Hold your shot, Dickon l* cried a familiar voice. 4 H- Id your shot, mad wag. Know ye not a friend ?' And then laying down Mate! am on the turf, he undid the hood from off bis face, and dige onod the features of Sir Daniel Brucktay. . 1 Sir Daniel 1' cried Dick. ‘ ' Ay* by the nmaa, Sir Daniel,' said the knight, 4 Would ye shoot upon your guardian,rogue? But bere is this-’ And ther»- he broke off, and pointing to Mntchmn, *akpd : ’ How cull ye him, Dick ?’ ' Nay,* said Dick. ' I call blm faster Matcham. Know ye him not ? He aaid ye knew him.* 4 Ay,* replied Sir Daniel, * 1 know the lad and he chuckled.. 4 But ho baa fainted, and, by my aooth, he might have had leas to faint for. Hey, Dick ? Did I put the fear of death upon you V 4 Iudeed, Sir Daniel, ye did that,’ Biid Dick, and sighed ngaiu at the mere recollec* tion, 4 Nay, sir, saving your reBpeot, I had as lief a' met the devil in person ; und to speak truth, I am yet all a-quake* But what made ?e4 sir, in such a guise 1' Sir Daniel’a brow grew suddenly black witb * VVhat made I ?' he said. * Ye do well to mind mo of it. What? I skulked for my noorlifein my own wood of Tunainll, Dick. We were ill-aped at the battle ; we but got there to be swept among the rout, Where be all iny good men-at-arms ? Dick, by the mass, I know not. We were awept down ; the Hhot fell thick among ub. I have dot seen oue umn in my own colours ainoe 1 eaw three full, Fur myself, I came oouud tu Shoreby, and being mindful of the Black Arrow, got me this gown and bell, and cam* softly by the path for tb» Moat House There is no disguise to be compared with it; the jiugio of this bell would scare me th* Btoute^t outlaw in the forest; they would all turn pule to hear it. At length 1 camo by you and Matcbam. I could see but evilly through this aumehoud, und was not Bure of you, being chiefly, and for many a good cause, ustonisbed at the finding you together. Moreover, iu the open, where I had to go slowly and tap with my stave, I feared to disclose myself. Bat Bee,’ he added, ‘this poor Bhrew begins a little to revive. A little good canary will comfort me the heart of it.’ The knight, ‘ from under his long dross, produced a Btout bottle, and bee*n to rub the temples end wet the lips of the putiont, who letunn-d Rruduaily to conscious ness, and begun to roll dim eyes from one to another. 4 What cheer, Jack ?’ said Dick. * It was no leper, after all 1 It was Sir'Daniel. See Y 1 Swallowme a good draught of this,4 aaid the knight, * This will Rive you manhood. Thereafter, I willgive you both a meal, and we shall all three *on to Tunatull. For Dick/ he continued, Uymg forth bread and meat upon the RraBS, 41 will avow to you in all good conscience, it irks me sorely to be Bate between lour wuIIb. Not sinoe I baoked a horse nave I been pressed so hard ; peril of life, jeopardy of land and livelihood, and tu sum up, all theao loads in the wood to hunt, me down. But 1 be not yet Bhent. Some of my lads will pick me their way home, Hatch hath ten fellows ; Sdden, he had six. Nay, we shall Boon be strong again ; and if 1 cau but buy my peace with my right for tunate and undeterving Lord of York, why, Diok^we’Jl be a man again and go a horse* And, so saying, the knight filled himself a horn of canary, and pledged his ward in dumb show, 4 Selden/ Dick faltered—* Selden——* and he paused again. Sir Daniel put down the wine antaated, * How Y he cried, in a changed voice. ■4 Selden—speak. What of Selden ?’ Dick Btammered, forth, the tale of the ambush and the massacre. The . knight, hraid iu silence; but as he ii&tenid.; hie countenance became convulsed and grief. , 'i1 Now here/ he cried, 4 on my right band I •wear to avenge it J If that I fail, if that 1 spill not ten men's souls for each, may this hand wither from my body ? I broke this Duckworth like a rush ;1 beggared him to his door. I burned tbe tbatcb about his bead j 1 drove him from this country ; and now oometh be back to beard me? Nay, but, Duck worth, but thia time it shall go bitter hato l1 He was silent for st.me time, bis face working. , ' ifiat/he cried i-uddenly, 'And yoahere?' he added to Matohatn, ' swear me an oath to ioIIow straight to the Moat House. • 41 will pledge mine honour/ replied Match am, ' What make I with your honour?4 cried the knight. Swear me upon your mother's welfare 1' . Matchamgftve the required oath ; and Sir ' Daniel readjusted the hood over hia face.and . prepared his bell and staff. To see him once more in that appalling iraveitia somewhat 1 revived the horror of bis two companions. But ' tbe knight was soon upon his feet. 4 Hat with a despatch/, he said, 4 and follow 1 me yarely to mine house.’ ( And with , that he set forth again into the . woods ; and presently after the bell began to 1 sound, numbering hit steps, and the two lout 4 aat by thou- untested meal, and heard it die ' slowly away up hill into tbe distance. ‘•And so ye go, to Tunatall 1' Dick in quired. 1 Yea, verily/ said Matcbam, 4 when needs 1 must 1 am braver behind Sir Daniel's back ! than to bis face ?' J They ate hastily, and set forth along the 1 path through the airy upper levels of tbe f. forest, where, great beeches, stood apart j1 among green lawns, and the birds and j1 squirrels made merry on the boughs. Two 1 houtB later, they began to deaoend upon the ’ other side, and already among the tree-tops, 1 eaw before them tbe red walls and roofs of 1 Tunatall home. , ,, j ' Here/ Bald Matcbam, pausing, 1 ye shall * take your leave of your friend, Jack, whom 1 y' are to «*ee no more. Come. Dick, forgive him what he did amis*, as he, for bis part, 1 cheerfully and lovingly forgivethyou.' VAnd wherefore so?' asked Dick. 'An 1 we both go ,io Tanstall, I shall see yon yet * again, 1 trow/and that right often.1 1 4 Ye'U never ag*in see poor Jack Matcbam/ replied the other, 1 that was so fearful and ! burtbensome, and yet plucked you from tbe i river ; ye'll not see him more, Dick, by mine i honour.1 He held his arms open, and the i lads embraced and kissed. 4 And, Dick/ ' continued Matcbam, 4 my spirit bodeth ill, 1 Y'- are now to see a new Sir Daniel ; for heretofore hath all prospered in hie hands ! exceedingly, and fortune followed him ; but now, methinks, when his fate hath come upon him, and he rana the adventure of his life, he will prove but a foul lord to both of □s, He may be brave in battle, but he hath the liar's eye ; there is fear in his eye, Dick, and tear is bb cruel a9 the wolf. We go down into that house, Saint Mary guide us forth again.' And eo they continued their descent in silenoe, and came out at.laat before Sir Daniel's forest stronghold, where it stood, low and shady, flanked with round towers and stained with moss and lichen, in the lilted watersof the moat Even as they appeared, the doors were opened, tbe bridge lowered, and Sir .Daniel himself, with Hatch' and . the parson at his side, stood ready, to receive 