GHOST HUNTING AT MOONEE PONDS. A correspondent writes, giving his experience of ghost hunting with some other young bloods of Moonee Ponds, who, one Sunday evening after church, decided to if possible unearth the ghost, who, it was stated, always " walked" on certain roads after dark. Five of these adventurous spirits, brimful of courage (outwardly, at any rate,) accordingly started off, keeping close together, (of course, for the sake of company,) on the ghost's track. On arriving at the corner of Ardmillan road and Mantel street, they stopped to hold a council of war, which, however, was suddenly disturbed by some lads shouting out that they had seen the ghoBt, who was carrying on at a fine rate near some neighbouring corner. The ' young bloods' glanced at each other, just , little neivoiisfy, and evidently thought it would not do to all speak at once—not, of course, that they were in the least bit afraid of the ghost—nothing of the kind, but simply because they did not wish to do anything rash. At last, with a great effort, one who is known amongst his associates as " the honest party " bravely suggested that they should go in a certain direction (whether to meet or avoid his ghoBtship, does not much matter,)" while " Nap per" urged that they should make tracks with all speed to Eeaendon. The courage of tbe party had, however, by this time somewhat revived, and it was accordingly determined to proceed to the spot indicated by the lads, who by-theby were anxioUBly waiting to see whether their seniors wore game to follow the dreaded spectre, and were getting rather impatient at tbe delay. The next question was who was to go first; no one seemed )articularly desirous to accept tbe post of lonor, but, finally, the " honest party" took the lead and the other four adventurous youths tremblingly followed in bis wake until the corner was safely reached, and then—no ghost was to te seen. After remaining a few minuteB each secretly wishing he was safe at home. " Napper" bravely suggested that they should separate, and go down different streets. To the intense. disgust of all the proposal was agreed to and accordingly "the honest party" and "young twin" -went in one direction- and "Napper,' Bluey," and "King of the Forest," in another, but previously it was arranged to meet at the nearest corner to exchange ideas and jeport.progreiB* When they, again met, the following'colloquy ensued: " Is that you, Honest ?" Yes 1- Seen anythiog ? No 1 Have you ? No, but my word that was a dark road we came along; black as pitch. What's that? suddenly cried 'Napper' excitedly, printing to something shining, and apparantly moving, and all clustered together again in anxious suspense. Come on and see, at length said ' Young Twin/ who had a stick, and solve this terrible mysteryi and with some hesitation they all prooeeded in Iadiau file towards the spot, only {to their threat relief) to find that the alarming object was, what—the corner of a bouse lit up by a street lamp. All hearts beat regularly again, and ' Bluey ^ suggested that he thought they had enough adventure for one night, and it was about time to go home. This was unanimously approved of, and it was agreed. that the expedition should be abandoned, each secretly vowing that the next time he went ghost hunting it should be in the day time. 