IARMUDY v. WAPLES. TUE DITER BITTEN. THE foot-race between W. E. Carmody, of Shellharbour, and W. Waples, tifFig Tree, came off on Saturday afternoon, on the Centennial Athletic Ground, Garden Hill, in the presence of fully 600 people. The race itself was a very hollow affair, Carmody winning with ridiculous ease. There was a feeling abroad before the event came off that it was not " on the square;" and as it afterwards transpired, such was the understanding, to at least one of the party, but the result was altogether dif ferent to what he anticipated, as, instead of being the biter, he was himself bitten. Those who know anything of the men are perfectly satisfied that Waples hadn't a ghost of a show against Car. mody with 2 yards in 180, and no one knows this better than Waples himself, After the race (if such it can be called), the truth began to leak out. Waples, maddened at being " sold," let.the cat out of the bag. Fromi his statements is appeared that though the best man had won, the race was a swindle; that it was arranged that lie (Waples) should win ; and that he had letters In his possession from Carmody that such an arrangement had been entered into. It was a case of" diamond cut dia. mibud." Instead of the public be ing swindled and defrauded, one of the " knowing ones " was himself" had," So much for Waples's version. Car mody, on his part, states that it was his intention to win all along. Waples sag geste3 a swindle to him, but as some of his friends had been good enough to back him, he was not going to throw them over, esuecially when he had such a " soft thing" on. Mr. W. B. Green, of the Terminus Hotel, who put up the stakes for Carmody, and who wins a large sum, explains the affair as follows: -BSome time ago, he agreed to back Carmody to run Waples a match of 180 yards, the latter to receive two yards start. A deposit wi's made on condition that Carmody was agreeable to run, Green wrote to Carmody telling him of the match, and it afterwards transpired that Waples had written on the same day pointing out how they could " bleed Billy Green if they worked a proper swindle." Carmody replied to both, promising to fall in with their views. Later on Waplee and some of his friends wanted to lay £40 with Green,.and this aroused the latter's suspicions that all was not right. He had an interview with Carmody, from whom he learne3 that he was offered £20 from Waples to lose the match. Green went £5 more, and Carmody finding that he could get wagers at.2 and 1, took as much money as he could lift, and " scooped the pool." The stakes and some wagers, in all £90, are in the hands of Mr. J. Staff, who declines to pay the money over until the dispute is settled. The matter is likely to be heard of in Court, when some dirty linen will doubtless be washed in public. A writ has been serve) on the pro prietors of the Daily Neuws at the suit of several Chinese gardeners of South Perth, who claim £6000 damages for allcgod libel, 