GENERALITIES. A beggar in London had been a long tima besieging an old gouty, testy, limping gentle* man, who refused his mite with much irritability ; on which the mendicant said—"Ah, plase your Honor's honor, I wish your heart was as tender as your toes." " Well," remarked Mrs. Brown, " I'va noticed this about men : When we are girls they don't go way until after midnight, and when we are wives they don't come in till after midnight. I suppose it is the law of compensation, and I don't complain." " I hear, laird, ye are giun to be married !" " Yea, Sandy, and what no for V " A weelf 1 dinna ken ! But if you will tak' an auld man's advice, dinna tak' a wife wi' siller. My wife had twal punds when we married, and I niver hear't the end o't till it was a' dune." Mrs. Mayne Chance—" My dear, you hava my sympathy. So that rich old humbug has broken off his engagement with you. You have his letters, and have seen a lawyer, of course ?' Miss Piper—"Ob, certainly ; but he made an assignment laet week !" Mrs. M. C. —" The wretch !" Magistrate (to prisoner,—" You say, Uncle Rastus, that you took the bam because yoa are out of work and your family is starving. And yet I understand you have four dogs about the house." Uncle Rastus— Yes, sah ; but I wuddent arsk my family to 41 eat dogs, yo' Honah." Daughter (somewhat elderly)—" Mamma, I think Mr. Sampson intends to propose tonight." Mother—" Oh, T hope he will. He is desirable in every way." " If he does, mamma, ought T to be a little reserved and distant—just at first, you know ?' " No, dear ; I don't think you had better take any chances." Miss Chatty Lafite (showing her library to friend)—" Yes, that's Browning. It's awfully good, I suppose ; but I don't understand all of it. I like something lighter." Friend— " And you have Praed 1' Miss Lafite (blushing a little)—" Yes, I have. But it didn't do any good." Friend drops the subject. An Austin colored man witb protruding eyes rushed into a justice's office and exclaimed—" I wants Colonel Jones, who libs nex door to me, put under a million dollars bonds : ter keep de peace." " Has be threatened your life T' " He has done that berry ding. He said he were g'wine to fill the ntx" niggah be found after dark in bis hen-house plum full of buckshot." Scene—A Suffolk village school. Government inspector examining a class on the subject of the Witch of Epdor and Samuel's ghost. Government Inspector—" Well, boys, what did the Witch of Eudor think she saw ?" (Pause.) First Boy—" Plaze, sir, that wur aa appurition." Government Inspector—" Quite right; but what is an apparition 1" (Longer pause.) Second Boy—" Plaze, sur, that he a spectur !" Government Inspector — " Yes, yes, quite right again, so far ; but what's a spectre?" .(Prolonged pause.) Bright Boy (in a wild lalsetto)—" Plaze, sur, that be a gentleman as goo about examinin' scules !" A farmer about 50 years old one day lately Btopped a number of people in the street to enquire his way to a gymnasium, and he was finally asked if he was going to take lessons in boxing. " No, not exactly," he replied, " but I want to see a thumper." He was directed to the right place, and after looking the establishment over he said to the proprietor—" I live out here about 14 miles. I've got a hired man who has got so sassy that I can hardly live with him. He's too big to lick with a , and I've got to cuff him up to a peak. £ want to take a lesson with the gloves, and when I go home I'll astonish John Henry with a bit of science." One of the boxers about tho place said he'd give a lesson for a dollar, and the old man peeled down to his undershirt and put on the gloves. He was shown how to pose and how to hold his guard, and then warned to look out for himself. " You play you are John Henry, the hired man," he said. " All right." " You've been fooling your time away, and I've called you a lazy coyote." "Exactly." " You have sussed me back, and I go for you like this—and this." And the old man struck right and left, and followed the boxer round the ring. He was doing noble work when something shot over his guard and hit his chin, and he went over like a log, and lay there until they threw water on him. Then he sat up, looked about in a dazed way, and feebly enquired—"What was it?'' "John Henry hit you." " He did, eh ? Then that settles it. Here's your dollar, young man, and here's the gloves. If I'm liable to get such a lick as that I'm goiog home to tell the hired mau he can boES the whole ranch and be hanged to him !" WELLS' HAIR BALSAM.—If gray, restores to original color. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming out; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. SKINNY MEN.—"Wells' Health Reuewer" restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility. At chemists and druggists. Moses Moss and Co., agents, Sydney. " BucHtr-PAlBA."—Quick, complete cure all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. Moses Moss and Co., agents, Sydney. "ROUGH ON CORNS."—Ask for "Wells' Rough on Corns." Quiet relief, complete, permanent cure. CornB, warts, bunions. At che« mists and druggists. 