, OURPICNIO. [By J. A.] , . CAIRO (continued.) \- ' Cairo seems a quiet enough place at night ; everything is very orderly, not to say dull ;. there is an entire absence of the flaunting vice one sees so much of in the streets of most large cities after nightfall, and the police in their white uniforms, with red ambushes and swords, have a pretty easy time of it. There's a couple of large public dancing and music saloons, a few gambling dens, the Esbekiyeh Gardens, where something is generally going on, and a band often plays, and now and then a theatrical or opera company pays the city a visit. The natives like sitting outside their cases, smoking their pipes such pipes and listening to some Arab storyteller. In the wider streets after dark you come across Egyptians placidly slumbering in public, sometimes on a mat on the pavement or kerb, under the colonnades, sometimes on an article exactly like a long poultry crate which they stow away on a vacant lot of odd corner during the day time. For the future that sentence in holy writ " Take up thy bed and walk " will have a very literal meaning to me. We spent part of our last day in Cairo among the tombs, and a more desolate region it would ber impossible to imagine. Not a tree, shrub, or blade of grass grows here. Nothing but a fine crop of tombstones, not even a weed is to be seen, all around is grey, dusty, sand and stones, and the roads, or rather tracks, that run in various directions are ankle deep in dust ; truly, it is " dust to dust " with a very " geance. The great bulk of the graves are, as sailfish friend remarked, covered with wooden tombstones all of the same pattern-a flat slab with an upright tablet at one end, and a little column, surmounted by a rudely carved representation of a turban, at the other. Some of the swagger tombs are enclosed with at rough wall, or have a square building like a cowshed over them ; some are surmounted by a little dome, looking like an inverted washing boiler, and others are secured in a sort of case. In places the graves have encroached on the outer or the houses on the graves and several times I saw dwellings with a cheerful arrangement of graves planted where in other countries the garden would be. Dotted here and there are the tombs of the Khalifa, " kings, rulers, and princes," quite large places, some even used at mosques, but all dirty and dilapidated. One of these places was in charge of a most awful looking old woman, who lives on the backsheesh of visitors, I don't think it can amount to much any way she does not get fat on it but she had a eat. Such, a oat ! Never in all my life did Else be thin an animal ; it was only . framework with a skin tightly stretched over it. How soon a thing could live I don't know, but it did, and its hollow inside was filled with a most awful mess, that sounded through the gruesome place in each an unearthly and uncanny manner that my blood ran cold. Ugh ! I suppose there hadn't been a funeral lately, and the beast was hungry. At the extremity of this ghouls country is the Hash el Basha or burial place of the Khedive's family, a gaudy marble mausoleum of considerable size, divided into several chambers, all as full as aldermen after a mayor's dinner. The bones of deceased members of the reign ing family are stored here in gaily ornamented receptacles all made after the same design, viz., a pyramid of oblong boxes commencing with an enormous chest at bottom, and tapering away to a small box on top, looking, with their queer inscriptions and bright colours something like a pile of gorgeous tea chests Yes, the interior of this palace of the dead it very gorgeous, but outside is a region of desolation and dust, whore Bore eyed children and malodorous goats repose together in the shadow of the sepulchre, and the ass walls his melancholy dirge as he wanders among the tombs. ' Another gay and festive suburb is the Coptic quarter. Upon my word, these Christians smell worse than the Mohammedans. . Once you make their acquaint once you always nose them again, a -trouser lot I never beheld. While the children are be covered with dirt that did they not live in such a dry climate, I'm positive enough grass would grow on a pair of twins to feed a rabbit. There are two Coptic churches situated in the midst of a maze of reeking valleys, through which we were pursued by a mad beggar who, though he had no tongue, roared and howled in a most fearsome manner. He was a muscular savage, and several pitched battle took place between him and Hassan before I purchased peace by backsheesh. The old Copt Church is a dirty den, \- and possesses a collection of paintings, the. like of which are not to be seen else- where in the world at least I hope not, such awful clubs are they. A more disreputable looking lot of saints the mind of man could not conceive. Below the church is a dismal cellar, the grotto of the virgin, which at the time I saw it was nearly full of water. The legend is that the Holy Family found refuge here during the flight into Eygpt. The monastery of St George is close here, where there are more pictures, examples of early, very early art, but there was so little to interest me that my only remembrance of the place is that there was an awful smell in one corner of the building. Coming back we drove under the ruins of a mighty aqueduct, and through old Cairo, a second edition of the Bazars, but, if possible, more eastern, more pro turesque end more dusty. From here we took a boat and crossed the Nile to visit thelTilometer. This structure, which indicates the rise and fall of the Nile, is a square well full of dirty water, with an octagonal column in the centre, and like everything else here falling into ruin. Across the orange garden which adjoins it, is a rather nice looking Mosque, but we could not see it as some ladies of a harem were picnicking inside, and the steps were guarded by several fat, villainous looking eunuchs, who are still among the peculiar institutions of the country. Husbands don't take their wives around in this happy land, and spooning in public is utterly unknown, and a suffering world is spared the melancholy spectacle of a pair on their honeymoon trip, such for instance, as I saw on my last trip to Hobart. The event had evidently only come off that day, for the grains of rice were still clinging to their clothes, and they sat side by side all the way down the Yarra and the boy, not saying much, but silently squeezing hands and gazing at each other with a fondness perfectly heartrending. Once outside the Heads they ceased to gaze at each other, but looked before them with far off glare of expectancy quite touching to behold. The poor bride gave way first and sacrificed her wedding cake in a most lavishly reckless manner. He struggled bravely to keep down his sorrow, and when the brought her pale face on board again he murmured " My own poor darling, let me wipe your mouth and kiss you," and did so. The Cairo railway station is a busy' spot before the departure of the Suez train natives in their picturesque robes lounge on the steps, women shrouded to their henna coloured eyelids sit still as ghosts in the waiting-room, water letters 'read the precious fluid in porous earthen bottles, beggars whine, and a long line of passengers patiently wait their turn at the ticket window. A swell Pasha was passenger by our train, and he occupied one of the three compartments in the only first-class carriage, his travelling wives and their attendants filled another, and the last was taken possession of by two Greek papas. Army little party wanted a compartment to themselves, the station master kindly ordered another carriage to be put on, but when it came it was such an uncomfortable looking wreck that I objected to enter it, and told our guide that I wanted a compartment of the other carriage, and now mark how nicely theale matters are done in the. East. Hassan captured an official, and explained " matters wUltjA -. '.-, 5 or a lamb's tail the Greek priests and' all their traps were out of their comfortable compartment, and we were installed in their place. "How was it worked 124 queried of Hassan, " Oh, me tell 'em you Government officer and place reserved for you," Then he spat on the platform with on air of conscious rectitude, and looked as if he had really done a more serious action. The return journey to Suez was rather wearisome, as the novelty had worn off. The train was very late, and it was long after dark be fore we got in, but no one could help enjoying the magnificence of sunset in the desert, it was the grandest sight I ever saw, and after the sun had sank, " a flaming ball of onions a fire in a sea of blood," a sort of violet darkness spread over the land, most refreshing after so many hours of heat and glare, and by-and-bye the moon rose, flooding the ugly desert with silver light-, wonderfully softening the barren surroundings, even the few camels solemnly talking home looked less ungainly than by day for the ship of the desert is not lovely to behold, and even the Arabs have a proverb declaring that " When , God saw the camel He was astonished at the creature He himself had made." There is a very comfortable hotel at Suez, but little of interest in the town. The houses are ruinous, and the bazaar too full of flies and flavour to make a walk through it enjoyable, so I was glad to find myself on the steam tender en route for the steamer that was to take us back to Australia, home, and beauty. 