A BLACK GIKteT. [Hy ALEXANDER MOBEISON, During a residence of two years in India, I, Fred Martin, ui&de; icasy acquaintances an oEfiel the natives, I had goue to India through thcer curiosity. I had brought letters of ii trcdacuou to many Englishmen VvliC ii'iW either high Civil appointments or weie in the Army. 1 had btec a>i inmate of the Gre^t Eistern Betel for a week b«.f>:!C I presented a sin ill; introduction io any ore. The morring on v hich my tale begins Ifcad chartered a gharry, enpaged a babu, whoBe Englieh W&E; of the many syllable description, and had told him to see me to 2G, Park-street. _" The sahib is not acquainted with this city," said my dark companion, allowing me hie dazzling teeth. I confessed I was ignorant, and only intended to pass through lodia. "Theeihib is travelling for pleasure and not for commercial recompense pursuits. The sahib will sec much to astonish him iu Iadia>. If the sahib requires an interpreter and an informatiter the sahib Las only to engage his devoted servant." We bad arrived at the bouee and the eyce or groom was standing at the dcor waiting for my card, A minute after he returned and said with a low salam, "Memsahib salam dire." "Ah," said the babu, " the lady will receive you." The lady I had called oa was one I had known when the and I attended schools in St. John's Wood. I Ehould never have recogDiEed her—she had more than matured, while I considered rnjBiif still far from being a middle-aged n an. '"Do you renember when last we mat at tlic ball given by the Jackeons in the Ejre Arms you were mad after spiritualism, ghosts, dreamers, and fortune- tellers ?" " I do ; that was the last time we met. I went to Australia then, and you got married.'' " YCF," eaid she, " that wet Ascot Cup Day was the day that changed my life. Tbe ball I speak ot took place a week before, aud i was engaged to be married to Captain W hite. Do you remember ?'" "Pirfectly," I said. "I believe Captain White is dead!" " YCF. 11 said ehe. " Do you know the whole day I had a strange and unaccountable preEenlirocnt that I should never be Mr?. \V bite. I eeemed half stupid, and regretted 1 had ever gone to the races. A gipsy came to the drag and insisted on telliDg our fortunes. She tild Captain White that before a month was out he and his sweetheart would have patted, never again to meet. Captain White said to me with a langb, "Shedoes not know how to read between the lines, doeB she ?'' The old woman drank a glass of champagne, and then looked at me. I felt suddenly turned to stone, and I beard as I thought a voice saying, " You shall never marry Captain White. A month and the turf will nourish over him." " I remembered nothing else ; they told me I bad fainted, and that the woman had murmured, ' How she loves him,' and then had gone on her way rejoicing to tell troth or lies to any one who was anxious to hear or willing to listen to her prognostications. Tbat night I could not sleep; the wretched woman haunted me, and seemed whenever I closed my eyes to point at a tombstone on which his name was clearly painted." " I remember saying to you at the ball that I believed you believed in ghosts, and your reply was—'For heaven's sake change the subject.'" " We were to be married in a week, when his uncle, Lord , telegraphed from Scotland telling him to pay him a visit before he was a married man. As Captain White was bis uncle's heir he went. He caught cold, and was dead in two days. His sojourn in India had impaired his health, and it was believed that damp sheets brought on the fever." I lietened with attention. She was greatly moved. " Before I heard of his death that woman preeented herself to me, not in person but in epirit, aid pointed to a tombstone. For months I was ill and saw no one. When on the day after his death I received the telegram, papa having opened it, I told bim the contents without reading it. I knew it only too well. Since then I have been yearning to come across some one who is interested in ghosts, and who will study with me as to spirits, apparitions, forebodings, and other mysterious matters. You know, I suppose, my husband was a fatalist and died, declaring tbat be was being transmigrated into a horse." I was not aware of it. I was under the impression that my hostess was the wife of a military man, not his widow. " My ayah is a medium, and I often get her under control. She told me last night that a gentleman I had not seen for many years would call to-day; she actually pointed you out in the album. I said it was impoBBible, but she held it true, and made me promise her bacbsheesh if you came." I looked eagerly at my hostess, and speculated as to whether she was in her right senBes or not. Tbe ayah was summoned, and entered salaaming. A conversation ensued between them, of which I could not understand a single word. The servant then left, and the lady addressed me. "lam going to aBk you a strange thing. I would ask no one else to do it, for they would think I was mad. Will you come to ' the haunted tank' with me to-night. I dare not go alone, and can ask no one else to accompany me. You will see real manifestations, and she, my ayab, has promised to bring me a message from my husband about some property. 1 agreed to go, and rising, promised to return at 7 o'clock, dine with my old friend, and then escort her to " the haunted tank, wherever that was. When I got to the gharry I found the diiver asleep on his box, the babu asleep in the gharry, and the sacea asleep at the back, The durwhan (or doorkeeper) of the house aroused the sleepers, and I returned to the hotel and found letters from England awaiting me. That night at 7 I was back at Parketieet, and by ten minutes past knew that my friend had a capital cook. How nice Indian snipe are, and how much better all drinks taste in India to what they do anywhere else? It was cool weather, and I regretted I had not put on a thicker dress suit, and also brought a wrap with me, especially as we were evidently going out ghost- hunting. When dinner was over the clock - hands pointed to half-paBt 8. A few minutes after we were in a closed brougham going to " the haunted tank." " What makes this place haunted ?" I enquired. "I'll tell you. My late husband bought the propertv on which the tank is. He thought thai it would be healthier for me, and being a little out of Calcutta intended to improve the place with tbe money he saved by living there instead of rieht in town. When I came and saw the place by daylight I was delighted with it; the flowers, trees, and house were like fairyland. We lived very happily here, fcnt one day my husband was called away, and I was left alone. I had only been two months in India. I had no English maid, or any white man or woman, friend or L foe, in tbe compound. I felt awfully lonely, and could find nothing to interest me. Music, reading, painting, and needlework— . I tried all, but the time hung wearily, and by sundown I was thoroughly tired. I had dinner alone, and hardly tasted a thing. After dinner I went and sat in the verandah, and thought' of the old days and old familiar faces. . I den't know how long I remained thinking, but suddenly I heard a splash, and felt a chill take possession of me. I jumped up and saw a «trange figure rising out of the tank CIOBB to where I sat. I called for the ayah, but could get no answer. I ran indoors and rang the bell. ' The little Hindustani I knew left me, and I remained speecblesB ringing the beU. Although we always kept a large number of ' servants I could find none of them. I dreaded either going either to the right or left. My heart was thumping, and my breath was hard to draw. I was a long distance from any ' Europeans, and the path down the compound I bad heard had often been crossed by snakes. ' I resolved to run for it and take my cbanoe. • I bad to pass the spot where I had been sitting. I crept to the window, and juBt as I . reached it, and looked out, the figure I had : seen come out of the water turned round and flared at me. Without further thought I flew down the road and was soon in the Etrcet. Hundred of natives were there in gangs, seme playing on their tom-toms,-others bickering over bargains, while others were Fmokinp their hoockchas. Once in the street I was surrounded by natives. A carriage coming along dispersed the crowd, and seeing : it was not a gaudily painted one 1 thought it mustcostain a white man, I ran and looked in, : and the man inside shouted out to lis driver to stop. The next thing I remember was being attended to by two Knglish ladies. I had fainted, and Dr. Jatt«nton had taken me to his home. " I soon got round and told them of my ucpleaEant experience. The servautB had all left me as soon aB dinner was over. I was < very frightened all that night. " Next morning early Dr. Jattenton drove wc to the'plate toy husband had bought^ All tbe servants had returned and were doing tbeir woi k-in their naturally sleepy way. My aj ah threw up her bands and muttered some words wben she saw me which I heard meant EomcthiEjg like 'Thank God she is all welL' Tbe doctor called all tbe servants and threatened them all that they would be cut in their wages. "My ayab he then instructed to/pack all my clothes and bring them to bis b'uugalow. He then told the men that they were not to leave the place untrl their master returned. " I spent a few happy days at the doctor'*, and w£en my husband returned he was not a little vexed to find me away from home; but wben he heard what had occurred ho s wore to be revenged on the servants. " Whether it was the fright I got there or not I do cot psetend to say, but I became ill, and had to be ordered home for a year. When I returned to Calcutta, as my husband knew be wonld be often away for a few days at a time, be resolved to take a house iu Parkstreet. and live there, and sell the other when opportunity offered." " Tbe hanntea tank property then does belong to you still ?" " Yes, 1 am sorry to say it does, and it is just now that I have an opportunity «f selling it. He paid fifteen thousand rupees for ic seven years ago, and all I can get for it now is seven thousand." The carriage stopped at a gate which was opened by a native, who made a very profound salam. We drove up the road, aud stopped in front of a long low bungaiow. A few men were sitting huddled together. The l&dy; ordered them about, and one of them lighted tbe lamps in such a slow manner that 1 could scarcely refrain from kicking him. The ayah whom I had seen in the morning cow appeared, her arms covered with bangles, her fingers loaded with silver rings. The _ room in which we were was a splendidly designed one, stone flooring, pictures hung on the walls, bronzes and marbles were cn the sideboard. There was an air of neglect about the entire room, .and the' servants all looked disgustingly lazy. After taking Vj^alk through the honse we returned to the dming-room. The ayab was busy aeking a>y frf$ad some question about me in a most earnest manner. I always have been a good judge of character, aud after tbe a; ah had ceased her gesticulations, I said, '"That woman is a rcgue." My friend was meet indignant, aud declared she was no such thing. •• Wei), where is the ghost?" I asked. "I'll show you where it was wnen I saw it rise." We were in the verandah, and I noticed no servants were there. The carriage had gone round to tbe back, and wis waiting for us; all of a sudden the ayah, who had been gazing about in an owlish manner, raised a cry and uttered strange worde, and ran away. Immediately afterwards a splash v.as heard, and I saw a head riBe out of thp water. The lady waB holding my arm tightly," and I felt ber heart beating hard against it. Slowly and slowly the figure rose uu, and bow I. could.observe a white muslin or capra was over the figure's shoulders. There were steps up which the figure slowly came. "Let go my arm for a minute," I whispered. " No, no," said, she, pressing it all the tighter. The figure had now reached nearly halfway up the stepB. I heard a noiee behind me, and on looking round, to my surprise saw the house in darkness; all tbe lamps had been put out, or gone out-, I knew cot which. The figure was now on the top step, and would have either to come my way or return to the water. There was enough light to see the figure, but as to what it was like it was impossible to arrive at anv conclusion. I slipped my arm away from'hen, rushed at the figure, and, putting out both bands, came iu contact with something mora substantial than ordinary ghosts. A hideous yell came from the black ghost, who lay on one of the steps. I went down the steps and kicked him to reassuie myself once again that he was flesh and blood, though black, and for every kick I gave he gave a grunt. - My friend called for a lamp, and one from tbe carriage was brought. .She had a good look at the black ghost, and shortly afterwards we returned to Park-street, when we had a nice little supper and a hearty laugh over the black ghost. I called the following day and found my friend's ayah had brought a message frbm her late husband. The message waa to sell the property on which was the so-called haunted tank. I laughed at this, and once again hurt the feelings of my friend. "I have every confidence in my ayah. Iam sure she is a medium, for however could she know you would come and «ll on me the day before yesterday f' This was indeed a dark myBtery, and one seemingly that would be difficult to clear np. Bat cleared np.it'. was, and in rather & peculiar manner. The hotel servant I had as bearer had been Jn the habit of setting my things to rights, aud had come across my book of addresses or friends. - He had seen Ihp name of my friend and her address in Park- fitreet,~and had taken it -for jgrantedthat I would be sure to oallvthere come day. He was somehow related to the layab, cr knew her, and ^nowiog Iter mittress waspbseeseedof extreme views he told the ayah my name, and described my appearance to her. He had actually stolen one of my photographs and Bhown.it to her. She had recognised the face as being like one in her mistress's album and had taken a shot at it, and had been eucpeBsful in making her mistress believe she was-a medium. Some months after I discovered why the tank was haunteq* A native Owned, land on either eide of my friend's property, and knowing she had been frightened once by a native who had been bathing iu the tank, concluded that he would get the property from her at his own price. How many natives were to receive backsheesh from the zumeendar (landowner) • should he get the land he coveted for R7,000 I never could find out The ayah was to be made well off for life. The ghost was to get B10, and many others were to be remembered. The zumeendar did eventually get the land, but not at his figure. What had cost £15,000 Beven years before changed hands at £40,000. One fine November day at the Calcutta Cathedral a widow lady changed her name from to Martin. The coloured ghost is often alluded to, and the ayah has been left to deal in epiritB and mediumBhip alone. THE NEW YOBK WOMEN.—The New York woman has gone ahead of recent yean,-while the New York man has retrograded (says the Sun). A generation of absolute leisure, unlimited wealth, limitless advantages, outdoor exercises, tennis, yachting,, and European travel have lifted to-day's Nfew York women far. above their mothers'-in physical beauty and the accomplishments of the world. Husbands and ; fathers have footed the bilL Specimens' of sturdy, robust and vigorous manhood are not so numerous as they were. -The life and death struggle for wealth, which has built up the New York woman, has made a stoop-shouldered and over-worked dyspeptic of the New York man. The beauty and grandeur of his wife have been bought at a heavy price. At the Metropolitan Opera any night an observer of New York people may see the history of tbiB recent development written in the Iboes of the men and women in the boxes. Take the first box that your glass lights upon. Sitting in front, and in the full glare of the many lights iu tbe thousands of eyes, are two women, the wife of a famous merchant and her aiBter. They rustle in with superb indifference to the public gaze, at half-past 8 or 9 o'clock, throw off their wraps, seat themselves carefully, and proceed to look the houBe over. The wife is about 35, the sister 20. Everything about them suggests the elaborate grooming of fashionable life. They are superbly moulded women, with keen blight eyes, the reddest of lips, and Clear transparent akins. The rounded outlines and perfect 1 health and repose of the elder show that such a thing as care and anxiety are unknown.' She^s the picture of contentment and absolute physical beauty. Sheturna and speaks in a careless and indifferent Way to somenneinthe rear Of the box. A friendly and-raffeotionate smile, which strikes the observer as -being just a bit pathetic, is the answer. -~That1s t£e lituband who IB sitting in the corner. He is the millionaire merchant, who has not" been absent from his office for a< single day in fifteen yean. He is 40, And looks 55. {lis figure is Bhrunken, hiB eyes heavy, hbrtnoutlt . drawn down by the fixed and strained force of eternal anxiety. Even in weight he is 10 lb. or 20 lb. lighter thanliiB wife, an^l he stoops with bent shoulders wearily' towards them. The lines in hiB face troy be -seen from across the Opera-house. . They are dnf j: deep into the parohtaent-like «kin, ; thb evt-- ! ; dences of incessant work and overwrought j 1 constitution and indomitable will pp wet»" ; It! I is the face of a man who is fortunate .-if he ! can steal five hours of sleep in the twentyfour, and who is proud if he can %eep his wife in the splendour that her beauty and taBte demand. This Is not an idle tsketch of the New York merchant, nor a isolated h cne. Any man who looks behind 'the fits*,, row of magnificent and glowing specimens of American womanhood at the Metropolitan Opera will see face after face that.hasthe. hiBtory of a mighty straggle stamped ^a ;. every feature. But the faces Of the" worn j are as serene' as their health is peiteot ana : i : their habits extravagant. The men are the 1 bankers, merchants, professional,' ahd buainesB men of the town, whose-names- afti known throughout the country.. (Etas vamm form the only " Insure dass ln New and the effect on them has ! ficial. | A Scotch lady whose danghter was reoenttjt ! married was a»ked by an Aid friend whothnf Ehe might congratulate her upon the event : " YeB,yee/'-eheanswered; "uponthewhote; it is very satisfactory. It Is true Jean'nie bates her gudeman, but there's Always • something. 1 ' 