THE PROGRAMME OF TIANITY. CHRIS- Br PEOFESSOU DRUMMOND. A SPEECH AT GROSVENOR LONDON. HOUSK, [From the Christian World.} He began by saying that Christianity was the onlyworkable religion—the one which lasts and produces fruits of any importance. God has revealed this religion by the lips and life of a messenger—was that messenger divine or was he human ? That does not affect the message. Where does humanity end and divinity begin? This messenger was so like a man that Unitarianism is possible, and he was so like a god that Trinitarianism is possible. This does not affect his message. Then the speaker went on to remark that religion did not consist in going to church. Thousands of Christians believe scarcely any doctrine, and thousands who are not Christians always go to church. . Nor does it consist in believing doctrine. Thousands of Christians believe scarcely any doctrine, and thousands who are not Christians believe all the doctrines To be a Christian is to be a member of the Society of Jesus. Christianity is meant to be more of an inspiration than a fixed and formal institution. If it has not done its work, that simply means that Christians have failed to grasp its full meaning, Socialism simply flourishes on the shortcomings of Christianity, Young men going to the East-end find that the Mission Halls are not working for the welfare of the poor, for their, education and for their amusement, and so they 6et up an opposition work. That, of course, is the narrowness of breadth. We have no business to be intolerant with a man who is doing a part of Christianity. Speaking of Socialism, Mr. Drummond said : Socialism and Christianity are one in the belief that all men are brothers. Socialism got that from Christianity. Socialism and Christianity are one in their regard for the poor and in their idea that every man must labour for the good of the whole. But Christianity must ever be opposed to the revolutionary Socialism of this country, and especially of the Continent. Then the Professor referred to a leaflet which had been distributed throughout the audience, and of which, the following is a copy:— THE PROGRAMME OF CHRISTIANITY: To preach Good Tidings unto the Meeh z To hind vp the brolien-hearted: To proclaim Liberty to the Captives, and the opening of the Prison to them that arc bound, To proclaim the Acceptable Year of the Lord, and the Bay,of Vengeance of our God- To comfort all that mourn. To appoint, unto them that mourn in Zion. To give unto them— Beauty for ashes, The Oil of Joy for Mourning the Garment of Praise for the Spirit of Heaviness. Speaking of the first words of this programme (a programme which cpntained, he said, everything the world needed), he continued : The message of Secularism to the working man is ' assert yourself.' Christ's message is ' efface yourself.' The only property a man. need be anxious to possess is character. The meek possess the earth by not being possessed by it. A miser does not possess the gold, it possesses him. Referring to the second line,' To bind up the broken hearted,' he said : Militant philanthrophy cannot touch a mans heart. Philosophy cannot touch it. But Christianity fits into all the folds, of a man's nature. Socialism attends to his body and environments, and philosophy does something for his mind ; but when a man's heart is broken, who is to bind it up ? His heart is a more sensitive thing than his pocket. In almost every house you will find a heart that is shattered. We have discovered that life is a tradgedy. Christ knew what men were, and He adapted His scheme to their deepest needs. ' Can Christianity heal the moral disorder of the world 1' asked the Professor. It stands or falls by that test. Philosophy and Socialism cannot free a man from the fetters o£ a besetting sin. But we know that men have been set free from temptation by the religion of Christ. The great credential of Christianity is a an illustation of how this was done, Mr. Drummond imagined a man going without food for a considerable time. At last he reaches a hotel, footsore, weary and half-starved. He calls loudly for for food, but a telegram is put into his hands which tells him that his wife is dead. He is hungry no longer. In his passion of grief he loses his passion for food. Thus Christianity puts a new passion into a man. Sin is abashed* inthe presence of Christ. ' He that, abideth ln!|®m sinneth not.' Socialism must confess itself • bawen when it comes to deal with a b,east—a man wTffl|haa allowed the animal to get the 'upper hand. vjBnt Christianity says, ( Though your sins be as scarlet,ithey shall be as white as snow.' Inclosing Professor Drummond said that the Jongdom of God was not melancholy, gloom and sadness. It was righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. The happiest people in the world were the people who forgot all about themselves and lived for others. Regarding sceptics, he said ; Christianity does not; sayto you, ' Save your soul,'but'Save your life.' Ifjyoa arc not quite sure about the other life, save thislife. We have not to prove religion, but to do the will o£. God and lay down our lives for others. 