THE PULL GOSPEL. (Br À NEW SOUTH: WAMS BUSHMAN.) ** The grace of God that briugoth sal ration hath appeared to all men, teaching ns that, denying ungodliness and worldly justa, we should livo boberly, righteously, and godly in this present -world ; looking for that b cased hopo, and tho glorious appearing of the groat God und our Saviour Jesus Christ, Who gave Himself for us that Ho might reduein un from ali iniquity, und purify unto Himself a peculiar pooplo, zealous of good works."-Titua ii, 11-14. The text is a magnificent; sermon. Perhaps there is no passage in the whole Bible wherein the duty which God requires of man ia BO com pactly and clearly Bet forth, and tho reasonable ness of it so aptly put, as tho one before us. it shows us that true religion ia not only a matter of ¡ believing, but that it ÍB also a most practical, every-day duty of doing ; and that as Christians we are called upon to abound continually in faith, hope, and charity. It is the grace of God, which haa clearly appeared in the Gospel, that speakB to us with power; or, as St. Paul puts it in the next chapter, it is the kindness and pitying love of God our Saviour which commands our earnest attention. The instruction given by the grace of God to poor, fallen humanity is A PRACTICAL EDUCATION. Negatively, it teaches us two lessons : (1) to deny ungodliness ; (2) to deny worldly lusts. (1) DENYING UNGODLINESS. There is an ancient and a true saying : "To err ia human, to forgive divine." An unforgiving spirit ia an ungodly ono. Itmustbegivennp. Your mate deceived you Borne time ago. It was hard to put up with. Have you forgiven him P If not, how oan you pray " forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us ?" We must deny ungodliness. Imitate God who " pardons with o'erflowing love." That busybody, that tattling woman baa Bpokeu very disagreeably about you in the township. You've been told so ; and your temper rose somewhat when you heard it. Have you tried to think better about it, making allowances for the up-bringing of the foolish woman, and letting her know you overlook her malic*? You are taught by the blessed Gospel to have nothing to do with, in fact you are to ignore the spirit of, ungodliness. Charity, that true, holy love, covers a multitude of sins. It tries to pick out something good in the charac ters of others, and, if possible, to hide the faults. Have you done so P Have you not rather sought to parade the shortcomings of your neighbor, to make much of every wrong instead of trying to conceal it? Haven't you? Read in tho book of Revelation how our Lord acts. In addressing the churches in Asia, before pointing out any weakness or wickedness, He sayB what ho can by way of approbation ; so tenderly, BO lovingly doos He upbraid. Deny ungodliness in every way. (2) DENTING WORLDLY LUSTS. The prince of this world sorely pressed our Saviour when in the wilderness he placed before Him the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the pride of life, trying by these worldly desires to draw Him from His high and-holy position. The devil failed. Tho Captain of our salvation met him with the sword of the Spirit. He denied; that is, He said "No" to worldly lusts. "Can I do this great wickedness and sin against God ?" said the handsome young Hebrew youth when carnal delights wore BO temptingly placed, right before him. Joseph escaped from tho hands of the sweet temptress, and has loft us a noble ex ample of the power of the grace oE God in the soul to resist temptation and to overcome sin. Young fellow, are you Borely tempted; is tho siren voice of some weak woman luring you to destruction ? Then do as Joseph did. Hearken to Paul's warning voice when he says, " Flee also youthful lusts." You miner, digging all the week for gold, dreaming at night of wealth and fortune, making your pile, gaining your object, do not forgot to seek after God while you search for gold. " What shall it profit a man if ho gain the whole world, and loge his own soul ?" Bo earnest in denying worldly dosirea. You squatter, count ing your acres and your sheep by tho thousand j a magistrate of the territory, but not satisfied. More glory and honor-yonr ambition, perchance, is great. Remember the teachings of tho gospel "denying ungodliness and worldly lusta." These are truly hard but practical teachings. They are for bushmen as well as for townsmen, for rich as well as for poor, old ao well as young. Wo all need tho lessons. May God tho Holy Ghost bring them home to each one of us. Affirmatively wo are taught TITREE LESSONS. (1), We should live soberly (2), righteously (3), and godly in this present world. Soberly to our selves. Righteously toward our neighbor. Godly in the presence of our Maker, in this present ago or dispensation. (1.) LIVING BOBEM.Y. Soberly-oalmly, reasonably, quietly, gravely. Not living a troubled, disordered, frantic excited, wild life. By all raeana have a good hearty laugh. Romp with the children. God haa given ua all things richly to enjoy ; so revel in the. merry sunshine, tho song of the bird, the swelling of the ocean, tho rushing of the mountain torrent, the loud-roaring thunder and tho lightning streak. B^ natural, bo your t>elf j play the man. If you are pious, you needn't bea fool; If yon have the grace of God in your soul, you need nothing else to enable you to rejoice in the Lord. You may not lie able to rejoice in . your circumstances, but you're not a?ked to. But , all this is compatible with sobriety. Avoid the intoxicating cup, of course. In this sense, too, live soberly. Like poor Billy flies, who scramble over the dead and dying bodies of hundreds of their . own species to sip the poisoned paper, so do men ; Bwarm at the puba, shouting for themselves and - ; others in their turn, totally indifferent to the; many who have fallen through Btrong drink. " Be Bober, be vigilant, for your adversary, tho devil, aa a roaring lion, walketh, about seeking whom he may devour." (2.) LIVING RIGHTEOUSLY. Act justly to those aroand you. Pay your wajY Remember your neighbor. Show a good example. Do your work whether your mistress's eye id on . you or not. Though it isn't ration day and no one may come near you, take caro of the sheep as if the boss himself was riding down the hill be fore you. Act squarely and rightly. Don't bo too lazy to get off your horse and brush up the fence at the little creek. Deal out the rations fairly. Pay your men honestly and promptly. John tho Baptist taught the people how to live righteously ; and the Old Testament message, given through tho prophet Micah, is : " What , doth "tho Lord require of thee bub to do justly and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?" (3.) LIVINGr GODLY. k ,: , In another place Paul exhorta us to be followers' or imitators of God. You Hay, "Ah! that's.for1 very pious people, not for the likes of me." lt's foi, all who love the Lord Jesus Christ. 1, IS HE YOUR SAVIOUR? ' Do you know him aa your shepherd? Can yoi , aay, like Thomas, " My Lord and my God ol with David, " The Lord ÍB ray shepherd." Many acknowledge Him aa the Saviour, the Lord, the Great Shepherd, tho Good Shepherd ; but, friend, do you honestly know him as your own Saviour? and can j ou truthfully feel and say or sing " I'm not ashamed to own my Lord ?" Have you accepted Christ's loving invitation, " Come unto Me," and then have you obeyed His firBt com mand, "Follow MeP" Oh! walk in love, aa Christ also hath loved us." Livo Godlike. That wicked man who knew the right and did the wrong, that Balaam who blessed tho Israelites, gave expression to that beautiful desire, " Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my lastend be like his !" But, alas ! he did not live the godly life, and perished miserably on the field of battle. Ho ia tho man moßt godlike, -whoso life doth nobly Bhinej "Who towers nbovo his fi Hows iu majesty divine ¡ Whoso lifo is most unselfish, who eau for others feel, Whose highest joy and gladness ÍB in another's weal. . Imitate Christ in his self-denial, and your liff will be a godly life. Your lifo will be sublime There are TWO GRAND THINGS SET BEFORE US to be looking forward to, to bo expecting, to Ix,; living in hope of. They aro our encouragements for the way. (1.) That Blessed Hope; (2.) Tho. Glorious Appearing; > (1.) THAT BLESSED HOPE. ' Christ became man and lived aa an examplt for us to follow ia His steps. He died on tho cross as an atonement for our sins " that Binful man might be forgiven." He was buried, but, thankB be to God, he ros« again from the dead to justify ua before the world in our belief in Him as the God-man who died for us. " Who is He that condemneth ?" says Paul. " It ia Christ that died ; yea, rather that is risen again." Paul again saya of Jesus our Lord thab "He was delivered for our offences, and was raised airain for our justifica tion." More than this. He ascended into Heaven, and aa our Great High Priest, He intercedes for sinners there. He is our representative in heavoa. We should be His representatives down here. I fear we often misrepresent Him. God helps us to do better. When J<?BUS was on earth Ho told His disciples He was coming again for them. " In my Father's house are many man sions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself ; that whero I am thert ye may be also." Paul thus describes His return for Hia people. " Tho Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of tho arohangel and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall riso first ; then we which are alive and remain ßhall bo caught up together with them in the clouds to meet thf Lord in tho air, and BO shall we ever bo with the Lord." This again is in keeping with Christ's own words to Martha, which I quote from tba revised New Testament : " I am tho resurrection and tho life ; he that believeth on Mo, though he die, yet shall he live ; and whosoever liveth and believeth on Mo shall never die." His coming for Hiso vn is indeed "that blessed hope ;" tho hope of tho early Church, the hope of His per secuted saints in the dark ages, and tho hope of His people in these days ; and only God himself knoweth how soon this blessed hope will b$ realised. As a good man of the house ready, watching: for tho thief who may come at an un' certain hour, GO " be ye also ready j for in such an hour as yo think not the Son of Man cometh." Blessed Hope ! (2.) THE GLORIOUS APPEARING of tho great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ. As our Lord was ascending to heaven, two men in white appeared, and told his disciples " This same Jesus which is taken up into Heaven shall BO como in Uko manaor as ye havo seen Him go into heaven." This statement ia verified by many other Scriptures, by tho words of our Lord Him« self, by Old Testament teaching, and by tho New Testament prophecies of Paul and John. With solemn awe we should bo looking for that glorious, though awful, appearing. If we aro iu Christ Jesus we Bhall bo with Him at that day, for, " when Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall yo also appear with Him in glory," and wo know that "when He shall appear, wo shall he like Him, for wo Bball ese Him aa Ho ie." -Observe friends, tb o very practical teaching of the saintly John about this very matter when he writes " Every man that had this hope in Him, purifieth himself even as he ia pure." The Saturday night, of thia world's history is closing fast. It will Eoon be Sabbath morning. Are you coady? WHO IS COMING ? The great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ "who gave Himself np for us. Ho did so on Calvary. The Just One once suffered for sins for us the unjust ones that He might bring us to God. We read " He loved the church and gave Himself . for it," but Paul is very personal, and says to the . Galatians, " He loved mc and gave Himself for me.*' Apply it personally to yourself, dear \- ïeader, " For inc, for me, He loved me *nd gave Himself for me." Our Saviour Jesus Christ diod for A TWOFOLD PURPOSE. (1.) To redeem us from all iniquity, (2.) To purify us unto Himself. (1.) To redeem us from all iniquity. From every evil way. He was called "Jesus, for He shall save His. people from their sins." He has : bought us back from our evil ways, from the bond age of sin and Satan, from the snares and seduc tions of this wicked world, from the evil imagin ings and deceits of our own wicked hearts. What will you do for Him ? Give yourself to Him. " I beseech you, therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God that ye present your bodies a living sacri fice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." Yes, a most reasonable ser vice to Him who has rendered you a service above all service possible j saving you with an everlast ing salvation. (2.) To purify unto Himself a peculiar people zealous bf good works. Saved from Bin and purified to God, fitted to live in good works. Saved to work. Saved to show forth the praises of Him who has called us out of darkness into marvellous light. Let us praise Him not only by our lips, but also in our lives : That to perfection's sacred height, . We nearer still may rise; And all we think, and all we do. Be nleasine in Qod'a eren. ' Amen. .'-|;Ah unpreaohed sermon, written by a layman living fori from church and chapel, and who appreciates the , ? sermons in the TOWN AND COUNTET JOUBNAL very much.] j 