? KXCTTEMENT reached its highest pitch when Melbourne playgoers got wind of the intention of Mr. Charles Warner to appear as Hamlet, the result beiug that the Princess' Theatre was not large enough to hold the crowd who besieged the doors on Saturday night. That Chawlie would come out of the affair with flying colours goes without saying, and he "came out" accordingly. We may here mention that the star was not letter perfect, but then, who ever knew the star that was ? The melancholy Dane of M r. Warner is a well studied, and, like everything else he does, careful piece of work. The all-round support accorded Mr. Warner was, to say the least, " a bit off." Herbert Fleming enacted Horatio, Frank Cates did not seem at home as Laertes, and Plain Bill Ryan, as the King, fairly " chucked it at 'em. ' Taken altogether, old Bill can act rings round a lot cf the youngsters yet. Johnny Hall ably filled all that was required of the Gravedigger, and H. H. Vincent, as the Spirit, didn't make the ghost of a show. The old man, Polonious, of Mr. Clitherow was not a " striking " success, but the handiwork of the carpenters at tlie back was. It was never intended that Shakespeare's masterpiece should be brought up standing while pious-toned stage carpenters belted away behind the scene. A series of Warner revivals are promised us, and no end of good things are on the list ere Miss Nellie Farren and the London (Jaiety Burlesque Company take possession of the Princess Theatre. 1 LARGK and enthusiastic audiences are the order of the evening at the Opera House, where Miss Amy Sherwin as the Bohemian Girl has added one more to the already long list of successes opposite her name. Misses Marie Hester, Mina Fischer, and Messrs. Wilkie, Saxon, Hubbard, &c.;, have all firmly established their own sweet selves as firm favourites with thoBe in front. No little praise is due to Herr Benuo Scherek, who wields the L^ton. " TAKEN FROM LIFE," the final Bland-Holder of the present season, is now in its last nights at the Theatre Rile. Everybody knows all about this popular drama, and of how Mr. Bland Hoit shines brilliantly as Titus Knotts ; how Charlie Holloway fairly gets away with the villainous part of Philip Rodley. Mr. Walter Howe makes a capital Walter Lee, and, by-the-way, this gentleman, in one of the quickest on records, has become a Melbourne favourite. Messrs. Anson and Jones, together with that jolly good fellow, St. Lawrence, have parts that fit them like gloves. Of the ladies, the bright particular favourites are Mrs. Bland, Misses Thomas, Fiederics and the only Maggie Oliver. Carrie Swain and the " Tomboy" Saturday. AT the Bijou Theatre large houses are the rule, where " Hans, the Boatman,' is monarch of all he surveys. The management and audiences are as happy as can be. Nothing succeeds like - we were going to say success, but will instead substitute the name of Mr. Charles Arnold. So successful has " Hans, the Boatman,turned out, that Arnold has cabled home cancelling all London engagements, so that, in all probability, we are likely to have this popular actor with us for some time to come yet. THE last nights of Ada Ward's engagement are announced at the Alexandra Theatre. " The Octoroon" is the piere-de-resistance. What a pity the management did not hold this over till Miss Nellie Farren and the Gaiety crowd open up at the Princess' Theatre. They could have then thrown in a song and dance or two, a couple of local hits, and as burlesque " The Octoroon" would have proved a formidable rival. In " The Octoroon" as Alexandra'd Miss Ward is the Zoe, Miss Blanche Lewis (who looks nice enough to eat) the Dora, Ted Russell the Jacob, and George Carey the Pete. Mr. Montgomery goes on for George Peyton, a performance of which he should become the sole peytontee. What on earth have all the ladies' in the piece done to Mr. M that he should continually give them a full view of his back ? And why does he insist on toying with the scenery at the back ?the scenery is all right. Montgomery ought to know by this time that Vennermark and Pullford understand their business ; they'll look after the scenery. Salem Scudder and Walinotee found representatives in Nat Douglass and W. G. Carey. Little Palmer, as Paul, was one of the best things in the show, and right here we may ask where was Nellie Greenlees ? We did expect to see this clever little lady in the character. Harry Taylor amused us immensely, and for the matter of that, so did a great many of the playactors by their grotesque make-up. The " Octoroon" as produced at the Alexandra Theatre is not exactly the best we have seen in Melbourne. Talk about 