DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A ROMANCE : By Q. [Publiehed by special arrangement with Messrs. CcGeeli & Co. All rignts reserved } BOOK I.— THE QUEST OF THE GREAT RUBY. Chapter VI. — Tells How a Face Looked in at the Wixdoit of Last big ; AND Hf WHAT MANNER 3£Y FATHER Came Home to Us. My mother and I walked homeward together by way of the clifis. We were both silent. My heart ached to tell the whole story, and prove that my tale of the 'Maw .Tan a was no wanton lie : but fear restrained me. My mother was busy with her own thoughts. She had seen, I knew, the glance of Intelligence which the stranger gave me ; she guessed that Ms story was a lie and that I knew It. What she could not gueas was the horror that held my tongue fastened as with a padlock. So, both busy with bitter thoughts, we walked in silence toliantrig. The evening meal was no better. My fool choked me, and after a struggle I was forced to let it lie almost untouched. But when the fire was stirred, the candles lit, and I drew my footstool -as usual to her feet by the hearth, the old room looked so warm and cosy that my pale fears began to vanish in its genial glow. 1 Had possessed myself of the 'Pilgrim's Pro greas,' and the volume, a dumpy octavo, Eiy on my knee. As I read the story of Christian and ApoQyon to its end a new courage fought in me with my morning fears. ' In this combat no man can imagine, unless he has seen and heard as I did, what yelling and hideous roaring Apollyon made all the time of the fight ; he spake like a dragon ; and on the other side what sighs and groans burst from Christian's heart. I never saw him all the while give so much as one pleasant look, till he per ceived that he had wounded Apollyon with his two-edged sword ; then indeed he did smile and look upward, but it was the dreadfullest sight that ever X saw.' I glanced up at my mother half resolved. She was leaning forward a little and gazing Into idie fire, that lit up her pale face and wonderful eyes with a sympathetic soft ness. I can remember now how sweet she looked and how weary — that tender figure outlined hi warm glow against the stern, dark room. And alH the time her heart was slowly breaking with yearning for him that came not. I did not know it then ; but when does childhood know or understand the suffering of later life ? I looked down upon the page once more, turned back a leaf or two, and read — ** Then did Christian begin to be afraid, and to cast In his mind whether to go back or stand his ground. But he con sidered again that he had no armor for his back, and therefore thought that to turn his back to him might give him greater advantage, with ease to pierce him with his darts ; therefore he resolved to venture and stand his ground.' 'I come on them in bed sometimes, and sometimes from behind.' The words of my Apollyon came across my mind. Should I speak and seek counsel 2 — What was that ? It was a tear that fell upon my hand as it lay across my mother's lap. Since the day when father left us I had never seen her weep. Was it for my deceit? I looked up again and saw that her eyes were brimming with sorrow. My fears and donbts were forgotten. I will speak and tell her all my tele. ??Mother.' Somewhatashamedat being discovered, she dried her eyes and tried to smile— a poor pitiful smile, with the veriest ghost of joy in It. 'Yes, Jasper.' ' Is Apollyon still alive ?' ' He stands for. the powers of evil, Jasper, and they are always alive.' ' But, I mean, dosB he walk about the world like a man ? 2s he really alive ?' 'Why, no, Jasper. What nonsense has got into your head now ?' ' Because, mother, I met him to-day. That Is, be said he was Apollyon, and that he would come and carry me off if ? » Half apprehensive at my boldness, I cast an anxious look around as I spoke. Nothing met my eyes but the familiar furniture and the dancing shadows on the wall, until their gaze fell upon fiie window and rested there, whilst my heart grew suddenly stiff with terror, and my tongue clave to my mouth. As my voice broke off suddenly mother glanced at me In expectation. Seeing my fixed stare and dropped Jaw, she' too looked at the window, then started to her feet with a shriek. Sor there, looking in upon us with a wicked smile, was the white face of the naHor Bhodojani. For a second or two, petrified with horror, we stood staring at it. The evil smile nickered for a moment, baring the white teeth and lighting the depths of these wolfish eyes ; then, with a fiendish laugh, vanished in the darkness. He had then told the truth when he promised to haunt me. Beyond the shock ef mortal terror, I was but little amazed. It seemed but natural that he should come as he had threatened. Only I was filled with awful expectation of bis vengeance, and- stood aghast at the consequences of my rashness. By instinct I turned to my mother for protection. Bat what ailed her? She had fallen back in hex chair and was still staring with parted lipB at the dark pane that a minute ago had framed the horrid coun tenance. When at last she .spoke, her words were wild and meaningless, wifli a dreadful mockery of laughter that sent a swift pang of apprehension to my heart. ; 'Mother, it is gone. What Is tie matter?' Again a few meaningless syllables and that awful laugh. And so throughout that second awful night did «hp mutter and igjlgbJ whilst I, helplesB and terror- stricken, strove to soo&te; her. and recall her to speech and sense. . The slow hours dragged by, and still I knelt before her waiting for the light. The slow clock sounded the hours, and still she gave .no sign of understand* ing. The mice crept out of their accus tomed holes and jumped back startled at her laugh. The fire died low and the candle died out ; the wind moaned outside, the tamarisk branches swished against the pane? the hush of night, with its in tervals of mysterious sound, held the house ; but all the time she never ceased to gaze upon the window, and every now and then to mutter words that were no echo of her mind or voice. Day light, with its promonitory chill, crept uponna at last, but oh, how slowly. Day* tight looked in and found us as that cruel sight had left us, helpless and alone. But with daylight came some courage. Had there been neighbors near Lantrig I should' have run to summon them before, but Folkimbra was the nearest habitation, ana Folkimbra was almost two miles off, across a road powesijed by horrors and perhaps tenanted by that devCish face. | And how could I leave my mother alone ? But now that day had come 1 would run to Lizard Town and see uude Jjoveday. I slipped on my boots, unbolted the door, cast a last lock at my mother still sitting helplesB and vacant of soul, and rushed from the house. The sound of her laughter rang in my ears as the door closed behind me. Weak, haggard, and of wild aspect, I ran and stumbled aloBg the cliffs. Dead Man's Rock lay below wrapped in a cur tain of mist. Thick clouda were rolling up from seaward ; the grey light o£ returning day made sea, sky, and land seem colorless and wan. But for me there was no sight but Polkimbra ahead. As I gained the little village I ran down the hill to the Lugger and knocked upon the door. Heaven's, how long it was before -L Iras £kuovTCii3VA : au uuu I'Llo 4aiuu.i£Lii^ o head appeared at an upper window. With a few words to Mrs. Busvargus, which caused that worthy soul to dress in haste with many ejaculations, I raced up the hill again and across the downs for Lizard Town. My strength was giving way ; my head swam, my sides ached terribly, my legs almost refused to obey my will, and a thousand lights danced and sparkled be fore my eyes, but still I kept on, now staggering, now stumbling, bat Etill on ward, nor stopped until I stood before Uncle Loveday's door. There at last I fell ; but luckily against the door, so that in a moment or two I became conscious of Aunt Elizabeth stand ing over me and- regarding me as a culprit red-handed in some atrocious crime. ' Hoity-toity ! What's the matter now ? Why, it's Jasper. Well, of all the freaks, to come knocking us up. What's the matter with the boy ?? Jasper, what ails you 2 ' Incoherently I told my story, at first to Aunt Elizabeth alone, but presently, in answer to her call, Uncle Loveday came down to hear. The pair stood silent and wondering. They were not elaborately dressed. Aunt Elizabeth, it is true, was smothered from head to 'foot in a gigantic Inverness cape, that might have been my uncle's were it not obviously too large for that little maft. Her nightcap, on the other hand, was ostentatiously her own. No other woman would have had strength of mind to wear such head-dress. Uncle Loveday's costume was even more singu lar ; for the first time I saw him without a single brass button, and for the first time I understood how much he owed to those decorations. His first words were — 'Jasper, I hope you are telling me the truth. Your mother told me yester day of some cock-and-bull story concern ing the Anna Maria, or some such vessel. I hope this is not another such case. I have told you often enough where little boys who tell falsehoods go to.' My white face must have been voucher for my truth on this, occasion, -for -Aunt Elizabeth cut him short with the single wortl ' Breakfast,' and hailed me into the little parlor whilst the pair went to dress. As I waited I heard the sound of the pony without, and presently Aunt Eliza beth Teturned in her ordinary costume to worry the small servant who laid break fast. Whether Uncle Loveday ever had that meal I do not know to this day, for whilst it was being prepared I saw him get into the little car riage and drive off towards Lantrig. I was told that I could not go until 1 had eaten ; and so with a sore heart, but no thought of disobedience, I turned to breakfast. The meal had scarcely begun when the door opened and Master Thomas Loveday sauntered into the room. Master Thomas Loveday, a youth of some eight summers, was, in default of a home of his own, quartered permanently upon my uncle, whose brother's son he was. His early days had been spent in India. After, however, both father and mother had suc cumbed to the climate of Madras, he was sent home to England, and had taken root in Lizard Town. Hitherto his life had been one long lazy slumber. Whenever we were sent, on his rare visits to Lantrig, to 'play together,' as old age always rudely puts it, Ms invariable rule had been to go to sleep on the first conve nient spot. Consequently his presence embarrassed me not a little. He was a handsome boy, with blue eyes, long lashes, fair hair, and a gentle habit of speech. When I came to know Mm better I learnt the quick wit and subtle power that lay beneath his laziness of manner, but at present the soul of Thomas Loveday slept. He was certainly not wide awake when he entered the room. With a sleepy nod at me, and no trace of surprise at my . presence, he pursued his meal. Occa sionally, as Aunt Elizabeth put a fresh question, he would regard her with a long stare, but otherwise gave no sign of ani mation. This finally so exasperated my aunt that she addressed him — ' Thomas, do not stare.' Thomas looked mildly surprised for a moment, and then enquired, ' Why not ?' '?Does the boy think Tm a wild Indian T The question was addressed to me, but I cosld not say, so kepta discreet silence. Thomas relieved me from my difficulty by answering, ' No,' thought fully, ' Then why stare so ? I'm sure I don't know what boys are made of nowadays.' 'Slugs and snails and puggy-dogs' tails,' was the dreamy answer. 'Thomas, how dare you? I should like to catch the person who taught yon such nonsense. I'd teach him !' ' It was Uncle Loveday,' remarked the Innocent Thomas. There was an awful pause, which I broke at length by asking to be allowed to go. Aunt Elizabeth saw her way to getting rid of the offender. ?' Thomas, you might walk with Jasper over the downs to Lantrig. It will be nice exercise for you.' ' It may be exercise, aunt, but ? ' ?' Do not answer me, but go. . Where do you expect little boys will go to who are always idle V ' Sleep,' hazarded ThomasL 'Thomas, you shall learn the whole of Dr. Watts's poem on the sluggard before you go to bed this night.' At this the boy slowly rose, took his cap, stood before her, and solemnly re peated the whole of that melancholy tale, finishing the last line at the door and gravely bowing himself out. I followed, awestruck, and we set out in silence. At first, anxletyf or my motherpossessed all my thoughts, but presently I ventured to congratulate Tom onhis performance. 'She has read it to me so often,' re plied he, ' that I can't help knowing it. I hate Dr. Watts, and I love to go to sleep. I dream such jolly things. Sleep is ever so much nicer than being awake. Isn't It?' I wanted sleep, having had but little for two nights, and could therefore agree with him. *' Yon .get such jolly adventures when you dream,' said Tom reflectively. I had been rather surfeited with adven tures lately, so held my peace. ' JSowt real life Is so doll. . If one could only meet with adventures ? ' 1 caught the sound of wheels behind us and turned round. We had struck off the downs on to the high road. A light gig with one occupant was approaching us. As it drew near the driver hailed us. 'Hallo ! lads, is this the road for Pol klmbra ?' The speaker was a short, grizzled, sea fating man, with a kind face and good humored mouth. He drove execrably, and pulled his quiet mare right back upon her haunches. I answered that it was. 'Are you bound for there? Yes? Jump up then. I'll give you a lift. I looked at Tom ; he, of course, was ready for anything that would save trouble, so we clambered up beside the stranger. ' There was a wreck there yesterday I've heard,' said he after we had gone a few yards, ' and an inquest, and, by the tale I heard, a lot of lies told.' ' I started. The man did not notice it, but continued — i ' Maybe you've heard of it. Well, it's : a rum world, and a fiae lot of lies gets | told every day, but you don't often get j so accomplished a liar as thafcchap — what's J his name ? Blessed If I can taskle it ; not but what it's another lie, I'll wager.' I was listening intently. He continued more to himself than to us— 'An amazing liar, though I wonder what his gnine was. It beats me ; beats me altogether. The 'James and Eliza beth,' says he, as large as life. I take it the fellow couldn't 'a been fooling who brought the news to Falrnonth. Didn't know nee from Adam, and was fairly put about when he saw how I took it, and, says he, c 'twas the James and Elizabeth the chap said, as sure as I staud here.' Boy, do you happen to know the name o£ the vessel that ran ashore here night afore last?' I had grown accustomed to being esked this dreadful question, and therefore answered as bravely as I could, 'The James and Elizabeth., sir.' 'Captain's name?15 ' Captain Antonius Merrydew.' 'Ah, poor chap. He was lying sick below when she struck, wasn't he ? And he had a wife aboard, and a child barn at sea, hadn't he ? Jb'ell sick In the Bay o' Biscay, like any land-lubber, didn't he ? Why, 'tis like play- actin'; damme ! 'tis better than that.' With this the man burst into aahout of laughter and slapped his thigh until his face grew purple with merriment. ' What d'ye think of it, boy, for a rare farce ? Was ever the likes of it heard 1 Captain Antonius Merrydew sick in the Bay o' Biscay ? Ho, ho 1 Where's play actin' beside it V 'Wasn't it true, sir?' ' 'True? Gold bless the boy ! Look me in the face ; look me in the face, and then ask me if it's true.' *'Bat why should it not be true, sir?' ' Because I am Captain Autonlus Merrydew!' For the rest of the journey I sat stunned. Tliomas beside me was wide awake and staring, seeing his way to au adventure at last. It was I that dreamed —I heard without comprehension the rest of the captain's tals— how he had come, after a quick passage from Ceylon, to Fal mouth with the barque James and Eliza beth, just in time to hear of this mon strous lie ; how he was unmarried, aud never had a day's iUnesB in his life ; how, suspecting foul play, he had hired a horse and gig with a determination to drive over to Polkimbra and learn the truth ; how a horse and gig were the most cursedly obstinate of created things; with much besides in the way of oaths and ejacula tions. All this I must have heard, for memory brought them back later ; but I did not listen. My life and circumstances had got the upper hand of me, and were dancing a devil's riot. At last, after much tacking and porting of helm, we navigated Polkimbra Hill and cast anchor before the Lugger. There we alighted, thanked the captain, and left him piping all hands to the horse's head. His cheery voice followed us down to the sands. We had determined to cut across Polkimbra Beach and Jclimb up to Lantrig by Beady-Money Clifis, as in order to go along the path above the cliffa we should have to ascend Polkimbra Hill again. The beach was so full of horror to me that without a com panion I could not have crossed it; but Tom's presence lent me courage. Tom was nearer to excitement than I had ever seen him ; he grew voluble ; praised the captain, admired his talk, and de clared adventure to be abroad in the air — in fact, threw up his head as though he scented it. Yes, adventure was in the air. It was not exactly to my taste, however, nor did the thought of my poor mother at home make me more sympathetic with Tom's ecstasy ; so whilst he chattered I strode gloomily forward over the beach. * The day was drawing towards noon. October was revelling in an after- taste of summer, and smiled in broad glory over beach and sea. A light breeze bore east ward a few fleecy clouds, and the waves danced and murmured before its breath. Their salt scent was la 6m nostrils, and the glitter of the sand in our eyes. Black and sombre in the clear air, Dead Man's Rock 'rose in gloomy isolation from the sea, while the seablrds swept in glistening circles round its summit. But what was that at its base % Seemingly, a little knot of men stood at the water's edge. As we drew nearer I could distinguish their formB but not their occupation, for they stood In a circle intent on some object in their midst concealed from our view. Presently, however, they fell into a rough line as though making for the archway to Beady -Money Cove. Something they carried among them, and con tinually stooped over ; but what it was I could not see. Their pace was very slow, but they turned into the arch and were disappearing, when I caught sight of the uncouth little figure of Joe Roseorla among the last, and ran forward, hailing Trim by name, At the sound of my voice Joe started, -turned round and made a slow pause; then, with a few words to his neighbor, came quickly towards me. As he drew near, I saw that his face was white and his manner full of embarrassment; but he put on a smile, and spoke first — ? 'Why, Jasper, what be doln' along here 2' ' I'm going home. Has Uncle Love day seen mother 2 And is she better ?' ' Aw Ibb, he've a seen her an' she be quieter ; leastways, he-be bound to do her a power o' good. But what be goin' back for 1 'Tain't no use botherin' indoors wi' your mother In thicky wisht state. Bun about an9 get some play.' ' What were you doing down by the Bock just now, Joe ?' Joe hesitated for a while, stammered, and then said 'Nuthin.' 'Bat, Joe, you were doing something, what were ' you carrying over to Beady Money?' ' Look-ee here, my lad, ran an' play, an' doan't ax no questions. 'Tain't for little boys to ax questions. Now I comes to think of it, doctor said as you was to stay over to Lizard Town, *cos there ain't no need of a passel of boys in a sick house, so run along back.' Joe's voice had a curious break in it, and his whole bearing was so unaccount able that I did not wonder when Tom quietly said — ' Joe, you're telling lies.' Now Joe was, in an ordinary way, the soul of truth ; so I looked for an explo sion. To my surprise, however, he took no notice of the insult, but turned again tome— ' Jasper, lad, run along back ; do'ee now.' His voice was so full of entreaty that a sudden suspicion took hold of me. 'Joe, is — has anything happened to mother ?' 'Noa, to be sure; she'll be gettin' well fast enough, if so be as you let her be.' ' Then I'll go and see Uncle Loveday, and find out if I am really to go back.' I made a motion to go, but he caught me quickly by the arm. ' Now, Jasper, doan't 'ee go ; run back, I tell 'ee — run back — I tell 'ee you must go back.' His words were so earnest and full of command that I turned round and faced him. Something in his eyes filled me with sickening fear. ' Joe, what were you carrying V No answer. 'Joe, what were you carrying V Still no answer, bat an appealing motion of the hand. 'Joe, what was it 2' 'Go back!' he said hoarsely. 'Go back !' ' I will not, until 1 have seen wh&t; you were carrying.' 'Go back, boy; for God's sake go back !' I wrenched myself from his' grasp and ran with all speed. Joe and Tom followed me, but fear gave me fleetness. Behind I could hear Joe's panting voice, crying, ' Come back !' but the agony in his tone set me running faster. I flew through the archway and saw the small procession half way across the cove. At my shout they halted, paused, and one or two advanced as if to stop me. But I dashed through their hands into their midst, and saw — God in heaven ! What ? The drowned face of my father ! Tenderly as women they lifted me from the body. Gently and with tear-stained faces, they stood around and tried to comfort me. Reverently, while Joe Ros corla held me in his arms behind, they took up the corpse of him they had known and loved so well, and carried it up the cliffa to Lantrig. As they lifted the latch and bore the body across the threshold a yell of maniac laughter echoed through the house to the very rooL And this was my father's 'Welcome Home !' Nay, not all ; for as Uncle Loveday started to his feet the door behind him flew open, and my mother, all in white, with very madness in her eyes, rushed to the corpse, knelt, caught the dead hand, kissed and fondled the dead face, cooing and softly laughing the while with a tender rapture that would have moved hell itself to pity. In this manner it was that these two fond lovers met. Chapter VII. — Tells How Uscle Loveday Made a Discovert ; and what the Tin -Box Costaiked. An hour afterwards I was Bitting at the bedside of my dying mother. The shock of that terrible meeting had brought her understanding— and death; for as her mind returned her life ebbed away. White and placid she lay upon her last bed and spoke no word; but In her eyes could be read her death-warrant, and by me that which was yet more full of anguiBh, a tender but unfading re proach. This world is full of misunder standings, but seldom is met one so despe rate. How could I tell her now ? ' And how could she ever understand ? It was all too late. 'Too late ! too late !' the words haunted me there as the bright sun struggled through the drawn blind and illumined her saintly face. They aud the look hi her sweet eyes have haunted me many a day since then, and would be with me yet, did I not believe she knows the truth at last. There are too many. ghost3 in my memories for heaven to lightly add this one more. She was dying — slowly and peacefully dying, and this was the end of her waiting. He had returned at last, this husband for whose coming she had watched so long. He had returned at last, after all his labor, and had been laid at her feet a dead man. She was free to go and join her love. To me, child as I was, this was sorely cruel. Death, as I know not, is very merciful even when he seems most merciless, but as I sat and watched the dear life slowly drift away from me it was a hard matter to under stand. The pale sunlight came and flickered and went ; but she.lay to all seeming un changed. Her pulses' beat was failing — falling ; the .broken heart feebly strug gling to its rest ; but her sad eyes were still the same, appealing, questioning, re buking— all without hope of answer or ex planation. So were they when the sobbing fishermen lifted her from the body, so would they be until closed for the last sleep. It was very crueL My father's body lay in the room below, with Uncle Loveday and Mrs. Busvargus for watchers. Now and again my uncle would steal softly upstairs, and as softly return with hopelessness upon his face. The clock downstairs gave the only sound I heard, as it marked the footsteps of the dark angel coming nearer and nearer. Twice my mother's lips parted as if to speak, but though I bent down to catch her words I could hear no sound. So, as I sat and watched her waxen face, all the sweet memories of her came back in a sad, reproachful train. Once more we sat together by the widowed hearth, reading ; once more we stood upon the rocky edge of Pedn-glaa and looked into the splendors of the summer sunset ' for father's ship ;' once more we knelt together in Polkimbra Church, and prayed for his safe return ; once more I heard that sweet, low voice — once more ? Ah, never, never more ! Uncle Loveday stole Into the room on tip-toe, and looked at her ; then turned and asked — *f Has she spoken yet V 'No.' He was about to leave when the lips parted again, and this time she spoke — ' He Is coming, coming. Hush ! that IshlBstepl' The dark eyes were ablaze with expec tation, the pale cheek aglow with hope. I bent down over the bed, for her voice was very low. ' He is coming, I know It. Listen S Oh, husband, come quicker, quicker 2' Alas ! poor saint, ti*e step you listen for has gone before, and is already at the gats of heaven. ' He is here ! Oh, husband, husband, yon have come for me !' A moment she sat up with arms out stretched, and glory in her face ; then fell back, and the arms that caught her were the arms of God. ? ? * ? s After the first pang of bereavement had spent itself Uncle Loveday got me to bed, and there at last I slept. The very be wilderment of so much sorrow enforced sleep, and sleep was needed; so that, worn out with watching and excitement, I had not so much as a dream to trouble me. It was 10 o'clock in the morning when I awoke and saw my uncle sitting beside the bed. Another sun was bright in the heavens outside ; the whole world looked so calm and happy that my first impulse was to leap up and run, as was my custom, to mother's room. Then my eyes fell on Uncle Loveday, and the whole dreadful truth came surging Into my awakened brain. I sank back with a low moan upon the pillow. Uncle lioveday, who had been watching me, stepped to the bed and took my hand. 'Jasper, boy, are yon better 2' After a short struggle with my grief I plucked np heart to answer that I was. ' That's a brave boy. I asked, because % I have yet to tell yon something. I am a ' doctor, yon know, Jasper, and so yon may take my word when I say there is no good in what Is called 'breaking news.' It is always best to have the pain over and done with ; at least, that's my experience. Now, my dear boy, though God knows you have sorrow enough, there is still some thing to tell ; and if you are the boy I take you for, It is best to let you know at once.' Dimly wondering what new blow for tune could deal me, I sat np In bed and looked at my uncle helplessly. ' Jasper, you think— do yon not — that your father was drowned V 'Of course, uncle.' 'He was not drowned.' 'Not drowned!' ' No, Jasper, he was murdered.' The words came slowly and solemnly, and even withthefirst shock of surprise the whole troth dawned upon me. This, then, explained the effect my name had wrought; upon those two strange men. This was the reason why, as we sat together upon Dead Man's Bock, the eyes of John Railton had refused to meet mine ; this was the reason why his murderer had gripped me so viciously upon Ready Money Beach. These few words of my uncle's began slowly to piece together the scattered puzzle of the last two days, so that I half guessed the answer as lacked— \- -, e.^. r— -— »'~ ---V— jk y F~ 'Murdered! How?' ' He was stabbed to death.' I knew it, for I remembered the empty sheath that hung at Rhodojani's waist, and heard again Sallfcon's words, ' Cstp tain, it was your knife.' As certainly as if I had fitted the weapon to its case, I knew that man had prompted father's murder. Even as I knew it my terror of him faded away, and a blind and helpless hate sprang up In its stead ; helpless now, but some day to be masterful and worthy of heed. That the man who called himself Georgio Rhodojani was guilty of one death I knew from the witness of my own eyes ; that he had two more lives upon his black account — for the band that struck my father had also slain my mother — I knew as surely. ' And the devil has got his due, my lads I' No, not yet ;' there was still one priceless soul for him to wait for. 'He was stabbed,' repeated Uncle Loveday, ' stabbed to the heart, and from behind. I found this blade as I examined your poor father's body. It was broken off close to the hilb, and left in ihe wound, which can hardly have bled at all. Death must have been immediate. It's a strange business, Jasper, and a strange blade by the look of it.' I took the blade from his hand. It was about four inches in length, sharp, and curiously worked ; one Bide was quite plain, but the other was covered with in tricate tracery, and down the centre, bordered with delicate fruit and flowers, I spelt out the legend ' Ricordati.' 'What does that word mean?' I asked, as I handed back the steel. My voice was so calm and steady that Uncle Loveday glanced at me for a moment in amazement before he answered — 'It's not Latin, Jasper, but It's like Latin, and I should think must mean ' Remember,' or something of the sort.' ' ' Remember,' ' I repeated. ' I will, uncle. As surely as father was murdered, I will remember — when the time comes.' They were strange words from a boy. My uncle looked at me again, but doubt less thinking my brain turned with grief, said nothing. ' Have you told anybody 2' I asked at length. ' I have seen nobody. There will be an inquest, of course, bat in this case an in quest can do nothing. Murderer and murdered have both gone to their account, By-the-way, I suppose nothing has been seen of the man who gave evidence. It was an unlikely tale ; and this makes it the more suspicious. Bless my soul !' said my uncle suddenly, 'to think it never struck me Trefore! Your father was to sail in the Belle Fortune, and this man gave the name of the ship as the James and Elizabeth.' ' It was the Belle Fortune, .and the man told a falsehood.' ' I suppose It must have been.' 11 1 know It was.' ' Know ? How do you know ?' ' Because toe James and Elizabeth is lying at this moment in Falmouth Har bor, and. her captain is down at the ' Lugger/ ' Thereupon I told how I had met with Captain Antonius Merrydew. Nay, more, for my heart ached for confidence, I re counted the whole story of my meeting with John Railton, and the struggle upon Dead Man's Bock. Every word I told, down to the dead man's legacy — the packet and letter which I hid in the cowhouse. As the tale proceeded my uncle's eyes grew wider and wider with astonishment. But I held on calmly and resolutely to the end, nor after the first shock of wonderment did he doubt my sanity or truthfulness/ but grew more and more gravely inte rested. When I had finished my narrative thara was a long silence. Finally Uncle Love day spoke— ' Itfoaremaikabtestory — avery remark able story,' he said slowly and thought fully. ,' In all my life I have sever heard so strange a tale. But the man must be caught. He cannot have gone far, if as you say he was here at Lantrig. only the night before last. I expect they are on the lookout for Titm down at Polkimbra since they have heard the captain's statement ; bat all the same I will send off Joe Boscorls, who is below, to make buto. I most have a pipe, Jasper, to think this over. As a general rule I am not a smoker ; your aunt does not— ahem! — exactly Eke the smell. Bat it collects the thoughts, and this wants thinking over. Meanwhile, yon might dress if you feel well enough. Bun to the shed and get the packet j we wffl read It over together when I have finished my pipe. It is a remarkable story,' he re peated, as he slowly opened the door, ' a most marvellous story. I must have a pipe. A most— remarkable — tale.' With this he went downstairs and left me to dress. 1 did so, and ran downstairs to the cow shed. No one had been there. With eager fingers I tore away the bricks from the crumbling mortar and drew out my prize; The buckle glittered in the light that stole through the gaping door. Ail was safe, and as I left it. Clutching my treasure I ran back to the house and found Mrs. Busvargas spreading the midday meal. Until that was over I knew that Uncle Lovedale would not attack the mystery. He was sitting out side in the front garden smoking solemnly, and the wreaths of his pipe, curling in through the open door, filled the house with fragrance. I crept upstairs to my mother's door, and reverently entered the dim-lit room. They had laid the two dead lovers side by -side upon the bed. Very peace fully they^ slept the sleep that was then? meeting — peacefully as though nowicked nees had marred then' lives or wrought their death. I could look upon them calmly now. My father had left his heritage— a heritage far different from that which he went forth to win ; but I accepted it nevertheless. Had they known in heaven the full extent of that In heritance, would they not, as I kissed their dead lips In token of my acceptance, have given some sign to stay me? Had I known, as I bent over them, to what the oath in my heart would bring me, would I even then have renounced It ? I cannot say. The dead lips were silent, and only the dead know what will be. Uncle Loveday was already at table when I descended. But small was cmpre tence of eating. Mrs. Basvargos, id is true, had lost no appetite through sorrow ; but Mrs. Busvargus was accustomed to such scenes, and hi her calling treated death with no more to do than she would a fresh customer at her * husband's inn. i Long attendance at death-beds seemed to have given that good women a perennial youth, and certainly that day she seemed to have lost the years which I had gained. Undo Loveday made some faint display of heartiness ; but lb was ihe most tens parent feigning. He covered hia defec tion by pressing huge helpings upon me, jo that my plate was bidding fair to be come a new Tower of Babel, when Mrs, BusvargUB interposed and swept the meal away ; after which she disappeared Into the back Mtchen to *' wash np,' and was no more seen ; but we heard load splash logs at intervals as if she had found » fountain, and were renewing her youth in it. (To he continued,) ? ^^ 