SEIECT POETRV. mniCATION OF tHE SHAK8PEARE: BHOtAIIW » bi ot«nt wsndeil holbm. WelMmctilfflc>rwmoifl thy silvery gleitm, T ' moo lonzJihpHMncd stfcsm I tfelecnio Ibcrtfogio ol.thy..d7«taT beads japlnbiflS rfuoJropfl to the flowery meads, -:l .nmfflflrt breath to Avon's whispering recdst \- Prom roek-wallcd channels; drowned In rnyless night, " Leap forth to DfeAnd light ; V ffrte from the darkness of thy troubled dream, And groet with answering smilo tbo morning' J : Bo pacer lymph tho whitfr-limlx Hnittd knows 3 Than from thy chalico.flowa f 1 Hot ihcblight-epring-or Afric'dannny shores, ..! fljarry wlthopangUaVwaahcdfroin golden orei, ; Her gto»y elroam Btsndusia'a fountain poors, HorwAve translucent where Sabrina fair Braids her iooao flowing hair, Kor tho swift enrrenfc; stainless as it roso ' Where chill Arvolroa atoals from Alpine snowa, Bert shall the traveller atay his weary feet To aeek thy ealo retreat; ' Hero at high noon the brown armca reaper rest; '- Jlcre, when tho shadows, lengthening from tho west, Call the rnnto songbird to his leafy nest, V Matron and mnld ehAlTchat tho cores away . > That brooded o'er tho day, WhUo flocking round them troops of children meet, And all iho arches ring with laughter sweet. Here shall the steed, his poticnt life who spends ' Jn toll that nercr ends, i \- Bot from b'ls thirsty tramp o'crhltl and plain. riuago his red nostrils, .while tho torturing rein \- «' Drops in looao lOQpa-bcsUta his floating mane ; Nor the poor hruto tlut shares his master's lot- Finds his small needs forgot— TVacst ofhumblo, long enduring friends, " Whojc presenco cheers, whoso guardian care defends 1 Here lark and thrush and nightingale shall sin, f And skimming swallows dip, And strango.shy. wanderers fold their lustrous plnmcs fragrant from bowers that lent their sweet pcrfames Where rasstora'd rort or Peraiu's lilac blooms ; Here from bis cloud the eagle stoops to drink At the full basin's brink, And whet bfi bca'c against its rounded lip, ' tils glossy1 Feathers glistening ns they drip. a Hero shaft the dreaming poet linger long, . . i - Far from his listening throng — Nor lutooor lyre his trembling hand shall bring, Here no frail Muse shall imp her crippled wing, : No faltering minstrel strain his throat to slngl ' v These hallowed echoes who shall dare to claim, \ ' Whoso tuneless voice would shnme, Whoso jangling chords, with jarring notes would wrong The nymphs that heard the Swan of Avon'j song/1 What vliions greet tho pilgrim's raptured oycsl What ghosts mado real rise 1 Tbo dead return— they breathe— thoy live again, Joined by tho host of Fancy's airy train, Fresh from tho springs of Shokspeare's quickening brain I Tbo stream that slakes tho soal's divlnor thirst llcro found tho sunbeams first ; ; .t Rich with his fame, not leas shall memory prizo Tbo gracious gift that humbler wants supplies. Otr the wide waters reached tho band that gave To all this bounteous wave, > With health and strength and joyous beauty fraught ; fiket be Ibo genoroas pledge of friendship, brought t irom the far homo of brother's lore, unbonght I J. v. Long may fair Avon's fountain-flow, enrolled With storied shrines of old, ' Csiialla's spring, Egcria's dewy cave, And Horeb's rock tho God of Israel clave 1 Und of our Fathers, ocean'mokcs us two, Bat heart to heart is trnc 1 ; Proud h your towering daughter in tho West, v Yet In lier burning lifo bldod reign contest Ber mother's pulses beating in her breast This holy fount whoso rills from heaven descend, -? Iiagradoaa drops shalllend— Both rorehcads bathed in that baptismal dew, And iovomako one tho old'Iiome and the new 1 ' " 