LOCAL NEWS rut; official record of tbe rainfall throughout Queensland for the month of December 1867, is to band in tbe last Govern ent GazeUr.. As far as relates to the Wide Bay and Burnett districts, we find that the rainfall for the month was as follows: Maryborough, 3'570ins. ; Gym pie, 3'930ius. ; Kilkivan, S'550ins. ; Gay n- dab, 5'800ius. ; Mount Perry, 3'220ins. ; Bundaberg, 3'70Sina. ; Woody Island, l-660ius. ; Iuskip Point, 2'890ius. Along the Queensland coast the fall was as under : Brisbane, 4'138ins. ; Rockhamp ton,6'190ins. ; Mackay, 9'920ins. ; Towns ville, 6'020ius. ; Bowen, 3'500ins. ; Cook town, 16S70ius. ; i^urmanton, 5'870ins. Inland tbe rainfall registered at tbe undermentioned places is as follows : Clermont, 4'690ins. ; Arainac, 1'TlOins. ; Geraldtown, 41'470inB.; Banana, 3'400ins.; Barcaldine, l-640ins. ; Taroom, 1 780ins. ; Toowoomba, 3'600in. ; Warwick, 2'384in. ; Stanthorpe, 3'699ins. Tbe heaviest rain fall for the month was, as usual, on the Johnstone River, the township of Gerald ton recording 41 '470ins. : and the greatest fall in 24 hours was 8'750ins., at Innis bowen, Johnstone River. The B.I.S.N. Co.'s R.M. steamer Cbeyebassa, from London, via North Queensland ports, arrived at the White Cliffs at 6 o'clock last night aud started discharging from 2 batches at 7 p.m. into tbe steamer Sylvan and ketch Wbaup, j which were waiting at the White Cliffs lor her. She will probably finish with the Sylvan .about ixiid-day to-day, and she will bring the immigrants up to Maryborough. The Cbeyebassa has 319 tons of cargo for Maryborough, 290 tons of which are steel rails, and the follow ing immigrants 5 married couples, 13 children, 44 single men and 3 single women. The Cbeyebassa will either leave to-night or early to-morrow morn ing for Brisbane. Wb understand that Jack Donavan, the well-known trainer of athletes from Melbourne, has arrived, and intends to give an entertainment of boxing, wrest ling, fencing and club swinging, with gold medals to local winners. Local sports may lookout for some genuine fun, as he is accustomed to arranging these matters to the satisfaction of southern critics. He is stopping at Cook's Hotel, aud will be happy to nive lessons iu the noble art. It is currently rumoured that Inspector Lloyd, of Maryborough, is about to ob tain nine months leave of absence before retiring after a very long period of useful service. One thing is certain that the continued absence ot tbe bead of the police lu this place is leading to a thorough disorganization of the force, and the sooner the matter is settled one way or another, the better for the town. Four of the nine peal of bells at tbe Church of England are hung, aud tbe rest should be up by tbe end of the week. On St. Patrick's Day they will be rung for the first time. A firat-ulasa association of bellringers from Sydney is being im ported to ' open' tbe riuging, and to give lessons to aspiring ringers. Tbe Rector has on bis list nearly a full local team. At tbe Police Court yesterday before R. A. Ranking, Esq,, P.M., Charlie, a Cingalese, on reuiana on suspicion of the larceny of a gold ring, the property of Mrs. Brown, of tbe Grand Hotel, was discharged, the Police offering no evi dence against the accused. Bob, au aboriginal, for drunkenness, was fined 5s. or lu default 48 hours in the lockup. The Maryborough 'Hospital report for the week ending February 20th, 1888, is as follows: — Remained, 28; since ad mitted, 13 ; total, 41 ; discharged, 6 ; died, 1 ; remaining ; Males, 25 ; females, 9 ; total, 34 ; out-patients, 28 ; total treated, 69\. A lice Williams, aged 36 years, died of bronchitis. A sooiad dance under the auspices of. the General Gordon Lodge will be given in the Protestant Hall, North- street, on Thursday evening next, when a most enjoyable evening will no doubt be spent by those who attend. 'Clausen's New york Champagne Lager Beer is tbe finest in tbe world,' - It challenges and courts comparisons with any-'otber brand. -f / i tub only perfectly : pure spirit procurable^' Wolfe's Schnapps, ON Friday a temperance entertainment , will be given, at St. Paul's, Church of England schoolroom. One of tbe leading features of the evening wjll be a dlacpurae by the Rev. Mr. Stokr.e ou tliQaubjpot of iut*mperanee, as affecting the stomach, brain and Houl of man.' Thk steamer Polly arrived at Mary borough at 5 p.m. yesterday to start oil her three months charter to the Isis In vestment Company to carry coal to Roekbampton lor the Central Railway. She brought 700 steel rails from Brisbane j'witli her. I- A remarkable instance of the remu nerative character of the iuvestment af forded' through the medium of life assur Kiice has just been brought uiider our no tice («ays the Sydti'y Mail): The late Mr. H. W. A. Allan, so well known in the community, assurred bis life with the Australian Mutual Provident Society under two policies, particulars regarding which are as follows :— No. 590 ; date, February, 1856 : amount, £600 ; paid in premiums, £272 10s.; amount of claim, £1161 13s. No. 4252 ; date, February 1861 : amount, £1000; paid in premiums, £605 16s. 8d.; amount of claim,:' £1800 8s. From these figures it will be seen that tbe policy for £500 was increased by bonuses to £1,161 14s., and that for £1,000 to £1,800 8a. Tbe premiums on both policies were paid up in twenty years, aud a simple calculation will show that tbe amounts paid oh tbe claims are equal to tbe investment of the premiums paid at a rate of 6| per cent iu the first case and 6i per cent iu tbe second, compound interest; while the assurance has iu the meantime been carried without cost to the assurer. The results are truly phe nomenal and deserve to be made widely known. The sensatiou of the hour iu Loudon (says tbe World) is tbe doings and say ings of the ' lady ol tbe nuggets.' Miss Alice ' Cornwall ' in a fews weeks has achieved wonders. Sbe has softened the heart of the secretary of the Slock Ex change ; sbe has exhibited her latest 'Qnds' to admiring archbishops and bisbop3 at tbe Mansiou House ; she has convinced Mr. Bryant that goldsearch ing is more profitable tbau match -mak- ing : she has held her own speculators nud financiers ; and sbe bas successfully floated a company which rejoices in the familiar name of ' Midas.' Miss 'Corn- wall ' In Australia generally contrived to find ore where everybody else had failed, and in Londou the charming but astule lady-miner bids fair to attract a large share of the interest hitherto bestowed on lady-doctors, lady- astronomers, and lady bonnet-makers. [This lady is already on her way to Australia a* last week's cables announced.— Ed. JU.f'-.] Operations for the present season ceased at the Millaquin Refinery on Sat urday last. The output of sugar has been most satisfactory. This gigantic mill employs 120 white men and 25 kanakas for nine months in the year, which is conclusive proof that this large manu factory is not only an acquisition in tbe many wayB it promotes the prosperity and welfare of the sugar industry of this district, but is a blessing on account of tbe large number of white people it affords employment for, amounting to over 200directly or indirpctly. Pending the necessary overhaul of tbe machinery the re-commencement of operations will not take place till about the end of May or 1st of June next. -Mail. The Victorian Secretary of Agricul' ture last week visited the Forest Reserve at You Yangs Planting was commenced there four years ago, and since then several million blue gum, red gum, ironbark, light-bark, and wattle plants have been placed out. Nearly 1000 acres of land are enclosed, and the cultivated results are so success ful that the appearauce of tbe couutry is quite changed. Many saplings have reached a height of 15ft. Iu stony parts of the reserve wbere planting bas not been carried out, a large indigenous growth, principally of light wood and wattling, is springing up, and covering the sides of the hills. It Is intended to plant another 3000 acres in the vicinity. Recorded dying sayings have hitherto borne out the theory of Sir Benjamin Brooie that, as a general rule, the final close of life is not a painful prooess, ' Pmto non dolet,' exclaimed Arri to her husband as her life ebbed away, Dr. William Hunter wished on hisdeath bed that be had strength to write down 'How easy and pleasant a thing it is to die;-' and Louis XIV. ' thought dying had been harder.' A different opinion was expressed the other day by the well known Austrian journalist, Eduard Hugel, as he was on the point of yielding up the ghost. 'Dying is very hard — very hard,' he Is reported to have whispered with bis last breath. ' I imagined that it was quite different.' Mr. Tnos. Dolphin, the Queensland representative of Messrs. Laird and Co,, shipbuilders, Glasgow, Is making in quiries on behalf of tbe firm with re ference to tbe suitability of tbe timbers grown about the Cairns and Herberton distriots for shipeuilding purposes. After a peraopal report aud a supplementary report issued by tbe timber commissioners who recently tested samples of looal timbers used iu the Cairns aud Herberton Railway, Mr. Dolphin anticipates these tiraberB will suit the firm. It is, there fore, more than likely instigation will lead to the development of an extensive timer industry here for shipbuilding. When, after the defeat of France, the German engineering staff insisted on keeping Metz, and set about strengthen ing and enlarging their even then Btrong and great fortresses on tbe west, Count von Moltke being asked why such pre cautions were necessary, eloquently Bilent as he bas beeu described to be iu six languages, although looking westwards towards Frauce, significantly and markedly pointed blB finger over liis back towardB tbe east, showing that Russia waB in his mind, and that German states men even tben knew what they had to look forward to. The total number of specieB of Eucalyp tus in Australia is over; 130. Eliminat ing some shrubby species, there remain over 100 species of timber trees belonging to this single genus. But while eucalyp tus (gum-tree) are so common, tbe pro roundest Ignorance in regard to them exists amongst tbe majority of people. No less than 13 species of eucalyptus boast the name of ' blue gum,' !) that of 'red gum,' 13 that of 'white gum,' 7 that of ironbark,' 8 that of 'peppermint,' 12 that of stringybark,' 8 that of ' box,' 6 that of 'mountain ash,' and so* on almost infinitely. Doonan and HaInley beg 'to advise the ladles and general public that they have landed, ex a.s. ' Duke of Argyle,' direct from tbe manufactorB, and are now showing a choice lot of dresB materials, plushes, white and coloured - flannels, blankets, &c.; ; also, large assort ments iu Shetland, Andalusian, Berlin, and other wools, fancy work, and materials of various descriptions* « Iqsdbc* lion invited. j ' , Tiib secret of lift construction of tbe Waterbury Watch iB simplicity.1 The pecret of its accuracy is simplicity, and the secret of its low cost is Simplicity. Treat It as fairly as you would a more ex pensive watch, ana- you will find it a faithful friend. Wolfe's Schnapps ibe fcrcal remedy -for dyspepsia. fa' 