A ROMANCE OP FOREIGN MISSIONS. BY THE RBV. JOSEPH PAUKER, D.D. " One Simon, a tanner."--ACTS X. , 6. i Yon know that preachers are fanatics. Let me speak to that point, for I, too, am a preacher. Weare not preachers because we arc incapables. If some of us had been sent to school early enough we might almost have got a living as clerks. There aro some ministers who, if they had been taught to read and write, might have made even solicitors-writers to the signet, whatever that may mean. Wo aro not preachers because we have had no ether choice, or because we are fools. We have quito other reasons for being preachers. But let UH go to a man who was no fanatic His nome shall be CHARLES DARWIN, a man of whom all civilised men arc proud, and for whom they thank God ; a monument of patience, industry, impartial criticism, inexorable persistence in the line he believes to be right. I will have no dishonor cast without protest on that illustrious name ! Some long time ago, let us Pay roundly half a century ago, ho made a circuit of the world in H.M.S. Beagle. Ho says in his own writing (hear this and be converted" and leave the house Christians !) that he called at one place, Tierra del Fuego, and there he seems to have lost humanity. There were men, women, and children there, the like of whom he had never seen. It seemed as if, whatever their origin might be, they were going back to all but utter beastiality. He left tho place in horror. He wrote about it that the case was irremediable. He spoke of it in the strongest terms which a philosopher or man of science may uso. The British Admiralty warned its ships not to go near that coast. Lot tis havo no shuffling, I bind you on your oath to reason and to be fair. Be decent, be just, The place was left to rot. Let that stand alone. Let us go down to the city of Bristol. Here is a constable who picks up a little bundle. Behold ! it is A CHILD, A FOUNDLING, left between two bridges, without a namo, with- out father, mother, relation that could be identi- fied. And because tho little thing was found between two bridges ho wns called " Bridges/' and because he was found on St. Thomas's Day ho was called " Thomas "-Thomas Bridges, and there ho was, nobody's child. Only a pauper whom nobody owno. Koop your eye upon him. Let us have no laughing now. This is God's house, and thia is God's altar, Thero he is, poor little Thomas ¡ Bridges. He is trained as Britain trains her I paupers, and a shocking, shameful way in many 'cases it is! He is brought up from day to day, and by-and-by he says, " 1 lovo Christ. I want to be a missionary. 1 want to go where nobody else will go." Dear child! Thab whict is born I in him is born of tho Holy Ghost. Tho Holy Thing that ÍB being conceived in t is mind and heart is tho child of tho Highest. These are tho miraculous conceptions about whose authenticity we have no doubt ! He must go. Arrangements were made, and he was Bent to Tierra del Fuego, Bhunned by Darwin and the British Admiralty as a pest house would be shunned. Wnat is thia letter? It is a letter from Tierra del Fuego. The writer signs it Thomas Bridges." What is his report ? It ia that the wilderness is blossuming like the rose. Is that so ? It is a fact. We aro nob dealing with theories or dreams of persons of inflamed imaginations, but with simple fauts. Men, said Tüomas Bridges, are beginning to pray, to feel that religious wonder which is not far from religious worahip. Thoy are asking for clothes, for houses, for the ways of civilisation. They are beginning to make moral distinctions. They are rising. And when the report was sent to Charles Darwin, what said he P Ho sonta donation of £5 I to the Church Missionary Society, expressing his utter amazement that such a miracle could bo wrought. Honor to whom honor is due. WHO DID THIS ? He who sent; Peter to the house of Simon, tho tanner, which is by the seasidu. Who did this ? He who brought tho Roman lord and plebeian w slave together in holy communion. Who did this ? Ho who was murmured against because He had gone to be guest with a man that waB a sinner. Are we going to let Him romain un praised, unblessed, uncrowned ? Are we to bo dumb dogs when His name is mentioned as if we had never heard it before ? Or are we to recall tho ancient enthusiasm of the church, and give our selves up saying, " God forbid that I should glory Bave in the cross of our Lord and Saviour J esus Christ." You young men, I wonder you can sit still whilst there ia one man lost. You will not blush when your Master's name is mentioned, will you? Ask others to instance works like these, corroborated beyond all dispute, and if they can we should duly consider their import and value. I am not bound to any book or to any man, bo the book called " Bible" or the man called "Christ." I will relinquish the Bible the moment you can supply a better. That is all I am waiting for. I wiU relinquish Christ when you can produce a man who has done moro for the world, who has more perfectly revealed the Father, who has more completely interprete» the need and function of sacrifice. I feel that WE ARE STANDING UPON A ROCK. Thia is the revolution to which we aro all conv mitted. This would bring to a beauteous recon. ciliation all controverßies between capital ana labor. This would settle the grave social pr* blems of the day. This would rebuke human prido and vanity, and make man seo in man a brother. This would bring about The parliamonfc oí man, thc federation of tuc world ; and nothing else will ever do it. Wo have lost enthusiasm, passion ; we are afraid now of being sensational. We say about a man who mumbles his words so that nobody can hear him, that " there is nothing sensational about him," wkich is perfectly true. There is nothing sensa- tional about a paving stone ! But there seems to be something sensational about these leaping, vibrant, throbbing stars that are all in a tremble of joy ! There is nothing sensational in death, but there may be in the mystery of life. We are cursed by respectability. Sydney Smith said the church was dying of dignity. Are wo not all dying of passionlessness. How flippant our talk ! How superficial our relationships. How sensa tive our vanity. Have wo not quenched the Holy Ghost? Where are those alliances that are forged in the furnace of Divine love, those union? that cannot be dissolved? What if to-night we say, " The preacher is right in the main purpose and substance of his appeal." This is the accepted time. Let us rise as one man and pay, " We are for the Christ who makes men brothers by making them sons of God." POET AND TEACHER. Tho "Rev. Frederick Langbridge, M.A., is a cnriouB example of tho modern cleric who com-» bines the teachings of the pulpit with the familiar verse which is " understand ed of the common people." His object is to teach plain truths in homely language ; and, as tho traditions of the preacher do not alwayB strike home, he has sup- plemented his sermona with somo volumes of verse which, at any rate, can hnrdly be misunder« ' stood. His style of poetry cannot, however, be considered quito original. When, for example, he writes of low lifo in London, Bub God Rots up with tho while of licht, And Hm shutters in hardly put up all night; Folks may chattur ; hutthorol you bot lia ain't play'd out in tho city yot, he makes but a poor imitation of such, passages ia tb* " Biglow Papers/' AS Ef you take a sword and dror it, And go stick a fellor through, Uuv'iuent atu't to answer for it; God will send tho bill to you. So in his poem " A Regular Bad 'Un " he follows the style of Bret Harte's Jim ; and the title itself is taken from the exclamation of Jo m t{ Bleak House." But the following lines are more artistic: Ho sail'd tho seas, lie heit the French, Two «coro years ho tarried, And thon he thought " That little wench I wonder xf she's married ?" Noxt week a bluff old tar roll'd paBt, Tho gabl'd High-streot threading ; And ancient gossips crow'd " At last Wu're Uko to have the wedding." She'd waited for him flirty years Tho gray their locks was threading ; And some with smiles, and somo with tears, Beheld their silvor wedding. Mr. Langbridge is the author of various books for children, and songs for music; and he has a rising reputation in London. As a clergyman he is not as well known. Ho was born in Bir- mingham in March, 1849, and was educated first in a private school, then in Edward VI.'s Gram- mar School, Birmingham, aud finally in Oxford, taking his M.A. degree in Merton College. Ho entered the church, and was first licensed as curate of St. George's Parish, Kendal. Afterward he was incumbent of Glen Alla, county Donegal, and then of St. John's, Limerick. He is essent- ially a Broad Churchman, and has the happy art of preaching short and stirring common-sense sermons, suitable to the capacity of the minds of his hearers. 