A {'ail-ions CJitse* An elderly gentieinan residing in the Rue Rocheehouart, faris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly com'; to life. He has a nephew in Paris, who, being duly informed of his demise on Sunday, repaired at once to the house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle until they should be borne to their last resting place. Ôn Mon lay evening, as the lady was tired, her husband sent, her to the 'drawing-room to take some re pose oil sofa ; and, a servant placing some wine and broth ou a table, he threw himself into an armchair iu the bedroom and soon went soundly to sleep. On awakening at -t in the morning he found that the broth had disappeared and that the bottle of wine was halfmpty. Becoming alarmed lie went to hi wife in the drawing-room, aroused her, and old her what had happened. She returned to he bedroom with him, but the pair had hardly reached the door when they heard a noise. hey paused on the threshold, and to their onsternation, a voice bade them not to be fraid but to come in. The husband entered he room but soon rushed out with his hair tanding on end. He had seen his uncle's ghost. The old man was sitting, enveloped in a sheet, on the bed. The supposed corpse had the utmost difficulty in getting his panicstricken relatives to understand that he was not dead at all. " 1 am alive !" he repeated, adding that thé" preparations for his funeral had not escaped his notice. He had been in a lethargy, and, waking up, had helped himself to the broth, which had done him good. Hearing some one approaching he had jumped iuto bed, as he was anxious not to cause any alarm ; but Richard was himself again. He perfectly recovered, and certainly on closer examination the uncle's appearance by no means belied his..words. The refreshments had come in most opportunely to restore him, and as lie was much pleased witli the affectionate attention which his relativ es had shown him after his supposed departure from this World, everything was soon made happy and comfortable all round. The doctor of the quarter had not yet oflicially confirmed the demise of the worthy uncle, w ho seems to have taken a new lease of life. 