ANltfNOOtitf C ELOPE MENT. Br M, E. Holaiian. A winter gloaming, but acft and groy A atrolah of eastern country open 'and wooded, high and low, level and broken bcantilol in summer, bat jaot now doeply hidden beneath a, mau tie of enow, and above it hanging a domo saow- ladon. A faint western wind stirring (ho orchard's great dosolate heart, and filling iSb aisles with uncanny whispers. From an inviciblo somewhere gaont shadows stealing forth and reaching out Iholr cold, b»ra arms to darkly cmhraoa a rambling, old-fashioned homestead mansion. ibvor un-inding sod gaining volume as they npproaobed, those spectral shades silently stalked into a quaint, loiv.ooilod apartment before whoso opon ohasm ol a fireplace stood a youug girl. She was in appcaraoae almost a ohild slim as a youthtul tamarack, and graceful, with a faoe sweet, round, Irosh, daintily tinted, bnt bsrdly np to the classical ideal of bounty. A face tenderly, temptingly, daringly lovable, yet wondrous sad, withal, In Its presont repose Red- 'flames suddenly broke from a smouldering log. Scarlet snows, with Rom- brand t tffeot, pierced Ihe enoroaohiog gloom, foroing its retreat and Boflly kissed that Rirlish lacs, thoso dreamy, voilsd oyes and aiasped before" her In an attitude of oooon scions graoa. Her dross oxiended high to tbo warm throat and, loosely conflned at the waist by an artLlio knot of ribbon, fell straight down to hor Blim feet in folds ofsoft white aash mere. With that halo of light npon her, and nnder tha spell of deep thought, sin re sembled strangely tbn oarven imago ot a devout, rapt young saint cat from Ciram marblo, or tho mlniatnce of an intruspcotlv- Aphrodite in Parian stone. No wondor a man coming up the vol paused just ontsido tho window au iostant with bated breath then slowly resumed his way with something very like a sigh of pain. As if his glsnoe had pieraed hot armour u! oalm : ' I wish it was over,' she murmured pressing her small ficgors close together ii; an agony o( self-restraint ; than suddoal flinging them apart with a passionate gesture, ' or I wish I bad never ooine, or that I was dead, or that — -h, God I how I wiBh Bat — bah I' a smile of oontempt drooping her swsot-llpped mouth at the corners ' What use to wish ? ' iOh, this gnawing pain at my heart I This burning dryness of my eyes. To morrow, on Bomo proton, 1 mubl go home, else I shall go mad ; but to night ' A.v, to- night I What of it 7 Could she onH have foreseen the ovents in the darkness of that night, would she have counted on the morrow thus ? The banging ol a distant door, then the sound of eomeuiio approaoning, Ao instant her heart stood still' with a vague, indefinable hope, a wild, yearning fear. | Could it bs Paul? Paul Granleigh, her cousin, her king among men, yet who in a few hours would be the husband ot another | woman ! I Ah, no, Bhe had aeon him ride away in the' early gloaming. When he returned to his anooslral borne- well, she would not be hero. Liko a thing caught in guilt, Bhe glanosd hurriodly around fc en avenue of escape, as \- a stop— Rick's— sounded in the corridor outside. A firm yet light step, and proeently tho door was flung ajar, admitting a tall yonne I mau, and with him a frosty broalh from the j outer world, I 4 Behold, our Bleeds pranoo at the door. \- nasm to the wedding,' ha cried grandilo quently. Then, as hia pleasant oyeB take in that uuuiiuu tuiwaiuj juu iuur iiau it great wax doll aonstruoted after the Gmek, . Where on earth' — a man's usual sooff ut j woman's artistio droes-lovo — 'did yon find i that babyish affair 7' i Bhe shot him a glanoo of overwhoiming oorn. ' Chat babvisb affair was found at Bed- fern's, and oust dad more money than your self and your pranoing steeds are worth, Sit Ignorance. Coma, that's a good boy — m Bweet, laughing tones — ' fetoh my wrapB (rem yonder sola, aad — ' 'Oh, no harry I' flinging himself into a chair near. ' The governor, your respeotou uoole, and tbo looky sire ot your bumble servant, ia still iwearlng over an aggravating aravat. I hoard him ae I stole past hi- room. As it Ib nsarly six honrs to mid—. By Jove, old man !' his eyes suddenly lifiim- to a t il form in the doorway. ' Ejictcd, eh ? Whet's np ?' Hib brother slowly entered. ' I forgot my pores, and— well, yon know one cmnot expsot to do Europe ou his wadding lour with empty poakots !' with a low, mirthlesa laugh, ' I Istl it In my ronm io some plaoe. Will yon fetch it while I warm up, Errie ?' 1 Well, seeing it's your night of doom, yes ; hut' — with a heart ires laugn — 'you ro pulling a mighty long faoe, old man, (or a pro- speolivo groom. Cheer np. Lifo is Bhorl and full of ebanaos. Ms belle will be in e dense of a temper if you dun't ooliivate a happier look for the altar.' When the door had closed upon him, Paul turned to bis slim, white- faoed aouaio. ' Let me look at you,' be exclaimed, devouring ber with bis dark eyes ' Here whore we have been so bappy together, let nspart; and after to- night it will bn best for both if God never lets me see yoor, tempt ing fsoo agsiu,' Thrilling and chilling alternately, she stood before him voioeless and motionless nnder his intense passionate eyes, ' Yon do oare,' he oontinnect meohanioally. 'I never dreamt you did nnlil to-night. I saw you through tho window, and I— I read yoor faoe. Oh, Triok, Triok if only we bad 'met eerlior, when I was free, and yoa ' ' Hush I' she oried passionately. ' Are yon hnman to tnrlnr and insolt me so ?' Forg v me. I— I am mad, I think, Good-bye He turned unsteadily to leavo the room. He panaed, and aomingbaok stood before her. His faoe was oalm, but somehow rnggestivs of fierae restraint. He was a strong man with strong passions, and possessing an iron will tn control thorn ' Will yoa sing for mo that song you saog when first you aame to visit us?' ho asked, ' I have a prosentimect that it will be the l»et lima I shall ever bear your voloe, and I want to remember it. It were a pity to lor get she sweetest thing one ever heard, wuold it not, little one 7' A dry sob rose in her tbroat. Beatrix Evelyn was obtldish in appearance only. Choking down her misery ehe torned to tbe piano near. Quivorlngly at first her sweet voioo rose, then went steadily on to tbe end. "Tie III to brosk thebsods thst God decreed to bind, Yet still arswa (be children ol tbe hostber and lbs wind ; though far awsy from home, ob, 'tis still ler yen and tnn, Tbat tbn broom la Mowing, bonnv in that -north conntree '" 'I'm afraid yon'll bave to do Europe on trnst, old man,' exoUlmed Blek, entering. ' I oaD't find ynur " filthy lucre I" I will go and find it myself, then,' turning as be etiiod on lbs threshold, ' good-bve,' be said ' It begins lo snow. See that Beatrix is well wrapped, Errlo.' ' Then he was goDe, and Triok Bhlvered. ' I'll bs b'smed il be isn't more fit for a lonatio asylnm than a bridal tonr,' grumbled Blek. 'Well, I ean Imagine plessaoter positions than carrying the png dog, and reooiving tho sarcasm of my fntare sister- in law, oan't yon, oensln obere?' Trick made no return in words, and was strangely ellont during tba long drive to Eaton Pines. It was a whim of tbe wblmslosl. we-lthi bride that the marriage should be performed at mldnishl, bnt on their arrival denolng was in progress. , About ten o'oIook Bfok oame op to ''usiit. Xlicro was a aoinewimt troubled look on hia pleasant faoe, 'I have a message— a telegram for yon," he whispered. 1 One of onr servants just brought it over. Oomointo tho dnnservaiorv and read it.' . ' It was from a prominent dootor io ,Nuw lork : ' Your father dangerously ill. Come im- modi.ioly if yon would seo him alive.' >> ith a low ory Bbo lilted hor eyes to lime's faoo. She swayed, and would have lallsn had not someone caught her. ft was I aal. She hardly heeded, but. Errio briefly explained, I will drive hor over to tho station,' he said. Wo oan cntoh tho midnight train.' 'Very well. Tnere is no use opiakingjibon- I ; it would but areate a disluroanoa. aud 1 nan easily explain afterward. Hitoh Blsuli llossjnto my outtor, Errlo, quiek sb possible Sua is s safo animal.' A few minut-o later, wrapped in fnrs to the oyos, and nearly dislraoted, Triok was liftod into tbo waiting onttor. Errio wae about to aoeompany ber, when hia brother called him a-ido, and both returned to tho hoase, only one retarning a moment lator. Even through her anxiety she felt grieved. Wny had Paul so coolly parted with her? Hashing to her eyes the tears frnzB there oho had no dseira to speak, and Errio apparently waa in Ihe same m uod, Biteotly and tediously tbey drova agsinet the evor ioeroasing storm. Wilder and more turi-ns it bcoame, deeper and morn drlflod ' Wo shall never gat there I' oried Triok wildly, ' It mast be near miduigbt row I' And hor torturod mind went biek to th mansion long Itft behind. In a low minutr- Paul would be marriod, perhaps Pcrbap- ho was married already. Behind her in lit, l.y tbo might-have-been of happioesH. Before — God, what was before 7 Her beluvue lather — Biiiok Bess had stood still', an it bowildered. Through a grove near the wind moaned in painlnl ncoontB. Aroweioet, liirrin ; she aried, "Why don't yon speak ? Why ' He leaprd lroui the oiuter and wontjqaiakly forward. Bluok Base stunk qnivsriog in her traoks Presently he returned to hor side and stood tnere, the wind howling and driving ubonr thorn both, tho enow falling fust and faster. ' It is OBoless. We osn go no farther ; she has last tho road,1 ho said, At the voioo Trick ottered a ory and tore the veil (rom her faoe, 'Paul!' sbo oried. ' Whcro is Errio? Why did yon do this mad thing ?' ' deoanse I was mad I warned toseeyon, to say a last word beforo we parted— forgive. Forgive me.' Wbero is Errlo?' 'L-cked safely np in the ainnkroom unless (h-y have liberated him bsloretnis ' — grimly ' YVnst will yoa do 7' — dazedly. 'You aannot be back by midnight to ' ' I had not intended to. Indeed, I am nni. soro I evor intended going baok at all But ii marriage oan be postponed, a doath aannoi I know if it were possible far anyone to get yon to Zndwiok in time for tho midnigh express I conld, I have failed '—lighting a match to seo his natob-fHee, and Bpesking u- a kind of bitter despair, 'It Is hall-psBt twelve, and,' ho aonlinnod passionately, 'I am glad I am not married — glad I am with yon. darling, aome what may,1 ' Ilush 1 Oh, what will 1 do? What om I do? What will ihoy nil say of me?' ' They will not dare Bay a word of yon ' — fiercely. ' I — I wish we would both die here o-nigkt. We would at least be together ! No one oiuld part ns. Bnt altbongh it iB wild and stormy, it is not odd, and there is no snob luck as freezing in Btoro for us.' 'Ynu must go baok,' she cried wildly. ' Yon mutt go back. I command It. Take Blaok Bess, and leavo mo hero. Yon have vronged me enough already, 1 forbid vou ntayiug here now. Go, go 1 And pray Gud I may novsr look npon your faoo again.' AII his mad entreaties wero of no avail Bbo only repulsed and hade him leave her. . Hqvn that jlnmrninhtcUadsghg-sheirgfTir " an' nvfl'rtuVhVd onttor w'ab bdidI Triok Evalvn never torgot, bat alwayB ebuddared when Bhe spnke ot It Bat aftor what seemed an eternity she thougnt she heard volaes oariing at n great distance ; than dawn sho wont into tho darkness of death. A month later, In hor fatbor's Now York honso, she reolinod on a aouub, very pale, wan. and (rail, bat with a look ol oontent on her sweet face Her father had bnt just loft tbe roam when a servant URhored in anotner man— nono other than Paul g ranleigh, bnt, (rom the awful ovents of that awful night, the ghost ol his farmer solf. With a hlnsh, Triok hold out hor band- ; then, aB he gladly took and hold tbem in his, nurst into a storm of tears, 'And they thought we had slopod — that papa's illnoss was only a triok.' she said, later. ' If they bad fonnd Errio b-fore mid a gbl— before Mies Eaton, in that fit of soger, married hor masia-mastor, haw dif ferent it would have been for ns.' ' Perhaps It would, and spoiled our lives, my pet' — softly. ' Sweetheart, I shall always chink I was mad that night, and,' bo con tinued, softer yet. 'hlosimi m-dnosal' 