Til STORYTELLER, j Marooned' ] By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'The 'Wreck of tae j Grosvenor,' 'The Lady Maud,' 'A Sea Queen,' I 'Jack's Courtship,' 'The Frozen Pirate,' &c.; Chapter VIII.—' THE HALF-BLOOD'S PUNISH- j ME XT. I Miss Grant went to her cabin and I on deck, where I ; observed Broadwater and the mate marching the length of the quarter-deck and busy in conversation. There was a middling high sea running, which, had it been on the bow instead of on the quarter, would have rendered the motion of the brig extremely uncomfortable. As it was, it swung j Ihe vessel with an almost rhythmic steadiness as it underran her. It was first a long upward heave to the foaming liquid brow, then a gradual lean over to the full weight of the wind l ill the lee-channels roared in the smother of spume over the side, and Ihen a steady slide down into the speckled, froth-laced (rough, with a recovery of the hull that started us with a level keel for the next buoyant climb. Mot above a cannon-shot to windward was a large frigale, close-hauled under double-reefed topsail and reefed foresail. She showed no colours, but to a nautical eye a single glance sufficed to prove her English. ' She was plunging heavily, and would lift her head out of the boiling white about her bows until eight or ten feet of the keel at her forefoot showed clear, with a dull yellow glancing from the metal sheathing that looked like a mirroring of pale light on the wet, black, gleaming sides of the beautifully moulded hull. As she rolled she gave us a view of a portion of her weather-dcck, with a hint of black artillery in certain covered muzzle shapes, crouching under the defences of her bulwarks crowned with tbe white line of hammocks. The movement of a spot of red here and there marked the mechanical pacing of a marine. I never remember a nobler sea-show than was offered by this fine frigate, with her broad white line broken by the closed gun-ports, the superb set of her reefed canvas, the airy grace of her rigging ruling the piebald hurrying sky with dark lines of shrouds, thinning as they soared, till they rose delicate as (he fibres of a spider's wpb to the glimmering button of the truck at the royal-masthead, whence streamed tbe long pennon straight out upon the wind, like a streak of light up there; whilst over tbe weather-bow there was the sharp and frequent flash of a green sheet of water that broke into smoke as it flew, or a . sudden lifting above the bulwark-rail of a column of froth, which the blow of the bow would send arching back till 'twas a sheer huddle *of dazzling yeast under the radiant figure-head, that, with some hero's wreath in its hand, plunged to the giddy whiteness only to soar trium phant a moment after. It was old Broadwater's duty to hoist and dip the ensign to her. This is a civility I should be very punctual in exacting if I were commander of a British man-of- war. TheJ) skipper however, rolling along on his bow-ieg6 by the side ot the mate, did not look as if he even knew There was anything in sight. He never threw 60 much as a glance in her direction, though I could see some men at work on the fore-rigging watching her with an admiration that rendered them, for the time being, insensible to the presence of the skipper and his companion. There was one of a dozen coils of rope hanging over a belaying-pin swinging to the heave of the hull. I went and sat myself in it, for the shelter of the bulwark there from the gusty blasts which were splitting upou the rigging full of whistlings and cryings ; and there swayed, cradle like, by tbe hanging fakes, 1 leisurely loaded my pipe; and fell to * chipping, in the old-world 6tyle of that age, at a flint for a light. Whilst thus occupied, my eye was taken by the figure of a man standing at the foot of the foremast. I was thinking of other matters at the moment, and yet I can recollect wondering, as my gaze went from him after a brief glance, that any man belonging to either watch should have the courage to stand idle on deck whilst the rest of the people were at work, when both the captain and the chief mate were pacing within eyeshot of him. Presently glancing his way again, 1 noticed that he still remained in the same posture, that is to say with his back against the mast and his face looking a little forward of the fore rigging, his arms folded upon his breast, and his legs together with the feet turned out, like a soldier in a sentry box. The mast was painted white, and hence it was,' I suppose, that I did not immediately observe that the man was bound to it by turn upon turn of rope, starting from his arm-pits and terminating a little below his knees. I know not what there was in the sight to startle me, but I believe had a seaman fallen from aloft at my feet, and there lay bleeding and broken, the thing would not have shocked me more than the spectacle of yonder sailor secured to the mast as though he were some dangerous maniac, and rendered motionless by the ligatures, saving that he could use his head and had the freedom of his arms. I had not been long enough onboard to be able to distin guish the crew, but this man I seemed to remember. To make sure, I got out of the coil of rope and went a few paces forward, and recognised in the fellow bound to the mast the half-blood who had been one of tlie boat's crew that rowed us aboard from Deal. If his face had struck me then, you will suppose that it impressed me very strongly now. Whether owing to the strangulation of the rope about him, or to the thoughts in him, his complexion, that I had observed to be of a clear olive, had changed to an indescribably ugly colour, which I can only speak of as an ashen green. It reminded ine of the hue I once saw in the face of a dead sailor whose cheeks had been burnt to an almost chocolate tiut by exposure in an open boat in the Indian Ocean. He turned his dark eyes upon me with a savage glare in them of mutiny, malice, hatred, and so full.of defiance withal that but for the evil passions his countenance expressed you might have accepted his air as one of bitter nnd contemptuous pride. It was intolerable that he should think 1 had inspected him out of mere curio sity, which I saw from his manner he supposed ; and since lie* would be too wild in his mind to interpret the sympathy which I am sure must have been visible in me— for, as I say, the sight of the poor bound fellow inexpressibly shocked and grieved me — I turned my back on him and walked right alt. Broadwater left the mate and caiue up to uie. 'That's true old North Country style, sir,' he ex claimed, ' to sit in the bight of the rigging over the pin under the lee of the bulwarks. I've been hove to in the North Sea, and sat for hours along with the rest of my mates, just as you've been a sitting, waiting for what was to happen next.' ' It is hard to find a corner to smoke in,' said I, ' on boaid a flush-decked vessel. Where there's a poop or a round-house, a man may discover a nook clear of the j;ale and manage to keep the cinders in his bowl till the fire's all gone. Did you. ever serve aboard a Dutchman, captain r' ?'No, by thunder!' he answered; 'what's put such a question as that in your head, sir f' 'Why,' I said, 'I notice that you have got one of your hands forward there seized to the foremast. The Dutch used to serve their rogues so— some'imes, however, going a little further than you, for to make sure of the fel low they'd pin him through the hand with a knife.' ' You're keeping a bright look-out aboard this vessel, sir,' be exclaimed, shooting an odd look at me out of his little eyes. ?? My good fellow,' I cried, ' I should be blind not to see such a sight as that. What has he done ? Murdered a shipmate ?' j ?'Almost wish he had,' he growled, 'for that 'ud bring about the sort of treatment he wants. He's the man I who spoke them words last night.' 'Ha!' I exclaimed, 'and for that you are dosing him with a spell of fresh air that he inay go to his dinner with a good appetite ?' He lelt me under pretence of looking info the compass. I will not say that he was afraid of me, but 1 am quite .sure that if it had not been for my talk with him in the morning, for the manner I then put on, and which I still wore, he would have dealt with me scarce less roughly and insolently than had I been one of his seamen. I knocked the ashes out of my pipe, looking away towards the horizon, below which and out of sigh! lay the line of the English coast, and felt myself urged by 'a very strong impulse lo request him to head fur tbe nearest port, and to put Miss Grant and myself ashore, as his behaviour to his men, though we were not yet 24 hours from Deal, had rendered us extremely uneasy ; insomuch that we were resolved not to pursue the voyage in his ship. But I was again checked bv the considerations which had occured to me whilst talking on the subject with .Miss Grant. He might refuse to comply, lose all control over himself in the notion that my intention was to ruin him, and so affront me that I should be at a loss how to act. I quite perceived that unless 1 could be sure he would put us ashore, I should be acting unwisely in asking him to do so, for, if he persisted in sailing away with us, then, whilst we remained on board his ship, we should have to submit to any sort of usage he chose to give us. I stamped my foot on the deck with vexation and worry, and could have cursed the hour in which I had ever set eyes on the Iron Crown. 1 had hoped when Miss Grant came on deck that the figure of the fellow bound to the mast would escape her ; attention, and was scheming to place her chair close against ! the wheel on the port side where the man would be hidden | from her ; but the instant she came out of the companion and looked forward she started violently, and exclaimed, ' Why have they bound him ? What has he done to de serve such a punishment as that ?' 'He is the man,' I answered, ' who cried out last night, 'It's murder!' when the captain ordered the boat to be kept fast.' ' And they have tied him (o the mast merely for uttering those words?' ' Ay. It's a bitter burning shame ; the indignity of this sort of punishment is the worst part of it.' ?' I shall ask Captain Broadwater to release him,' she exclaimed, with the indignation iu her surging up hot to her face and flashing in her eyes. ' 1 shall tell him that tbe sight pains and disgusts me, and that he has no right to oblige his passengers to witness such painful and miserable spectacles.' Before I could check her she swept up to old Broadwater, and towering over him with such an air as Siddons would have worn in her tragedy parts, her face flushed, her eyes on fire, her head thrown backwards, she levelled her white forefinger at the half-blood, gazing meanwhile full into the crimson expanse of the skipper's countenance, and ex claimed, ' What has that man done to merit the sufferings of mind and body he must be enduring there ?' The captain was a broad and muscular man, but short ; and her erect, swelling, impassioned figure made him look like a toy by her side as he stared up at her. Her sudden dramatic accost took him completely by surprise. His countenance wore a ludicrous expression of bewilderment. He half turned towards the mate, as if to invoke his assist ance, and then exclaimed in a hoarse stutter, ' Why, mum, that there man — he's about the impudentest son of a swab — the long and short o't is, he as good as called me a mur derer last night. Had he been a man-o'-war's man he'd have been spread-eagled to the toon of twelve dozens for saying much less than that.' I joined Miss Grant and offered her my arm ; for though no woman ever stepped a heaving deck more easily and gracefully than she, yet the slope now was sometimes so sharp as even to make Broadwater lurch, and I was afraid of her carrying away, to use the sea term, as she was quite forgetful as I could see, in the temper and mood that then possessed her, of the tumblincr of the platform on which she stood. ' The words.' she exclaimed, ' were no doubt forced from the man by a sudden impulse. Why did you hear them ? You would not punish a man for thinking.' ' Yes I would, if I knew it,' answered Broadwater, plucking up a bit, and yet looking uneasy too. ' You must release him, sir,' she exclaimed ; ' it is a sight that makes the whole ship painful and distressing to me.' ' You cannot refuse the lady's request, captain,' said 1. ' But I can, though,' he blustered ; ' why, smother my precious eyes aud bile every blooming limb that I own ! who's capt'n of this here craft ? Release him ! Certainly not. If the sight's too painful to view, the lady needn't look. An' what's there painful about it ? Why, some men would have chucked him into the forepeak, smothered him down there in the blackness, with nothen but rats to keep him company, 'stead of benevolently sarving him as I do by suffering him to stop up in the fresh air for his ship mates to look at and meditate on. Mr. Musgrave,' he suddenly exclaimed, in a bullying, angry voice, ' I'll thauk you to tell the lady that I'm the commander of this here vessel, and of everything that consarns her and her navi gation ; and I shall feel obliged, sir, by your recollecting of that fact yourself, sir, for it '11 spare ye the trouble of cross-examining my chief mate here, sir, as if you was a hadmiralty iudge. No, by thunder ! my name's Broad water — Guy Broadwater — and I'm master of this vessel, and them there men forrad are my crew, and I'll thank you and the lady not to meddle with my consarns, but to be satisfied so long as I perform the part expected of me, which is, to carry you and this here cargo to Rio !' and feigning to be in a mighty temper he bowled away to the taffrail, and then came back again breathing hard and look ing swiftly up and around him. with a fine air of injury, resentment, and righteous indignation, not ill -managed on his part, though— like the ghost of a squall — it was to be seen through. There was no affectation in Miss Grant's pity and disgust. She lingered a little while on deck, and then went below to her cabin, declaring that she could not bear to see the man standing helpless and motionless, as if he were dead, suffering grievously as she feared from his posture, which rested the whole weight of him upon his naked feet, and from the many coils of rope which girt him so tautly and plentifully to the spar, that the mere Bight of them made one draw one's breath with difficulty out of sheer sympathy with their suggestion of strangulation. The men at work in the rigging and about the decks did not give tym the least heed that I could discover. I noticed one or two of them glance aft when Miss Grant spoke to the captain and pointed forwaid, but in a sulky, incurious way, as though what was passing had no Interest whatever for them. This behaviour might have been due to tbe presence of the mate, whose rapid glances seemed to dart all over the brig in a breath, and who, as I had already observed, never suffered a man to halt for an instant in any job he was upon. No doubt his almost preternatural quickness in detecting the least hint of laziness or languor was already as well known to the men as if the vessel had been on the high seas a couple of months. Yet Miss Grant's speaking to the captain about the pinioned half-blood was iu its way an incident as far removed from all ordinary shipboanl occurrences that the sullen inattention of the men to it im pressed me greatly. If hesavy troubles do not befall this ship ere long, thought I, it will not be because the spirit of mischief is even already wanting amongst her crew ; and I sent a gloomy glance seaward in the direction where old England lay, feeling that I would not only gladly forfeit the passage-money 1 had paid, but ten times that amount over again, to find myself and Miss Grant once more safe aud snug iu London. (7b be continued.) 