IRoveltst* A Case of Mesmeric ? ... Influence. BY RUT1I MACKENZIE. \- A few years ago, while sojourning ii-.vhilo in Florence, 1 became greatly interested in a lady whose countenance struck me 'as 'peculiarly sad. Sho waa beautiful and wealthy, with a devoted husbaud'ancl two lovoly childron, and, apparently, had everything to mako tier happy; and yet attunes her eyes would as-siuno a strangely troubled look, ' as' though some secret sorrow wero weighing her down. ' . ' 1 ? 1 grew to know her intimately, and one day ventured to ask tho meaning of this. She said it was caused by tho events of her early lifo, which, it . I would caro to rend thorn, she would write for mo. 1 gladly accepted her offer, nnd when I was leaving, she handed mo this manuscript, riho has since died, and it ean do lio harm to present it to tho public. My father was .i very rich man, and I his only child. 3VTy mother, dying wlibn I -yas quito young, left mo tho sola \- joinpanion ot my father, whom I adored. IIo was of a melancholy, thoughtful temperament, nnd had spent lifn it, - atn.lvillff or'nuH. science. This tendency of his mind had led him to mako many strange acquaintances, and it was with tho greatest interest I watohed the result of their investigations, -We had travelled much in the interests of (hi* study, but finally look a house in Loudon, whero we expected to remain f.T somo timo. It was with much plesauto that I anticipated a soason thare, and my father determined for my ' sake to entertain largely. Our dinners aud balls became famous. In my young and inexperienced oyes tho world socined but & huge playground, and I could not wjicsive of such a thing as trouble having entrance thore. In tho meantime we continued our studies, and I became greatly interested iu tho ability of a certain wpman to cause what she callod 'spirit photographs' to appear upon tho wall. My curiosity . was greatly excited to discover how this was doae. 1 know thero was somo trick about them, and had little faith in the part tho .'spirits!1 took in their produc tion.' So my futlier and I began expori ? mentuig, and iu a sliort timo wo had tho satisfaction of doing, by purely mortal means, everything that tho fair impostor did by the aid of so-called spirits. I Uttla dreamed then of the use to which I aiiould be callod upon to put this know iedgat ? ? V: One evening wo gavo a grand bal -wiufw, and our -drawing-room was filled .. with kings' nnd queens, peasants and milkmaids, shophords and shepherdesses and every character imaginable. I stood tisjde, watching tho merry crowd, when I x 8W «n-pro.iching ..mo a sonibro figure olnd In a black domino. Something about him struck ma a? peculiar and decidedly unpleasant, and it ires with a feeling of ccluctanco that I accepted J)is invitation to dance. When I touehed his hand, it \vrj cold and clammy, nud a jEliutJxler went through me whenever he camo near. \- Sly enjoyment for tho ; ovening was spoiled by. this mysterious creature. He . followed mo pypxyiyherb/ Go wliore I would, I c&uld; seo his wicked little' eyes gleaming at me, and it was with ft sigh \- bf rolief that I. hailed tlio hour when it was timo to unmask. It was then that'I saw niy father approaching, leading this man by the arm. Ho proceeded to introduce him to nio as Sir. Anthony Slack. from ' tho courfesy with - which my father treated Mr, Black 1- saw1 that ho evidently. liljcd him vory much. This \- iwrplexed moans' I thought I had novor, in all my life, mot ' nriy olio bo Btrangcly repulsive, and it. was with much dis pleasure that i heard my father urging him to como often to see us. ; Ho was not slow iu availing himself of !. this invitation, aud succeeding days saw hint frequently at our house. My father's intorost in tlio man l»y in tho fact that lie, too, was a student in liiddcj) (ore, and together they pursued this strango sci ence. . Blaolc had not'visiteiV us many times boforo I fanciod I saw ft.chango in my father. Ho grew silont and moody, nnd \ seemed to bo wandering in the clouds i most of tho time. As forme, tho more k I saw of our visitor tho more I grow to disli..o and distrust him, and a feeling of imponding evil camo over me. ' One evoning my father invited him to dine with us. All, thnt hour 1 I can nover forgot it. The man wore a con tinual amilo, which seemed to hiilo some thing terriblo behind it, and his littlo black oyos glittored. I tried to avoid looking at him, but was soon conscious of a straugo fascination which kept my oyes fastoned on him. I felt as if I must obey him, and my father seemed equally fascinated ; for ho hung on every word tho strango man uttered. That awful, aw'ul dinner ! It makc3 moshuddornow when I think of it. At times I would mako au almost super human effort to remove my eyes from .Black's faco, nnd then somo horrible power slowly drew them back. But at last tho meal was ended, and I escaped to my room. Nanny, my old nurse, was waiting for mo thero, and as I enterod, sho ex claimed : ' Law, Miss Addio.what de matter wid you, chile ? You look as dough you done seen a ghost.' 'Oh, Nanny,'! said, ' I am suresome thing dreadful is going to happen 1 1 feel it — I see it!' 'Bress do chile!' said Nanny. 'Nuffen drofful can't happen to yo' whilo ole Nanny's around to take care ob you ! Don' boddor yo' head 'bout dat no' mo', honey.' ' Nanny,' said I, ' the next timo that Mr. Black comes here, I want you to try nnd seo him, nnd then tell me what you think of him.' Nanny's opportunity came soon, for in a couplo of days the man was thore again, nnd she happened to let him in. Sho cauie running upstairs, and burst in upon mo. 'I see him! I see him ! Lor, Miss Addio, do dobbil's in dat man ! What for olo marso want to bring such a ting as dat heali? Sho's I stan' lieali, Miss Addie, I tink when I soo him dat de ole boy conio to call.' Nanny b opinion' convinced me that there really was something fearful about Mr. Black. A nameless terror took possession of mo, and though I tried to shako off tho feeling, gloom pervaded everything. IIo continued to como frequently to tho house, and I was often, at my father's request, compelled to see him ; but I never did so without feeling conscious that I was ontiroly subject- to his will. One day my father sent for me to como to tho library. Tho summons I usod to oboy so gladly filled me with dread, and I entered with fear and trembling. I noticed that lie seemed troubled, and it struck me forcibly how changed ho was. Ho looked pale and haggard, and had lost his old: ea3y, good-natured address. He tried to avoid looking at mo, and it was in a sharp, nervous manner that ho com municated his 'news.' His 'dear friend, Mr. Black, had mado me an offer of marriage, which ho hoped 1 would consider favorably. I looked at him, horrified. Could it be possiblo that ho would sacrilico mo, his pot, his idol, to that odious crea turo ? ' 0 father, father !' I cried. ' What can you bo thinking of ? Are you crazy ? What is tho matter with you ? What is tho matter with us all? Never! Never!' I screamed. 'I will dio first !' I rushed from tho room to my faithful old Nanny, and burying my head in her J lap, cried as if my heart would break. 1 felt, as if -Nanny waB the only friend Iliad in the world now,' ' Bress my baby 1' paid she. ' What doy been a doin' now to bring de gicf to my poro chile 3' 'Oh, Nanny,' said I, 'ho wants to marry me to him.' ' Marry you to who, honey V' 'To Jlr. Black. .0 Nanny, Nanny! I wish I was dead !' ' What ? marry you to dat ole cross eyed debbil V Well, dey better not? Ole Nanny pizon him, sho's yo' bo'n ! Yo' jus' tell; olo marso yo' won't do it, an' ho won't say nuffen. Ugh ! ho must a olean gono los' his senses. Neber miu' dere honey now, don' cry no ino'.' I fully determined that if my father insisted on my marrying Black, I would run away ; but ho never mentioned tho Bubject to mo again. Ilo.must, however, havo told tho man of my refusal, for the next timo 1 saw him ho appeared tome moro ovil, if possible, than ever. His ugly oyes gleamed wickedly, and behind tho Satanic grin which he always wore ho seemed to sa}', ' I'll conquer you.' His terrible nower over mo remained tho samo, and I soon bccamo aware that I had lost entire control of my own actions, In his presenco I was impelled to do the strangest things. I ran around tho room, chasing imaginary butterflies ; then I sang and danced, and jumped ropo, and went on dojng most ridiculous things. Tho strango part of it was that' my mind romained perfectly clear, anil 1 knew everything I did,' although I had no power to control myself. One day, nftcr an exhibition of this kind, I saw witli terror my father's startlod facoj Black's fiendish counteu anco. Oh, how terrible it all was I'They consulted togethor, and presently my father called a servant, and before long a physician arrived. ; I had be u sitting quiot for somo timo, but tho minute. -tho doctor. camo I again began screaming and jumping, Tho doqtor'shook his head, and told thorn 1 was hopelessly insane. ? Tho anguish of my inind was intense. Why could' I hot speak ? ' What was it that held me dumb? Perhaps I could '.vrito. , I started for pencil and paper, but sank back, iu my chair, unable to move. i . It seomed but a fow moments before I was put into n coach with all throe mon and driven off. I saw old Nanny sit rocking lier/jejf back and forth, and moati iiing out,— 'My bressed darling! My bressed failing 1 Oh, let inc go wid my chile !' I tried to call her, but my tonguo was paralyzed, and I could nqt utter n sound, ; Prosentlywe Btopped before a largo building, which we all enterod, Mr. Black and my father loading mo in. ' Wo ;wero met by a kind-looking old gontle mdn who glaticed pityingly at mo. Tliey lipid a short whispered 'conversation, and thon I heard him say,— . '' . ' Too bad, too bad ! And so young !' I-Baw my father proparing to leave without mo ! How I tried to beg him not to go and leave ino ; 'But 1 could not, Ho went slowly out of tho room, leaving only Mr. Black, who then approachcd Mil] bioscd in iny ear,— ' ' Ha, ha, my lady ! Is this preferablo to marrying mo ?' I watched him dopart in silenco, but tho instant ho wan out of tho room I was myself again. 1 3tariod for tho door, screaming, ' Fnthor, father ! Como back I' But I was seized by a couplo of atten dants and led forcibly away. 1 heard shriek after shriok ring through tho building, and awoko to the horrible reality that I was in a madhouse, and was thought to be mad myself. No one can know tho agony of that momeut, for I felt how futilo would bo all my efforts to convincn any ono that I was sane. I was Bhorn of all my beautiful hair, of which I was so proud, and left to follow my own inclination. I mado two or three unsuccessful attempts to convinco tho phy sicians of my sanity, then givo up the idea as usoless. I spent my time in painting, for which I had some talent, and before long had completed a portrait of my father. Ho called onco or twice to seo mo, but always in company with Black, who put me im mediatdly under tho spell that lasted till thoy wero gono. Thus it was decided that their visits aggravated my case and I was debarred from seeing tliem any more. My only liopo liow was to escape. How closely I 'watched every opportunity! But weeks and months passed away before I eould carry out my purpose. Thon, one night, 1 heard a cry of tiro. I sprang from my bed and hastily dressed, but not beforo I was nearly choked with smoke. Tho guards wero rushing through the halls, wild with oxcitemont, opening tho doors and begging tho poor mad crea tures to come forth; but many wero so paralysed with fright that they stubbornly refused, and numbora perished in tho flames. I noeded no urging, but, soozing my .father's portrait, ran through the open door, unmolested. Every place wa3 open. Even the heavy gates in tho yard formed no barrier now, a3 tho firemen had torn them away, and I passed through unj noticed. r fill T n. o,,f Tt 1-1.™ flashed across ine that my appoaranco (for I was without hat or cloak) in the strcots of London at midnight would at the very least oxcito suspicion, I stood still and gazed about me, i puzzled what to do or wlioro to go. I know that I must' act quickly, as, if seen, I was in great danger of being arrested. My brain was in a whirl. I imagined I saw pursuers on every hand. Some dis tance ahead of me I spied a church. Ah, thero wa3 a refuge ! 1 would find a hiding place thero till morning. I started off again, running till 1 reachod tho church door. 1 was conBcioti3 of seeing lights insido, some forms moving about, and after that I knew no more, fori had fallen senseless. ? Somo strangors found me there, and had me convoyed to a liospitsl, and it was about a month after this that I awoko to find myBelf in a large room, with the nick around me oil every side. Whero was I now 1 Would wondci'3 nevor cease 1 I soon learned that I had boen very ill with brain fever. Tho excitement and strain on my nervous system, caused by the ovonts of the past fow months, had becu too much forme, and I had succumbed at last ; but the crisis was now past, and I was recovering. A3 I lay thorp looking around, it certainly eoomed a novel situation for me, Addio Stanley, the child of the mil lionaire, to bo a charity patient iu a city hospital. ? 1 continued to improve rapidly, and was soon able to think about leaving. I had withheld toy name from the hospital authorities, but. promised to reward them largely for thoir kind caro of mo during my illness. They kindly furnished mo with outside apparel and Bomo money, and then I started out once more. I immediately called a cab, and giving tho driver my father's address, was -soon on iiiv homeward wav. Thon I boiran to wonder what ho would say when he saw me, and the horrible thought crossed my mind that ho might sond mo back to tha asylum. I wondered if Black visited the house still, and if old Nanny would be there to rcceive ine, and hear her call me lior 'bressed cliilo' once more ! I was so lost in thoughts like theso that I started in surprise when I found w» had Btopped. ' Hi gues3 this 'ere 'a tho house, mum,' said the driver, jumping down. , I bounded out of the cab and up tho stops and rang tho bell.. No answer. I rang again and again, but failed to bring any response. Then 1 noticed that the houso was closed, and a general air of ne glect hung about the placo. ? ' What shall I do V What shall I do?' I cried, wringing my hands, I .'ookod up and down tho streot,' in tho hope of seeing some ono I knew, but all wero strangers, and I stood there alono in tho world. Suddenly a bright thought camo to me. I would go to my father's lawyer. Ho could tell me tlio meaning of all this. . , When I' reached his office, Mr. Colton was at-his desk. He-started up when ho j saw me, and his face grow deadly pale. I I . know fronijbis manner that I must pro pare myself for bad news. Wo wore both of us so agitated that for awhile neither spoke n word. Then 1 tremblingly begged him to tell mo of my father. ' ' My poor girl,' ho said at last, ' he died very suddenly about a month ago ; li's death was caused by tho shock of ncaring tnat you had boen burned to death in tho asylum iiro — so it was said at tho time. His monoy and everything of valuo was left to Mr. Black. Thoro has evidently been somo awful mistake for which I cannot account. We had tho asylum grounds thoroughly searched, but you could not bo found, so wo concluded you had perished.'1 J. told him of my escapo . and my ill ness Afterward, .also that J hftd never beon insano, but had been led to appeal ao through tho awful influence of Black. And now I was left ponmless, and that dreadful man had my monoy ! The moro I thought of it, tho more strange it seemed that my father should havo left his wealth to ah outiro straugpr, aud away, from his own brothers and sisters. This, togethor with his sudden 'death, nrouocd my suspicions of some thing wrong. ' - . Supposo that Black baa used his hideous poivor on liini also, and had forced hini to make his will, ami then, 'murdered him 1 It was a fearful thought, but it might bo trife, aud if so, the crim» must be proVe4 I mentioned my suspicion to Mr. Oolton, and lie soon bocamo as deeply improssod with the idea of foul play as I was myself. Wo wont immediately to work to decide upon a way by which we might entrap tho murderer and recover tho fortune that rightfully belonged to mo. Whilo wo woro considering tho matter, Mr. Colton kindly entertained me at his liouso. At length I hit upon a plan. I romom bored how superstitious Black was, and determined to frighten him into a con fession. ?It was now that my ability to oast 'spirit' photographs upon tho wall would bo of use. I would procuro tho services of a famous ventriloquist, and, with the lawyer, wo would proceed to Black's house, and by theso manifesta tions, force him to confess his guilt. ... I disclosod my plan to Mr. Colton, who agreed willingly to it. Wo went quickly to work, and soon had our arrangomont3 complotcd entirely to our satisfaction. I was thankful that 1 lmd saved tho por trait I painted of my father, for I needed it to carry out my plans. Tho day finally arrived whon wo woro to perform this terrible duty. My heart Bank at tho thought of seeing Black again as wo approached tho house, I was obliged to bring all my will power to bear in order to prevent turning back at tho last moment. Mr. Colten observed my norvonsness, and whispering a fow encouraging words, he rang tho bell. A withered old woman camo to tho door ; she oyed U3 suspiciously when wo inquirod for Mr. Black. Sho showed us into a side room which was vory dark, a fact which pleased mo, as it wa3 much better suited to my purpose than a light ono. Gradually, as my eyc3 becamo accus tomcd to tho darkness, and I could discorn different objects in tho room, I aaw several articles of furniture that had belonged to my father. This aroused my nngcr, and liolped to make my task more easy. Fortune favored us, for Black was so long in making his appoaranco that 1 had plenty of timo to prepare everything very satisfactorily. . I then hid myself behind a largo screen, so that whon he entered tho room ho did not seo me. IIo bowed graciously, and with his usual saiiy frofd, to Mr. Oolton, who proceeded imme diately to business. ' Mr. Black,' eaid ho, ' I havo beon retained as counsel by a relativo of Mr. Stanley's to investigate the cause of his doath. There is a strong suspicion of foul play, aud as you have beon tlio only ono benefitted by his decease, tho sus picion of murder naturally falls oil you. I ask you now, in tho name of tho law; to rofuto this charge, and to prove that the accusation is untruo.' Black fairly trembled with rage. Ho sprang to his feot, showering curses upon tho lawyer and his retainers. ' You lie ! I say you lio!' ho yolled out. like a demon. 'Pruvo your vile assertion ! Prove it, I say, or by- tho gods, you shall suffer for this! I mur dered him, did I ? Prjve it 1' He continued with a torrent of abuse, frequently intermingled with oaths. Mr. Colton then gavo mo the signal, and suddenly upon tho wall appeared my father's features. Thuy ' grow ..brighter and plainer, till finally his whoie liguro seemed to stand out in bold relief. Black's eyes dilated in terror. Great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead. He dug his nailB in his llosh till tho blood-purtcd forth. Then, in a solemn, sepulchral voice the 'spirit' said, — ' Confess , ' Mercy !' panted Black. ' Mercy 1 -I will tell !' 'Confess I' again uttered. the voice. Not a sound was heard save the pant ing and moaning of tho terrified man as ho crouched upon tho floor. , i 'Confess!' : Black rolled ovor oil hi3 face, as if to shut out the vision. 'All, yea!' ho groaned, 'I killed liim 1 I hopc.d to gain control of his money by marrying his daughter, but she 'refused me. V es, sho refused ,1110, but I had my roveugo. I made her act liko a lunatic. It was my power bIio could not withstand. It was through nio alio was locked up in a madhouse. That was awcet revongo, but it was not all, for iii the dead of night I set firo to tho madhouse and burned her up.' Hero lio broko~ into a paroxysm of wild laughter. Evidently terror was turning his brain. 'Tlien,' ho began again, 'I mes merised old Stanley, and forced him to mako lus wilt 111 my favor. When that was done I poisoned him — and now lie's there to tell you of it I' lie cried, spring ing up and shaking his fist at tho vision. Just hero I stepped out from my hid ing placo. Ho turned aud saw mo. 'You, too?' he shrieked in anguish. 'You, too, como back to accuse mo? Mercy! Ha! ha! No mercy for me!' Suddenly 'his face turned purplo ; lie coyorod it with his. hands, gasped for breath and foil back, dead ! The guilty wretch had actually died with fright. Thus ended the eventful portion of my life's history. Through tho kindly efforts of Mr. Colton, tho will by which Black had obtained possession of my father's fortune was declared illegal, and J was proved his hoiresj. : Great publicity was given to the case through tho daily papors, and ono day who should como hobbling into Sir. Colton's_ offico but old Nanny, and I heard her saying, ' Wliar dat bressed chile?' Soon after wo went to Italy, to join some of my mother's relatives. I novor want to boo London again, 