FOOTBALL FOOTBALL NOTES. By "o.o." Signs of the changing season are vieibie on every band, and footballers will soon be called upon to give place to their cricketing brethren. For some little time tbe cricket ground s--or several of them — have been subjected to the annual trp-d£0=smg, aud re long tbe more impatient adherents of willow and leather will emerge from their winter retire meat and resume possession of tbe field?. To ay that tbe footoall season grows in interest as ifcnears its close woull be perhaps to overstate the case, I Th repeated defeats of Carlton have done not a little to rob the eeason of its interest in tha estimation of the general public. Most of us like to gee the question of premiership re maining a matter of Bome doubt to the wioter s end, but this year the South Mel bourne men occupy such a position in the race that there is little or no prospect of their being overtaken. True, Geelong may in the final struggle draw abreast of tbe Southerner a if they should manage to defeat them, but tbe game will not excite that interest which it would do were tbe two dubs on a level footing at present, Oa the whole, the season has not produced that absorbing interest which has characterised the football of some previous years. There has, however, been much to | attract and entertain tbe public, and, con- sidering 'the comparatively poor competition I for premier honours, support and patronage have been very liberally bestowed upon the game, La>t Saturday's programme included a number of -important engagements, and tbe various enclosures were all filled by observant and moderately enthusiastic crowds. One of tha JargeBt musters of the day a-- enabled at I Fitzroy, where the loc>I celebrities were in atr&y; against Geelong. The game resulted j in a g«dd struggle, wherein the element. 1 " luck," was conspicuously present, aud j finally ended in the defeat of Fitzroy. The I loBers had notbiog to blame but their great inefficiency in the vital matter of kicking j for gost'- I know it is an extremely difficult thing to kick perfectly straight, .1 but .so much the mote reason why the art, if I may so term if, should be culti- | v&ted; more persistently. It ia wearisome £0 i have each week to growl at players for their j shortcomings in this respect, and 1 am die posed to follow the advice of tbe popular J vulgarism, arid " give it best." If the many j defeats which arise from this wans of expert- nesB in straight eboo'ing are not sufficient to induce players to practice, nothing that I can j say is likely to influecca shem. On Sat urday j Geelong had abou-x seven or eight chances, I and. kicked four goals; Fitzroy had perhaps 1 nv ciolifAfin p.hft?knafi Anf! kickfifl Dllt three goals. That is to say, hat Fitzroy had the beBt o? the play while Geelong won the match. This ,ie as it should not be, a fact which it is hoped will have due weight with j Fitzroy "forwards." Once more the Carltoniaas have succumbed, I this ii (he before the Port Melbourne repre- I sentativee- The unexpected decline of the l-Oarlton team is one of . the unexplained occur rences of our football history. For a season tney are invincible, and during a large part of the succeeding year tbey still hold their own against .all comers. Then without notice, and with scarcely a eign of growing weakness they almost entirely collapse, until clubs which previously had, go obanca whatever against them, find in the dark blues the easiest of victims. Thesa remarkable changes do not happen without some cause, and for the explanation of Oa? ton's downfall, I think | we heed look cb further th&P; tbeir t.r fining - ground- Once upon a time is was no infre quent thing to f-e«> utmost the entire twenty at work in tbe b:i winces of preparation. Now such a gathering would b©_ the exception rather than the, rule. While it is not advisable to bestow too much time on preparation for what is after all but a sport, young fellows can with- distinct advantage both to Ihem' selves and their clubs devote to athletic prepatatiou as much of their leisure ae- is I neceserry to keep them reasonably fit __ for tbeir work in the field# This the Carltonians 1 seem to have omitted to jto, and that they l eoffered f ram fatigue has ,qf f«n enough been j evident in their play» Io last Saturday s game i theyr were hopelessly nvermatcbed mdeea, lliliey did not appear fcobproughly warnr |- their work until after jPqit Melbourne had I sooted a enffioient number of goals to maKp i the game Almost a foregone conclusion in j their favour. Hers Jb®r® vigOKOM workj tush m bw mwkoatwwf of Car'ton hitberlc, would b& isfcrodncsd. But these better effort werb very fitfni, znd of avail ae&met; the w- ll-aus'fcaisert exes tiops of the Porti men. Tue final re- wife w«s in favnyr < !: the latter, their majority being represented by 3 goals and 8 eehiods. The match' took pi see at Fort Melbourne, and attracted the usual goodly muster of local spectators. . As if to show that there is an exception to every rule the E<«feodon players, eibce tbeir return fro'n Adelaide, have been doing wonders. Intercolonial trips are usually followed by a period of lese-daahisg play than is generally expected cf the ream whose happier tor: us© has taken thsm frtuu boms. The EBsertdc-n fellowp, on the contrary, have exhibtoed moto a-.iirit and brilliancy tines their return ircin South Australia than they bad: dons in any previous match this season. Their victory over Garltoss was a surprise to most of us, but regarded in the light cf Saturday' do in e, it need not have been. Last- week's match was wish North Melbourne, and in view of the improved form lately shown by the red and black, & largo number of psoplo sratbered cn ths Hotham Recreation Ground to eee tbe fisbt. It waa eooa evident that tha visitors meant to maintain tbeir better repu tation. as th«v went to work with skill and will- The Northorcera, however, are by no means in bad fettle and striving hard for the mastery, a fine exhibition cf football was provided. A strong wind aided the com batants in turn, but Esssados proved better able io i&ka; the advantage tbus afforded, and by half time had succeeded in e&tablisbic-g; a lead. This they managed to augment as the afiemcan wore on, and when the final quar ter found them ahead and with the wind at their backs, the game was practically over. Several of the home players put forth power ful efforts |to avert defeat but Fleming and company were irresistible, and finished some what easy winners This result, bracketea with tbeir general play of late, will Ion ? special iuterefit. to tbeir ma eh ags-mfi Geelong this afterooca. Should they beat fee Pivotoniane, the preraierfbip will be more than ever a certainty for South Melbourne. The strong and met on Saturday ia the persons of the South Melbourne team and the Melbourne team. It needed no ghost to foretell the result of such an engagement, ana it is perhaps scarcely worth while to Bay very much about the gems. All the afternoon tbe Hillites kept up & fire at the Metropolitan's goal, aud on eighteen occasions succeeded in piloting the leather through. This mammoth f core, joined to thirteen bohines. constitutes one of the heaviest pells on record in a first- class match, Melbourne may be very week »t present, but such gigantic figures go to show that the Southerners are in exceptional form. The leading spirits oa the winning de were Burcp, Purdie, McKay, O'Meara, arid Yowsg, For Melbourne, M Kenzia, Kiog, For M'Gawan, and M'G.indie piayed veiy credit ably. A spirit of conquest seems to have come over Foctacray of late, and on Saturday Rich mond were found willing to indulge shis spirit:. Tbe teams met at Foovscrey, where some 1,000 people had assembled to see tbe game. At the outset the locals pushed ahead in undeniable BtyJe, and maintaining the rusb with a persistency which proved their fettle to be Al. they soon had tbe Richmonders in difficulties, out of which the yellow and black found it impossible to extricate them selves during the remainder of tbe play. Tbe goal-kickers -for the afternoon were— for Foot&cray;, Anderson (2), Carlton, and Thomas ; for Richmond, Hughes. jx very ueciueu auu ureui&auits; wiu was registered in St. Hilda's favour on Saturday, their opponents for the occasion hailing from the South Bali a? at Club. The scene of opera tions was the St- Kilda ground, where the local public assembled in good force, and with every confidence in the ability of their repre sentatives to win ihs game. They were scarcely prepared, however, to ecs tbeir men so completely masters of the situation Nearly all through the play tbe seasides' held more than their own, and at the cor. elusion came out easy winners. This result wiil have the effect of making the Saints' meeting with Fitzroy this afternoon an important item ia the day'ri programme. £ predict a regular tussle for supremacy. At last the University men have won a match, and no tese important a match than the first " football intercolonial" between the 'Verities of Sydney and Melbourne, It was plsyed on our Uciver ity ground, and proved an enjoyable game. The visitors did fairly well,' but tbey r>re scarcely the equals of our men. A largo number of people assembled to giva the visitors a cheer of welcome. ResuUn of Saturday s matches : — Post Mel bourne (6 goals 14 bellied-) v. Carlton (3 goals 6 behind#), South Melbourne (18 goals 13 behiads) v, Melbourne (1 goal 1 behind) Geelong 4 goals 5 behind?) v. Fitzroy (3 goals 21 behind e), Essendon (4 goals 10 behivde) v. Narth Melbourne (2 goals 7 behind), Footscray (4 goals 9 behind) v. Richmond (1 goal o behind), 8t. Kilda (6 gcala 10 behind) v. Ballarat (2 goals 6 behind b), Melbourne University (4 goals 8 behinds) v. Sydney University (3 bsbinds), Baliarat (7 goals 15 behinds) v Imperial (3 goals 9 behiads). 2H3 PREMIERSHIP LIST. Season 1SS8. Total Total Matches. Goals. Behinde. Olub. j M i g S K m as b S ti S O . o tet O tc ? ft -N <5 Se South Melbourne _ 13 1 1 116 3? 156 87 Geelong «. „ 10 2 3 72 35 122 122 Wfiliamstown . _ 10 5 1 63 48 129 114 Carlton „ - 9 5 1 B 68 119 US' Richmond— . 9 6 2 72 62 148 115 Fitzroy „ _ 5 7 2 47 48 148 93 North Melbourne - 6 7 4 61 €8 125 120 St. Fiida - ... 7 8 3 77 66 HQ ;2l Port Melbourne — 9 9 — 70 70 148 118 Es9endon — 5 9 I 41 61 85 83 Footscr&y.; — 4 fl - 31 84 74 161 Unteerelty — — 10 1 15 65 35 48 Melbourne— - 4 12 1 41 79 118 49 S.A. ASSOCIATION SGORi&G; L?SX. In aluulafefng the number cf points made by a club two are given for a win, while a earwF or.e. ( ® c e k-'lk-ss atrs Olub. "ff i I g£3£gSa Norwood „ 13 II - 2 95 !42 29 68 24 P.AdeiWe„. 14 II 2 1 101 147 36 70 28 S.. Adelaide.. 15 8 6 1 76 140 60 74 17 Adelaide , 14 8 6 — 79 <13 68 161 :6 N. Adelaide 18 4 9 — 3? 49 72 82 8 Gawler „ 9 2 7 — 1« 38 49 9i 4 Kedlndle . 14 14 - 14 34 104 i?0 0 FIXTURES FOR TO-DAY. Garlton v. 3uoth Melbourne, at South Melbourne, Richmond v. North Melbourne, at North Melbourne. Essecdoc v. Geeinng, ot Geelor.g, Williametown v. Footeoray, rt Footaoray, ' , Melbourne y. Port Melbourne, at Port Melbourne. University v. Ballarab Imperial at Ballftrst, St, Ktidft ?. Fiteroy, fit St, ildfi \- ' . . ' 