STRAY NOTES. (JAMES GRASSIE.) It seems that the quarrymaa and carter are on what soldiers call " six ?upon four" in the Apsley district, and find the times hard as the stone. The price paid to the quarryman is 1s. 6d. per yard, and for seven mileBs carting it is 2s. per ditto. Tree ringing is fourpence per acre, and all other labor proportion ately low, so that if Mrs. Gordon Baillie's Skye men were here they would starve, and Chinamen and Chinamen only, can live on sueh wages. The truth is, however, that contractors run each other, take their contracts too low, and then try to wring the defloiency out of the laborers. There is a State reserve at Benyeo in which rabbits sufficient to colonise New Guinea are bred, and it is a singular circumstance that they seem to increase during the sojourn of " the rabbiters." There is a black eagle and a liver- coloured swan there and I would not wonder to hear that there is a white elephant. State water reserves are in a great many instances only reserves in name, and are as completely cut off from the people in Victoria as if they did not exist. The Glenelg river is closely closed in on both sides; the Crawford from end to end is already claimed by the squatters and selectors on its banks who have fenced it off; and Barnet, a water re serve in the parched district of Benyeo, has been so encroached on by pliant sur veyors that it may at any time be fenced off also. Their fences can, however, at any time be pulled down by those they impede, for no land-holder in Victoria has any right to obstruct the way to a water reserve. Another selection at Benyeo, known as " Peake's Farm," of 320 acres, was last week added to the large estates. In another year or two the wide district of Benyeo will be what it was thirty years ago-a great sheep paddock. A ghost story comes from Kybybolite, in the Benyeo district, and, like the London Cock Lane tale, is attested by " credible witnesses." It seems that the Kirby apparition, like Hamlet's father, is anxious to make disclosures, and beckons to those he delights to honor; but they all make tracks in the other direction and never wait to hear whether it is wisdom to take up arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. The gardener, honest man, who sleeps in the orchard, which is the phantom's favorite retreat, has not yet been favoured by a visit from it, but his position is not an enviable one, for he is .often in the stilly hours of night disturbed by a mouse. Kybybolite is a very solemn-looking contiguity of shade, and a very likely place for a ghost to haunt when the grapes are ripe. Dr. Johnson believed in the Cock Lane ghost until Sam Foote laughed it out of him, and there are some who affeot to laugh at the Kybybolite spectre; but we are told by high authority that on one occasion " the dead left their graves and were seen of many," and what was once may be again. John Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress has been translated into 85 , languages, Homer's Iliad into 80, Shakespeare' and Burns into 30 each, and Paradise Lost into 20. 