PARIS BETTER. (From Our Correspondent.) Pan 8, May 5. " Universality of antagonism," at present exists in - France as lovely as'Sir■ William -Grove could desire, and since war In1 nature, conflict in politics, and competition iu trade, form the vital sp'ark of healthy existence for each, French republicanism ought to be very vigorous. Turk and Giaour never hated obe another so fiercely as do the Anti-Roulamgists' or Ferryists, aud the Boulangiats. The rise in the price of sticking plaster for cracked heads is not a bad- measure for the - brisk-, ness of the factiou fights. Hard "words; "break no bones,, as the journals- daily il-; lnstrate, but it .is hot the same wlfen!, "as now, sticks are used/ The French de longing to the Celtic race;- may be excused taking to the shillelagh', only with them, that is a icuflgefj or:«ndhfaufc bludgeon,;, with a death or glory knobPisit'dhe end,. It is not like poor Paddy's short; slender, and polished piece of black thbrnj -whose every sharp and elastic thud on the skull, kuocks one of the capital sins oht of|the; victim.- rThen the French - display! no humor in opening heads, there is a touch: of the abattoir about their blows/ There;., is no cute in reserve with their ' Ithuriel spears.- ;. ;. !-... w,;>oa;:or.-.L j As a relaxation between'-newspaper! virulence aud street : violence; - the Bou langists; .and Fetryists: >I>ahqhet":i jana.. speechify. Happily-French do hot,ilike iSpartan republicans,. take their- meals. in commou ; did they,' they- ■.•would - set; the , table . .in a;-roar, r General Boulanger 4p his after dinner apeeph- to France, ■ re peated his cry to the nation. Dissolution of the Parliament, perhaps if [not*" for the glory of <3 od" at! least-rfor - the "good. of the! ajoontry, - and i the Revisioiij >ef j the "constitution.. ■ He addedjjthat hE^jwiaa ^ republican, would vote fo? the suppression.. I of a President of the Republic, ]as advo cated- font not illustrated- by?SL jGrbvy, and that he wished the Repjijblio $0 be no longer a cldsebbrough, monopolized by a Beet, be under, the ^dictatorship, cliques, 'but.opeato allad Gambetta advq^ated, to . converted Bo n a partis ts, as . well- as id i Orleamsts, hereditary demoprataas^ jwell as to right-divine royaiists, jfanyi de Bired ,to join his .natural and rational.. party. rThe Ferryiats, through M. -Rouv'ier ] —the mduth^piece of the unpopular Jules : -Ferry ,- repudiate both revision and dis- j solution; So there is no connection with the house over the way. j There is no nign that Boulanger is los ing ground. His programme bites, the peasantry are for him, he is a new Par liamentary hand, the ladies- are- his par tizans, soare the 'poets, ■seare theflprti culturists, as they are coining by the sale of Boulanger pink. In the button hole of a coat, and at a distance,-the dower, creates a more favorable reye-impression than a rosette of the laegion of Honor with a Wilson :tmde-mark; -The invectives, calumnies, and " unveracities" -hurled or. exchanged, the blows given and received,; the dust, the din and the war-g!amorj do not touch the:r quiet'hrtizap,.dbq; humble tradesman, and the shrewd, hard working peasant. 'These.couches will-decide the' battle between the: Ferryiat and the Bbn^ langiat programmes^ by .their votes fet'a few more Memento Mori, jay .elections Tor ' the benefit of Deputies and Senators,! the legislators will driuk the fatal chaiice,land decree the dissolution. ' Then worn ppliti-' ciaus.will .shriek, for them political life's fitful fever will be oyer; " The Ferry is*s. could never.go to the county handicapped" .with the leviathan unpopularity of their chief, plus, having to bear the responsibi lity of all tbe sins of commission, but above all of omission, committed in the name of the Republic since 1875. The Boulangists-have no such impedimenta, they are new brooms, the mouth-pieces of all the discuntented, the disgusted and the revolted with and against the legislative and administrative break down. Till general elections be decreed, the agitation for such will be: kept up. As to what shape; the revision of the constitution will take, that will depend on the .new deputies to be relumed--.: ' It is generally betiuved the Senate will go. From earliest times, the Gauls had a speciality for; kiiocking over conscript Fathers;—only the; latter nowadays do not give up the ghost in their cunile .chains. - They all bolt like; a king or a pope. ; lutolbgont foreigners would do. well.'not to ;take too soridusly the bubbling "maledictions of either Ferry-': ists of Boulangists. Each'believes-like HoseaBigiow, that wheri,,theCe-is -a hole, in their tin can.,- the bottom has been; knocked out of the universe.' '. - • The Prince Napoleon and the Comfce de Paris, like General Bonlanger, join in tho: De I'refundis for; Parliamentarism in France.: The three recognise that Uni versal suffrage alone Is master, that here ditary rulership has ceased to- exist. 'The Bonapartist and Qrleanist when appealing to that suffrage.-are. nailed;" pretenders," while Boulanger is dubbed as an " adven turer."- Why this violation of logic? .Why should Boulanger not take- a ^Wash ington for his ideal, rather than the losing game of.a Caesar for -a model ? Switzer land and the United States are republics, yot neither have Un parliamentary system nor dictatorship. The Swiss Federal Council, which is the Ministry, is elected for three years, the President of the j Uuited States is not the Congress, nor Is J .he a dictator,-yet In both cases there is ^assumed stability, for three and four' years; respectively, of .Government and wholly devoid of peraoualism. Parlia mentarism in France has rendered it im possible for ministers to live, and has re duced deputies and senators into .legisla tive molecules incapable of aggregating into working majorities. The parliamen tary system is not synonymous with the Republic, the latter claims to have a single assembly elected by the direct vote of the people charged to legally, pacifi cally aud democratically revise an un democratic constitution. , That's not plebestic enterprise, nor an adventure. And yet it is all the Boulanger. .crusade demands, explains why it3 Jericho blasts naturally consternate fossilized republi cans, who when times are troubled reply to appeals for reform. " Exact nothing from the present, as .-it would make matters t worse." When- there is. \jm trouble, the reply is, " Why seek any chan £ when events are smiling." This resemo.es -the barber's famous sign-board, " To-morrow, customers will be shaved gratis." • It has been remarked that life would he tolerable only for its pleasures. It may be said Paris would be endurable only fun its exhibitions. There ought to be a central council for regulating the holding of these gatherings : twenty- four hours a day does not suffice to visit the half of them, and yet all are more or leS3 attrac tive. From the crowd must be excepted the salon, or annual picture show. Though an institution as ancient as Lonis XVI., it is only officially 106 years old— that is, older than M. Chevreul. Thus the exhibitions succeed and resemble, and while resembling not the less prosper. Now, for several years the shows become more and more a multicolored mass of works of art, and of all kinds . but, while being works of the hand, they are not all, unfortunately, works of mind. The sub ject is confused, the drawing careless or nasty, and, as Opie would say, colors are not always mixed with brains. Of the totaL 5,320 exhibits—sculpture, engrav ings,. lithographs, etc.—2,586 are pairit ings of all sizes. Perhaps they, .could, be weeded down to 176. as ,worth -[fruitful Studying. ' The dieariilesS"prf a picture show lies in having to make a pilgrimage 'to discover tfih twd'gralns of wheat in;the husliel of Chaff, 'jiildjfe of"'i:ho labor in thus peregrinating through thirty sailes.-— - The dominating note in the i888*con ceit of painting is, the. .portrait of " a gentleman"/Or " a lady*' ; i'tis the'repre sentation more or less faithful, more or leas happy, more , ni* less' useful,'of bnr contemporaries."r- Portraiture Has ever been1.a strong point ih French rirt. But while every -French citizen -ft eligible to become a town coiincillnr,; administer, or a president of,the republic,-Sobe has the ' ■right tor.'hare ha * likeness 'painted. The only : objection is, that" he has' himself painted tor " the public, who - in ■- the vast majority ofcaBes :asfc,-in • preBence iof1 the canvas; " who isihat ?" liappilythere is a certain nuirrber of " Meu -and Women of the Time;" that are what Zula'would .caUr-human;-: .documents. There > is,' an absence in the present show.of-the lands cape,. the genre, the historical and the.r nu. ' The modern French school ' com; menceB to seize actualities and . to -idepict them'; withr sincerity and: " breezinhss," and tniBt .to their own ■ eyes to: find in nature■;im-every, day di£e; their eidea. to work out, rathier than to take* it"B&ci;>nd hand: from poets* or: romancjers. ■ ;The i young artists- are thus, wisely quitting the beaten, tracks, rely itig.on: their perception.,, of."those .'ihvisible traits, colorings iaud; shades that their, pencils ex presSi :n sAirtists ihave^luimor, thiisjah the chief salon: areplaced'facingone another .the portraits of' "the rival chiefs—Boulanger ;andl Ferry.—who now seem to have; -the' destinies of' France between:, their, hands. j-Tjiat of Ferry -js by Bonnat, : who baB-' never thrown more; of-his; characteristics^ into, his' work, J:energy, strength," ; arid solidity,, he has not flattered his model—a model that, naturally responds to the artist's:qualities. ,_M. Bin,'has not been' happy In his Boulanger, it.is a workman hesitating and . disappointing.:,, .. , The general himself admitaiFerry beata bim in the : Salon. ■ The portrait of President Carnqj: by you i> -saluted, not.examined. It's ah official likeness officially execnted. Oarnot'a portrait recalls a goody, goody' big boy, waiting-bis turn to:-advaiice to the communiontable *to be ' confirmed, others say he is a model mute. . Bonnat's Cardinal Jjayigefie; is master piece.in pontificial's red- and b lack; what massiva ness and jstrength;swhat~ aJEfildebrand ex pression of militant nrisalottarisra in 'that rubicund face;t .If he; had bis;:wfty!tbe cardinal would mike <2zara, Italian Kings,j and republican presidents come to jtheir' Oanossa. - . ; ."**' Saint-Denis by M. Delance, is ope of the prettiest paintings in: the Salon. There .goes the :Saint after decapitatiorr not parlant bat marchant to his abbey,' from Paris with his head under his arm, throughjrowa of dazed spectatora,; his perr sonal luggage may excuse their: wondering. JTehner gives us; as -usual; his. luminous carnation portraits, on a black-ground, a speciality of which he alone dias the secret. -. Paganihi lieyer wearied with his CarajyaV; de ^Venice. H.. Meichersr-;a of the ."Pilots/' What truthfulness in observa tion hncl what; simplicity . iri executiq!n;.' You spiff the soa side on it. The: " Sta'u-, dayd Hearer " is ah episode of the CnmSan. war. . When . .the Malakoff ^vas.takeii, the body of the flag lieutenant was found under . fho ruins . of ah."exploded powder magazine the eagle grasped in his death grasp. M- Perret's rural " Golden Wed ding " is a gem, the old spouse is a charm ing page of county life. M. Rolis's u Farmer's Wife " is one ©f the successes of the Show, she is just after finishing milking a oow. AT. Bouquesnes' " Fisher men during rough weatner," is one of those sketches trae to nature. You can imagine the fish to be jumping in the net being hauled on board and you are in clined to draw back Test you be splashed with the tail of a wave. AT. Vuillefpy is the most happy painter of hoTses and-cows that France' possesses, not'alone in point of coloring but bear it in mind young -artists, this -master-is thembst-pai nstak i ng of designers. CarolusBuraTi exhiJiits two portraits one -of his daughter,;'Jatid both triumphs. - The- same observation applies to two portraits- by- Cabaue) marked by supreme taste and eleghri'ce: -1"Erlward Detaille's military -picture the " Dream," represents soldiers and officers sleeping pell tnell on themuddy ground, the rifles are stacked in front,- a long- line, while, in tho background paBs in review, i the' shadows of departed heroes. The attitudes' of the worn out sleeping; soldiers aie marvellously executed. It is one of those paintings which move crowds as well as the individual.- Some other notes 1 must hold over, ■ ' " AT. Garnet's-voyage to Bordeaux, would have been happier'had the political situa tion been less impassioned. He.hal accepted the invitation before the birth of fioulangism. The trip clearly demonstra ted marked divergencies in political, thinking on tho crowds, Official voyages are . not' exactly the test, for political"" opinions. lOf : course he had tc listen to cheers for Boulanger. At Rochefort oiie -admirer of the general's put his head into the presidential carriage,- and shouted both in, and up to M. Car riot's face, " Vive Boulanger!" The President fell back Concluding he was going to be assassinated : perhaps a la Henri IV. Brief, the trip has not'eonverted the country, that the disso lution of ■ parliament is unnecessary, or; that the Constitution stands in need of no tinkering. ,j Emile Zola, though a merciless critlo himself, is very sensitive when rubbed-, down the wrong way. His Germinal was* severely reviewed,' not op -account* of its; | plot, but of its dialogue—excellent in'tlje novel, uosnitable on the : stage. Zola: appealed to Demos, he kept" open house' for positively one night only, 9,000 popu lace spectators, were admitted, -some parts ■ of.the play they: applauded but those ad- : voeating. nihilism, they hissed. Theyob-: jected to the he'roine being killed, so the . next night Zola altered the. .denOumeur, by marrying her,to her Orpheus. Ho' ought not to allow the Lisette, to die Of; hunger, but fatten her like a Sultana, or a crammed fowl. Zola states'he loses j money on a l his dramas, while he makes' 100,000 fr. a year .011 each of his novels. -Rothschilds beware. A very remarkable duel has occurred, wherein an artist, AT. Dupuis. was shot" dead. His picture in the Exhibition is surrounded with crape. By some bung ling,the seconds did not take.the necessary precautions to savo their man from being killed. In any case it must be ranked as an exception. It is the first fatal lBsue: since 1882, on a total of 943 duels. Madame Arnauil del'Arisje, is tho wi.l'i.v of one of the richest indmti'iah in Franc-; her husband, a Swiss, came to P«ris b ire footed, founded gas-companies, and owned nearly all tho shares The -widow's chateau in Switzerland, was Gatuoetta.\ favorite retreat. She' eipectcd he would tnarry her, bur ladies of the 'Jules Fei-ry ring broke off the marriage. It is her son who has an income of three millions a year, who revenges his mother, by run ning Boulanger against the Ferryisis. Such is ihe birth of Bmiiangism. Always1 .seek tlie femmc in every mvstery of life. .Compe Dillon is a'school-fellow of Bou langer's: Hojise Taming.—We draw the attention of •our, Kingston readferi*tb Professor Train's ad vertisement in this issue. Asa q'uietner of. uriru'ly horses be has no: wfual in tbij part of the world, and all interested in the inanrv/o jneht oL .horses will do Wei* to learn his system. 