CORRUPTING THE LITTLE ONES. St. Paul s, West Maitland, already far . departed from thei wholesome practice and doctrine of the Reformed Protestant Church to which it professediv belongs. nas taken a turther step in order to poison the water ot life at its source. After all whatever attraction show and mvsterv have the adults who have been instructed tbn?8> take but a Precarious bold ol these fantastic and superstitious novelties. The party therefore in Eng- Slre to inoculate the young children with these untruths, and so make more lasting converts. So the different societies ot that heresy put forth such tracts and manuals as will be a good preparation for more advanced teaching hereafter. We have several times quoted from suc-h manuals; but we have not until lately KVib made, to tamper with S 1- S of children of an age much \- th.an tbat for which those manuals were designed, such as are the firBt and second "Catechism of the Children of the Church," now before us, published by "The Church Extension AssociatioD," London. These little catechisms have been introduced to the children of St. Paul's, West Maitland; and will, no doubt, be a mighty aid in the develop ment of the Puseyite leaven in that parish. We take some specimens from the second catechism, which just covers the same ground as the first, but with a little more words. The fatal and fundamental error is found in the description and relative positions of the Bible and the Church, p.p. 27 and 31. And what is most deceitful is the manner in which the error is covered by being brought in under the auspiceB of an acknowledged truth, p. 30 has these: — Q, Where do we learn what God desires us to believe and do ? A. In the Holy Bible. Q. How is the Bible different from other Books ? A. Because it is inspired. Q. What do you mean by that ? A. I mean that holy men were moved, by the Holy Ghost to write it? Nothing could be better, except the grammar of that word " because." But here comes the trail of the Berpent. Q. How are we to know the meaning of the Bible ? A. We learn it from the church. Henceforth the Bible becomes a nose of. wax to the church; and the "church" soon disappears in the " pastors " or! clergy , so that the poor Bible, after being' declared to be inspired, and written by men moved by tbe Holy Ghost, and being the means by which we learn what God desires us to know and do, is not to be used but as it is first " cooked " and strained according to tbeir traditions. .But if the Bible is inspired, and if it enables us to learn what we ought to know and do, it ought to enable us to judge the church by it, and the " pastors " too. Now it is about this thing, " the church," tbat the most hopeless confusion is allowed to dis tract the child. On page 40 we have. Q. Are we bound to obey the church ? A. Yes; for Christ has said to the pastors of the church — " He that heareth you heareth me, &c.;" The pastors to whom these w-ords were spoken were the Apostles; and so, according to this, the church is simply the Apostles. But when we refer to lesson X — The Church — we find the church to he " all faithful people under one head"; and far from being confined to the "pastors," every one becomes a member when he is baptised, and it is diffused, over the whole world. Here are more contradictious. But when we come to p. 40 — to - the command ments of the church " — there is another variation, for the church here, and in other places, plainly means the Established Church of England, This is evident, because it is Anglican commandments alone which are enumerated. Tbe Blessed Sacrament is not to he received until after confirmation, whereas in the Western Church generally, it is received at seven years old. In fact, having foisted on the weans the' name "the church" as if it meant "all tho faithful that is, all who ! the faith of Christ— it so twists it, at last as if it meant the Romanesque faction of the Anglican sect, and of that faction only the " priests." Here is' pretty con juring in sacred things. In this limited sense of " the church " it is that the cate chism finds opportunity to misrepresent and corrupt the meaning, so as to suit its superstitious ends. Here is a specimen of such twisting in pi 42. How does the church teach us ' to prepare' for . Holy Communion; " !By examining ourselves; so1 that we may repent us' truly of . our sins. ' Q/' If. after examining ourselves we can not quiet' our consciences' what'are we to do? A. Togo to one of God's ministers and open our grief. ' Q. What does this mean? ' A. To confess our sins that we may receive- absolution ' together with' counsel and advice. : ' - ' ' Now, here, "to confess1 our sins" is footed faiseiy on what" the church1 "says. " To. .P®n grief " . on our difficulty of receiving the Holy. Communion is a very different thing to confessing our sins to anyone ; and. this little twist is prepared for by another answer previously explain ing that confessing sins means " telling them one by one " to the priest, who will then absolve. As one might expect from the " school " from which the Catechism emanates, the efficacy of the Sacraments is immensely exaggerated ; although we are glad to acknowledge that the child is not here taught, as in most Puseyite manuals, to call hy the name of Sacraments any but the two Scripture ones, Baptism and the Lord's Supper ; nor is there any allusion to extreme unction, orders, &e.;, as Sacra ments. Still the two Sacraments are strained beyond reason or Scripture, and put in a position which is simply super stitious. Premising that a Sacrament is "an outward visible sign of an inward spiritual grace," and not the inward spiritual grace itself, the language used is very objectionable. (Page 4). Q. Can we be sanctified by means of the Sacraments ? A. Yes. Through them God makes us holy. The idea of being sanctified hy an out ward visible sign is preposterous. Again, page 46, after stating that the Sacraments are necessary for all men, we have— Q. What do you mean hy saying they are -necessary for all men ? ! A. I mean that the Bible Bpeaks of them as necessary to salvation. \ Now it is bad enough to assert their necessity for salvation, and to make it the. shibboleth of a party of deformation ; but it is merely untrue and dishonest to endeavour to implicate the Bible in such a fiction. The less said of the Bible the better, when such allegations are made. It never speaks of the Sacraments as necessary to all men for salvation. In deed, the Bible does not speak of " Sacra ments " at all ; and the ordinances wbich we have come to call by that name, are made quite secondary in the Bible. Bap tism is so treated by St. Paul (1 Cor. i. 17), and the Lord's Supper is but once made a subject of instruction after its institution. These two things, however important, were not the all in all, nor evon tho chief things, in apostolic days. The Catechism certainly erects one of them — Baptism — into something like one of the heathen charms. Q. What is Baptism ? A, Washing away of sin ! In the name of God what kind of Christianity is this, or what indication is there in the words of the Lord Jesus Christ, or in the teaching of the apostles, for such wicked teaching ? Numbers of baptisms are mentioned in the New Testament, but "the washing away of sin " by any of them is a thing utterly re pugnant to Scripture, and indeed to reason. On the contrary people were baptised, as we read there, when it was understood that their sins had been already forgiven, and as a sign and acknowledgment of that forgiveness. It was the awful mistake of accepting baptism as washing away sin, that led to the abomination of the days of Constan tino, when he and many more, believing the monstrous folly, deferred baptism until the approach of death, so that they might then , go out of the world clear of sin, cheating God : and if the children taught thus, retained such a belief as a practical thing when they grow -up, they would curse the officiousness of those who had brought them to the font in infancy, "washing away sin "before they had committed any; whereas, deferr ing it until old age, the long score might be " washed away " in an instant. ; No' Scripture is of course attempted for such ' aJ doctrine ; hut ' certain words are claimed for' the other , error, namely, that, baptism is necessary for salvation. Q, In what words did,' Christ say " that baptism/is necessary 'to salvation.' A. " Except a man be born of water and of, the Spirit he cannot enter into the 'kingdom of heaven." ' Here- is the usual large assumption. It is assumed withbut any Bhow of proof, that baptism is meant, for it is not mentioned; and it is assumed again that " he cannot enter into the kingdom of God /' is the same as saying " he cannot be/saved." Now, in a multitude of places in the gospel, the Kingdom of God and of heaven is applied to the society of Christians on earth, which was to increase like the leaven and the mustard seed, and to consist of bad and good like the field and the net (Matt, xviii), and into this community no doubt baptism was the ordinary form of admittance ; but if the Kingdom of God as used to Nicodemus means " salvation," as the Catechism teaches, and baptism is necessary thereto, what shall we say to the Lord's taking little children in his arms and saving, " of such is the kingdom of heaven. Who soever shall not receive the kingdon of God as a little child he shall not enter therein." These children were not ' baptized, and yet of such were to be the kingdom of God. It is clear enough that the benefit was to come from being con verted, (except ye be converted and become as a little child), .and not from baptism. We may be perfectly sure that the Puseyite8 can find no place in Scrip ture to justify their saying, when they are driven to such shifts as this talk with Nicodemus, which does not touch the sub ject. Baptism is never taught in Scripture as an instrument of salvation. There, in every instance a man is first saved, then, therefore, baptised. (See Mark, xvi, 16. Acts, viii. , 12, 36 ; Acts, x., 43, 48 ; Acts, xix. 2-6 ; Acts, ix., 18 ; xxi., 15, 33, &c.; But it is chiefly in the brief account of the Sacrament of the Lord's supper that unreason and superstition are heaped together for the children's disedification. Q. (page 48). What other Sacrament is necessary for all men ? A. The Sacrament of Christ's body and blood. Q. To whom did Jesus first give his body, and blood ? A. To his twelve Apostles. Now here is utter folly and contradic-. tion. The thing is first called a Sacra ment, that is a sign of the body and blood of Christ ; and then at once, presto ! the Sacrament or sign disappears, and the Lord is spoken of as giving they body and blood themselves. There then were two bodies, containing tbe blood of two present . at tbat last feast. There was Christ living, and yet dividing his own body among the disciples — two bodies of Christ. We are told that Christ gave them bread and wine, but of the changing them into his body and blood, which were already there before the Apostles, we read nothing. Surely tbe Church of England article is right in declaring that all this fabulous nonsense " overthroweth the nature of a Sacrament." For if the thing itself be given, a sign or Sacrament of it is out of the question. But, according to the same Catechism (page 50), the Sacra ment is also "a sacrifice;" and here we have just the same kind of falsification as we remarked above. Q. Did our Lord offer himself as a sacrifice when he was on earth ? A. Yes, when he died upon the cross. ' Q. Does he still offer himself as a sacri fice? A. Yea ; for " he is entered into Heaven itself to appear in the presence of God'for us." Here " to appear in the presence of God " pretends to be the same as offering Himself a sacrifice, although we are told that He was sacrificed once for all on Cal vary. The 'same kind of pretendedprodf is repeated thus ; Q. When do we take part with him in offering this sacrifice ? A. In the Holy Eucharist, for then we "do show the Lord's death till he come." Thus to show (proclaim) the Lord's death, is made the same as to repeat his sacrifice. To get a plausible sound for such fearful error, the utmost distortion of Scripture and common sense is needed, and a -paltering in a double sense. We cannot too solemnly warn parents against the use of such manuals, which are merely introductions to ritualistic superstition, .the highway to Popery. "We have no doubt whatever that this is the very object for which they are circulated and used by English publishers, and they ought to be avoided as m'ore venomous and more sneak ing, than snakes in the grass. God help the children connected with St. Paul's, W est'Maitland. If their friends do not guard them from such moral poison, their doom is sealed, - 