TOMMY BOUGH AT THE THEATRE. [As confided to HUGH KALYPTUS] Seems to me as I was took in over the " Lady of lions," seeing as how there weren't no lions at the Theayter when I went, lgets np in the gallery among the gods, and I sez. This 'ere lady as they calls Pauline the lady of lions—only they spells it with a*y' —she's a tamer of wild beasteses„I sez;" but wot does I see ? Why, a oo ve as said he] were a gardener's son; but never dressed like no gardener I ever see, a chyacking around, •pouting poekry about marble palliases— meanin* the Governor's up to Marble Hill. Well, he flourishes around in a mQishy unifoim, and the lady, she has a row with him, and then they gets to magging each other; but there weren't no lions, and the cove at the door, he wouldn't give me my sixpents back. Well, I goes agin when "Hamlick" was on, a tragedy they calls it, by Willyum Shaks peare, him as Is always agoing round the cabs inspectink of 'em and collaring dogs to kill wot aint got no collars on. Well, it seems to me it was well wrote, better'n he writes them inflamations that old Beddome dismisses. There wern't no lions in this neither, but there was a 'ghost, leastways he said he were, and he said he were 'Amlick's father, and 'Amlick he cut np rough and went on jest like ,that cove Coopo when he'd "got 'em agin." It seemed a rum go altogether. Far as I could make out 'Amlick's nncle caught the old man asleep or drunk in the garding and poured some Iicker (whisky I expect) into his earhole, and the old man went off his hook. Then 'Amlick's nncle married bis mother, and they went into the king business. They never buried the old man proper, and he went prowling around at nights risking being took up by a bobby for having no wisible means of support, Seemed to me he was a pretty solid sort o' ghost, for be Bhook the boards when he glided past, though he was all bine fireworks and white chalk. I couldn't get the whole hang of It, for 'Amlick he bullyragged his mother; told his best girl to go to flammery, and when she drownded herself in the dam he shaped np to her brcther and wasted to punch his 'ed. Things got pretty lively then. The two coves had a go at each other with •words, which they shoved into each other in turn. The Queen drank something wot disagreed with her, and the King hollered for the Coroner; then 'Amlick resurects hisself. and goes and shoves into the King, who'd drawed his sword but never used it, and we don't see no more of the ghost, so I suppos? he was 1 satisfied, but for me I'd a bloomia' eight more see a circus. What a deal of nautical talent comes out in the community after a wreck. Ia fact, this is a community of Admirable Crichtons—the people know everything. No sooner do we have a bit of a bungle with the Defence Force when straightway up springs a host of advisers of the toId-ycra-Eo sort, and every one of them seemed to know more than a fall field Marshal. Let a wreck oocnr, and the amount of nautioal talent lying around dormant is exhibited tons. Advice is generously given free gratis for nothing, the most wonderfully ingenious ideas are promulgated, and it is really a wonder more than one mistake ever occurs after suoh a lavish display of infallible resources. Britannia roles the wavea, it is said, bat here we have scores of people who can give Britannia points and beat her. Some of' our advisers are quite equal to teaching a whale to swim or an oyster how to keep his mouth ehnt, although they cannot close their own. It is not often one hears a Chinaman and a blackfellow in conversation, but an amusing instance ocurred the other day in a country town. The native wanted some tobacco, and asked John for some, who handed him a stick. The native, who had been in the habit of getting his smoke free of cost, walked off with an approving grin of thanks. John pursued him witha request for payment. Native—"No fear; me no pay for baccy. Whitefella always give blackfellow bacca, and no ask for white money. What for yella fella want white money for baocy?" John made him understand that he never gave anything for nothing. So Jimmy said he would pay him another day; bnt John would not give credit and made the native disgorge the tobacco, much to Jimmy's disgust. Some ladies and children were taking a walk recently near where some men were firing at a target. The ladies were remarking as they heard a bullet cause the bulls-eye to ring. " There is another bulls-eye;" or " they have hit the bulls-eye again." A little girl of the party had been gazing abont her for some tiote, evidently looking for something, and at last addressing her mother enquiringly, eaid—" Mother 1 where are the bulls r - 