Political Chat *Fh£ position of the Griffith Ministry with regard to to ria«eto cannot be too frequently placed before the electors of Drayton and Toowoomba At the present time, as tbe <lay is rapidly approaching when they -will be called upon to record their votes either in favor of the Griffith and Via Recta Ministry, or in favoroftiirThos. M'11 wraith. If the present Government obtains a renewed Jeas8> of power, :there is not the faintest shadow of a doobt, but that "tills iniquitous railway scheme will be again introduced, aud in all probability passed by the two Houses. The greatest safeguard which tbe electors of this constituency conld have against the con stitution of this "" War* iL-k sop," wouldbe tbe return to gpwer of a Government repre senting tbe present Opposition, who, as a party, are pledged to oppose it. It should then be distinctly' bome in mind by the voters of this constituency, that if by re turning our late members they assist iu once more pltcing Sir S. W. Griffith in office, they thaa contribute in no small degree to carrying out the via recta.-. D. D. Gazette. The following question was put to Sir Tbonias MHIymuth at the ineeting of North Brisbane, electors iu theOddfeaows> Hall, CaxtonetreeV Petrie Terrace on Thorsdsy night:—" Mr. Murphy, in addressing- the electors of JEJarcoo, said that yonr supporters bad obtained a pledge from you that, if re turned to power, y<>u will not press, the Transcontinental Railway scheme, and that you will oppooe the introduction of coolies, Chinese, and other alien*. Will you give those pledge# to the meeting ?" Sir Thomas1 M'llwraithi "CeiHwiti^, I have done so al ready.** (Cheers. )—Odtirier. A " Ghost" which had nightly • terrified people it) a village on theonttkiiianf Rhrevi bary has been effectually laid, On Snoday 50 villagers set out with sticksaud nrnaailes, and succeed in « capture. Tbe ^licigt »» none other bat a fanner. His captors chastised biro severely, and he wae only re leaaedon his handiog over £5 for Ae local infirmary by way of compensation lor his ioliy. ' ■ . ,^ ;.,;V 