-t- ^- ~-z — st-!S=^ [?] W0W r^^^f^s^^^^r^m Author of ' Great Portor Square,' 'Giif,' ' Blade-o'-Grass,' ' The Nine of Hearts,' 'Devlin the Barber,' &c.; Chapter J. —Treating Lightly or the Devotion of Samuel Fleetwood to Me and Mine, and moke rAiiTicn.AULY of the position which Mademoiselle Rosalie LlCNOllMANI) OCCUPIED IN MY HOrSFHOLI). EITHKR vanity nor ambition int jx'ls ' me ti iipply niysdf o the tusk - f narrating, in us plain terms ns 1 can com mand, the singular and extra ordinary events of the last few months of ray life. It is timply that I consider it right that a record should be made, nnd placed in ihe hands of those who, after me, are most nearly concerned, of matters which ai'C at once both public and private, havingbeenmade public not by any wish or instigation of mine, but by force of circumstance and by the unwriltpn law which declares that crime shall not be' hidden, but shall be brought forward into the full li{;ht of day, so that all men may Fee and ? judge. What I am about to narrate is something more than an affair of life and deaih : for these arc but a breath, and are resolved in a moment of time. But a man's good fame, or its reverse, is not created and dies not so swiftly. It lives long after he ib laid in his grave, and sheds honour or disgrace upon these who live alter him, and who were nearest and dearest to his heart. It is sad to think that this is 'so, and that I ho innocent must often suffi r with the guilty ; but the frailties of our common nature, no less tlinn our lack of large-hearted charitable ness, areconiinually perpetrating these nets oi injusticc.and ] suppose they must be borne with and made the best of. Tbe'opportunily, however, of setting wrong things right must not be neglected. Therefore, in a small measure for my own sake, aud in a lsrge measure for the sake of those 1 love, do I gather together the loose threads of a story in which' all the passions and emotions of human nature play their pregnant parts. My name is lticbard Pardon, and at the tune of the tragedy, which will be recorded in its proper place, I re sided with my wife and only child, Eunice, at Boscombe Lodge, ?evenoaks. A brief description of my abode will suffice. Boscombe Lodge is nn estate of about twelve acres. The residence is old-fashioned and roomy, and the pleasure grounds surrounding^ are charmingly laid out. Indeed, the natural and artistic beauties of the dear home are per fect, and such as i-hould content any man of moderate good sense, even though his tastes were fastidious. Mine were not; 1 was a happy, contented man, blessed with an affec tionate wife and daughter, and it was perhaps because I had lived a life of ensu itiat I was so ill-fitted to meet trouble ., when it came to me ; but the storm which broke upon me was sufficiently ter.ib'le to unseltlc the reason of any human beinsr, howsoever wise and mentally strong he might be Four female servants, a gardener, and a coachman did the work of the l.ouse and grounds. In addition to these were Samuel FleetuooJ and Mdlie. .Rosalie Lenormand. [ It would not be.correct to describe Samuel Fleetwood as a servant. He wus altogether a superior man, and was . attached to me in a confiential capaeiiy. I had small need for the services of u secretary, but what little there was to do in this respect Samuel Fleetwood did for me. A natural indolence of habit caused me, I am afraid, to employ him in many trivial matters which I could easily have seen to my so! f: and everything I set him to do was done so thoroughly and efficiently that I grew to look upon him as indispensable to my comfort. Circumstances of a peculiar nature had ma'de me acquainted with him some years previous to his entering my house. Ee was then married, and had gone through great troubles and misfortunes, which had left him very poor. His wife was in delicate health, and at more than one critical juncture Mrs. Pardon and I steppe 1 into their aid. A. ministering angel, indeed, did my wife ever prove herself to be in such cases as this ; her presence in the sick chamber was. talm, her smile sunshine, her gentle voice breathed peace. Ko man could more strongly appre ciate the sympathetic aid wo rendered in a time of need ' than Samuel Fleetwood ; it stirred him to his innermost depth?, and he was profoundly grateful for it. My wffe and I -stood by. Mrs. Fleetvood's deathbed, and almost with her last breath she thanked us for the kindness we had shown to her and her husband and said that the sacri fice of his life would be but a slight return. ' I speak for him as well as for myself,' she said. ' He feels as I do.' I received with humbleness, as I am sure my wife did, these extravagant expressions of gratitude, to which, how ever, 1 made no demur, because I perceived that the utter ance of them afforded the poor woman pleasure. To ease her last moments I said that I would continue to be her husband's fiiend, and a light of great happiness shone in her eyes. ' He will be your faithful and devoted servant,' she said faintly. ' to the hour of bis death.' Faithful and devoted indeed he was, and I trusted him as I would have trusted a brother. He was not given to effu sive expression, but 1 knew that 1 could always depend upon h'ni in large matters as well as small. In speakine of the slight services it was in our power to render Samuel Fieetwood and his wife I speak not in praise of myself, but it is necessary that it should be clearly understood that he was trulv and earnestly devoted to me nnd mine, and that in Mb heart of hearts he' worshipped my wife as an angel of This story has been nramaiised bv the author, end the dramatic rights are protected. -B. L. Farjeos. mercy and goodness. I did not know what I subsequently learnt, that he bad heart disease, and that he was awn re that his years, almost his d;iys, were counted. It is necessary, also, fora proper understanding of my story that I should say something here of Mdllc. Le noimand, governess, companion, aud lady's-maid to my dear daughter Eunice. This unusual mingling of duties whs of Mdlle. Rosulie's own arranging. She entered our service as governess, to perfect Eunice in modern languages, drawing, and rjaintinir. I was perfectly satisfied with my daughter's accomplishments, holding as I do tbe opinion that girls can l-e, and frequently are, so over-educated as to unfit them for the groove which the scheme of Nature intends them to occupy ; but Eunice, her mother, and a lady friend decided between them that something more was required, and hence the engagement of Mdlle. Rosalie. I had nothing to do with tbe engaging of the lady, and there fore it was that I did not sou her until she was regularly in stal'ed in our house. ' I have settled with our new governess,' said my wife, ' .and she is coining in the morning.' I sini'ed and nodded, and in the morning Mdlle. Rosalie made her appearance. ' You must my something nice to her, papa,' Eunice had said to me beforehand. v ? Therefore, to please my daughter and my wife, I expressed to Mdllc. Rosalie, when she was presented, the hope that she would be comfortable in our home. ' I am sum I shnll be,' was Mddlo. Rosalie's response : adding, with her hand on her henrr, ' I feel it so already. You are so good,' She was a fair lady, with languishing blue eyes, with light air, and eyebrows almost golden in colour. My wife, although she confessed she had not inquired, said that she was about 22 years of age. 1 am not a good judge of a woman's age, especially if that woman be fair, and 1 took my wife's word for it.' 'Isn't she sweet, papa':'' asked Eunice. 'Too soon to pronounce,'' I replied, passing my hand fondly over Eunice's hair, which was dark like my wife's. Some few weeks afterwards I asked Eunice how she was getting on with modern languages. *'Papa,' said Eunice. 'I don't think Mademoiselle Rosalie is very proficient in languages.' *' Indeed, my dear,' I said, smiling. It was a relief to me that Eunice was not to be made a blus-stocking. 'But she paints beautifully, papa,' said Eunice. ' Here are some of her sketches.' I examined them, and was really surprised at their excel lence, and more surprised at the subjects the artist had choren. Moreover, they bore unmistakable evidence of having been painted from the*life. I mentioned this inci dentally to Eunice, and she immediately ran away, and re turned breathless. 'O, yes, papa!' she cried— 'from the life. I ask«i her, and she said it was tbe only way to produce good work.' The information deepened my surprise. They were figure subjects : a duel, a tipsy brawl, a group of merry monks, gallants ogling a lady, a moonlight meeting of loverR, gamblers in a iow cafe, and such like. The execution was masterly, but they were ettan^e themes from the life for a young lady. Saying they were very clever, I handed the sketches back to Eunice, and from that day set myself to a closer ob servance of Mdlle. Rosalie. I allowed a month to pass, and then I asked Eunice how she was getting on with her studies in painting. *' Not very well, papa,' said Eunice. ': We have hardly hud one lesson— now 1 think of it, not even one. Mdlle. Rosalie has taken quite a dislike to painting; but she dresses hair beautifully '. ' I noticed then my daughter's hair, which, indeed, was beautifully dressed. A charming, sweet-tempered girl, eighteen years of age, Eunice from the first had never wavered in her praises of Mdlle. Rosalie. But for this and the fondness of my wife for the so-called governess, I doubt whether she would have remained in my house for any length of time, the results of my observation not being favourable to her. Befoie she entered our service I was given to understand that she was French ; and I became convinced, from evidence which she herself supplied, that she was English. Mademoiselle, therefore, being converted into Miss, Rosalie might quite as likely be Jane or Betsy, and Lenormand Smith or Jones. 1 ntroducing herself under false pretences in respect of her name and nationality, she must be capable of other duplicities, and consequently an unfit companion to my dear daughter. After some delibera tion I communicated my suspicions to my wife. ' You may be mistaken,' she remarked. ' I may be,' I replied ; ' but I dc not thick I am in this instance.' Now, ray wife is a gentle -mannered lady, absolutely without guile. Pure-minded herself, she believes in the purity of all who come in contact with her. Suspicion never enters her mind. She is ever ready to think the best of even thing aud everybody, and I never beard a word of \ scandal pass her lips. The rich hold her in esteem, the poor | idolise her. Association with a being so innocent and j charitable has sweetened my days. ' My dear.'' said my wife gently, ' women are the best judges of women.' ' Ot women's failings,' I said, correcting her out of my wisdom. 'Of women's virtues also,' said my wife. 'Consider, Richard ; have you seen anything in Mdlle. Rosalie's con duct of which you disapprove?' I did consider, and I could fix upon nothing definite : except the subject- matter of the pictures. I spoke of this. ' Mdllo. Rosalie,' said my wife, 'has explained all about them to me. She has had a hard life, Richard, and has been compelled to turn her talent as nn artist to profit able account. It meant bread-and-butter to her. The dealers wou d purchase only certain subjects of her, drawn from low life, 'or, rather, dear— not to be unjust — from a poorer life than ours.' This was a tender theme with my wife. Her heart was touched with a divine pity for the poor and lowly, and no arguments coujd induce her to condemn them for their coarseness. ?? Had we been born of parents such as theirs,' she was in the habit of saying. ' in places such as theirs, with sur roundings such as their.*, we should have been as they are.' In her presence theorists were dumb. 'So,' p.he continued, '.Mdlle. Rosalie had no option. How grateful we should be for the blessings we enjoy and for the evils we are spared ! Mdlle. Rosalie is above reproach ; she has come safely out of the fire of tempta tion and cruel suffering-. Eunice is deeply attached to her. She is an orphan, too, and her gratitude for the home she has found with us is boundless.' ' Well, well,' I said, feeling somewhat helpless; 'let it be as you wish.' ' Thank you, dear,' said my sweet wife. ' We will say nothing of this to Eunice: it would grieve her. And just now,' she added with a bright look, 'we must have no clouds.' It did not occur to me till afterwards— and then I would not reopen the matter— to inquire in what way Mdlle.. Rosalie's explanations concerning the pictures had come about- I inquired now of myself, and decided that it could not have been through the prompting of my wife or daughter ; therefore the prompting came from Mdlle. Rosalie. How or by what means ? Had she taken note of the feelings which an examination of her work had pro duced in me, and which I must have betrayed in my manner towards her; and had she adopted this course to disarm me and protect herself \ If ho, there must be something subtle in her nature, which must be guarded against. And yet, what cause was there for suspicion ? Was it not the height of folly to' worry oneself so without reason 'i After all, might I not be entirely mis taken ? Later in the day I met Mdlle. Rosalie's frank smile with a smile as frank. She seemed grateful for the response, for she raised my hands to her lips and kissed it ; and then, as though ashamed of herself for this ebullition of feeling, she turned and flf d. Chapter II.- A PROPOSAL OF MARRIAGE. My wife's words, ' And just now we have no clouds,' were an allusion to a joyful event which we were humanly certain would take place during the day. Within the last two years we had struck up a friendly acquaintanceship with a gentleman of independent fortune who lived a few miles from Boscombe Lodge, and on the morning of the foregoing conversation with my wife I received the follow ing note from him : — ?' My Dear Mu. Pardon, — Unless I receive a telegram from you to the effect that you will not be able to 6ee me, I shall do myself the pleasure of calling upon you at about 1 o'clock, to discuss a matter of thedeepest and tenderest in terest to both of us. With very kind regards to Mrs. and Miss Pardon and yourself, believe me, faithfully yours, 'Hastings Clanhonald.' There was no mistaking the purport of this letter. \Ve had long suspected that Mr. Clanronald's son, Harry, was in love with our daughter, aud it had formed the subject of many serious conversations between me and mv wife. Eunice's heart, we saw, was lost, and Harry's father was now coming to ask her hand for his son. A peculiar self consciousness on the part of Eunice convinced us that she had been informed by Harry of the impending interview. Loving she always was, but there was a clinging, pathetic tenderness in the morning caress, the meaning of which, -having read Mr. Clanronald's letter, was dear to me -as though she was pleading to me to place no bar to her happiness. It was a natural anxiety, but there were no grounds for it. Our Eunice's welfare was too dear to her mother and me that we should not— with some touch of heart-ache, i must confess— further her loving: wishes. To some extent we were responsible for consequences, for we fully approved of Harry Clanronald, and had not dis couraged his visits. He was a manly young- tellow, and appeared in every sense suitable for Eunice- Although two years ago his family and mine were strangers, we had. i Leon lor a exeat portion of that time on term6 of close j intimacy, and had contracted a mutual regard for each other. My only fear was that Harry would press for an early union, and I thought Eunice too young to commence the grave business of married life. My wife, however, combated this view, and reminded me that she was younger ' than Eunice by three months when we were wed. Argu- ' raents such as this, applying to others the rules we deem correct in our own persons, are seldom convincing-, but 1 allowed myself to be beguiled into the promise not to stipu late for a delay of more than a few months. At the appointed hour Mr. Clanronald came, and was warmly welcomed. In a private interview bptween us, the fathers of the young people, we soon arrived at an under standing that the projected union was suitable in every j respect ; but it was at my instigation, and not at the insri 1 gation of Mr. Clanronald, that the business aspect of the affair was postponed for future consideration. I had the best of masons for this postponement. 'There 'vill bo no difficulty, 1 presume,' said Mr. Clan ronald, «nd his eyes wandered, to the evidences of wealth by which I was surrounded. 'None whatever,' I replied. ' Eunice's great-uncle, whose heir I am. is absent from England, and it will be naturally ngreeable to him that he shall have a voice in the matter. He is very wealthy, and the postponement will be in the interests of (he young couple.' 'Quite so,' said Mr. Clanronald. ' I am prepared to do what is necessary and proper, and you will meet me in a like spirit ?' He put this in the form of a question, and I replied 'You may rest perfectly satisfied.' He expressed himself so. nnd then we went to join my wife and daughter at lunch. He shook hands cordiallv with my wife, and kissed Eunice, who knew by that sign that all was well. She blushed and trembled, and moved close to her mother, whose tenderness towards the dear child we were to lose was redoubled. We, the wen, did most of the talking during the menl ; my wife and daughter spoke scarce a word. Excited and eager, Harry Clanronald came in the even ing, and had an interview with Eunice, in which mutual love found expression. Happy, sacred hour ! Never, never to be forgotten in all the after life. Harry sfopped later than usual. Eunice had disap peared ; she was waiting in the garden for her lover. ' Good- night, Harry,' I said. ' You are a for tunate young fellow to have won tbe love of our darling child.' ' I am the happiest man in the world, sir.' said Harry. 'You may trust her safely to me; 1 will prove myself worthy of your confidence in her love.' Joy and sadness are strangely mingled on such occa sions. Parents wistfully recall the sweet reminiscences of the child life which illumined the past, aud touched the hours with golden light. Memory lingers upon the solemn bridge, beyond which they 6ee a little bed, with a flushed face sleeping in a frame of sunny curls, and from beyond which floats the prattle of a voice melodious as heavenly music. '1 he bright eyes look up into their own; the slender form, in its dress of snowy white, kneels by th« bedside ; the shadows gather round it ; the little hands are clasped in prayer. Alas ! the loving guardianship is com ing to an end, and the dear one is going to the arms of another, for weal or woe. My wife and I shed some natural tears at the impending separation, but we were grateful thnt Eunice's affections were fixed upon a man of sterling honour. On the following day Eunice informed me that she had promised Mdlle. Rosalie that she should remain with n» till the day of the wedding ; and, moreover, had promised that her governess should be one of her bridesmaids. 1 would rather not have had it so, but I had not the heart to cross Eunice's wishes at such a happy time of her life as this. ' What does Harry say to it ?' I asked. ' Harry says yes to everything,' replied Eunice, with delicious emphasis. ' He is enchanted with her. And what do you think, papa ? She is going to make mv wed ding dress !' ' A dressmaker as welllj' I exclaimed. ' She is a para gon, this Mdlle. Rosalie of yours !' ' Indeed she is, papa.' ' She can do everything, it seems,' I said, ' except teach languages and painting.' ' I don't want them now, papa.' ' Of course not — now that you have Harry.' ' Yes» papa,' said Eunice with perfect seriousness, 1 pinched her cheek. ' What if the dress shouldn't fit, my dear .'' ' O, but it will, papa. Mdlle. Rosalie declares it snail, and it will be made weeks and weeks beforehand !' If anything could have induced me to hasten the wed ding day it would have been the thought that we should be the sooner rid of a woman to whom, despite the glowing eulogiuins of my wife and daughter, I had taken an un accountable dislike— unaccountable for the reason that 1 could find no just cause for the feeling she had: inspired. I did not attach importance to the fact that Mdlle. Rosalie was at some pains to obtain direct from me and my wife the ratification of the promise made to her by Eunice Whether the events which led to my peril- a peril as deep as that in which mortal man could possibly be placed— would, but for this promise, have taken a different course in my favour I cannot say, because the testimony against me came from both friend and foe; but it would have been better for me if Mdlle. Rosalie, on the day of rov daughter's engagement, had turned her back on my house for ever. Chapter III.— A AVHIFF OF WOOD- VIOLET. 1 must make mention of a peculiarity in my habits to which 1 have been subject from my earliest remembrance. I am a somnambulist. It is not my purpose to enter into any discussion of this fruitful theme; I am simply record ing those facts which bear relation to my strange story. Often in my youthful days was I followed bymynurae and relatives in the night, while I was walking in my sleep, and carefully watched, in order that I should not come to harm. The idea was— and I believe is— tnat danger would ensue to a somnambulist if he is suddenly awakened during his wanderings. In other words, that his return to full consciousness must be the result of natural cause* ; and whether this is or is not the case, those who had the care of me did not run any ri-ks by violent action. My wanderings wero gene'rally of a harmless kind, and some times afforded merriment, as on occasions when I made my way to the larder and helped myself to the good things j deposited there. But there was one occasion when my wanderings took a more serious turn. * j I slept on the second floor of a semi-detached house. In j the adjoining house resided a man— a widower when I first i became acquainted with him — with a* little daughter, j between whom and myself some innocent love-making took place. The father of this little girl, whose name was Elsie, married again, and the stepmother was not kind to the child. Indeed, when the father was absent Irom home Elsie was cruelly treated by this woman, and 1 used to hear her cries through the wall which divided the two houses. Elsie slept also on the second tioor, in the room adjoining mine, and when she was beaten in the night I could hear her appeals for mercy very clearly. These sounds greatly distressed me, and my child mind was exercised as to the means by which I could rescue my little sweetheart from the torture to which she was sub jected, un one occasion uu&mess; took the father from liis home for two or three weeks, and during this time Elsie's undeserved punish ment—I was sure it was unde served — was sharper, and moro frequently administered. She showed me the marks of the blows on her skin, and I remember crying excitedly : 'I will kill her! I will kill ber! '' I remember, also, Elsie's grave; reply '.o the effect that it was very, very wrong to kill people, because, as she (frum a niorsit point of view) illog'.cally added, yon would get hanged for it. The killing business was therefore set aside, the consequence being too awful io contemplate, and we decided instead that we would run away to-morrow when the clock struck 12\. Where we should run to was not decided; why we should take our flight in broad daylight was not explained ; how we should exist was not considered. We were placidly satisfied that the mere fact of running away when the clock struck 12 would be a crushing blow to the hard-hearted stepmother, and that from that moment Elsie's life and mine would be a life of happiness. On that night it was that my little sweetheart's cries pierced my mind while I was sleeping, and i unconsciously rose, with the in tention of going to her rescue. I had secreted under my pillow the crusts of two slices of bread which 1 had saved from my tea, a proof that I was not entirely thoughtless of the future; and as I was going now to Elsie, I took these crusts with me. It hap pened that those about me were less watchful than usual, and thus I succeeded in creeping, un observed, to the top of our house, where a short ladder lending to a trap-door in the roof enabled me to reach a similar door in the ad joining house, which I found un locked. It was a dark night, and my enterprise was full of dan gers ; but sleep-walkers are like cats, and can walk safely on (he edge of a precipice. I 'succeeded in raising the door in the roof, and in total darkness, felt my way down the stairs, guided doubtless by the little maid's cries for help and mercy. Dashing into the ? room in which the torture was being inflicted, I threw the crusts of bread to Elsie for comfort, and, springing upon the cruel woman, tore at her and beat her so that she in turn, probably more frightened than hurt, screamed loudly for assistance. By this time iny own people were aroused, and, obtaining entrance into the adjoining house, bore me away to my room. The description I have given of this incident is not, of course, drawn from my own observation. When I awoke in the morning, I had no knowledge or recollection of what had occurred, and I gathered the particulars from those who were interested in them. My bedroom door was found open, and I not in bed ; the two trap doors in the roofs were open, pro claiming the means by which I left one house and obtnincd entrance fo the other ; Elsie drew vivid pictures of my actions when I rushed into her bedroom and sprang upon her stepmother ; and my own people supplied the rest. The adventure made a great im pression, and was long remembered and spoken of, and from the day of its occurrence I was more care fully watched at home. Upon me it left, perhaps, a deeper im pression than upon others, and in after life I often thought of it, I was not a passionate or a vindic tive man ; very rarely indeed did I allow anger to master me ; and I may truly declare that my nature was more inclined to gentleness than to violence. How was it, then, that upon ihis occar pion I should have behaved more like a wild beast than a human being? for this is what I was given to undei stand by all the witnesses of the affair. Elsie said, 'O Dick, you were dread ful; your eyes blazed!' My guardians, instead of pitying or sympathising with me, reproved me, and gave me long lectures upon the passions ; and the step mother swore that if help had not arrived she would have been !R^nurdered. My fingers, she ?v.ajre,rred, were fixed in her throat -, ,,-po. , viciously that she could not ,™J'fiWoYe., them, and in another imnuro she would have befin strangled. JNevcr atterwaras, in my-sleeping- or waking hours, was a charge of violent or inien^erate^baponr brought against me ; but if the ? current Ter'Mons of. the incident weie true, there was, i ???«* iieStifngwitHm^d/s'ome instinct of savagery which needed ^^Kr/ff^titih^'-iniiJGntivyto leap into life. 1 o such a man as o*rf raglfflechW'cibtiHl nb'/'be otherwise than distressing. r'''Wh'§niflask-ea The'£o'oa wpinan I married to become my wifgT'tefatea'flifA tnVjffM'of' fny child-life to licr. She ^?tttfde'Iigot OTlyaird I lufalc.it'!«rajs chiefly through her en .TebarfttfbineH't't^a'fJn'e ^ aijve'niure was known in my bousc !li BWai^'''MyriahugUter:'.-l .appears,' '{fesi'ri.bcd it to Mdlle. il!rR- feaneTi£ ;tt1dWerfifafcii|f5icjchV and tflp wdnan or multifa lv^fi^''&c6mpTTCnnient8;''treAsureol it' in' 'her', wind. During '?' m^bpTl^i^feortffstniUulis^c Jropensities occasionally broke -WtfbiitttieV'Wpre'atwayf Lof the most fcaraless Jnnd,, and 1 *?*$&$ to^gaMfteTfri^s of small moment. Shortly, how ever, after the engagement of Eunice and Barry, I was greatlv disturbed by an incident to which 1 could attach no satisfactory explanation. My wife told me that she woke jn the night, and I was not by her side. She was about to rise and seek me, whon I entered the room, undressed my self, and lay down in bed, being all the time in a sound sleep. ' I have no remembrance,' I said, ' of going anj' where, or doint: anything.' ' You never have,' remarked my wife. ' But how comes it that I was dressed Y' I asked. ' You must have dressed yourself while you were asleep,' she replied. 'When you 'came into the. room you ap peared to be perfectly happy, for you were smiling ; and | you broke out into a little laugh now and then.' \ ' It is very annoying,' I observed, '? 1 wish to Heaven I could break myself of the stupid habit. Why, I might have transmitted it to Eunice.' '? It is a mercy,' said my wife in a gay tone, ' that you have not. Eunice never slirs in her sleep.' ' 1 wish,' I exclaimed, ' that they had thrown a bucket of cold water over me when I was a chiid. It might have cured me.' ' It might have killed you,' said my wife gravely. 'It is too lrtt-3 now to fret over it, Richard.' 'Ithoi.ld IjoI mind.' I said, 'if I could ren.ember where I pro to, or what I do; but all is a blank.' We stroke of other matters, and went down to breakfast. After the meal my wife and I strolled into the garden, and spent an idle hour there. My daughter and Mdlle. Rosalie were in the grounds, and Samuel Fleetwood made his appearance to give me a repoit of some task that I had set him to do. When he came towards me I was conversing with Mdlle. Rosalie, my wife and Eunice being at a little distance, and I left my daugbter'6 governess io join him. j Ce:lainJy, my mood was a peculiar one on this morning, for the 'short conversation I had with Mdlle. Rosalie left an uncomfortable impression upon me. And yet nothing was sr.oken by her or me to account for it ; we had con versed upon ordinary matters, but there was in Ler manner a confiding tenderness — I can think of no other words in which to describe it — which was new aud stiange to me. After hearing Fleetwcod's repoit I referred to simething I hp.d observed as he approached me and Mdlle. Rosalie. She Lad nodded to him, with a pleasant smile en her lips, and he had returned neither the nod nor the smile. I inquired the reason. | ' I do not like her, sir,' he said, after a pause. j ' For any particular reason ': ' I asked. ' No, sir,' he replied, after another short pause. I knew that he was not a tittle tattler, and that he was devoted heart and soul to my interests; I knew him also to be a just man. That he* had some cause for suspicion ! against Mdlle. Rosalie was evident, but it was quite as ; evident that he did not consider the grounds for this i suspicion sufficiently tangible for a direct accusation. In j these circumstances I debated with myself whether I had j any right to question him further. Strictly speaking, I j had not, but I allowed my own dislike to Mdlle. Rosalie, and my anxiety for Eunice, who was to a certain extent under her domination, to tamper with my sense of fair- : ness. | 'If you know anything concerning Mdlle. Rosalie,' I j said, ' which you think I should be acquainted with, you , cuarht to communicate it to me.' ' I ' There is really nothing of importance, sir,' was Fleet- ' wood's reply, ' and what 1 feel towards her may spring from prejudice.' ' Speak more plainly, Fleetwood,' I urged. 'Well, sir,' he said, 'in tie first place she is not a Frenchwoman.' ' I discovered that eonie time since,' I observed. There was a look of surprise in his eyes as he said, ' But her rame is French aud is not that of a married woman.' ' Quite true, Fleetwood. Her father may have been French.' j ' May have been, sir,' he remarked, repeating my words with emphasis. ' Then be is not livinjr ? ' 'Mdlle. Rosalie is doubly orphaned,' I said.. 'Come, come, Fltetwood, we may be doing the young lady an in justice in canvassing her so freely behind her back.' ' You are right, sir, as you always are. I am vcrysorrj I spoke.' ' But,' I persisted, ' havinjr gone fo far, we may Le adding to the injustice by not currying this conversation to its legitimate end. We cannot be too careful of reputations*. Jsay what is in your mind.' ' Very well, sir. Mdlle. Rosalie has no parents, but she has relations ?' ' I think not, Fleetwood.' ' No sisters or brothers, sir r' ' So I understand. She is alone in the world, with not a soul to depend upon, except ourselves.' ' Did she tell you so, 6ir?' ' She told Mrs. Pardon so.' ' Then the man she meets, sir,' said Fleetwood, ' is not a relation ?' ' I was not aware,' I 6aid, ' that Mdlle. Eosalie was in the habit of meeting any man ; but. after all, it is no affair of ours.' 'No, sir.' 'Go on, Fleetwood: you had best finish. Are these meetings frequent V ' Very frequent, I should say, sir. I have passed them. by accident, at least half-a-dozen times.' ' How long has this been going on :' ' It is four months since.I first saw them.' I reflected. Mdlle. Rosalie had been in our sen-ice onlv five months, and it was generally understood, through her own state ments, (hat she was a stranger in the neighbourhood and had no friends or acquaintances. Here, then, was another duplicity to trouble and perplex me. ' Where do these meetings take place, Fleetwood?' ' In Ivybush Lane, sir.' Ivybush Lane was, perhaps, the most secluded part of the locality roundabout; but if Mademoiselle Rosalie and bor friend were lovers, was it not natural that they should meet in a spot where they were least likely to be intruded upon ': We are (oo prone to con demn, I thought.' 'I here was really nothing- in Fleet wood's com munication (hat could not be satis factorily explained. ' And at what hour, in ycur observation,' I asked, 'do they meet r' ?' Always at night, sir, when there is no moon.' ' You are quite sure,' I said, somewhat startled, ' that you are not misguided by prejudice V' ' I speak of facts, sir, not im pressions.' ' You have impressions- but of course you have ; it is ridiculous to ask such a question. What I mean is, that your impressions are not favourable to Mdlle. Rosalie V' *' They are not, sir. If she has a sweetheart, what reason can there be for so much secrecy '{ When I have approached them — and I beg you to believe that I have always come across them by accident— they have stopped talking and have shrunk away from observation, the man especi ally. Once I am certain they were quarrelling.' ' A lovers' quarrel, Fleetwood.' 'Perhaps, sir; but it didn't sound like it. They seemed to be threatening each other. That is all I have to tell, sir.' ' Have you met the man at other times, when he was alone :' ' I can't say, sir. I never saw his face ; he seemed to take great pains to hide it from me.' ' You are positive it was Mdlle. Rosalie, and not another lady i' ' I am positive, sir.'. ' One more question; Elcetwood. Ivybush Lane is a lonely spot which one would not traverse for pleasure on darksome nights. Whut took you there 5r' 'It is near the graveyard, sir, where my wife is buried.' His voice trembled with emotion. I pressed his hand. ' Let us keep this to ourselves,' I said presently. ' It will be the wisest course. When my daughter is married Mdlle. Rosalie will leave our service.' At this moment, as Fleetwond was about to leave me, Eunice danced up to us. It was a pleasure to look upon her bright face, beaming as it was with happiness. Love's summer was hers; her life was filled with heavenly joy. In her hand she held two posies. 'Mdlle. Rosalie arranged them,' she said. ' She has the most ex - quisite taste. One for you, papa ; and one for you, Mr. Fleetwood.' Neither sbe nor my wife ever addressed him as an ordinary ser vant. He accepted the posy re luctantly. A gift from the hands of Eunice would have delighted him; but this from Mdlle. Rosalie I saw was repugnant to him. ' Sne has been speaking in such praise of you, Mr. Fleetwood!'' continued Eunice. ' You have quite won her heart. ? You ought to be proud ; she is so sweet and good. Papn,' she said, as we walked a little aside from Ffpot wood, 'you have a perfume about you ; have you been scenting your self *r' ' No, my darling-,' 1 said, laughing at the question. ' But, now you mention it, I have had the fancy myself that there was something more fragrant than usual about me this morn ing.' I sniffed up, and Eunice followed my example merrily, ' I know what it is, papa,' she said suddenly ; ' it is wood-violet. That is Mdlle. Rosalie's favourite perfume.' ' Indeed, Eunice,' I said ; ' I was not aware of it. Somebody has been sprinkling it upon me, I suppose. There, run away. Fleetwood, I want you to go into the town for me and get me some books ; I made out the list last night.' Fleetwood, at my summons, came to. my side, and I put my hand into the breast- pocket of my coat for the list 1 had written. I drew it out, with something soft— a lady's handkerchief, from which floated the faint perfume, of wood- violet. As I held the handkerchief, in some astonishment, in my hand, wondering how it could have got into my pocket, my eyes lighted upon a name em broidered in a corner of the delicate trifle — the name of Rosalie. Involuntarily the handkerchief fell from my | hand, and fluttered to the ground, and, before I had time to stoop and pick it up, Mdlle. Rosalie darted forward, and, seizing it. thrust it hastily into her rocket. ' Thank you,' she said softly ; ' thank you so much.' She tripped away, and Fleetwood, taking the list which I mechanically held out to him, walked thoughtfully from the garden, his head Lent upon his breast. It was this incident of Mdlle. Bosalie's handkerchief which caused me so much discomfiture. 1 had no remem brance whatever of placing it there. Chapter IV.-WE RECEIVE A VISITOR. Living in some style, as may be gathered, from what I have already narrated, it may be supposed that I was rich. 1 was not. 'l raid no lent for the house in which we re sided, neither was it mine; and the money which suppoitrd it came not from my own resources. I will briefly desciilr the peculiar nature of my private affairs. My father, for some years of his life on opulent man, lust 1 his fortune when I was very young, partly through the treachery of u friend, partly tlirou--;li unwise speculation, and from the day 01 hi* ruin was dependent upon his wife's brother, a gentleman of srreat wealth. Mr. Wihnot was at once generous and eccentric. lie never had any great idea of my father's business capacities; and it is doing him no injustice to say that he was self willed and obstinate, and that he entertained the idea that he should be not only a law unto himself, but to other people as well. It was through his assistance that my father extricated himself honourably from his business difficulties, and when they were settled my uncle refused to ro- establish him. ' lou shall live a life of ease and happiness,' said Mr. Wilniot, ''and shall run no more risks.' To this end he promised my father an income sufficiently large to maintain the social standing to which he had been accustomed. The promise was faithfully kept. At the end of every six months a sum was placed in the bank to my father's en dit, in fulfilment of the arrangement ; and Mr. Wilniot, who was and who remained a bachelor, gave us to understand that at his death we should inherit the whole of his wealth.' Neither of my parents lived long to enjoy the life of luxurious case for which Mr. Wiltuot's generosity provided, and I, their only child, remained the sole recipi ent of his kindness. lie paid liberally for my support and education, and it was with his concurrence that I became engaged to the lady 1 married. On that occasion he pur chased the little estate in Sevenoaks, to which 1 took my wife, and devised it to me in his will, which iii»do me also his sole heir. Therefore, as will be seen, I was entirely dependent upon him during his lifetime. There are men who would have found the position irk some : probably my father did. I must confess that 1 did not. No fears disturbed lucthat, by some freak on the part of my uncle, or by displeasintr him, 1 might find myself suddenly beggared — for to this condition it was in Mr. Wilniot' 3 power to reduce me by a stroke of his pen. At the time of my daughter's engagement Mr. Wihnot was absent from England, and I had no means of placing myself in communication with him. His habits of life were a sufficient indication of the eccentricity of his character. He lived a life of absolute seclusion, so far as we were con c.raed, who would have gladly welcomed him in our home and rejoiced to receive long and frequent visits from him. We owed all we possessed to him ; and the unselfishness of his genemsity ensured for him the highest meed of respect and esteem. But we saw him very seldom ; and, indeed, for the last three years had seen him. not at all. He was passionately fond of travel, and was in the habit of making long disappearances. During these periods it was his whim to be troubled by no correspondence whatever, either from his friends or business agents. He wrote to them from time to time, but never gave an address, nor would he consent to receive replies from them except upon matters he deemed of the highest private importance. All letters for him were addressed, by request, to a firm of lawyers in London, who conducted his affairs, and there they accumulated until his return home. On the day that Mr. Clanronald asked of me the hand of Eunice for his son, I wrote to these lawyers, saying that 1 had something of interest to communicate to Mr. Wilmot, and that I should feel obliged to them if they A'ould give me his address. Their reply was to the effect that they had received strict instructions from their client to give his address abroad to no person whatever, and that they could make no exception in my favour. I wrote again, asking if I sent a letter, to Mr. Wilmot under cover to. them, whether they would forward it to him. They replied ; that here again the instructions under which they acted were 60 strict and peremptory that they could not depart from them. All letters which they received for Mr. Wilmot were dropped in sealed boxes, of which he had the keys. ' Once more 1 wrote, inquiring whether they were expecting Mr. Wilmot's return home, nnd within what_ time. In reply they stited that they did not know when' he would return. Nothing was lelt for me to do but1 to write to Mr. Wilmot, acquainting him with the fact of my daughter's engagement, and giving him every informa tion in my power of the standing and character of the family into which she . was about to marry. In thisletter 1 made a delicate reference to the subject of settlements; nnd said that in my interview with Mr. Clanronald I had. been compelled to ask for a postponement of this branch of the .matter until my uncle returned to England. I' despatched my letter to the lawyers, with a sense of intense dissatisfaction at the idea that it would be dropped in a sealed box, and would be leud by my uncle heaven knew when. Plainly speaking, this eccentric conduct on the part of my uncle was at this juncture terribly perplexing. Living us* we were living, with the evidences of wealth around u*f there Lad hitherto been no necessity for the disclosure of my circumstances, which hitherto had concerned none but ourselves. Now it was different. Were my uncle in England, I had not the least doubt that everything would Ln satisfactorily arranged without an exposure ; he himself had thrown out hints of my daughter's future prospects in the event of her marrying during his lifetime, and my mind . was easy on the point. But in my uncler6 absence, it . seemed as if the engagement were at a standstill, and sis if Eunice's happiness depended entirely upon his en at ic move ments. However, there was nothing for it but patience, and I summoned it to my aid. My wife did nut share my. uneasiness. ' After all, Richard,' she said, ' your wish that our Eunice shall not be married for a year or so may be fulfilled. I do not greatly regret it myself, though if your uncle wore at home 1 should not object tt- an early marriage.' Her calmer method of meeting ihe dilliculty bad if p soolli ing etfect upon riiq, but, nevertheless, it was with u fooling -if joy that, one morning, :»moiijr my letters, 1 recognised the handwriting of Mr. Wilmot. liis letter, which I iv-.-id with eagerness and anxiety, was addressed from Norway, mid in it 1 received the welcome intelligence that we might expect liis return to Knglnnd within three months from the date, of |ii- writing. This informal ion enabled mo to give a saiis 1'nfttory un-w«?r to Mr. Clauronald, who, in the course of.tho il.iy, made an indirect reference to the uncompleted business nf'iiiy daughter's settlements. It was not the first time I lint ho. had made such a reference, iind hitherto I had always experienced a feeling of awkwardness, in meeting it. Now' I was quits at my ease. ' I. have received a letter,' Isaid, 'from Mr. Wilmot, who is at present in Norway, and within three months all will bo arranged.' 'Mr. Wilmot?' said Mr. Clanronald, in a tone of inquiry ; and it was only then it struck me that I had never mentioned my uncle's name before to him —there being, indeed, no special reason for it. -l Sly mother's brother,' I said, 'who has made .the. most handsome promises in respect of Eunice's future.' ' Yes, yes !' said Mr. Clanronald, and seemed to ponder upon the name, and not with pleasure, but nothing more was said. My uncle's letter contained something which I then regarded as of small importance, but which, in the near future, was destined to bring about the peril of my life. It was included in tbe following words : ' Very soon after my return to England it is my intention to pay you a visit at Boscombe Lodge, and to trespass upon y-iur 'hospitality fora fewday6. Meanwhile you can confer Jin obligation upon me. I have given Mr. Leonard Mort lo-»k, a young gentleman in whom I take a deep interest, nnd who for three months has been my companion in my. travels, a letter of introduction to you, which he will pre vent in person. I wish him to become acquainted with jou and your family : I . wish you tn make a friend of him. An 7* social courtesies and kindness which you can 6how him I shall regard as extended to myself. You will find him an agreeable and charming person, and it will afford mo pleasure to learn that the association has been mutually pleasant.' The request, which cou!d not have been more distinctly conveyed, was to me and my wife a law, and we decided that when Mr. Leonard Morrlock made his appe.irance we would ask him to make our house his home for awhile. j»Iv wife set about at once making the necessary prepara tion-, and a sitting-room and a bedroom were put in order for the expected visitor. We had ample accommodation at «-ur disposal, there being at least half-a-dozcn spare rooms jn our house. Eunice assisted to make the preparations, and we were all in a state of agreeable expectation, de-. lighted at the opportunity of doing something in return for M r. Wilmot's great generosity. Two days af icr the receipt of my uncle's letter Mr. Mortlock &ent; in his card, and was war nil y welcomed. lie whs a man of good education, agreeable manners, and smooth speech ; and we judged his age to be thirty. From liis conversation it was clear that he had seen a great deal 'of the world ; and when 1 invited him to stay wjth us as long as ho wished to remain in the neighbournood. he accepted ihe invitation with cordiality. Nothing, of course, was said by us as to the duration of his visit. I looked upon him as much my uncle's guest as ours, and he was welcome to remain as long as it suited his convenience and pleasure. ' He was soon at his ease with us, and we with him. My wife prononcced him to be a gentleman, and I concurred'; Mdlle. Rosalie said that he was ''delightful,' and was not backward in thowin'j him attention. 'He has travelled everywhere,' said MJile. lto.-alie ; 'he knows everything.' And she ventured the remark that it did a man gcod to travel and see the world ' before he settled down.' This, I perceived, did not meet with Eunice's approval, whose thoughts were instantly directed towards her lover Harry Clanronald. She was quite satisfied that he should ' settle down' before he travelled and saw the world. She said as much to me. ?'Yea, my dear,' I said ;.' you are right in your way, and perhaps Mdlle. Rosalie is right in here.' She did not see this, however. ' My way is the right way, papa,' she said, with a tender smile. 'It is so much better to travel and see the world together.' ' As you and Harry will,' I remarked. She nodded, with bright eyes. '* But you must not remain away from us too long, Eunice. You 'are all we have to love.' ' You shall make little U ips with up,' she said — ' you and mamma.' ' Yes,' I said fondly, my arm round her waist, 'after the honeymoon.' Which caused her to run from the room, blushing. Mr. Mortlock had much to tell us of Mr. Wilmot, whom he evidently knew belter than we did. lie dilated upon my uncle's uniform kindness and consideration for others, upon his 6ound opinion of men and things, upon his ripe judgment, and incidentally, upon his strength of character. ' Wkat I admire in him,' said Mr. Mortlock, ' is, that once having taken a certain view, once having resolved upon a certain course, he is not to be turned from it by any argu ments that can be advanced against it.' ln my mind I considered this characteristic of which Mr. Mortlock approved as a sign of a dogmatic nature ; but I did not discuss it with my guest. It was not for me to cast even a shadow of disapproval upon anything my uncle and benefactor did, and certainly not to argue such a subject with a comparative Btranger. During the week a small matter somewhat ruffled me. I was taking the letters out of the post-bag, preparatory to sending them to the post office by the hands of Samuel Fleet wood, when Mr. Mort lock said : ' I beg your pardon. I have dropped a letter by mistake into the bag.' There were not more than six or seven in all, and Mr. Mortlock, selecting the one to~which he referred, took it from tbe little pile, and put it into his pocket. It was quite by accident that I saw it was addressed to my unc'.e. Sir. Mortlock, I concluded, was acquainted with my uncle's address, of which I was kept ignorant, and was in com munication with him, whereas I was debarred from the privilege. It was, as I have said, a small matter, but it ruffled me. Our relative positions should have given me the ulvantage in my unclo's confidence, but this advantage was held by another, who surely could not be so close to him as I was. It was, of course, in my power to ask Mr. Mortlock to give me the address; but it seemed to me as if the asking of such a simple question would be a violation of my uncle's wishes, and 1 therefore refrained. I con soled myself with the reflection that time was waning fast, and that my uncle would soon be home. Time, indeed, was flying;. Two months had elapsed since Mr. Mortlock set foot in our house, and he evinced no inclination' to put an end to his visit. Not in the remotest manner could I give him a hint upon the subject. It would have been a breach of hospitality ; and yet I felt .that his visit had been unduly prolonged. I did not feel at my ease, nor did my wife and daughter. There were rea sons for this discomfort. First, it appeared to me that Mr. Mortlock was too strongly attracted towards Eunice. His attentions to her were marked by a tenderneSs which was not agreeable to her or us. There had been nothing concealed from him. He knew that Eunice and Harry Clanronald were engaged, and he could not but see that they were devotedly attached to each other. Was it, then, the conduct of an honourable _rpan to introduce a discordant element into this engagement ? True, . Mr. Mortlock might plead his growing love for Eunice as an excuse ; but it would have been nobler in him to have accepted the situation, and to have bidden us farewell.' ' Instead of this, he allowed him self to be unconsciously beguiled by his feeliugs into paying her attentions, the meaning of which could scarcely be' mistaken. Or was it premeditated on h:s part? Whichever was the right construction, this unexpected and unforeseen demonstration was the cause of something more than embarrassment. Should I speak and rcnion- : strat'e with Mr. Mortlock ? Even in the event of my so deciding, I should have been at a loss how to approach : the subject ; my dutiet as host added to the difficulty, and - my uncle's letter seemed to effectually stop the way. I : read this letter over and over again, and each time it impressed itself more strongly upon me that if I offended .Mr. Leonard Mortlock, or wounded his feelings, my uncle would take it as personal to himself. The interests at slake wire too important to run this risk; and, in delibera tion with my wife, we could arrive nt but one conclusion — tluit we must wait for my uncle's presence to resolve the difficulty. This was our attitude; but we could not control the attitude of Eunice and Hurry. Eunice took.cvery puins to avoid Mr. Mortlock; and had he been cither an obser vant or a fair-minded man it would have beeu impossible for him to mistake her meaning. But he exhibited no consciousness of it, and hec avoidance of him did not cause him to abandon (hose marks of attention which were so ' distasteful to her. Harry Clanronald's jealousy was openly demonstrated, and the two men, who, during the early part of Mr. Mortlock's visit, were in frequent friendly associa tion, now seldom exchanged a word. I must say that Mr. Mortlock toofc this in good part, and that, so far as outward appearances went, his demeanour continued to be cheerful and well- bred, while Harry was sullen and occasionally offensive; and as nothing seemed to disturb Mr. Mort lock's equanimity, Harry was placed at a conspicuous dis advantage in this antagonism. I cautioned Harry. ' I cannot help it, sir,' said the young fellow ; ' and cannot you see how it distresses Eunice? If he were not your guest I would teach him a lesson he would not easilv forget.' ' Violence is always to be deplored,' I said, ' and avoided if possible. If he wero not my guest this would not continue.' ' Well, sir,' said Harry ingenuously, ' why not give him a plain hint to go ?' ' There are circumstances,' I replied, ' which render this impossible. Mr. Mortlock is partaking of my hospi tality at another's bidding, and grave consequences might ensue if I offended him.' ' Grave consequences !' exclaimed Harry. ' To whom ?' ' To me— to Eunice— to you.' ' Not to me !' said Harry hotly. ' I repudiate him and his acts at such a ccst us this.' ' Be patient, 'my boy,' I remonstrated ; ' you do not know what depends upon the friend of whom you speak. He will soon be here, and then everything will be set ! right.' i *' It teems as if everything depended upon him,' ob served Harry, whom my endeavours were powerless to soothe ; ' your future— Eunice's— mine ! ' ' To a great extent you are right. Now, Harry, say no. more; there are matters which 1 cannot at present explain to you.' ' I must say this, s-ir.' said Harry, with a lofty air, and I could not but admire the young fellow, ' my future de pends upon no one but myself, and Eunice's future is mine. As for the rest, I must confess myself very much in the dark; but I will try to obey you.' . 'Thank vou, Harrv; but I must extract a promise from you.' ' What is it, sir? Don't make it too hard.' ' Voi must not openly quarrel with Mr. Mortlock.' 'I'll not promise that for ever. sir. lou must fix a time.' ' For two months, at all events.' ' Too lonpr, sir ! make it one.' For the life of me, having no other belief but that in a little while we should be clear of the difficulty, I could not help laughing at tnid bargaining. ~f-. ''- ' Make it six weeks, Harry.' ~' ' All right, sir ; six weeks.' - 'Meanwhile,'! said, 'you have everything to make you happy. Eunice loves you truly, and presently, my boy, she will be all yours.' The cloud passed from his fa&j;, and he ran to join Eunice. Another reason for my discomfort was the behaviour of Mdlle. Rosalie. Between her and Mr. Mortlock some kind of confidence seemed to be established of which I could not approve, and yet 1 could fix upon nothing which would warrant open censure. They were much together; but this should have pleased me, as diverting his attention fiom Eunice. I had grown, however, to regard both Mr. Mort lock and Mdlle. Rosalie as inimical to ray peace of mind, and 1 looked upon their close and certainly pleasant asso ciation as an augury of ill. Had there been any conceal ment on their pafte I might have taken some action, but there was none ; Mdlle. Rosalie spoke constantly in Braise of Mr. Mortlock, and he spoke constantly in praise of 'her. 'A lady born and bred,' he confided to me ; 'fitted to grace any station. Miss Eunice is fortunate in possessing such a companion and adviser.' It used to be Miss Pardon; it was now Miss Eunice. On one occasion, inJeed, in addressing her, ho called her simply Eunice, and in reply to her look of astonishment at the familiarity said, in his pleasanlesl and most agreeable manner— ' Pardon me. I never think of you but as Eunice.' ' Papa,' said Eunice afterwards to me, ' I am beginning to hate Mr. Mortloek ! ' CiiAiTEii Y.-SHADOWS GATHER ROUND US. There iirrived another letter from Mr. Wilmot, convoy ing the welcome intelligence that he would be with us in the course of the ensuing week. 'Now,' I said joyfully to my wife, ' our troubles are coming to an end.' I expected that she would respond in a like manner, and it surprised me to see a grave look in her eyes. The dominant influence in a household often proceeds from the gentlest spirit therein. This was the case in our home, of which my dear wife was the sweet and peaceful ruler. To such an extent did this influence prevail that the sweet woman gave colour sometimes even to our moods and thoughts. It was so now ; the grave look in my wife's eyes was instantly reflected in my own. ' I am not one to meet troubles half way,' she said, in explanation; ' but it is a.% well to be prepar ed.r* ' Yes, my love,' I said. ' What are you about to speak of?' ' Of your . uncle and Mr. Mortlock,' replied my wife. lC I should like to say what is in my mind concerning them.' 'Speak freely,' I said. 'There have never been any concealments between us, and there should be none now when a happy event is approaching.' ' It has been in my mind for some little time past, but 1 was not sure, and, indeed, am not sure now. Your uncle says nothing in either of his letters of Eunice's engage ment.' ' He cannot be aware of it. My letter to him, written on the day the engagement was entered into, remains, I am afraid, unopened in his lawyer's office in London.' 'There appears to be a close intimacy between him and Mr. Mortlock.' ' Yes, my dear, and I am sorry to think so.' 'It would not surprise me to learn that it is an affection ate intimacy. His first letter and the terms in which Mr. Mortlock speaks of him are almost an assurance of this. Whether I am right or wrong in my surmise, vour uncle certainly has a very high opinion of Mr. Mortlock.' ' Which now,' I said, ' is not shared by me.' -' Nor by me, I regret to say.' I knew it pained her to make the admission; it was a grief to her to think ill of any person. ' Does it occur to you, Richard, that your uncle had any special object in asking us so strongly to make a friend of Mr. Mortlock V' 'No,' I replied. ' I am glad to hear you say that ; but think. Bring our dear Eunice into the question.' ' . ? I divined her trouble immediately. 'You think that he had her in view when he asked us to make Mr. Mortlock welcome in our home.' - 'It is my fear,' said my wife. I reflected. The suggestion had never occurred to me, but with every passing moment of time it gathered weight now that my wife had mentioned it. ' It is possible,' I said gloomily. 'It is more than possible, Richard ; it is probable, and Mr. Mortlock's behaviour seems to favour it' ' Supposing that to have been my uncle's intention,' 1 said, 'you think that Mr. Mortlock must be aware of it.' ' I think so. Richard.' T ' But would not my uncle have mentioned it in his first letter to me?' I asked, casting about for an escape. ?* Scarcely. Ho would say to himself, ? Let the young people meet and know each other. If they are mutually attracted, everything shall be arranged when I reach home.'' 'But they arc not mutually attracted,' I said fretfully. '? There has been nothing but discomfort for some weeks past. 1 wish Mr. Mortlock had never entered our door?. It has been ns much as I rould do to prevent nn open quarrel between him and Harry. Having been told of the engagement, having seen for himself how truly Eunice xnd Harry love each other, his conduct lias been base— base and ungcntlemanly. Eunice's bearing toward* lain should surely have convinced him fliut he has no hope.' ' To persevere as ho has persevered,' said my wife, with somewhatmore emphasis than it was her habit to im port into her speech, ' seems to me a proof that he places reliance upon some promise which Mr. Wilniot has made to him, otherwise he would hardly have prolonged his visit. It is ungracious to say so, but he could not fail to see how unhappy he has made us ; and hp would have bidden us farewell if there was not something behind of which we were ignorant, and for which we were not pre pared. Richard, I have infected you with my apprehen sions because it will be best for you, and for all of us, to be on our guard when Mr. Wilmot arrives. A little reflection beforehand often -averts. a calamity. Hasty words cannot be recalled, and ' they lead to anger and to -actions which we afterwards deplore.' ' I will reflect well, my dear. Tell me plainly what you fear from Mr. Wilmot.', . '' I fear he will advocate the cause of Mr. Mortlock.' ' As re«raids Eunice r' I exclaimed, in amazement. ' Yes. Richard,' replied my wife, sadly, 'as regards our dear child.' ' But before he arrives,' I said, ' he will have read my letter announcing her engagement with Harry. Surely, in the face of that'— I paused, seeing, from the expression on my wife's face, that I was making no impression upon her. ? ? 'I am so much impressed,' she said, 'by a certain phase in your uncle's character, which has been dwelt upon by Mr. Morllock— I mean in regard to his being self-willed and obstinate when once he has made up his mind — that I cannot banish my fears. It is a painful subject, Richard ; do not let us dwell upon it any longer. Hope is left to us, and we will cling to it.' : , This conversation made me moody and unhappy ; there wgrc so many contingencies depending upon my uncle's whim. Not alone Eunice's happiness and her future, but tue whole course of the life before me and mine hung upon his word. Had I fore-een that the time might come when I should be tJirosn upon my own resources, I might, out of the handsome income I had received from Mr. Wilmot, have put a litt'e by every year, and so, to some extent, have provided for adversity. But such a thought ccver crossed my mind; and now that it was introduced, it- effect upon me was terrible. 1 recognised how absolutely helpless I was to provide for those who had a claim upon me for suppoi t. I knew no trade or profession, and could think of 'no means by which I could earn our dnilv bread. Thoughtlessly, I had spent regularly every shilling of my income, and* was even in debt— not to any great extent, it is true, for three or four hundred pounds would have paid all 1 owed— but the position was sufficiently serious to cause me alarm. Mr. Mortlock presented himself to my imagination as an evil genius who had intruded him self upon us to work our ruin ; and when, in the course of the day he came towards me, smiling and easy-mannrred, with pleasant words dropping from his tongue, I thought of Lucifer with his fair outside and his malignant heart Minor incidents which occurred during this day passed lightly off, although on other occasions I should have deemed them of importance and have estimated them aright. I had lately perceived signs of failing health in Samuel Fleetwood, and had advised him to consult a doctor. He simply smiled, and said that it would be useless, as no doctors could do him good ; but, as his bad symptoms continued, I desired our own _ physician to see and examine Fleetwood. The physician's report was melancholy enough. He represented our faithful servant's case to be hopeless, saying he had heart disease, and could not live through the year. ' Did you inform him of it ?' I inquired. ' It was scarcely necessary,' replied the physician. ' He has been for soms time aware of his state, and he looks forward to the end Rlinbst with cheerfu ness.' It will be understood how deep would have been thb impression produced upon me by this sad news had I not been so terribly harassed by my own special anxieties. I entertained the sincerest regard for Fleetwood ; I knew him to be loyal and true, stanch and devoted ; 1 knew that he was ready to make any sacrifice for me and mine ; but I will put no false gloss upon my feelings. So thoroughly engrossed was I by my own selfish fears that I felt mere commonplace pity for the honest, devoted fellow, instead of the full-hearted sympathy which I should, under happier circumstances, have extended towards him. Before sundown Mdl'e. Rosalie also played her part. In anticipation of my uncle's visit, and desiring that he should see Boscombe Lodge at its best, I had given instruc tions to my gardener, which He said he could not carry out alone. 1 empowered him to hire ji man to assist him, and he told me he had done so. I was satisfied to leave the matter to him ; he had been in my service many years and had served me well. All that I knew of the man he had engaged was his name— Redwing. \\\ hen the gardener came to me on Saturday for wages, I asked how Redwing suited him. 'O, pretty well, sir,' was the rep'.y ; 'he isn't all he made himself out to be, but I shall manage.' And my gardener being content, so vas I. At the beginning of the week I myself saw Redwing for the first time. He did not appear to be over-exerting him self; and this, nnl the fact that he was a good-looking fellow, comprised my observation of him. I return now to tho incident in which Mdlle. Hosalio played a part on the evening of the dav on which 1 re ceived my uncle's second letter. With my thoughts fixed upon the approaching crisis in my fate, 1 wandered from my house, scarcely heeding the direction in which I was walking. I wished to be alone to indulge in n.y sad musings, which so occupied my mind that I must have walked for an hour before I knew where I was. The gathering gloom recalled me to myself, and looking around I saw that I was in Ivybush Lane. It did not and would not have struck me that this was the place in which Samuel Fleetwood had informed me that Mdlle. Rosalie was in the habit of meeting some unknown man, had it not been that my eyes fell suddenly upon her as I gazed around. She was standing at some little distance from me, and I must have come upon her and her compa nion unawares. For she was not alone ; a man was with her, whom I immediately recognised to be Redwing. Moreover, she was in that man's embrace. His arm was round her, and he was kissing her lips at the moment of my approach. They saw me as I saw them, and they fell apait from each other. Without a word, I turned, and proceeded in the direction of my home. Now at any other time I should have regarded this dis covery a3 serious, and should not have allowed it to pass without asking Mdlle. Rosalie for an explanation ; but I am constrained to confess that in my then mood 1 attached but small importance to it. In what way did Mdlle. Rosalie's love intrigues affect me, and why should I add those to my already overpowering anxieties ? That was the sense in which 1 viewed the adventure. But if I did not speak to Mdlle. Rosalie of the incident, she did not allow it to pass by in silence. It was night. Harry Clanronald had taken his leave, and my wife and Eunice had retired to bed. Mr. Mortlock had also retired. As for Mdlle. Rosalie, she had not made her appearance in our family cirde. The evening had not been a lively one, despite Mr. Mortlock's endeavours to promote pleasant conversation. Eunice and Harry sat together in a corner of the room, where they wore partially sciecned from observation. Mr. Mortlock did not disturb them by word or movement, nor did I and my wife. I pretended to be interested in a book, the pages of which I turned over with a painful consciousness that 1 was ?enacting a hypocrite's part. It was left to my wife, wiser than I, to listen, with a semblance of politeness, to Mr. Mortlock's cha tor. That he was. quite at his ease I set down to his maliciousness, for he could not but have ob served that we were troubled. My wife and I being in our bedroom, I said that I was not inclined for bed, and that I would bike a stroll in the garden and smoke a cigar. There was nothing unusual in this; 1 had often done the like. 'Do not be long,' said my wife, 'and do not worry yourself ovir what I said this morning. We shall sooii know the worst ; and, after all, I may be mistaken.' ' What harasses me,' I replied, ' is, what we shall do it you are not mistaken, and if wo fail to reconcile. Mr. Wilmot to Eunice's engagement. AVe shall be thrown upon the world absolutely beggared.' ' Even if it eomes to that,' said my sweet wife, ' we must meet it bravely. There arc worse misfortunes, Richard.' ' I cannot imagine them,'' I snid, with an impatient frown. ' IJfegntcn is worse,' my wife, said, mvasinir me to her heart. 'Our good name will l.e k-l'l to u*; and 1 lurry will be true to Eunice.' ' I doubt it ! ' I said. ' Richard! ?' cried my wife. . ' Yon are wrung, you are wrong! Harry is the soul of fiiihlulnes.«. If. would break my heart if I thought otherwise. Aud Eunice -our dear child— what would become of her '; ' ' At all hazards,' I said, scarcely conscious of tho woids I win uttering, 'at all risks, her happiness must be ensured. 1 1 shall be, it shall be ! I swear i! !' 'It will be,' said my wife. ' Harry will be true to our dear child. Her sweet nature, our honoured name ? ' 'Will count for very little,' 1 interrupted, 'in Mr. Clanronald's ryes without a proper dowry. I know the world.' It was an idle boast. I knew but little of the world, and was ill able to cope with its difficulties. My wile made no further attempt to dispel my gloom, deeming it best ? as it often is when a man is sorely wrousr lit — to allow it to work its own cure. She bade me go aud smoke my cigar, and handed me my cigar-case, which I should have for gotten in my perturbation. The «ise was one which she had presented to me in former years, and on its cover was my monogram, ' It. P.,' in raised letters of silver. ' Before you go. Richard,' she said, ' 1 must say a word upon another matter. I will not detain vou a minute. It is about Mdlle. Rosalie.' 1 started at the name. The incident I had witnessed in Ivybush Lane recurred to me. ' Wre must not do her nn injustice,' continued my wife. «? She fears you do not regard her favourably, and has made a confession to me which has caused me to feel very grate ful towards her. It concerns her and Mr. Mortlock. She told me this evening that she was convinced she had excited in you suspicions of her conduct respecting Mr. Mortlock.' ' In what way 'r'' I asked. ' In this. Richard. Some time ago she noticed that he wjs attracted to Eunice, and that his attentions were dis tasteful to our dear child. What did she do'r She made endeavours to draw him away from her; and frequently, when Eunice and Harry were together, and she knew they did not wish lo be disturbed, she took Mr. Mortlock in hand— it is her own phrase, Richard- aud did her best to entertain him. lit r liveliness and vivacity when you met them— as she :siys jou have done on several occasions — 1 were all simulated in our dear Eunice's interests. I hardly j know whether to approve or disapprove, but it was certainly most kind on her part to undertake a task so repugnant to her. It has saved Eunice a great deal of pain,' and, rer h.ips, prevented nu ojien quarrel between Harry and Mr. Mortlock. Poor Mdlle. Rosalie ! Her lot cannot be a happy ore: shescins to liave something weighing on her mind which she dare not speak of. Were we free from anxiety ourrelvcs, I should insist upon her confiding in me ; I might in some way be a help to her. 1 am sure we owe her much.' I made no comment on thin revelation, which took me by surprise, and I left my house in a state of doubt respecting Mdlle. Rosalie. What right had I, with the conflicting evidence which had been presented to me, to judge and condemn her ? There were secrets in her life which she h«d not confided to us. But were there not secrets in most lives ? Was there not a secret in mine ? Had 1 not been living, as it were, under false pretences ? Had I not prac tised a certain deceit towards Mr. Clanronald, for which, if the worst happened, he might justly condemn me ? These reflections inclined me to mercy *and gentleness in rny opinions of Mdlle. Rosalie's doings : and it was in this mood that J lit my cigar and strolled through the grounds, at a sufficient distance from my wife's bedroom, the win dows of which looked out upon the garden, not to disturb her by my footsteps. On the floor above was situated the bedroom of Mdlle. Rosalie, the windows of which also looked out upon the garden. CiiAi'TEii VI.-MDLLU. ROSALIE MAKES A CON FESSION TO ME. The night was dark, and 1 heard no sound but that of my footsteps on the gravelled paths. Gradually 1 became more composed; the surrounding peace, the soft air, and the echo of my wife's words of comfort, had their soothing effect upon me. ' Surely all will be well!' I thought. ' I am tormenting myself unnecessarily.' Suddenly I heard a sound that startled me— it was the sound of awoman sobbing ; a form glided from the shadows, and, ialling at my feet, seized my hand, which became be dewed with tears. 'Mademoiselle!' I cried. For it was, indeed, Mdlle. Rosalie who knelt at my feet, and was holding my hand to her 1 ips. ' Pardon me,' she Fobbed; '0. pardon me !' '? Rise, I beg of vou.' i said, much disturbed. 'Why nre you here V This is no place, and this is not the time, for us xo be seen together.' ?' We are alone, sir,' she said, her sobs continuing. ' No one can see or hear us. Ah, sir, listen to me ! As you hope for mercy yourself, grant it to a despairing woman ! As' you hope for peace, bestow it upon me ! ' ' I do not understand you,' 1 said; and I should have had a heart of stone in my breast had 1 not been toiichod by her plaintive voice. ' I will listen to you— yes ; but 1 must insist upon your rising.' She obeyed me : but 'she trembled so as she rose from the 'ground that she was compelled to ciing to me for support. ^F ' Now, mademoiselle,' I slid, ' 1 wilHistpn to ^ what you have to say, if you insist upon it.' 'It you speak so harshly,' she murmured, ' I „ *» shall ai°.'? «&. V^ ' I have no wish to speak harshly io you,' 1 *-»?*** «aid. in a more gentle tone. ' But I liave a right to ask why you seek me at such an hour ? ' ' To implore your forgiveness,' she replied, ' to recover my place in your esteem. To know that you luive ceased to respect me, that you think lightly of me, is more than I can bear. Your good opnion, your good word, is more precious to me than life itself. Ah, sir,! How shall I confess it V I have deceived you.' ' I know it,' I said. ' You know it ! ' she echoed softly. ' And yet you have spared me ! And yet you have not driven me from your 'For that, mademoiselle,' I said, 'you may thank my wife and daughter, who have no suspicion that you are not what you represent yourself to be. You hold a place in their hearts which you have in some strange manner won. They have invariably spoken well of yuu ; they have in variablv defended you.' ' Defended me ! ' she exclaimed, and now her voice ex pressed dignified remonstrance. ' l-rorn what ? from whom ? Who has dared to vilify me, a defenceless woman, whose misfortunes entitle her' to respect ? Not you, sir, not you ? Do not tell me that vou have done me such an injustice ! ' ' Mdlle. Rosalie,' 1 said, somewhat confounded by the attitude she assumed, ' I have learnt that concerning you which T will not disguise from you, has instilled doubts into mv mind; I have seen that which, you yourself must admit, 'couid not but strengthen those doubts.' ' You saw me this afternoon,' she murmured, ' in a lonely spot, embracing a man.' , . , '« A man,' I added, ' who is now working for me in a menial capacity.' . , . ,. ,. -- v 'I donv it!' she exclaimed, with indignation. 'No labour U 'menial which is honest. Is it not a proof how '?reatly vou are prejudiced against me when you can com mit voufself to such a statement— you, whom I venerate as the personification of truth and j ustice ? A h, sir, confess that you were wrong ? ' ' Yes,' I said, abashed by the reproof, ' I confess it— I was wrong. But neither yo'u nor he can deny that he is in my employment under false colours.' 'I do deny it, for myself and him. He sought for honest labour,' and obtained it. Is that a crime V' ' What else can you bring asainst him ? You have not spoken to him, have scarcely seen him; and *et you, the most iust of men, would blast his character. It is not for vou living in the lap of luxury, with unlimited wealth nt vour command, who have but to wish to have— it is not for vou to know to what hard straits necessity drives a man. It is not possible that you should ever be driven as he and I liave been driven, 'to seek, in a lonely lot and among strangers, for the simple necessaries of life. It is not possible that you should ever feel the world's cruel in lustice as we have felt it ; that you should have to bear the anguish and the Fting of unmerited misfortune ; that the finder of shame and reproach should be pointed at you— a man unstained by crime or dishonour. You stand above nil this. Be merciful, be charitable, to those who are not as you are.' Had a vision of the future risen before me at that moment I should have stood appalled. As it \va«, I was powerfully affected by the appeal, and all my doubts of her seemed to melt away. ' Mademoiselle,' I said, :i you have, perhaps, reproved me with just cause. But had I known that you had a . ' A lover ! ' she exclaimed softly. ' Who dare say that?' 'A lover,' I continued, ' whom for months you have met in secret — ' ' It is false ! ' she cried. ' As I am an honest woman . it is false! Cruel, cruel, that I should be so misjudged! There is but one man in the world whom I love, to whom my heart, is given, for whom 1 would bear any hardship and sacrifice ; and to whom I dare not, I dare not confess 'And she seized my hand, and in a fit of uncontrollable agitation pressed it to her bosom, to her lips. And then it was that 1 noticed, for the first time, tbat she was but loosely attired in her dressing-gown, which she must have hastily thrown on, I supposed, when she saw me. from her bedroom window, and hastened out to make her con fession. . ? As she hold my hand Io her lips she was seized with sudden faintness, and would have fallen to the. ground h:id I not supported her in ray arms. What was it that piided past us? A shadow, or the form of a man, who, with his eyes turned upon us for one brief moment, sped swiftly on and was gone? ' What was that f' asked Mdile. Rosalie, in a whisper, clinging closer to me in affright. ' 1 do not know,' I answered in the same key ; and truly 1 did not. It was like a spiritual beguiiement. ' It must have been fancy,' said Mdlle. Rosalie. ' A shadow— an apparition. Yes, yes— see!' A slight wind had risen, and the branches of the trees were gently swaying, casting shadows, which assumed shapes and forms a heated imagination could easily have transformed info the thanes and forms of living creatures. I breathed more freely; what I had seen could have been nothing but a freak of fancy. ' It is time that we should part, mademoiselle,' I said coldlv. ' It would have been better had you spoken to me 1Q' I shouid not have had the courage,' she said. 'You must not leave me till you hear who this man is who is falselv represented as mv lover. I feel that you are not alone'in this belief; I feel that another shares it.' ''Yes,'' I said, thinkinc of Samuel Fler-twond, ?' niy bf-lipf is shared by another.'' ' Will you tell me who that r.tlirr is r' ' No ; I do not think 1 have the right.' li At least, sir,' she repeated mournfully, ' you will tell me whether it is a man or a woman who traduces me.' I did not wish her to believe that it was my wife or Eunice, and therefore I replied, ' I will tell you so much and no more ; it was a m;m.' 'Will you see this man again, sir?'' ' I shall see him, almost to a certainty, to-morrow.' ' Tell him then, sir, fro:u me, that the person he suspects is my lover, and whom you saw me embracing this after | noon, is my brother.' ' Your brother ! It is a simple and natural explana tion ; but whal reason was there for secrecy, tor conceal ment ?' ' 1 was feiirful of giving you jrrounds to suppose that I had deceived you, sir. 1 did deceive you, but it was an unconscious and innocent deceit. When you first received me in your house I said I was an orphan, without a relative in the world. Indeed, indeed, sir, I believed that to be the unhappy truth. My parents were dead, and the only brother I had was killed on the ramparts when the Ger mane besieged Paris. He was but a lad at the time, and when they told me lie was dead 1 had no reason to doubt them. But instead of having been killed he was only wounded and taken prisoner ; and when he was released he went to America, intending to make his fortune them, and return to throw it iu my lap. He wrote to me, but I did not receive his letters. In America he was unfortunate. Trustful by nature, he was robbed and deceived : and, vithout a penny in his pocket, he made his way to Eng land, little dreaming that I was in this country. ' His pad Wanderings, directed by Fate, brought him hero— here where I had the happiness of finding a home and sympa- i thising friends. Wo met by accidfnt ; my astonishment was great; if was as if he had risen from his grave. What ] was I to do ? I had solemnly assured your good wife and daughter that I was utterly, entirely friendless, and through them, you believed this -o he so. If I _now in formed you to tie contrary I might he proclaiming my own death warrant. You might have said, ' Mademoiselle Rosalie has practised .treachery towards us : she presented herself to us in' a false light, and therefore she is unworthy of our confidence : she shall be dismissed.' I was so har rowed by the fear of losing this happy home, in which, after all my trouble I had found peace and rest, that I had not the courage to undeceive you ; but after what you witnessed, sir, this afternoon, I could no longer remain silent. My honour, my good fame, was at stake, and it must be vindicated— for what else have 1 left to nerve and support me in thn trials I may yet have to endure ? I could uot wait till to-morrow. About to seek my couch, I saw you from my bedroom window, and, blessing the chance, I hurried down to make my confession. Forgive me, sir, forgive me ' and assure me that I have regained my place in your esteem. Tell me that you do not despise me.' If your story is true,' I paid, and would have proceeded had she not interrupted me. 'If, sir, if! Is it possible that you can doubt me still ? I swear, upon my knees I swear, that I have spoken truly!' ' You are to be pitied,' I said, ' not despised.' I saw no reason to doubther further. Two angels, my wife and daughter, had full faith in her; why should not I? In what she had related there was not a flaw ; there was nothing contrary to reason or opposed to the ordinary course of human motives. ' Say that you pardon me, sir,' she pleaded, ' and give mr- your hand ns a tokf-n of forgivenpss.' I gave her my hand, and sue murmured, ' I am happy, I am happy ! ' The window of my wife's bedroom was thrown up, and, by the aid of the light witbinthc- chamber, I saw the figure of my wife, clad in white, looking out upon the grounds. I had been absent longer than she expected, and she was anxious about me. 'Richard'' she softly called; her voice was low and sweet, and fell distinctly upon my ears. ' Hush '. ' whisppred Mdlle. Rosalie, crouching behind me ! ' Do not speak— do not move ! She must not see me ! ' It was perhaps foolish on my part to obey her, but I was dimly conscious that an injurious construction might be placed' upon the circumstance of Mdlle. Rosalie and I being together at that time of night; therefore I held my tongue. For a space of nearly a minute my wife stood at the window, and lor that space neither Mdlle. Rosalie nor I moved or spoke, she branding behind me, and clasping me, as if for protection. Then the window was gently closed, and the blind let down. ' I am safe '.' whispered Mdlle. Rosalie, kissing my hand humbly and gratutully. ' You will not betray me— you will keep my secret?' ' It should be told,*' 1 said, ' to my wife and daughter.' ' Let me tell it to tlie.n,' she said ; 'let we choose the rime. In two or three days I shall have courage.' ' As you will,' I said, wishing to terminate the inter view. ' And vou will not discharge mv brother?' 'No.' ' How can I fhank you r How shall I be able to repay you? Give me lime to g.-t bar-k in the house. No one must fpo me — aoone.' I looked after hpr as she walked through the shadows to the house, which she enteied in silence. Soon afterwaids 1 followed her. My wife was still awake. ' It is a beautiful night, Richard.'' sup said. ' Did you enjoy your cigar; ' Ciiai-tkk VII.— MY UNCLE ARRIVES AND PASSES A PLEASAKT EVENING': In the morning my wife and I had a conversation about Samuel Fleetwood. Desiring to pay every attention to Mr. Wilmot during his stay with us, we thought it would add to his comfort if we assigned to Fieetwood the office of attending solely upon him. With the intention of apprising Fleetwood of his new duties, I was on the point of summon ing him when he mode his appearance. 'Are you better this morning, Mr. Fleetwood,' asked my wife. * He replied, in a grateful voice, that he felt easier, and thanked her feelingly for some soup and jelly which she herself had prepared for him. My wife had that perfect knowledge of household duties, and that perfect mastery of them which add so nmch to the comfort of a home. In soups, jellies, preserving and pickling she was pre-eminent, and it was often a pleasure to her to be busy herself in these agreeab!e services. ' I shall continue to make soup and jelly,' she said to Fleetwood, 'and other things as well, which you must take. Knowing that 1 have specially prepared them for you, yon will not neglect them.' Everything that comes from you, madam,' replied Fleetwood, 'is valued and honoured:'' ?' These things will make you strong,' said my wife, ' and assist your recovery to perfect health.' There was no mournfulness or repining in file smile with I which he answered her ; it was gentle and resigned. j ' We are in God's hands, madam,' he said. I She gave him a compassionate look, and then, in her pre sence, I told Fleetwood what we had resolved upon with respect to Mr. Wilmot. He expressed a cheerful acqui escence, and promised to do everything that lay in his power for our expected visitor. 'He is an old gentleman,' I said, 'and may require attendance in the night. You will sleep in the room adjoining his.' 'Yes, sir,' said Fleetwood: and, this matter being settled, my wife left us, having household duties to attend to. ' You have something to say to me,' I said, observing that Fleetwood lingered. ' 1 was coming to seek you, sir,' was his response. ' I found these in the garden this morning.' He produced ray cigar-case, with its monogram of raised silver letters, and a lady's silver back-comb of pecu liar design, which Mdlle. Rosalie usually wore in her hair. 'Why do you bring me this comb?' I asked. 'It belongs to Mdlle. Rosalie.' ' I know, sir, but the two were lying together, and I thought it right to bring them both to you.' His manner was not offensive, but it struck me as being more than ordinarily sad. ' There is nothing right or wrong in it,' I remarked. ' It is a simple accident that these two articles were found together. I must have dropped my cigar-case as I was walking- in the garden last night.' It impressed itself upon me here that speaking on the subject was uncon sciously causing me annoyance, and I said, a little testily, 'Take the comb to Mdlle. Rosalie, and tell her where you found it.' '? I beg you to excuse me, sir,' said Fleetwood respect fully, ' and to give the task to another person.' 1 was reminded of the promise 1 had tacitly conveyed to Mdlle. Rosalie that I would set her right with* the man who regarded her with suspicion. ' Fleetwood, you do not like Mdlle. Rosalie r' ' I have the strongest dislike to her, sir.' ' It has grown.' ' I own to it, sir— to something like aversion.' ' A short time since you communicated your dislike and suspicions to me. Time has not softened them :' ' It has strengthened them, sir. Perhaps I am wrong,' and here he hesitated with an expression of pain in his fapp, ' in speaking to you ab^ut Mdlle. Rosalie.' ' Not at all. Go on, Fleetwood, if you have anything more say.'' -; The new man in the garden, sir — Redwing— is the man she meets in secret in Ivybush Lane.' '' 1 ain aware of it.' Hitherto his eyes had been averted from me ; now thpy wpre turned towards me in astonishment. ' I beg your pardon, sir,' hesaid, ' for interfering.'' ' There is no question of interfering, !? leetwood,' I said. ' It is that we have dons a young lady an injustice. What I am about to confide to you is a secret; and, as it is not our secret.it must he respected. Mr. Redwing— it is, possibly, not his real name, but, in the circumstances, he may be excused for assuming it— it is not Mdlle. Rosalie's lovei . He is her brother.' ' Indeed, sir !' said Fleetwood, in a tone of crjistraint. ' 'She has disclosed to me certain pirticulars of her past life which have satisfied me that we have not done her justice— you and I. 1 mean. My wife and daughter are vpry fond of her. There is no need to say any more, is there?' ' No, sir; it is not for me to continue to harp upon the matter. But I cannot undertake to like her.' ' I will not attempt to force your inclination; but I wish it were otherwise. Only you must not show any open dis like to her.' ' 1 will bear iu mind what you say, sir.' .With that he took his departure, with, as I rightly divined, a feeling of discoutent in his mind, which, I con fess, was my freiing r.iso. Fleetwood's manner had not entirely pleased me. Later in the day I gave Mdlle. Rosalie her silver back comb. ' O, thank you so much !' she exclaimed. ' I was won dering what had become of it. Who found it ?' ' Samuel Fleetwood,' I replied. 'Ah!' she said, thoughtfully ; 'he is no friend nf mine, and would do me an injury if he could. But I am armed now,' she added with a bright look; 'you are mv friend.' ' Day after day passed, and we heard nothing more of Mr. Wilmot. We were, however, quite prepared for his arrival. A suite of rooms was ready, and every morning Eunice placed fresh flowers in them. I heard her and Mdlle. Rosalie conversing about my uncle. 'This Mr. Wilmot,' said Mdlle. Rosalie, ' is he very very rich?' ' So papa says,' replied Eunice. 'A millionaire, perhaps ?' ' Perhaps,' said Eunice, laughina-. ' He must be very good, then !' ' How is that?' 'All rich men must be. They cannot help it.' This was an unsophisticated view, and it brought a smile to my own lips. On the Wednesday in the following week the three ladies and I were standing on the lawn iu front of the house. Mr. Mortlock was absent, and we were not sorry. ' Papa,' said Eunice, ' is Mr. Wilmot ever coming? He seems to have forgotten his promise.' As I spoke we all turned our neads in the direction or the gales, being attracted by the sound of animated voices and footsteps ; and presently two gentlemen caine in view— Mr. Mortlock and an old gentleman leaning on his arm. I knew uiy uncle instantly, although I saw at a glance that he had aged since we last met, and I hastened to meet him. ' Have I taken yeu by surprise, nephew Richard ?' he asked (he had always addressed me thus). 'But friend Mortlock knew I was coming by this train. A pang of mortification shot through me. Why had ' friend Mortlock ' known, and not I ? Why was he the chosen one? I concealed my mortification, however, and expressed my delight at seeing him. He nodded, and nodded — he was a little spare man, with not an ounce of superfluous flesh on his bones, and his head seemed to be set on springs— and shook hands with me cordially, and greeted my wife and kissed her, and then, holding Eunice's two hands in his, kissed her also. 'The privilege of old age, my dear,' he said. 'And you are Eunice ! You have grown into a verv lovelv young woman. We shall be the best of friends— the best of friends. You have a prettv place here, nephew Richard, and it is well looked after. That is what I like to see. I beg your pardon.' These last words were in reference to Mdlle. Rosalie, who stood a little in the background. I introduced her. ' How do you do— how do you do ?' he said, nodding at her as he had nodded at us. Once set going, it seemed difficult for him to stop. 'Lenorinand — Lenormand. 1 know a family of that name in Versailles. Any relation ':' ' I have no relations, sir,' said Mdlle. Rosalie, adding with a glance at me, 'out of England.' ' Indeed, indeed,' he said, ' no relations out of Eng land ? Nephew Richard, 1 want to walk through your grounds, but first I wish to place this in safety.' ' He motioned to Mr. Mortlock, who came forward with a des pafeh-box, which I had observed he was carrying. ' There is money in it. nephew Richard. I never travel without money. It is the open sesame evervwherc, even among: savages, my dear '—this to Eunice. *«? I have seen many, and it is surprising how quickly they learn the value of money.' ' Your rooms are ready, sir,' I said. ' Will you sep. them now ?'' ' At once—at once. Carry the box for me. No, do not trouble, my dears. Nephew Richard and I will go alone : we will rejoin you presently.' We went up to liis rooms together, and I was glad to hear him say that they were pleasantly situated. i; I hope you wili make a long stay with u«,' I said. 'That depends— that depends. Let me thank you now for your courtesy to my friend Morllock. He is full of your praises, and your good family's. A charming gentleman — an exceptionally' charming gentleman. Do you not think so ? ' To please him I replied, in as cheerful a voice as I coulJ command, that Mr. Mortlock was a charming gentleman. ' That is as it should be— as it should be. I have a great regard for him, the greatest regard. I knew that you would be great friends— great friends. Place the box there— there, by the side of my bed, at the head. That is the spot. Thank you ! Now we will go down to the ladies.^ With polished politeness he offered my wife and Eunice Ivybush Lriip, where Mademoiselle Rosalie and the stranger used to meet. — Chai'teh III. each an arm, and we all strolled through the grounds, at the beauty of which he expressed himself much gratified. Samuel Fleetwood approached ub. ' Here is a faithful servant, sir,' I said, beckoning to Fleetwood, ' who will wait upon you and attend to your wishes while you remain with us. We thought it likely you might come without a valet.' i '1 have— I have,' said Mr. Wiluiot. 'I discharged my scoundrel only yesterday ; he has been with me fifteen years, and I discharged him at a moment's notice. Disre garded my orders, the scoundrel ! Away he went -to the right-about. Had he not disobeyed me, 1 should have pro vided for him. I am not the best-tempered man in the world , 1 know my failings ; I must have my way ; I will have my way. Ab ! I know what is in your mind, liight or wrong- 'r Yes, right or wrong, I must have my way. Too old to learn. I am fixed— fixed— fixed, like an ancient tree. Ladies, you must not be displeased to learn that I am a very wilful, hot-headed old gentleman. That is why | I never married ; 1 should have made my wife miserable, so one woman was spared. It was very thoughtful of you, ! nephew Eichard, to give me a new valet. Fleet wood— is that your name':' ' Yes, sir,' said Samuel Fleetwood. 'Good name— good name; 1 shall not forget it. I never forget anything. Two trunks and a valise of mine have by this time arrived at the house ; I told the scoundrels if they used despatch they should have lialf-a-sovereigu. Here it is ; give it to them, and take my belongings to my rooms and arrange things. Here are the keys : don't touch my papers, only my clothes aud printed books.' Fleetwood sped off, and my uncle followed him with his eyes. ' Seems a willing scoundrel,' he said. ' Had him long, nephew Richard r ' ' A great many years, sir.' 'Faithful, you say r' 'As faithful a man as breathes.' ' Good character 'r ' 'The best.' He nodded and kept on nodding, till Eunice, selecting a small white rote, put it in his buttonhole. ' Thank you, mv dear; 1 like attention. But why not one to your father r ' Smilingly .she picked a flower, and put it in my coat. *' And why not one for friend Mortlork 'i ' said my uncle. With a heightened colour and biting her lip, Eunice gave Mr. Mortlock a rose. He made no demur that she did not fasten it in his co:it as she had fastened my uncle's and mine; but he took his revenge by pia-.-ing- the ross.to his lips before he put it in his buttonhole. Mr. 'Wiliiiot laughed. ' O, youth, youth .' ' lie exclaimed ; 'inestimable, price less treasure, that can so invent with magic qualities a simple rose! Will science ever lead to the discovery of the elixir 'i Nephew Richard, 1 have in my despatch-box live thousand pounds. 1 would give it cheerfully for a year of life ; 1 would give all my wealth, and stand a beggar in naked feet, if I were twenty' once more. My dear niece ' — iind it was a mark of graciousness on his part to so address mv wile — 'I am, as you see, fond of life ; it is all we have.' ' Not all,' said my wife, raising her eyes to the bright heavens. ' Yes, yen, yes,' ho responded, nodding und nodding ; ' but some be'ieve one way, some another. 1 quarrel with no man's opinions on politics or theology, nor will I be quarrelled with. My time is too short, and I would enjoy every minute left to me. My health is perfect, and J am only enfeebled physically by old age. 1 have nourished the juicesof my body by tho generous juices of nature. By the way, nephew Richard, some of my own wine will arrive here this evening in lime for dinner.' *' My cellar is sruail.' I paid, ' but it contains a few bottles of good vintages.' ' I have better,' hie responded, 'and you yourself shall be the judge. It is a lovely day; the air here is pure and salubrious; and beauty accompanies me.' Hebowed gallantly to Eunice and her mother, and continued to enliven the way by similar chatter, to which we listened without a sign of dissent, as we were in duty hound to do ; but I, being able to interpret what was hidden from oil others, except perhaps Eunice, saw my uncle's utterances were disquieting to my wife; and it was bpon her advice, ' to say nothing to him to-day of Eunice's engagement,' that 1 made no reference to what was nearest to our hearts. In the evening, when dinner was over, Harry ciine, and was duly introduced. 'Clanronald!' exclaimed Mr. Wilinot; he eyed Harry narrowly, and i litre was a shade of displeasure on his face. ' Clanronald 'i Ah !' Then he looked at Eunice, wr.o was blushing and ill at ease, and at Harry aguin, who was nervous and awkward in the presence of a stranger who 6eemcd to be criticising him, und not favourably, and then he turned his sharp eyes upon Mr. Mortlock, who mpt them smilingly, whereat Mr. Wiluiot smiled, and nodded and nodded with gre:it vivacity. These two appeared to understand each other without speaking. When his fit of nodding was over, my uncle, undoubtedly with malice preoense, claimed Ham's solo attention, leaving Mr. Mortlock the task of entertaining Eunice. 1 am sorry to say that this made Harry sullen, and his behaviour was certainly not calcu lated to impress Mr. Wilniot favourably. However, this did not appear to displease my uncle, who took Harry as his partner in a rubber of whist, and. even when Harry revoked it did not ruffle him. After the rubber my uncle proposed a game of chess, aud cho-kmated poor Harry in twelve moves. Then luy uncle called upon M r. Mortlock to furnish entertainment, and this gentleman, with great willingness, applied himself to the task, and surprised ts with a display of accomplishments of which he had hitherto made no parade. He related story after story; he gave imitations of singular people he had met in his travels; he sang in French, German, and Italian, and accompanied himself with the skill of a master. My wife, as I observed, disapproved of some of these songs, but Mr. Wilinot shook with* laughter. Mdlle. Rosalie was called upon to contri bute to the entertainment, and she sang admirably and with groat spirit. At length, to our relief, the evening came to an end. Harry had said good night, and had gone home unhappy, Eunice was miserable, and my wife aud I were tilled with disquieting reflections. Only Mr. Wilmot and. Mr. Mortlock seemed to have enjoyed themselves and to have passed a pleasant time. My uncle bade Eunice and her mother good night, and 6aid that he foresaw that his visit would be eminently agreeable. 'I breakfast late,' he said. 'Nephew Richard, you will see me to my room.' Fleetwood was there when we reached it, arranging Mr. Wilmot' s things for the night. Upon our entrance he re tired, through a communicating door, into his own adjoining bedroom. *' To-morrow, nephew Richard,' said Mr. Wiltnol, ' we will speak of matters o£ business, upon which I have no doubt we shall agree. There is a small task 1 wish you to assist me in to-night. Lift my despatch-box on the table. Thank you. Here is the key. * Unlock it. Always on the first night of my arrival in a new place I see that my inaney and valuables are safe. You will see a cash-box there* Yes, that is it. This key, with a piece of blue ribbon round it, will open it. JSow, Jet us count,' Together we counted the money in the cash-Dox. Iherc were exactly five ihousand pounds; five hundred sovereigns and four thousand five hundred in Bank of England notes. The cash-lox contained also several articles of jewellery of considerable value, one of which, a single-stone and diamond rinff, the jewel in it being of extraordinary brilliancy, although not large, he put on his finger. Before the money and jewels were replaced in the box Mr. Wilmot called Fleetwood into the room, and he saw them spread out on the table. When they were all safely packed away, my un.ee said : ' Do not let me be disturbed in the morning, nephew Richard. I never allow myself to be called or disturbed. Nature informs mo when I* have had sufficient rest. Tell your good lady that I shall not participate in the family breakfast. Somewhere about 1 o'clock in the day we will have our that. Good night.' On my way fo my bedroom I encountered Mdlic. Rosa lie, and bade her good night. ?? Good night, sir,' she said. 'What a charming gentle man Mr. Wilniot is, and what a delightful evening we have passed.' Then she whisicred, ' I ought to tell you, sir, that I have not had the courage yet to tell Mrs. Pardon my secret. I am writing out my life, which I shall give her to read, and then she will know alt.' j 1 nodded and left \us. 1 had mailers of greater ! importance to think of than Mdlle. Rosalie's email family secrets. Chapter VIII.— MY UNCLE DELIVERS HIS ULTIMATUM. 'Now,' said my uncle on the following day when we were together in the room, ' we will have our chat. I shall be glad to get it off my mind, and you will loo. First iet me express my approval of my new scoundrel Fleetwood. When 1 leave you I shall be almost inclined to tempt him to accompany me'' 'He has heart disease,' I said, ' and, i am afraid, has not long to live.' ' it is a pity, for he seems to be all you represented him. He has 'been assisting me in my money matters this morning. I have also had a visit from Mdile. Rosalie. A charming person, a very charming person. Most persons are who fake the trouble tomnke themselves agreeable, and who do not cross you. He held up his hand, :ind looked at the j diamond ring on his finger, which he had placed there the \ previous niyht. He had a remarkably white nnd shapely hand, of which be was evidently proud : and, indeed, i wizjned and pinched up as he was, he must in his younger . years have been a handsome, bright-eyed man. ' By the way, nephew Richard, the young gentleman wlm was* here last night and revoked at whi-t ! Hnvc you known him ] longr' j 'For somewhat over two years,' 1 replied. 'But my letter has explained ? ' '? What letter do you refer to r' asked Mr. Wilmot. ' The letter 1 sent you a little while since, to the care of your lawyers in London — ' ' Ah. those letters !' said Mr. Wilmot, interrupting me again with a smile. ' Would yoi believe, nephew Richard, that there are two boxes full of them- actually two boxes full'r I burst out laughing when I eaw them, andl quickly locked the boxes again. Life is too f-hort for correspondence — and such corn spondence ! Circulars, begging- letters, re quests for loans— no no ! 1 decline to wade through them. I When I return to London I Fhall instruct some one to sepa- i rate the wheat from the chaff, and then probably burn the j lot — positively burn the lot without looking at them.' i I was Eeized with consternation. My.uncle had not read j my letter announcing Eunice's engagement with Harry | Clauronald: he was in ignorance that Eunice's heart was ] pledged lo the young icllow : and he wa.*- now in my housu ? with -he intention -»f promoting Mr. Mortluck's -uit. I : was convinced of it, and presently the proof came, and left no shadow of doubt behind. ' A gTeat many years ago,' said my uncle, ' I was acquainted with a Mr. Clanronald, whom I have no reason to think well of. If it is the same, he is this young man's father. Perhaps you have a photograph of him '»' ' 1 nave. Would vou like to see it 'r' ' Yes.' I went to the drawing-room, and selecting the album in which Mr. Clanronald's portrait was placed, I took it np to Mi. Wilmot. My mind was filled with misgivings, for my uncle's voice, when he spoke of Mr. Clanronald, boded ill. ' Let me find the portrait for myself,' he said; and I handed him the album. As he turned over the pages I feit that consequences almost vital were tiembling in the balance. ' Yes,' said Mr. Wilmot, pausing at a pige, ?' this is the man — it is he.' He nodded and snarled at the bit of pasteboard. ' Let us be sure. This is the father of the young man who played what he called chess with me last night r' ?' Yes.' He closed the book. ' Nephew Richard, you und 1 do ? not know much of each other.' ! ' Not as much as I should have desired, j-ir.'' ' Well. well. Perhaps a closer acquaintance was not to be desired. Perhaps we have Icon Letter friends apart. It is often the case— often the c;i.-e. 1 like you; 1 like your wife; I like your daughter. '1 here arc one or two others 1 like - only one or two. I like Mortlock ; you like him, too ; you said he was a charming gentleman. So he is — charming. There are men I dislike — some more, s;mc less. They do not trouble me, because I do not allow them to trouble me. I wipe them out. I do not express my j dislikes : I do not as much as think of them, unless they happen to be forced upon me as in this casr. I dislike your Mr. Clanronald, much more than less. 1 will not enter into the reasons for my dislike; they are private and delicate, and are. to me, sufficient. That much being said, we dismiss the Clanronalds. Let me never hear their name again.' ' But, sir,' I faid, in a helpless tone of remonstrance, for hope seemed surely slipping from me, ' it is of this veiy Harry Clanronald I must speak.' ' Pardon me,' he said, in a tone of extreme politeness, and hud 1 been better acquainted with his character i should have known ibut this was in him a dangerous sign, ' I do nut f-ev the uei'tceily. Lit u=, at all events, first speak of what will be mutually agreeable— mutually agree able. I present myself to you as an ambassador.' ' As an ambassador ? ' I stammered. ' As an ambassador,' he repeated blandly. ' I have the honour to ask the hand of your lovely daughter Eunice for my dear friend Mortlock.'^ I gazed at him in a kind of despair; he continued. ' tie is a gentleman ; a man of good family; a travelled man; a cultured man ; a man of parts, and I like him. When I introduced him to you and your delighted family I had a latent hope that he would fall in love with your daughter. It has happened. I did not say to him, ' Go to England; go to Boscombe Lodge, Sevenoaks, and make a friend of my nephew Richard, and there behold a fresh and budding type of English beauty in the person of my nephew Richard's charming daughter Eunice.' I might have said as much, having, before 1 left England, received a picture of your daughter, for which, I think. I have not thanked you, 'and in which I discerned a bud that would blossom into a rare loveliness ; but I did say to friend Mortlock, ' Nephew Richard has a daughter ; it it time you should settle down.' What 1 hoped has couio to pass, and' i approve. ' What you ask,' 1 said, 'is impossible.' ' How impossible !' ' Eunii e does not love Mr. Mortlock. Her heart is given to another.'' 'To whom r' ' To Harry Clanronald.' ' A childish fancy,' said my uncle, 'which will soon pass away. She cannot marry him.' ' She can,' I said firmly, ' and shall.' ' She must not, nephew Richard.' 'She must, uncle. She is pledged. I know the nature of my child. She will never wed another.' He did not lose his temper, but I saw a change eomu over his face. His sharp eyes grew sharper and smaller, and this diminishing sign, if I may so express it, distin guished all his features. His weazened face grew still more weazened, his mouth seemed to contract, his nostrils to become thinner, and when he spoke again his voice was cold, clear, and precise, and seemed to come through lips of steel. 'Nephew Richard, I was right when I said we do nof know much of each other. Even if I had not set my heai t upon this match, I would never consent to your daughter marrying young Mr. Clanronald; but I have set my heart upon it, and if you are prudent you will range yourself on my side. Y~ou shall not be in the dark whichever way you decide. I will be very — I trust not painfully— explicit. It is in no petty or boastful mood that I say I have behaved well to you and yours.' ' You have behaved, sir,' I said, ' most liberally, most generously. A lifetime of gratitude could not repay you.' ' I will be content with less,' he said dryly. ' There is not much merit in what I have done ; what you have received from me I could well spare. In ali my life 1 have really loved but one human being— your mother, my only sister. When your father fell into misfortune 1 resolved upon my course; and once resolved, nephew Richard, it needs, indeed, a powerful reason to move me. Oblige inn by unlocking my despatch-box.' He paused occasionally, as 1 attended to his instructions. u Beneath the cash-box are some papers tied round with red tape. Bring them for ward. Lawyer's papers, nephew Richard. Lock the box again. Untie the papers, and take from them the largest and most important. It is my will. You may read it if you like.' ' Excuse me, sir. I shall feel more at my case if I do not.' ' As you please. It is my will, making you my heir to the greater portion of my property. For what I have done for you — for what 1 have cheerfully and ungrudgingly done, 1 have never asked from you the least return ; I have never requested you to render me the slightest favour. For the first and only time I ask now a favour at your hands; give your consent to the union of your daughter with friend Mortlock.' '? I cannot, sir.' ' Weigh well your words, nephew Richard. The con sequences of your refusal will be that 1 shall destroy this will, making another person my heir. To you aud yours not one shilling ; tor shall you ever receive another shilling of my money.' My heart fainted within ine ; absolute beggary stared me in the face ; and with that bcggaiy, as it seemed to me, disgrace. ' I regret,' continued my uncle, ' that I should have been forced into speaking so plainly. 1 give you till to morrow morning to reflect, to talk over the matterwith your wife, if you care to do so. Till then we speak no further upon the subject. What I have resolved upon is irrevocable, and there is nothing surer in life than that you and 1 have done with each other for ever if you then determine to oppose my wishes. Oblige me now by leaving me. At this hour of the day I always seek a little repose.' I saw that it would not improve matters if I remained with him ; therefore I left him and sought my wife. *' What has happened ? ' she asked in a voico of alarm. She read the news in my face. ' The worst,' I replied. ' I told her all, and, cast down and despairing as she was, she said that I had acted right. 'Do you realise what it means V ' 1 said. 'We shall have to quit this place at once; we shall be thrown upon the world to 6tarve !' And then I started up and paced the room in a state of terrible excitement, saying that it was monstrous such a blow should bb dealt to us by a feeble old man. ' Feeble and old,' I repeated vacantly; ' yen, feeble and old. He is over seventy. If he should 'die to-night! '' Thu words froze to my lips. ' Richard !' cried my wife 'God forgive me !' I said; '1 know not what 1 am saying. But it shall not— shall not — shall not be !' All her sweet efforts « ere powerless to calm me ; in un controllable agitation 1 rushed from her presence. How the day pissed I can scarcely recall. I know that my wife sent a note by hand to Harry Clanronald, request - ing him not to come to our house this evening. 1 know that we, » dlle. Rosalie, Mr. Wilmot, and Mr. Mortlock,. dined together, and that I was forced to play the part of host. 1 know (hat the three whose names I have written were full of sparkle and animation, while we were moody and silent. I know that Mdlle. Rosalie and Mr. Mortlock played and sang, and then came the good night all round, and I was in my bedroom with my wife. Her eyes were encircled by daik rings; her face was wan; her limbs shook ; her voice trembled as she spoke. ' I have made up my mind to do something,' she 6aid, in a pitiful tone. ' To-morrow morning 1 will speak to your uncle myself, and will try to move him.' ' You may as well try to melt a rock,' I said. And in my mind stirred the refrain, '* He is feeble and old : if he should die to-night ! if he should die to-nigbt !' 'I shall need all my strength and brightness,' said my wife. ' I have not slept for the last three nights, so great has been my anxiety. A night's good rest, and I should rise in the morning equal to the task of saving our dear child.' And still the refrain was in my mind, ' If he should die to-night ! if he should die to-night !' There was an opiato on tho mantelshelf which I occa sionally took to ensure sleep. 1 poured the requisite number of drops into a glass, and diluted them with water. 'Drink this,' I said to my wife; 'you will bleep soundly and well, and then, in the morning, if you still think of carrying out your plan, you can try our last hope.' I knew that it was a vain hope, and that her appeals would be thrown away upon this man, who held in bis hands the threads of our fate. My wife undressed, knelt down to pray— fervent and long were her prayers on this fatal night — and then she went to bed. I handed' her the opiate, and she drank it. 'All will be well, my love,' she said dreamily. ' My heart assures me that all will be well '. Good night, deaY love ; God b'ess you ! ' She drew me to her breast, and I kissed her lips. In that embrace she fell asleep. I crept from the chamber in my slippers, and stole through the dark and vacant rooms. ' He is feeble and old. if he should die to-night .' if he should die to-night !' It was like a prayer, and made itself felt as well as beard ue I trod softly here and there, now standing by a window EUNICE. looking out upon the shadows, now moving away with un utterable despair in my heart. The Spirit of Murder was in uiy house '. Chapteh IX.-SINFUL THOUGHT BEARS SINFUL FLOWER. I was awoke in the morning1 by my wife, and, to my surprise, found that 1 bad been sleeping, fully dressed, ou a couch in our bedroom. I sat up and passed my hand across my forehead, in the endeavour to recall how it was that I had entered the room, anl, without undressing, chosen the couch instead of the bed. ' Have I been sleeping long? ' I asked. ' I do not know, my dear,' replied my wife. ' The opiate you gave me last night had such on effect upon me that 1 could scarcely have stirred till I opened my eyes half an hour ago.' ' Then you have no recollection of my having come in, or at what time V' ' Not the slightest, Richard.' ?? Nor have I,' said I, pondering. ' When I saw you sleeping on the couch,' said my wife tenderly, ' my idea was that you would not come to bed for fear of disturbing me ' ' That may have been my motive for sleeping- here,' I said, still in wonder ; ' but it is strange that it shou'd have gone clean out of my mind.' ' It has occurred befoi«, Richard.' ' True ; but this is a new phase of my wretched sleep walking.' ' It is easily accounted for, love. Your mind has been unusually disturbed. Do not let it distress 3'ou.' ' And you have had a good nifrht ' ' A wonderful night ; 1 feel quite refret-hud ; and were it not for what is before me. 1 should feel perfectly happy.' Now, it is a singular fact that my mind was also blank as to the danger which threatened up. 1 had no re membrance not only of what had passed between me ai d my uncle on the previous day, but even of his being in the house. ' Of what is before you ?' I said. ' What do you mean?' 'Surely you have not forgotten the task I have set myself with your uncle? I shall succeed, love -1 shall succeed! Ihe first sound I heard this morning was the singing of the birds. That is neai ly always so ; but this morning their sweet notes had a peculiarly joyful signifi cance. ' Hope, hope, hope !' they pang:- ' All will be we'.). Eunice will be happy. Vour home is saved. Tho cloud has passed away!' My heart sang the words in unison, and 1 have given thanks to the Giver of all good.' As she spoke it all rushed back upon me, and my face grew dark. 'And of all evil,' I muttered. 11 My love, my dear love,' said my wife, rittins by my side, and taking my hand, ' banish your gloomy thoughts, and hope as I do. I shall soften his heart. I feel, I know I shall. In a few hours we shall be as we have ever been, and this little trouble will be dispelled. We have magnified it unreasonably because of our fears. It is not the way to meet trouble ; it was foolish of us. Look at me, Richard.' My eyes rested upon her face and form. 1 he loveliness of youth seemed to have returned to hrr. Her eyes were radinnt, there was a smile upon her lips, a bright and natural colour in her face. There was a change also in her atiire; 6he had taken unusual pains with it. There were roses at her breast, and some loose roses, the choicest in our garden, were in a glass upon the table. ' They ave for your uncle,' she said softly. ' I am going to win his heart as I won yours.' Even these tender words did not mitigate the terrible oppression which weighed me down. The effect which her sweetness and new-born beauty had upon me was to make the near future all (he more unbearable. She failed to convince me that, within a few short hours, we should not bo thrown upon the world, without a home. ' Mama ! ' It was Eunice's voice outside. ' Come in, dear child,' called my wife. ' She is happy and hopeful, Richard. I have been talking to her quite wisely.' 'If love be wisdom,' I thought, as Eunice entered the room, ' it would count for much. But love must work a miracle in a stony heart before happiness can be restored to me and mine.' ' Kiss the clouds away from your father's fare, my child,' said my wife, 'and make him smile again.' 'Let be, let be!' I eaid, receiving and reluming Eunice's caress with coldness. '? Don't bo disheartened, darling,' said my wife, draw ing Eunice to her. ' Your father is not himself thi« liiorniu.^.' 'There is nothing new, mama:' asked Eunice anxiously. ' No, dear child,' replied my wife. ' Rely upon me.' ' 1 will, mauui, 1 will,' murmured Eunice, her face ujinu her motner's breast. ' Wo will go down now, Richard,' said my wife ; ' you will joiu us presently ? ' ' Yes, presently,' 1 replied. They left the room together, taking the loosu roses wilh them, and 1 proceeded to make my toilet. It was soon completed, acd I took my watch from my pocket to ascer tain the time. As 1 put' it back my fingers encountered a ring. I took it out and gazed at it in dumb astonishment; it was the diamond ring my uncle hid placed upon his finger on the first night of his arrival. By what strange means had it come unconsciously into my possession ? I shook my head angrily and impatiently, and tried to think. My uncle had not given me the ring, and I could rcarcely hove taken it without his knowledge. But with or without his knowledge, I must have taken it, for it lay in my trembling hand. How did it come into my pocket '; Was l a thief ? It needed but a question like this to make my despair complete. Little did I suspect what was yet ? to* be revealed to me and all of us. The stone in the ring was, as 1 have already stated, not ' large, land could, at the utmost, have been worth not more than twenty pounds. That I should have been guilty of a theft. ahd_ of. a. '? theft so paltry, shocked and overwhelmed one. Yes, that was partly my thought : not only of a ?-. iheft, but of a theft bo paltry. I will make no attempt at distruise. . In the workings of a man's heart mean and sordid motives take their place— even in the hearts of the noblest of men; and in my state of despair I shud dered to think that it was possible, in the light of the threatened future, before me, that 1 might be tempted to commit a crime if it would save my wife and daughter from wreck and ruin. This horrible reflection brought vividly to my mind the guilty hope which had stirred within me but 'a few hours ago, that my uncle would die in the night. What should I do with the ring ? I dared not show it to my wife ; the thoughts which it must inevitably have inspired in her gentle breast would have been too great a torture to her. It would, as it were, have revealed to her base depths in my nature of which, she did not believe me capable. Nor had I myself ever believed that I could fall into degradation eo deep, so complete. But my 6oul, being now brought to the bar, carelessness or inaction would invite an exposure so damning that I could never recover from it. I mu6t be careful, wary, cunning. The circum 6tanc3 must not be mentioned to a living soul. The secret was mine, and mine alone, and must be jealously preserved. The respect of those I loved so dearly, and in whose sun shine I may be said (o have Jived, must not be jeoparded. 1 had to sec my uncle on this morning, and I would take the opportunity of slipping the ring somewhere in his room, or of dropping'it upon the floor, and thus avoid suspicion. So resolving, I went down to my wife and daughter with my guilty secret in my pocket, ready to my right hand. Mr. Mortlock was with them, at breakfast, and Mdlle. Rosalie. Mr. Mortiock pave me ' Good morning,' and with a hatred in my heart which, had I not held myself in moral and physical con'rol, would have impelled me to strike him in the face, 1 returned the salute, despising nryfclf the while for my contemptible weakness and lack of manhood. Mdlie. Rosalie raieel her eyes shyly to my face, softly said, ' Good morning, eii-j' and then lowered them again. What was the meaning of her shy, timid, singular look ? Did she know my secret : Or was it that 1 -was in the mood to place extravagant constructions «p-.n the most insignifiuent details of social intercouree ? I -? ? --. the worst view, and pazing with perturbed koks al ... u. nil, took my teat al the table. ' You do not seem well this morning,' observed Mr. Mortlock. Again Mdlle. Rosalie raised her eyes to mine with the same 6trange look ; again she lowered them immediately. ' I am quite well, Mr. Mortiock,' I said, and in no courteous tone. ' What makes you think otherwise r' Mr. Mortlock simply said, '*1 beg your pardon,'* and proceeded with his breakfast. If I had put the proper construction upon ray wife's behaviour to him I should have known that it was prompted by a feeling of gratitude towards one who, after all, was still our guest, for his courteous and considerate reception of my brusque words, but I was in a distorted mood, and it displeased me to observe a momentary graciousness in her manner to the man who had proved himself to be our evil genius. However, I preserved 6ilence, although my feel ings must have been apparent to all. ' Have you seen Mr. Fleetwood this morning?' asked Mdlle. Rosalie. . The question was not directed to anyone, in particular, and my wife answered no, that she had not seen him. Then, once more, Mdlle. Rosalie looked at me. And now in her 6tr.inge glances 1 seemed to detect a hidden meaning which irritated and confused me. because 1 ico.ild not inter pret it. ? ; ' Do you wish particularly to know if I have seen him ?' I asked. * j ' No, sii,' she replied quietly. -:-l was asking gene- | rally. I observe that lie has not placedtne usual flowerson ' the table.' 'J his was a reference to a mark of affection and graceful : attention which Samuel Fleetwood was in the habit of ' p lying my wife and daughter. Every morning, when they camp down for breakfast, there was a posy for each of them placid before their accustomed seats at the table, and they I»ne\j\fhat the flowers came from this faithful servant. On thioiiorning there were none. My wife had noticed the ( omission, but had made no remark upon it; and if Mdlle. Rosalie spoke spitefully respecting it, a natural cause uiiglil i be found in the circumstance that Fleetwoofl never I honoured her by such a mark of attention. In reply to her comment my wife simply said, ' Mr. Fleetwood is too busily engaged in his duties with Mr. Wihnot.' ! ' I daresay,' responded Mdlle. Rosalie ; and the con- ? vereation dropped. j A couple of hours after breakfast, it being then about j bait-past 11 o'clock, Mdlle. Rosalie remarked that Mr. j Wilmot was later than he wa-t on the preceding; morning, ? and my wife concurred, but added that he must on no ! account be disturbed. As she looked towards me for con- ! Brmation, I said that he had given explicit instructions that ! qo one should go to his bedroom until he summoned them. j It was an evidence of the wretched btate of my nerves that 1 should feel annoyed by Mdlle. Rosalie's simple repe tition of my words, ' Until he summoned them.' She was busy w'irh a piece of embroider)' which she was making J for Eunice. Another hour passed without a 6ign from my uncle, and, wilh the intention of seeking Samuel Fleetwood, I let the ladies, and proceeded in the direction of my uncle's at art - merits. On the way I entered my own bedroom lor a ;? clean handkerchief, and I casually observed a piece of thin ' whipcord, the end of which was haiminir down from beneath the pillmv ot the couch upon which 1 had elejjt. It did not further attract m\' attention, and, without re moving it, 1 weuf in search of Fleetwood. Ho was nut to be found, 1 questioned the servants, but nut one of them had seen him on thin morning. I asked whether lie had had his breakfast, and the answer was that he had nut (resented himself at the bruakfatt table, and that bit- ab sence had been commented on. Knowing that he was suffering from acute heart disease, and that my doctor had said that he had not long to live, 1 proceeded 'to his room, adjoining that of my uncle, fearing that he might be ill. But Fleetwood was 'not in his room. His bed had been made, and the apartment was in a clean and orderly con dition. I sought the chambermaid whose duty it was to attend to the bedrooms, and ascertained that she had attended as usual to Fleetwood1 s room. ' Tbe bed had been slept in? ' I inquired. ' Yes, sir,' replied the chambermaid. ' You are sure you have not seen him r ' 'I am sure, sir. I noticed that bis room was not as tidy as I've seen it generally. Things senmed to be in con fusion.' I returned to Fleetwood's apartment, between which and my uncle's, as I have mentioned, was a communicating door. J placed my ear to this door, and listened. ? . I heard no sound. I feoftly tried the door. Jt was locked; but whether it had been locked from the inside or (he outside I could not tell. By this time it was 1 o'clock, and I began to feel uneasy. I went to my wife, and consulted her. She hardly knew what to advise, having gathered from me how peremptory were :ny uncle's instructions that he should not be disturbed. But when another hour had passed we decided that, in the strange and ? unaccountable absence of Samuel- Fleetwood, we would make a gentle effort to arouse him. We stood together at the communicating door, and softly called to him, and presently called in a luuder tone, without receiving an answer. My wife frippel at the door, with no better result, and then I shook it, and called in a clear, loud tone, ' Uncle ! Uncle ! ' , A.nd still there was no response from him. \- . ' Ilicliard,' said my wife, -' I am alarmed. He is an old man, and ? ' i ?' She could not proceed. Speechless, she gazed at me, and I at her, and I ielt that in her mind, as in mine, - were recalled the words I had uttered on the previous night : 'Feeble and old! Yes, 'feeble and old! He is over seventy. If he should die to-night !' ' Something must be done,' I said. '^jt* How it caine about I know not, but now tfete -were other persons in the room besides ourselves— ftitt^f&wftsiijk-; and Mdlle. Rosalie. *^~ '? -2~ , ' The door should be forced,' said Mr. Mortlock. ' I will call again first,' I 6aid, and I cried, at the top of my voice, ' IJncle ! Uncle ! ' There was a dread portent in the silence that ensued. Feeling now that there was not a moment to lose, I put my shoulder to the door and tried to force it, but my strength was not great enough. ' Let me try,' said Mr. MortJock. - ? He put forth all bis strength, and literally smashed the I door in. Even at this dread juncture I noticed that Mdlle. Kosalie looked at him in admiration of his strength. ~ We stepped into the room, expecting and hoping that my uncle would leap from his bed at this unseemly intrusion, ; and confront us. Nothing of the kind occurred. The ' form of my uncle was upon the bed. encompassed by an ! awful stillness. We softly moved towards it, and. bending j forward, saw that he was cold and dead. Honur-fctruck, we retreated ; then instantly .stepped for ward again, my wife only keeping in the background. I lowered my ear to my uncle's mouth; it was rigid and fixed. 1 placed' niv hand upon, hifc heart ; it was pulse less, j 'Hei6 dead!' I said. i Mr. Mortlock cast infuriated glances at me. My wife was falling to the ground as I caught her. ' Poor gintleinan!' said Mdlle. Rosalie. ' Puor old gentlernau !' Chai-teu X.— THE DETECTIVE SUMS LT THE CASE. It was an awful sight. There was an expression of pain upon the gray upturned face, and it is the sacred truth that my feelines were those of a man upon whom had fallen a most terrible and overwhelming; blow. Fora few moments, supporting in my arms the insensible form of my dear wife, this, and no other, was the impression produced upon me by the awful incident. But it is the sacred truth as well that my agitation presently assumed auother phase. My uncle was dead — he had died before he could carry into execution ihe stem and ruthless design which would have shattered the happiness of my beloved ones. They had escaped the sentence he would have pronounced upon them. ' Is it true. Richard ?' my wile whispered. ' My God ! Is it true ?' ' It is as true that he is dead.' said Mr. Mortlock. between his teeth, 'as that he has been murdered !' An exclamation of horror burst from my lips and from the lips of my wife. Mdlle. Rosalie was silent. ' It is impossible,' I said, ' it cannot be.' ' Look here,' said Mr. Mortlock. He turned down the bedclothes, and pointed to a thin .circle round the deid man's neck. ' He has boon strangle!,' said Mr. Mortlock, ' in his sleep !' '? Heaven have mercy upon him !' murmured my wife, in a low shuddering voice. ' It will have,' said Mr. MorUock, ' no mercy upon his murderer.' ' It is strange,' said Mdlle. Rosalie, finding her voice, *' that nothing has been seen of Air. Samuel Fleetwood.'' ' No, no !' cried my wife, horrified at the suggestion. ' But,' said Mdlle. Rosalie, with persistence, ' it is strange, is it not, sir Y' ' It is,' I mechanically replied ; ' he must be found.' ' Meanwhile,' said Mr. Mortlock, ' this is a matter for the police.' '??' Fat the police !' I exclaimed. -. 'For the police!'1 repeated Mr. Mortlock. 'A wicked murder has been committed in your house. Do you pro ? pose to hush it up ':' 'No,' I replied, 'I do not. Your insinuation is in jurious and offensive.' ' Perhaps,' he retorted, with bitter emphasis, 'as in jurious and offensive as you have considered my presence in your house to have been.' ' Ah,' I said, ' you have observed that!' . ' 0, hush, hush !' murmured my wife. ' We are in the presence of death. ' I felt the force of her reproof, and I turned from Mr. Mortlock, and gazed about the room. There were no sifTD* of a struggle visible, not a trace of disorder. The dead man's clothing was folded by his bedside; tbe despatch - box, locked, was in its. place on the floor at the head of tbe bed ; even the bedclothes were smoothly arranged. 'The first and instant thing to be done,' said Mr. Mortlock, 'is to lock these rooms and to call in the police.' The advice was proper and practical. The commuui calin£ door could not be locked, having been broken iu : but I locked the door of Fleetwood's room. With the key THE BETROTHAL. ! in my pocket 1 and those who were with me proceeded to the ground- floor. Whether it was brought about by acci dent or design I know not, but Mdlle. Rosalie and I -were side by side a moment or two, in the rear of my wife and Mr. Mortlock. ' Strangled, he paid, sir.' 6he whispered. ' Yes,' I replied mechanically. 'The rope must have been thin,' she whispered. ' Did you notice how narrow the mark was round his neck !'' I nodded and passed on, and, seeing Mdlle. Rosalie's brother, Redwing, 'in the garden, called to him, and bade him take a note, which I hastily wrote, to the police station. As soon afterwards as was practicable three officers pre sented themselves — an inspector, an ordinary policeman. and a detective— and I conducted them to the apartment in which the dead body of ray uncle was lying. At the in spector's request 1 handed him the key of Fleetwood's room, and he took possession also of the key of my uncle'6 room, which was in the lock inside. ' These rooms are now in our charge, sir,' said the in spector to me, ' and no one must enter them without my permission.' ' I understand that,' I said. At the examination which they then proceeded to make only Mr. Mortlock and I were present of my household. My wife had no wish to accompany ns. Mdlle. Rosalie had expressed her willingness to do so, bat she was not allowed. I did not require prompting to relate to the officers all that I knew concerning my uncle's movements which, in my judgment, had any bearing upon the matter. I said nothing of the conversation which so vitally affected my future prospects in life, for 1 deemed it a purely private affair. Mr. Mortlock then supplied the officers with in formation, and I learnt that he had been with my uncle in his bedroom after they had both wished us good-night. He had remained with my uncle half an hour or so in private converse, and, to my relief, nothing fell from his lips as he spoke to the officers with respect to Eunice. He had concluded his narration, when he made a remark which, had 1 not kept a strong guard over my feelings, would have brought the tell-tale blood to my face. The officers had turned down the bedclothes, and my uncle's hands were lying by his side. Mr. Mortlock &tooped; and looked at them. 'Mr. Wilmot,' he said, 'had a diamond ring on his finger last nigh). It was a single stone ring, and the diamond was of fine sparkle, and attracted my attention.' They searched the room for the ring, and I assisted them, the ring being all the time in my pocket. I dared not pro duce it, fearing the construction that might be placed upon its being in my possession. ?* 'That looks,' said the inspector, ' as if robbery were the motive. The murderer is in danger ; the ring can be identified 'r ' 'I will swear to it,' said Mr. Mortlock. ' You see, gentlemen,' remarked the inspector, '? these fellows generally supply us with a clue. That ring dis covered, we shall soon lay hands on the murderer.' 'And yet,' observed Mr. Mortlock, 'it hardly looks as if robbery were the motive. Mr. Wilmot's watch and chain have not beon touched.' ' That doesn't matter,' said the inspector; 'it is left to put us off the scent. What is in that despatch-box? ' ' A large sum of money,' I replied, ' and 6ome valuable jewels. On the night of Mr. Wilmot's arrival here— that is, the night before last— I assisted him to count the money. Thoie were five thousand pounds.' The inspector gave a low whistle of astonishment. ' That's a large sum to carry about— a dangerous sum. It is putting temptation into men's way.' ' It was Mr. Wilraot's whim,' said Mr. Mortlock. ' I travelled with him abroad for some time, and he seldom carried less than that amount.' ' Of course,' said the inspector, ' that was his affair. It's a good thing to have it to carry about. Few of us have the luck.' ' The despatch-box should he examined,' said Mr. Mortlock. 'It is what I intend,' said the inspector. 'First, the key.' It was found in one of the murdered man's pockets. ' Destructive of your theory,' observed Mr. Mortlock. ' Don't be too fast, sir, begging your pardon. Seeing's believing.' He unlocked the despatch -box. The money was gone. The inspector looked at Mr. Mortlock triumphantly, and said, ' How about my theory now, ^ir? ' ' You arc right. The murderer is also a thief.' ' Now, sir,' said the iuspector to me, ' can you teH us what shape this money took 'i ' ?'lcan,'l replied. 'There were 5O0 sovereigns and £4o00 in Bank of England notes.' ' Do you know anvlhing of the numbers of the notes, sir?' * ? ' I do not.' ' To j'our knowledge did deceased part with this money, or any of it, since his arrival ?' ' No.' 'He may have banked it in a local bank ? ' ' He has' not stirred out of my grounds.' ' Thank you, sir. The numbers of the notes may be written down somewhere on these papers.' It was during this search that I made another dis covery. ' The will is gone,' I cried. ' The will i* ' said the inspector. ' My uncle's will. I saw it the night before last.' ' Did you read it, Bir ? ' ' I did not, but I know its purport.' *' Any objection to say what it was, sir ? ' 'None at all. It made me his heir.' ' But what would be the use of the will to the mur derer r ' asked the inspector, more of himself than of us. ' Leave that to me.' It was the detective who spoke, for the first time. ' I should like to have a little private conversation with your servants.' ' My entire household is at your disposal. For heaven's sake sift this dreadful affair to the bottom. I will reward you well.' ' T do not think there will be much difficulty,' said the detective, with unusual modesty in one of his class. ' There, are three clues — four, 1 may say.' 'Four?' 'Four. First, the money. The sovereigns may be epent ; not so easy with the bank-notes. We shall trace their numbers. Second, the ring. The murderer holds it, and will keep it. They never have the pluck to throw such things away. 1 shouldn't wonder,' he said contempla tively, ' if he sometimes puts it on his finger. There's a fascination in diamonds, sir. Third, the cord with which deceased was strangled. That's a trifle, you'll eay. Not at all. Keep it about you, and it may be found. Bum it, and the act may excite attention. Throw it away, say in a garden or a street, and it may be picked up. Throw it into the water, and it will float. It must be a strong piece of cord with which that ' — pointing to the body—' was done. It must be a thin piece. Conclusion — whipcord- Fourth, Samuel Fleetwood. He has disappeared. Even if he were to come on a sudden among us, he wouldn't be allowed to go away again. It's of no use stopping here any longer. I shall feelobliged if you will write down on this piece of paper the names of every person in the house, and their position here. I propose to say a word or two to them— me and the inspector— in Samuel Fleetwood's room. One by one, sir.' While I wrote down the names of all the persons in my house the officer put the papers back into the despatch bos, and locked it. Then, but not in my presence, every person connected with my establishment had a short inter view with the officers. Even my wife and daughter were uot spared. After that the detective and the inspector took their departure, leaving the policeman in charge of the rooms. Thoroughly exhausted and worn out, I went into the sitting-room,' where the ladies of the house, dressed now in mourning, were assembled. The Clanronalds, to whose cars the news of the tragedy had already travelled, were with them, and shook hands with me, in mute sympathy for the trouble thai had fallen upon us'. Mr. Clanronald drew me aside, and we exchanged a few words in hushed tones. ?? Harry told me,' said Mr. Clanronald, ' that your un happv uncle did not eeeiu to regard him with favour. When vou and I first spoke together about our children's affection for each other I wae not acquainted with your uncle's name, and if you had mentioned it I should doubt ' less have looked upon it as a coincidence, the name of '. Wilmot not being- a very uncommon one. But, after hear ing what Harry had to say, 1 could come to no other con clusion than that your poor uncle and I knew one another in the past, very, very many years ago, and that it was through me that he did not receive Harry with favour. We loved the same woman, Harry's mother, and she chose me. That was the cause of our difference, and he could never have forgiven me. I hoped to-day that he and I would i have become reconciled, but this sad event has prevented the reconcilement. I am truly, truly grieved.' It was a simple explanation, but perfectly natural ; and I saw no reason for telling Mr. Clanronald what Mr. Wilmot had said with reference to him. It would only have pained him, and would serve no good end. I thought of words my uncle had spoken ; that he had only loved one woman, his sister, and I set this statement down to wounded pride. He would not confess that he had ever loved a woman whom he would have made his wife had not a rival taken her from him. ' Richard,' said my wife, 'you are tired out. Go to your room and lie down for an hour. If anything occurs I will call you.' Chapter XI,— THE itlNG AND THE CORD. It was not rest that I required, but solitude ; and sorely did I feel the need for it. It was vitally necessary that I should immediately decide whether to reveal everything or preserve silence, and allow events to take their course with out assistance or intervention from me. To debate this with myself I must be alone. In my state ot indecision I might by chance betray myself ; once resolved, I should be on my guard. I entered my bedchamber and locked the door. It was my usual habit when I was mentally troubled to walk slowly this way and that; the physical action assisted thought; but on this occasion I recognised the necessity of keeping still. My bedroom was directly over the apartment iu which the members of my establishment, with the ClanronalOs, and perhaps Mr. Mortlock, were sitting. They might hear my footsteps, and conclude that I was disturbed in my mind. The least danger must be avoided ; my silence would lead them to believe that I was asleep. Only the innocent could sleep in such circum stances as those in which I found myself. This miser able piece of sophistry brought a smile of self-despisal to my lipa. hat this smile of contempt changed to one of pity, l was innocent. I had thought of sin, but I had committed none. True, I had in my pocket the dead man's ring, but I had not the remotest idea how it came there. Yet, were I to produce it I should be in danger, for it was scircely likely that my professions of ignorance would be believed. Putting another man in my place, and receiving from him such a statement as it was only in my power to make, I should discredit it, as ray state ment would be discredited by others. The ring had been seen on my uncle's finger by Mr. Mortlock on the previous night ; and after' Mr. Mortlock's departure from my uncle's rooms no other person in my establishment, with the exception of Samuel Fleetwood, could have had access to him. Then, how came the ring in my possession ? The inspector had said, *' That ring discovered, we shall soon lay hands upon the murderer.' The time to produce it, if it were produced at all, was when those words were uttered ; the time was gone, and the opportunity lost. I might say I picked it up ; but the passages as well as the rooms had been searched by the lynx eyes of the police officers. Had the ring been lying anywhere about, it could not have escaped them ; and might not my false state ment throw suspicion upon some innocent person ? I could throw the ring away in the garden, or in a pond in my grounds wherein water lilies grew ; but my act might be observed, and the construction it would invite would un doubtedly be a guilty one. During all the time 1 was engaged in these considerations I knew that I was guilty of moral cowardice. Innocent, what had I to fear ? And yet 1 could not instil into myself the courage to proclaim the truth, even though the 'absence and presumable flight of Samuel Fleetwood pointed to him as the criminal. Again and again did the image of this man, whom I had believed to be so faithful and upright present itself ; again and again did I find myself wandering into speculations as to whether he was really the guilty person ; but I drove him, and all thought of him, for the present from my mind, which I desired should be wholly concentrated upon my own position in this tragic incident. I had arrived at the conclusion that there was no course open to me but that of absolute secrecy with respect to the ring, when my eyes fell upon the piece of thin whipcord,, of which I* have already mentioned, hanging from beneath the pillow of the couch on which I had 6lept. Tremblingly I drew it forth and examined it. There were marks on it which, in the light of what had occurred, proved the fell purposo to which it had been applied. It was just such a cord, and, indeed, it could hardly be doubted that it was the cord, with which my uncle had been strangled. Then 1 knew that I was in deadly peril. What the detective had said with reference to it recurred (o mo word for word : ' Third, the cord with which de ceased was strangled. That's a trifle, you'll say. , Not at all. Keep it about you, and it may be found, burn it, and the act may excite attention. Throw it away, say, in a garden or a street, and it may be picked up. Throw it into the water, and it will float. It must be a strong piece of cord with which it was done. It must be a thin-piece. Conclusion— whipcord.' In the silence I seemed to hear the damning words. And the fatal cord itself was in my hands, and I dare not rid myself of it. My mind was agitated by whirling thoughts. All kinds of horrifying possibilities presented themselves. What if the door were suddenly burst open by the officers of justice, and I was found with the ring and the cord in my posses sion ? What if my wife were to call to me, urgently de siring to see me ? Outside my bedroom window was a tree, from the branches of which a person could see into the room. AVhat if Mr. Mortlock, my enemy, were to climb this tree, and peer in? I thrust the cord hastily into my pocket, and looked in fear et the window and the door, and listened with the terror of a man who was being hunted to death. All was still and silent. Thank God ! I set myself at the bar of conscience, and questioned myself as though I were a dual being— a judge, anda man accused of murder. ' ' Are you guilty or not guilty ?' ' Not guilty, as heaven is my judge !'' ' How came that ring in your possession ?' ' I do not know.' ' How came that cord to be concealed beneath your pillow?' ' I do not know.' ' And yet you declare yourself to be innocent ?' ' In the presence of Eternal God, £ swear that I am innocent!' II The mau who was murdered held your future in his hands?' ' He did.' ' He threatened you with ruin ?' ' He did.' ' Had he lived a few hours that threat would have been carried into execution ? You and yours would have been thrust, beggared, into the world ?' ' It is true.' ' Last night you said to your wife that it was monstrous such a blow should be dealt to you by a feeble old man. You repeated, 'Feeble and old! He is over seventy. If he should die to-night ! ' ' ' I spoke those words. God forgive me for them !' ' Last night you gave your wife an opiate, to insure that she should not 'wake while you committed the crime you had determined upon. Do you deny that ?' ' I do not deny it. My wife was in need of repose, and I gave her a sleeping draught.' ' All this is clear evidence of your guilt. Your re peated denials aggravate your crime. By your own deeds and words you stand convicted. Confess your guilt.' ' I am innocent.' How feeble was my defence ! Sitting as a judge-upon another jnan I should have pronounced his sentence. There was but one sanctuary for me : secrecy. There was but one escape for me : that Samuel Fleetwood should be ar rested and iiroved guilty of the crime. One comforting suggestion presented itself : the missing money. I had it not, and knew not where it was. 1 determined to con vince myself that 1 bad nut unconsciously secreted it in my room. Careful and laborious was the search I made. I left not a drawer unopened ; I looked in every possible nook and corner ; I examined every article of furniture, and I breathed a prayer of thankfulness that my search was vain. Then I finally decided upon my course of action. I would keep the ring* and the cord about me ; not even to my wife ?would I utter one word concerning them. When Samuel Fleetwood was caught I should be safe. Until then I must play my part and pursue my usual way, with a deadweight of terror in my heart. Making everything straight in the room, I rejoined my family. Upon the events of th'e few following days I need not dwell at length. An inquest was held, at which I and all in my house were examined. The jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against Samuel Fleetwood— against the man I would have trusted not only with untold gold, but with my honour and the honour of those most dear to me. Sad were the days. There was no talk of the marriage of Eunice and Harry. Mr. Mortlock left my house, but remained in the neighbourhood. The police hunted in vain for Samuel FleetwooL In conversation with my wife, we strove to discover a motive for his crime. He was a man whom vre had always thought absolutely careless, almost scornful, of money. I owed him, indeed, a sum of more tban fifty pounds for wages, which, when L had spoken to him about it, he had begged me to retain until he had use for it. He had no one dependent upon him. He bore no grudge against the murdered man. What, then, could have been his motive? A word about my uncle's will. None being found, it was for me, as next of kin, to take out letters of adminis tration. But I delayed to do so, and my wife approved of the delay. We both considered that any sign of haste would be indecent. Meanwhile I offered a large reward for the apprehension of Samuel Fleetwood, and the bills were posted throughout the country. So things went on, until a fatal day arrived. How well I remember it ! All the incidents of that fatal day remain with me an indelible memory. It was Thursday. It had happened that on the very day on which my uncle had met his death my half-yearly allowance was due, and his London lawyers had sent it to my bank on the previous night. Thus there was to my credit a considerable sum. But I was also largely in debt. The expenses attendant upon my uncle's visit, certain of my own regular expenses, and the charges for the funeral, which, not out of ostentation but of respect, I made im posing, remained undef rayed. 7 he accounts for all these had come in, and I resolved to discharge them on Friday. It bad ever been a habit of mine to pay what I owed in cash instead of by cheque. The bills totted up to a sum of between five and six hundred pounds, and on the Thursday I refer to 1 drew out of the bank by cheque one thousand pounds. Part of the extra money 1 intended to give my wife towards Eunice's wedding trousseau, the preparation of which would healthfully divert her mind. Since the day of my uncle's death I had not been outside the boundary of my grounds except to attend the inquest and the funeral, and had, therefore, not mixed as usual with the townspeople. On my way 1 exchanged salutations with one and another, and it struck me that there was a lack of cordiality in their greetings ; iu some of my acquaint ances, indeed, there seemed io be n certain avoidanco. This impression followed me to the bank, with the manager of which I generally spent a few moments when I transacted business there. 1 wrote out my cheque for one thousand pounds, and pissed it across the counter to the cashier, who took it into the manager's room. I was not surprised at this deviation from ordinary custom, the cheque being the largest I had ever drawn. The cashier returned, asked how 1 would take the money, and paid it to me. I inquired if the manager was in, and was informed that he was. As he did not come out to shake hands with me, or send me an invitation to come to his room, I concluded that lie was too busy to see me.; but when I left the bank I was not quite pleased. I may men tion that I received payment for the cheque in sovereigns. The reason for this was that I thought it would please my wife if I gave her the money for Eunice's trousseau in gold. I did not intend to give it to her on this day, but on Friday or Saturday. At the first blush the mention of these small matters may appear trivial, but it will be presently seen that they are of great importance. . On my road home with the money in my pocket, I met Mr. Mortlock ; he scowled at me and passed' on. This did not surprise me, but before reaching my house — to which I did not go. direct, having something to say to a tradesman —I saw him again, and this time in the company of the detective who had come, with other officers, to my house on the morning of the murder. Turning when I had gone a few steps further, I saw both of these men looking after me. My fears awoke ; the ring and the fatal cord were in my pocket: they had never left my possession. 1 entered my house in an uncomfortable frame of mind. What did this earnest conference of Mr. Mortlock and the detective bodcy Was there any connection between that and tho lack of cordiality I had observed in the greetings of tne.townspeople ? My wife noticed that 1 was mentally disturbed, and 6hc made tender reference to it. 1 felt that my manner was constrained as I replied to her affectionate inquiries. All that I have described look place on the morning of this'Thursday. 1 was at homo before noon. As the day waned my perturbation increased. I could not shake off a prep'age of coming evil. Locking the door of my study, 1 endeavoured to cheat the gloom which oppressed mo by arranging the accounts to be paid on the following day, aud counting out the money 1 had received for my cheque. I diil not succeed ; throughout my task dread possibilities presented themselves in threatening shape: my nerves werjs strung to a high pitch of tension ; with the torturing fear that it needed an extraordinary effort to meet with calmness a hidden danger, all my senses were abnormally awake; and it was due to this condition of mind that I was enabled to detect what otherwise would have escaped my attention — tho presence ot some person outside the donr ot my study. WitL a catlike motion I slid noiselessly to the door, swiftly unlocked it, and threw it suddenly open. I saw no one but Mdlle. Rosalie, who must have just passed. She turned her head, and slightly bowed. 1 nodded, and locked myself again in my room. There I remained till evening, when my wife knocked at the door, and called to me 'in a voice of extreme agitation. 'It is coming,' I thought, with set teeth, as I admitted her. Her face was 'white, her hands trembled, her voice shook as she spoke. ' The detective wishes to see you, Richard.' 'Good God!' 'fiiehard! cried my wife, laying her hand upon my arm. ' What is the matter V' ' Nothing— nothing,' I stammered. ' What should be the matter. Let the officer come in.' In point of fact he was already iu the passage ; I heard bis footsteps there. Involuntarily my hand wandered towards the pocket which contained the ring and the cord. '*? I took the liberty of following your wife, sir,' said tho detective, pushing open the door, 'the business being pressing ' ' Leave us,' I said to my wife. She obeyed, with a long, solicitous look at me. I turned to the detective. 'Well r' '*^An important matter, sir,' said the detective. ' Samuel TFleetwood is caught.' Chapter XII.— SAMUEL FLEETWOOD'S CON FESSION. ' Caught !' I ccho3d, my voice scarcely rising above a whisper. At that moment 1 felt that my fate was hanging in the balance. '* Not exactly caught, 6ir,' said the detective, in a tone of vexation, as though not the matter but the manner of the incident displeased him. ' He has given himself up.' ' How did it happen F' ' I was in the police station with the inspector when a man came in, or rather staggered in. We had to catoh him to prevent him from falling,'and we thought, of course, that he was drunk. Not a bit of it. Nearer dead than drunk. With a face like the face of a ghost, and worn to a skeleton, when he could speak, he said in a voice vre could hardly hear, it was eo faint, ' My name is Samuel Fleetwood. ~ I have come to give myself up for ? the niarder of Mr. Wil mot in Boscorabe Lodge.' With that he swooned, and we ' called in the doctor, who gave it as his opinion that the ' man was dying. We restored him to his senses, and the inspector asked him if he knew what he had said. ' Yes,' he answered. 4 1 murdered Mr. Wilmot.' * Be careful,' said the inspector ; * whatever you say may be brought in evidence against you.' ' I am aware of it,' said Fleet wood, and repeated, ' I murdered him.' He tried to say more, but he hadn't the strength ; go, acting upon the doctors advice, wo removed him to a roum, where he could be attended to. ihere he signed his base statement, which the inspector had taken down, and then we left him to the ' doctor.' ' How long ago did this occur r' I asked, drawing a deep breath of relief, feeling that I was now safe from suspicion. ''' Two hours by my watch as I left the station to como to you.' ' Did the unhappy man send for me ?' 'No, sir; it was my own idea. You see, there's that reward you offered — ' ' He pause 1 . 'It shall be paid,' I said, 'although the criminal gave himself up of his own free-will instead of being appre hended. ' Spoken like a gentleman— begging your pirdon, sir.' ' When 1 saw you this morning with Mr. Mortlock,' I i Faid— and then I also paused in. the middle of a speech ; the question I was about to ask was injudicious. 'Well, sir,' said the detective, taking up the cue, ' I don't mind admitting (hat I was then on another track.' ' Prompted by Mr. Mortlock '*' ' In a manner of speaking, sir. He first put the idea into iny head. You would never guess it, and I mustn't say what it was.' But I had guessed it. Mr. Morilock, hating me and mine, would have incriminated me; it was he whoso malignant whisperings had caused me to be received as I had been on that morning. But that danger was now re moved. In the light of Samuel Fleetwood's admission, he was powerless to work out his wicked spite against ine. 'How was Fleetwood,' I asked, 'when you left the station 'r lietterr' ' Worse, sir. Sinking fast. Very little time to live, the doctor said. A clergyman was called in, and was with him when 1 left.' ' And you thought I might like to see him ? ' ' I thought as much, sir, though I don't know whether the inspector will allow it.' ' I am obliged to you. I should wish to see the unhappy man ; he might confess to me the motive for his crime.' ' It's my opinion, sir, he's confessing to the clergyman. Thank you, sir.' I had slipped a couple of sovereigns into his hand. 'There's something that ought to be got at, if the man is reallv dying.' ' What is tha't f' 'The money, sir, the five thousand pounds that was taken out of the box. He was asked about it, and all tho answer he gave was a strange smile. He could hardly havo spent it in the time.' '' Was there none found on him ?' 'There wasn't a brass farthing found on him ; and what is more, his clothes were in rags, and the doctor said that be must have been without food for more than two days.' ' It is, indeed, 6trange,' 1 remarked. ' I will go with you to the station.' I saw my wife before I left the house. ' You look better, Richard,' she said. '1 am better,' I replied. 'Terrible as tho incident is, it has removed a weight from uiy heart. When the last scene of this awful tragedy is enacted we will seek another liome. Much as I love this place, it has now beconio hateful to me.' This, 1 knew, was in accordance with the wishes of my wife, who never passed the room in which my uncle was murdered without a shudder, j told her what I had learnt from tbn detective of the condition of Samuel Fleetwood ; and she whispered that it would be merciful if he were to die before his trial, and that she hoped and prayed he would die repentant. ' I cannot trust myself to think of him,' she said. ' 1 ?had a sincere affection for him, and never believed that ho could be guilty of the least act of cruelly. Sometimes, Richard, 1 cannot help thinking that there is some dreadful mystery behind all this. If there is, Heaven will surely bring it to light !' ' There can be no mystery behind it,' I said fretfully and impatiently. 'Fleetwood's confession makes it us clear as the daylight sun. Do not vex me by indulging any longer in such baseless speculations.' I did not share her hope that Fleetwood would dio in prison. It was my wish that he should be brought to trial and found guilty; after that I should be content that lie should die before the just sentence of the law was carried out. But at the prison my inexorable wish melted into thin air: it was destroyed by a higher than a human judge — Samuel Fleetwood was dead ! ' He died quite peacefully, sir,' said the inspector, ' with a 6tnile upon his lips. He must have been in a queei state of mind after what he did, to say almost with his last breath, ' I go to join my beloved wife !' ' 'Did he make no further confession ?' I asked, con founded by the news. 'I believe he did, sir,' replied the inspector; 'the clergyman will produce it at the inquest, which must, ol course, be held on him. When he left the prison 1 under stood he was going to your house.' ' Wo did n-it meet him,' I said, looking helplessly around ; ' we came straight here.' ' It's no use worrying, sir,' said the inspector. ' With Fleetwood's confession and death there is an end of the affair.' Noddina:, I retraced uiy stcp«, and on the lawn in front of my house I was accosted by Mdlle. Rosalie. ' A clergyman has been here to sto you, sir,' she said ; 41 and left this packet for you.' 1 took it from hor hands, and would have passed on ; but there w;is something in her face which awoke within mo in fullest force the feelings of disapproval I had long enter tained towards her. ' Mddle. Rosalie,' I paid, ' I am about to exercise au authority which properly belongs to my wife.' ' Indeed, sir,' she said, raising her 'eyes to my face with sly meekness. Irritated bythe look, and bringing to mind the number of compromising circumstances in connection with her which had annoyed ine in the past, I said : 'It will be agreeable tome, mademoiselle, if you will regard your service in my establishment at an end.' 'Do you discharge me, sir?'f she asked with a placid smile. If it was her purpose lo aneer me, she succeeded. ' I discharge you,' I said, with a wrathful look. ' Not suddenly and immediately, sir 'r' ' Yes, suddenly and immediately.' '? But it is almost dark, sir, and to be thrust from your house so abruptly would ruin my reputation.' 'You will leave my house to-morrow,' 1 said. 'After to-morrow you shall not sleep in it another night.' ' Do you forget, sir, that I am to be one of your daughter's bridesraaidsV' ' 1 forget nothing that has occurred. It is niv opinion that you are not a fit associate for my wife' or mv daughter.' 'In point of character, s'r r' ' In point of everything.' ' That is a shocking thing to say to a virtuous woman,' she said slowly, and with marked cumhasis. ' But I * wonder who will be the first to leave' this houses vou or I i' She glided away, leaving me in a state of the bitle:cfil resentment against her for her impudent words. But 1 would not waste further time upon her. It was necessary that I should ascertain without delay what the packet con'' tained which the clergyman had left tor me. I went to uiy study, lit the gas, and opened the packet. Ihe first thing which attracted me was an unsealed letter from the clergyman, which I proceeded to read. '? My dear Sir,— I write this at the bedside of Samuel Fleetwood, whose confession I have taken down from his own lips. The original of this confession, duly signed bv Samuel Fleetwood, and witnessed by me, I retain, to deliver to the authorities. The document you will find herein is a faithful copy of the same, which 1 made at the unhappy man's urgent request, who exacted from me the promise that l would deliver it to you ns soon as he was dead. Lctiring to comply faithfully and exactly with the request. I write these explanatory lines, to provide for the con tingency of your not being at home when I call. I have time' to do this, as Samuel lleetwood is still lingering, and I cannot leave him until all is over. I cannot say that 1 am entirely satisfied with the confession, ulear and'explicit as it must be to all who read it:' My reason for dissatis faction lies in the fact that after the confession was drawu out, I asked the dying criminal to swear to its truth, and that he lightly refused, saying that surely the words of u dying man would suffice. There must be strange conlni dicli »r.s in his nature. As one who Las sal at many dea ti- led.-, 1 should have expected that, havinjr committed a crime bo horrible, Samuel Fleetweed would have beru ashamed to meet his Maker. It ia not so. Unless I have g ithered a false impression from lu's utteranres, he goes to hfe account in a , calm, reliant spirit, weighed down by no fears of the judgment of the Eternal Lord. You will find also in the packet I leave for you a sealed letter from the ' criminal, wnicb he mast hare already prepared hefore he gave faimBelf up to human justice, and successfully con- ' cealed from those who searched him in prison. It is, he j fcays, for your eyes alone, and I have faithfully carried out ! his most earnest, nay, his Eoienin desire, by enclosing it . herewith. Heaven have mercy upon all sinners '.' j This letter led me to expect that I should find two in- , closures in the packet. 1 here was, however, but one. the - heading of which was 'Copy of Samuel Fleetwood's Con fession.' The sealed letter was missing ! Had the clergyman forgotten to put it in the packet, or ! had I dropped it on.the la wn ? Ko, not the' latter, because the packet was firmly tied round with string-, which I had to cut before-I could open it, the knot being fast. How ever, I went out and looked, but did not find it. 1 here was another possible explanation : that Mdlle. Rosalie had ex tracted it, with the idea that it contained some information which would be of value to her. Should I go to her and accuse her of the theft p 'So; it would be useless; she would deny it, and I should be no better off. I decided, after a little reflection, to read the Confession first, and then to hasten to the clergyman's house, and' ask him forthe missing document. I should have gone immediately had it not been that I was too anxious to read Samuel Fleetwood's Confession. It ran as follows : ' I, Samuel Fleelweed, lately and for many years in the service of Kit-hard Pardon,* Esq., being on* the point of death, and knowing that I have but a few hours to live, hereby confess that I, and I alone, murdered my master's uncle. Mr. Wilniot, who had come to pay my master a visit at fioscombe Lodge. No person bat I am implicated in the dreadful deed, no person urged me to it, no person but I am responsible for it. ' I can plead nothing in extenuation. It must have been tbe devil who put the idea into my head of murdering and robbing my master's dear friend. ' I awoke in the middle of the night with the awfuj purpose in my mind. A voice whispered to me, ' Kill him ! He has five thousand pounds in a despatch-box. The box lies at the head of bis bed. Tbe key is in his pocket. He is an infirm man, and the deed can be easily and swiftly done. Tnen, take the money, and fly.' ' I will make no pretence to account for this devilish prompting. Mr. Wilniot hud done me no wrong. I was not labouring under any sense of injustice from his hands, or from the hands of the kind master and mistress in whoEc service I was employed. I had hitherto enjoyed a pood character. My master was a good master ; my mistress was the swettest lady on earth. Cbeerfnlly, had I been asked, would I have laid down my life for her.' All that I can advance is, that there ore times in the lives of the best and noblest of men— which title I do not arrogate to myself — when ibey arc afllicted and overcome by wicked and devilish temptation. ' He lay asleep in his bed. I had in mv pocket a thin piece of whipcord. Without arousing him from his slumbers I managed to put this cord round his neck. With all my Ftrength I pulled it light, and sat upon his limbs to prevent him from rifing. It was soon accomplished. The poor gentleman was dead. ' I searched in his pockets for tbe key of his despatch - box, and found it. I unlocked the box, took out the money, locked the box again, and replaced the key in the dead gentleman's pocket. Then I observed a ring upon his finger. I drew it off, and with the money and the ring in my possession I fled from the house in which 1 bad been treated with unvarying kindness and consideration. ' I succeeded in escaping unobserved, and hefore noon I waE at a sufficient distance from Sevenoaks to believe myself safe. But I knew that when (be murder was discovered, and it w as found that I had fled, the police would be after me. 1 was, therefore, very careful in my movements, and kept myself concealed during the day, 'and walked Jfrom place to place in the night. 1 :nanaged to get hold of a newspaper in which I read an account of the murder, and a description of my personal appearance. It was a long account, and it told everything about the robbery of the money and the ring. This made me fearful of keeping these about me, and being one sight on a bridge I tied them in a iiockethandkerchief, to which I attached some heavy stones. Then I threw the treasure into the river. From that night I have no clear remembrance of what occurred. 1 suffered great hardships from hunger, and often thought I should die. At length, my life being a torture too great to bear, 1 determined to^ go back to Sevcooaks and give myself into tho.hands of justice. ' For all uiy sins 1 crave Divine forgiveness. ' I crave for forgiveness, also, of my master and of my clear mistress and her daughter, for having brought this dit- lrcFR upon (heir home. (Signed) 'Sakvsl Fi.ektwoo».' Straightforward und fatally incriminating as this con fession could not fail to be to the minds of strangers, it satisfied ijic less than it had satisfied tbe clergyman who liad taken it down from Samuel Fleetwood's dying lips. Certainly that portion of it was false which referred to his drawing the ring off the finger of the dvingman, and of his having thrown it into the river. The ring was in my pocket, and, from the moment I found it there, had never left my possession. I had hoped that the confession would have set my conscience at rest. It had not done so. My thoughts became presently centred upon the sealed letter which was missing from the packet. It was for ray (?yes alone, Samuel Fleetwood had declared. Doubtless the clergyman had it. I would proceed to his house at once, and ask him for it. lie was at home when I arrived, and did not keep me waiting a moment. J explained the object of my visit. He expressed surprise, and faid he was positive lie had placed the sealed letter in the packet. ' 1 fcave the nioEt distinct remembrance,' he said, ' of putting it there. The unhappy nian set such importance upon its reaching your hands without delay that I was more than ordinarily careful. As you opened the packet it must have dropped out. Most likely you will find it in your house.' I did not prolong the interview. Returning to my house 1 made another search, with the same result. The letter was nowhere to be found. I passed the evening in a miser able frame of mind. Until that letter was in my possession I could know no peafiK I determined to make still another search after all in my household had retired to rest. I did not see Mdlle. Rosalie, and I inferred that she was in her room, making preparations for her departure on the morrow. To my wife and daughter I said nothing of the confession, determining to leave' tho disclosure till the following day, in the hope that I should succeed in finding tbe missing document. Chapteu XIII.— THE MISSING LETTER. It was 1 o'clock in the morning, and I waE in my study alone. My hist search for Samuel Fleetwood's sealed letter had proved fruitless. I was in despair, and yet I knew not what I had to-fear. Absorbed in distressful meditation, I did not hear a soft knocking at my study door, which was locked, and it was not till it was repeated several times, as I was presently informed, that it reached my ears. ' It is my wife,' I thought; 'she is uneasy that lam not abed.' 1 opened the door and saw — Mdlic Rosalie ! 'Without asking permission, she glided into the room. ' How dare vou,' I cried, 'intrude upon me at euch an bourV' ' Speak low,' she said, ' for your own sake. I have knocked at your door several times; vou must .have been busily engaged not to have heard me.'' There was to insolent calmness in her voice, but, troubled as I was, I shook off the dread «liich it inspired. ' If you do not instantly leave the room,' I said, ' I will call my wife, and your shameless character shall be ex p5sed.' *' Call her,' said Mdlle. Rosalie, ' and find vcur-elf in prison within an hour, charged with the murder of Mr. Wilmol !' I sank KpicdilcBS into my chair. Mdlle. Rosalie elepited Kuftly to the do»r, and turned the key. 'For your sake,' ehesaid ; 'your life is in niy hands.' 1 gazed at her in silence; she inclined her head, as though 1 bad asked a question, and the bad answered it. 'Yes,' she i=aid, 'it depends upon me whether you meet your fate upon the gallowe. Not at all a pleasant idea!' «? Speak plainly,' I managed to gasp. ?« I have come here to do so, and have chosen this hour, in order that we shall not be disturbed. Alter your treat ment of me I do not know why I should with to save you : but it may be made worth my' while. Besides, rav nature is merciful. 1 would return 'good for evil.' li Go on,'' I said, 'straight to the point.' ' It is my intention. Will vou not invite me to be seated f ' ' I will not.' ' Air! you will soon change youi tune. I gave you a ; packet this evening which I received from a clergyman.' I ' You did,' I said, and feared to add that from this packet there was a document missing which might be of importance to me. _ l€ When I received it.' she continued, 'with the injunc tion to deliver it into your hands directly you came home, I thought I would first see what it contained.' '? You infamous woman ! ' ' I advise you to be polite. Therefore I went to my room, and opened it. Shall I tell you what it con tained :' 'I atn listening to you.' ' It is most coneiderate of you, seeing that your life hangs upon a thread which it is in my power to* cut. It contained a letter addressed to yon by the clergyman. I read it with great interest. It contained also a copy of Samuel Fleetwood's false confession. I read that with greater interest. It contained also a private letter to you from Samuel Fleetwood. I read that with, even greater interest - indeed, with so much interest that 1 retained it.' ' You stele it, then r' ' If you choose to put it in those words I am agreeable. I rfole it. Mr. Pardon, you are not a young man ; you must have had experiences and adventures; you must know something of men and life. I am younger than you — _ much, very much younger— but 1 have had my experiences' and adventures, and I know something, too, of men and life. Just now, judging from your agitation, I am the clearer-headed of the two, and 1 tell you that never did man stand in such fearful danger as you do at this moment. A disgraceful, an infamous grave is yawning wide for you, and I alone can lead you from it to safe ground. But 'you buy your safety upon my terms.' I looked helplessly around ; her words carried conviction with them. She wilfully misconstrued my distracted gaze. ' 1 know why you are looking about. Yon are a strong man ; I am a weak woman. Have you any intention of committing a second murder !* Do not entertain if, I beg; weak as I am, I shall be able to defend myself till I alarm the house. Then no power on earth ca'n save you from your fate. I was speaking of Samuel Fleetwood's private letter, and I told you that I retained it. What is more, I made a copy of it.' The original is put safely away ; it is in the hands of one who will use it if the need occurs. Samuel Fleetwood did not niurddr Mr. Wilmot, but he Eaw the deed done,' 'He saw it done:' I gasped. 'Who, then, is the murderer 'r' ' What a question ! Who is the murderer r You ! You, and no other man !' 41 You lie!' I cried. ' You lie !' ' I speak the truth, and you know it. Samuel Fleet wood's confession is a false confession, made not so much to save you ae to save your wife and daughter from in delible infamy. I toM you I had read the confession, which, of course, you have also done. What do you think of that part of it which speaks of the cord with which the unfortunate gentleman was strangled ': Do you know any thing of that cord ? Could you produce it if you were forced to do so ? '' It did not seem to me that a human teing was speaking. The words I heard seemed to be uttered by come remorseless devil. ' So much for the cord,' she said. ' There is another part of the confession which must have puzzled you— the ring with its remarkable diamond. What do you think of the description Samuel Fleetwood gives in bis confession of having taken it off the dead man's finger? What do you think of the description he gives of having thrown it into a river ? Shall 1 hazard a guess, and declare that you, and no other man, know where that ring is at tbis moment 'i Shall I hazard a gtcts and declare that, if j ou were at this moment seized and searched, the ring which proclaims you thief and murderer would be discovered ? Oblige me with an answer to that.' She paused, obviously with the intention of giving me time to reflect. But all* jwwer of logical thought had passed from me. All I could tay was : ' I must know more, flavc you with you the copy of the private letter you say you made r ' ' I have it with* me.' ' Will you let me read it ': ' ' 1 brought it for vou to read. Invite me to be seated.' 'Be seated.' * . Sbo laughed, and made me a mockicg obeisance ; then, seating herself, handed uie (he following' document: — 'JtTom Samuel Fleetwood, dead, to Richard Pardon, Esq., living. ' When this reaches your hands I shall be dead, lying in a dishonoured grave. By man I shall be condemned, and in man's eyes my name will be infamous, but the Supreme, I hope and believe, will forgive the sin it is my intention to commit. This contemplated sin will take the form of a confession, in which I shall declare myself to be guilty of the awful crime you committed. When you read these lines, you alone, of all men living, will know that I am innocent. ' It was an hour past midnight when I wag awoke from my sleep by Mr. Wilmot'e voice. Thinking he needed my eervicep, I went into his room, and found him in deep slumber, talking to himself. He was talking of you and my honoured and beloved mistress and daughter; and although, af ter 1 had convinced myself that I was 'not required, I did not stop to listen, 1 heard sufficient to suspect that, unless you bent yomsclf to 'Mr. Wilmot's commands, it was his purpose to ruin and beggar you. Sad at heart, I returned to my room and sought my bed, and presently fell asleep again. I must have slept about two houre, when I started up in bed with an impression that some person besides himself was in Mr. Wilmot's apartment. I rose, and wob about to ascertain whether this was so, when the door between his room and mine was softly opened and vou came forth. 1 shrank out of sight, and could not help seeing thatyour face was white and convulsed, and that yonr limbs were trembling vio lently. Stepping very qnietly, fearful of attracting notice, you left my room. Waiting a little while to give you time to get clear away, I once more entered Mr. Wilmot's apart ment, and discovered, to my horror, that be had been murdered— by you. ' What was I to do? To give the alarm, and point to you as the murderer \ In that case, indeed, your ruin and disgrace would be complete ; and not alone yours, but that of the beloved mistress for whom I would cheerfully have laid down my life. Overwhelmed by this reflection, I de voted a few minutes to thought. To all outward evidence, I was the only witness of your awful crime ; my evidence, and only mine, could convict you. What a frightful repay ment for all the angelic kindness I and my dead wife had received trom my beloved mistress ! To condemn the man she loved to the Bcaffold, and make all her fa hire life and that of the daughter she loved so deeply a life of agonising ehamc and sorrow. I saw them pointed at, shunned, or thrust aside in rags, beggiDg for a crust. Could I not avert this terrible fate 'i I could. ' From symptoms which were unmistakable, I knew that I had 'myself but a short time to live— perhaps not more than a few days. I was happily without a relative in the world to whom my death, would tiring a pang of sorrow. I could give my life for yours. 1 could take your crime upon myself. ' My resolution was made. AH that I desired to avoid was a shameful end upon the scaffold. Flight would fasten suspicion on me. I might be able to conceal my self till I was convinced the end was near. Then would I give mvself into tbe bands of justice, and make confession of the crime. Even if I were taken, I should in all proba bility die in prison. A f ter all, Ihe sacrifice would not be so great ; a few days of suffering — that was all : and when we had done with mortal life it is by God — ii'»t by man — that we are judged. Doubtless you would keep your fear ful secret, and mv beloved mistress would never know that tho hands of her husband, who held her happi ness and honour in his keeping, were stained with blood. ' I fled, and for some time have ' «:'i osfully evaded pur suit ; hut I fee) 1 am sinking f.i i. It u time for me to give myself up and make my falso '.-o^f'-sMijn. 1 'rom news papers which 1 managed to obtain 1 hu:z.i all llic ,urround ings of the crime. I read of the niunty h ;i;y missing from the despatch box, and oi the stolen ling. It s by means of t'tis information that I shall be able to make the confession so circumstantial that it cannot be doubted. -- - ? ? '?You are free: ycur secret is safely hidden in my grave. What I have done and shall do is for my beloved mistress and her child. To you I say, repent. lindeavour by good deeds to atone for the crime which must weigh heavily upon your eouI. Pray and humble yourself before the Divine Throne: and not only for this deed of blood, but for your guilty intimacy with* Mdlie. Rosalie, may God pardon you. Destroy the last visible traces of your 'crime, and burn this paper. Farewell '. '? Samuel Fleetwood.' Chapter XIV.— FAREWELL TO HOME AND LOVE. Stunned and bewildered, I sat gazing at the death warrant in my trembling hand. It was no less. This letter, made public, would seal my doom. I was, then, a murderer. In my sleep I had killed my uncle, and had afterwards drawn the rope from his neck and the ring from his finger. In this way it was that those articles came into my possession. Mechanically my hand stole to the pocket in 'which they were concealed. Mdlle. Rosalie smiled, and in that smile I saw that she knew the meaning of the morion. I could not speak ; I could not lift my head. 'Well,' said Mdlle. Rosalie, 'have you nothing to say ?* *' What can I say r' I muttered. How much higher than I was this base woman. Full of venom, maliciousness, and spite as she ?was, her soul was free from blood-guiltiness. ' You are guilty,' ehe said. ' I must be guilty,' I said mechanically. ' What do you propose to do ':' ?''I propose,' she replied in a voice of much sweetness, ' to save you.' ' To save me !' I exclaimed. ' I am not fit to live.' ?' Perhaps not,' she said drily ; ' but yoa have a wife and daughter. What would your disgraceful death mean to them r*' Tbis reference to those dear innocent ones whose honour was my honour, whose shame was my Ehame, and who, were l' brought to the bar of justice, would share my in famy, completely unmanned uie. A sob of agony escaped from my lips. ' Is ft not Troth while,' said Mdlle. Rosalie, 'to save yourself, so that they may be saved ?' ' Yes, yes,' I gasped, seizing her hand and looking im ploringly into her face. 'To save them from ignominy, from lifelong sorrow. O God ! Is it possible that yon will do this for me and them V' ' I will. Hush ! There is a knock at the door. Ask who is there.' Her voice, as she spoke, did not rise above a whisper. I strove to utter the words she dictated, but my tongue clave to the roof of mv mouth. 'Richard! Richard'.' It was my wife calling softly to me from without. ' Open the door,' whispered Mdlle. Rosalie. ?' I will hide behind there'— pointing to a screen. 'She will not see me. Do not let her keep you long. When she is gone I will show you that you have nothing to fear.' She glided' with velvet footsteps behind the screen, and I moved to the door. I forgot for a moment that it was iockrd, and my wife called to me that the key was turned. I unlocked the door, and admitted her; but I did not allow her to step into the middle of the room. She was in her nightdress, and I well remember that there was a piece of narrow red ribbon at her neck, which looked tome like blood. She told me that, waking and finding uie absent from the bedroom, she grew anxious and came to seek me. I responded with wandering words and looks, and this appeared to render her more anxious. She tenderly asked whether I was not well. Oh, yes, I answered, I was well, but I was engaged upon a most important task. Why had she come to disturb me? I must be alone— alone! And s'ill she lingered and continued to speak in sweet and loving tones, and clasped me round the neck, and kissed me ; but I pushed her from me and bade her go to her room and sleep. ' You will come soon r ' she asked, solicitously. ' I do not know ; I do not know,' I muttered. ' I have much to do. Good God ! Do you not see bow you are distressing me'r' Shortly afterwards she left me, but not before she made another effort to soothe me. She smoothed my forehead with a cambric handkerchief, and put it into my hand, say ing it was clean and cool, and would refresh me. As she crossed the threshold I quickly locked the door upon her, and the handkerchief fell from'my hand. Mdlle. Rosalie, gliding forward from her hiding-place behind the screen, picked it up and toyed with it, and I made no attempt to take it from her. The vjtal issue at stake completely en grossed me. ' We are free now from intrusion,' she said, 'and our business will not take long.' 'Business?' I muttered. ' What business ?' 'The business of saving your life,' sho replied. 'I have terms to propose.' ' Name tnem.' ' First,'-' she said, and now her voice assumed a new phase of malignity, ' tell me whst you think I was doing while I was hiding behind the screen r' 'Doing? Nothing.' ' Not even listening?' ' Ah, yes; you could not help doing that.' !-* Of coursenot. It is not to be supposed that I would play the part of eavesdropper unless I was compelled. Such an infamous woman as I am ! That is what you called me a few minutes ago, I believe. I was a liar and a thief as well, was I not 'i I like to be correct. And, but a few short hours before that, you discharged me in a manner that would ruin the fair fame of any lady, and informed me that I was not a fit associate for your wife and daughter. And vet I am going to save them -yes, indeed I am, and to save vou, too I But I must tell you first what I was doing while your wife was here. I was taking down in shorthand every word that was spoken between you. You had no idea of the extent of my accomplishments, had you ? 1 am really accomplished. Years ago I learnt shorthand, and it used to bring me in a few shillings. O, what a hard life I have had! what a bitter cruel life! But I am going to enjoy myself now that I have the chance. You ,6ee, with this handkerchief and this little piece or paper in my hand, I can go to your wife and say, ' Not only is your husband a mur derer, but between him and me there is ? ' Well, she can guess the rest when I prove to her, by relating what you said to each other just now, that I was in your room con cealed while you were so anxiousiy trying to get rid of her. Proof positive, I call it. And at such a time of night, too ! O,fie!' Che did not speak rapidly ; now and again she paused, to give me an opportunityof replying ; but I could find no words, so confounded was I by her altered manner. That 1 was more completely than ever in her power was evident to me in spite of my asony of bewilderment. Thief, murderer, adulterer— I was thus to be proclaimed to the world and to my wife and child. But the woman who held me in her toils had said she would save me ! In what way? Not out of tenderness and pity, but out of hate and scorn. What course was to be dictated by these sentiments ? ' 'iou understand me?' she asked. *'Itis necessary that you should tell me that you understand me.' ' So far,' 1 said, ' I understand you.' ' I am about to dictate terms. My silence, my mercy, must be purchased. I have set a price and terms upon them.' She forced me to reply, by keeping silence till I spoke. ' Let me know what they are.' ' That is sensibly spoken. In the murdered man's despatch-box there were five thousand pounds. 1 must have that money.' ' I have not got it.' ' Nonsense ! I must have it.' ' I have not got it.' ' Swear by Ihe living God.' '1 swear *by the living God!' She laughed iHorking-Jy. ' But, my dear sir, my inno ceut virtuous gentleman,' money 1 must have. You drew from the bank to- day £1000. 1 niUEl have that. It is in this room. Ah, there is a safe in the corner! you keep Vtmr precious things in it. Your eyes are wandering towards it now- And these two keys upon, the table— why, as I am an honest woman, they must be the keys of tfie safe ! I wonder, now, if I could unlock it.' 1 allowed her to do as she would, fc-he unlocked the safe, and drew therefrom two bigs of eo'd, oLO sovereigns in each. ; . ' 1 sell vou vour life -for the gold in these bags.' she said. 's Is' it agreed 'r' ? I nodded vacantly. . My senses were numbed. If I could have poured out my heart's blood to save from sorrow and shame my darling wife and daughter, gladly would I have shed it. ' What, then, in comparison were* these bags of ffold r ' It is fortunate,' she said. ' that you were paid in gold. I should have refused bank-notes, and then you would have been on the straight road to the gallows. But there is another condition : your life is not worth a moment's pun-base -if you decline it. You will go from this house to-night within the hour, and you will never Eet foot in it again. Where you go to 1 do not care ; disappear, drown yourself, hang yourself ; it will not matter to me. If you 'refuse to obey me, if ever you seek again the society of 'your wife aad daughter, they and all the world shall be made acquainted with your crimes. That is my revenge ; as sweet to me— ah, sweeter— than money I You would have driven me forth. I drive you forth. So long as you are in hiding in any part of the world you like you are safe. Do you agree?' \ *' I must agree.' - -\ 'Then there Is nothing more to be said.' She moved towards the door, .opened it, and Epoke to me from that spot. Every woro^^tf her hissing voice fell clear upon my senses, although ^hgjspoke in a tone so low that it could not travel to any ptfibr part -of the house ' I shall watch that you keep your word. IVhate you and yours. Violate the conditions 'I ISa^e iroposefl, and I will bring your lady wife and daughter % the gutters. 1 will hunt and pursue and expose them, bo that they shall never know a moment's peace. You know ?no^r wh*at you have to expect. Good night.' ' 'i' ' She was gone, and »I was alone. Well did I know that she would put her threats into execution if I did not keep faith with her. . Aim'. 'twas it' not better, apart from this, that I should disappear from the sight of* those I loved, and never see them again ? ; Was it possible, knowing what I knew — knowing 'ihat' I was a murderer— that I could ever allow them to ^lace Iheir innocent lips to my guilty ones, that I could ever gaze into their dear innocent eyes without shuddering ? True, I felt that 1 had sinned un consciouslv ; but the guilt was no less mine than if I had done the deed in the broad light of day, with all my senses about me. The f ear^hat I used to labour under, that there was sleeping within-'nie an instinct of Eavagery which needed only some stpdng incentive to leap into life, was verified. All. these years it had lain asleep, and now it had led me to the committal of tbis deed of blood. What comfort could I find in the knowledge that I murdered Mr. Wilniot while I was in a 6tate of unconsciousness r There was a Bible in my room, and L. opened its pages. An un erring instinct conducted me to these passages : ' And he that killeth anv man shall surely 'be put to death.' : ' And if a soul sin and commit any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the Commandments of the Lord, though he wistit not, yet is he guilty, and shall bear his iniquity.' Ye?, I must go forth into the world, into hiding-places where I should be unknown. I must go, and leave no trace behind. . My wife and child would suffer. But time would soften their sufferings. Were I to remain and brave my fafe, that mercy would not be vouchsafed to them. The sharpest agony would attend them to their dying hour. It was choosing by far the lesser evil to obey the terms im posed upon me. ' To the tender hearts of my dear ones I must leave the construction which would be placed upon ray disappearance. Yes, 1 must go : from this home, to which I had brought mv young wife, in which my dear child had been born, in which we had enjoyed a heaven of happiness. I must go, and live henceforth a dead life. Ho tears welled from my eyes, but nevertheless I was as one who was blind. I left everything in the room in con fusion, the safe unlocked, papers on the table. I took nothing with me. Feeling my way along the dark passages, and creeping so softly that I could not hear the sound of my footsteps, 1 came to 4he door of my dear Eunice'e bed room. I slid down, and .pressed niy lips to the door, then rose and felt my way onward again. ' I paused at the door of my bedroom, in which iuy darling wife lay, the dearest, purest, sweetest woman that ever shed light and peace upon a man's heart and soul. Softly, softly to my knees I slid, and with folded- hands rested my head agains-t the panel. I did not'Jpray^I could not; but the mute voice within me was bidding adieu to life, to love. Softly I rose to my feet, and went out into the night alone ! CiiAi-TEH xv.*-LOST TO THE WORLD. I doubt whether, if I tried, I could describe at length Ihe weeks and months that followed. Like one who was dead, but possessed still the power of motion, I pursued my lonely way. All through the first night of my departure, I walked till the first faint streak of light heralded the coming day. I must have walked fast, and mechanically in a direction in which I should not be recognised, for when I looked about uie I knew not where I was. It suited Die that I had reached a placci did not know. A humble way side inn was near; I entered it and asked for a room. There 1 remained during the day, and when night fell 1 went out again, and walked on and on : through fields and villages, taking any track that promised to lead me farther and farther away from familiar scenes. I must have adopted 6ome method of cunning concealment that no one accosted me and inquired, whither I was going. When day dawned I was in a wood,- and there I lay unobserved, and pretended to be asleep when I heard footsteps approaching. At night, again I continued my flight ; and so, day after day, night after night, passed, until I felt that I was lost and safe. I drank nothing but water, I ate nothing but dry bread. My purse contained some gold and silver, and I 'spent so little money that it would last me a long time. A thought intruded itself of flying to a distant land, but I would not entertain it. England held all that was dear to me ; In England 1 would stop till 1 was dead. I kept no count of the days, and only knew when it was Sunday by the ringing of the church bells. I entered no church ; I did no\ pray ; I strove not to think ; all that I wished was' that time' would pass swiftly. I spoke to no man unless I was spoken-' to ; I never laid my hand with tenderness upon the form of child or animal. In the days of my happiness I was fond of dogs and hprses ; in the days of my misery they never excited within iny breast one pleasurable sensation. ' My heart was turning into Ftone : and I set myself steadfastly to the task of banishing from my mind every gentle sentiment that strove to find lodg ment there. O£ my mie and daughter I would not think— I would not, 1 would not ! There was between them and roe a barrier which I believed to be eternal . How dare I encourage even amenta) associatibn between those angels of purity and a monster like myself ?' I. took a bitter pride in the carry ing out of these stern resolves : it proved that I had not lost all sense' of manliness, and that I could carry into exe cution the sentence of ruthless punishment which was justly my due. I never looked, at newspaper or printed page ; the world's doings interested me no longer. Not only was my heart turning into stone, but I began to regard with aver sion all living; things. One Sabbath I was' sitting in a churchyard ; I was tired and faint, and mv feet were blistered with walking over rough roods. ; It belonged to my mood to choose ever the stony paths. . ' They were singing in the church— a quaint old church covered with. ivy, in' what part of England I know not. I derived a savage pleasure in keeping myself purposely ignorant of 'the places through which I travelled. Worn with fatigue, my eyelids closed, and a light slumber over took me. It could -have lasted hut a short time, for when I opened my eyes J heard the singing still within the church. 'What specially aroused me was the voice of one of the singers. My wife, had just such a voice ; its note of familiar sweetness startled me. I listened in wonder. The singing ceased, and won afterwards the congregation issued from the church.: I scanned them oagcrly as they came forth ; for a brief space 1113' sterner spirit did not assert itself. 1 had no tear that I should bu recognised, supposing that the voice which had impressed me was that of my wife. 1 had Been my face aud form occasionally in clear water vvhcu I stooped to drink, and 1 kuevv that 1 had grown out of all likeness of myself. From the night I left my hon'P 1 had not shaved : my matted hair, iuy wild eyes, uiy ragged garments, placed rue beyond the pale of recognition. So, without fear, I gazed at the face of the worshippers. My wife was not among them, lu a little while the church was emptied of the throng: and I was, I thought, alone again in the churchyard. But I was mistaken. A man stood by my side. , He was of middle age : his face was benignant, his voice ? was gentle. As he moved and spoke he seemed to be attended by the spirit of charity. I ' You seeni in trouble,' he said. ''Can I help you in any way ':' I rose, cast a wrathful glance at him. and walked away from him. I did not lurn to set.', but I knew that he was looking after me. I Near the churchyaid was a lightly- timbered wood. I Thither I wandered, encompassed by silence, and threw myself upon the ground at the foot of a tree. Taking some bread from my pocket I ate it to keep life within me. Ordinarily, when 1 was accosted by a stranger my chief anxiety was to fly from the neighbourhood: but something chained, me to this spot. It may have been the voice singing in the church, which 1 wished to hear again : it may have been the manifest kindness of the stranger who had accosted me; but had 1 questioned myself, I would have acknowledged neither of these as the cause of my lingering near the house of worship. When evening came I was Etill there. I was not at so great a distance from ihe church that T could not hear the singing at the evening service : true, it came faintly to piv ears, but my, senses were abnoru ally sharpened. Amidst all the voices 1 de tected that which had stirred me in the morning ; and was glad when I heard it, and sorry when it ceased. They w«v.e the first humanising sensations 1 had ex- JbA pcrienced for many months. The service j^3 ended, and all was again silent. It was a A4s ??urn fine evening, and 1 resolved to pass the night in the wood, and recommence my vanderings iu the early morning. I reckoned upon complete solitude, but it was not to bu mine. Three persons strolled in the direction of the spot upon which I was lying, and stopped within a short distance of me. A clump of trees and the gathering darkness con cealed me from their observation. One ot the persons began to speak, and I recognised his voice. It was that of the man who had spoken to me so kindly iu the church yard. I raised myself into a sitting; posture, and bent forward to eee. In' the man's company' vcre u woman and a young girl, whose face I could not distinguish, but whose form reminded me of Eunice. The father was telling them of his meeting with me, and of the manuer in which 1 had met his kind words. 'He is a stranger here,' the man said: ' I have never seen his face before. Indeed, I saw but little of it now, it was so covered with tangled hair. Poor fellow .' Some deep trouble is weighing upon him.' 'Perhaps, father,' said the young girl, 'ho was hungry.' ' 1 think not,' was the father's anwer. ' or he would have behaved differently. Huuger is a sharp monitor, my dear. He was not hungry : he was defiant. I thought ;it rirst he must be a beggar, but I wai mistaken. He looked tome more like a hunted animal than a human being.' ' A man escaped from prison, perhap?,' suggested the mother. ' It may be ; but if so, a long time must have elapsed since he made his escape ; otherwise his hair would not have been so abundant. Before I spoke to him 1 noticed in his eyes (he was not aware that I was observing him) a look of singular refinement, and I am sure that at some period of his life he has moved in a good position. Perhaps he had a Happy home like ours; perhaps he had a wife 'and child whom he loved as 1 love you. To have enjoyed such happiness and to have lost it— ah, my dears, it is a sad thought. If that poor man's heart were laid bare before ua we should see it throbbing with suffering unmerited mayhap, but likely, too, to have been created bv error or Bic. Should I meet him again I will strive to learn his story, and will help him if he will let me.' They passed on with further words of pity for me. I Vaited till the earth was shrouded in darkness, and then I fled lrom the wood. There was a terror in the idea of meeting that kind heart again. From the gloomy months I could pluck other records, but they would not help my story. More and more insen sible did I become to iutluence.s of a humanising nature ; harder and harder grew my heart : and there came periods of savage delirium, when, in my desolation, I raised my clenched hand heavenward, and cried, ' There is no God ! ' For the bitter question forced itself upon me— Why should I be .thus punished r The evil within me was not of my creating : the sleeping instinct of savagery which had led me to the unconscious committal of a deed of blood was not of my planting. In my waking hours I had lived a good life, and had held deservedly an honoured and beloved position in my home. I was kind to the poor, and my heart was always open to the call of charity. Why, then, should 1 be compelled to wander through the world ' more like a hunted animal tlmn a human being ': ' if there was a God, and he was j?ood. would He have permitted it 'r In the peril of these ?thoughts lay a deeper danger than that I which spraug from the .-iu which weighed upon my ? soul. I : Chapter XVI. — STANMOHL'S PHILOSOPHY. ] i The necessity of earning bread forced me to seek labour, i My money was all spent, and a day arrived when I «as penniless. The ring and the cord were still in my posses sion. I do not know how it was that I was tempted to ' ' keep them about me; perhaps it was as a punishment which I obstinately inflicted upon myself— as though my ; sufferings were not great enough without the.-e evidences | of my guilt : but the fart remains that 1 found it impossible ' to part wilh them. When 1 was purmiloss 1 could have I twisted the diamond ont of the ring and sold the gold for j a tew shillings, which really would have enabled me to live 1 without labour for some considerable time, for during all this dolorous time I ate nothing but dry bread, and drank nothing but water. I did not. however, put it to this use. It^did not belong to me : it belonged to the dead. The labour I obtained was of the lowest and most menial kind, and thus it was that, being far away north, I found myself working in the hop-gardens. The pay was bad, but that mattered not : it sufficed for bread. The danger was that I herded with men and women of a degraded stamp, and that, like them. I was fast becoming brutalised. This enforced contact with degradation caused in me a kind of I revulsion. Hitherto I had kept mostly to myself, and ' the gloomy thoughfs in which I indulged were created hy ' my own Jack of 'moral strength ; but i:ow that I was brought face to face with things I abhoired, I saw, as it were, the reflection of my own moral image, and the thoughts it engendered had a salutarv effect upon me. It was this better phase of experience which led me into the companionship of a man of a higher grade than the other ! hop-picker?. The name of this man was Stamnoie. I was i never made acquainted with his Christian name. i lie must have recognised in me, as I recognised in him, i a man of a superior stamp : and he confided to me that he was not Imp-picking from necessity. ' The fact is, Gas-keH.'1 ho .-aid to me (I had to bear some name, and 1 those thit). ' 1 am killing two birds with one stone. Oue bird is with me; the other I am waiting for.' This, of course, was enigmatical to me, but I did not ask for an explanation. He gave me one of his own prompting. ' The bird that is here is in my portfolio ; the bird I am ; waiting for is a woman.' ! I knew what he meant by this reference to his portfolio, which contained a number of sketches he had been making of the hop- pickers, selecting for choice the most squalid and disreputable subjects He had thrown out hints that I might look over these sketches, but I had not availed myself of the offer. The hop-picking was now over, and we were paid off. Upon Stanmore's invitation I accompanied him to a respect able hotel, and agreed to remain with him for two or three days. It whs the first time since my banishment that 1 had consented to lead a decent life, aud I did so now chieHy out of a feeling of gratitude towards Stanmore for having provided me with a refuge from the indescribably coarse association which otherwise wouid have been my lot. In the hotel at which we stopped we engaged two rooms— a sitting-room and another with two beds in it. Thus far he had persuaded me, but he could not induce me to join him at meals. I still adhered to my humble fare, of which I partook in secret. On the first night of our stopping at the hotel we were in the sitting-room, which was lit with gas. Stanmore was busy with his sketches, which, when he first took thc:n. had been merely sketched in rough outline ; now. with paints and brushes before him, he was engaged in perfecting them. A bottle of claret and glasses were on the table. ^L ' Gaskell, ' he said, ' you are a strange i^, fellow, and thit, I daresay, is the reason why P fyk I hhvc taken to you. 1 like everything that jgl^gjpgi ?* strange. But you are, moreover, an K/p_ ^^\ enigma. Locked in your breast is a story it Jjjtel would entertain me to hear.' j ' f Startled. I gazed at him, and half rose. ??'i 'Psha!' lie said. ' Sit down again. 1 ? do not ask you to tell me your story, unless '''% in a. momeut of confidence you choose to ' ' unbend. Now 1 am in the humour to be more frank aud open. Let me give you a piece of advice, though, properly, you should be the better able to give it to me, beiug the ol'Jcr of the two. Don't take life too seriously; it is not worthwhile. Those enjoy the most who accept if as a comedy. Tragedy ? or comedy, it is before you to* take your choice. The same thing that will make you cry will make you laugh. It all depends upon the view you take. Some people are annoyed at being tickled: I enjoy it. If a man gives me a sin].1 in the face I Jaujih and give him one in return. The laugh is an enjoyable condiment in the dish: the frown imparts an objoctionable flavour to the meat.' I could have argued with him that it was a matter of temperament, but it was uot my rue to say anything that might enlarge the Held of conversation ; and 1 therefore held my tongue. ' AH ri-rlit,' c/utinutd St.tnmoie, and I understood him to allude to my silence; ''it suits me. 1 was never a voluble fellow, and my tongue bids fair to grow rusty with the company I have kei-t these last two or three weeks. The worst of your English clodhopper is that he is dull. I don't comrlain of him for being coarse; it is his dulness that nettles me. He never makes a remark worth the listening to, and to hold forth to such scum is enough to give oue the megrims. On the Continent— I have travelled, Gaskell — it is different. You get a flash of wit occasionally ; you meet with a fnrecur who entertains you: but here, God save us ! there is nothing but coarseness and drunken ness. No, there is no talking to such dregs of the gutters. Now you, Gaskell, are a man of education — no disguising it, old mau - and I must let off the steam, gratified that I have the opportunity of doing so iu good company. I come Lack to what I was saying — you lean towards tragedy in your views. I towards comedy. Ah, that's right ! look through my portfolio; you'll find some fairish sketches there— hail of them taken iu foreign lands. Yes, as Uejlrice sayp, when I was born, 'my mother cried; but then there was a star dauced, and under that was 1 horn.' 1 am grateful : it might have been otherwise ; a blessed heritage. I was Hogged at school : I laughed. 1 was ex pelled : I laughed. I made some money ; I laughed, I was robbed of it ; 1 laughed. I fell in love ; I laughed. I married : I laughed. My wife deceived me, and ran away from me ; 1 laughed. 1 shall, in all probability, in this very town meet her uud the man she preferred to me : I shall lau^li. Men prate of different philosophies, but I will stake mine against the lot. There is something in my portfolio that intere.-ts you : what is it r'' lie came and leaned over my shoulder, I was looking at two sketches which seemed strangely familiar to me : one was a duel scene : the other a tipsy brawl. Where had 1 seen those pictures, or their like, before ': 1 could not recall, and yet they haunted me. ' Not bad,' said Stanmurc. ' I have sold plenty of copies of those and of other pictures in the portfolio. Con tinental subjects most of them : they are the most popular. Gttskel!, i»r the last half-hour that glass of wine has stood at your elbow, and you have not put your lips to it.' ' I do not drink,' I said, constrained to answer him. ' Tragedy again. A mistake 1 give you my word, if I could serve' you, I would. However, I don't suppose you will give inc the opportunity. Now, if you had a wife is I had. and if she deceived you as miue has deceived me, you would sit down in sackcloth and ashes, and tear your hair. You wouldn't be any thu better off for it, nor would it the more incline her towards you by the measure of a hair's breadth, lake my case. My wife runs away from me. L whistle her off. The world is wide, and it is tilled with fair women. My wife is fair. 1 make no attempt to dis cover her ; I give her to understand that she is free to go her way. What is the consequence 'r After an interval of three years she finds out where I am, and suspects that 1 have money in my purse. She writes to me— O, in such tender strains ! May she come and see me ': Of course she may. And, Gaskeli, she will come, and not alone. She will bring the other fellow with her — or, rather, he will insist upon coming with her, telling her that he will keep out of my way. Little does she dream that this will exactly suit me. The facrts, I feel rather hampered, tied to my wife who is not my wife. Without knowing it, she will supply me with evidence against herself ; 1 shall put her in the' Divorce Court, from which I shall issue with a clean bill, to marry again if I please. And I may please, for 1 have a susceptible heart.' In this way -did Stanmore rattle on till it was time for bed. It was' while we were in bed and iu the dark that he called. ' Gaskell 1' ' Yos ':' 1 answered. ' I have got my wife iu the toils,' he said, laughinc: heartily. ' A detective- is following her unawares.' He continued to laugh for some time. It struck me on the following morning that he cast strange compassionate glances at me. ' I have received two letters,' he said ; ' one from my charming wife, the other from my detective. My wife will be here this evening, and, as I suspected, her lover is with her. Both the letters are addressed to me at the post office: she does not know where I am stopping. She herself will be up at a little inn, the name of which she givts me in her letter. It is called The Bull and Mouth. 1 am going to reconnoitre it.' We walked together to the street in which it was situated, lingered a moment or two outside, and then returned to our own hotel. We should have remained in the open had a storm of rain not come on. which rendered it advisable that we should take shelter under a roof. Then said Stanmore, with another of those compassionate glances which 1 had already observed : ' Gaskell, oid man, I am going to show jtou something ; but you must first give me a promise.' ' What promise:' I asked. 'That when you see what I have to show you, and wheu you hear the explanation I shall give, you will not run away from me.'' 'I give you the promise,' I said; 'but I cannot stay with you over to-morrow night.' ?' Where are you going to then?' ' I do not know.' ??Well, well,' he said, as though loth to press me, fear ing that I might retract my promise; ' I must be content. But I hope wo shall meet a^aiu. There is a singular Macemoi elle Rosalie and Richard Pardon in the gaiden. — Ciiai'TEU VI. attraction in you, fiaskpll, for which I cannot mvnunt. You promise me honourably ': '' ! 'Yes, honourably.' ' As a gentleman r ' i I made a pitiful motion with my hands : I could not ! help it. There was fo much true sincerity and feeling in his voice that it touched my heart. I could not, I could ! not restrain the littte sob of thankfulness which burst from mo. Was it possible that I, a murderer, a thief, could still : win the respect of men ? I turned from him, ashamed that he should witness my agitation, and partly afraid that it might betray me. 'As a gentleman 'r': he repeated. ? : ' If you will have it so,' I said, ' as :i gentleman.' ' I hold you to it,' he said. Then he took his sketch-book from his pocket, and, ! detaching a leaf, handed it to me. I stared at the drawing in dumb amazement. i It represented a bedroom, the bedroom he and I had .-woupied .on the -preeeTling night. Oh *he table was a l,«rhted candle, and near it stood a man, apparently just risen from his bed. In his right hand were two articles, upon which he was gazing with an expression of unutterable woe and despair in his face. The man was myself. The articles I was gazing on were the ring and the cord. '? It is yourself, you see,' said Stanmore. ' I seej' I muttered. 'Do you remember r' he asked. j 'No.' ! ?« It occurred last nieht, at 3 o'clock by my watch. I \ was awake, thinking of^my wife, amused at the surprise 1 | had in store for her. A movement from the part of the room in which you slept attracted my uttention. You rose , from your bed, struck a match, and lit the candle. I ! called and asked you whether you were unwel! : you did \ not answer. You searched your pockets, and produced ? therefrom a diamond ring and a piw of string. You approached the candle, and looked down upon them, with ?just that expression upon your fare I have caught so faithfully. I called to you again, and again you did not answer. Then I rose, got my sketch-book, and made the drawing. It struck me as a good subject for a picture. It is seldom an artist has the chance of catching such an ex pression as that. When the sketch was finished, I came quite close to you and looked at the ring and the piece of string. It was a common slrong piece of cord, but the ring startled me, the diamond in it being of such extra ordinary brilliancy. ' It is strange,' thinks I, ; that, friend Gaskeil works as a hop- picker, and lives on breadand water' — I know that, you see — ' when he owns a ring which he could sell or pledge for a good many pounds.' You were fast asleep, GasKell, and I was more than ever convinced that you are the hero of some strange story. For at least a -iuartor of an hour you stood in the attitude in which you are depicted : then you put out the candle : in the dark you replaced the articles in your pocket, and I heard you creop into bed. That is all.' It was sufficient. Was it fated that I myself should be compelled bv inexorable justice to supply evidence of my guilt 'r Not for my life did I care, but the honour anil good name of my wife and daughter were in my keeping, and those I must protect so long as it lay in my power. 'Stanmore,' I said, 'release me from my promise. I must go away at once — at once.' ' You are afraid of me : ' ' I am. Better for me never to speak to mortal man again ! ' ' Look again at the sketch, Gaskeil. Examine it well.' I obeyed him, but saw nothing in it that I had not seen before. 'I am skilled in the nuances of expression,' he con tinued. ' Frivolous persun as I am, 1 chiini to be subtle in my art. 1 here is despair in the face of this drawing, but, Gaskellt it is not the despair of guilt ; it is the despair of innocence. I decline to release you from your promise. You remain with me at Ifast till ro-morrow night. What do you want ': ' This question was addressed to a waiter, who had entered the room without knocking. il A gentleman wishes to see you immediately, sir.' ' Let him come in.' The waiter, departing, returned, ushering in a man, re spectably dressed. The blood rushed to my ho.id, and my heart beat violently : for I recognised in him the detective who, with two other olRcers. had come to my house upon the j morning of the murder of Mr. Wiltnot. For a moment I thought that a trap had been set for me by Stanmore, and that, through him, justice had overtaken me. But one glance at his face convinced me that I was in error. Evidently j the detective was a stranger to him. | 'My name is Stanmore/' he said. ' AVhat is your j business with me':'' j ! 'lam a detective officer,'* replied the man. He had | looked at me when he entered, and had turned away, I apparently not recognising me— my appearance was so changed. '' I do not know you,' said Stanmore. 'You are not the detective I employed.' ' No, but I am winking with him in this affair. Your wife lias arrived, and is now s:ifely lodged at the Bull and Mnuth. My partner is watching her and the man with her. She cannot escape.' '? But why should she want to escape:' inquired Stan more, who, I saw, was somewhat puzzled. ' That,' said the detective, '' is what 1 have come to \ expliin.' j ' Shall I leave yon, Stanmore':' I asked. J 'No. sir; you had best remain.' : ] It was not Stanmore who answered me, but the detective. When I spoke be had turned towards me again, and his sharp eyes took in every detail of my appearance. 'You had best remain, eir,' he repeated. 'AVhat I ' have to say may bo of interest lo you.' He now addressed Stanmore.' 'i have a story to' tell which it will interest you to hear.' ' Let us hear it, then, by all means,' said Stanmore. 'If it is a long story, take a seat.' Chapteu XVII.— THE DETECTIVE'S STORY. ' I will endeavour not to make it long,' said the detec tive, drawing a chair to the table, which I observed he placed in such a position that I could not leave the room without passing him. 'In our profession it is as well to waste as few words as possible. When you gave your com mission to my comrade I had just left the force, with the intention of starting a private business of my own, and I was in London and in my comrade's office at 'the time you called upon him. I heard all you had to say, and the des cription you gave of your wife's personal appeaiunce aroused my curiosity. You left a poi trait of her with my comrade, and when you were gono I looked at the picture, and was surprised 'to find that it was a woman whose faca I waa acquainted with. She had occupied a position as a kind of governess and companion in the house of a rich gentle man in Sevenoaks, where 1 was stationed when in Govern ment service, and I understood that she was a single woman. A Frenchwoman, too ; she went by the name of Mdlle. Rosalie. Your statement to my comrade that she was your wile, and an Englishwoman, proved to me that in Sevenoaks she had been sailing under false colours. I made a proposition to the oflicer you engaged, and we agreed to go partners in this affair, and to sharp and share alike whatever was got out of it. There was more depend ing upon it than you were awaie of at the time. In the house in which Mdlle. Rosalie, your wife, was employed, a murder had been committed. An old gentleman, Air. Wilmot, was found strangled in his bed, and a large sum of money was missing— no less than five thousand pounds, five hundred of which was in gold, and four thousand fire Mr. M oi t lock forcius: the door of Mr. Wilmofs bedroom.— Chaptuh IX. hundrfd in Bank of Kn^laui 1 1 ? ? t * *-. li.n't rr.i.-s a word oi what 1 am saying, gentleiuen: you will m.oh see the im portance of if. Now, there w;;s a unMr-ry in '-onpeeiion with this murder. A mmi whose name was Samuel ilotl wood, who all his life hsui borne thr.- bo.-t of -.-li;ir.'u.-:ers, and had been employed in li'O P'-rvice of Mr. Kiehnrd Pardon, the gentleman in who-e house, the murder w;is committed, had disappeared on tlio nighi of tlic murder. Suspicion naturally foil u; on him, andal tl:ercn.n-r'siii(]!ie-t :i verdict of guilty was prolioun-_--d ag^in.-t liiin. Of - our.-i.- Jhal was not conclusive. Before he was found guilty be had to be tried; before he could bo tried ]j-; Jia'l to b.. caught. We could not catch him, hut event ually he jiavo himself up at the policL— Malion m Soveno;iks. ;ii)d con fessed to the murder. He was in a dying state, and in point of fact lie died in the polke- Matioii a iev boms afterwards, having first made a written dc].ir;uiou of hi. guilt, which he duly signed in the presence of a i.ki:;ym:tn. ' On the following morning the town was sfavtlcd not i only by the publication of the news of this confession, but I by the mysterious disappearance of Mr. Pardon and Mdlle. Rosalie. 'They had both boon seen the iii-ht before by Mr.-. Pardon, the lady of the house, Mdlle. lvosn.lio.it about 11 o'clock, and her husband at 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning. Her husband was then in bis study, and by cunning quos tioninc (1 myself went to see Mrs. Pardon, at lu-r request, to endeavour* to find the missit:£- gentleman) — by cuuninj; questioning. 1 say, 1 learnt fr-un Mrs. Pardon that when she last saw her hushaiid iu bis study, at that late hour in the nigOit, he appeared to be greatly disturbed in his mind. She ascribed ibis to bis having boen completely upset by the dreadful inurdir which had taken 'plnce'in his house : I did not agree with her, but I did not tell her so. I was greatly put out by Mr. Pardon's disappearance, because he had offered a large reward for the apprehension of the murderer of Mr. Wiimot. Miid ho Ind proini«.-d m,-. liol'.viih-taiidiiip that SkiiiU'I 1- lepuvfi'id had voluritaiiiv :riven him-olf up. that ihis ii;\\\;ird -ijoiiliJ ha paid. T'p to ) his mom-nt it b;is not been p'lid. but 1 Mill ] i v. ? in hopr-s. ' Oi' '(.ur.-c the natural conclusion p'.MiiiIi- arrived at was tbut tlif-i-f- wus something not exactly proper between Mr. Pitr-i'n :md Mdlle.. Ko-alio -begging vour y^rdon f°v .-pc-akiny S'i (.t your wife.' '? N'.t sit all,' said StiUimore, blandly, '1 happen to know ii.c lady.'' 'Tho natural conclusion, tlj'.-n, whs thit those two had runoff together, and that they both wer^ no better than they --liouM [i.!. As 1 did riot azreo with wlua Mrs. Pai-doii to'd iijO about her husband, so now 1 did not agrt-i; witii the general verdict jironounced upon the mis-iiiir pair. However. I kept my opinions to myself, for the rea-on tli.it 1 had ;in idea that the reward otien d by Mr. Pardon for the di-r.ovTy of the murderer of Mr. Wi'linol wmild one day find its way info my pocket. ? How is that,' perhaps you will ask. ' when Samuel Vleetwood had confessed to the crime, and the gentleman who offered the reward had disappeared, partly because he wished to save his money r' . Well, now, \ou will think it strange when I tell you that I ? had lnydnuiits as to the peuuineness of Samuel Fleetwood's ivinfi'sMon. It seems that he had given the clergyman a private loiter, which he implored should be conveyed to his master, and that he had placed a most extraordinary and unnatural importance upon the safe delivery of this docu ment. The clergyman informed me that Mr. Pardon had called upon him in the evening in a state of sreat agit«fico, nud said that the letter had not reached his hands. Now, the . clergyman was positive that be bad enclosed it in a packet, containing, besides, a letter from himself and a copy of Samuel Flc-etwood's confession, which he had delivered to | Mdlle. Kosalie. I kept thinking to myself, What could be in this missing letter: and I was not at all satisfied with , iliin^ as tiny !-t.i'.d. 1 w;i- '??-?nlident that tlifi,- wa- a I in\\-!ery who'll it misfit pay me to clear up. Allot ber eir eiini«t:i'n--o I'd me t-; t!)!.-' t',,ni Jil-i-.l). A Jiian of the liaj.-io of ltt-dwing. who had bun taken on by Mr. Pardon for a lV-w wi.-ks lo assist ihe u;ii -Ji m r, had also dis;i pi oared. \\\ hat wa- tin re singular in that ': you will ask. U ell— bogging your pardon ajruin. Mr. Stanmore — 1 bad seen enough to f-.mvince n:o that Mdlle. iiosnlie and iiodwinir were lovers. I caught them more than on'.; in Ivybu.-li L ino l;is-ing and cmbracio^. There was but one - oiiclusion to draw i'roin that. 'This, gentlenion, is how matters .-food on ih«.- day of the di-nppoarance of Mr. Pardon, Mdlle. linsalie, and It' d win^-. I he first thing to be done was to track them. '? ]{nt heir- 1 found lnyseli at fault, lhe fact i- 1 did ii. .t feel myself- quite ^iisiifii-d in spending a large sum of my own money in liio search. ai;d it was. I daresay, bc -'i'ti-e ill' this that I di-l ii'.f -ii'-cc-od. After -ome time liad passed 1 gave up the idea and left the force, as I have told : you, with the intention of starting business on my own : account. ?'Then came your vi5it to my comrade. The suspicion of some strange mystery in connection with the murder of Mr. Wihnot revived. You. supplied my comrade with , funds, and with these funds we set to work. I'll not make my story too long by telling you all about our operations. It wiil bo satisfactory to you to know that we tracked two of the three missing persons — Mdlle. Rosalie and Redkving. She had not gone away with Mr. Pardon: she had gone. away with Kedwing. They had passed sometime on' the Coutinent, in France and Italy, and it was when they ? returned to England that we got 'fairly on the scent. From j that moment we never let it escape us. We accompanied : them every where in various dissruises ; we slept in the next i room to theirs wherever they put up. We overheard their conversation, and took it down in writing. Putting all we heard intelligibly Kiowher. it makes a strange story. Your ' divnive is all rieht, Mr. Sianmore, but there is something mu'-h move sr-rimis lnhind all this than you can imagine. Shortly, sir, what we learnt was this. ' From the day Mdlle. Kosalie entered Mr. Pardon's service under false colours, she commenced to plot and plan. She tried to inveigle him into making love to her, but she failed. An artful woman, gentlemen, is this Mdlle. .Kosalie, otherwise Mrs. Stanmore. They don't make thtm much aitfiillor in these days. Failing, she took great pains to entangle him, so that for her own purposes by - suid- by she might m;ike it appfar that he was her lover. Tiie unlucky gentleman w^ a sleep-walker: had oeeu i^o from childhood, and it was an infirmity he could not cure himself of. Well, one night Mdlle- Kosalie happened to ??ee him in this M.tfe. \\\'li;it did .she do 1- Why, she slyly clipped her pocket- handkerchief into his pocket; and on the next -l;iy. when he found it there, he couldn't for the life of him remember how it came upon. him. That was her first move. ' Her second move was the introduction of her lover, Red wing, into the temporary service of Mr. Pardon. Only one person knew that she was acquainted wilh Redwing; ' that person was Samuel Fleet wood. Correctly divining that Fleerwood had communicated his suspicions to Mr. Pardon, sr.e sought that gentleman in his garden in the dead of night, and workei so artfully upon his feelings that she succeeded in destroying the unfavourable impressions which he had gained from Fleetwood's account of Eedwing. She informed M r. Pardon that Redwing was her brother, and he believed her. Chance played into her hands on that niprht. The interview, by her contriving, took place after midnight and in the dark.' She was in deshabille, and she and her matter were surprised by Samuel Fleetwood, who passed them without epeiKinsr. 'Thus, in Fleetwood's eyes Mr. Pardon was seriously compromised. There are other Farewell to Home and Love.— Chatter XIV. minor details which I need not mention at present ; I will come at once to the tragedy of the murder. 'There is no doubt that Mdlle. Rosalie introduced Redwing into Mr. Pardon's house for the purpose of robbery ; but before the plan they were devising was ripe higher game presented itself. Mr. Wilmot paid a visit to his nephew, Mr. Pardon- He brought with him a sum of five thousand pounds. Mdlle. Rosalie, always on the watch, ascertained that there was discord between the old gentleman and her master with respect to the marriage of Miss Pardon, who had fixed her affections upon one gentle man, whereas Mr. Wilmot wished her to favour another. Mdlle. Rosalie and Redwing decided to murder Mr. Wilmot and rob him. To reach the bedchamber of Mr. Wilmot they had to pass through that of Samuel Fleetwood, upon whom they intended to cast the suspicion of the murder; if he awoke they intended to kill him also. In silence the deed was done.* The old man was weak, and with swift cruelty he was strangled, and scarce a murmur came from his lips. lie could not have screamed if he had tried, be cause Mdlle. Rosalie's hands were tightly fixed upon his mouth the moment the cord was pulled. There he lay dead, with the cord round his neck. ' They found the keys of the despatch-box in his pocket ; unlocking it they took out the five thousand pounds, reloeked the box, replaced the key in the dead man's pocket, and were about to leave the chamber when they were startled by the sudden appearance of Mr Pardon. Cer tainly the Devil was on their Bide on that night, for Mr. Pardon was in one of his sleep- walking trances. Quick as thought they changed their plans, and resolved to throw the suspicion of the murder upon him. Mdlle. Rosalie slipped a diamond ring off the murdered gentleman's finger, and slid it into Mr. Pardon's waistcoat pocket. Then she took the cord from Mr. Wilmot' s neck, and glided with it to Mr. Pardon's bedroom. The door was afar: his wife was asleep. In a moment the cord was slipped under the pillow of a sofa which was in the room. The murderers reached their own apartments in safety, and bided the issue of events. 'Again did the Devil proclaim himself on their side. After they weregone from Mr. Wilmot's room, leaving Mr. Pardon there, Samuel Fleetwood, it appears, awoke, and, seeing hfs master standing by the murdered man, instantly came to the conclusion that he had committed the murder. The man was suffering from heart disease, and was aware that he had but a short time to live ; he was deeply, passionately devoted to his mistress and her young daughter ; he knew that the arrest of Mr. Pardon would bring incredible misery upon them, and he resolved upon a course which I do not intend to justify, but which, no doubt, he justified to himself, and which doubtless many persons will admire. He fled, and thus tbe suspicion of the murder fell upon himtelf. What afterwards happened to him I have already related and is pub'ic property.' The detective paused, and fixed his eyes upon me. In breathless amazement and gratitude I had followed his words. I was innocent— innocent ! Once more I could clasp my beloved wife and child to ray heart ! Once more, thank God ! once more I could kneel by their sides in prayer, and lift up my voice in thankfulness to the Giver of all Good. In the silence that ensued the terror wns lifted from my soul, and involuntarily I slid to my knees and lifted my hands to Heaven, while the tears rolled down my face and beard. They did not interrupt me, but allowed the tears to flow unchecked. Then, when my passion of gratitude was in some measure abated, I rose to my feet, and eaid: ?'Ism Richard Pardon.' ' I knew it, sir,' said the detective, ' not from your ap pearance, which completely deceived me, but from your voice when you asked Mr. Stanmore whether you should leave us together. It is a true telltale, the voice; a man ' may change 'himself from white to black, but he cannot disguise his voice. All that I have related to you was gained, at odd times, by me and my partner, from the con versation we overheard between Mdlle. Rosalie and Red wing. Little did they suspect that they were pronouncing, bit by bit, their own death-warrant. He is with her now ' at the Bull and Mouth, and the handcuffs are in my partner's pockets. I will tell you something more, sir. I know where Redwing purchased the cord with which Mr. Wilmot was strangled. I will tell you even something more. They have spent the five hundred sovereigns ; but at this very moment they havo upon them the four thousand five hundred pounds in Bank of England notes, which as yet they have been afraid to attempt to pass. I have the numbers of these notes in my pocket-book here ; I obtained them from the bank at which Mr. Wilmot's cheque was cashed. We have the net tight round them, sir. The reward you offered is all right, I suppose, sir ?' ** It shall be trebled,' I said, ' and all tae exoenses you have been put to paid.' ' That is my affair,' said Stanmore; ' the detectives were engaged upon my business.' 'Nay,' I said, 'they were engaged upon mine. Do not argue with me. I am like a man newly risen from the grave.' Indeed, I was trembling so that they had to assist me into a chair. Presently I said : ' I know now, Stanmore, where 1 saw copies of those fikctehcB which I recognised in your portfolio last night. Your wife had them.' ' It doas not surprise me,' said Stanmore. ' When she ran away f rojn me with, that infamous wretch Redwing she robbed me pretty freely. Heaven have mercy upon her !' To which I said ' Amen !' ♦ ♦ * * I could prolong my story, but it would be only repeating what is already known. But little more remains to be told. Redwing and Mrs. Stanmore were tried and condemnel. He expiated his crime upon the scaffold. She was sen tenced to imprisonment for life. Months have passed since then, and I have recovered my pe.ice of mind. My darlinsr wife is by my side as I write these concluding words. Eunice and Harry Clanronald are in the garden below. They are soon to bemarried. We are in ihe garden of England, in Devon, having left Boscombe Lodge for good. We shall never return to it. Humbly do I thank God for the peril 1 escaped. Over the grave of Samuel Fleetwood bright flowers are blooming. We shall meet him in the hereafter. The End. 