LADY DAMER. And then, as some degree of calmness returned to her, she began to thinh that 'all was not yet lost. True they had met, this mother and child so long parted, yet her secret was safe, as though they had never met at all. The young man could never by any possible means discover that the brilliant and beautiful mistress of Avonwold was his mother, nor could Lady Damer ever know the hero she admired so greatly was her own son-who was to tell themm? :Even should Jane Elster and Lady :'Da'mreverever meet, they could niot recog nize each other. Jane had neverseen her sister but once, and then herbeautiful face was disfigured by the pallor of illness.. Lady Damer hadnever'seen thle widow at all, or "had even lIeard- her name.; -No; need, then, to despair-it had been a terrible fright, btit she began to see more clearly now-the secret was safe as -ever. No fear of any untoward revelation, no. •fear. of discaovery, "'arid Hope Ci'rideris.' gave d long, rdeep sigh of'relief. Suddenly, thereflashed across her nind what her sister had said of the green silk purse, and the thought almost made her heart stand still. . ':'... : It was Florenceherself who had made that purse, and given it to her long years ago, and she had treasured it very much. How was it she had ever been so blind as to send it ? What a fatal mistake-wliat amdst unfortunate errdr; And to terriify her still more came the recollection of an old proverb "Those whom God will .destro,, He first blinds." Had she been blinded when she sent that purse? If ever Florence saw it she would know it at ofice. .. .. *' I must get it,' she said to herself, ' nd matter how. I must have it, and then my darling will once more be safe.' CHAPTER XK. A cheerful family groupwere assembled Sin the breakfast-room at Avonwold; Lady Damer looking very beautiful and graceful in her morning dress of pale silk.; Miss Charteris, whose kind, homely face does not look quite so much at ease.as it used to do; Lord Damrner, leaning .back in his chair, engrossed in ihe 'Tinies,' yet stoplping every now and then to enjby his daughter's bright sallies. ' . For Rose Damer is in hIigh glee; she is. almost sixteen and she. has finished with that terrible school; in fact, Lady Damner has said that she can have minasters for. music and painting as long as she likes, but that there will be lio need for her to return to school. . 'Is my education finished, mamma?' asked Rose. " . . And Lady Damrner smiled thesaddest of. all smiles. My darling,' she said,'in the right sense of the wdrd, it is liardly begun.'- ' 'Why, mamma,' cried Ros'e~, inf rsprise, 'I am not, boasting, .but I. can. speak fErench, Italian,'and German well--fluently my masters raid-and I bm not behind with iny miusic or.:painting.'~.': .. Lady Damrner smiled again at her daugli tier's distressed. face.- '. ; " '.Those are accomplishments, Rose,' she replied:i education lies far, far deeper. i ,', But Rose has recovered her spirits and sits at the breakfast:table-..tlie< fairest pic ture of youthful loveliness ever. seen; : SShe inherits her motlier's radiaintl?eauty. She is'very fair, with rich, golden-browvn hair and laughing eyes, sweet ripe lip'i. and' a-slim, graceful figure. Lord-:Damei is very fond of his daughter, and exceedingly proud Of' heir. She has no gene-no : mauvauise hoInle with her parents. but talks to them as if they were'.on terms of perfect equality. " . ' If you had just come hoine froim a Parisian boarding-school, papa,' she .sa'ys,' ' you would appreciate your breakfast moie. h.bighly than your paper.' . - .': "Why, Rose ?' asks Lord D'aier." i 'Imagine the difference between a cup of caft noir; with a dry little roll, and this luxurious breakfast; .I' li ad almost for goftten the taste of tea.' ' SI am sure, Rose,' remonstrates Miss Charteris, 'tliat Madanie Lrtiroix kept an excellent table.'- ... ': Of its kirid, auntie-:,j yu, tiustfhave what Monsieur D'u6ltdt'uued tocall ihe art of qlualification of s aeeg'cl.' . SMiss Charteiis wasperfectly;accustomed. ;torhei niece's style of conversati?on: Y'' (ou will drie oiit this 'mdrhiig Flo. Srence as .usu il, I suppose '?' said Lord ' DamerAltoltsi wife. ' ,: i, : . , Rose looked through the window at :ihe beautiful vista of blobming flo'wers and green trees. - SMamma,' she. said, suddenly,. las we Sonly reached home so lately there has notl '.:ben time to decide aboiut my roo6fis.. I I'do-nbt like the one I have now.' ~ 'Why not?' asked Lady Damer. I like the south best;, there is a much"prettier v,: iew 'from those windows than from'mine.' Another idea seemed suddenly to strike her." . ' I did i6t think there would be any driving out to-day, she said.. * I' was kept awake half the night by.the pattering of rain drops; I thought to find the world half-drowned." 'T/iep~att/ering of rain drops,' said Lord Damrner, looking up from his paper. 'Why Rose, the gardeners were lamenting in chorus this morning, that no drop of rain had fallen for some weeks. You must have dreamed it. * Indeed I did not, papa; they pattered against the windows and on the' hard stones of the terrace.' ' Where do you sleep ?' asked the mas 'ter of Avonwold, laying down his paper, and looking at her. . .. 'In.the weqtern wing, in one ofthose rooms.that open on to the Queen's Terrace. " u *'Then, Rose, 'you have heard the Avonwold ghost.' 'Have I,' she cried, 'how delightful ;' but Lady Dt-ner had grown pale, and Miss Charteris was evidently-uneasy. ' Before any sorrow or unfortunate event befalls the Damers,' said Lord Damer, rather proud than otherwise of the family legend, 'this sound of fallijg rain-drops is heard.' " ' I never can bear to hear that.' said 'Lady Damer. ' LadySt. Jsilien declared years ago, when l came home, that she had heard. it.; .no misfortune' followed then, K arl.' : . . . 'Not that we know of; but 'the legend has been in the family many years.' Seeirig .that his wife .evidently looked distressed, Lord Damrner changed the sub ject. ' We shall have to give up F?ome of our •old fashioned ways,' he said to Lady Damrner. 'Rdse will.want balls, and par ties; and fetes.' .: 'We have some visitors coming to-day, replied Lady Damrner. 'You have :not forgottenKarl. Lord St. Alban's and his friend-the young Mr. Verner you like so much"' 'To-day,' repeated Lord- Damer, ' that is right, I had an idea that it was next week. Have you anyone coming to meet them P' 'Mrs Curzon has promised to bring Bell and Lily for a week.' 'That is right,' said the master of Avonwold.; 'Rose will like them.' 'I like everybody, papa; but some, of course, better than others.' Lord Damer went away. Lady Damer remembered some notes of invitation that she had to writ. Rose hurried to the garden, where the bees and butterflies were making the most of the sunshine. Hope.Charteris was.left alone, It was fortunate for her:there' was.: no one near- to-notice hlher agitatiun and her pallor. S'Coming to-day, slfe said to herself, 'and that, ghostly vwarning repeated for the second time.' .Oh, ny God:! what'does it -mean ?. V?-.hEashall ido? How?iimor -.i to live andsee him in his ointher's house, and the two to meet as strangers ? I wish I were dead I' wish'I could die I' SAn unusual wish for one so brave'fnd' so courageous as Miss Charteris. " • -'--It is no use giving wayi"' het thought h. 'I must nerve myself to meet all:and bear all. My God ! what might happen-if-I gave way ? How many lives do I seem to ihold in the hIollow of.my hand ? Ah, if someone would but tell me-- is it Provi dence or chance that has sent him herd ?' -She tried to steadycherself : she held out one hand: to see if it trembled... She went to the looking-glass and viewed her face calmly as she would, have viewed ahother's. " .". 'Happily,' she said to herself, I-there will not be much time for noiicing me.' Her limbs trenibled strangely when she" tried to walk. - - S' He is coming to-day; mother and son will be together to.day,'- were the -words that'rang through her brain. 'He is like her; he has her hair and her sweet, violet eyes.' Will anyone notice-that ? will-any one wonder how it-is?' .. - - -., - \- So she thoubht'and -thought while the siinoy' hours rolled:on, the birds and bees flitted in the :sunshine;' the . breath of the roses floated like a soft, sweet-cloud.-. She s?aw the gardener cross the lawn, and once the sweet, clear voice of Rose singing amidst the flowers floated to her. All-the brightness, the melody, and the fragrance 'of the summer morning were 'ardund her, and she wondered if in the whole wide World there was one so desolate, so miserable as herself. S'.If there were but 'one to comfort me, as.I.comfort Floy,' she thought, and she remembered how she had comforted her. 'I told her that her secret was dead andhburied. Why can I not believe the same myself?" Learn to look upon him as I should on any other stranger. Who is there living.on the face of the wide world who. can say to me-' He is Fldy's son.' Then she started, for a loving arm was thrown round her, and Lady Damrner's voice, always so sweet and soft, said : 'You are still here, Hope.';I do nriot believe you have left this room since breakfast time. What have you been doing?' . - 'Watching the flowers and dreaming,' she replied; trying to banish every trace of care from her face. 'Hope,' said Lady Damrner, gently, 'do you know that neither Karl nor I are quite satisfied about you? You do not look well, you do not seem happy. Has anything gone wrong with you,' my sister?' Hope thought for a moment, before replying, , She longed: to laugh off the question as, she had done. many others, but her '-lips were stiff and could not be put into a smiling form. v ''' ; SNothing, Floy, that need make you anxious. .I am not.well-I have not been myself for some time past; but.you must not'be: anxious dover 'ine-if you are you will simply :miake me worse.', .. ' Then we will-do our best to cheer you,' said LadyDarmer. 'Now come with me, Hope, 'an'd help meto choose nice roomins or the' boys who are coming.' 'The boys !' cried :Miss Charteris, and Lady Damer laughed aloud. S;I mean Lord St. Albans and Mr., Verner, Hope. ;I call,thm b'oys because,' as you know, I have always liked Lord St. Albans, arid'my-whole heart' arms to this young *Mr.- Verne. Why,'Hope, are you dizzy ?' You huld out your hand as though' you could not see.' "'The sisters did not quite agree in their seletlionof' rooms.;' For Lord St. Albans they c-'chose one of "'the old state bed chambers-a mnagiiificent apartment; buit for MrV.'Verner Hope .wanted a pretty, cheeiful ioom near her own. * Would he 'not like "to be' near his friend ? asked Lady Damrner, doubtfuflly. -.' I feel sure he willilike this'r 6m'best,' said Miss Charteris; an'd, "as 'ususal,.lie younger sister yielded to the. 'elder'swish. '"'His rooin is near mine-, andl'whenihe is out,' thought Hope Charteris," 'I can take away the green.silk purse.' ' CHAiPTER XXI;. ' A DELICIOUS June evening-so full- of bloom and fragrance and beauty; there is no resting in doors. Rose Damrner has tried to be proper. She knows that visitors are coming, and in their honour slie wears a pretty, pale, pink silk dress, with a brooch and bracelets of pearl. In their honour the waving golden-brown hair is wreathed with tiny rosebuds, and Rose has tried to sit in the drawing-room. What can she do-the song of the birds is distracting ! 'Are they all in love with each other that they sing so sweetly ?' she thinks to herself; then Rose, who has a most artistic love of colours, sees a butterfly with purple wings enter a white lilycup; she sees.the busy bees working hard at the 'clove carnations-drawing richest honey from the odorous leaves. How can she sit there and not long to be out in the sunshine ? So she steals quietly away. 'I shall hear when the dinner-bell rings,' she says to herself, and then, so .thankful. to be out in the fragrance and bloom, she went down where the roses grew sweetest and best. Meanwhile, Lady Damrner makes her toilette, almost wondering why she should be so pleased to see that young stranger again. In honour bfher guests she wears one of the magnificent dresses that suits her so well-a gleaming peach-coloured satin, and with it some of the far-famed " Damrner" diamonds. She looks at herself and sees:reflected in the large mirror a royally beautitul woman crowned with diamonds. 'Shall I ever grow old ?' she says to herself, with a smile. 'My face has not altered in the least, that I can see, for the last twenty years.' She sweeps down into the drawing room, as imperially beautiful as any woman in England. The two gentlemen from Hatton Court have promised to' be at Avohwold in time for dinner, and she wonders 'where Rose is-Rose, who ought to be also seated in state. Then the sunshine and flowers attracted her, and she went to the window; as she stands there, the white lace wiudow drapery falling round her, the looks beau tiful enough to be one of those sirens whom men worship. Mrs. Curzon and her two pretty daugh ters had arrived some time before, and had not yet left their dressing-rooms. Miss Charteris, after the fashion of elder sisters who have long been accustomed to the re sponisibiliy of everything, was busily occu pied in looking round to see that all Lord Damer's'wishes had been carried out. ;'Roses, roses, blooming roses, if you could speak; what would you say ?' sang Miss Damrner, in a low voice, to herself. She was bending over a moss-rose bush, snd held a lovely little bud between her fingers. 'I slhduld imagine that bud would say, 'Don't gather me, I pray,' laughed a strange voice..quite close to her, and turn m?g'i0 otnd, Rose .saw two young men, bowing and looking at her with thbe greatest admiration. 'Miss D.amer, you have not, suiely, forgotten me? I remember you as well as thoughwe had parted only yesterday.' ..The frank, sweet eyes were raised to his. , ' You are Lord St. Albans,' she said, 'How greatly you are altered.' ' I was a mischievous boy when I saw you last, and you called me ' Archie; now I am a man.' There was the slighest possible trace of .confusion in his face as he said the words; perhaps he felt that he was in some degree boasting of the drooping moustache that had really given him great trouble. , ' Miss Damer, let me introduce you to my dearest friend and more than brother, Mr. Elster, whpo saved my life.' And looking:up again, Rose saw a.face more lteautiful tllan any seen in poet's dream. - ' You saved Lord St. Alban's life at the risk of your own,' she said, holding. out her little white hand. 'I was very anxious to see you.' Then she blushed, thinking she .had spoken too freely; and Verner thought this, a lovely, gracious young girl,.in the midst of her. flowers, the fairest of all pictures. He said something to her about the size and'.the odour of the roses. She answered him, and the three talked togeth r without retpembering the im pendihg dinner thur.:' ' With thee conversing' I forgot all time, said Lord St. Albans; and then Rose felt horrified 'at remembering what she had done. Instead of being seated in: the drawing-room, and making the proper, regulation bow as practised so often at Madam Larroix's, here she' was in the garden, talking to- those ybung men as though she had knowin them all her life. Her lovely young'face flushed crimson. How was she to get rid of them? what was she to do ? Lord St. Albans must have guessed her embarrassment. 'We shall apologise for seeing the garden first,' he said; but Lord Damer brought us here.' Just to save Rose from furthur con fusion her father joined them, and they entered thedrawing-room together. Mrs. Curzon was there with Bell and Lily-looking as most other young ladies look-in clouds of white tulle and lace. HopeCharteris was seated in the shade of thelarge window. How she thanked Hea?vnthat everyone's attention was directed to the two young gentleman and none to her. ?IHer face grews white as death, her heart al?iost stopped beating when Verner entered the roomi.: It- was years since she had seen him--.long years; then he was a bdy,-sleeping.in. the shady bedroom at Widcombe. She thought that, ;if: cen tures had elapsed, she would have Itnovin that face 'aii;,here-the- white, broad brow;'sofullt of ideality and :poetry, the clustering hair, the luminous eyes, and tihe beautifiul mduth. F-e was so like his mother that she grew sick and faint as she looked at him. It would not have surprised her if the whole room full of people had cried out with one ,voice:' '.He is Floy's son,' And then she saw Lady Damer, with a sweet smile on her radiant face, advance to meet him. : .She saw her sister's hand clasp his, and then a merciful darkness came before her eyes, and for some minutes she could see no more. SWhen her senses returned to her, she found herself saying SMerciful God, have mercy on me.' When she had last seen those two together, Florence lay with the shadow of death on her face, utterly insensible to all that passed, and be lay a tiny, helpless babe on her hrm. This gorgeous drawing room faded away, and in its place'rose the white walls of the little chamber at the farm. She saw Dr. West, grave, sedate, :aind anxious. She heard Jane Elster's voice, saying ' She was very young to be married.' She remembered the little cry thebaby gave when they lified him from his mother's arm, how she herself had kissed the tiny, sweet face in a passion of remorse and sorrow. Now they were together again, mother and son-God help them, mother and son. Then she had to call all her strength together, for Lady Damer was bringing the two gentlemen to her. Lord St. Albans shook hands with her cordially. He bad always liked kindly, homely Hope. Charteris, and then her sister introduced them. She felt like'one in a dream'as Verner Elster shook hands with her and spoke to her. She looked up into his face in a bewildered, half-stupified way and answered him she knew not how.' Something in this homely, shrinking woman touched Verner's heart; he sat down by her side and began to talk to her. In a few minutes shelrecovered herself. ' It is all safe,' she said to herself, 'all safe, no one has found out that he is Floy's son.' She was naturally brave and courageous, strong of mind, brave of heart, quick of re source, and in a few minutes her scattered senses returned to her. Then she was able to talk to him. Ah, no wonder that Floy had been charmed with him, no wonder that Lord Damer had taken such a violent fancy to him. She had never seen such a face before, so spiritual, so eloquent, so beautiful, with a noble soul chining through it. Before the few minutes that elapsed between the arrival of guests and the announcement of dinner, she talked eagerly to him. Lady Damer look ing at her, smiled, thinking to herself that the young man had surely some wonderful charm about him that had already begun to work upon her quiet, sedate sister. Then dinner was announced, and the iee da-ete was broken. It was such a happy party. Lord Damer looked around on the smiling young laces, so bright, so happy; he looked at his beautiful wife radiant in jewels, smiling, gracious, and happy. A sense of peace and security crept into his heart-a warmth of happiness that thrilled him, that, even in the midst of that brilliant scene, made him grateful to the Great Giver. And there came to him no warning of the terrible doom slowly gathering round Avonwold-the lowering cloud that was to hide all brightness from him for ever. That evening Lord St. Albans found htmself for a short time alone with Verner. 'I shall never forget that lovely picture we saw to-day, Veirner,' he.said-' Miss Darner in the roses. How fair she is how lovely. If I cannot win her for my wife, I will love'no other.' 'SShe is very lovely,' said Verner calmly, 'but I do not think she is to be compared to her mother.' .; And, though Verner spoke quite seriou`sly, Lord St :Albais laughed heartily at his words. Sope, sCHAPTERi XXl.?J .-I am ' Hope,'. said Lady Dariner, ' I am growing quite uneasy about you so is Karl. *Do you know how changed you are; your eyes burn and look as though.they never slept; your hands tremble. You used to be so calm, so steady, so brave; but now you are nervous, unsettled. What is wrong, dear. It was a very white, changed face that Miss Charteris turned to her sister. She tried to smile and assure her that it was nothing but ill- health, but Lady Damer's keen, loving anxiousness was not to be so lightly dispelled. 'Surely, Hope,' she said, 'you have nothing on your mind-there is nothing the matter-no danger.' ' No, no, Floy; what should be on my mind ? Do not talk nonsense. Leave me to myself-I shall soon be better.' ' But,' persisted Lady Damer, 'you have said so for a long time; we have left you to yourself, but you grow no better.' Indeed, Miss Charteris looked vqry ill. It- had been a terrible trial to her nerves, seeing her sister's son brought as .a stranger ; but anything about the truth but the truth . itself. She bound herself tobear it all in silence, but there was a great fear upon her-a terrible fear'that nothing could do away with. That morning, as the whole party sat at breakfast, Rose laughingly told the story of a little pearl locket she wore. . 'It holds a charm,' she said; 'a real charm, a talisman. While I'keep it no harm can come to me.' Verner turned to her, laughing also. 'I have a charm,' he said,' but not 'so pretty as yours; mine is an old, green silk purse.' 'Let me see it,' said Rose, impera timely. 'So you shall. It is in my room; I go nowherewithout it.' 'Why do you not wear it?' asked Rose. 'You should put a'golden guinea inside it, and kreepit always upon you.' 'No; I am afraid of losing it, And'you do not know how superstitious I am; it seems to-hold all my good fortune. I have a presentiment that if I lost that, all my good fortune wou'd leave me.' 'I,-am quite curious to see it,' said Rose. 'After breakfast I shall be happy to show it to you.' And those few words had deprived Miss Charteris of all self-possession, and had caused her almost to despair. 'Floy will know that purse anywhere,' she thought. 'She made it herself, and was so proud of it. How could I be so mad," so foolish, so thoughtless? Who would have dreamed that he would bhe brought here? Oh, my God I my God I' cried the unhappy woman; 'is it'Your. Hand that has done it?' " She bent her whole energies upos making Verner anl Rose forgetthe sub. jectof, their conversation. She talked to them, told them anecdotes, rallied them until they all wonidered at her high spirits. 'Now,' she'said; 'do not let uts lose any time, the :morning is delicious.' Let us take some books andgo out as far as the King's Cedar, then Mr. Elster and Lorrd St. Albans will read' to us.' 'Why, auntie,' cried, Rose, ' you will sdon be a cdnfirmed lotus-eaier. I could not have invented a more 'Itixurious idea myself-sntishinei fragrance, the cedar shade, and'a book.' 'It will be very pleasant,' said· Lady Damrner. Lord St. Albans was perfectly indifferent, if only he could remain near his enchanting Rose. , We will lose no time,' said Miss Charteris; and they who smiled at her anxiety to be gone little dreamed of the feverish torture she was undergoing. She talked so much of what book they should take, who should read, and how' pleasant and bright it was, until. Verner and Rose, listening to her, forgot all about the purse. Then, when they were all ready," and Verner, with the kindly politeness that distinguished him, had offered to escort Miss Charteris, she suddenly'remembered something very important that she haid left undone. 'Go on without me,' she said to Lady Damer; 'I will follow you-I shall not be long.' And Lady Damer, as she went, thought there was something strange about her sister.. Lord St. Albans had made him self happy-he had secured Rose all to himself. The sound of their pleasant voices andhappy laughter made music in the clear, soft, summer air. Verner walkea by Lady Damer's .side. SWhy is this peculiar tree called the King's Cedar?' he asked. Ah, Mr. Elster, thereareso many legends at Avonwold; I believe that is why I love the place so dearly. The story is, that Charles the Second was under many obligations to the then Lord Damrner of Avonwold, and that after his restoration he came here to Avonwold'to thank him. The magnifiance and beauty of this cedar tree struck ' the merrie monarch,' and be suggested lunch underneath its shade. He was instantly obeyed, and seated there, Charles Stuart filled a silver goblet with choice malmsley, and drank to the health, prosperity, and happiness of the lords of Avonwold. The legend is that no branch of that tree will. ever break until Avonwold is on the eve of someterrible misfortune.' 'Then I, for one, hope it will never break,' .said Verner, and Lady Damer laughed. 'I hope not. I have not much fear. Thank Heaven our prosptrity seems well founded.' Then, after some minutes, they reached the cedar tree, and he, with all the fervour of an artist's soul, cried out: 'How beautiful. Oh, Lady Damrner, that is a pictrue.' The cedar of Avonwold is so well known to all lovers of trees that there is no need for me to dwell upon its beauty. The little party all sat down under the fragrant shade. ' I am sitting where King Charlie sat,' said Lord St. Albans, 'and, like him, I say from my very heart, peace, happiness, and prosperity to the Damers of Avon wold.' Then Verner, who had been..a ked to ead, and had chosen Milton's " Masque of Comus,' began.' it is to be feared that neither Rose nor Lord St. Alban's paid the attention due to such a grand poem-they were fast drift ng to the shoresiof fairy land; but Lady Damer was delighted. Something in the sound of that voice brought back her youth, lulled her into he sweetest dreams, awoke thoughts in her heart that had.long been frozen and lead. She looked up at him as he paused. 'Mr. Elster,' she said, ..where can I, hlve heard.your voice- before ? it sounds o me: like a :.train i6f ?.half-forgbtten: music. ' . -' ' ;. I cannot tell,, he replied, looking at her in wonder. Her beautiful face was fullot emotion, her eyes full of tears.' . There 'are chance'resemblances,' he said, 'in voices, and in faces, th'at'move us strangely. Perhaps you have heard a voice like mine. Voices sound so differently in speaking and in reading.' I do not know,' she answered. ' It is like the chime of bells. I heard when I was a child. Never mind my interruptions, Mr.. Elster, pray' pardon them. Go on with ' Comus.'' ' Surely,'. he said, struck by her sad face, ',surely you, Lady Damer, so radiant, so bright, so happy i surely you have no sorrowful memories ?' ' Why should I have?' she.asked, in a brighter tone. .. .,.. . 'I do not think,!, said tlie.young man, gravely, ' there can be a greater misfortune than to have a life all"darkened by. a shadow in youth.' .... ' 'No such shadow rests .on me,'.she said; and 'mother and son looked almost' lovingly into each other's face. -.Ah,.'if they had but known the truth. 'Auntie is a long time,' said Rose, who was very much attached to Miss Chai teris, and Lord St. Albans felt jealous that she should notice the absence ot any one else while he was present. . In the meantime Miss Charteris had not found her task so easy. It does not seem a ditfficult matter to enter a stranger's room and take anything from it, but when she came to put the idea into practice she found the task by no means so simple as it looked. She hurried upstairs at once and saw, as she went to her own room, that the door was .open. .. There was no need to look inside, for she heard the servant at work. She remained in her own room listening until she heard the maid going away, then she hastened in, feeling horribly guilty her heart beating, her hands cold, her limbs trembling. She- Hope Charteris -felt like a thief in her sister's house. She stood in the middle of the room, looking around; she had almost hoped to see the green purse lying on the table, but there was no sign of it. Then shel started, and a cold perspi ration broke out on her brow, for she heard the door open. If it should be Verner, oh, Heaven I what should she say ? She hardly had strength to turn ; but it was only Jane, the housemaid, come'back for something .she had left behind her. CHAPTER XXIII. ' I beg pardon,' said Jane, looking half scared.at.the tall figure in the middle of the room, . .. : - irYtu'.can. fliish' your vwork,' said Miss Charteris. .,'I only came, to 'see tihat Mr. Elster:had everything requisite.' - And then, still further to divert Janels attenttion,' she entered into a discussidn that; wai:only interestiiig to the servant herself. ">' Jane went downstairs. Miss Charteris felg'ned .to go into her room, a:nrid then' stole back.into Verner's. She kniew now there was but little time to :spare.: It would not do:for Jarie to rk turn .iad find her there. She looked quickly through thedrawers. Verner had evidently no'secrets; ,his jewellery, letters, note-books, everytlhing belongin'g to hirm, lay in the dconfusion that delights gentle men, on the toilet-table, amongst themin howevei;r, slihe -could not find the green purse.' A"thought ,came over her "that made sthe lifeblood freeze in' her veins had he fetched it, and already'sliewn it to Florence ?. -. SShe. knew hei sister's qiuick impulsive manher so well, she would cry oin'- i '.I-made that purse, it is my ,sister's;' and: then there: would be a :,grand dcnotiE met. :Oh;,i'. God, had that happened already ? SThien she und erstood it was rn'oit po?sible?, forshe'had never.left Verne'ris side- afthr breakfast ntilnhe:. wris safely out of the hoiise Ah, no, th'ailk God--thank Gbod, it ceuildinot be.' . .Then strength slowly;returned to:her. SI could not bear many such shocks as these,' she said:to herself. ';I have nbt the strength to live through hein.' : Time was passinig-where ivas the green purse? Suddenly her ieyes fell in a small half- opened portmanteau. She looked eagerly. into it? Alh I yes there it lay, quite at: the -bottom, half-covered with books. A small piece ofpaper was wrap ped round it, on which- was written 'Senit by-my kind and dear unknown friend;: who0hI pray God to bless. My talisman of fortune.' ,She graspied it in her hands, eagerly as a~imiser grasps.gold; she hurried away witheit, clutching- it with.fierce fingers as thought it were something living that could speak and proclaim her sister's disgrace. Therepwas no fire in h'er own chamber, but she was determined to destroy)it. She went, to the housekeeper's room where there was always a fire, and began:to talk to her. about some impending domestic event. * Mrs. Fenton,' she said, 'I did not feel well. I have not been well all the morn ing. Will you go and fetch me a glass of sherry ?' 'I thought you looked very strange, Miss Charteris,' said the housekeeper; and the moment she had quitted the room, Hope hurried to the fire. Hastily, without hesitation, she took the little purse, with its burnished steel rings, the written paper, and thrust it into the very middle of the flames. She held it there with the poker until every vestige was-consumed. Then Mrs. Fenton re turned with the glass of sherry. 'You look very ill, Miss Charteris; I should think it would be better for you to rest than to go out.' Mrs. Fenton poured out a glass of wine, which she held up to Hope's white lips. 'She did feel ill; the reaction was al most too great for her. She had felt so afraid, and the relief was so great, so en. tire. She drank the wine, and the house keeper was pleased to see some sign of returning colour. Then Hope walked alowly towards the King's Cedar. She had been. terribly frightened, and the fright had unnerved her. 'These are but shadows,' she.said, faint shadows. Oh, my God, what should I do, if ever the reality came ?' The crisp, clear air revived her. After all, these were but idle fears. She was was drawing near to the King's Cedar, and she could hear the sounds of young voices laughing and talking. Rose saw her first, and left her young lover's side to greet her. Verner, who had a great liking for the plain, kindly lady, also sprang forward, but not before Hope Charteris had seen that he and Lady Darner had been seated side by side, and on what excellent terms they appeared to be with each other. She tried her best to recover herself, to be merry and gay as were the rest, and only started with annoyance to find every now and then that Lady Damner's eyes lingered upon her with curious anxiety. There was one more trial before her, that of listening to 'all that would be said when Verner should discover his loss. She longed for that to be over. Then, she said to herself, there would be peace, and she was growing tired of suffering. It came as she had expected, at dinner time. Verner entered the dining-room with a very disturbed, anxious expression. on .his face. . She knew then he had discovered his loss. ' Mr; Elster,' said Rose, ' you are the most faithless of men. You promised me that you: would show me your talisman, and you have forgotten all about it.'. ! No,' he; replied, slowly and gravely, ' I did not forget, Miss Darner.; Iam.sorry to say I cannot find it-it is lost.' .. Lord Damer's attention was caught by that last word. * Lost, Mr. Elster?' he repeated.. ,'I hope you hanve not lost anything.' .. :'Only. my good fortune, my talisman,, the little purse that held all my luck.' . Lady Darner looked up with kindly interest in her face. , * What do I: hear, Mr. Elster ? Have you really lost youir little purse ..? ' I am sorry to:say yes, Lady Damer; it has vanished' as mysteriously as it came.' * ,'.:'.I am: sorry ; how did it happen?' said; a chorus of sympathising voices, above which sounded Lord Damer's,. clear and rather stern. ' Have you lost? it here-at Avonwold, Mr.. Elster ?' i Verner looked quite distressed at the storm he had .so unwittingly raised. . ; 'If so, continued Lord: Darner. ..' It must be found.. I allow of nothing being lost.' . 'I may be mistaken,' said the young man, eagerly. 'Indeed I must be mis taken; the purse was quite empty, Lord Damer, with a small piece of paper folded round it. It would be impossible for me to have lost it. I must have left it at Hatton Court.' ' But,' persisted Lord Damer, you had some recollection of bringing it with you ?' 'Only a faint one. I fancied I had placed it in my portmanteau, but I must have been mistaken.' Verner tried to change the conversation; he did not wish to make his loss a matter of comment, but-Lord Damrner did not forget, it. After dinner was over, he drew Verner aside. A'In a large establishment,' he. said, 'one cannot be too careful. You say your purse was empty; it may have been taken by some one who thought there was something in it.. I wish you could remember whether you brought it here or not. I shall• be quite anioyedif. you lose anythiting you value under my roof.',: 1 .:,,. Nor would.Lord Damer resti contnted lintil he had told ihis wiflehe' should like some inquiries made." The o!nly result obtained teas, ltha~" Jane" had thie care of Mr.: Elster's room. " 'Hope,' said Lady Darner, will you o'mde 'with 'me? I have. something dis agreeable to do, and, .as usual, .want what Rose so saucily calls ' the m'oral suppot' of your, countenance,',' ' : Quite: unconscious of what her sister ..wanted, Hope went with her, and Lady:' Dainer rang for Jane. '"Jane carie in,; looking rather nervous.; the servants at Avonwold allloved their beatitiful mistress yet stood somewhatin awe of her 'Jane,' said Lady Damer. kindly, ~' you. have the charge of Mr. Elster's room ?' .'Yes, my lady.' .i i : "He lhaslost an old fashioned, :einpty, green s?ilk purse, ?one o':fb'f no valie, yet: which lie' valties very much; have you seen it'anywhere? ' No, my lady, Mr.i Elster leaves all his things about the room, libut I :.have .not seen that. You saw to-day, Miss Cliar teris, but I have arranged'them.., :,: \- I Lady DatIer turned in surprise to her .sister..··i·sir;~ tllMs' '.siYou, .Hope ?' si said and Mis Charie~is felt that her face flushed the deepest crimson. ' ";:'' '! ' I went iliosigh the rodms to:day,' she said, confusedly, 'to, see if' they were all right.' ' " . Of course', said 'ad.. Daii.; sr;won dering why her sister need look so con fused. "'I need not ask you, Hope, if you saw. anything of this purse of Mr. Verner's. Hope Charteris' detested a lie, she cduld not tell one on so trivial a matter. SI can only say,' thatif Ido ssee the purse, it shall go to its owner at once, Floy.' ' And Jane,' said Lady Damer, 'be careful. I should be very pleased if we could give back to Mr. Elster this little trifle he.values so highly.' ' "I will look over his room, my lady, and do mybest to find it,' said'the maid. ,When she had left the room, Lady Damer turned to her sister. 'I never can endure to ask servants those, kinds of questions,' she said, 'it seems as though one suspected them. Jane has such a good, honest face. I trust I have not made her uncomfortable, Hope.' And Lady Damer still thought her sister's manner strange, as Hope made some vague reply. CHAPTER XXIv. How often has it been told, yet the charm of it to everyone is that it is new. It useemed to you, reader, that it had never been told one half so sweetly as it was to you; whispered, perhaps, in the starlight, or under the rippling folirge of the lime trees, every word making sweetest music in your heart until you thought no one else had ever found the world so fair. To one it was first told in the gloaming of a summer's evening- the birds singing in the trees, the breath of the flowers dying on the air, the sweet, solemn still ness of evening creeping over the smiling earth. The voice that had whispered it is hushed for ever now, and the facp that bent so lovingly over your own, hidden from mortal eyes, the hand that clasped yours, cold in death. Yet that hour and its memories are the sweetest life will ever hold. Toeach one of us Cod has given youth and love. The story was told hundreds of years ago, it will be told long alter our ears are dulled to all mortal sounds, and it will go on for ever, making music and sunshine and beauty in the heart of man. Lord St. Albans had fallen most pas sionately in love with Rose Damrner; he thought hdr the loveliest, truest, and best. He would look at her and wonder if she could ever stoop from the hIeight where beauty and grace had placed her,.to him. ' The lovely Rose,' not quite seventeen, and dimly conscious of lher own beauty, was perfectly aware of her lover's frame of mind; it seems innate in women, that consciousness of what is passing in men's hearts. It was beautiful as a summer's idyll to Hope Charteris, who for long years had not knorin what love was,-it was like one long poem. She enjoyed watching Rose's pretty arch, halfshy, wholly charming manner. She delighted in seeing how entirely the young lord was subjugated, yet how he loved his chains. Ah, me I what is like youth, beauty and love? Kindly eyes watched these two, to whom heaven and fortune had been so kind; kindly lips smiled on them, prayed for them, and blessed them. Lord St. Albans dearly loved Rose, yet he doubted whether he was worthy of her. He was fond of reading, and he noticed, with dismay, all the leading novels went into raptures over muscular heroes. 'I shall never be a muscular hero,' he thought. 'If women really, like none but men with nerves of steel.and the brute courage of lions, no wbman will ever rove me.' ,.i . He thought of .that most popular of all heroes, .Guy Livingstone, ,and mentally compared himself.with him.; SI am not so brave as men I know, or men I have read-' of,' thought thelyoung lord. 'Let.me see.for myself where lam deficient : ,Iam, frightened at water; the very sight of it-river, lake; pondi pool, or sea-is distasteful to me. Is that cow ardice ? I cannot think so. If I saw, anyone I .loved fall-into the water,, much as I loathe it, I should certainly jump in to rescue them. I am not frightened at my fellow men. A.strange shadow, a strange noise, would startle me, but if I came face to.face with a burglar, he would stand a poor chance, I venture to believe. I am brave enough at all times and on all occa sions to speak the truth. I am not coward enough to condescend either to lies, to meanness, or deceit, yet I am nervous, and shall be nervous after a fashion until I die.. If I had but Verner's spirit, and Verner's cool daring 1' And thisyoung lord, who bore an ancient name-who was sole heir to vast wealth-who was handsome, kindly, and and generous- thought all these gifts little worth, because to them was not added physicial courage and .daring. It made him humble-it made him think so little of himself, that his only wonder was how anyone could love him. So it was with no airs of rash security, no cer!ain!y of conquest, that he began to woo Rose Darner. His very humihlity made him more pleasing to her, for, with all respect to men of the present day, ad mitting their great virtues, it must be ad mitted that they seldom err on the side of humility. There was no impediment in the way of his marriage;- tbe Earl and Lady Dysarte had more than once expressed a wish that he should marry young, and he knew his mother loved Rose Damrner. Speaking of lier once, Lady Dysarte had :said -B·~ ' IfI had all England to choose from, I should selJct Rose Dami:r? Most families have their 'skiletoris, their black sheep, their, misfortunes tha:t tey: anxiously try -to keep from the public eye. The Damers have nothing of the kind, they haveeeb n'f'a sim ple, ?;otiourable, royal race, on whose-name no stain.rests. For that ieasdn: and becatiue Ieliev??e honour and loyalt)y to be hereditary, I should like Archie to marry i'ose Daimer. ''3Soth~it? whenitie:young lord looked on the girl he l?vedi heiknew ihat lhis mar riage .with her would give the highest joy to those he loved best? 'I must win 'lla or lBes all,' he said. to himself one miorning. :.! To-day I will ask Rose to be my wife.': .. He waited his opportunity, hnd it came on the e7venihg of tihatsanie day I an eve ning-so'fair, thatilt was like a smile from heave'; and Lady Damer, looking at the youg flaices--p?rhapliswiih s'ome memory o6f her, own .y~puth in her. breast---proposed that inistead.of.remaining in the drawing room-they should go out and see the sun set onthe lake.' :.Prhaps it ieastlhe young lover's wistful face that touched her. She was rewarded by a flash of joy, and Lord St. Albans was the first todeclare-theidea charming. On ~these.occasion, Whether it was for walk or drive, Hope.Chartelis noticed, with.,sturprise, that Verner and Lady Damer weie inseparable. Once or twice she had lingered near them from simple cisriosity to know of what they.spoke, and th.n she was bewildered to find that there was a similarity almost marvellousbetween the ideas, thoughts, and words of mother and son. They understood each other by instinct. When Verner would have spoken to an other, he simply turned to Lady Darner with that luminous, beautiful smile, and she understood without the utterance of a word. 'It is marvellous,' said Miss Charteris to herself; 'anyone who watched them might know they were nrother and son.' They used almost the same forms of speech; they talked together for hours in that easy, unrestrained manner that be tokens congeniality of mind. 10 BE CONTINUED. 