St. John's Hall (Church of England.) . LAYING THE COBNER STONE. THB ceremony of laying the corner stone of St.. John1; Hall, in Baylis-street. in con* neetion with the Church of Eogland, took place yestwrday, evening, in the presence of a large gathering'of .ladies* and-gentlemen, members of St. John's congregation (in* eluding the churchwardens), and others. .The hour appointed for the ceremony was '6 o'clock, by wbioh time the choir had taken their places on a raised platform, on which were also the Ven. Archdeacon Powuall, Mrs. Fitzhardinge, His Worship the Mayor (Mr. 'H. B, Fitzhardinge), and Mr. T. S. Gardiner. Proceedings were commenced by the choir singing hymn 215/ " The Church's One Foundation," after which the Archdeacon exhorted those present as follows :-M Dearly beloved in the Lord, we are here'met as i Christian brethren.. Let us all be- of one 1 mind and one heart; and with one voice aud with one mouth offer humble prayer and joyful praises to the Lord our God. : Holi ness becomes His House for ever. Let us then, especially at tins timo, pour out our j hearts before Him, and with saints and angels, and with all the company of Heaven, laud and magnify His glorious name. Aud, j unworthy though we be, through our mani fold sins, to offer unto Him any sacrifice, let j us beseech him to accept this our bounden | duty and service, for Christ's sake. Prayers 1 specially arranged for, and appropriate to j the occasion, were then offered by the I Archdeacon, after which the choir saug hymn No. 391-" Onward, Christian Sol diers." Mr. GARDINER then announced that, in accordance with the usual custom on such occasions, a' bottle was placed under the stone',Containing copies of the local papers, the Express, Advertiser, and Evening Post, and the following record: "To the glory of God, and in1 the name of the Sacred and Holy Ministry, this corner stone of St. John's Hall was laid by Mrs. H. B. Fitz hardincje, on Wednesday, February twenty second, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty«eight, the ground on which the building is in course of erection, being a grant from the Government of New South Wales, and the building being ior the use of a Sunday School, mission, and other parochial church purposes in connection witli St. John's Church of England, Wagga Wagga. The architect of the building being G. Sheppard, Esq., and the builder C. Hardy, IEsq., both of Wagga Wagga. The Right Rev. Mesne Thomas, D.D., being the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, Tho Ven. W. H. Fownall, B.D., Arohdeacon and Canon, In cumbent of St. John's, Wagga Wagga, and H. B. Fitzhardinge, G. W. Commius, and T. S. Gardiner, Esqs., churchwardens, of the parish of Wagga Wagga-Fob. 22, 1888." At the invitation of the Archdeacon, Mr. Chas. Hardy, junr, (representing his father as the contractor), then came forward and' presented Mrs. Fitzhardinge with a silver trowel, bearing the usual inscription. The stone which was suspended by a ohniri from pnllies, having boon placed in position, Mrs, Fitzhardinge said : "I lay this corner stone of St. John's Ball, to the glory of ,Gfbd Almighty, and' in tbo name of the Father, Sod, and Holy Ghost-Amen," the following prayer bein« repeated "And may the glorious majesty of the Lord and God be upon us. Prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us, and prosper Thou our handy work." Mrs. Fitzbardioge then declared the stone " to be well nnd truly laid." The choir then sang "Praise God from whom all Blessings Plow," which brought the ceremony to a close. Mr. Gardiner invited those present who felt disposed to lay contributions on the stone, which invitation was at once accepted by several gentlemen, and among the sub* scriptions were the following Ven. W. H. Pownall, £25 ; Mr. W. G. Commins, . £25,; collected by Mr. Chas. Nixon, £11 2? 6d Mr. H. B. Fitzhardingc, £25; Mrs. Morison, £1 Is ; Messrs Sullivan nnd Mackay, £1 Is ; Mrs. Ferguson, £1 Is j Mr. 0' Byrne, £1 Is, 