The Lady's-Maid's Story. Yes, miss, certainly, I lived [with Mrs. Birch — Miss Grigg that was befote she married Mr. Birch. I knew all about that affair. It was very singular, indeed — very. I'm not sure that I ought to mention it, for if a lady's-maid can't hold her tongue she can't find good places. Dear me, I'm no talker, i'm as mum as a mouse. Bushels of pearl powder and quarts of rouge have I applied with my own Lands, and never ho much as hinted at. As for. cotton, bless your heart Tve never breathed about it, and I did live with a lady once that took arsenic regularly for her complexion. That's no secret, for she took too much one day, by acci dent, and died. ' There was an inquest and it all came out. It's well it am, tor suspicion pointea to ner nusoana. bomenow, it always seems to strike a jury that a husband is the likeliest person to wish a wife out of the way. But this isn't any thing about paint ; Miss Grigg, being on the stage, made no secret of that. She played queens and such, miss. I've often had tickets given me and gone with my young man to see her act. And when she was haughty and curled her nose like, miss, and looked at other foiks over her shoulder, and talked away down in her throat like a pigeon gurgling, she was splendid, miss. It made me think how nice it would be to be a queen and to take airs over everybody. ' Well, MisB Grigg was engaged to be married. Mr Birch had fallen in love with her when she was playing Hamlet's ma. Perhaps you have seen the piuy, miss? The young man objects to his ma getting; married the second time — so I seemed to make out— and acted most im pertinent, giving sass to his ma and his step-pa, and carry ing on awful. And there was a pour young lady quite out of her mind that afterward got drowned. ' Well, she was playing Hamlet's ma, and Mr. Birch fe'l in love with her and sent her a letter, and called and made an offer, all in no time. She accepted him, of course, and the preparations for the wedding began. 1 don't think any lady ever had so many dresses before. Silks and satins, and veivet* and laces. Dear, dear; Madame ? 's whole establishment was hard at work fora month, and if I'd had twtnty fingers} instead of; only ten, I'd have had uEe for them all. 'At last everything was finished. The trunks were packed, fifteen of 'em, miss, and fourteen were to go on that afternoon, and one— the one with the wedding and travelling dresses— was, of course, to be left and go with the bride when she started next day. She was to be married at 10 o'clock in church, and then drive home, have a splendid breakfast, change her dress, and catch the 3 o'clock train. Of course, I saw to the trunks, and I was very careful; but just when I was needed most, just as the trunks were going down-stairs, Mies Grigg called me. ' Miss Grigg was a lady who didn't like to wait. I went to her at once, miss, as was my duty, and I eaid to Bridget Duster, the chambermaid : ' ' Bridget, watch that black trunk and see that the men don't carry it off.' 'Bridget understood with her elbowa, of course, miss, and after I had been to the land's end for two yards of HllTfl **i}iTinn rrf nvan+lxr fiim7i a alia /3a aa cYia ntanfarf a*u4 rr.^.4 back, found that she had sent off the black trunk first of all, and was very proud of having been so careful. The trunks were all miles away by that time. There was noth ng for it but to tell Mis* Grigg. She flew at me, miss. I don't blame her for being angry. 1 would for give her in such a case. She flew at me violent, miss ; and then, miss, she had spasms. She beat the sofa, she tore her hair, she screeched, and me all the while saying : '? Remember your eyes, miss. Think how you'll look. Your nose is swelling dreadful, miss.' ' finally she came to and bathed her face. And says she : ' ' Flora, what-shall— I dor' ''1 don't know, miss,' said I. ? unless von put off the wedding until you telegraph for the trunk.' '*No,s said »he, 'that's unlucky;, besides one never knows. None ain't to be depended o*n.' ** ' You might borrow a dress,' eaid I. ' ' As if I'd be married in one that didn't fit,' said Bhe. 1 Stop, don't speak a word. I've an idea.' ' She sat with one finger on her lips for a while. Then she eaid : ' k Mv embroidered dressing-gown. The white one. That's here i ' ' ? In the bureau, miss,' said I. ' ' Very well,' said she. ? L'U be married in that. Tele graph for the trunk, Flora.' ' ' The white dressing-gown, miss ': ' said I, nearly astonished out of my senses. ' * fes,' said she, ' the white dressing-gown, goose: you don't think I'm going to be married in church in that. 1 won't put off the wedding, and I won't stand np before a crowd in anything but m; white satin dress. But I '11 be married at the appointed hour, for all that. So telegraph, for my trunk and come back sonn.' ' When I came back I found Miss Grigg in bed and the doctor sent for. He was puzzled : I could see that. He couldn't tell what was thematter,and Miss Grigg was too faint to epeak. He questioned me. I said she had been very much agitated. He prescribed something and went off, bidding me send for him if she seemed worse. The evening paper published the report that Miss Grigg was danger ously ill, and Mr. Birch came to the hotel in a terrible fright as pale as a sheet, to ask how she was. I took him down ' Her love, and she was very ill.' ' Then Miss Grigg said to the ladies who had come in, ' Leave me with my faithful Flora,' and we were left alone. I can't say that I was surprised when she sat up in bed and said, briskly : '* * Lock the door, Flora. I'm sick of lying on my back. I've taken them in, haven't I ? You see what I am about now :' ' * Exactly, miss,' said I : 'to be too ill to be married when the time comes.' ' ' No,' said she ; ? to be ill enough tj be married in the white dressing-gown. I'm going to be married on my dying bed, Flora.' ' I gave a screech and she laughed, and then 6he made a supper of sardines and biscuit and wine, and she threw the medicine out of the window. Early next day the doctor came. I answered his question as to what sort of a night his patient had had by saying she had been ' much The Batue.' And then I took a little note she had written to Mr. Birch. ' I knew what was in it. She told him ' that rather than leave the world without keeping her vow to him she would be married on her dying bod.' 1 powdered her up well, miss, and I dressed her in the embroidered dressing-gown, with tube roses at the throat. I pulled down the green shades and darkened the room. She fixed the pillows to prop herself up with, and then skipped into bed. '' Give me my pearl bracelets,' she said, ' and the hand somest of those handkerchiefs, and all my rings ; and. Flora, mind you must sob through all the ceremony. I'm going to be calm.' ' We hadn't five minutes more, but just as the first knock came to the door she whispered : ?' ? Oh, dear ! if I only could have slow music. Couldn't you catch that 'Traviata' organ, Flora, and get him to play for half an hour outside the window? He's always on the corner. Flora, I'll leave you something handsome if you do.' 'I did it, short as the time was. I caught that man and he ground out bis quarter's worth. '? The clergyman was a very nice, neat, near-sighted old gentleman. Mr. Birch was the dreadfulest sight— pale as a ghost and shaking from head to foot. The groomsman looked dreadfully sorry ; the four or live intimate frienda looked as though they were at a funeral ; and to see her, with her calm smile and powdered face, one hand against her heart, the other in his— I was glad I'd been told to sob, I had to do something. And so they were married. ''I feel,' said Miss Grigg, slowly, ' that this, perhaps the last moment of my life, is very 6weet. To die thus, with my hand in yours— ah ! Dearfriend, adieu. Flora, my faithful maid, take this ring.' I saw her pick out the cheapest ; but no matter. ' Remember me by it. Now — leave us.' ' Then everybody kissed her and went out of the room sobbing. ' In a moment more there was a scream ; Mr. Birch had fainted away. It took an hour to bring him to. ' The reporter of the evening paper was waiting outside for the news. It was published all over that night, but the next afternoon the travelling dress came back in the black trunk. ' Yes, miss, of course, Miss Grigg — I mean to say Mrs. Birch— recovered at once. And that's the whole story. I'm the only one that knows it, and 1 wouldn't mention it to any one but you, ma'am.'— .\'cw York News. 