St. John's Church, Bulimba. Foundation Block Laid by Lady Musgrave. The ceremony of laying the foundation block of the new Anglican Church of St. John the Baptist, Bulimba, was performed by Lady Musgrave on Saturday afternoon last. There was a large number of members and friends of the congregation present, and several clergymen. Archdeacons Matthews and Glennie, also attended. A processional hymn was sung, and on reaching the site of the new building a Bhort service was read by the ven. Archdeacon Dawes, who also read a part of the 12Sth and Slth Psalms, and u few vorcej of the 1st epistle of St. Poter. Another hymn was sung at the conclusion ol which the Lord's prayer was repeated, aud Lady Musgravo was then requested to perfoim the ceremony. Iu laying the block Lady Musgravo said, 'To tho glory of Gtd, and in memory of St. John the Baptist, we lay this first block in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, Amen.' Archdeacon Dawes then deliveied a short address. Ho said, it was a matter for regret that the bishop of the diocese was not present that day. The bishop had the welfare of the dioceso at hoart, a'ld would have encouraged the work in which they were engaged. Ho bolieved it was quite unique in the- history of tho Church of England in this colony that a church was about to be built which, had the foundatiou laid with a stroug probability of being opened free of debt. This, liebclieved, was, atany rate, uniquoin tho history of tho diocese, and they ought to bo thankful that it was so. They were indebted to four persons especially for the success which had been attained so far, ana it wus owing to tlieiv wise counsel, their business capacity, and tho great liberality manifested, that it was possible to do what had been done that cUy. Ho would mention the names of Mr. Griffith, Mr. Coxcn, Mr. Cairncross, aud the late Mr. Walsh, as having brought the matter to such a successful iESue. As they were aware, it was proposed tocalltheehurch St. John the- Baptist, and he trusted that it would mean that they would be actuated by the spirit of John the Baptist. They were planting that blouk, us it were, ns a witness for God that thoro may be a tree of life, and that from its fruits the food of immortality may be gathorcd, and that the leaves of which may be for the healing of the nations. In conclu sion lie asked all who were present to help in the work that was so well begun, and trusted they would contribute'jliberally to the oause. He then culled on Mr. Edward Gritiith to make a statement. That gentloman said that ii few of them recognised the desirability of having a church, and they determined to do it. They promised £100 on condition that tho puiish would raise £200. That sum had been £650 towards, tho building of the church, which was to cost £U05, and practically they could say the building was paid for. He llipulitd Lady Musgruvc for performing tho seieinony of laying the foundation-block of the church, also Archdeacon Datvcs for his address. Another hymn was sung, during which a col lection was taken up amounting to £14. JJiss L. Grinith presided at the organ. The pro ceedings closed by the benoeUetiou. 