THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PMaBS&ioH;, con nianxs, AXD opii ee30ur0es. SANDBURST, WEDNESDAY^ OOT. $/,, 18S8 THE VICTORIAN YEAR-BOOK. Ma. HAYTER. has adopted the convenient plan of publishing portions of the Victorian Year Book, as iheycan be got ready for the press. The first volume, which we have just received, deals with the matters of population, Finance and Vital Statistics, the year took, as it has previously been issued, having contained six more sections, namely, Production, Accumulation, Interchange, Law, Crime, etc., Soctal Condition and Defences, together with lengthy appendices. We are told in the prefaee it is intended that two more volumes shall follow, in the last of which the folding sheets, appendices, maps and.'general index will be published. In the introductory part, an account of the dis covery of Victoria is given together with a sketch of its early history and a variety of information, including the " Position of Victoria," its boundaries, area, and a general description of the colony, the latitudes and longitudes of various places, lists of the mountains and hills; the rivers, lakes, bays and inlets, and other interesting matter. Part 1 treats of the population. We are told that the estimated population of the colony at the end of 1887 was 1,030,119, consisting of 550,044 males and 486,075 females. There has been an increase since 1886 of 33,076, that of males prepon derating by 4,108. Allowance has been made for unrecorded departures, and but for these the population would be 1,072,107. Tiiese unrecorded departures cause " a constant loss in the account of population unrecognised at the time, which can only be COUmeiOiUitijuea oouijilun ut aiilv«la uvor departures overland, a circumstance which, it is believed, has of late years occurred but rarely." The excess of births over deaths last year was greater than in any year since 1871\. In 1860 the population of Victoria exceeded that of New South Wales by 1,077, but the estimated figures of last year stand as follows :-Victoria, 1,036,119; !New New Wales, 1,042,919. The popula tion of Queensland is given at 366,940, of South Australia a', 312,421, and of Western Australia at 42,488, making a total for continental Australia of 2,800,887. In all the colonies abovenamed there has been an increase, oxcept in South Australia, which has lost 337. Tiio population of Tasmania and New Zealand-142,478 and 603,361 respectively - bring the total of the Australasian colonies up to 3,546,726. Mr. Hayter calculate^ that when the next simultaneous census of the colonies is taken in 1891, the total will be found to be 4,000,000. In 1981 he considers it probable that the total will be 93,865,138, and in 2001, that it will bo 189,269,663. This is rather a long time to look forward to, but as Mr. Hayter observes, " the con sideration of such large numbers naturally excites thought as to what may not be tho possibilities of a future Australia; still it must be admitted that at tho present iime such speculations aro more curious than practically useful." "We aro coming a little nearer to the .practically useful considering, in what time .the population will be doubled,; and Mr. Hayter holds that it should takej 42 years. " There is Reason to belio7e; however," lie adds, " that it may be ex pepted to double itself in ft much shorter time." These calculations are very interest" iiig, but progress depends on circumstances, and there is no saying what may occur to hasten or retard it in the time of the present generation. It is not unreasonable to antici pate a very large increase of the population in the course of a few years. Referring to the financial section of the volume, a good idea of the progress made by this colony in about thirty years may be gained from the statement that in 1856 the revenue amounted to £2,972,496, whilst that for 1886-7 was £6,733,820. In thirteen years, that is from 1873 to 1886 the aggregate revenue of the colonies on the Australian continent rose from £9,101,000 to £19,249,000, the increase being over 10 millions sterling or 111 per cent. We are getting along to a point of time, therefore, when Australians wil) be able to say " we've got the men, we've got the money too" and to flaunt the Southern Cross among tho national flags 'bf the world. The British re venue in 1887 was £90,772,758; that of India £74,4:04,197; and that of Canada, £6,817,200. The aggregate annual revenue of tho British dominions is 205 millions, of which 92 per cent, is raised in the United Kingdom, India and Australasia, the pro portion contributed by each respectively be ing 44 per cent., 36i per cent, and 11 A- per cent. It appears that France raises tho largeat revenue of any country in the world. Next comes Germany, and third the United Kingdom. " In Victoria" says Mr. Hay tor, " nearly twice as much per head is raised as 1 in France, and more than two and a half times as much as in the United Kingdom. The public debt of Victoria on 30th June, 1887, amounted to £33,119,164, being made up of £1,705,164 borrowed in the colony and £31,414,000 borrowed in Great Britain. We cannot possibly follow Mr. Hayter through all hia elaborate statements and figures, which will be found by those obtaining the volume to be of a most interest ing and valuable character, and being given in a handier form than usual can be easily grasped. The concluding portion of the work, as we have said, relates to the vital statistics of tho colony. There was a slight increase in tho number of marriages for 1887 over that x>f the previous year, but not sufficient to de note progress in that respect, the excess be ing only thirty one. The Government Statist remarks " that the frequency of marriage is not dependent upon the numbers of the total population, still less upon the number of marriageable women, but almost entirely upon the number of marriageable .men the community contains, the tendency of whom bo marry is modified by their habits and occupations, and upon the view they take of their future prosperity." This serves to show that our young men are dis creet and furnishes what should be a satis factory answer to the oft repeated question, ' why don't the men propose ?' It appears that those engaged in agriculture incline to matrimony more than the city and town bred men. The number of births re gistered in 1887 was 33,043, as against 30,824 in 188G. Some progress there, which it is to be hoped, will be kept up. With reference to deaths, it is stated that 9,213 males and 0,792 females died last year. Since 18G2 the proportion of deaths of males has been greater than of females. As a rule, the greatest mortality occurs in summer and the autumn. More than a third of the males and females who died in 1887 were under five years of age; about a fourth of the males and about a third of the females were between 5 and 45 years of age; a sixth of the males and more than an eighth of the females were over 65 years. An immense deal of in teresting and instructive information is given under the section "Vital Statistics," the principal causes of death being shown to gether with descriptions of the most danger ous and prevalent diseases, and their proper mode of treatment. It .vould be satisfactory j to find the Year Book as now published in general circulation. A SUPPLEMENT is published with this morn ns's issue. , " PwiLiMir.irr, I" U{Juuubitc UOUI1C1I last uiglit,. tn'e '.Noxious Insects Bill passed through committee with numerous amendments. A bill was read the first time for restricting the opera tions of trustees' and executors' agency companies to trustee work pure and simple. In the As sembly, Mr. Gilhes announced that he had come to an understanding with Mr. Bent, and that the House would deal with the estimates before the refreshment hour, and with the Redistribution of Seats Bill afterwards. This was carried out, and the clauses of the Redistribution of Seats Bill were passed, leaving the schedules which define the boundaries of the electorates and details to be dealt with. The House then adjourned. THE ALLEGED CASK op HYDHOPHOBIA. -. Our Melbourne correspondent states in connection with the report that a dog suffering from hydro phobia had been killed in one uf the suburbs of Melbourne, the Minister of Agriculture has had inquiries made into the matter by the Chief Inspector of Stock and by Mr. Kendall, veterinary surgeon. These gentlemen state there are no grounds for alarm, as the dog wassimply suffering from distemper. THE COLLISION AT NARBE WARREN.-Our Me'i bourne correspondent saysThe inquest on" the body of the engine-driver iM'.Vamaru) the victim of the railway collision at Narre Warren, was commenced yesterday at the Melbourne Hospital and adjourned till to-day, after some evidence had been taken. Albert Knapp, porter at Narre Warren, deposed that he had protected the milk train by the danger signal. Wm. B. Johnson, a porter on probation at the same station, gave evi dence that he saw the level at danger, but could not say anything about the light. This was cor roborated by the guard of the milk train. Robt Asher (fireman), and Duncan Brennan (guard of the colliding train), on the contrary stated that the all right signal was flying as they entered the station. BEER PRIZES AT THE EXHIBITION.-In connec tion with the awaids for beer at the Exhibition of which mention was made in our issue of Friday' it should be mentioned that Messrs Miller and Mason, of the Western City Brewery, Hamilton were successful in securing first prize and first special prize for "strong ale," thus beatin<* well-known English and Scotch breweries unci breweries of Melbourne, New Zealand, ' New South Wales, Queensland, and other places Messrs. Miller and Mason are well known on Bendigo, having been connected with the Kent Brewery for many years, and their friends will be glad to hear of their success. EXCURSION FARES to MELBOURNE DERBY -\nd CUP.-We are informed that Messrs. Thoa Cook and Son will issue ordinary excursion ticket* (through their local agents, Messrs. Hemming and Woods, Loridan s Buildings) independent of their combined tickets to the Flemington racecourse grand stand, and hill. All tickets will be available for passengers to travel at any time from Monday 20th October, to Saturday, 10th November '?md can return by any ordinary train up to the 'night of Monday, 19th November. These tickets are issued on exactly the same terms as the Railway vjv . 1«t fttaw. Ttnrn. 21s.: return, 12s. !)u. IMPORTANT SALE OF Property.-This afternoon at two o clock Messrs. K. O'Neill and Co will commeuce an extensive gala of property at St James'Hall. The sale will embrace S4'valuable oity and suburban properties belonging to Mr John Holn.es, who purposes leaving Sandhurst to settle down on his station at Gannawarra Amongst the properties which will be put up for sale are the Commercial Hotel and shops in Pall Mall and Market square, the Federal Storo in View-street ''Bleak House," and allotments in Mitchell, M Crae, and Barnard-streets; also fanns and building allotments at Huntly, Goornong Ascot, Grassy Flat, Strathfieldsaye, and Kanga roo Flat. The sale extends over two days Catalogues can be obtained on application to the auctioneers. THE BALD HILL FARM.-At the cattle yards yesterday afternoon Messrs, Grattan and Stamp in conjunction with Messrs R. O'Neill and Co. offered for sale Mr. John Naughton's well-knowu Bald Hill farm, situated at Woodstock. There was a moderate attendance, but the bidding was liotup to the reserve, and the property was ac cordingly passed in. "PIRATES OF PENZANCE."-The Sandhurst Lie dertafel »viil appear this evening in their 20th en tertainment, and will produce the "Pirates'of Penzance" fpr a season of three nights. The cast which api>ears in another column, includes the principal vocalists of the city, and several who have not previously taken part in opera. Miss Mabel Davidson as "Mabel," General Stanley's daughter, and Miss Elsie O'Flaherty as "Ruth," take the two principal lady characters. Miss Bella Stewart, Miss M. Read and Miss M. Longstaff ap pear as "Edith," " Kate" and "Isabel," daughters of General Stanley. Mr. G. H. Matear takes the "Major General,' Mr. R. Matchett the "Pirate King," Mr. W. Tinkler, "Frederic," (the slave of duty), Mr. J. B. Coborn "Sergeant", Mr. H. Credgington "Samuel" (a pirato lieutenant). The scenery is entirely new, and represents in the first act a rocky shore on the coast of Cornwall, and in the second act. a ruined abbey by moonlight; a brilliant tableau representing " Britannia?' is in troduced with limelight effects. ' Subscribers are informed that all .tickets will be collected'at the doors, and season tipkqts ire-issued after th'e per formances, as tipkets are" Available for one concert only, Jjnd t)<? apatfj >yjl) be reserved after the'nee of |lje curtain, ' "' " .*' .. 1 . A PLEASANT SURPRISE.-On opening the dona tion box at the Bendigo HospitaL on Suuday last, a cheque for £50 from Mr. George Lanaell, dated as far back as the 24th August last, was found therein. The donation-box is opened only occa sionally for the extraction of its contents, and it was simply opened last Sunday in consequence of it being Hospital Sunday. Mr. Lanseli'a cheque had evidently remained in the tox ever since August last. INSOLVENCY MEETING.-The meeting of credi tors in the insolvent estate of Herbert Southam, which was to have been held, lapsed, there being no creditors present, nor the official assignee, con sequently no debts were proved. CITY POLICE COURT.-Messrs. A. Bayne and T. S. Gibson, Js.P., presided at this court yester day. A young man named Thos. Blanthorn, charged with being illegally on the premises of Mrs. M'Gregor, Durham Ox Hotel, was remanded until Thursday. Several debt cases were heard, and the court adjourned. THE HEATHCOTE RAILWAY TIME TABLE.-Mr. Bailes, M.L. A., has received the following letter from the Minister of Railways in reference to the time table on the Heathcote railway :-Sir,-With reference to my letter of the ICth instant, No. 4,663, relative to the Sandhurst and Heathcote railway time table, I am now directed by Mr. Gillies to inform you that he learns from Mr. Speight that no complaint has been received from Heathcote of the train service, and although the present service is a result of opening the line in a section (an exceptional one), it could not, even from a Sandhurst point of view (namely, to enable Sandhurst residents to visit Heathcote, and have some time there) be ir.ade more convenient than it now is. Piesaure is brought to bear u^on the Railway department to open portions of lines be fore they are sufficiently equipped for the pur pose, and, an a consequence, engines have to run tender first one way on the journey between Sandhurst and Heathcote. The Kail.vay Com missioners think they should have some experience of the traffic before they re-consider the present service which is in itself only a temporary arrange ment. I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant, Wil. SEWELL, Acting Secretary to the Premier. EAGLEHAWK HOSPITAL SUNDAY.-Hospital Sun day will be celebrated at Eaglehawk next Sunday. A united Sunday school service will be held m Canterbury Park at three o'clock in the after noon. The Rev. W. Moore will officiate. GOLDEN CITY SKATING RINK, VIEW-STREET. This place of amusement was well attended last evening, the principal attraction being the Polo match Columbia v. Golden City, which, after a well-contested game, ended in a draw, each side securing one goal each. The Goornong skating social takes place this evening. A large number of Sandhurst skaters have already secured their tickets,,. A start will be .made from the Golden City Rink at three p.m. to-day. THE ZOEIDOLIC ENTERTAINMENT.-Much pre paration is being made for the Zoeidolic enter tainment to be held in the Masonic Hall on Tues day, the 30th instant. All Saints' funds should benefit considerably by the active efforts of Mrs. Macgillivray and the ladies and gentlemen who are helping her. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL -John Kennedy, 48 years of age, admitted 2[)th September, died 24th October from heart disease. A NEW COMPANY.- Tiie prospectus of Li The Victorian _ Paper Manufacturing Company, limited," will be found in our advertising columns. The company has been formed for the purpose of purchasing and carrying on and extending the business of the Barwon Paper Mills, Geelon". The capital of the company is £120,000 in £6'0 000 shares of £2 each. _The first issue will be 35,000 shares, payable at 5s. per share on application,' 5s. on allotment and the balance by instalments of not more than 5s. per share at intervals of not less than three months. It is anticipated that not more than £1 per share will be called up. HOUSEBREAKING.-Three boys, named respec tively, Thos. Quin, H. O'Connor, and Wm. O'Connor, were arrested yesterday by Detectives Mahony and Sainsbury on a charge of breaking into the shop of Wm. Gittens, butcher, William son street, on the loth inst. at 11.30 o'clock at night, and stealing therefrom 20s. in silver, They will be brought before the court to-dav. CO.III.VG BEKOHE THE BENCH.-Joseph Murphy was arrested yesterday at about 1 p.m. by Con stable M'Laine on a charge of insulting behavior. On being arrested he resisted violently, and gave the constable a considerable amount of trouble to secure him. Mr Lyons, the caretaker of Rosalind Park, gave a woman named Annie Williams into tile custody of Constable Double yesterday on a charge of wilfully damaging plants in Rosalind Park. She was under the influence of liquor at the time. iox TKRRIF.K COURSING.-The fox terrier cours ing match, which was appointed to be held at the' Bull'* Head Hotel. Grassy Flat to-day, has been prohibited by Sub-inspector U'Flaherty, who in terposed and warned the promoters not to take entries a few days ago. -ENGINE-DHIVERS' ANNIVERSARY.-The anniver sary of the Bendigo Branch of the Amalgamated Engine-drivers' Association will be celebrated at the Masonic Hall this evening, by a tea md concert. The tea takes place at (i 30. and the concert at eight p.m. A dance will be held after the concert. For the concert an excellent pro gramme has been arranged. BLUE GCJISTEAMKOKDIPHTHEKIA.-The current number of the "Australian Medical Journal" contains an interesting paper on the treatment of diphtheria by the inhalation of blue gum steam, Dr. Gibbe3, of New Zealand, who may be said to ba the author of this particular method, con tributed his experience to the discussion before the Medical Society, in which several leading physicians in Melbourne took part, including Dr. Snowball, who can speak with authority oil the subject of infantile diseases. His trial of the remedy so far has not given the results which Dr Gibbes claims for it (says the ".Age ") but the P.yblicwill learn with satisfaction that it is to be suomiltea to a nyatomatiu MSL U0M^^=1,ltu3 before it is either condemned or approved. THE MINISTER OK LANDS ON THE SITUATION. -Ihe Aryus states that Mr. Dow denounced at a banquet given at Cobram on Monday in celebra tion of the opening of the railway to that district, the stonewalling which had been resorted to as the work of unprincipled members, who desired only to secure their personal ends. He also ex plained that up to last week the Government would not have felt justified in taking ateps to alter the form* of the House to checkmate the obstructionists, bub that their determination to unduly waste the time of the couutry was now so apparent and undisguised, that resolute action had been resolved upon. i ,PriAYING atG'iost--A good deal of trepidation has bee.n caused at Brompton Park, Adelaide during the past week (says the "Herald,") owing to a rumor gaming currency that a ghost had been seen perambulating about Main-street and an old brickyard. On one occasion it gave chase to two children. The residents are prepared to give the nocturnal visitor a warm reception should he n-.ake another appearance. thP'BiM HITE K?CK S.ILVER MINES.-Mr Howell, the well-known American mining expert has in! spected the White Rock Proprietary silver mine respecting the value of which various conflicting opinions nave been formed. Ho gives it as his opinion, strengthened by numerous tests of the assays he has made of carefully selected samples of different ores from the mine, that fully 60 ner cent of the mass of the lode will not show, under treatment in bulk, over 24 ozs silver to the ton »1th barely a trace of gold. ? He 'thinks that on the treatment of the ore depends the success or failure of the enterprise. He describes the ore as low grade and refractory, requiring skilful treat ment and economical management. He thinks it will be cheaper to submit to loss by concentrating than to attempt close working of the mine. He recommends the erection of a 50 stamp mill, with 1-0 Vunners_ for concentration, and a 10-stam» Duay crushing mill for rich vein stuff and best lode material; Mr Howell thinks that by the treatment recommended a good profit would be made out of the working of the mine. It is under stood the Ago,") that the directors intend to adopt Mr Howell s recommendations in regard to machinery, and lie will be appointed to superin tend the erection of it. DISCOVERY OKA CAVE IN THE BUOKE.V HILL MINE.-A. curious cave has been discovered in the Broken-hill Proprietary Company's mine (says the . lr5fhe south drive at the Hi; feet level in M Cullochs shaft. It was broken into when extending the south drive. As it has only iu«t been discovered, nothing ranch "is known about it but it appear? to be 40 feet long, 2.". feet high, and f I i e' 'ind thore 18 a =ood de;i1 of carbonate of lead crystals on the sides and walls. There appears to be c. considerable quantity of water at the south, towards which direction the cave slopes % ef T'e-''f'e ^ackof the drive a little u a>. Some foul air is still existing in the cave DROWNED IN THE MURRAY.-TII? body of Got lieb L'liige, who was drowned on 16th iust., while watering his horse in the Murray River, neir vehicle entered the river. The body was much decomposed, being iust visible above the water when discovered An inquest was held on Mon ,71 L'fiay? > When a so» deceased identified the body, and a verdict of death by accidental drowning was returned. THE LATE MR KONG MENG.-Mr. Konr Meng, who died at Malvern on Monday, was m commercial circles highly esteemed by a large number of acquaintances, not 1(S3 foi j*. "TS® than for his shrewdness and Business capacity . "i lmvate .llfa ]'ls ""ostentatious clian ty was warmly appreciated. During the many veaTs he was a citizen of Melbourne, the deceased eirnerf and retained the respect and esteem, not only of Europeans, but of his fellow coun try men who .regarded him as a not unworthy type' of'those dlS GeJSC^ ASffaft! ready to assist m any good movement charitable or otherwise, which was started her " and hL lo s who has .been connected with the Sandhurst nost' totl?e G PO-MT' a"d Jla-S bee" looted ro ti e U.i u., Melbourne, Was met and presented hy the employes of the above, as a small token of then esteeni, with a handsome gold locket, bearing by Mr C Sf""' Tfh°^ntotion-was 31 pl.4enat"ulip«tthSav^S otw- W*tie C1"b takes Mech-inicg." Institute" ELlchawk'' °-V0U:ns .tLe The meeting of the pointed'to take place to-Wrow nMnPeiar0 ?0010t>" aI> p^ned until Friday, the 2nd pro*.' post" housoholdfurui'tnr^of'jtr'l'1 wS,<NnCi° ^ modern Andrew and Co' will R»H 8srs< Jato*e8 ^4^ -^«U,onnfrIe,^.:0Se^? 