OUR LONDON LETTER. [Fkom our own Coerespokdext.) (Per R.M S. Rosetta.) London, March 2. The new Procedure Rules were very much what was expected. The earlier sittings and the compulsory closure at lialf-past 12 are generally approved, and the altered habits of the House necessitate the abulition—or rather, the modification—of the dinuer hour, which used to be from 8 to 10, and is now only from 8 to 9. The provision for disorderly conduct will, however, certainly arouse vehement opposition. Tlie Speaker is not the man to whom to entrust the power to order members whose conduct he deems disorderly to withdraw immediately from the House for the remainder of the sitting. The exercise of the new power, if it is giveu, will most decidedly call forth violent scenes, and it would be well if the Government consents to withdraw it. Mr. Goscheu would be more than human if he had not felt some special interest in the announcement of the death of Sir Robert Carden. The Exchequer, has, since Mr. Goschen became its steward, had various windfalls in the way of death duty. The Senior Alderman of the City of London was reputed to be one of its wealthiest members. Death duty upon at least a million sterling personalty seemed a moderate computation, and Mr. Goschen, with Budget Day close at hand, may possibly have counted his chickens. The City has been shocked, wounded in its tenderest feelings, to find that one of its chief pillars has been removed, and at its foundation there has been found only a paltry £100,000. But this appearance of what is really Alderman poverty is wholly illusory. Before he died Sir Robert Carden made over the bulk of his vast property to his son and heir—Sir Frederick—thus delivering the estate from the burden of death duty. Through his long life Sir Robert was an active and prominent supporter of the Constitution. In his death he has struck the average, and the baffled State loses his expected contribution to its Exchequer. The procoed ing is not a new one; but it is h iped it will not spread among the Constitutional party, who, as a rule, have the fullest opportunity of swelling the death duties. The result of the polling in the Doncaster Division of Yorkshire was declared last Friday as follows:— Hon. J. W. Fits;william (Unionist- Liberal), 5,634; Mr. Spencer Balfonr (Gladstonian), 5,423; Unionist majority, 211\. The vacancy was created by the retirement of Mr. Shirley (Gladstonian). When the Hon. A. E. Gathorne Hardy opposed Mr. Shirley in 1885, the Conservative was defeated by a majority of 980, the figures being—Shirley, 5,683; Hardy, 4,700. In July, 1886, when the Hon. H. W. Fitzwilliam came out as a Liberal-Unionist against Mr. Shirley, the result was — Shirley, 5,060; Fitzwilliam, 4,722. The result of the present election is, therefore, the gain of a seat to the Unionists, who have changed an adverse vote of 208 into a majority of 211. The poll was a heavy one, 11,057 voters out of 13,252 on the register recording their votes. At Hampstead the Unionists are to enjoy a walk over. The Gladstonians advance th'e plea that they have not money enough to contest the constituency, bat that, iu the diction of the masses, is all " flam." If they had half a ghost of a chance of winning thw seat they would lack neither men nor money, bnt there are few politicians ,vho hunger after the destination of walking to certain defeat. Through the exertions of the Inhabited House Duty Repeal Association, upwards of one hundred petitions have "been presented to the House of Commons by fifty-ono members, praying that banks, warehouses, fire and life offices, institutions, and "professional and busiuess houses be permitted to appoint any person other than a menial as caretaker without incurring payment of the inhabited house duty, provided that the caretaker shall be accompanied by husband or wife, or their infant children. The petitioners also ask for other ladical.changes iu the mode of assessing this tax. Lord Henry Bruce has promised to move, a resolution on the subject as soon as the business of the House admits. Sir Charles Bernard has been appointed to the vacant Financial Secretaryship at the India-office. The Volunteer statistics for the past year have now been issued, and they may be said at once to show the best results on record. The entire number of men enrolled at the close of last year was 228,038, as compared with 226,752 "in the previous year, and of the former number 121.491 were efficients, while 1S7,269 were present at inspection, x,ll these totals showing an increase. Such figures are in every way eucoui'agiug to those wlio wish weii to the Volunteer force, «md what patriotic Englishman does not ? It. is now close upon 30 years since the movement was started, and when it was begun prophesies were frequent that, it would collapse as rapidly as it- grew. Time has ans vered those prognostications most effectively, and we now know that the force is stronger than ever. And it is not ouly those who are actually still iu the ranks upon whom England could depend at a time of enieigency, for there arc many thousands who have been in the force, and who for various reasons have retired, who would gladly return to their o'd corps if danger threatened. It has now been arranged that the so-called " Silver Fete" to be held in commemoration of the silver wedding of the Prince and Princess of Wales ehall begin on the 11th and end on i the 14th of July, at the Royal Horticultural Society's Gardens, South Kensington. The list of patronesses includes the Princess of Wales, the Duchess of Edinburgh, Princess Christian, Princess Louise (Marchioness of Lome), Princess Beatrice, the Duchess of Teck, eight other duchesses, six marchionesses, 'and -innumerable countesses, viscountesses, aud baronesses. At the fancy fair the Duchess of Westminster, the Marchioness'of Ely, the Coantess of Ajlesford, Lady R. Churchill, Viscountess Wolseley, Lady Charles Beresford, and others will have stalls. In connection with the dramatic entertainments Miss Mary Anderson, Miss Grace Hawthorne, Miss Marie Linden, Miss Lottie Venne, Mr. Wilson Barrett, Mr. David James, Mr. Augustus Harris, and others have promised their services. It is nothing new for that brilliant artist Madame Marie Roze to bear " blushing honours thick upon her." The interesting ceremony which takes place to-day at Liverpool seems to be however something out of the common. The Earl of Latbom is to present Madame Roze with a handsome testimonial, subscribed for her by her numerous admirers in Liverpool. In that city, as, indeed, everywhere else, the celebrated prima donua is an immense favourite. The presentation will be tinged, however, by a feeling of regret; for it. is in a sense a token of farewell, though it is hoped of a temporary character alone. Before long, Madame America, there to make fresh conquests. The tenant-farmers are by no means the ouly cl-iss dependent upon agriculture who have suffered from the depression; the landlords have felt ite effects quite as much. Iu Ireland, as. everyone knows, larger numbers of landowners, including delicately nurtured ladies, have been reduced to absolute beggary; but that is doubtless due more to the splf- seeking unscrupulous agitation of the paid demagogues of the National Lecgue than to depression. In England, happily, no such agencies have been- at work to increase the suffering of all classes— nevertheless, in all directions of pur own Eastern Counties I uould put my fiuger upon the names of landlords who have been cruelly hard hit. Rent rolls have been so reduced that ancestral homes have been let to successful men of commerce, while the lard of the soil has to economise abroad, and the young squire and young ladies have to be brought up away from the district in which they should shine as leaders of society aud dispensers of good things. Yet landlords have, in nearly all cases, shown themselves nobly willing to meet their tenants, and endeavour to afford them an opportunity of struggling through the bad times. Rents havo been reduced to an almost incredible state—only last week, iu a case in Suffolk it was mentioned that for a farm of 280 acres a landlord is now gettiug the magnificent net return of £16 per annum !—aud in many parts there are farms which cannot be let at all. Still those who have capital to fall back upon are showing that while the depression lasts they will do all they can for those who hire their land. At the half-yearly audit of the Duke of Butcleuch's Northamptonshire estate recentl/, it was announced that for some years to come his Grace intends to expend the whole of the income which he derives from that estate iu permanent improvements for the benefit of the tenants, who, as usual, received a remission of 10 per cent, on their rents. The estate contains 11,000 acres. To many, such generosity is impossible, but I believe it to be a fair indication of the spirit which animates our English landlords. The polling for Deptford was carried on on Wednesday, and resulted iu the return of Mr. Darling, the Conservative candidate, by 3,345 votes, against 4,070 polled for Mr. Wilfrid Blunt, Gladstonian. The following is the obituary of the week.:—Sir William Majoribanks, Bart., General H. A. White, Royal Engineers, Major-General Broughan. The deceased was for nearly a quarter of a century an officer in the Indian Army, and during that period was employed in. carrying out several great and dangerous enterprises; Captain Rupert Lonsdale, C.M.G., late 74th Highlanders, aud Dr. Chas. Croker King, Medical Commissioner of the Irish Local Government Board. 