COURSING. S.A. COURSING CLUB. THE WATERLOO CUP MEETING. F1B8T Day—Mat 22, ' [From our Specie! Reporter.] The Coursing'Clnb had lovely weather for the opening day of their Waterloo Cup Meeting, but the attendanoe was not above that of last year, when the rain came down in torrents daring the morning. The roads were in very good order, and the diive oat from Virginia was much pleasanter than usual; bat either the bares were not as plentiful as usual or they were wild, as thirty-ionr courses was hardly a big result for a long day. As a rule, too, the hares were not as strong aB usual, most of them being killed without giving the dogs the tremendous Snellen which were the order of the day st year. Mr. «f. L. Stirling, M.P., again acted as Judge, and among those on the held takingan active intereet in the sport were the Hon. R. C Baker, Messrs. W. B. Rounsevell, M.P., Fred Ayers, T, Barr Smith, and E. W. Howard. At luncheon Mr. Ronnsevell proposed the health of Mr. Leonard Browne, the owner of Bnckland Park, and thanked him heartily for the nse of the gronnd. The going was in splendid order, but there were no very exciting trials, and as a rale the favourites were highly successful The favourite for the Cup, Rustic, who had been brought from Mel bourne by Walter Melrose, was lacky in having an injured dog to meet, but he went well. Pernleaf was another that shaped very nioely, but as rale connoisseurs did not oare much about the form shown by Mozart and War wick, To-morrow the Plate will start pro ceedings, and it is expected that the finalB in all the stakes will be got off on Thursday. THE DERBY STAKES, Gamester beat Outcast. The latter was up first, but there was not much in the lead, and Gamester getting placed he quickly got in front and won cleverly. Mentor beat Tra falgar. The former led up. and working cleverly, took a good lead, which the other failed to counterbalance, though he came towards the end of the oourae. Tim beat Cranbrook. Tim led to the hare and did the early work, when the red got placed, bat running wide at his turns he foiled to make the moBt of his speed and was well beaten. Frederics got the best of the slip and soored two or three times before Master Pat snapped up the game. Instep beat Horsa. The former was Blow from slips, but quickly settling down he stretohedont in fine style and won hand somely. Chester heat Chubb. The latter had moBt paoe, bnt the hare turned to Chester, and when Chubb got in again he fell in a wire fence. Afterwards CheBter fell, but bis opponent failed to stay, and was easily beaten. Yanta beat Jerufolem. The latter led, and did the early work, but the hare was a beauty, andlivea lougenough to enable Yanta to make up his leeway and win com fortably. Hengist and Miner's Right were drawn lame. Radical and Tricolor ran a bye together, the former gaining the award. Too Soon beat Tyneside. The former was up first, and had all the best of a short unsatisfactory course, both getting foul of the wires. Tulpa beat Phantom U. This was another short trial, Talpa leading and taking a turn when the other got in for a wrench, and puss escaped in a hole. Smuggler ran a bye. THE OAKS STAKES. Butterfly beat Too Too. The former led up I some lengths, the other hanging in the slips, I and the course was very one-Bided, Too Too never getting on the game. Jubilee II. beat \um Yum; the pair ran a gruelling course oat of sight of the epectators. Picklock beat Hope Ever. Not much was seen of this trial, but Picklock led and won decisively. Truthful beat Vashti. The latter was slow from clips, and Truthful sticking to her game in rare style scored several smart points, and wound up with a kill. Maritana beat Ivy. The latter led, but running wide at ber turns was outrinked by Maritana, who kept very close to puss. Peach Blossom beat Figaro's daughter. After a no-go Peach Blossom took a bare lead to the bare, when Figaro's daughter placed herself, but the other was soon in again, and working well seoured the flag. Fawn Rosy beat Black Diamond. The former was flint to the hare, and did the early work, when the black took possession for a point or two, but killed too soon to oonnterbalance the eoore. Milliner beat Jenny. The former was muoh faster of the pair in ran up, and took several turns before Jenny got a chance, and the hare escaping, Milliner got the flag. Irish Queen beat Avoca. Queen led, and working very cleverly, always had Avoca in hand daring short conrse. Happy Medium beat 8eddlesoombe. This was very flukey, the latter hanging so long in the wires she lost ull chance. Reticence beat Blnebell. The former unsighted going up to the hare, and ber opponent did a Tot of work un assisted, When the pair got together Reticence had the best of it in the run. WATERLOO COP» Pastoral beat Paddy Kelly. The former was ranch faster to the hare, and scored freely without the other getting in, bat In the timber Paddy took his place, the other fading away, but the early work decided the trial in favonr of Pastoral.. Warwick ran a bye with The Outoast, and hardly pleased the onlookers. Mozart beat Fury. This was a very pretty course. Mozart was first up, and turned to Fury, who made the most other opportunities, but when they got into the timber she died away. Mozart won with something in hand. Occur de Lion beat Olivette. Olivette appeared to lead, but running very wide at all her turns she always appeared to have the worst of all the work seen. Miss May beat Moss Queen. Moss Queen led, and put in some pretty work when ahefell, and Miss May getting to thegame. she Btock to it like a leeoh and never allowed the other another ehanee. Femleaf beat Gayboy. There was very little in the lead, bnt alter the turn Fernleaf got behind the bare, and working puss beautifully, succeeded in keeping Gavboy ont in the odd until he had settled the matter with a clever kilh Rustic boat Logic. The latter got the best of the slip, and drew ont two lengths, bat in a long run np Rustic raced paBt him, and led three lengths to the hare; after the turn Rustic still kept in, bnt in the timber Logis was doing some good work, but just as he appeared to have a chanoe he snapped up the hare, and RuBtio gained the ver dict. Hope On beat Harrington II.' The former was very fast from slips, and soored quickly. Afterwards Harrington got in, but he was unable to work the bare, and the early work decided the trial in favour of Hope On. Moll Flanders beat Surprise, Moll Flanders had the best of a short scrambling course. Fanoy Fair beat VrilL Fanoy Fair led and did all the early work, the hare esoaping in a hollow before Vriil bad an opportunity of scoring. Viotor beat Para. This pair ran a long gruelling course all in favour of Victor. Second Day. The weather was beautiful again on Wednes day, said so far everything has been in favour of the meeting. Hares were more plentiful than on Tuesday, and at the end of the day there seemed a fur prospect of the pro gramme being finished on Thursday, The attendance was smaller Mian on' the opening day, but there should be a good muster on the holiday. There were some surprises during the day. the defeat of Rustio and Fernleaf in the Cup being facers for those who were laying oddBon. Fernleaf's trial was a very short one, out Rustio was fairly beaten, Mr. 1'earoe had the bad luck to lose Porcnpine, who staked herself so badly that it was deemed advisable to destroy her, Mr. Stirling gave every'satisfaction as Judge. DEBET. First Ties. — Mentor beat Gamester. Mentor led and did nearly all the work, GameBter getting very few opportunities to eoore. Tim beat Frederica. The dog waa up first when they dodged in and out of the timber for some pretty even work, the hare eventually disappearing in the oreek. Yunta beat Radioal. This was very one' sided, Yunta working his hare almost un assisted. Too Soon beat Tricolour. Tricolour led, and then dodged through the timber for another turn, but afterwards Too Soon settled down in front, and eventually gained the flag. Smuggler beat Talpa. There was not much to choose between the pair for pace, but Tnlpa was terribly wide at her turnB, and was easily beaten at the finish. Chester beat Instep. These two had a "no-go," and Instep ran some miles before being pioked up, and going in again Instep showed great superiority at first, but hiB previous efforts tola the tale, and he was unable to last to the finish, OAKS Butterfly beat J ubilee IL After a " no go" the pair were let go to a beautiful slip, and Jubilee just got up and turned to Butterfly, who tnrned once and then killed. Truthful beat Picklock. The latter led from Blips, and did the early work, but Truthful wore her down in a long trial, and gained the flag. Peach Blossom beat Maritana. The former led and turned to Maritana, who made a drive, and put the game back to Peach Blossom. Maritana raoed past again, running very wild. She fell twice, and Peach Blossom scored a luoky win. Irish Qaeen beat Happy Medium. Queen had all the best of a long working course. Reticent ran a bye. WATEBLOO PLATE. Faddy Kelly ran a bye. Fury beat Olivette. Fury led, and had matters all her own way. Moss Queen beat Gay Boy. This was another onesided trial, Gay Boy cutting up very badly. Harrington IL ran a bye. Surprise beat Vrill. The winner outworked VrUl in a long course, very little of which was seen. Para best Horpsiohord. The former took long lead, and getting through wires heavily kept oommand without being challenged. WATEBLOO CUP. First Ties.—Warwick beat Pascarel. War wick waa a little faster to the hare, and made two or three smart scores, when Pascarel got In and killed, short course ending in favour of Warwiok. Mozart beat Gceor de Hon. There was nothing; in the ran up, the hare doubling, back to the dogs; then they went through the wires and made towards plantation, Mozart working a little the closer of the two, and gaining the flag. May Queen beat Fern leaf from s long slip. May Qaeen led, and killing the hare aireotly allowed Fernleaf no obazios. Hope On heat Rustic. The favourite was np four lengths and turned ; the bare coming to him again he took two more tarns before Hope On could get placed, but once the bitch got there she stuck to it with greet cleverness, and Rustic firing away was beaten easily. Fancy Fair beat Moll Flanders. Tbe former led, bat bang in tbe wire. Moll Flanders could make no ase of this opportunity, however, as Fanoy Fair eoon dashed passed her and won easily. "Victor beat Sir Robert. There was nothing in the ran ap. Sir .Robert got the first tarn, bat stnmbled, and Victor getting placed tnade two tarns and killed. ladies' bracelet. Musket beat Commotion. The former led, and killed without giving the other a ohance. News Girl beat Fan and Folly another short coarse, the winner leading np and killing, fleet beat Fan of tbe Fair easily. News Boy led Young Pamphlet, and won a short ooarse in the timber. Faultfinder was np SO yardB in front of Lenora, who unsighted, but onoe tbe bitch got in she outworked the dog cleverly. Sheet Anchor led and killed, Violet never getting in. Fair Helene unsighted in going up: she beat Honours Easy easily. Molaoon led, and was winning, when Porcu pine ran into a stake and injured herself so badly that she had to be .destroyed. Holy Friar and Peeress ran their byes together. Minnehaha was much too fast for Luoy L, and beat her badly. Barney led, and always had a little the best of Lemon. Lottie and Stella had a regular gruelling, the first named always being in front, bnt she did very little work. PLATE. First Ties.—Fury led, and beat Paddy Kelly almost pointless. Moss Queen was up iust olear of Harrington, but afterwards the big dog appeared to do a lot of work. The bare took them away to the timber. When they came baok Mose Queen led. Harrington had stopped. Surprise beat Para. The latter was up nnt, and took two turns, then Sur prise joined in, and had the best of a give and-take course. : Third Day. Virginia, May 24. This was a grand day's coursing, and the largest attendance ever seen in the district, over 1,500 people being present The weather was splendid and the sport first olass, ' The following are the resultB DERBY. Second Ties. Mentor beat Tim." Yunta beat Cheater. Too Soon beat Smuggler. Third Ties. Mentor beat Yunta. Too Soon a bye.' Deciding Course. I Hubble1* Mentor, by Besterton—Catspaw, beat Fotheringham's Too Soon, by Albino— Fly, and won the stake. OAKS. Seoond Ties. Butterfly beat Truthful. Fawn Rosy beat Peach Blossom. Irish Queen beat Reticenoe. Third Ties. Fawn Rosy beat Butterfly. Irish Queen a bye.' ' Deciding Course, Wheaton's Fawn Ron1, bv Besterton— I'elrfcl Fasamah, beat W sites Iruh Queen, by Moss trooper—Queen, and won the Btake. - taThe winners of the Derby and Oaks ran for the Silver collar, and Wheaton's Rosy Fawn beat Hobble's Mentor. WATERLOO OOP. Seoond Ties. Mozart beat Warwiok. Hope On beat MisaMay. Fancy Fair beat Victor. Thirl Ties. Mozart beat Hope On. Fancy Fair a bye. Deoiding Course C, Mallen's Mozart, by Fault Finder Lady, beat ford's Fanoy. Fair, by Fair Boy— Fasamahj aind'won the Gap. WATEBLOO PLATE, Seoond TjeB, Moss Queen beat Fujy. . Surprise ran abya.. ,, ** aiding Cpu Deoiding Course. Cowan's Surprise, by Turpin—Blanche, beat Craker'a Moss Queen, by Mosstrooper —Queen, and wou the Plate. BBAGKLB? STAKES. Second ties. Newsrirl beat Sheet Anchor. Newsboy beat Fair Helen. Lottie beat Peeress. Minnehaha a bye. Third Ties. Newsgirlbeat Lottie. Minnehaha beat Newsboy. Deoiding Course. Miss Johnston's Newsboy, by Besterton— Mail News, beat MIbs M. Hope'B Minne baha, by Besterton—Boyden Seoond, and won the stakes. A very successful meeting oonoluded with hearty cheers for the Judge. The Bunking. The Bracelet Stakes.—Seoond Ties Musket and News Girl had a no go, and the former getting hung in a wire was so much in jured that he conld not go into elipe again. Newsboy led and did a lot of work before Fleet came in and killed.1 Mnldoon was quickest from slips, bat Fair Helene was first up, and did everything until they went out of sight in the wattleB. Barney led and took two turns, when Peeress placed herself, and atioking to the game she quiokly equalized matters, while Barney lost ground throngh hanging in a wire. THE DEBBY. Second Ties.—Mentor led and took tarns, after which got in and snapped np the bare. Chester bad all the best of Ynnta in a short course, but as be went off the line in foiug up to the hare Ynnta soored the verdiot, 'oo Scon led without doing mnch, and took the hare all round the wattles and away to the plantation, Smuggler never being able to get up pace enough to score. OA.KB» Second Ties.—Butterfly led and did all the work, Truthful hardly scoring a point. Fawn Bosy and Peach Blossom had a short conrse in tne wattles, the former showing a deal of dash and swing oleverly. There was not mnoh between Irish Queen and Reticent in the ran np, and the former killing direotly she won. . ; THE ouy. Seoond Ties.—Warwick led np three lengths, and working ronnd very oleverly he kept his plaoe for a couple of tarns. Then Mozart was in for some pretty work, when Warwiok got placed again, and .was doing so well that his victory peemed; assured, Dtit Mozart once more , asserted! himself, and with the hare chopping ."about, he kept behind her in very; clever style, and after the game went .aoross the road, he. kept in possession to the end of tpe trial, Warwick tiring tp, nptpmg., Hope On led, and took a tarn or tWU. when MJm May came in, and there was some good, give-and-take work, but Miss .May knng off a good deal, and after they crossed the road Hope On did everything. Fan'oy Fair led Viator and did " " ~ got into a all the early work, when they got paddook, when the Jhdge could not see dis tinctly, and, although .those with, glasses thought Victor had won at the finish, the verdict was for Fanoy Fair. THE PLATE. Second Ties.—Mobs Queen led. and ran rings round Fury, turpriee ran a bye. THE DERBY. Third Ties.—Mentor and Yunta had a very fluky course, the hare continually getting into the vires, and Yonta, fenoing badly was easily beaten. Too Soon and Irish Queen ran a bye together, thB pair working very evenly. THE OAKS. Third Ties.—Fawn Rose dashed up, and knooking her hare about in fine style, aid all the early work, but Butterfly oame at the finish, and had she not killed too quickly might have had a chance. THE CUP. Third Ties.—Mozart led and soored several times before Hope On got in and worked the hare into another paddock and behind a cot tage. Coming back Mozart gave her a go-by, but the bitch took possession again. The hare then made for the plantation,, when Mozart gave his kennel companion another fo-by and took the bare to cover. Fancy 'air ran a bye with Minnehaha, who never allowed the fawn a chance in a long graelling course. THE BRACELET. Third Ties.—News Girl led, and beat Sheet Anchor almost pointless. Newsboy was much too smart for Fair Helene at thehegin ing of the trial, hut they had a grueller, and at the finish Fair Helene was scoring well. Little went out of her course going up, but when tbe hare was. once reached she over worked Peeress and won easily. THE DSBBY. Deciding Coarse—Mentor led up, and made several wrenches, when the hare went through a fence, and got away, Mentor leading out of sight and winning. THE OAKS. Deciding Course—Fawn Rosy led, and did everything, Irish Queen never doing anything in a short coarse. THE PLATE. Deciding Course—Surprise led, and took two turns, when ,they went through a wire,and the Queen-hung. , The pair got together again, but .Surprise held her own and won oleyerly. . .. J the bracelet. Third Ties.—Newsgirl led and kept posses sion until approaching the bushes, when Lottie made a point or two, but when the hare got to oover Newsgirl had won easily. Minnehaha led and always had something in band during a short' oourse, the blue killing. . , THE CUP. Fiqal Course.—This was 0 .very hollow affair, Fancy Fair being very muoh off when pat into slips. The .pair were let go on the flat, ahd Mozart raofng. away never allowed his opponent a ghost er a chance. THE OQL^AB. Mentor and Fawn 'Boaejmet for a silver oollar presented by Mr.' W. B. Ronnsevell, M.P. Fawn Rose led up, and working with wonderful fire, she put in a good score Defore Mentor -could get, in. Directly the Derby winner was beginning to sopre the hare got into the bushes and Fawn Rose won. THE BRACELET. . . Deciding Course.—News Girl was np first, and did'the early wor^, when Minnehaha made three good wrenohs, and waa qulokly making up her ground when the Judge's home fell heavily, and Mr. Stirling could see ! nothing more of the work- r 