London Gossip. (from the " sydney maid's " corres- . fondent). , . ' London, July 12. The Fates luivo lately been down on tho folks who make comfortable "porks." It puzzles mo to know why ;tho fovor of inquiry should run so high just now. Tliat officialdom, and vostry- dom, and jockoydom, wero infected with tho itching-palm is no news to anybody. I What has suddenly caused tho fact to I ho dragged into the fight of day ? If I it is a sign of tho times, it is of courso a I a ' good ono ; biit thoro is something I bewildering in the suddenness and the I extent of tho onslaught. Charley AYood has not come off with flying colors, and tho verdict is a righteous ono lie is the I scapegoat for tho sins that seem in- I separable from tho -turf. If- we aro I going to try that ancient institution by I the methods ahd; principles that' are I supposed to he tho guide of honorable I meu, what turfite will 'scapo whipping ? I Then, again, tho doings ot tho Board of I Works officials must have been an open secret ever since that corporation has I existed. Why are we down on thorn now I rather than at any other period of their I existonco ? Immunity seems cortninly I to have made thoso gentlemen so reck- I less that tlieir victims turned at last ; I tho screw was turned too tightly. This I special inquiry scorns to liavo originated I from tho most harmless form of black mail — that of asking for theatre tickets. No wonder tho hoard did not seo why I this small matter should deprive an official of liis place ; it has certainly I proved a more flearbite amongst tho I othor items. Wo havo heard onough I already to justify a wholesalo sacking, I aud yet wo are told it is nothing to what I will be revealed when tho contracts are I gono into. A good many official gontlo- I men must ho having anything but a I good timo. Will English commercial morality over bo anything but an " I- buy-you-or-soll-you" affair? When wo r.oad of tlio doings of Board of Works' I officials, it does seem its if "morality lay aloof from tlio grand stream of human affairs." I see that Wood's- costs in the late action aro put down at £2,500. Tho Times and tho Star are tho papers I most dolightcd in whilo Mr. O'Donnoll's libel caso was proceeding. I road tho report of tho trial given in ox- tenso by the paper which is dofondant in tho action, and tho Star's livoly coin- monts on >'Kb case. At first ovorybody connected with tho trial sebniod to to ho onjoyinn _l"7,noii thoroughly, and Mr :U'Donnoll -to bo getting n aploudid ad vertisement; "I wondor whether tho gallaut plaintiff is liko Mr. Murray's member for 1 Ballykillrowdy1,' ;and enjoys anything in' print about hiinsolf. j Tliat amusing person could read a report of his own spiooch' a hundred times.: < Hojnqvor' seomed to; know it well >'Gnough jto bo tired of it. Whou anybody mqdo a printed commont on liim, ho eoulcl.loolc at it as if" it hod boon 'liis own faco iii I tho glass, . Boiug in. print atall,iunder I any conditions, . was such a delight to I him that it ovorpoworod othor Sonsii- Jtioil8." -.y'' ' j i I Mr. O'Donnoll's motives for bringing. I this action can only b0,.guGBsod at. On'. I tho face of it ono would think , tho' I young Irishman was a hitter ondmy of riio uoqguo, wno wisnea ro givo' rno Tithes an oxcollont' opportunity of ad vertising its pairtphlot. cillled !' Tar- j nqlllsnlilild Ciriirlo." Ariyway; \Vhqtdvor liis niotivc, lio coiiid. riot liiivo conaiictdd his qdse .bettor fdr; tlio Tivlesi or worso fori the' Parriellilios; :. i ./ Oiiq ovoning last vjiedk foiiiid nie at q nioetiiig of tlio English Goetho Sqcicfcy. It was.'hold at tlio Westinmstor Town I HAH; I did not go as a Gootho ontluir I siast, hut to seo what Gootho onthusiasts I qrq liko. Thoy. wero mostly women, and I each woman looked like an individual, i.e., a human being with opinions' and ways of her own, Somo of tho Sways,' especially in' tho fashion of . wearing ,tho hair, might havo boon more convontioiial with advantage ; but on tho whole they looked liko pooplo worth knowing, whose society would bo interesting. Tlio pro ceedings wore not particularly lively to any but Gootho outhusiasts. Professor JJUWUUU UUIIVUIUU UlL lUUHUOt Ull I'liu change wrought in Goethe by his journey toi Italy. I daresay I should have enjoyed reading it, hut the Pro fessor's voice was sloop-compolfing, and all my attention was takon up in, keep ing niyself awake and nudging my com panion whon ho showed a tendency to snore. On tlio whole, the entertainment was well calculated to please tho couplo who like that sort of thing. I I could not let the present ;opora season como to an duel without securing a soat/Ior ono of tho representations of " Fufyit." Last yoar I might havo gono ofton onough; for rival managors ar ranged so biully that tlicy wero glad to I givo half thoir scats away. This yoar I opera has only ono homo, and is so well I managod that thoro is no " papor" about 4VU ibJ.il X bliuiuiviiu |7aiu 1UI I1IJ OUtlV with pleasure, aud hoard Albaui and Scalclii, and the two do Rcszkos, and lived through poor Marguerite's trial again during a delightful evening. It is not a common expcricnco to hoar Gounod's music so perfectly rendored by all its expononts that not a single discord disturbed tho pleasure. Last season I hoard it too, and the Faust was a dreadful creature, who., only . came I down on tho right note by acoidont. Tho largo Qovont Gardon Theatre was crammed in overy part; yot it looked sombre, nearly every lady being in mourning for tho Emperor Frederick. I The tenor, M. Jean do Roszkc, has I the groat merit of singing in tiirio and I tune, but .his voico is nothing to rave I about, and his salary of £250 a week is I due to the scarcity of tenors. His I brother, who sang the beautiful music I allotted to Mephistopholos, is a really I great basso and a splendid actor, l io I nod tho only oncoro of tho ovoning. I Tho opcira was not over till a quarter I before midnight. Somo wags in tlio I gallery during the last wait, bogaii sing- ling, ""Wo won't go home till moru- I ing." — a remainder to tho administm- I tion that some of us had last trains to I catch. I There is a good article in the July I number of Longman's Magazine on I " Dress and Economy." It gives infor- I mation from many people as to tho pro portion of income thoy spend on rlress. I Tho gentlemen, of courso, spond loss I than tlio. Indies, but somo of tho latter I have a " frugal mind" on tho subject.' I . Ono with a " small income" of £800 a- I year spends £30 on her dress. Two I di , Ugh tors - of a professional man, with I £2;000 a-yenr, are allowed £40 for' I dross. Tho averago of manly expendi- I ture (including M.P.'s, Civil servants, I barristers, and country squires) is £23 I a-yoar. In a speech at tho Mansion IIouso tlio other day Earl Granvillo summed up tlio difference botweon tho methods necessary for advocating the higher odu- I cation of women 20 years ago and I those employed now. Formerly an I advocate would liavo had to touch I lightfy upou tho fact that, . although I thore is a certain creed which denies I that a woman has a soul, . yet on tlio whole it was more likely that she had not only a soul, but also a mind; that I if she had a mind, it was probable that I it would' bo the hotter for being oduea- I ted. Ho might oven havo darkly I alluded to tho possibility of education I doing as much for the feminine as the I masculino intelligence ; hut, if . a jiuli- I cious man, ho would liavo followed the I advice of counsel to George Stephenson, I not to over-state his caso, and no moro I to admit that a woman could compote with a mall for a University degree than that a steam engine could go more than 15 miles an hour. Now, of courso, I nous avons change tout cela, and the capa bility of womou no longer uoods demon stration. Mr. AVomyss Roid lias not taken long ovor his " Lifo of Mr. Forstor." It is not quite two years sinco ho began, and to-day two good-sized volumes aro in all the book shops. Somoono lias lately said that tlio tlireo most interesting biographies in our language are (of courso, first) Boswell's " Johnson," Lockliart's " Scott," and Twiss's "Lifo r ji Eldon." Thoy aro intorostiug, bo- I lauso, as far As possiblo, tho writers allow tho subjects to spunk for tliom- solvos. AYotnyss Roid has followed this laudable example. Mr. Forstor's parents wore both preaching Quakors, and lio used often in after lifo to toll an anecdote of his childhood whou ho was travelling with his nurso in a conch. An old gcntlouian began to talk to liim, and said, "AVhoro is your papa, my dear?" "Papa is iireqching m Aniorioa," apsworod William . " And where is your .mamma?'"' continued tho gqntlom'au. Mqmma js .: preaching in f eland"— ran anqwer which was well calculated: to-. astonish tho stranger. Mr. Forstor's intercourse , vith tho Carlylcs . was quite' intimate, and thoro aro'iniiny rominisconSos of thorn in tho ?. Lifo." lio ,wqs;.onco responsible for getting husband , and wifo one Sunday broiling to a ' Derbyshire Methodist ..pliapel. : " It Avas a sod failure : a local preacher full ofll uont cant, or rathor, a pair of thorn -praying at ono another with all sorts of disgusting contortions." 'Gno can' fancy the Chelsea sago and his 'humorous" .wifo listening, and can hear liiin afterwards doiiounco tlio Paradise of such folks as a " heaven of lubber- 11 1 1 _ . 11..... .1 . £ TnWl>ki nrirl laiici, a raniuiHu ul wiw. greasy cakesf" ; Thoro is a ribh sbone At A Utixton Hotol and a table A'U6t6 of did iriaids and v jjarsons, with Carlylo ill fdU swing . oii . Ir'diitiid; " How tlidy did stare;" Wfijies Fdrst.ef ; iljl dtjidr sdoodb 'Wasliiisiled ; sdnid lookbtl' aghast; d|Ken| adiniriiig. 0f cdiirso tlicy; noiio df thoni had. ever heard or seed aiiy approach tpsuch a monster." ? ,Of courso. ;Mr. , Forstor's groat work was tlio passing t>£ tho. Education Act in 1870: I romembpr that as if it was yesterday, thinking in my youthful enthusiasm- that tho boginmng ot tno millennium had Arrived." Eighteen years experience of school boards has con vinced ine that the millbnhium'is'as far off as over. , Tlio Arnold memorial committee will liavo to ddvote a largo pAi-t of' any fund thoy may raise to making provision for tho poot's wife and unmarried daughters , so tho talkcd-of ' " Arqold . Prize for English- Literature" will havo to bo abandoned. One f dels tempted to ask why tlio .censor of tho English ;middlo- classos did not givo his daughters tho means of being independent of charity. If ho could not provido for their main tenance, lie could at, least have hod them taught to got tlioir own living. The necessity of providing a trade or occu pation "for daughters is riot clearly onough recognised by fathers — yet daughters must cat and ho lodged and clothed withal. The cruelty to girls of tho usual happy-go-lucky way of bring ing them up has .received another illus tration from tho case of tho Misses Arnold. If-wo looked at those things dispassionately, and without respect of persons, we should sco that it is as do- .tinrlinrv 4-stm litrTma 4rv nnOAnf. Atl IIIBATIIQ LllUlUg LUL lltllllnl VW (l<V>UV|/V Mil from charity as for any other class of the community. " Lot us clear our minds of cant." Mr. Browning's roply to tho Ameri can editor who offered him £250 for a short poem has boon printed iu the Liverpool Post. Ho says he cannot write for periodicals. " If I publish a book, and peoplo choose to buy it, that proves they want to road my work. lint to have them turn over the pages of a magazine and find mq — that is to he an uninvited giiest.' -.My!wife liked it. She liked to bo with the others; but I have, stedfastly refused that kind of thing from first to last." Once, how ever, Browning did publish a poem in Cornhill ; it was " Hervc Riel," and the cheque ho rccoivcd for it went to the Paris Relief Fund after thosiogo. Ono editor sent him a blank chcquo to fill in to his own srttisfaction, but ho returned it. George Eliot says tlio host literary work is produced for money, and, no doubt, Browning's brings him in a lot, though it was many years bofore it did. Ho, fortunately, -was always indepen dent in money matters. Tho building erected by the French Government .for tho recoption of tho collection of M. Griinot is to be called tho Museum of Religions, and is a de cided" novelty amongst museums. It contains tho images of all tho divinities worshipped, by people in every part of the globe. M. Grimet has bought thorn from tho priests of .theso divinities. He has also collected sacred writings, commentaries, and a_ modern collection of books bearing on them. This museum would have' helped Mr. Casaii- bon to fill another note-book for his "Key to all tlio Mythologies," And his mind, which lie described as ".something like tho ghost of an ancient, wandering about tho world and trying mentally to con struct it as it used to he," would havo found a congenial atmosphere .there. 