TO THS KDITOB. Sir— The baneful effects upon society of the measure— simplifying divorce— at present be fore our Parliament can scarcely be doubted. But surely morality is sufficiently lax under existing social laws without legalising further lnfrmgment by loosening the restraining bonds of propriety and decency, and legislating in favor ofpopubr damorfor social novelties and fads. The conspicuous departures or modern eventsfrom thewell-beaten and long- established paths of rectitude (tried and proven), and the reckless and greedy manner in which we are now rushing after fancies new, and ghosts of pampered self-indulgence, would unquestion ably suggest a downward course, a retronvw sion, a falling away from the straight paths of right, and a most decided hankering after tha crooked by-lanes of the pleasures of life to tha exclusion of duty. Marriage is entirely a voluntary act on the part of the two parties concerned. There is no compulsion in tha matter. The bargain is distinctly made by and between the two participants, each taking the other 'for better or for worse,' and any ultimate differences between them must lie at the door of their own free actions in the matter —no one else is to blame. It is a bargain, and of course must be respected and established as such. Oar law very rightly only admits of ona cause for divorce — adultery ; but modern sentimentality would eventually abolish mar riage entirely, and substitute a vile state of depravity. In fact, if we look witn a calm un biassed mind upon the stream of passing events we must, in accordance with common sense and reason, see our descent from a higher level to a lower. TMs stream of innovations is ever hurrying ub on from bad to worse, and its strength and daatrac tiveneEs we are ever developing by our own faddish sentimental twaddle. We are rapidly drifting back into the ages of bar barism from which the adoption of the good old Scripture truths of Christianity bad rescued ? us, but by the abandoning of which we are again relapsing into our former barbaruta— wallowing in the mire of oar own folly. Tim down grade of discontent and rebellion against p^nating lawful restraint is praducuig - serious disasters in class diaruritions, of sbiksB amongst employe's against their employers. qlcV riots and such like, yfifi SftfTiftliflt7fl^lf*n-*wtft[- --- rapidly dragging us all down the ruinoBB.: vortex of anarchy— where law ceases to exsc4-v cise its action for good. The Pope evident!* .: sees this upheaval of the rapidly-rising Iewgp-V '. ling power of Socialism, whoieaimitistopyec; ^ throw all restraining authority, law and order, ? and hence his reason for making; the stand he at present has taken against it in Ireland. Anarchy is developing all through Europe into a mighty power for evil, and must be mat by all law-abiding and order- loving Powers ; fox . once allow it to assert its sway and Bosun Catholicism, Protestantism, and all princi palities and powers will cease to exist. It may be asked what has all this to do with simplifying divorce ? Simply this— that the spirit of aver Eicn to the restraint of existing matrimonial laws is a ripple of the same wave of anarchy that is threatening to overwhelm Christendom, and is an indication of the wide-spread feeling of rebellion against lawful restraint -a pre cursor of the rise and sway of the 'lawless one' — » power that prophecy declares will assert his diabolicsJ tyranny in the latter days and cause world-wide terrorism and nun.— I am, &c;,, JANF3. 