MELBOURNE -NOTES. ■ (FBOH OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.') I Monday. The principal subject of diaouBsion as we expected during last week was the Electoral Bill, but though; most of the members of the Assembly held forth on the question, the discussion was not brought to a close with the adjournment on Thursday night. The reception which the bill met with was anything but friendly, hardly a single member saying a word for it; those who expressed their intention of supporting the second reading, telling tho Government pretty plainly that if all does not go in committee as they like they will vote against the third reading. Mr. Bene has entered into a compact with tho head of the Government that a division Bhall be taken on Tuesday, but it is not tho first time that the rank and file of the Opposition have refused to carry out the promises of the Chief Secretary. So that it is not at all certain when the vote will be taken. Some very suggestive speeches were mado in the course of the ■ debate. While the city members generally complained of the peculiar rules which had been followed in the alteration of the boundaries, the members representing country constituencies were very eloquent about the extensive correspondence wliich they had to carry on in carrying out views of their constituencies. This state of thingB seems to BUggest that much of the business is private rather than public. The. Eidiibition has been, well attended during the week, the fine weather considerably helping in the result. People from the country are now flocking in in large numbers, and with those who are already coming here for the races the city keeps pretty full. The concerts at the great show are growing in popularity; and it is consequently not always certain that persons who bo desire will be able to be present on any given evening. We are to have quite an incursion ot Ballarat juveniles this week and next. On the 11th a special train is to bring down two thousand, on tho 24th another train which liaB been specially chartered lyjll bring down a similar number, while another-large consignment will be brought here on the 26th. We reached the highest pitch of excitement ; on Saturday last in reference to the land Bale i mania.. There were nearly seventy sales, and for these the Railway Commissioners found it necessary to provide trains for fifty. Some of those who concoct the advertisei ments for these sales are more energetic than judicious. The last idea is to produce portraits of a number of statesmen who would have liked to be there, and in tho middle of the group is given that of tho late Earl Beaconsfield. They might just as well have included the ghost of Hamlet. An accident which bIiows what escapes some people have while under the influence of liquor occurred at Toorak on Friday night. Two gentlemen, who., wore going from Government House to the residence of the Hon. F. Ormond, hired a hansom cab to make tho journey. The cabman was under the,influence of liquor, and aB he was not going ri"httliL'j'dismissed him, fortunately for themBeives. He turned down towards the river, and getting off the track, horse, cab, and driver went down a precipice over 80 feet high. Nothing was heard of tho turnout till the following morning, when tho Jehu was found on a ledge by the river, the horse having in a miraculous mannor got over on to the opposite bank after leaving hair on various stumps in his descent of the cliff. Tho liansom was completely smashed, tho remains of it being found this morning further down tho stream. Tho University Boat Race which took place on the Lower Yarra on Saturday last, though not attended as we may expect to see them attonded when the events which are to be annual become more known, drew a fair number of persons to the river, who went down in tho steainor Albatross. For the first time crews representing Melbourne, Adelaide, and Sydney took part in a trial of strength. Melbourne proved too good for their oppononts, Adelaide only getting within five boat lengths of them, and tho Sydney men being much further away. No. 7 in the Sydnoy crew broke an oar blade, which may in some measure account for their nnsi tion. The Melbourne Hunt Club meeting which begins a Beries of important race meetings took place at Flemmington on Saturday. The weather was favorably and the attendance was good. In the selling race which was the first on ,the programme only two candidates faced the starter, Clarendon and i St Albert, tlie former winning by a length i and a half. For tho hurdes 10 started Leporrello boing firs'', Woodbine second, and | Marouey third. Fearless won tho Hunt Cup beating Naming, Dollar, and sovon others. I For tho flat race Fishwife, Tourbillon and .Blue Bell came in that order, while in tho steeplechase tho placos woro filled by Irishman, Curiosity and Beadsman II. In this event Royal Oak broke his neck. Tho Cirinthian Flat race was won by whisperer from Blue Boll and Oxford. The calendar of the Criminal Sessions for this month has a very dark look from a colonial point of view. Twenty six prisoners woro arraigned all being natives of Australia and fourteen belonging to Victoria. Tho bulk of tho charges were assault and robbory and in tho cases of two of them sentences f r robbery with violence woro awarded of seven years with fifteen litalioa each. 