SIFTINGS. TnE funeral of the old soldier, Captain St. Aubyn, was not without its lessons. With truth it may be said that the little cortogo which moved over the hill to the cometery in the quiet of a Sabbath evening was a soathing coip montary on the justiro which is meted out in this world. There was no ceremony, no pomp, no military honoura. Here was an old veteran, who had served his country faithfully for many years, who hsd braved death from diseaso and from tlhobullot in the Glimes, who had exposed himself to the rigours of a Now Zealand cam paign, and who was in every sense of the word a soldier. Yet his, remains weoro takeou to the grave without the olighteot honour being no corded themn beyond the placing on his coffin of his regimentals. How different would the case have been if tlhe old captain had boeen a member of our volunteer corpo. Then no matter whether ho had over stood under fire from a -Soudaneso Arab or not, he would have been interred with all the " pride, pomp, and circumstance" used on suoch occasions. His comradcs in arms would have marched to the cemotory with arms re versed, and over his remains would have di.s charged the farewell sheot. MIost probably, too, the serviceso of ai band would have been obtained to march at the head of the procession and play the dead march. The defunct drapers' assistant who had regularly drawn his 5s a parade mand who had never smelt a battle even from afar would have lhad all this; the soldier who had spent half his years in arms had nothi ing. Of course, it will be said that the rogula tione forbade it, theat nobody was to blame, and so forth. Let tmhoec who choose hold that opinion. Neverthleloes, next time one of the paid volun teer is interred comparisous will suggest them selves between the lowly funeral of the vcteran and the pugeant of the feaoutherbed campaigner. If the deceased ucaptain had imitated Burns and made it his dying request not to lot " that awkward cquad fire over my grave" he could not have been meore complotoly passed over. At the instigation of Mr. Harold M. Davis, the member for Queanbeyan wrote the Aborigines' Board and interviewed its members, asking that a brass plate should be presented to Queen Nellie, the last of the Queanbeyan tribe of blacks. The request has been granted. Queanbeyan Age. INTRODUCTION. O'Sullivan stood on his chamber floor; His brow was heavy, his heart was sore As he searched in vain for some noble deed That Queanbeyan might be proud to read. His wrinkles deepened, his soul was sad, He felt all over tremendously bad; The quest was earnest, but 'twas all in vain Though he racked his memory again and again. SOLILOQUY. "I've worked like a nigger for bridges and roads, For punts and lock-ups and fettlers' abodes; There's not a department I've not made a haunt, For nothing on earth could O'Sullivan daunt. A national party is quite in my line, At labour conventions I manage to shine; I revel in local requirements and needs, And no member but Colls so often succeeds. I've filled many a column and many a page Of that excellent paper, the Queanbeyan Age, Which sticks to me closer than parent to son And religiously fathers whatever I've done, But now here I am, with nothing to do- I'm worse than Dibbs, who's a paper to sue. Let's see I'll hie me away to the post. Perhap's there's a letter will banish this ghost. 'Eureka,' I cry ' I'm in it once more- Here's Harold M. Davis has come to the fore; He's sent a suggestion will make me a name And furnish the Ago with a par. in my fame. Queen Nellie, I find, is in want of a plate- I'll get it, be sure, and I'll not hesitate; Everything's fish that comes to my net- She's wanting a bauble, I'II get it, you bet.' " (A break-own may be introduced here with good effect.) GRAND FINALE. O'Sullivan then sat him down to his work (No duty like this would he ever shirk), He scribbled in haste for the much-desired plate And asked that the matter would not be let wait. Now give us three cheers for this generous man, The king of all statesmen, the O'Sulli-van, In Fame's bright temple a niche will he win, This statesman who got the brass plate for the gin. Tho Sydney Morning Herald seems to have laid itself out to crealo an unreasoning panie over tbohe miners' disputo. All through it has been trying by inuendoes and half hints to force the Government into arms against the men. It has suggested fores as a remedy again and again, and in all its intorminablo comments on the struggle it has revealed its profound animus. All the fault has been placed upon the men; the masters have been completely exonerated. Wages sheets, wthich journals on the 'pot and qualifieod presumably to give a truer version do claro to be altogetlher falao and misleading, have been granted prominent positions; but although urged to publish side by side with these pay. heooets the dividends paid by the companies involved, it has nmaintained a suspioious cilenos. To do that, a matter which under the oircum etaneos is only -fair, iunce the plaint of the masters is tlhat they cannot afford to acoedo to the requests of the workers, would put quite a different face on the whole matter. But the Herald is heart and soul a capitalistic organ. It is for ever bemoaning the strength of trades unionism, for over declaring, not openly but in mean insinuations, that wages must be brought down. Its attitude over the strike is perfectly consistent with its general procedure. It is the attitude of the London Times against Ireland. Its own special reporter at the scene of acnotion is stated to have indireootly urged upon the police to shoot the men, by saying that were such disturbances to take place in Melbourno leaden arguments instead of verbal remonstrances would be employed. The bittorness and animus are too obvious to be overloolked, and all its expositions on public economy, all its criticisms on phasesof the labour question, are gloomily tinged by them. Yet the strong organ has the impudence to call itself "liberal!" Such liberalism and such tolerance would be classeed with high-bred, stiif neekcd Toryism in England, and the Government will find out its fatal mistako if it shapes its action according to the very interested advice of the Sydney M1orning Herald. 