T A?hee dvei . PflBLISHED EVERY TUESnDAY, THUnlenAY AnD BATURDAY MORNING. Bairnadale. Thursdaoy, October 25. 18t8. AppAIENTILY the path has booeen cleared for the Assembly to dispose of the remainder of tihe business of the session, and consequently to facilitate prorogation prior to thie eventual dissolution At a conference between representatives of the Ministry and Opposition, it was arranged that the Premier should forego his intention of forcing an alteration of the sessional orders, in order to permit the Govern menot to take fresh business after 11 o'clock, and in consideration of that forbearance, the Opposition would desist from their stonewall tactics. It vas likewise further agreed that tie Gorvernment would meet the Opposi tion relative to certain amendments the latter desired in the Redistribu tion of Seats Bill, so that in all probability the measure will speedily he passed through the Assembly and transmitted to the Council. Notwitll standing all that has been said locally ahbout endangering thle bill by object ing to bounlldaries, the very amauend aments proposed by the Opposition and accepted by the Ministry, not only alter boundaries, but so far Ilave departed from the principle of thle bill by introducing South Mslbourno as all electorate to return three members. If the electors of Bairnsdale and Tambo wore desirous of the change, there would yol be time to agitate for tile two electorates to be amalgamated to return two members, and more particularly would this be thle case if the movement of Thile Heart anti Clydobank residents, to be severed from Bairnedale and joined to Central Glippaland, proved successful. At all events we are pleased to learn that the Opposition will abandon their stonewall tactics, for alteration or no alteration, so far as the proposed Gippsland electorates are concerned, we shall certauinly hIlail withl satialse tion the passage of any measure which vill give the new province two addi tional members. The bill to extond thie franchise to tile police was read a first time inl tlhe Legislative Council onl Tuesday even ing. Licensing courts will be held at Omeo on Iondlay, 3rd December, and at Bairnesdalo on Thursday, Oth December. A township, to be known as Ber ringeama, has been gazotted in the parilsh of Derringgnma, county of Benambra, and its proelamation was gazotted on Friday. At the grain show at the Exhllbition Mr. David Potter was successful in gaining two awards. lHosecured third pries for maine and second for potatoes. WVo congrptulato him on this record. The cattle advertised to be sold next Saturday by MssrnoBr. DeaOilley and1 Co., on behalf of 1li, J. It. Ralwsou, have been withldrawn from esale, as Mr Rawson will not be down by that date. At the Bfirnsdale police court on 'T'uesdav, before Messrs M. Goold, J. i). Smith and J. Buntino, J's.P., All Weoo proceided against Ah Pow for assault. Theore weas also-a cross summons, Ah Pow against Ah Weo. Mr Commins appeared for AL Wee, and Mr Stuart for Ah Pow. The dispute arose over a child, and the evidence wenIt to show that Ah Pow was asseeaulted by Al Woee and Ilis wife, but that All Pow was thile aggressor. A fine of 20s was inflicted in each case. The followino will represent Bairns dale in the rifle match against Sale to lie fired at Sale to-morrow :-J. 11. Smith, J. Cochrane, C. Marriot, G. F[. Cole, J. Low, W Low, A. Nicholson, WV. Wilson and Dr Dun Can. After the Nell excursion to Winder mere, some gentlemen took the iliti atory steps to collect subscriptions towards a "Langford Testi soiial," and the movement was heartily re sponded to. Captain Underwoodl, one of tihe subscribers to the fund, who is ever on the gut vice for the inlterests of any local institution, when forward ing a- cheque for his subscription, and expressing regret at inability to be present when thile testimonial is pro seonted, requested the secretary of the movement to bear in mind the Bairns. dale District Itospital on the ocncasion, and to send the hat round for the institution. Possibly this gentle re: mindcr might be the medium of an appreciable amount being collected. A highly successful resiona ol the members and friends of the Bairnsdnle Amateur Dramatic andt Musical 0So. ciety was held on Tuesday evening lanst at Payne's Assembly Hall, to bid fare. well to Mr. nod Mrs. T. P. Johnston, wileo are leaving tite town to take up their abode in tile metropolis, and both of whbnnom have been connected with tile soieity since its formation the former as a committeeman and willing helper at all entertainments, and tthe latter as a performer, whose services, while always cheerfully given, have been of a highly appreciative and successful nature. Indtleed, no mem bers have been hold int higher esteem and respect than Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Johnston, and the kindly feelings felt towards themt were given expression to on Tuesday night in the most flatter ing terms, and in a form that reflected the highest credit on the amateurs, Mrs. Johnston being made the re cipient of a handsome gold bracelet, suitably inscribed. The popular presi. dent of the society, Mr. W. L. A. Elston, in making the presentation, made one of those happy, felicitous speeches at which he is sueh an adept, referring to the many valuable ser vices Mrs. Johnston had rendered the society and the public, and how even in the minds of the young people her name would be associated with tablenaux vivanta. He deeply regretted, and so did every member of the society, at having to bid Mr. and Mrs. Johnston farewell that evening, yet the regret he and others felt at their approaching departure was tempered by a pleasur able duty he had been deputed to per form on behalf of the society, whichl was to beg MIrs. Johnston's acceptance ofa small souvenirin recognition of tihe warm attachment and friendship which had existed between theminthepast,and which, he felt sure, would continue un. abated in the slightest degree, lhowever much they might be separated by dis tance from one another. Mlr. Johu-. ston, in replying, thanked the society for thle handsome presentation made Mrs. Johnston, and said that it was quite unexpected. Whlat little Mrs. Johnstoi had done on behalf of the society was, he suspected, from a love of such affairs, and they were both ex tremely gratified to learn that the members felt so kindly tovwards them, as had been evidenced that evening. An adjournment was then made to partake of some light refreshment, and afterwards dancing, which had been suspended for the nonce, was resumed and coutiuued until near midnight. Altogetherthe company wasan most oci able one, tile presidentand Mesars Cole, Tipping, Winkelman and Seehusen, who had charge of the arrangements, being capital hosts, and the amateurs and their friends, by songs and instru. mental music, proving good onter tainers. Mrs. D. Jones was the caterer, and gave every satisfaction and Mr. Payne very generously placed the hall at tile disposal of the society free of all cost, the members them selves bearing the other expenses. The November number of the Adure tranlian Skeloier is a most excellent and interesting publication, and one which will undoubtedly be largely circulated, as it will be invaluable to remit to home friends, as showing the contrast between Melbourne and other places 50 years ago anrd during the Contennial Eixhibition year. It would be impracticable to enumerate tIe mnany features portrayed in the ikctcler, but it is certainly the best number which has been issued for n long time. Mr E. M. Pearco is the local agent. The November part of the Ytoutn nLadies' JourTnal, that popular ldomestie mrigazino, is worthy of more than usual notice. To ladies whoi are arranging costumes for the summer we especially recommend it, as in the numerous fashion illustrationsua to be found in its pages and supplements they are certain to find somethling suited to their requirementa. Tile fancy work illustrations are pretty and varied; knitting, crochlet and em broidery are all representedl and fully described. The waste-paper basket in tile coloured sheet is very handsome The housekeeper will do well to con sult theLo columns devoted to cookery, as the reciles appear to be very pran tieablo and seansonble. The roennu fir a nice little dinner is really excellent, ne-aro thle more economnical recipes suited to persons withl onlly a limited income. Thiere are three continuous stories running through thoe :part, onet entitled "Two oTerds" is commenced, nod "Hopo-Royal" is concluded, and "A. Nine Day s Wife" sustains its interest, From tile answers to corren pondlenti, ilwnys a 'e pecial feature in thie journal, much neusefuil informnation tny be lderirrvedl. Music is rerresented two pianolbrto solos aid two songs, vary tunefuland bright. TIn ion clusion we recomtmend all Indies swho haveo not alreadly done so to purchast the November part of the Youn, Ladies' Journal, as they are certain te find it interesting as well as amusing. -Iessrs E. MI. Pearce, WV. II. Rayner and Mers WVinkelmann are the local agenots. On Sunday next Dr Cor'obett, Bishop of Sale, will bliss and dedicate teo-now ItRoman Catholic Church at Benog worden. Moae will be celebrated at 11 o'clock. The choir of St. Mary's Church, Bairnsdale, will assist at the service, and will sing fozart's 12tlh mass. MaIss will be celebrated a0 usual in Bairnedale at 8 o'clock in the morning next Sunday, but the 11 o'clock mass will hlave to be dispoensoed with in consequence of Father Vorlin having to visit Bongworden. An Adelaide telegram states that a godd deal of trelpedation has been caused at Brompton Park during the past week, owing to a rumor gaining currency that a ghost hlad been seen perambulating about Maino street and an old brickyard. It appears that 10 days ago a resident, lwhoso husband had not returned hlome, heard a noise about 9 p.m. just outside hler front gate, aud on opening the door of the house was surprised at seeing a figure apparently covered withl a sheeot stand ig on the footpath. She addressed the " Ghost," who took no heed of her remarkls until she appeared a second time on the scouoen with a gun, whlich resulted in her being loft mistress of the situation. Since tlhis occurrence tie same figure, drapedl inl whlite, has again aplpearedl two or thiree times. On one occasion it gave chase to two children. The residents are determined to give the nocturnal visitor a warm reception should he make another appearance. "Aulus" in the Australasian writes: -Has anyone over called thlis " tlo ready-made age ?"' If not, I should like to patent the expression. We are in such a lhurry nowadays, and look so much to effect, andl so little to intrinsic value-are so anxious about appearances, and care so little about a thing being what it seems-that we strive to get everything mnade up to our hand, instead of taking a little trouble ourselves. Would Brummol have condescended to have worn one of thlose white ties with the bows sewn on, whichl are so much used now, instead of impressing his own iudividu. ality on an artistic knot. He would as soon hlave thought of eating a pean and with his Iknife, too. VWould any true cigarette lover forego the delight of making his owne cigarette-of "put ting a pinch of the best tobacco on a tiny sheet of rice-paper, distributing it equally over it, and carefully and rapidly rolling it up, with a rythmic harmony, and rolling it continually, according to the particular genius of the smoker, so that it remains impres sionable, changeable, sensible, and lively, until it be consumed." But that would not suit these times. Eight or ton years ago we onlv saw cigarettes in the mouths of travelled friends, who had abode amongst the " Dons" or "~Monscere," and who rolled themn up loviogly, and smoked them as if they loved them. Now we have changed all that; we all smoke them, but we don't make them, but buy instead the ready-made " Egyptian," " Straigl?t cut," or " Old Judge." The American papers contain a slocking account of burning of an Indian girl by her tribe, who declared her a witch. It happened in Bernard io country on the Colarado river, the victim was a comely mlaided of 18, and she wao bound in nude condition to a stake, rountl whlich was heaped piles of combustibles. It was two hlours be. fore she died, and during that time she shrieked and yelled in agony, lwhilo the tribe danced round and kept tle flames fed with thle fuel. It had been several years since the tribe burned a witch, thlough several who lhad been condemned had escaped. We are developing (says thie S.li, Herald) something of the kind tlhat resembles in a measure the peculiarity of pranunciation that Englishmo n first observed with curiosity among tile descendants of the early Nvew England settlers, from which lwhat was known as the "Yankee twaug" nafterwards proceeded. Some of the instances given by the lecturers are characteristie of Australian . speech. There is certainly an observable tendelcy to say " taown " for " town " nmoelg young colonials, a.nnd " laikeio' for " like," as well as " dy " for "day." Boys at school have a difficulty in distinguishing clearly between the two vowel sounds when they come together at thle end of one word and the be. ginning of another following it, and very few young Australians would think of hesitating between the pro nunciation, for instance, of" colza oil " and " colzaroil." Public scltoolboys drop the conelulilng " g" at the end of certain words with an easy un serupulousness, and the miserable little barbarism tlhat consists in tIhe nose of " ain't" for "is not" or " are not," is quite a familiar atrocity amongst young Auscaliacs. Auy onn wlho cares to observe this kind of thing will be struck by the number of quite chlaraetriatic mannerisms and veola. tions of the qurity both of language and pronuncinatioc tlat secm to belong almost exclusively to thie youths of Australian cities, and will mark a dilference between our young peoplc's ordinary speechl and that of the now arrival as plain as that between the intonation of Boston and Oxford, or between tlhat of Americans from the Eastern and Western States. ThIe Railway Tender Board opened tenders for the construction of a short but heavy lice from Huaon TLaneo to 'allangatta, in the North.eansturn dis. trict. This line,' which is only 11l niles 60 chlains in length, will com plote the connection betweeoon Mol and Tallangatta, a little villago on tIhe Mitta Mitta river, 211 miles from Mel. bourne. Tie line is a very cheavy one, traversing as it does, the country on the south side of thle Mitta Mhitta, but hIeavy earthworks and nmcerous brides are involved. The deepest cuttccg is 48 feet, and the highest bank 20 foet, the total eartlhworks heing 3O0,000) feet. Tite elrperte cervo his radits of 20 chains, whlilst the ruling graditet it 1 in .10. There ari to be construected no less thane 21 ,ridges, the largest of wvlilhl is over the l itto Mitta 1iver. Tlis lieno starts at Ituto Laner, 1hI milc 21 chains from WVodogn, and runs east close to the Mitta nbitta. The river is skirted from the 16 mile post to 24 miles 36 chains, where thle river and flats are crossed by a lengthy bridlge of 233 openinge of 20 feet each, or over a Inilo in length. The line then ruos nccros numerous lagoons and esmall water.courses through tile town ship of Tallangattn to the terminus, at at 218 miles 10 chains from Mel. bourne. Theso'stations are provided for. There wore sentin eighttondor-, lowest of which was that of Mr. R. Thornton, for thebo sum of £77,081. The lieuo is to bhe finished by Ist Maarch, 1800. Another illustration of the scarcity of skilled workmen, on aceount of the Exhibition, is the fact that S. Feilchenfold and Co were informed by their Melbourno tailors of their inan bility to make up for them more than forty suits to measure betoween this and Christmas, therefore it isadvisable that those who like exact fitting clothceo finished in best style, and at a moderate price, should look at once at the large number of choic.patterns, and in order to avoid disappointment give their orders for suits to S. Feilclhnfeld and Co.-- Avmr.] If you want to meet your friends, and at the same time purchase all you want to eat, drink, or wear, of the best quality and lowest prices, Swan's Corner is the place to do all these things, the Commercial Stores being now the most rommodlious, elegant, and convenioent establishment in the district.--[ADvT. 'Pihl furnit ure, preolsely thle same as that beicn.- exhibitel in tile Otelboorne Ceontcn sial Exhibtlion, is now on sale at Mr G. Ii. Ce!e's, Main street, fnrnlsdlr. It can he ste in thie window, where also is displayed the latest of Oriental crtains, nsw tapes tries, new carpet., and furnishings suitable tor cottage or mnuslon.--rAnT.J We wish to draw the attention of the ladies to the facet that 0. Feilehenfhl andl Co have just received the first shipment of choiecedress materials, suitahle for ha spring and summer. These aree tie linest elas of goods crer shown in the district, and sico S. F. & Uo keep i large sltaff of dress. mnakers eorkinlg ol the iredises, ladies ean depenl oen havlng thesr dresses made within one week of giving their orders-Asr. eprine, beautiful siiring, is budding. The egolen wattles frinegins t t bhanks c the aitecell are one moen in bloom, eande the wlole faee of nature is radiant. tiurra for spring I Queen of the seasons, who does not welcome tbie l To numbers spring brings more real joy than Christmas, for it is tile time when winter stocks must be eleared at asaecrifce at C. HI. Esnis and Co.'s, the well known feehioanble tailors of clain street, to make room for new goods.-ADTo. ' Did you see the lovely trimmed hatl in that windoie, mama?" "No dear. What wnindow 1" "Why, Mlr Scott's window; .That business does not belong to Mr Scott, it belongs to Pitts and Timowell." " There you make a mistoke, mas. Mr Scott hms just bought it, and did hear very cheap." "Indeed, I am glad of that. I must go and see him."--lADvT.1 A Fearful Warning.-Last nigls t at ten o'eclock the firebell rang out, and flames were seen to leap from the rofof of a three. storoy hosse, while the cries from within indicated tha suddenness with which the unfortunote inmates had been surprised Quickly the crowd gathereod, and willing hands had seoon obtained ladders, and re leased two women, two boys, and three eirls, but then there appeared at the highest window a young woman shrieking in des pair. No ladder coeld be foend long enough to reaeh her, and already the flames were driving her bole, when a shout of joy was raised, and a dozen men bearing a tre mendoas.ladder appeared on the scene. Soon it was against the wall, a man ip, and the girl dragged through the broken sash and carried to the grosnd alsost nx hausted, and ealy able to sotter E. 3. John. son, MUin-strcet, lairnsdale, hls tile newest ad best assortment of generui drapery in Gippslnhd. Sho is likcly to reover..-ADnV. 