Warnings and- Omens.: Breaking a looking-glacs is eon'idired' ly many people as a fearful calamity. :"No luck for seven years," says the s sperstitiins. Ft r their benefit, let me tell them that the writer of th's broke a looking- glass on tle morning she sailed for Europe, and. she en perienced no trouble iuring her trip, r turned in good health, and found all her friends enjoying the same. Warnings are very curious and inexpli cable. E-tryone remembers the mysterious call of Rochester to Jane Eyre, in Charlotte Bronte's novel. I can tell of a circumslancs of which I pcsitively know, equally as strange. A plain, practical, matter-of fact woman,:with not the slightest leaning'to wards ocultism in any form, was cannidg fruit in her kitchen one day. Suddenly she heard the voice of her s.ilur son calling her, .Motheru mother, mother." So near it seemed that her first thought was that her son had unexpectedly rtturnod, and leaving her work, she ran into the sitting-room, cry ing out that Harry bad come, and could not but beliere bat tLat he was there hidden. somewhere ready to spring out at her. It was afterwards found that at this time her son was lying dangernusly ill with typhus fever in Japan. He lived to come home andd hear this strange story, and to wonder if in his delirium he had called upon his mother, and over thousands of miles of sea and land, through some mystetious and cccult channels his cry had come to his mother's ears. !I know of another occurence as incomprehen sible as the last. A young man of my ac quaintance went several miles from home to have a dangerous surgical operation per formed. HIs mother accompanied him, but his father remained at home. In the parlor of the house there stood on a table an old worn-out music-box, broken and run down. For years it had not played a tune, and was regarded as utterly sorthless. One morning what was the fAthr's astonishment to hear this music-box suddenly begin playing. No hat d had touched it, and the dust layihick. upon it. Toe next day news was brought to the father of his son's death. He died at the hour the music-b x began playing! One more intaince for whichI can vouch. A party of gay young men were making' a nightof it at a well-known hotel in an East em city. They had drunk deep, and one of them at length realised that he ought to go hmu. .So he spoke to his brother-in-law, at at- whose house he was living, told him he was going, and said he had better come with 'him. But his brother-in-law shook him off, sad he knew when to step, and so the young 'ian set out by himself, went home and to bed. He had slcpt but a short time when he heard his brother-in law call him twice in a sharp tune. He sprang from his bed andian downto open the front door for him, thinking te wrs too fuddhd t : use his latch key. What was his surprivo to find no one there. So sure was he that he had heard his relative call that he was troubled about it, and on returning to his room he struck a match, and looked at his watch. It was .1.15. His brother-in-law did not come that night, or the next day, or tLe next. Search was made for him every where. He was known to have left the hotel ata certain hoar. His wife was frantic, and the police were baffled. Ten days after his disappearance he was found at the bottom of the canal ntar the city. When his watch was taken from his pocket and opened--the hands pointed to 1.45, . Thess are not fictions g!eaned from ghost steries--they are positive facts within my knowledge. I give'them for their value. Sailors are. proverbially euperatiti:us. Every one has heard of the superstitions concerning sharks;following ships-that is that there will soon he a death on board, but an old sailor assures me. that this is more of a superatiticn.on land than with these that follow theses. Not so, however, With the killing of tLe stormy petrel (Moth er Garney's chickens) O:d sailors believe that the albatross contains the spirit of de parted aas captaias and the petrel the Eon's of the old salts, therefore these birds are held sacred by ailors the world over. This same sailor: friend -tells me of three very funny examples of superstition that occurred on a voyage he made from Colombo, Ceylon, to London.. "We had had a fine slant of wind which took udfrom Colombo to the Mauritius, and were bowling along. toward the Cape with atnsails alow and aloft, I was at the wheel in the. rLst wach, when we were struck by a white .quall.". All hands were 'called to shorten sald, but we were thrown on our beam-ends, sad lay. there ten hours, with ott yard aimsmin the iater, the deck. being swept and 'the front of t6i cabin being knocked in by the waves. The ship fnally righted, sad the dsipper going his rounds di;coered, nailled up over the bunk of the second mate, a pair. of Cape pigeon i?ogs. Hae inmadiately.. made the 'air blue, and had the wings thrown over-board, sayng they were the cause cf or troble. We had a black cat on board of which the old man walvrty fond. One night l I was again cn watch, in a dead calm, I heard two of the siout unearthly yells coming frosmover the stern'of th'vemeet The.man at the' wheel called out'that the cat had tjanped over board in a fi: It' had evidently caght 'on to the rudder, but was soon drowned by the well . i: Sf'! he next morning,.to tease the steward, I told him that the cathd gaoe away on a brooestiek the night. fore and.that we sold never get to'London. The poor fel u ,asalaseot paralyzed' with tekror, and went, straightway to the captain.: The latter came on deck and taked me over for not .blakio upo the yards asd pickl?giap the set, wsnag that the los" of the ammal Sas more against the look of the ship than thebIe of ta omn uald be, anud wthmy spwig dlpbin and the' seo stms takill.. lea peifseaad the ai ofa:thoen he' well' vell 6a a kAaOnamer :nT 