MEETING AT' NEW TOWN. IOBATT. AounaT 13. A public meeting, to consider the taxation proposala of tile Gov'ernment, was held at New 'lown to-night, when there were about 100 electors present, Mr. HI. t. Wright. Warden of the district, occupying the chair. Mr. T. Gant proposed - "That the taxationl of personalty is injurious, as well ts unjust; that it will lead to tnsiaon and deceit; that is an unequal and thlt'eforo an unjust tax; and that it has the disadlvatdgtges, without the com pensations,of an ince?iC tas." tec said he thoroughly agreed with the resolution, and would give it his utmost support. HIe considered the personalty tax would be lujurious, inasmuch as if it did not drive 'apital out of the colony it would iion tend to bring it in. (Hear, hear.) 'it?" personalty tax was in quisitorial, and hi believed it must be palpable to anyone glvino the bill little consideration that its operation would be unjust. The bill, lhe contended, Wtas un worthy any Loegislatre in a free country. (Applause.) It had met with the disappro bation of tihe majority of districts where it hidd been considered, and he hopedthatthe Gllenercbhy district would also enter its dissent thereto. 11e supported the present Government, and thought their intentions wvere honoulrable enough. Mr. Watson seconded the resolution, contending that the present Government were to be blamed for not meeting de ficiouoy earlier. The present Geovernment had failed to adjust the finances of theu dtoutty-(crierls of no)-and he believed they Were thoroughly incapablo of so doing. iMr. J. IHamilton, member for the dis trict, said the previous speaker had sti?ted that the Government were called " the poor man's Government," but had put a duty on oatmeal and rice. He contended that the import duty was put on rico because it was principally consumed by Chinamen, atnd as to oatmeal they had two good mills in their midst, and that proved conclusively that the Government were anxious to assist " the poor man" by sup porting local industry. Mer. Ball contended that the importers first paid the duty imiposed by the Go vernment, but ultiimately the consumer had to pay it. In the cases of the in creased Customs duties on oatmeal and rice, he considered the consumers were being indlirectly taxed. Mr. Robert 'lTaylor said he was a staunch supporter of thu (lGvcrnment, and con sidered they had done their level best to sesist the poor man, Whin the Government introduced taxation last year on the unimproved capital valme of land the Upper House threw the pro posal out because it would affect some of them. Iie contended for an income tax pure and simple, but considered if such a tax was brou gt in thi" upper crust" would protest against it. He hoped if Govern ment went out on their proposals that the working classes would iput their shoulders to the wheel and return them. The resolution was then put and carried by 2(i votes to 10. Mr. E. J. Burgess moved-"That the taxation of personalty is very undesirable, and that outr member (Mrl, . HaJ. milton) he requested to vote against this bill in his sact in the Assembly." Mr. Ball seconded the motion. Col. St. Blill said he was not particularly in love with the personalty tax, but he believed in the South Australian sys tem of taxation--namely, income tax, which was imposed in two different ways: on incomes derived from accumulatod wealth, and by wealth accruing from personal exertion. He had, however, given the Personalty Bill his support in the Assembly, and did not con sider it such a monstrosity as it had been represented. (Hear, blru'.) He characterised the wantof confidon .e ti- e :, moved by the hoe. Nicho!.s llrown, as an attempt on the part of the Opposition to throw the Government out of olfice, (Ilear, hear.) lie moved as an amendment--" That this meeting, whilst not desiring lMr. Hamilton to act in any way to jeopardiso the existence of present Government, request that their member will use his vote and influonco in Parliament to prevent the proposed tax on personalty from passing into law." Mr. I. I'aylor seconded the amendment. Colonel St. Bdill, in closing the debate, said the fate of the personalty tax was doomed, and it was understood it would not be gone on with if the Ministry tided over the want of. confidence motion now before the Assembly. Mr. llauTilton said lie thought a ghost had been clasod duringt the evening, as he understood that the personulty tax would not be gone on with. He would support the Government in every wiay, but would vote against the tax on personalty. The amendment was then putt and carried iunanimously. A vote of thanks to tie chairman con cluded theo meeting. 