A Leaflet from tfte History of a Country Choir* I By the Organist. (continued.) i Sunday morning dawned. . I do not think I shall ever forgot that Sunday, though it lies well back in the past uqw. I remember rising with an uneasy feeling as if something unusual was going to happen, the kind of feeling one is conscious of when that dangerous member the tongue has beeh running 011 indiscriminately about otheif peoplo's business, and the . inevitable reckoning has yet to be settled. The fact of the matter was I was over-sensitive ; half forgoiting that it was the ruddy member of my officious friend, not mine, that had been doing the mischief. I came down to breakfast early, and arriving at the dining: room interrupted an apparently very interesting conversation betweeu my landlady and her daughter. " La ! sir," said the ancient party as I entered, and occasioned her a very guilty start, " I hope you didn't think as how. I was speaking again you. It was only about that man as call himself Professor Knowo.il. Mary Jane says as how he has been aud insulted all the ohoir, and nearly all tho children's mothers say tiiey ain't going to let thorn go near the choir again." The beginning of the end, I muttered mentally, but answered soothingly— " There, there Mrs. , that is quite enough gossip, I am astonished a sensible woman like you would take any notice of wlrnt people are saying. Our last practices have been very successful. I cannot conceive how suoh an idea has got abroad." . After saying this my conscience priokea me somewhat. I wonder how many little trimminss, feignings, exaggerations, and white fibs it lakes before you get used toi passing such coin, Mrs. B subsided at ouce, but I well knew by the expressive loooks that passed botween the two that mischief was brewing. Before proceeding further in the narrative of this little episode in my career as organist, I must pause to give the reader some idea of the peculiarities of the inhabitant' of the little town of N , without which the thrift of this sketch would be but imperfectly understood. In the first case then, be it understood, they were as clannish as a set of bare-legged Highlanders, this trait being the immediate result of much .inter-, marriage. New residents unaware of this, point usually came to grief; an unlucky, imprudent, and too candid remark directed against one of the numerous sisters, cousins, or aunts, &c.;, Ac., often resulting in setting the whole community in a commotion.. Down they dropped on the victim, like a hive of angry bees, or up they sprang brandishing their dirks like a pack of angry. Highland chiefs. The unfortuvate offender] remembered ever afterwards that blood was! thicker than water ; at any rate if he did: not, experience taught him. naught. Besides this peculiarity, there wns another which augured well for the peace of the place, and that was—a unanimity of opinion against those whom they may consider outsiders. They might fight aud quarrel like furies amongst themselves, but wo-betide those who stepped in between. I may here mention that at that time I was not connected with the old inhabitants, although in the dim future I had faint hopes that some day a certain fair member of my choir might form'the connecting link. The conduct of our critical professer made this vision more visionary than ever; one reason why auything connected with his sojourn in our midst ever remains rivctted in my memory. But I am wandering—the , fanmember is now a mother of eight, and I am their fond parent. Knowall's machinations were not altogether fatal to my hopes, as (lie latter statement shows. To return to-this eventful Sunday. It was the occasion as the feast of the Holy Trinity, and as I passed through the paddock on my way to the church I could not help noticing what a glorious day it was. The sun sailing gloriously bright in an rinfleclced depth of azure, not a single cloud to dim for one instant his brilliant rays. Being somewhat early the Bliadows. were long, and iu some of their cooler depths the quivering dewdrops glistened tremulously. Just a light..wind stirred the grass and rustled pleasantly through the leaves; snrelv it was a pleasant and peaceful day. We will have n good congregation, I thought, as I sauntered along. "I wonder'how that hallelujah chorus will go after all." As if in answer to my hiilT-inlittered query ou turning the corner of the Main Stroet, whom should I moet but the whole family of Screeches entoriug. the Presbyterian church. This sight somewhat staggered me, for of nil the members of the Anglican congregation the Screochos wore undoubtedly tlie most zealous, hard-working, and enthusiastic. " The beginning of the end," again X mutteiod, remembering how my friend Knowall had offended Miss Scroech at Thursday night's practice. This transition is cortainly the result of those few indiscreet words. Hoping that Mr. Knowall who was walking along just in front of me, would seo the result' of his "tact," I mado haste to overtake him. After the usual salutation, I observed that the Screeches bad evidently taken umbrage at sometliiug, as they were riot eoiniug to churoh. " Perhaps so 1 perhaps so I" he answered testily, "but what matter I I should receive a public vote of thanks for getting rid of that rasping machine, even if she did'carry off half a score with her." And tlien^ dismissing the subject, he discoursed pleasantly, anU I may add in an" interesting mariner on the ui'viue art. We were just getting.up a; very warm discussion on the merits aiid demerits o( certain of the great tone.p.p.e,ts judged.in their capacity of organists, when the first; bell pealed forth. On entering I found that the organ had been moved from tlie bottom of the church to the top, the choir; of course , following suit. A hasty glance at the choir seats showed tliatthoywero almost.einpty,, but I reassured myself with the fact that, it was early yet, . so I arranged the music, &c.;, with a boating heart. By degrees the congregation increased, but time did not fill up the vacant places near the organ—they only gleaned .more conspicuously .bare* J\veuty' five memfeers, and: only eiglit j present, and; most of tliose belonging to the class who manage to cumber up valuable space for no particular relurn, except that of opening and shutting the month to emit the ghost of .a sound. There are frauds, ib. all rariks of life, why not in a cliurch choir. I fear this is a somewhat uncharitable remark, but there are somo tilings which do try a mail's temper, and I am sure any fellow organist will agree with me that a contingent of mute singers is perhaps of alt things most trying to bear. It was now.within five minutes of eleven o'clock, and it appeared more than probable that our singers were iiot going to make tli'eir appearance for the service. My perturbation cau be easior imagined than described, but under it all I caunot help owning to a little suppressed feeling of exultation. Mr. Knowall would now see if my management had been as defective as he had pronounced it. At last he would be compelled to own that a little more tact than he,possessed was necessary to keep the troubled waters calm. " And how did Mr. Knowall look under the circumstances ?" Well, I reriioinber once Imaging a boy describe liow a man looked who had just polled enough to forfeit his £40. He was variegated and white ab >ut the gills,said my hopeful—and that was exactly the state of' Knowall's visage. Never mind, he .whispered. at the last m nnent, I have piit my foot in it, but we will brave it out, hallelujah chorus, and all. Before. I could answer, the vestry door opened, and the clergyman in his linen robes brushed past. I dashed into a voluntary. Imagine my horror when a discordant, wheezing, and unutterably ludicrous wail rang through the vaulted roof. There was a general. titter, and then a dead s'lence, both on tho part of the organist and; the congregation—the wherefore I shall explain in my next. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 