LOCAL AND GENERAL. SOUTHPORT RACES.— Monday next is a proclaimed public holiday in the Logan on account of the above races. W. J. B., NERANG.— There was no enclosure in your note. Please forward same at your earliest convenience. LOGAN ELECTION.— In another place, will be found a complete list of the election meetings to be held by Mr. E. J. Stevens, in the Logan electorate. YATALA BRIGE.— It is expected that the Yatala bridge will be ready for opening on Monday, 23rd April. Particulars will be given next week of the price of tickets and at which hotel the public dinner will be held. THE SUGAR BOUNTIES.— London, April 11\. — The various European Powers represented on the recent international conference having agreed to suppress the system of bounties on sugar, the conference, which resumed its sittings a few days ago, is now devising practical measures to give effect to the decision arrived at. LAWN TENNIS.— Mr. Bell, our new solicitor, announces in another column that there is a lawn tennis club in Beenleigh, with a yearly subscription of 10s. 6d., members to provide their own racquets. There is a chance now for boys and girls desirous of becoming contortionists equal to those in the 3-in-1 circus. Roll up and join all ye that want sport of the highest style or art. FOOTBALLERS' BALL.— The ball in the School of Arts last Friday evening (6th April), was a very fair success, notwith- standing the high prices of tickets. Be- tween thirty and forty couples enjoyed themselves. Mr. Guthrie was the caterer and gave every satisfaction. Rosentengel's band discoursed the music and the party kept the affair on well into the morning hours. DANCING CLASSES.— With a view of com- bining amusement and instruction, so much needed in this district, a dancing class has been formed by Miss Ross, commenced last night (13th inst.), at 7.30 p.m., in Guthrie's Hall, to which we invite attention as a means of helping to pass the winter evenings which will be soon upon us. The services of Miss McCarthy, of Brisbane, have been engaged, and these names are a sufficient guarantee that if supported by the residents, many enjoyable and profitable evenings may thus be passed. BEGINNING TO AGREE.— Owing to the great success the McIlwralth party are achieving in Brisbane, and throughout the colony in the present election, wiser counsels are beginning to prevail, and the first man to give the good example is our old friend Ebenezer Thorne. He was a strong McIlwraith man, but immediately he got to hear that Sir Thomas preferred F. ff. Swanwick to try Woolloongabba against Mr. William Stephens, Ebenezer resigned like a man. If Sir Thomas will just send a box of Ebenezer's microbes down to the Albert, we shall be re- assured that the party are safe for the Albert. MR. LENNEBERG AT UPPER COOMERA.— Mr. T. Lenneberg addressed the largest meeting yet held in the old Church, Upper Coomera, on Tuesday evening last. A hearty vote of continence was proposed by Mr. J. Gartside, seconded by Mr. J. Mathewson, and carried unanimously by a show of hands. After the meeting ter- minated a strong committee was formed, consisting of the leading and most influential electors, with the object of securing the return of Mr. T. Lenneberg. Similar committees have been formed at Southport, Upper and Lower Nerang Creek, Nerang Township and Tallebudgera. CARRYING MEAT OUT ON SUNDAY.— We have two or three complaints about some of our butchers carrying meat out on Sun- day morning and making their men work when there is no necessity. This sort of business in not carried on in Brisbane and there is no reason for it being adopted here, except in very bad weather in sum- mer when meat will not keep. But now meat is killed on the Saturday afternoon and can well be delivered on Saturday night. We speak on behalf of the men. Many country people have to keep their meat from Friday till Sunday and there is no reason why town people cannot get their supplies on Saturday evening and hang it in their own verandah's as well as let it hang in the butcher's shops. THE ELECTIONS.— All the candidates for the Albert are pegging away as fast ever ; and each one expects to head the poll. If Sir Samuel Griffith is willing to permit it, we shall have a jolly exciting time in the Albert, and lots of fun, if all five were allowed to run, and go to the poll. But, it will not be allowed. Sir Samuel is in communication with one of the candidates to face about, and he will give him his support. Then, we have Mr. George Appel, who made a preliminary canter over the Albert and then retired — he is again walking about, quietly taking stock — ready for the breach. For the Logan, which electorate was made and jerrymandered expressly to fit A. R. H. Pietzcker, we hear that that gentleman is in ambuscade to trouble E. J. Stevens if there is a show, or even a ghost of a show. Some people, like the historic Nicodemus, whose deeds are not dark, even still prefer to go about in the dark. BEENLEIGH SPORTS.— Beenleigh may congratulate itself upon a new spirit of sport infused into it, owing to the energetic manner in which Mr. Guthrie — the new lessee of the Royal Hotel — is working to establish sports of all kinds. We find from our advertising columns that Mr. Guthrie is providing a very handsome silver cup, value 20 guineas, to be shot for at a pigeon shooting match on 28th April, which should be well patronised in our sporting circles. We also find that he is promoting athletic sports for 24th May, when prizes to the amount of 100 sovs. will be distributed, a special feature being the Beenleigh Handicap, 50 yards, when 60 sovs. will be given for this one race, a new feature being introduced of dividing a sum of money between the winners of heats. As these are the inaugural sports in Beenleigh, competitors may rely on every thing being done to make the venture such a success as to establish it as annual sports, and from what we have seen of the track — at present now in active course of construction — it will be all that can be desired. We heartily wish Mr. Guthrie all the success he deserves. HOW HE GOT LEVEL WITH THE DOCTOR. — The new district magistrate of Shanghai, some of whose doings have already been reported, has taken the native doctors in hand. Lately he sent one of his messengers to a well-known doctor, with a fee of 600 cash — about half a crown — to ask him to visit a patient. As the messenger had strict orders not to say he came from the magistrate, the doctor was under the impression that the patient was not an official, and he accordingly refused to go. Again the messenger was sent, and again the doctor refused to attend, saying the fee was too small, and that he would not go for three times the amount. The third time the magistrate sent his own card, and the doctor at once hastened to see him. On being interrogated why he had not come in the first instance, he made various excuses, which the magistrate cut short by observing that in future he would cut down the doctor's fees to such a low figure that it would not be worth his while to continue practising. He gave the doctor the alternative of paying 5,000 taels (£1,250) to the Yellow River Fund. The fine was ultimately reduced to 3,000 taels (£750), and the doctor, it is recorded, was very glad to get off so easily. 