Great Hen. In an interesting article contributed not long ago to the local press, Sir Henry Parkes said that the future of Australia in the next century would depend very largely upon whether it produced half a-dozen great men. Will these men be forthcoming ? According to Mr. Lowell the present working of American democracy is adverse to the production of great men, and the conditions of Australian democracy are very similar to those of America. Mr. Lowell, whose mind has been somewhat enlarged, pernaps, Dy his English experience, made his remark in a speech which he deliveredon behalf of the 'Independents.' In America the Independents are the men who absolutely refuse to be governed by the caucuses, who consider the snffrage as a p'ersonal and political trust, and who exercise it according to their own convictions. But the Independents are very few in number, and their votes are absolutely thrown away. The voting is not in the hands of the voters, but in the hands of the party managers, and only those nominated by these managers have the ghost of a chance. But if all the people were really free and independent electors, the caucus would be nowhere, and the Independent vote would tell. As it is, Mr. Lowell says that great men have no chance of coming to the front; they cannot push themselves, and they are not likely to be brought forward. The raw material for statesmanship is abundant in the country, but it has not a chance of development. The wire-pullers like men whom they can manage, and the men whom they can manage are not great statesmen. Mr. Lowell says that tricks of management are more and more superseding the science of government, and that the door to high office is made bo narrow and so low as to admit only petty and crouching men. The conse quence is the encouragement of small politicians and the discouragement of great ones. The Spectator, in commenting on this criticism of one of the keenest observers of American literary men, suggests that part of the mischief is due to what is otherwise a merit, namely, the great development of local self-government. Men are trained to life in counties, and townships, and states ; and, though in some respects these are good training-schools, in others they tend to give a prominence to men who have taken narrow and local views of things. Something of the eame sort has already been witnessed among our selves. It is notorious that an alderman has always a good chance at a city election, not because of his merits, but because he personally knows the electors, and has pleased them in some small matter of civic administration ; but we have never yet had a case of an alderman showing himself afterwards to be a statesman. There is no reason why he should not be, if he could outgrow his first limitations ; but, as a matter of fact, the sort of ment that make popular alhermen have not as yet expanded into politicians of the first order. If the municipalities, however, are not to prove the nurseries of our statesmen, where is the nursery to be? Is it to be at the University ? and if not there, where ? 