THE AUSTRALIAN RACE. In our former notice of Mr. Curr's work we mentioned that the Australian race was homogeneous — that is, that all blackfellows have sprung from one parentage. The evidence of this is to be found in their language, manners, and customs. On the subject of language our author has a great deal to say. Whether it is all to good purpose we are not prepared to aver ; but in the hands of philologists, and skilled scientists, we have no doubt the character and connec- tions of hie facts may be expounded with more popular interest. Mr. Curr shows that though the speech of tribes differs, they possess many words in common. Then there is this curious fact, that strange blacks soon learn to make themselves intelligible to each other. A young man, for instance, goes out on the prowl for a wife-marriage by capture being tacitly recognised, or, rather, indeed, en- couraged — and, by winsome ways or force, carries off a young woman from an adjoining tribe. At first she sits apart, speechless, among her relatives as their language is new to her. Presently she picks up a few words, and by the time her first baby is born she is able to converse freely. When two black boys from distant parts of the country happen to be brought together droving cattle, they soon learn to understand each other. They are not at all ready in the uptake of English, and as any one may learn by an endeavour to chat with King Billy of Gracemere, never acquire a fluent use or fair knowledge of it. This circumstance has proved an obstacle to our becoming thoroughly intimate with our sable brethren, and getting at their mind on things of interest. When Sir Arthur Mit- chell asked a blackfellow the name of a river, he answered in his own language by using, a word equivalent to "I don't know." In- dungan " and that was transformed into the name of the Bayungan. Mr. Curr has com- piled a pretty comprehensive vocabulary of Australian words, and he has much knowledge of the language, but his disquisition on it is some what prolix and wearisome. Their general physical characteristics show the blacks to be of one race. They are all copper-coloured — not black, like the negro but some tribes are a shade lighter than others, as if by a sport they had gone back so far to the primitive stock with which the African Adam of the race was crossed. The average blackfellow is not so tall as an Englishman, but is taller than a French- man — not so tall as a Teuton, but taller than a Celt. The Australian's body is muscular ; wrists, bands, ankles, and feet small ; his head is rather smaller than an Englishman's, and the forehead is retreating. We have no evidence as to the weight of brain — a point to which no attention has been given. His eyes are black, soft, lustrous, quick, and intelli- gent. The nose is flat ; but, sometimes, Roman-nosed natives are met with. The mouth is always wide, lips thick, lower jaw heavy, and cheek-bones high ; chin smail and receding. His voice is musical, and expressive. Mr. Curr says "when he meditates treachery his voice in- variably betrays him." "The black is a rather hirsute man." The hair of the bead is long, wavy, and curly ; occasionally straight ; generally black with a reddish and sometimes yellow tinge in it. His skin is soft and velvety to the touch. "The carriage of the Australian is erect and graceful, and his movements light and easy. He is never awkward, and generally is free from those disproportions of the person which are so prevalent amongst civilised nations." The women are smaller in proportion to the man than is the case among Europeans, except where they are well fed and not overworked. Children are light coloured when born, but become black in a week. An albino has never been heard of among the blacks, but on the Balonne river is a family of hairless blacks. The senses of hearing, taste, smell, and especially sight are well developed. Hunger, thirst, and cold they stand well. They sleep very soundly. From wounds which would be fatal to a European they quickly recover. They are naturally agile and active, and soon become excellent rough riders, but they have bad hands on a horse. They are incapable of toilsome labour, and if compelled to it begin to spit blood. Half castes resemble the mother more than the father, and are never the least good looking. "The Black, espe- cially in his wild state, is quicker in the action of his mind, more observant, and more self-reliant than the English peasant, but less steady, persevering, and calculating. His mind in many respects is that of a child." He can learn to read, write, and count ; is amused with stories, interested in pictures; but "in most respects it is clear that the savage cannot be raised to the level of our civilization in a single generation ; but there are no grounds for supposing that he would not continue to advance from generation to genera- tion with continuous cultivation." Observation of blacks brought up in the aboriginal stations in Victoria led Mr. Curr and others to the conclusion that "the schooled genera- tion was not an improvement." " As for their Christianity, it seemed to me to begin and end with singing psalms." While the native is a courteous, gay, laugh-loving fellow he is with- out principle, honour, or morality ; tells a lie without compunction, is very treacherous, and holds life cheap. He lacks courage, his superior nerve not being supported by re- solution. Of course there are occasional ex- ceptions. Collectively the blacks seem to have a sense of right and wrong, which induces them to be very strict in prohibiting con- sanguineous marriages. "Whether the blacks have any knowledge of God seems doubtful. That nothing of the nature of worship, prayer or sacrifice has been observed is certain." They believe in spirits of evil, and are slaves to witchcraft. Ghosts of recently deceased persons are dreaded, and for fear of them a dead man's name it never uttered. The bush wizard or "doctor " is a powerful person in every tribe. Old men and women are credited with being familiar with the black art. Something like the evil eye is believed in, and death is suppose to be caused by the incantation of enemies. To obtain a tuft of hair, or little article belonging to a foe is supposed to give the possessor power over him. Native doctors make their deluded people believe almost any nonsense that they care to palm on them. Naturally, the blacks are light-hearted and inclined to kindness, but the belief in sorcery has made them cruel and blood-thirsty. Whenever a strange black appears in a locality the natives set about compassing his destruction. They have what are called "freits" in the old coun- try. It is deemed unlucky, for instance, to be caught in a whirlwind, and for a woman to step over a sleeping man. Though not under government in our sense of the word, the blacks are subject to customs from which there is no escape. Public opinion is as powerful with them as among white men. The male at a certain age has to submit to the terrible rite and severe penance, before he can be admitted to full membership in the tribe ; to have one of his teeth knocked out : to have the cartilage of the nose pierced ; and to have his skin gored and slashed. The female has also to submit to horrible cuttings and mutilations, and must murder her own infant when required. There are restrictions on the use of food, such as the Emu, which only old men are privileged to eat. There are no such things, however, as councils, or regular government of any form among them. When a man violates a custom he is punished according to circum- stances. For instance, one man eloped with *The Australian Race : Its origin,languages, cus- toms, place of landing in Australia, and routes by which it spread itself over that Continent. By Edward M. Curr, author of " Pure Saddle Horses," and "Recol- lections of Squatting in Victoria." In four volumes. Melbourne. John Farres, Government Printer. Lon- don: Trubner and Co., LudgateHill, 1886. the wife of another of the same tribe. When the attention of the other men was called to the delinquency they declined to interfere. The men interested took to their clubs, and the gay Lotharie polished off his antagonist to the delight of the lady in the case. 