IRovelidt. THE FALSE KNIGHT: OH, THE ROBBER OF THE BLACK FOREST. A STORY OF LOVE, MYSTERY, AND ADVENTURE. BY SYLVAKUS COBB, Jr. CHAPTER XI. —Continued “ Most assuredly 1 will.” “Good. I sliall give you tlie opportu nity very soon.” When the priest had gone Sir Pascal summoned Balthazar, and hade him go and see the haroness, and ask her how soon she could be prepared to receive him. He wished to confer with her upon a matter of great importance. The- dwarf departed, and was gone so long that his master became uneasy and suspicious of evil. He had twice framed the opening speech with which he would salute her ladyship, .and had twice for gotten it; and by the time tho hunchback finally returned he had forgotten much “ Well, rascal What says her august ladyship 1 Have you been making love to the fair daughter ?” “ No, your lordship. I will leave that delectable pastime to you, when—you find “Ha ! What docs that mean?” cried the! knight, seizing the pigmy by the collar of his doublet and giving him a shake. “ Did you • see the baroness ?” “No, sir. Not a door could I open be yond the archway at the entrance to the ladies’ apartments. After I had knocked, and kicked, and called at as many doors as I have fingers, I found a servant, who told me that she had been doing the same tiling for more than an hour; and the black eyed wench had the audacity to spit at me, _not on me, mark you—and tell mo that I and otlierslikeme—meaning your excellency _had driven the poor woman to seeking safety in death, to which end she had drank poison.” “ Hark ye, sirrah ! Speak ye now soberly and to the point, or I’ll—I’ll cut your wine for a week. I mean it. Now, tell me what you found.” . “ I told you as nearly as I knew how. I went to the chamber of the lady as you bade mo ; and I tried the doors of all the rooms on that floor, in that wing; and not a door could I start, nor a word of response to my calls could I hear ; aud the girl said she’d been an liour trying to raise somebody with out avail.” Twice the startled knight, strode across the room, and then, seizing liiscap, ho went out—went to the forge of the armorer, and selecting a. heavy sledge—a two-licadcd tool—with which he returned to the keep, he ascended to the apartments of the ladies, his dwarf page hearing him company. Iu the first passage on tlie second floor they met the servant whom Balthazar had ques tioned, and her Sir Pascal told to show him which was the sleeping-chamber of the baroness. Tlie door was pointed out, and a single blow of the heavy sledge beat it *Tlie girl rushed in, and presently set up a frantic outcry. Her dear mistress was dead she knew. That was her bed, out of which she never slept, and it had not been touched during the night. Other doors were broken open, and other chambers looked into ; hut no trace of mo ther or daughter could be found. It was Balthazar who thought of asking the servant, if she ever waited upon the baroness, and helped her to dress. Yes, that was a part of r her duty. She and Gretclien always waited upon the good lady and licr daughter, and nobody else. And Gretclien, too, was gone. Sho was directed to see if the ladies had carried anything away with them ; and upon search it was found that both of them had taken clothing and all their jewelry. in a state ot frenzy the knight hastened! down, and summoned to his presence all the officers and soldiers who had been on guard duty during the night. - There were a full score of them in all. They were questioned sharply, but nothing could be learned from them. None of them had seen either of the missing females. Each and every one most solemnly Bworo that not a soul had passed him during his watch. “Where is the wonder?” suggested Lieutenant Franz, when the chief had reached the point of declaring that some body had lied. “ Do you not .know -that these old castles are riddled, through and through, with all sorts of secret passages ?” Simple as was the revelation, Dumvolf had not thought of it. But lie saw it now, and admitted the probability of its correct He had just bowed his acknowledgment to Franz when the door of the apartment was opened, and the two ruffians, Willem and Walbeck, came in, looking like men who had just seen a veritable ghost, each trying to push the. other on ahead. “How now?” cried the knight, with a new terror before him. “ Why are you here ? Speak !—Zounds ! I’ll—” “ Mercy, Meinherr!” And it came out, with much stumbling, that they had gone down to carry their prisoner his breakfast; had found the door of the dungeon bolted and barred and locked, just -as they had left it ; but tfio place was empty. The straw had not been laid upon, and tw-o of the candles and the candlestick had been taken away. This was too much. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb. He gasped and choked, but for a considerable time was unable to speak. And when, at length, his power of speech came to him, he was so deeply moved that he spoke without an oath ; no oath that he could frame being adequate to the occasion. ‘ ‘ Franz ! What do you make of this ?” “It must be, sir, that some of the men of the castle discovered that the captain had been locked up in that place, and they contrived, during the* night, to set him “ But how could they have got there if our sentinels were awake ?'’ “ By means of passes of which we are ignorant. If you will reflect you will call to mind that the subterranean passes of these old piles always connect with the lower crypts and dungeons.”. Again the knight was forced to admit the plausibility of his lieutenant’s solution ; and, having questioned the jailers some what furtlier^jje resolved to go down and investigate for himself. He had brought with him the sledge with which he had opened the chamber doors ; that he gave to Zillem, and directed Walbeck to go to the armorer’s forge and get another just like it, and to bring, also, a common hammer of goodly size. When all was ready, lights were taken and the party set forth. The first point for examination was the dungeon from which the prisoner had been set free. Was there any secret pass there?"They hammered and pounded everywhere, but only the dull, massy sound of solid rock was returned. The walls on three sides were absolutely native rock, and, of course, there could bo nothing of the kind in the front wall. As for the floor, it was of flags of such size, and so firmly laid, that no human power could move them. It never occurred to them that the floor of a square recess cut from the native ledge ought itself—or, at least, the inner portion of it—to be solid like the walls that arose from it. They might have seen, too, that the floor of the passage outside, on a level with that of the dungeon, was simply a surface of natural rock. Also, they might have discovered that the floor of the very next dungeon was of nature’s own make. But they saw nothing of this. It was evident that the prisoner had been set free by somebody from the outside ; and as for finding the secret in that maze of cells and crypts and vaulted passages, the thing was not to bo thought of. They hammered and banged upon a few suspicious-looking places, but in the end returned no wiser than they went. On. reaching daylight again, Sir Pascal thought of mustering the force of the castle —those men who had been under Capt. von Linden’s command—and demanding of them information upon the subject of what he was pleased to term the recent outrage ; but Franz quickly argued him away from it. Said he, after his chief had given up the objectionable plan : “ The prisoner is gone, of course, beyond the confines of the castle, and I doubt if there is a soul here present who knows where he is. Further, the ladieB arc surely with him; and we may judge, from the fact that no horses have been taken, that they have not' gone far. Now, my dear master,” continued the trusty henchman, laying the dexter finger of the right hand into the palm of -the left, as lie went on, speaking slowly and earnestly, “ our first object is to make ourselves secure in our position, and know Who are our friends. Of the fivc-and-forty men-at-anns whom wc found in the garrison here when wc came, the larger portion of them are soldiers who have been drawn from other sources within a few months. The old knight, whose funeral had just taken place when we arrived, had enlisted them by order of the grand duke, after intelligence had!beeh received ' of the anticipated insurrection. More than half of those men, to my certain knowledge; are already heart and soul with' us; and I have no doubt that we might, by proper management, gain very nearly the whole of them. ' “Let us first do that, sir; and then let us find Thorbrand., If we do not find him readily, we must find-some of his men and ' confer with them. That they are in this' neighborhood there can he' no ,doubt. ; Meantime wc will throw' our guards upon i all the avenues of the surrounding forest,; to make aura that the fugitives do' not escape us. This is the plan 1 would suggest.” Ami the chief had resolved to adopt it before Franz had done speaking. Accordmgly,' after one more thorough search over the castle for the missing ones, Sir Pascal caused the original force of the castle to be mustered on the parade ground, and when they were together, he stated to them plainly his object. He wanted to know how many of them he could depend upon to follow him without question; how many would take the oath of fealty to him self. He used no honeyed words, but he did this:" He made them understand that those who should refuse" him allegiance might look for hard times; while oh the other hand, for those who should prove true to him, there would be the best of treat-1 'ment, and there might be considerable! booty. The result had not been looked for. Only ten men of the five-and-forty privates and 'nine non-commissioned officers—ten of the 1 whole number—stood firm and true to the : old duty; and they, when they saw and [understood the situation, believing that their young captain and the ladies of the castle had got safely away, asked that they might be discharged from the service. They had taken the bath of fealty to the ba roness, and only she herself could absolve .them. Fora wonder Dunwolf permitted them | to go. He felt that they could do him more | harm if they remained than they could in .being outside. And thus was he completely 1 master of the castle. Saving the few liouse ! hold servants, for whom lie did not care,all within the walls wore his sworn supporters. Before the sun of that day had set lie had sent swift couriers out upon all the roads— 'upon cveiy path where a woman could iniake her way—and made sure that no 'persons had gone forth since the previous ^ evening. Also, he had posted sentinels at 11lie various passes, to prevent the out going of anyone without question. •During the evening of that day, for the first time, he was told of the cot of the old hunter on the opposite mountain side. 'Could it be possible that the fugitives had 'found shelter and hiding there ? He would [very soon know. On the next morning, bright and early, 'accompanied by a guide from the men of 'the castle, Sir Pascal and his lieutenant, "with the dwarf page, who had begged hard, that he might be permitted to go, set forth for the hunter’s cot. They reached it with out adventure worthy of note, and found 'the hunter himself standing in his open doorway. Evidently lie had been on the watch for them, having been very sure that they would come. I Pascal Dunwolf stood fairly abashed be fore the man he had come to see. He had been prepared to find a 'rough, ignorant mountaineer, who would instinctively quail and cower before him; but, instead of that, he gazed upon a man noble and grand in jform and feature—a man who looked upon him as a monarch might look upon liis ' meanest subject. j . Never mind the details of the interview. I The visitor, as soon as he could present his business, stated why he had come. He was very anxious concerning the ladies, who were so far under his care that lie felt responsible for tlieir safety. Had the hunter seen anytliiug of them ? Could lie give any information at all ? “ Sir,” said Oberwald with a stately bow, I might answer you that I had not seen ^them—that I knew nothing of them ; but 'that would presuppose my readiness to be 'tray them if they were here, or to tell a Ifalsehood. The lady Bertha and her daughter are my dear friends,and if I knew where they' had found refuge I certainly sliould refuse to tell you. O ! do not look so glum ! I only do what you would do. ! if you be a man of honor. But, sir, iny humble abode is before you; no doors arc locked. You can look through it if you will; also, you may search the forest round about. X certainly hope you may not find them, because I know they would not have left you without good and sufficient reason.” < ■ The spurred and belted kniglit was for a little time fairly beside himself with con tending emotions. Once he seemed more than half inclined to draw his swonl, and again a torrent of curses was upon his lips ready to burst forth ; but liis better judg ment finally prevailed, and in moderate tones he told the hunter that lie should like to view the internal arrangements of his dwelling. .y Without a word Oberwald admitted him and his lieutenant. The> obtrusive hunch back started to go’ in, but hi3 master put him back.' Upon entering the living-room the hunter’s daughter was discovered sitting by the great fire-place, and Franz who. had an eye fora pretty face, started to address her. At that moment-up ro_se the great St. Ber nard, with a growHike far-off thunder, and the gallant drew back,leaving the damsel to herself. Every part of the' cot was visited ; every hole and corner was peered into ; but no thing was found that looked like, a fugitive baroness, and in the end the party of ob servation left the cot no wiser than they were on their arrival. Sore at heart, and in deeper trouble than he would acknowledge, Sir Pascal Dunwolf returned to the castle.' Thus far he had been bafiled at every step; still he did not give up. Fresh riders wore sent out to. scour the forest, and every means he could think of taken to find the missing And now for the robber chief. While the search was going on for .the fugitives he must'find Thorbrand,.:and- with him come to an understanding. Why the man had not called upon him lie could not conceive. He had promised that ho would be -very punctual. . ' . • : It was on tlio third daiy after the disap pearance, of Captain von .Louden, and’the ladies, while scoutdwerc scouring in every lirection for the robber chieftain; or. for my of his band, that one of tho famed bandit’s followers was broueht before him. Hegave liis P'-; as Hildcgund, and sar he w»* r:«eof Thorbrand’s chief lieuteuanis lie had been on his way to the castle who the outridors had met him, and he wa. anxious to find his master as was any one. “ More than a hundred men of our baud >' ho said, “are. now encamped in the Arn-| berg Valley waiting for an order from their: chief. Thorbrand left us little more than a. week, ago, • in company with liis chief officer, young Wolfgang—young he is, but a thunderbolt in battle—they left u for the express purpose of coming to thia very castle to report to yourself. All is. ready with us, and the barons of Wurtem-j burg are ready to move as ’oon as theyi know' that Deekendorf ' Castle is open to' them in case of need. Wo have waited till' now for our chief's return, and when the1 full week had gone I started out in quest of him. The last words he spoke before loav-1 ing us were spoken to me. “ ‘ Hildegnnd,’ he sflid, ‘ I go to confer with the knight who has been sent to com mand Deckendorf Castle. When I have arranged satisfactorily with him I will letj you know.” “He promised that if he did not come himself ho would send Wolfgang. That, as’ I have said, was more than a week ago, and from that time wo have heard not a word,! nor have we received a sign.. What can it mean 1” Dun wolf was confounded. Was it pos sible- that Thorbrand had made his ap pearance at the castle before his arrival— while von Linden was in command—and had the fiery youth put him out of the way 1 He summoned two of the assistant warders; who had taken the oath of fealty to him, and questioned them closely. They declared, unhesitatingly, that it would have been impossible for any man to have visited the castle during the week previous to Sir Arthur’s death without either one or the other of them being witness. After this there was a silence, broken at length by the robber. “Have you made search at the cot o Martin Oberwald ?” “What?—the hunter on the opposite mountains “The same.” “ Not for Thorbrand; but 1 have been there, and have looked into every bole and comer after others.” ' . Hildcgund shrugged his shoulders signi ficantly. “That man," he said, “is deeper than you think. If any one can. give us infor mation, it is he. But we must bo wary. Lot us think the matter over, and fix upon a plan of action. He has holes and comers at command that you did not dream of, I’ll be bound.” Hildegund was-of middle age; tall and sinewy, and strong of limb. He was a handsome man, too, with a face remarkably keen and intelligent. That he was an ex perienced forester and mountaineer was evident from the outset, and to him Sir Pascal tendered the office of guide in the present'emergency. The brigand readity accepted the position and straightway proceeded to action, liis movements indicating very plainly that ho knew what he was about. Before that day’s sun had set ho had organized a force of little less than two-score men—all more or less versed in the mysteries oi mountain life—and the dwelling of Martin Oberwald was completely environed, so that no person could enter in or go away without being discovered. 