WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the above was held in the Wesleyan Church, Bourke-street, last night. There was a. moderately good attendance. On the platform were the Revs. G. Lane, Dr. Sellors, Dr. Kelynack, W. G. R. Stephinson, W. G. Lawes, A. J. Webb, 3 B. Water- house, J. E. Moulton, R. Dyson, Hon. E. Vickery, M.L.C., Mr. S. E. Lees, M.L.A., and others. In the absence of Mr. McMillan, M.L.A., Mr. W. Arnott, of Newcastle, took the chair, and briefly introduced the proceedings. The Rev. O. BROWN, general secretary, read an abstract of the report for the year, of which the following is a precis : -" As the receipts and expenditure for the last 12 months are not fully ascertained, we commence this report with an abstract of the balance-sheet for the year ending December 31, 1886\. The income of the society was £11.632 7s. 10d. The expenditure for the year was £12,403 Os 8d , leaving a deficiency of £770 12s 10d, which was covered by a grant from the special help fund Dunne; the year in creased efforts have been made to reach and influence for good the thousands of Chinese scattered through the various parts of Victoria, marked success had attended the labours of their agents amongst this people In New South Wales the Rev J Tear Tack had been prosecuting his labours at Tingha with undoubted success From Samoa the reports are of such a nature as at one time to fill our hearts with, sadness that the work of God among the people there is so much hindered by cause which are absolutely out of the control of our missionaries, and at another time to cause us to rejoice that in those islands the mighty power of God's truth to regenerate and bless the people is still so abundantly manifested The Circuit reports from Fiji showed that the work was being still carried on vigorously and successfully A visit has been made by the chairman of the district (the Rev T Langham) to the Tongan refugees, who are located in one of the distant islands in his circuit From New Britain the reports tell us that our miss stories in that group have been severely tried during the year, but these troubles have not risen from the same causes as in the past For more than a year, one epidemic after another has swept over those islands each of them carrying off large numbers of the people. The report then went on to speak of the arrival of books in the native language, and the joy thus imparted to the people Rev G LANE, president of the conference, moved the first resolution, as follows " That the report now read be adopted, and that this meeting expresses its gratitude to God for the great successes with which He has blessed the labours of this society in the post It acknowledges not only responsibility of preserving and strengthening the positions already gained, and the work which by God's blessing has been accomplished, but also the obligation to go forward and occupy the places which are yet without the light of the Gospel of Christ, and pledges itself to increased efforts and more watchful earnestness in this great work " He said the resolution was a speech in itself, but in virtue of the office he held it was his duty to say a few words For 25 years he had taken an interest in and subscribed to both home and foreign missions The missionary argument was supported by the oneness of the human race, by the largeness and scope of Christ's redemption, by the wondrous fitness of the Gospel to meet the needs of humanity, and the direct command of Christ himself The report was an encouraging one, but the society would need increased sympathy and liberality if it were to do its great work They must not forget the distant lands in this centenary year, when they were making a special effort for the promotion of the work of God at home Seventy-five years ago their fathers in England had answered their call for missionaries, and they must remember that they were placed here in this favoured land not only to promote their own personal interests, but to make this country a centre of evangelisation to the islands and countries adjacent The waste of New South Wales would plant the Gospel in hundreds of heathen isles around them. They had no need to-day to prove the duty of Christian missions, but simply to emphasise it, and to seek to excite enthusiasm on behalf of missionary work They could point to success all along the line, and the prospects before them were bright as the promises of God. The resolution was briefly seconded by Mr S E LEES, M.L.A., who referred to the noble men who had been connected with the society in former years, such as Revs John Eggleston, Stephen Rabone James Watkin, and Benjamin Chapman He trusted that the missionary spirit would be awakened afresh The Rev G Brown was trusted and honoured by all sections of the Church, and he hoped he would be well and practically supported Rev W G LAWES, of New Guinea, moved the second resolution " That this meeting expresses its satisfaction that the claims of the society upon the liberality and support of all who profess to be followers of the Lord Jesus, 5th in these colonies and in our mission sisters, are still so fully recognised and admitted It expresses its deep sympathy with the churches in Fiji and Samoa in the financial and other difficulties which they have had to encounter, and its gratitude to God for the many proofs of self-sacrifice and zeal which they have given in sending out so many devoted men and women from their own land as missionaries and teachers to the New Britain and other groups " He said that among all the ceremonies and functions of the past week, he had been sorry to hear so little of the evan- gelisation of the islands adjacent to Australia, which were so closely associated with the future of Australia. The islands discovered by Captain Cook had been in the main brought under the influence of Christianity, and at their very doors they had seen some of the greatest triumphs of the Gospel But they had to look at the great subject of work yet to be done in a few months the sovereignty of Great Britain would be proclaimed over the southern part of New Guinea, and the inhabitants of that part would become their fellow-subjects, so that they had the closest possible association with the work now being done amongst them. He had found the natives of New Guinea friendly, as missionaries nearly always found native races to be until spoiled by contact with unscrupulous whites No European life had ever yet been taken at or near a mission station in New Guinea The natives were industrious, as far as industry was needed with them. They were not deficient in intellectual capacity, shrewd and quick, and they had introduced a commercial language in which the intercourse of people for several hundreds of miles around was carried on They were, of course, intensely superstitious, and believed that epidemics were introduced by strangers especially of a different race, I and the power exercised over them by medicine men was almost unbelievable Still these superstitions had often yielded to the power of an American tomahawk Human life was held of little value, but cannibalism was only partially prevalent They believed in nothing but the simple power of the Gospel to reach and elevate these people They were often told that they should civilise them before trying to Christianise them, and he should be glad to welcome the agents of non-Christian philanthropic societies endeavouring to do this, but, so far, those who held this theory did not try to put it into practice But there were various ways of trying to accomplish their missionary work If the natives did not much appreciate lengthy preaching, they could appreciate a life of kindness, goodness, and Christy charity The climate was a serious obstacle to the evangelisation of the country by foreigners, and they had to depend principally upon native agency The native teachers had evinced considerable aptitude, and were now doing good work As to results they had a good deal to show, but the best results were such as could not be put into statistics There were things that they could feel the value of, but could not reduce to figures Christian light and truth were spreading, and Christianity was proving itself in New Guinea and New Britain to be possessed of the same power it had exerted in early ages, and in more favoured lands Their greatest hindrance was want of faith, and the corresponding feebleness of effort They needed to multiply their agencies More Christian brain and muscle were required for carrying on their work, and he asked that the resolution would be so earned as that it would be a stepping stone to bring them nearer to God, and more in sympathy with earnest missionary work. The Rev A J WEBB, late of Fiji, seconded the resolution He referred to the work done in Tonga, Samoa, New Britain, and New Guinea, and to the labours of the Rev. W. G. Lawes and Rev J Chalmers He had seen wonders When he went to Fiji, he had been asked, what good can you do with those people? But after being there some years the question took another turn, and it was asked, How has such good been done with this people ? Baron Hubner and naval officers had put this question, and he could only reply that it was because they believed in the Holy Ghost and His regenerating power they found the Fijians to be an intellectual race, who could reason, who grasp truth, and were largely gifted with imagination They were original thinkers and good debaters They had power to perceive truth, and they were able to see the beauty of the truth of the Gospel, and to grasp it They were a people possessed of souls, and the soul of the Fijian heard the Gospel, and took to it. The Fijian recognised that he had the right to rise into truth, into punts, into Christ, and the result was that under the influence of the Holy Ghost the Fijian had been raised mentally and spiritually The next resolution was moved by the Rev. C STEAD, seconded by the Rev. J. E. MOULTON, as follows " That the thanks of this meeting are due, and are hereby presented, to the board of management, the general treasurers, the general secretary, and the auditors, for the valuable services they have rendered to the society in the direction and management of its affairs, to the treasurers and secretaries of the auxiliary and branch societies, and to the collectors and contributors to the funds of the Australasian Wesleyan Mission " The Rev Dr KELYNACK moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman. This was seconded by Rev W. G R. STEPHENSON, and carried by acclamation. A collection was taken up for the society's funds, and a considerable sum was realised 