PARTNERS: AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY A. "WERNER-I. CContimted from Saturday's issue.) TUE light from a lamp iuside the house fell on Scott as he came up the steps, throwing his fea tares into full relief. They could see the look that came into them as his eyes sought Carey, even while greeting the others. Carey was to him-not only the friend to whom his soul clave, as Jonathan's to David-but home, and country, and family ties kinsfolk and acquaintance all in one. "I was kept up at Cameron's, Art.," he began and stopped, aware of a sudden constraint in the air. Arthur Carey was not even looking at him. None of the others spoke-only James Melville came forward and shook hands with him, and re- mained standing at his side. "Why, Care}', what's the matter? Is anything wrong with the stock ? It's all right up at Cam- eron's ; I stayed to make sure. We-" There must be something else in this chilling silence. Why did Carey keep his face resolutely turned away? "Do speak somebody," he began, trying to treat it as a joke, when he saw that Mac- lagan, whom he approached in stepping forward, drew1 away from him with a look of haughty disgust. Something strnck to his heart like ice, and he knew what had come. He tried to say something again, but the words stuck in his throat. "I say, Scott !" It was Bannerman who spoke. I cannot tell what impelled him, unless it was sheer love of mischief, like tbat of the boy who fired the powder-barrel "to:see what it would look like." "Didyou happen to know a Mr. Richard Young, of Mangana, when you wore in Yan Diemen-?" Alec Scott caught his breath with a great gasp, and turned ashy white, and swayed on his feet, and would have fallen if James Melville had not held him up. Bannerman looked ashamed and fright- ened at what he had done, especially when he felt himself seized in the iron grip of Nine-Lives-John stone's right hand, and shaken like a rat, while be- ing curtly bidden to hold his tongue. But no one else noticed him. "See here, Scott," said Gifford speaking with about as much animation as before, "we just want to know whether it's true you've been a lag in Van Diemen?" He did not protest, or question, or refuse to an ,,.. swer, he only bowed hi3 head, and said, with the cold drops standing on his forehead, "It is." He \- spoke so low that they could not all hear him. ¡He ., looked up, and saw Arthur Carey standing watch- ing him» with a face as white as his own. " Speak, will you ?" he cried hoarse with passion, "and say, once for all, whether this is true or not !" " It is. I was wrong not to tell you. I-" \- " You've deceived me !" thundered Carey. " You let mc treat you as my friend, you went about as if you'd never forfeited the rights of an honest man ! You know, well " enough that if I had known who you'were jqpu'd never have been here." He answered not a word, only he lifted his eyes to James . Melville's with a look of dumb agony in them that went to that true man's heart. George Mattison came up onHhe other side, and slipped his arm through Alec's, and spoke out boldly "Idon't believe it Alec-not if you tell me so . :; .yourself. Or at any rate, you got it by mistake. .You weren't guilty!" ' * ? He threw back his head and struggled to get his breath. . . . ? - .. "Yes, I was. I was tried for forgery in London fourteen years ago. I KB* guilty.,' \- There was the same terrible stillness again. Then Alec said slowly "I suppose-we must part-" i " You can go when you like-the sooner the -bet- ter-only I can't be bothered with settling accounts , to-night," said Carey, fiercely., Alec stood perfectly still for a minute or two, then he looked up quickly as if about to speak, but stopped himself, and turned to go into the house. . James Melville held out his hand to him, and said, sadly, "Good night ;" and Alec answered in a low \ voice, "God bless you!" George Mattison had ; slipped away. Alec found him presently at the' foot \- the stairs, sobbing as if his heart would break. "Try to forget me," he said, as the boy threw himself on his.neck. "It's-a miserable business but ifs my fault-I haven't acted rightly by Carey. There, good-bye." "Don't ask me that ! How could I forget yon, Alec? ,Bnt you're not going away ?" "Hush ! I must. There's no other way." " But don't say good-bye now ! I'll see you to- morrow." "Nb, George-you'll never see me again." "Alec!" with a fresh sob-"you don't mean thatV "What?"* "You wouldn't kill yourself?" "No, not that. I am wretched enough, but it would not be right. But you must not see me again. Good-bye, I must go." And, with gentle force, he unlocked the lad's arms from about him, and, with one last hand-clasp, was gone. He went up to his room-their room-the one they shared, as thoy had shared tent and slab-hut before. Everything was as he had left it two days before ; it was like going back to another world his worl that lay in ruins around him. There was his gun hanging ou the wall, and the shelf with his books above his bcd, and Carey's stock-whip stand- ing in the corner, and the new, as yet untried, saddle on the floor beside it, aub all his belongings scattered about in the old way. It all looked so matter-of-course that he almost wondered for an instant whether he would not wake up and find he had been in some horrible nightmare. He dropped on his knees by the bedside and hid his .'. face, too crushed and stunned to cry out, or sob, or think, or pray-otherwise than to murmur, help- lessly, over and over again, " 0, God ! 0, God !" like a man iu mortal agony. He hardly knew what had happened to him-he liad no power to recollect clearly what it was-only that all the light had gone out of his life for over ; and he wished he might die as he lay there, for he had no strength left to him. But this could not be. He remembered that Carey would be coming up by and by. and, what- ever happened, he must not find him there. No, he must get away before then ; he did not know how or whither. He did not care what became of him. He had no plan or purpose, but the one idea that beat all else out of hi's brain-to get away. He found the small old leather bag-the same that had been strapped to Firebrand's saddle, con- taining all his possessions-the day they^ first met. Was it for this he had kept it ever since? Ho packed a few things into it with feverish haste¡ and yet in a dazed sort of way. He asked himself whither his mts were going, when he had to think for several minutes where to find a thing that lay nnder his very hand, or to sit holding his revolver, and helplessly wondering how to charge it. It would not do-this must be shaken off-his time was getting short, for already he had heard some of the guests ride ¿way, and the others would soon be coming upstairs. He collected his thoughts by an effort of will, finished his packing, and then sat ¡ down to write a letter, with whirling brain, and shaking hand. "Oh, Arthur! Arthur!" He had held \ip till it was finished and closed, then he dropped his head on the table, and wept for the first time-a terrible thing to see and hear if any had been by, but he was all alone. But that gave him back his strength, and he buckled on his belt, and took bis "swag" in hand, and slipped downstairs and out at the back door, taking the nearest way to the Bush. IL _ Carey went np to bed in no very enviable frame of mihd. He was angry with himself. Alec, and everyone else-with himself most of all-and therefore, he blamed everyone but himself. James Melville had said to him aside, at parting. "Take care what yon're about, or you'll be sorry for it." Johnstone, who had intended to sleep at Gurragong, had suddenly remarked " Good-night. I'm going," and announced his determination to ride with Jame? Melville. And, having mounted, he said not aside "Tell you what, Carey, you're a God-forsaken idiot if you quarrel with him." He found himself alone with Gifford and Ban- nerman, who were going to stay. They all tacitly agreed, for a while, to pretend that nothing had happened, and made attempts to keep up a conver- sation, but the effort was exhausting ; the uncom- fortable silences grew longer and longer, till at last Gifford observed that, for his part, he had to be off at 0 to-morrow, and he had done a good bit of riding that day ; and the session broke up. Carey saw them to their rooms, and walked, raging, up and down in the garden, for a full hour longer, unable to make up his mind to go upstairs and face the man who had wronged him, as he put it to himself.; or whom he had wronged, as he felt in his heart of hearts would be the truer way of put- ting it. At last he shook; himself together, saying angrily that he was not a. fool, that it must be done," and that most likely the fellow would be asleep by this time ; and slunk upstairs like a guilty creature. He did not take a candle, and hurried into bed withoutoncelookingtowards Alec's side of the room, determined to give him no excuse for speaking, and anxious to get to sleep as quickly as possible to escape it. Of course sleep, thus eagerly sought foi, refused to come, but as he lay, fearing to show, even by the movement of an eye- lid, that he was awake, the stillness of the room did not strike him as unnatural, for he imagined Alec doing the same. By and by, the very tension of nerve and brain, concentrated on one object, lulled bim to sleep before he was aware-the heavy dreamless sleep dear to those who want to forget. He awoke in the morning with a confused sense of loss and misery. Sitting up, he saw that he was alone, and the other bed had nut been elept in, and that there was a letter lying on the table. He sprang up, and tore it open with trembling fingers. Afterwards he was able to read and understand it clearly- the story of the sudden temptation and fall long ago-bitterly repented and cruelly expi- ated-of the years of hideous, unspeakable suffer- ing. "I think I should have been a devil long ago-only I saw and dreaded that from thc very first, and cried to God with all my strength to keep me from that, though I perished. " There were not many sentences like that ; for the moat part it was a bare enumeration of facts and dates, correspond- ing, on the whole, with what Gifford had said ; and at the end-"Yon were right. It was a dis- honorable act to keep it from you. Bnt at first when I thought we were together only for a few days-it was hard to set you against me, and it seemed as if it could do no harm ; and then-you can fancy how a drowning man wonld feel if you told him he must cut the rope you had just thrown him? I missed my chance of telling you that night when you asked me to join you on the run, and after that I had not strength to do it. Each day made it harder, and each day I thought it would be easier in the future. It was so hard to lose the only friend I had. Oh ! Arthur Carey, I shall never see you again in this life, so surely I may say it-you never will, never can, know what you have been to me- what you are still, and will be till I die. (The last line or two was scored out again.) God keep you-always I " ALEX. SCOTT." Then-a blurred and blotted afterthought-" It is my real name. I never gave you any other." Now he held it in his hand, and stared at the words that conveyed no sense to his mind beyond the one idea that Alec was gone. He flung on his clothes and hurried downstairs. He found he had slept later than he had intended. Gifford had already left, leaving a message to the effect that he knew Carey had been up late, and did not wish to disturb him. None of the men had seen Alec leave the house. Firebrand, the horse he always rode, was still in the paddock, and none of the otners had been taken ont. He' went np to Bannerman's -room, and found him only just awake. He sat down on the edge of the bed with a ghastly face. " Bannerman-he's gone." " What ?- Scott ?" Eaid the irrepressible Banner- man. " Has he taken the silver spoons with him 1 Good gracious," Carey, how .awfully ill you look I I didn't mean that.' I beg yönr pardon 1" " Bead that 1" said Carey, grimly, tossing him the letter, " and then perhaps you'll feel like joking." Bannerman did read-and when he had finished he turned away and hid his face in the pillow. " I wish I'd been shot before I'd Baid what I did! I didn't think. . . . Hang it, Carey, don't sit there and Etare at a fellow !" Carey was not staring : he was not even think- ing of Bannerman just then, but he did not resent the accusation. . " None of them saw him go, and the horses are all there. He must have gone before I went up stairs." " Where could he have gone ?" "I don't know. His gun's there still. He dosen't seem to have taken anything with him, unless it's a, few clothes, and that old six-shooter he had when he came. Everything else is left just as it was. What's that ?" There seemed to be a sort of altercation outside, and then a heavy step.lumbered along the passage, and the door was unceremoniously flung open by a red-shirted stockman, who, without previous salu- tation, thrust something into Carey's hand with the remark-" Found that in thc paddock by Half- way Bush this morning. It ain't mine. Thought it might be one of yours, but when I got in they said-" It was one of Alec's spurs ; Carey recognised it at once, for he remembered his getting the new pair the last time they were in the township together. "He didn't take them off after he came in, I suppose. He left Firebrand at thc gate, and came straight into the verandah, and afterwards-where did you say you found it ?" he said to the man " which side of Half-Way Bush ?" " This side-just before you get into the scrub." Carey and Bannerman looked at each other, with the same fear in their eyes. "Great Godl" skid the reckless-rider of the Dandenong, with his face as white as the sheet, "he's gone to the Bush !" Carey sprang up fiercely. " What are you wait- ing there for ? Go and tell Dick to saddle Fire- brand at once-or the grey, if he isn't up to a long day's work. look sharp now." " What are you going to do, Carey ?" " Bide after him, of course, what else ?" " I'll come with yon, then, shall I ?" " Well, J don't particularly want you." "Now, look here, Carey, that's nonsense ; it's no good your going alone to get yourself bushed too. I'll come, and I think you'd better send over and let Melville and Johnstone know." ""I don't want the whole colony," said Carey, angrily, but added, relenting, as he left the room, " Well-I might send to those too." His thoughts had already turned to James Melville of them- selves. Two days passed, and no trace of Aleo Scott. Melville and Johnstone had joined the search, and so had young Mattison-broken-hearted at the thought of his hero lying dead alone in the Bush. It was the evening of the third day.. James Mel- ville and Carey had separated from the rest, to in- quire, without much hope of success, at the most distant of the Gurragong huts, which lay somewhat out of their course, leaving the others to follow the creek, where they fancied they had found traces. As they neared the hut they saw a man come out of the door, stand watching for a little while, and and then run down to meet them. " Are you looking for Mr. Scott ?" he said. " What do you know about him ?" . "He's np there," _said the hut-keeper, jerking his head in the direction. ' " Is anything the matter?" asked James Melville, seeing that he hesitated. " He's-I think he's got the fever. I don't know-" " Stay here," said Melville, taking hold of Carey's inn. " Let me go in first." " No," said Carey, almost shaking him off. I nust see him I" and he dismounted and went into ;he hut. The hut-keeper laid his hand on James Melville's addle, as if to keep him back for a minute. " I'm glad the boss has come," he said, in a low, choked voice. " He'd have died if he hadn't. His heart's just broken." " Did he tell you-anything ?" "No-not he. But he's been talking silly ever since this morning. I can't make head or tail of it, but I could see there was some trouble on his mind, and he keeps calling out for the boss, and talking about him, and saying he's lost him, and shall never see him again. And"-lowering his voice-" it's mighty queer, bnthe says a deal about Macquarie Harbour and Van Diemen at times." "Well, you know men will say the strangest things. When did he come here ?" Yesterday afternoon. My mates hadn't come in yet, and I was just beginning to think of getting the dinner ready, when I see a man limping along through the scrub, and when he came up, it was Mr. Scott, bnt I shouldn't have known him, with his shirt torn to ribbons, and looking as if he hadn't eaten or slept the last week. He could hardly crawl, and he asked me for any sak« could I give him a drop of anything to drink. I gave him some tea, and he drank it as if he couldn't get enough, bnt wonldn't touch a bit of food. I asked him shoold I let Mr. Carey know where he was, for I thought he'd lost himself, and I knew he couldn't ride home alone, and he looked np sort of scared, and cried out, ' No, no ; whatever you do don't do that !' Then he laughed in a queer sort of way, ' Oh ! I forgot ; you don't know I'm leaving Gurra- gong !' and then he dropped his head on his knees, and cried like a girl. 1 just thought he'd lost hit wits, as they do sometimes in the bush. Me and my mates, when they came home, we got him to bed, and made him as comfortable as we could. But he didn't sleep all night, and was very bad, though he didn't complain. This morning he went off his head, and begau to talk queer, and we sent Jack of to the station to tell Mr. Carey; so I thought maybe you'd met him." They went in. Carey was kneeling beside a bed place, where lay something that might have been the ghost or caricature of the Alec Scott who rode up to the Gurragong Station three days ago. He was white, and wasted, and hollow-eyed- too weak almost to move his head on the pillow-but he was awake and conscious, and smiled faintly up in Carey's face. " Alec ! Alec ! forgive me 1" whispered Arthur. " I take it all back-every word-only forgive me -don't leave me I 0, Alec 1 you must not die !" A look of distress came into Alec's dark eye3 ; he seemed to be trying to speak. Arther Carey bent his head lower-lower. "It is-trne-I dreamt, Gifford-or someone had told you-and now-1 shall have to tell you myself-I mustn't stay-with you-" " No, no, my dear old fellow-it was no dream. Would to God it was 1 I know all about it, and no one shall ever say a word to you-only don't leave me I" " Do you mean-you know it-about Van Diemen -and-this 1" His eyes turned towards his right hand-he was too weak to life it. The shirt- sleeve had slipped back, and Carey saw on his wrist-showing clearly on bleached skin and wasted muscle-a glazed, dis- coloured line-a scar, like the mark from a fetter. He had never seen, or never noticed it, before. And now carried away by his shame, and love, and self-abhorrence, he took the hand in his, and touched it reverently with his lips. " Everything-everything, Alec I-how you suff- ered, and how nobly you have lived it down-and the cruel, dastardly way I treated you. Can you erer forgive me ?" "You luton;-and want to-keep me?-Oh ! God '. But-think-your friends-' . " They are not worth to kiss your feet-not those you mean. No one shall say a word against yon. Johnstone told me to my face I'd treated you shamefully. And-there, I mustn't let you talk, you must just rest and get well, and not grieve about anything." He lay back, with a look of utter peace and con- tent, letting his hand rest in Carey's. Be asked him by a look not to take it away. James Melville had withdrawn into the other corner of the hut, to leave them together. Now he \- -heard some one come up to the door, and rising, met face to face with Johnstone. " Hush 1 we've found him," he said softly. They went nearer and looked at him- Johnstone uncov- ering reverently as if he had been going into church. He was lying with closed eyes, seemingly asleep. Nine-Lives Johnstone started as he gazed on him. and, laying his arm round Jame3 Melville's shoulders, whispered in his ear " I know now. I have seen him. He's the man that risked his life trying to save Dick Young's the man that will have a higher place in Heaven than any of us-supposing we get there ! God forgive us all !" The story is done, unless it is necessary to state explicitly that Aleo Scott got well again, and went back to Gurragong, and that the two friends were never parted more in life. Not even though that event came to pass which Bannerman had so confidently prophesied, and a bride came home to Carey's new house-then no longer quite new. She knew Alec Scott's story, fer she wa« George Mattison's sister, and loyally reverenced her hus- band's friend, as the greatest hero she knew of, save one. But before they were married-when one evening Carey told her of the one thing of his life that filled him with shame and misery when he remembered it, and asked her if she could lore him still, she answered, through her tears " Oh ! Arthur, if it hadn't been you, and if I hadn't loved you as I do, I should have-" She never said what. " But we will both make it up to him-if any- thing can." 