T A L E. An Unnoticed Incident. PART I. A BITTER wind was driving the sleet fiercely round all the corners as Mrs. Railton, turning out of Hammersmith road, neared her own door. She was carrying a heavy parcel by the string; her feet were wet, her eyes aching with the cold and the sleet, which had found the weak place between her bonnet and cloak, and would probably give her a very bad sore throat; but Mrs. Railton was not thinking of these things. She was thinking of summer, one summer fifteen years ago. How bright it had been, and how hot, everywhere but in the wood, and even there the breezes had been faint and warm! What glorious colors had lain among the shadows where the foxgloves and thunderflowers grew in crowds. Ah, that was a pleasant place, and she had stood there leaning against a willow by the river, looking up eagerly into the handsome, eager young face bent down to her. She almost heard her own voice saying, 'I am not fit to be your wife, Donald. I am so stupid and so ignorant.' And in answer he had told her that clever men always hated clever women, and that her sweet childishness, her naivety and sim- plicity were dearer to him than all the wisdom in the world. Ah! those were pleasant times, and that was the happiest day of all her life, clouded, perhaps, by a passing fear as she listened to this new lover that Cousin Dennis' might be disappointed, but the cloud only stayed for a moment, for she did not know then how to be unhappy—nothing had ever happened in her life to teach her. Now all these memories were very pleasant, but they were very unwise. It would have been much wiser of Mrs. Railton to think of the washing bills and the water rate, or to plan how she might best disguise the long tear in Kate's ulster and make it down to fit Jane; but then, as her lover had joyously pointed out long ago, Mrs. Railton was not wise, but rather the reverse, and, unfortu- nately, the qualities which had been so charm- ing to the lover then, only served to irritate the husband now. Indeed, it is an unfortunate fact that the men who are the readiest to dispense with cleverness in a pretty girl of seventeen, are the most intolerant of the want of it in a wife of thirty, telling the poor wife—if they happen to meet with a clever girl who will notice them at all—what a relief it is to talk to a woman with a mind! This is puzzling, and bewilders the poor wives as to what is really expected of them, for it is not every one who can regulate her- self to the perfect medium; that is, be clever enough to appreciate her husband,, but not clever enough to criticise him. Mrs. Railton rang the bell, and waited while the one harassed looking servant came from the dim regions below. She heard the noise of the family in the sitting-room at tea. They were in the habit of opening the door to each other, but it did not occur to them to disturb themselves for their mother. Father never did, and why should they? When Mrs. Railton entered the room Kate said, 'Are you wet?' and Jack said, 'Are you hungry?' and then they went back to their previous subject of noisy discussion. There are few things that give one a more unpleasant shock than to come home and find one's place filled, one's wants forgotten. It gives one a foretaste of death, faint, perhaps, but unpleasant. Mrs. Railton looked round the table; no one made way for her. Her husband looked up and said crossly: 'I wish you would try not to be late, Lisa, it sets such a bad example to the children.' Kate rose from the head of the table, say- ing: 'You will have to send for more tea; this is finished.' But neither of them seemed to expect an answer, so Mrs. Railton gave none. She rang the bell, and, while the harassed servant was bringing up some tepid tea and a semi- raw chop, pulled off her damp gloves, and found that her finger, which had been passed under the string of the parcel of books, was bruised and cut. She had not noticed this while her hands were so cold, but it began to ache and smart as she held her fingers to the fire. Mr. Railton went to his armchair and lit his pipe; the children went to the other end of the room and discussed their lessons in undertones. Mrs. Railton attacked her comfortless tea. She was cold, and tired and miserable, and longed, foolishly, for a little sympathy; so she asked for some. 'I have hurt my finger,' said she. 'How did you do it?' said Jane, looking up from her books; but then Jane was al- ways glad, of an exause to look up from her books, so her sympathy did not count for much. 'I was carrying those books for your father, and I never noticed that the string was cutting my finger, because my hand was so cold. Those law books are so heavy.' 'You should have changed to another finger,' said Kate practically. She was a handsome, clever girl, very like her father, and was certainly far too wise ever to hurt herself by doing things for other people. 'Did you say you hurt yourself? Where are the books, by the way?' asked Mr. Railton. 'There! Oh, thank you.' Then as he looked at them he added, fretfully: 'They are all wrong; just as I might have expected.' 'Are they really wrong, Donald ? Oh, what a pity! I was afraid of making mistakes that I gave the list you wrote out to the librarian, and those are what he gave me. I am so sorry they are wrong. 'I might have expected it,' muttered Mr. Railton crossly. 'I wished I had gone my- self, here's a whole evening wasted. I came home early on purpose to read. I might just as well been at the office.' 'I am so sorry,' repeated poor little Lisa. 'So am I,' he said sharply, and leaned moodily against the mantle-piece. 'Are you quite sure they are all wrong, Donald?' 'It is maddening to have a whole evening wasted when I have so few free,' said Mr. Railton testily, ignoring her question. 'Since I can't read, I may as well go out. Kate, if you can manage to dress in twenty minutes I will take you to the theatre.' Kate gladly threw aside her books and ran upstairs. Jane began to struggle with George for the French dictionary. Mrs. Railton was not very much disturbed. She was accustomed to be slighted, but she made a weak protest. 'You should not take her from her lessons, Donald.' 'She can look after her leasons herself. She is never behindhand in her work.' 'You promised to take me one evening, and I think——' 'Oh, that's what you mean, is it, by your anxiety about her lessons? Paul, go up- stairs and tell your sister to come back to her books. Your mother wishes to go instead of her.' Paul, a chubby, stolid boy of eight or nine —considered the clever one of the family be- cause he made the least noise—only opened his mouth and waited. He felt satire in his father's tone and knew he should not have to go on that errand. Poor Lisa felt more miserable than ever. She knew she was being wronged, but she did not know how to state her case. 'I am much too tired to go out,' she said. 'Then you needn't spoil my pleasure by making me think you want to,' snapped her husband. Lisa knew he was not at all likely to disturb his enjoyment by any thoughts of her; but she was just as well, perhaps. Kate called at that instant, to know if she might borrow her mother's corals, and Lisa went upstairs to get them for her and see that she was well wrapped up. Presently a cab was whistled for, and the father and daughter drove off. The Railtons were in tolerably easy circum- stances. The children went to good schools, and Mr. Railton could have afforded a better house and more servants, if he had not pre- ferred to save in that respect, and spend the money in ways pleasanter to himself. If any one had suggested that he ought to make life pleasanter to his wife, he would have re- garded such an idea as sentimental nonsense, declaring that he was an exceedingly good husband, and that Lisa had everything she wanted; and as for housework, that was a woman's duty. 'Want pleasure, indeed! A married woman ought not to want pleasure, she ought to stand aside at her age, and let her girls have the pleasure.' A precept, by the way, he did not dream of applying to himself. Donald Railton was a lawyer—getting on fast, and meaning to get on much faster; but, unfortunately, in his progress he had left the eager lover, who assured sweet little Lisa Grey that her simplicity was the very quality, for which he had chosen her, so far in the past, that now he had not even patience left for his jaded, spiritless wife, and much preferred the company of his sharp, animated daughter, who could understand him, and who never looked into his eyes with the reproachful wistfulness that sometimes made his wife's face so irritating. Mrs. Railton had been sitting by the fire about half an hour, engaged in making a new petticoat for Kate, when the door-bell rang, and the harassed maid appeared an- nouncing: 'A gentleman, ma'am. Shall I show him in the drawing-room, or in here?' 'Why, in here, of course,' said a cheery voice; and next a tall, bearded, bronzed stranger stood in the doorway. 'Cousin Dennis!' 'Cousin Lisa!' 'Oh, Dennis, how tall you have grown!' 'My faith, Lisa; how thin you are!' And these greetings over, Cousin Dennis West came forward into the room and spoke to the children, seated himself by the fire and plunged into conversation. 'Tell me about everything,' he began. 'How is Railton? Getting on like a house on fire, I suppose; and in a fair way to become Attorney-General, or something equally dis- tinguished. And how are you, Lisa? You are as pretty as ever. May a cousin say that, now you are a dignified matron? I remember fifteen year ago, you refused to sing duets with me for a week, because I said something like that.' Mrs. Railton was not so pretty as she was fifteen years ago; but if Cousin Dennis thought so, it was pleasant he should say so in that frank, brotherly tone. She asked what he had been doing all these years. 'Making money, dear; such a lot of money; quite a fortune; and I have come to London to invest it. I am going to ask your husband's advice—he knows everything; he always did know everything. I say, Lisa, do you remem- ber Larne Woods fifteen years ago?' Did she not? Had she not been thinking of it only that evening; though this dear, kind Cousin Dennis had held but a small place in her thoughts. 'What a cub I was then!' went on Cousin Dennis. 'And how Railton sat on me, and you, too! You despised me because I was three months younger than you and very pro- perly, too. What an exhibition I made of myself, and how you must have laughed at me!' 'I was so young,' said Lisa, for she could not deny having joined in Railton's laughter, though in her heart she was sorry for the poor petulant boy who had taken her engagement to the handsome young lawyer so bitterly to heart. 'Yes,' laughed Dennis, 'I was three months your junior; that was the offence. You called it a year—you remember—because your seven- teenth birthday had passed a week before, and I was still only sixteen. But it is only three months, you know. Well, Lisa, you will be glad to hear that I very soon got over my disappointment; indeed I have had a good many more since. I say, Lisa, now I look at you again, you don't look half so well as I thought you did. Have you been ill?' It was true. Now the flush of pleasure and surprise had faded from her face, she looked as she generally did, ill and worn. She murmured something about being overtired this after- noon. 'You are, indeed, I can see,' he said, 'and you are sitting in an uncomfortable chair all this while. He jumped up and looked round the room. 'Here, youngster move out of that,' and disturbing the stolid Paul from a low folding-chair he brought it round to the fire, installed Lisa, in it, brought her a footstool and a screen, and then reseating himself went on pouring out reminiscences, while Paul stood by with his mouth wider open than ever. Their talk was all about the time long ago when Lisa was a merry light-hearted girl, the happiest in a happy home, with father, mother, brothers and cousin all ready to pet her; when life seemed one long holiday, and time was reckoned by skating expeditions and hay- making and nut-gathering. 'And the piano, Lisa—the dear old piano. Do you remember our duets on it? Can you still play the barrel-organ with three notes missing? Do you remember 'Garryowen'?— our own arrangement, when I played the air down in the bass, and we made it sound so gloriously inebriated? Could you play it now?' 'Let's go upstairs and try. Is there a fire, children?' Jane said, 'No, there isn't.' 'Never mind, we can light it,' said Dennis. 'Do you remember when we got up at 4 o'clock to gather mushrooms, and never went further than the kitchen fire? We lighted it, you know, to cook some breakfast, and then sat, making toast and drinking coffee, until we fell asleep, and didn't wake up until cook came down-stairs to make the regular breakfast.' They had gone, upstairs while he was speak- ing, and Lisa lit the gas, and was about to put a match to the fire which, after the manner of second-rate households, was ready laid. Cousin Dennis said: 'Allow me,' and took the matches from her, noticing the hurt finger as he did so. 'Why what is this, Lisa?' 'Nothing, nothing at all.' 'Yes, it is. How have you hurt it?' 'It is nothing; only carrying heavy books.' 'Why, Lisa, since when have you taken to reading 'heavy books'? And were you so anxious to improve your mind that you damaged your fingers?' It impressed the children vaguely that their mother did not say the books were not for her- self; they would have said so in a moment and got all the sympathy they could. Their mother got sympathy enough, however, even on the misunderstanding that she had hurt herself in her own service. Cousin Dennis dispatched Paul for vaseline, and Jane for an old handkerchief, and made just as much fuss over mother's little ailment as mother would have made over one of them. This astonished the children completely; and all the evening, while Lisa talked and laughed like a girl over old, by-gone jokes and by-gone scrapes and adventures, they crowded round her to listen, with a respect for her unknown before. Mr. Railton, when told of Dennis West's arrival, remembered him faintly as a forward boy, whom he had very properly put down, but did not take enough interest in him to be pleased or displesed at his reappearance until he heard about the money. Then he was pleased, naturally; the mere novelty of the thing was delightful. In these hard times we are so much likelier to meet with people who want to raise money than people who want to invest it. So he made Dennis welcome to his house, and gave him a great deal of very useful advice. Dennis had a good deal of money, as he had said, but it was scattered at random over the globe. Wherever in his restless life he had happened to acquire money, he had invested it on the spot it concerns good, bad, or indifferent. The good investments Mr. Railton advised him to leave alone. The bad were to be called in at once—even at a loss—but the indifferent were to be dealt with cautiously. The most extensive among the latter were in Mergui, and it was settled be- tween the two men that West should go out again presently, fortified by a great deal of advice from Railton, to dispose of them satisfactorily. Meanwhile, Dennis West went often to the little house in Upton street, and the oftener he went the less he liked it. Not only because on a nearer acquaintance he found Donald Railton to be narrow-minded, selfish, and contradictious, but because he saw Lisa incessantly worried and slighted, and had to see it in silence. Oh, I had once a true love, Now I have a very ill-tempered husband, And I had three braw brithers, but I hae tint them a'. My father and my mither sleep in the mold this day. I sit me lane—in the midst of a house full of unattractive and intractible childern. Dennis hummed this very free adaptation of one of Lisa's songs one afternoon in March, as he walked toward Upton-street. Poor Lisa! Once the spoiled darling of a happy home, now the tired drudge of an inconsid- erate household. He could not see how she could possibly have any pleasure in living. Dennis West was a naturally light-hearted man who had never realised that the greater part of mankind has no pleasure in living. He thought of his poor little cousin's troubles as something exceptionally sad and terrible; to-day, as he neared Lisa's door, he was thinking that, if he did not make haste and get away to Mergui, he must have a big row with Railton, and tell what he thought of him. He rang the bell and waited patiently, for it often took the harassed servant some time to disengage herself from the mysteries below and put on a clean apron. But presently it dawned on him that, as he was not expected, the family might be out. Then it occurred to him that on such a fine afternoon everybody might be in the garden. So he walked round to the end of the road and up the lane at the back, counting the shabby brown doors until he found the right number. The door stood open, showing the narrow strip of damp garden. Dennis looked eagerly forward to see if any one was in it, but before he could see he could hear. Only the old story, some- thing had gone wrong, and Lisa was being scolded and sneered at before the children. 'You should have had the children ready in time, and been ready yourself. I won't wait. We have missed one train already. We ought to be there now.' 'It is very unkind of you to leave me be- hind.' 'It is your own fault. You had better come by the next train.' 'I will not come alone on a visit, and let every one see how my husband treats me.' Dennis moved away quickly, partly because he knew what bitter words would follow Lisa's indignant speech, and he did not want to hear them, and partly because he knew the shortest way to the railway station was through the back garden, and he did not wish Railton to see him. He might change his mind, and stop at home, and Dennis did not want that now; he wanted to see Lisa, and cheer her a little if he could. He heard a noisy party troop out he gave them time to turn round the corner, and then he entered at the gate. Lisa stood alone in the garden, the early spring light falling round her, seeming to mock the big tears on her face Her surrounding were not poetic. The little trim rows of cabbage plants and carrots were sprouting feebly on each side of her. The damp mould of the path, sprinkled stingily with a few ungainly pebbles, looked dull and squalid in the afternoon light; in the back- ground, the harassed servant was languidly shaking a duster out of a bed room window. Dennis stood in the doorway looking at Lisa. She had on a big print apron, and it was rather dirty; her hair was untidy, her face tired and flushed, very possibly it was somewhat dirty, too. But Dennis West did not see all this—he only saw that, standing there, she suddenly put up her hands to her face and broke into helpless, hopeless, tears; then she turned without seeing him and went into the house, her head bent, her shoulders shaking with sobs. And seeing this, Dennis was filled with an overmastering pity. It was true—as he had taken pains to make her understand—he had quite overcome old boyish love; but he had not forgotten his friendship for the play- mate of his childhood, nor his gratitude to her father and brothers—who had been brothers and a father to him—and for friend- ship's sake, and for gratitude, he would do what he could for Lisa now. He could not do much; he could not change her husband into an ideal lover; he could not reform her children, nor plant groves of trees all down Upton street to improve the pros- pect; but he could at least get there oftener than ever to cheer her up He could talk over old times with her, play over old tunes, keep her husband in good temper and prevent the children from, plaguing her, at least one evening every week; and he would do so, even if he had to let the Mergui property go to ruin. He waited about half an hour, and then went round to the front of the house and asked for Lisa. He found her patient and sweet as ever, ready with conventional excuses for her husband's absence, and not a sign of anger or discontent on her face, and finding this, his pity and veneration for her grew all the deeper. Dennis not being married, there is no means of judging what sort of a husband he would have made himself; but there is no limit to one man's indignation when another man neglects his wife. Indeed, however indif- ferent a man may be toward his wife, one wonders that, if only for policy, he does not conceal it before other men. The sight of a slighted wife invariably raises all that is noble and chivalrous in an onlooker, and a friend- ship founded on chivalrous devotion on one side and gratitude on the other, is about the most dangerous friendship that can exist between a married woman and a man not her husband. It assails her on her weakest and most woman- ly side—the need of protection. It enlists all his best qualities on the side of wrong- doing, until while she thinks she is only grate- ful and she only means to be generous, they drift past all help. When Dennis thought everything over that night, and his own mind reaffirmed his unspoken resolution to remain in London for the sake of rendering poor little Lisa's life as beatable as possible, he went to sleep with an easy mind, utterly unconscious that any practical, person would have told him that none but a fool or a knave would have made such a resolution. Part II. The spring and summer and autumn had passed monotonously, but more pleasantly, to Lisa than any time since the first few months of her marriage. It was winter now again, just a year since Dennis West had dropped so unexpectedly into her life, and in all that year his friendship and never failed her. He was away just now—something had gone wrong with business affairs, and he had been spending the past week or two in looking after them. It was cold, bright, frosty weather now and Mr. Railton, who was certainly a hard- working man, was talking advantages of one of his rare holidays to give his family a day's skating. The children were al mustered in the hall, and Mr. Railton was looking them over to see if they were in every respect fit to go out with him. 'Lisa, look at that child's gloves.' Lisa looked. 'Put on her best gloves to-day, Paul!' 'I haven't got any best.' 'Yes, dear, you have. Where are they? I bought you a pair a fortnight ago.' So she had; but Jane had been surrepi- tiously wearing them to school every day, and this was the result. 'I haven't any but these,' Paul said stolidly, with a hazy motion that either he or Jane was in for a row, and that it had better be he, because Jane was only a girl. 'You naughty boy, you know I bought you a new pair. Where are they?' 'There, there, don't scold the poor child and spoil his day,' said Mr. Railton fretfully. 'I really think you might try to have the children decently dressed when I am going to take them out.' So it was mother who was in for the row after all. Well, mother was always in rows; still it seemed rough on mother that she should be scolded because they had not obeyed her. When they reached Regent's Park, they found the ice bearing, and a good many skaters. The frost had not lasted long, and the Humane Society was in full force with all its apparatus. The sight of the ropes and ladders startled Lisa, and she timidly suggested that they should inquire which was the shallowest part. The shallowest part 'how- ever proved to be also the most crowded; so Mr. Railton decided to try elsewhere, where only a few skaters were disporting themselves, aud ten minutes later they were on the ice. There is nothing like violent exercise for driving away low spirits, and there is no evercise more delightful than skating—so slight a motion of the muscles sends this heavy body, which drags so wearily on foot, flying lightly along, the fresh wind blowing in the face, the warm blood dancing and racing through all one's veins, in the intense enjoyment of motion with the fatigue of motion. We rise to the level of a bird when skating only Mercury-like, our wings are on our feet. Before long Mrs. Railton was enjoying herself thoroughly, and Mr. Railton laughing happily with the children. The children skated well and did not need to he dragged about which was fortunate, for Lisa would certainly have done most of the dragging and, as it was, she was in a fair way to spend the after- noon very pleasantly indeed. She watched her tall stylish daughter skating about with her father, and thought how well they looked together. So did the younger ones as they dashed about in couples. Lisa was the odd one of the party; but it did not occur to her to let that trouble her. Fresh people kept coming on the ice. She enjoyed watching almost as much as skat- ing. Presently, as she stood at the further end of the pond, her husband and children came skating towards her; they stopped as they neared her, and for a few moments they all stood in o group watching the rest of the skaters. A stalwart couple, both about six feet high, came skating clumsily, but happily, along, wavered, clutched wildly at each other, and fell. A few good natured people rushed forward to assist them, when there was heard a resonant crack, and a long white line shot across the entire width of the pond. There was a chorus of 'Ohs'—half laughter and half fear—and a general stampede for the shore. Mr. Railton was one of the first to move, but in a second, he recollected, stopped, hesitated, then seized Kate in one hand, Paul in the other and made for the bank, calling to the others to come on. Lisa stood breathless. She had seen the pause, the consideration—'Which shall I save'—and that she had been left, and the sight took away all desire and power to move. Next second, two strong arms seized her shoulders, and she was hurled, rather than drawn, into safety. Every one stood silent on the bank, waiting to see the water bubble up through the crack. They did not see it. The ice looked as strong and as safe as ever, and presently people began to realize this and to feel foolish. Lisa heard a low, jolly laugh, and, looking up at her rescuer, saw a big, black bearded man who took off his hat and began apolo- gizing for his unnecessary roughness. 'No danger whatever; the ice is just settling down. I suppose you knew that and so didn't move. I thought you were too frightened to stir, and so I just shot you off, I hope I didn't hurt you; but I saw you were quite alone, and it took the disgrace off my own flight to rescue somebody.' He laughed again and started on the ice once more, followed by several others. 'I say, he thought mother was alone!' said Paul. 'If the ice had broken, and you hadn't got wet, I should have been glad he was there, wouldn't you, father?' No one seemed disposed to follow Paul into these abstracted speculations. Mr. Railton changed the subject abruptly, saying: 'Nonsence; don't let a little crack like that frighten you. Come along.' Mr. Railton, was, perhaps just a little ashamed of himself and that made his tone all the harsher. 'I do not care to come.' 'You can't stand about all alone in the cold. If you won't skate, you had better go home.' 'I will go. Tell the children I am tired. I need not ask you to take care of them.' 'I am sorry you are tired. Mind and take a good rest when you get home,' and he skated after the children round the corner, leaving her on the bank. A sudden turn brought bearded rescuer to her. He saw her struggling with her skates and stopped. A look of good-natured remorse overspread his handsome, kindly face, as he noticed her colorless lips and trembling hands. 'Going? Let me take your skates off, and let me apologize again. I can see I frightened you, though the crack didn't. Perhaps I hurt you, but we never have any ice in Ireland, so I don't understand it, and I really thought there was danger, and, as you were alone—Pray do not be angry with me.' He changed his sentence, because he saw that for some reason his words troubled her, and supposed that she resented his addressing her a second time; though, indeed, the veriest prude living could not have taken offence at his frank, impersonal manner. Lisa left a sudden rush of emotion to think only a stranger should care to deprecate her anger. 'Indeed, I am not angry. I am very much obliged to you.' 'Then I hurt you. You are looking as white as a ghost.' 'No, not at all; indeed no, only I am tired, and not very well, so I am going home. Thank you,' as he gave her her skates neatly strapped together, and she made an effect to look strong and independent as she walked up the low, steep bank. 'One moment,' he said. She turned. 'I'm waiting for my wife,' he said, 'but she won't scold me for making her wait when I tell her what I have been doing. You must let me see you home or at least to the station.' 'Oh, thank you no, it is not in the least necessary.' 'Not in the least,' said another voice. 'It seems I am come just in time to be of use, Lisa.' 'Oh, Dennis, I am so glad to see you back again.' 'That's all right, then,' said the stranger cheerfully, 'can leave, you with a easy con- science.' 'Thank you, very much,' said Lisa. The stranger waited just a second be- cause, if the new-comer were the lady's brother or husband, it was only natural he would want to make some acknowledgment of his attention to her; and such was the frank cheerfulness of his manner that Dennis found himself instinctively murmuring some indistinct courtesy. Then he and Lisa walked toward the gate in silence. Presently Lisa said: 'Don't you think he must be rather a nice husband?' 'Who?' 'Why, he; the gentleman who took off my skates. I was tired, and wanted to go home, and couldn't manage the straps.' 'Didn't Donald know you wanted to go home?' 'Yes, of course I didn't go without telling him; but he was at the other side of the pond. I dare say he didn't know I was go- ing just at that moment.' Poor Lisa! between her sense of discom- fort at what she took for a rebuke in Dennis' tone, and her dislike of explaining her hus- band's neglect, she spoke very lamely. But she was mistaken. The disapproval was not for her, for Dennis had reached the bridge a moment before the ice cracked, and had seen and understood the whole incident. 'I dont think it was exactly proper,' she said, 'but he only meant to be kind, because he saw, I mean, thought, I was alone.' 'You were alone,' said Dennis abruptly. 'When I am not with you you are always alone, when will the others come back?' 'Oh, not until late; they were going to a little party after the skating. I had forgot- ten that.' And she remembered that no one had re- called it to her mind, or asked her if she would join them when she was rested. They walked on in silence to the Maryle - bone-road; as they crossed it a sickly, hideous column of smoke rushed up through one of the ventilators of the underground railway. 'Oh dear,' she said, taking a deep breath of the clear frosty air, 'we have to go down that to get home.' 'We are not going home,' said Dennis, 'quietly, 'we are going somewhere, anywhere, it does not matter; a picture gallery will do.' 'I think I should like it,' said Lisa, hesi- tating. 'I am not wanted at home, the children will not be back until the evening; and Donald will be quite late, and a picture gallery will be such a pleasant change.' 'That it,' sad Dennis shortly. 'It's time you had a change.' They walked walked on, on through the streets until they reached the gallery; but when they reached it Dennis led her past all the pictures to a quiet seat, and signed her to sit down. She looked up surprised. 'We came here to talk,' he said shortly, 'Lisa, I was on the bridge just now and saw all that happened.' She saw something in his face which she did not understand. 'Then—it is no use pretending any more,' she said. 'No; no, it is no use pretending any more. Lisa, all this year you have been pretending not to be wretched, and I have been pretend- ing to believe you. But I have known all the time how things were.' 'Yes,' she said, 'I was pretending to be satisfied when I thought you believed me but that is no use now. It is often like that— nearly always when you are not there.' When he was not there! And he had come to tell her that he must go away for good. That was the news he had brought back from his three weeks of inspection. his losses had been so great, his affairs had become so involved that nothing but his own presence could stave off ruin. He must tell her that he must leave her—almost at once —leave her now she had grown used to his friendship—leave her without a friend in the world, to bear her troubles alone? Oh, Lisa! glad-hearted, bright-souled Lisa, were you only made for this—to wear out your life as the despised drudge of a man who has tired of you? And must the man who loved you as a child, and more deep and tender than the old, leave you to bear your burden alone? No, never. She had as good a right to love and happiness as any woman in the world. Why should she live this long, slow death, when he could give her far better things? 'You want to tell me something,' she said. 'Is it—is it that you are going sooner than you thought?' 'I am going at once.' She watched him with parted lips, waiting perhaps guessing what was coming, for his voice had no sound of farewell in it. 'Lisa,' he went on, 'when I first came back I tried in my blundering way to show you that my childish love for my pretty tyrannical cousin was gone, outgrown.' 'Yes, I understood; if it had not been so, you would not have come.' 'I would not, Lisa. I came back to be your friend, and I stayed to be your friend, and I saw your sweetness, and your patience and your suffering. And now I love you ten thousand times more than ever you were loved in your beautiful youth.' 'Oh, my beautiful youth!' It was a cry of bitter regret for good things hopelessly past. There is no woman on earth more to be pitied than you. Your youth is gone, and your beauty is gone, and you have nothing instead of them.' 'Why do you tell me?' she said, wearily. 'Do I not know?' 'Lisa,' he went on, 'some women have to bear poverty, and bear it because their husbands love them. Some have to bear neglect, but their lives are passed in ease, and they do not mind it; others, who have neither love nor comfort, have pride and pleasure in their children. What have you? I alone love you, why should you not love me? I alone want you, why may I not have you? Lisa, I swear to you that if your husband loved you, I should not; if there had been any hope in your life, I should have been content to have passed out of it in silence; but you know as well as I do, that the shock once over, no one will even miss you. Remember what happened just now.' It was true, she knew it. If she had died that day, she knew how little difference it would have made in her home. 'Your husband, whom you trusted in your youth, fails you now. Can you deny it.' 'No.' 'And to which of your children can you turn, saying: 'This one at least, will be the comfort of my age?' ' 'To none of them.' 'Lisa, will you come with me to-night to Mergui?' They stood facing each other, a few feet apart. There was no passion in their voices or their eyes. She only waited while he spoke his unalterable conviction. 'You have no idea what it will be like,' he said. 'Instead of your life here, with its endless slights and loveless patience, instead of the burden which has worn your poor, weak hands and bruised your dear, true heart, you will have rest and perpetual summer, and soft airs, and endless love and tender- ness.' 'I will come.' 'We will go to-night,' he said. 'I have had news which makes it absolutely necessary that I should go at once. If you come with me, Donald will never guess where we are. He will not think I have gone to Mergui, because I have so often spoke of going there. He will think that was only a blind.' 'I dare say.' 'The train starts at 11.30. Will you come to my rooms? That will be better than your going to the station. Stations are so crowded. I should not like you to be in a crowded station at night.' 'I will come.' 'He—Donald, I mean—will not be back until late you say? The steamer will have started before he finds that you have gone.' 'I suppose so.' 'Till to-night, then. We must part now. I have things to arrange. Do not be late.' 'Good-by.' 'Good-by, Lisa my love. I will make you so happy.' 'I hope so, I think so; and I should like to be happy before I die, and no one wants me here.' She rose as she spoke, and he put her into a cab at the door. 'Do not be later than 11 o'clock,' he said. 'No.' She did not look up as the cab drove off; she sat as in a dream. So it was all over— the long bitter, joyless struggle—she was going to he happy at last. One person in the world wanted her, she would go to him, and her place here would simply close up. No one would miss her; no one would even be surprised; whatever she did had always been displeasing. She had tried so hard to be good all these years, and what was the use? The harassed servant showed no surprise as she re-entered, only inquiring if, since she had come home, she would clean the plate as she usually did on Wednesday afternoons. Lisa said, 'yes,' and put on her apron to begin, laughing softly to herself as she polished the best tea-pot and the not very numerous spoons and forks, to think that she was never to do such work again, for she was to be a happy woman, loving and loved. The time passed quickly, she was as- tonished to find how late it was. When the children returned from the party they were tired, which was fortunate, for it made them inclined to go to bed, and they went on her suggestion without any opposition. The eldest girl had stayed with her father. Lisa was annoyed and distressed, for grown-up parties and late hours were even more harm- ful for Kate than for most young girls. Then she remembered that nothing Kate did need concern her now. There was positive rest in the thought already. Poor Lisa! A strong-minded, high-spirited woman would have known better, would have known the road she was taking had never yet proved the road to happiness. A wise woman would have seen the weakness of Dennis' arguments, would have understood better what she was doing. But poor Lisa was not wise, and had no strength of mind or will. That was not her fault. Ronald Railton had chosen a fool, and, having married her, had blunted her faculties and dulled the little intelligence she had by neglect and harshness; so she had got into the way of doing what she was told when it was unpleasant, now she would do what she was told when it seemed very, very pleasant indeed. Who among her family could re- proach her? Who of them deserved that she should still sacrifice herself to them? It took her very litttle time to make her few preparations. It was 10.45 o'clock as she stood on the landing ready. The door into the boys' bedroom stood open, the gas was still full on; mechanically she entered to turn it down. The youngest boy was in his crib; she passed by him almost carelessly. Paul lay asleep with one hand grasping a crumpled paper. There was a certain beauty in his stolid, chubby face after all. His mouth, too, looked actually pretty when it was shut. 'How I would have loved my children if they had cared about it,' she murmured standing over Paul's bed, and half-ashamed of offering unsought tenderness, she stooped and kissed him. 'Mother,' he started awake suddenly, rub- bing his eyes with his left hand. 'Yes, it's mother,' and he held out the crumpled paper toward her. 'What is this, Paul?' and unfolding it she saw two crushed macaroons in the last state of heat and stickiness. 'There're from the party you didn't go, and I thought you'd like some.' 'Paul, did you think of me at the party?' ' Yes, lots. I've been thinking a long time. I've been thinking——' 'What have you been thinking?' 'You're always doing things for us, and nobody is good to you but Dennis, and he's going away, and there won't be anybody; so I am going to be always like Dennis to you.' Young as he was, he was thoroughly Eng- lish, and he looked more ashamed of his good impulse than if he had been caught stealing jam. His mother was looking at him in eager wonder. He went on, mumbling his words, scarlet-faced, and rubbing his eyes with both hands; now both were free. 'Father's always scolding you, and we bother you, and Tommy Brent's mother isn't half as nice as you; but they are all good to her, and we're horrid; but I won't be any more.' 'My son, my son!' she cried, 'do you un- derstand what you say? You will not forget to-morrow? You are so young, you cannot understand.' She flung herself on her knees by the bed, gazing with piteous eagerness into his half- awakened face, and, as she looked, 'The soul of the child stood up in his eyes,' and she knew it was no childish whim, but the begin- ning of a great joy for her. He put his warm arms around her neck, and fell asleep there. Ten minutes to 11. She would soon be with him, and everything was ready. Dennis paced up and down his room in a fever of impatience, more miserable than ever he had been in his life. He had triumphed—that is, he had succeeded in making the woman he loved other than she might have been. She was worse, and not better, for knowing him. He had persuaded her to do wrong in the hope that, together, they might find happi- ness, and his misery, had begun already. Lisa, the patient, gentle saint. He, had made her no longer a saint. He, who had meant to be her best friend, was now her worst enemy. He had loved her for her purity, her sweet patience and endurance. What if he ceased to love her now he himself had des- troyed those qualities! It would not astonish him! Nothing would astonish him that he found himself doing now. He had thought himself honorable and upright, and he was neither. He had thought himself a true friend to Lisa, and he was none. Now, when he thought himself a faithful lover, how could he tell that he was not mistaken? He felt himself so false and contemptible that no further discovery of baseness in himself would have surprised him. It grieved him to think that Lisa had trusted herself to one so contemptible. He remembered how he had always seen and known that such actions as his ended in wretchedness. He quite believed that now. How could he trust his good in- tentions to Lisa when those other good inten- tions had broken down? How could he be sure of his love when his friendship was such a miserable failure? The clock struck 11. He started. She must be there in a minute, and there would be no going back. The thing was done already. Just then he heard the door open. He groaned and hid his face. He had realized his own fall already; now he know that she too was in the mire with him. 'Telegram, sir.' It was the landlady who entered. Dennis took the envelope, and read the contents: 'Do not wait for me. I cannot come. Paul loves me. You have taught him to love me. Good-by.' 'Thank God!' he cried. 'She is safe and my spotless saint is spotless still.' Donald Railton is getting on in the world He is in a fair way to become Attorney- General, and is more satisfied with himself than ever; he never knew what an escape he had had that December evening, which was as well, for he was incapable of understand- ingt he story had he heard it. He noticed that his wife grew daily brighter and stronger, and probably thought that she was growing wiser as she grew older. The other children noticed that Paul never contradicted mother now; and, moreover, that he punched Will's head for so doing, and when his mother re- buked him for it, listened quietly and said he would not do it again. All this roused their astonishment at first and then their respect. They grew to understand that mother had a champion now, and that the clever one of the family. They grew to see how eagerly their mother waited for Paul when he was out, and what a pleasure it was to Paul to tell all his news to her at the end of every day, until at last they, too, began to change their manners and to see all the beauty and lovableness of their mother's character. Kate, indeed, will always be her father's daughter, and none of them will ever be to Lisa what Paul is; he is her strength and joy, something daily to thank God for. Satisfied with his love, her hus- band's bitter words grieve her no longer. Now that she has a defence against them he has naturally ceased to speak them, and any advance he makes she meets much more than half-way. She has resolutely turned her back on the past and life grows daily brighter and brighter. But perhaps, years hence, since Cousin Dennis will probably soon be married to the Consul's daughter, whose name has been so often in his letters lately, perhaps, when Paul speaks to her of some woman he loves, whose love he has won, she will, in warning, tell him of that dangerous moment in her life and show him a crashed cracker paper hold- ing two crumbling macaroons. —All the Year Round. 