STORMY. .WATERS# A Tale of To-Day, . 11 Y ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of " The Shadow of tho Sword," "A Child ot Nature," "God and tho Alan," "The Martyrdom of Modelenc," Ac. Ahh Riouts Reserved. CHAPTER IV. ' "When Morton returned to th» meeting lie hurried it to a slo%. His head was swimming, hnd he hardly knew what he was doiag or saying. AVhere had she been ? What plight was she in P ho keot on aslant? him- self. He wished he had gone on with Harry at once, for he felt that until he knew all ho would bo in a fever of anxiety. He was heartily pleased when the meeting was over, and he could be by himself. He wandered to the copsewood, where he was to meet Harry, a crowd of thoughts racking his heart and tt._ i . - 1 :l' j uacllii# xliu l/uolliuod jjuipiualuloo 2 vi it l his family troubles ran into each other and dovetailed — he felt their source to be the same, the inequality cf life. That was the cause of it all ; that had made his life a burden, a misery, and a.delusion. And ho saw only one way to obtain justice in the future nnd some reparation for tho past. That way he had at first shrunk from; his English instincts recoiled at the secret method of ob- -taining what he thought his right, and which he would have preferred to demand openly, and, iE refused, have fought for openly, nnd taken by the strong hand. That method ho knew would not succeed. The strong hand was that of the oppressors; tho weapons for an open fight were all theirs. The oppressed could only work by terror, not by force. He had found his burden moro than he could hear. Hard work and pinching economy had not enabled him to gain the independence he hungered after. He grudged to seo the landlords living in lavish luxury, while. he had not even comfort for his share, and when the tide of discon tent agitated the agricultural "dis tricts, he found himself on its topmost crest. At the first ho only meant to use the ordinary means of agitation for obtaining the objects desired by him self and those who were leagued with him. Bub when it was found that agitation produced no fruit, or only fruit that was ashes, other and wilder projects began to haunt tho brain of Morton. At this juncture be had come into contact with - visionaries who soon succeeded in securing his allegiance to their brotherhood, as it was called. Even after he had- asso-. ciated himself with social revolu- tionalists, he had a lingering repug nance to many of their theories, until the flight of Esther, and a period of unusual pressure on the part .of the landlord, had driven him still further into their power, and now he was fully committed. " Yes, there is only one way," he . mused, as he leaned against a tree in the copse. "I ha' thought of it "by daytime, dreamed of it by night, and I know now there's only one way ! It's not the one I would have liked, but must we go on for ever in our slavery because we can't get out of it by a pleasant road ? Ho ! no, we must get out — that's what we've to look to.an'what'llbe crushed orwlint'U be killed as we go on is wbat can't bo helped. It won't be half so bad as what is going on now, and when we are out it'll be, all over ; not as now; a continual curse, a "bondage in chains as wear iuto the hone, ay, into the very heart. ' Their suffering will be short and sharp. Why don't Harry come," he mut tered, and looked at liis watch, and, seeing that tho hour fixed on was not yet gone, he paced backwards and for wards, and continued his reflections. "They've been all alike, too. Erom father to son, tho landlords have ground us down. They've known what they were about. If they'd let our fathers and us creep up, they knew they'd be sliding down, and so they have held the screw on tight. They've gone on eating our sub- Btance, rack renting and ruining us, making us live like brute beasts. All the toil and moil has been done for them ; we've had the kicks and they've had the ha'pence. But it won't be for' long now, the golden time is coming when there will be no more tyrants to curse the earth. What ha' they done to me ? Made mo the wreck of what I was, the ghost of a Btrong man. Ay, and they have robbed me of my daughter, as I loved better than my heart's blood. Ay, Esther, it is them as has taken you away — I know it is — I know it is! It was some gentleman that stole you from your father's house — lured you away with his fine speeches, and made you what you are. Ah ! here's Harry now," he said, as he heard footsteps craclding among the fallen twigs. " He doesn't come, and yet I'm sure I heard a footstep," he said by- and- bye. "Ab, I suppose it must ha' been some poacher chap who saw me, took me for tho gamekeeper, aud has gone into covert." (to be continued.) 