'i' JBAPTI CT' DIVISION. The dispute started by the Rev. C. Spurgeon, and which at one time threat ened to produce a serious rupture in the Baptist Union, has fortunately been settled without that result. At the annual meeting on April 23 the Rev. Charles Williams moved, and Rev. James A. Spurgeon seconded, the following resolution, which was carried almost unanimously, there being only seven dissentients:- Tnat the report of the council, with the exception of clauses 1 an~,.2 of the decla ration of the counicil, and the word "but" in clause 3, be adopted, and that in refer rnce to so much of it as relates to recent discussions respecting the evangelical character of the Union, the assembly places on record its judgment that there has been sufficient vindrbation by the declaration of the council and other wise of the evangelical character of the churches of the Union and of their pastors, and that additional tests of membership are unnecessary, inasmuch as the council and the assembly have ample power under the constitution to deter mine all questions of membership, and therefore can deal with the case of any church or person that may not hold evangelical sentiments. [ rho declaration of the council, to whinh the above refers, was as follows, and is inserted here for the sake of clearness. The words proposed to be omitted are in italics: 1\. That the doctrinal beliefs of the Union are, and must be, determined by the doctrinal beliefs of the Churches and Associations of which the Union is composed. 2\. That the council of the Uision hserefore disclaim altogethecr any authority to formu late a noea and additional standard of theo logical belief as a bond of union, to wvhich assent sh it be required. 3\. But whilst expressly disavewing and disallowing any power to coentrol belief or to restrict enquiry, yet, in view of the uneasiness produced in the Churches by resent discussions, and to show our agree ment with one another, and with 9pr fellow Christians on the great truths of the Gospel, the councildeem it right to say that (a) Baptised into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we have avowed repentance towards God and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ the very elements of a new life; as in the Supper we avow our union with one another, while partaking of the symbol of the body of our Lord, broken for us, and of the blood shed for the remis sions of sins. - The Union, therefore, is an association of Churches and ministers pre fessing not only to believe the facts and doctrines of the Gospel, but to have under gone the spiritual change expressed or im plied in them. This change is the funda mental principal of our church life. (b) The following facts and doctrines are commonly believed by the Churches of of the Union: (1) The Divine inspiration and authority of the Holy Scripture as the supreme and sufflicient rule of pur faith and practice; and the right and duty of of individual judgment in the inter pretation of it. (2) 'rhe fallen and sinful state of man. (3) The Deity, the Incarnation, the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ, and his sacrificial and mediatorial work. (4) Justification by faith-a faith that works by love and produces holiness. (5) The work of the Holy Spirit in the conversion of sinners, and in the sancti fication of all who believe. (6) The Resurrection: The Judgment at the last day, according to the words of our Lord in Matt. xxv. 46. Referring to the last paragraph, the editor of the journal 'from which we extract the foregoing remarks:-" It should be stated, as a listorical fact. that there have been brethren in the Union working cordially with it who, while reverently bowing to the authority of Holy Scripture, and rejecting the dogmas of Purgatory and Universalism, have not held the common interpretation of the words of our Lord." The same paper makes the following comment:-" It is with unspeakable thankfulness that we record the close of the controversy which only a few days ago threatened to break up the Baptist Union, and with it the great missionary and ether organisations dependent on Baptist support. It is notorious that the meeting of the Union, held last ?Monday, was anticipated with the most painful forebodings by many whose oharacter, position, and experience impose on them the duty of advising their brethren on the affairs of the denomination. Indeed, as one speaker after another stated on Monday, the practicability of a common agreement was not ascertained until about an hour before it was announced in the assembly. But the fraternal disposition was latent on each side, and only waited for a favourable occasion to manifest itself. In the conference of leading men of both sides, held a little before the after noon meeting, explanations were given, misapprehensions were corrected, and thus the adoptionof a basis agreement became possible. We repeat, the restoration of harmony in the Baptist Union will be a matter of joy and gratitude wherever the spirit of Christ rules the heart. Agreement of itself, however, is not enough. Even peace may be bought too dear, but truth, while it should be bought, must on no account be sold. It is, therefore, important that the resolution passed by the Union should be rightly understood. It has beaen suggested rather than affirmed that peace and harmony have been obtained by means of doctrinal compromise. That is not the case, nor would it have been permissible. Mr. Charles Williams could say in pro posing the critical resolution of the day, ' My creed is my own;' but no man c.n say that truth is his to truck and trallio with. Happily, the language of the mover and seconder of the resolutidnleft no doubt on that point.. The basis on which both parties to the recent centroversy have met one another is that of brotherly confidence and respect for Christian liberty." 