A MURDERER'S REMORSE. A Private in the Royal Berkshire Regiment, stationed at Reading,; named David Pilmore, has been ar rested . under remarkable circum stances on a charge of murder. On the morning of April 23 there was" a desperate poaching afiray at Bads worth, a village 5 miles from Ponte fraet. Two gamekeepers, named Illingworth and Copley, tracked a couple of poachers, one of whom was Pilmore, and the other a man named Roberts, One of the poach- , ers carried a gun, and in the course of a struggle between Illingworth and his companion hefired at Copley, who was running up to his comrade's assistance. The keeper was shot in the body, and died soon afterwards. A verdict of murder was returned against Roberts and Pilmore, both of whom escaped, and a reward of £100 was offered for their appre- j hension. Diligent search was made, but tbe police were never able to come upon the men. The other morning , a private in tbe Berkshire Regiment, who had enlisted not1 many weeks before under the name of Willmau, was on sentry duty at Reading Barracks. Another sentry stationed twenty-five yards off, heard him cock his rifle, and asked him what he was about. Willman said he bad just seen a ghost, and asked where it had gone to. The sentry laughed, but Willman, who was very serious, said it was the ghcstof a man whom he had mur dered. Then Willman who has proved to he Pilmore, told the story of the poaching affray, and how he and Roberts escaped the police. He said they succeeded in getting away from the locality, but in a wood somewhere between Leicester and Reading Roberts was starving and utterly Worn out and had diea. He further stated that he had planted three twigs over the place where he buried Roberts, aud that he could go and point out the place easily. He said he continued to live in the wood after Roberts was dead and buried, in order to avoid the police. Then he came to Read ing and decided to enlist. The story was repeated to a corporal, and Pilmore signed a written con fession. Communications were made to the Pontefract police, and a constable identified Pilmore, and he has now been removed to Ponte-! fract for trial. i 