£ MESMERISM AND FUN. PROFESSOR KENNEDY BEFORE A CRITICAL GATHERING. "It's all right Sir; it's all right, Sir 1" cried the Proiessor as he snapped bis fingera in tbe subject's face and the subject, a lusty yonng fellow of three or four and twenty, recalling himself by a series of convulsive shocks to his normal condition, slunk moodily back to lits chair. Perhaps if that young man had seen himself as others saw him a few minntes before he might have thonght that it was " all wrong, Sir." Bnt when Dr. Jekyll was Mr. Hyde he could not think as Dr. Jekyll wonld have thonght. And tho 6nbject in question was oblivions enough to his own absurdities until he had run the gamil of buffoonery. He had just eaten rancid suet with tbe relish of a schoolboy for jam tarts; he had smacked his lips over a mixture of castor-oil and mustard, flavored with a considerable pinch of cayenne pepper ; needles had been stuck into his cheeks aud deep stitches taken with long lengths of cotton in various parts of his bodyi; even bis tougue had been stitched and pulled in and out of his half- opened mouth as though it had been merely a load iu u hole with a string attached to its rear. The doctors, however, agreed amongst themselves that it was ".All right, Sir/jsud so did tho press, .and tho " city men/'-who formed the largest portion of tbe gathering of 800 or 400 that filled tho New Opera Hoose yesterday afternoon, never for one uiorueut» questioned it. Invitations had been distributed with much geucrosity, aud the favoied recipients were told 'to bring "their friends." We did not know before that "friends" was a term applicable only to one's mulo acquaintances. Perhaps Professor Kennedy has no others ; but evidently many of tho gentlemen who rolled up to the performance have, for they brought with them tm array of fair faces chat would not have been the least attrac tive Bight of that afternoon's display. Strange to say, however, tho ladies were iefu6ed admis sion. Some of tbe gentlemen had the gallantry to retnru with their wards , to afternoon tea without vrtuting to see the performance. Others, wo are afraid, pushed turough tho wicket alone aud left their wives and their sis ters to the attractions of the " block." Tbe periormance| irom beginning to end was admirable. Its scientific meaning was a mas tery ; its absurdities appealed to minds of every size. It is not everybody who would care to have his stomach made even an uncon scious receptacle for dirty tullow and cayenuo- pcppcr. Accomplice or no accomplice, the sub ject under couLroi gave evidcnce.oeyoud doubt of being genuinely mesmerised. Ibe medical faculty was called ou tbe puU-torm before the proceedings commenced, aud the pressmen thoro who wore not too modest kept the doctors in countenance. The penormance thus took place between a perpetual crossfire of criticism. Proiessor Kennedy has not the appearance of a midmval wizard. His bair is neither black nor long ; his eye3 do not roll in his head ; his nails are carefully trimmed ; he has (for an American) a remarkably t're»h color, aud one would judge that he had a good appetite and a fair digestion. He would be bat a poor Mephis- topbeles, and would mako a better travelling companion than many a less gifted "devil- monger." But the performance baa now begun. Fonr young meniare invited to chairs on tho plat form. Tuey come forward as a matter of course; aud no doubtjpo thempt is a matter of course. How often each of tnem has played his rOle before Proiessor Kennedy did not Inform us, but from what transpired it seems pretty clear that they are as much part of his " show" as tbo trained dogs and ponies are part of a circus. Still it does not loilow that there was unwar rantable collusion. Indeed, as we have already said, the array of internal evidence proved beyond doubt the geiiuiucaess Of the entertain ment, for nobody with any honesty of fcciing could bo said to conspire to have pins aud needles stuck in his body or to cat giisgusting mixtures. All four are sent to sleep, .the doctors feel their pulses and turn their eyelids back; the journalists look knowing, aud the rest of the spectators think that tbo folks on the platform are having the best of tho fun. But wait. A needle and thread arc produced and passed through the flesh of each sleeping beauty. One has bis cheeks saluted, another his ear pricked, a third an inch stitch taken through tho back of his baud, a fourth his tongue threaded with needle and cotton. All but the doctors and the Professor's subjects evince unpleasant sen sations. The mutilated sleepers seem as if they arc inclined to approve of it, for they pro ceed with their slumbers all the harder. At length two of tho men are told to wake up. "Imagine yourselves two little boys," eaya the Professor, " going to the poet with my letters" and looking forward bo sponge cako upon your return." Thou, iookiug round at the audience, he ob serves, ' You see, gentlemen, that neither of tGem pat their hands to their faces, or In any other way refer to their recent—" "injuries," he is going to add, when ono of tbe "little boys" interrupts with, "Say, when are you going to give us them spouge cakes ?" " You shall have them directly," he replies. And tney begin to squabble over the promised luxuriei just as children who liked sponge cake would, llancid mutton fat or indiffereut tallow is ad ministered and eateu greedily. "Give me what remaius," says Professor Kennedy. After a good deal of persuasion, the fellow shares liis prize, aud as the mesmerist hands it tn th nnHntfu'p tnn nun nt' hid nnnknls and winks at his friend, indicating thai ho has sur reptitiously laid by u store for himself. The pair, now aroused to a seuse of tute aud feel- mg , begin to spit out and make very wry faces, oue of them literally shuddering with sickness. But the Professor snaps bis fingers again iu their faces, says " It's all rigLit, 6ir ; it's all rigut, Sir 1" to each, and sends him back to his seat with a contented mind and quiet stomach. Another individual was prostrated, and some times his wbo>c body, at others his arms ami legs, placed in a cataleptic state. In Luis con dition be was stretched like a board across tbe backs of two chairs,' his heels resting on the narrow edge of one and bis neck on that ex' the other, whilst the substantial mesmerist balanced himself on the poor le. low's abdomen. When he catno round it was with sometuing almost like a convulsion; But the magic phrase, "It's ail rigut, j-rir; it's all right, Sir!", accompanied by sharp snapping of the fingers soon set him at ease. Two capital comic songs were wrung from vocalists uuder the "iu- fluence." Thene weiyi really the climax of tho ufteruooon's fun. Even Mr. Elton would be, if possible, funnier aner inesuieric treatment. Ibe singers on this occasion had not much voice, aud no doubt in their suae moments they would scarcely be ablo to account ior what little they have ; but under the circumstances each was a consummate artist — " Perplexed in faith, though pure in deeds, at length he beat his music out." To what lengths mesmerism may not attain when, tike electricity, its study becomes a science properly so cubed, who shall say ? Proiessor Kunnedy'asured his hearers yesterday a teruoon that on one occasion he would have mlmiuUtered poison to a subject in New York Hospital oniy that tbe doctors there, less confident than himself, were fearful oi results. It shows that he believes in his power. "Indeed, gentleuieu, with a genuine mesmeric subject, the human stomach would tuke auythiug that I tbougUt fit to give it," he said. It Is au age of inquiry, however ; and we all want to know a littie .ibout this "power" that no oue cau longer dispute. Wesley did not believe in ghosts " because, madam, I have seen too many or them." Wo do believe in rnesme- risuf because we have seen Profea- or Kennedy. 