OUR AMERICAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, January 6, 1888. The tariff has pushed every other political issue into the background, and will certainly be the crucial question in the Presidential election. To those of us who were full grown at the time of the war it is well nigh impossible to believe that the country can be carried by a policy that, as Mr. Beecher would have said, even "squints" at free-trade; but Mr. Cleveland and his advisers seem to be still resolute in their purpose to stand firm to their principles. The South is looked upon as inflexibly solid for the Democratic party, tariff or no tariff, and in order to win it is only necessary in addition to get New York and two or three of the other northern states. In the North there will be wholesale changes in the membership of the re- spective parties. The working men, who were once stanch Democrats, but who have in many localities recently largely joined the United Labor party, will not unlikely swing round to the party of pro- tection, even though it should still bear the distasteful name of Republican. As to the Labor party, its leaders them- selves confess that its aims must be de- ferred until the more pressing question that has now come up shall have been settled, and this is the more obvious, because it is itself hopelessly disunited on this very matter. Mr. George and Dr. McGIynn are both freetraders, but the great bulk of their supporters are firm protectionists, and this fatal diffe- rence no doubt did much in the last elec- tion to weaken the party. Mr. Blaine, in his attack on the mes- sage, has been followed by Senator Sherman, who is also a candidate of the first magnitude for the Presidential suc- cession. Blaine was afraid of the pro- hibitionists (as was only natural in a man hailing from the state of Neal Dow), and so declared for the whisky tax remaining as at present, and could only suggest for the abolition of the surplus that the money should be divided up pro rata among the states. But Sherman has found a way of sweeping away the whisky tax without hurting the feelings of the temperance people. He shows that at least half of all the alcohol distilled is used in the industrial arts, and not as a beverage, and then draws the attention cf the country to the state of things that prevailed before the war, when under a system of free distilling the farmers made a good deal of money by themselves turning their surplus grain and fruit into spirits. The imposition of the whisky tax changed all this, because to avoid illicit distilling the Government required every distiller to furnish heavy bonds and to pay for a special inspector in every distillery. "Why not now revert to the old system, and leave the task of regula- ting the consumption of spirits as a beve- rage entirely in the hands of the local authorities? This suits the views of the more ardent temperance people, and at the same time meets the wishes of the farmers; and so it really seems as though a means had been discovered by which the Republicans can go be- fore the people advocating the abolition of the entire internal revenue system without being met by the cry—"You tax blankets, but take the tax off whisky!" Of course, if the whisky tax is abolished there will be no necessity for reducing the tariff, at least for the present, and the existing protective system may be left undisturbed without danger of a constant surplus. The most successful argument against prohibitionism has been that it does not prohibit, and so now the protectionists are opposing the reduction of the tariff with the cry that it will not reduce—that is, that it will not reduce the revenue. Copious examples are given showing that the lowering of the tariff has been fol- lowed by an increase of importations which more than counterbalanced the loss to the revenue. It follows as a matter of course that reduction to be effective will ultimately mean entire abolition, and that in its turn will mean the exposure of the American workman naked to the com- petition of his European enemies. The freetraders reply that lower wages may still allow of a higher standard of living because of the cheapening of all the articles of prime necessity, but they make little headway with this argument. Congress has only just begun the dis- cussion of the main question, but it is already plain that the Democratic members from the North are following the lead of Mr. Cleveland more as a matter of necessity than of choice. They have constantly in mind the constituencies that elected them, and they know that even if they will gain many free trade votes, they will certainly lose shoals of Democratic protectionists. In their heart of hearts they bitterly resent the burden cast upon them by the President, but it is now utterly out of the question to look about for another candidate. Mr. Cleveland and the solid South hold absolute control of the party machinery, and have de- termined to rule or ruin. Some consola- tion Is found in the fact that the President has practically abandoned his Civil Service policy, and that the personnel of the de- partments is being put upon a partisan basis. This gives at once what is after all the grand end and aim of American statesmen—patronage; and even if the wheel of fortune should at the coming election give a disastrous turn, the sweets of past possession can still be treasured up as a fragrant remembrance. It is already plain, too, that the coming struggle will be the most expensive in the history of the country. A couple of months ago in New York City the Demo- crats set the example of wholesale corrup- tion. The cat is gradually coming out of the bag, and the public are finding out what it really cost, in a city which has a natural majority of 60,000 for the Demo- cracy, to elect an unpopular head of the ticket for district attorney by 23,000. The liquor dealers, in return for promises of being leniently dealt with in indict- ments for violations of the excise law, contributed nearly 250,000 dollars, and the candidates put up about as much into the general fund. Some of such candidates were judges of the Supreme Court, their assessment being fixed at 25,000 dollars, and the oath of office they have since taken required them to swear that they had given neither money nor the promise of patronage nor of any other valuable thing, directly or indirectly, to secure their election. These vast sums were used to debauch both Republicans and United Labor men, and what it meant may be seen from the fact that each vote gained, outside of the 20,000 persons working under the city or city contractors, cost on an average nearly 10 dollars. Next year, as in the last Presidential election, everything will almost certainly turn upon the vote in New York city. Those of us who are fairly well ac- quainted with practical politics look for- ward to an outbreak of bribery such as will probably compel a reform of existing election methods. A committee has just reported that they found in control of the Republican machine as "captains" of election districts in one ward alone more than 22 notorious criminals, and they publish the names and illicit occupations of the persons referred to. All these abuses can, as is claimed, be done away with by adopting the Aus- tralian elective system; but there is little probability of reform until some dangerous manifestation of public indignation com- pels a change. And not unlikely just such a manifestation will take place immediately after next election day. Ocean travellers have suddenly awakened to the presence of a new danger. A couple of years ago an ingenious person named Leary conceived the idea of saving the freight on lumber by cutting it in Canada, making it up into a huge raft and towing it to New York. Thus two-thirds of the value of the lumber at this city could be appropriated as profit. The raft was built of colossal proportions. Not a stick in it was less than 26 feet long, and they run from that up to 74 feet in length, the latter being 3 feet in diameter at the butt and 10 inches at the top. It was 526 feet long, and the logs were held together in the shape of a huge cigar by 54 tons of chain. It was com- pleted more than a year ago, but stuck in sliding down to the water, and lay buried 10 feet deep in the mud. With very great trouble, after a year of delay, it was at last launched and committed to the care of a tug of not very great capacity. Having successfully carried it into the path of the transatlantic steamers, the hawser broke in a gale and the tug nonchalently left it to its fate. The feelings of the underwriters may be better imagined than described. In hot haste the Maritime Exchange sent a tug to the rescue; the owner of the raft sent out another; private speculators sent yet two more; and lastly, the United States Government dispatched a revenue cutter to find and destroy the raft. Unluckily the weather was bad, and several steamers were a day or more late, and in each case of course the friends of the passengers were sure that the big raft had been the cause of a great disaster. At length the revenue cutter suddenly steamed in to several square miles of logs, and it was evident that the raft had broken up in a gale. Fortunately it held together long enough to drift out of the steamer track, but for months to come these huge logs will be carried up by the gulf stream, and some of them may yet do terrible mischief. Yet Mr. Leary gaily announces that he is going to make another attempt with yet another raft next year, and there does not seem to be any short and simple way to stop him. Legislation will be required alike in the Dominion and here to effectually prohibit such reckless disregard of the general safety. Even if the raft had come through all right, it might still at night have been the means of sinking a steamer, for it was unprovided with lights; and a vessel, seeing the lights of the tug, might without suspicion of danger steer a quarter of a mile astern of it. Mr. Edison's new laboratory and work- shop is now almost finished, and is the most complete establishment of the kind in the world. Every known substance and appliance of importance will be in cluded in its stock. The order book now shows 8,000 chemicals, every kind of screw made, every sized needle, every kind of cord and wire made, human hair and hair of horses, cows, rabbits, goats, mink, camels, &c.;, all skins, silk of every texture, cocoons, hoofs of all sorts, sharks' teeth, deer horns, tortoise shell, every kind of cork, resin, glass, varnish and oils, jet, amber, meerschaum, ores and metals. The main building is 250 by 50 feet, with three stories, and there are four other buildings 25 by 100 feet each. In the machine shop everything from a watch to a locomotive can be turned out at a day's notice. There will be 18 as- sistants, each with his own experi- mental table, supplied with hot and cold water, distilled water, hydrogen, oxygen, live steam, compressed air, illuminating gas, electricity of three different pressures, electric light, and a waste pipe. The total cost of the labora- tory will be nearly 200,000 dollars, and its runnir g expenses not less than 1,000 dollars a week. And, of course, Mr. Edison hopes to make his inventing busi- ness make him a lucrative return. To a great extent, however, he intends to dis- pense with the protection of the Patent Office, which he believes, under existing methods, merely enables thieves to rob the inventor of his just due. This is true of other countries besides this; and in Europe, of late years, the tendency has been more and more to rely upon secret methods of manufactures than upon the pro- tection of a patent. Just at present Edison is very sensitive on this subject, because a new company has been formed to utilise the principle of his phonograph, and the people interested in it have suc- ceeded in floating over a million of dollars worth of stock at par, and the stock even now sells at 50 per cent. premium. The new machine is called the graphophone, and answers every purpose of a shorthand amanuensis. You talk into a tube as fast as you please, and then the machine dic- tates it back at any rate you choose to fix the clockwork at. Edison's rights were recognised by an offer of a quarter of a million of dollars, but this was refused, and so the pirates coolly went ahead with- out his sanction. Edison has hastily re- arranged his old invention, and the two machines will be put on the market within less than 10 days. Then each side will enter caveats against the other, and there will be a tedious legal struggle, last- ing probably over the greater part of the five years during which Edison's original patent yet holds good. Edison's dominant dream for the moment ia a pyro-magnetic machine—designed to get electricity directly from coal, without the leakage inevitable from the intervention of steam. There would be a saving in this of four fifths of the euergy of the coal, and a steamer burning 125 tons of coal a day could get the same work done with 25 tons. Australians who may have seen Edison as he was a few year's ago, as thin as a fence rail and pale as a ghost, would now scarcely recognise him, for he weighs 190 pounds and is plump and rosy faced. The reign of English fashions shows no sign of abatement. Almost weekly some new "fad" is introduced. Mr. Lorillard a year or so ago tried to make a pheasant preserve at Tuxedo Park and failed, the pheasants refusing to stay in the enclo- sure and being incontinently shot by the ''pit-hunters" whenever they got out- side its precincts. Now a Mr. Ruther- ford Stuyvesant is trying the same thing again on a larger scale, and if successful will be able to give a unique entertain- ment in the shape of a pheasant battue on American soil. This will set him up nicely as a leader in the inner world of ten-millionairedom. The funniest of American Anglicism, however, has been the simultaneous introduction at several colleges of the tasselled college cap— that awful "mortar board" which at some English schools has been occasionally utilised as an instru- ment of physical punishment. Cornell has adopted it; so has Columbia; and Ann Arbor will do so as soon as a satis factory model can be agreed upon. Ameri- cans who are in the forties must wonder what the world is coming to. When they were in their teens anything in the shape of a uniform was eschewed as a badge of servitude. Yet now the post-office carriers and the railway men and the district messenger boys, even the Broadway sur- face car conductors, are equipped in neat and even in some cases almost gaudy distinc- tive garments, without any sense of degra- dation. Every second man, too, carries a badge of some kind. The Grand Army men have a curious kind of button in the left lapel of their coat ; the college boys havemystic combinations of Greek letters on their breast; Masons run more than ever to demonstratively Masonic watch- charms and finger rings; and hundreds of other societies make their members walking advertisements of their existence. Two professional tatooists find steady employ- ment among the foolish of both sexes. Political philosophers might find in all this a protest against the dead level of mental and material uniformity which obtains under democratic institutions; but probably its real meaning is merely that the fashion has taken this path, and another generation will swing round again to Republican simplicity. We are having our usual winter coal strike—as a matter of course. So far its effects are comparatively mild, the coal company, for good reasons of its own, being desirous not to alarm the public by raising the price. Ever since September the Lehigh Valley mines have been idle, and now the Reading system, both miners and railroad men, have been ordered out by the Knights of Labor. In all this makes about 60,000 men; and in other days, before strikes became a necessary feature of everyday life, the matter would have excited extraordinary interest. Now we merely discuss calmly which of the two combatants will lose most, and upon this point in the present case opinion is about equally divided. The miners, in a chivalric way, have passed a resolution offering a reward of 2,000 dollars for the conviction of anyone who shall injure in any way the property of the company, but none the less a telegraph building was mysteriously burned down, and so cynical people refer to the story of the orator who begged his audience not to nail a certain person's ears to the pump. Mysterious secret circulars have also been issued, stating (for the thousand and first time) that this is the critical struggle of the age between capital and labor, and that Socialists, Anarchists, and friends of labor of all kinds should lend aid to the oppressed strikers. The real inner core of the quarrel is that old question of etiquette—whether a union man and a non-union man can work together at the same business. There is a good deal of other talk about wages and hours, but the men are now paid fully up to the standard prevailing elsewhere, and peace would be proclaimed to morrow if the company would yield absolutely up to the Knights of Labor the privilege of dic- tating whom it should hire and discharge. Very ugly disclosures have recently come out in regard to the financial management of the Knights, and the order has suffered severely in consequence. Its principal officers get very handsome pay, but have added to their salary by jobbery and ex- travagant claims for expenses. As a re- sult many of the members have joined the Federation of Labor, which is managed on a basis of extreme economy, the president receiving a salary of only 1,200 dols. a year instead of the 5,000 dols. which is paid by the Knights to their grand master workman. Some of the anti labor journals predict the speedy collapse of all the labor organisations, but the signs of the times are all in the opposite direction. The working men are guilty of many follies, but they steadily show increased power of self-control and better judgment. A very few years more will probably see them in political control at least of some of the principal cities, and their power will be the more secure because they will have learned by frequent defeat some of the essential secrets of party warfare. The general course of business is very good in spite of the free-trade agitation and of the coming contest for the Presi- dency. The retail holiday trade was enormous, and shows that the spending capacity of the people at large is steadily increasing. In Christmas week Four- teenth-street and Sixth- avenue were fre- quently impassable, and were literally one of the great sights of the world. Nowhere- else in the same area—and the area is by no means scanty—could be found anything approaching the same degree of activity and animation. Some day in the future our New York streets scenes will find worthy painters alike with the brush and the pen. Escosura has already shown in a few pieces that the field is worth working. The railroad returns continue to be enor- mous, and show a steady increase in volume and an equally steady decrease in the relative percentage of net earnings. This is traceable to the influence of the Inter-State Commission, which forces the roads to honestly compete for the traffic. Stockholders are also in the end better off, for fair rates bring larger business, and it is far better to do a great business at a small profit than to secure a great profit on a small business. Everything points to a year of fair prosperity, without either "booms" or panics. The theatres have survived the compe- tition of the holidays, and now hope to make a little money. Booth and Barrett are playing "Julius Cæsar" at the Academy to houses which are only fairly good. Daly's "Railroad of Love" is still running, and the seats are sold for weeks ahead. Mr. and Mrs. Florence have just finished their usual metropolitan season of a fortnight in "The Mighty Dollar" and "Domboy." In March J. S. Clarke hopes to arrange for a theatre in New York, and it will be the first time in many years that we have had the pleasure of seeing him. His son is also to be introduced to us in the high legitimate—Hamlet, of all things in the world. At the Metropolitan, Wagner, with occasional lapses into the music of the present, holds the stage, and the season has been exceptionally brilliant and lucrative. There are no new plays, with the exception of one at Wallack's, by Selina Dolaro, "In the Fashion," which practically was stillborn. A meeting of the Hindmarsh School Board of Advice was held in the local public school on Tuesday evening. There were present— Messrs. J. Ashton (chairman), J. Weeks, C. N. Birks, Josiah Mitton, the Mayor (Mr. E. Gould), and Mr. J. H. H. Vockins, inspector of school visitors. The annual report for 1887 was read by the chairman. It stated that the board had granted a less pumber of exemptions from payment of school fees than during any previous year. The totals of the four schools were for 1887—Families, 322; children, 736; against 325 families and 805 children for 1886. The board had recommended the cases of several children for exemption from the compulsory clauses of the Act when such exemp- tion would be the means of helping the parents and be of no great detriment to the children concerned. In every case the recommendation of the board had been adopted by the Minister of Education. The board were perfectly satis- tied with the result of the annual inspection of the schools. The board desired to place on record their recognition of the energy and attention always shown by the inspector of school visitors. The following were the aver- ages of attendance for the year for the four public echools:—On the roll, 1,128; made times, 86.70; exemptions, 3.90; sick, 6.83; neglect, 2.57. For the Roman Catholic school, at Brompton, the yearly average was:—On the roll, 124; made times, 88.71; exemptions, 2.42; sick, 5.64; neglect, 3.23. The report was adopted. A large number of applications for free instruction were dealt with. 