Gordon. February 9 We are having a spell of nice weather just now, with fine cool nightB; the lurmers have just about finished a vory poor harvest; the hundred of Kanyaka will average 1J bushels per acre, there were about 8.000 acres sown, and not more than 300 acres were cut for hay the yield being about 6ewt. to the acre, We would have had a fair crop consider iug the season, but for tha grasshoppers as with the exception of the twenty weeks wheat or very early sown crops, the insect plagues ate every thing before them. Just now every one seems to have turned his attention to mining, and it would not be surprising to bear any day of a good silver find in this neighborhood. Several old copper claims have been taken up 8gain, and aie likely to be worked soon On the night of February 2, our Sleepy Hollow township was startled by the appearance of a ghost. Just after dark three ladies with three children went out about a quarter of a mile for a walk, when something like a very tall woman in black, suddenly overtook and began to walk round about them. It seemed to be all head, and its footBtepB were like those of a cart-borse very heavily shod. The husband of one of the ladieB rather suddenly appeared on the scene, when the ghost gave a loud groan and took to its heels, but being rather heavy footed it was soon overhauled—so that it iB well known who it was, it being a man—or rather a male, in a woman's black dress, with a white strip showing down each side; it appeared to have two hats on, one above the other. The last appearance of the ghost was in white on December 31, 1887, this being its second visitation, and the third will probably be celebrated by a charge of rock salt or a dressing down with a green hide flogger. It is a rather aerious matter, frightening people at night, especially nervous women children. One of the children (aged 5 years) asked its mother if " the thing" would come to their house. The boy need not be afraid of that "Things" of that kind never show up when there is a man about. I see an advertisement in your paper, asking the ghost to be careful, and hope it will take the warning ; we do not want all that nonsense of the Cradock ghost business repeated. Now that the District Council of Kanyaka is formed, it to be hoped it will be got into working order as soon as possible, aB there are a fine lot of Batburst bur plants coming up, and if not cut before they seed, as they were allowed to do last year, they will smother the whole hundred. VANDEBBILT EN VOYAGE.—A correspondent of the Budget writing from Constantinople on the I7th Dec., says : Undoubtedly, the great event of the week here has been the arrival of the American millionaire, Vanderbilt. King of all railways as he is, he did not chos-i the iron road as an approach to the Sultan's city, but came delicately at dawn in his own magnificently appointed yacht Alva. Mr Vanderbilt is a modest, quiet man— gentle; almost shy. He has nothing of the aroma of bank notes about him, nor aught of tbe pomp and circumstance which dollars give. One could never suspect him of being able, like Jack and Joan in tbe song— To lash out at a country feast His silver penny with the best, [t is even said that he has a weakness for bargaining and for disputing tbe prices of things. At the Grand Hotel, where he stopped one day for lunch, 5f. seemed to him an exorbitant price. AH the same, his fortune is estimated at eighty millions sterling, though this figure has probably been exaggerated. If he is loath to pay for a bad lunch, he nevertheless can afford a most sumptuous yacht in which to cruise about the world. The Alva is considered to be tbe largest private yacht afloat, her gross register being 1,151 tons. She carries a crew of no fewer than 52 hands ; she is 285ft. long over all; 32ft. Sin. in the beam ; and her depth of hold is close upon 19ft. She is commonly 6tyled a three-masted schooner, rigged square forward; her plates are steel, and all the woodwork about her is teak. Her engines are 1,800 horse power; at full speed they can do fifteen miles an hour. Besides her lifeboat and dingy, the Alva has a whaleboat, an owner's gig, and a steam launch. The internal arrangements of the ship are moBt luxurious. The walls and ceiling of the dining saloon are tastefully decorated in white and gold, with moulded corniccs and panels. The furniture iB walnut, all the chairs and couches being covered with steel-blue plush that well harmonizes with the general tone of the saloon. The ship is fitted from end to end with electric light and electric bells, and there is everything else provided for personal comfort, even down to open fire-places, those things coveted by Englishmen abroad, yet rarely seen even on the largest steamers. Since his arrival on the Golden Horn, Mr Vanderbilt has, of course, been besieged by obsequious and indigent Levantines, who evtr scent money from afar. Enterprises of the most brilliant nature have been revealed to him, and his support anxiously solicited. But he keeps a tight hold on the pursestrings I he is far too 'cute to linen to the canzonets of avid conceesionists seeking for a job and finding none. Mr Vanderbilt is, so his detractors say, a trifle close-fisted. He gave the American Minister and bis colleagues a very pretty little lunch on board the Alva, and was asked in return to a so-called diplomatic dinner" at the United States Legation, to which were invited some of the heads, and a few of the tails, of that august body, which is also a circle, a sacred circle. After dinner when all Perotes had sufficiently stared at the vitello d'oro of the evening, they danced round him until dawn. An acidulated artiBt, whose pictures, it seems, the Croesus did not greatly affect, sent me his menu of the banquet with the following lines scrawled at the back of it: What's the use of Cr<r,si Vanderbilts and sich 1 Make 'em pay for pictures ; Fleece 'em, for they're rich I Let the flushed proboscis Of the local press Take their diagnosis, bmell out their richt.cu ; Trumpet forth in solemn Yet dyspeptic style, More than half a column On the Yankee's " pile." Yet, if he be scurvy, Treating Art with scorn, Kick him topsy-turvy Into the Golden Horn ! Sir Robert Ball, the Irish Astronomer Royal, is a stickler for facts. He has made his calculations and discovered that when Sir John Moore was buried, after the battle of Corunna, some eighty years ago, the moon was not visible. Hence he condemns Wolfe's famous lineB— " We buried him darkly, at dead of night, The sods with our bayonets turniny, By the struggling moonbeams' misty light And the lantern dimly burning." Just so, an astronomer must be exact, and some people are nothing if not critical. Sterne's great protest seems to be guitp forgotten now—Grant flie patience, just ||eaven 1 Of all the cants that are cagted in this canting world, {hough tbe cant of hypocrisy Riay by the worst, the cant of crjticjajp js {be fgpg} twisting." , 