ii~tmlEdrn & ?Je I tfillal:d, PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNINO. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21T1, 1888. Tas Yea Shire Council has been noted from time to time for the disorderly conduct of its meetings and the dis cordant language used at same by some of its members, but all previous efforts to maintain this unenviable notoriety were eclipsed at the last meeting of this self abusing body. It is perhaps necessary that the Yea council should every now and again remind us that what are termed the courtesies of life-which are supposed to be carefully imbued into the very souls or spirits of publio men poe sessed of ordinary refinement-are apt to be discarded even by those placed in the highest positions if once their passions be fully aroused, but neverthl less it would he better for all concerned and more especially for the credit of the local Government system if these dis. creditable reminders were not necessary or given. A true gentleman, it is said, never forgets himself-never con descen's to abuse-never even treats his enemy discourteousl), but in the Yea council the spirit of Bayard Ihas seldom indeed been displayed ; the 'aungentlemanly" n ethode have been more frequently applied than discarded. .liscreditabl- motives are freely imputed, vile insinuations and inuendos are urged with a warmth and vehenmence vstound in? to the passive and unbiased listener; and It would appear as if the main object of some of the councillors, but of Coun cillor Webster in particular-who, hy the published report, seems to be the worst offender-as if the main object were to use the strongest and vilest epithets, andi to go almost so far as to attempt to defame a colleaguo's character. Such conduct in public men cannot lead to the edification of the rising generation, or induce in others, to whom the re presentatives of a municipality should set an example, the cultivation of charity and gentlemanly conduct and speech. Unfortunately Yea is not the only "ashocking example" of municipal discord ; but it takes the palm for the vigor with which its mnma bers fling about abusive and personal language. Nothing could more detract from the fair fame of municipal govern meont than the disorderly scenes enacted at the last meeting of this council, and as such are discreditable to the shire and a reflection on the judgement of the rate payers in their selection of representa tives, it is time the latter sought a means to put a atop to such scandal in local government. The cour.cillors lack a good understanding ; they have no self respect, and have no toleration for the opinions of each other; and lacking these qualities it is impossible that good work can be accomplished, or the in tirests of the ratepayers properly or effi ciently studied. The council is a house divided against itself, and cannot there fore stand, and the taxpayers go to the wall in conuequence. In order that our readers may form an idea themselves of the vile opinions conceived in this coun cil, and of the necessity of our remarks, we republish in conclusion a few of the sayingq at the meeting in question, nothhwitbtanding that we are ashamed at having to do so, but in the hope that such publicity will have the desired offect of making public men guilty of such con duct ashamed of themselves. Thechairman-You ale against the min. .ales 1 Cr Webster-Yes, I am, they are illegal. Cr Webster--'ll tell you yet what you have not been able to do. Still you are not much and there might be a show to get a special audit. It was known how it was burnt, although we paid k75. Cr Pnrcell-I can't help dirt being thrown. aMy character is as good as yours at any rate. Cr Quinlan here entered. Cr Webster-Your cnduct is always some. thing-you rush in bald headed at every. thing. Cr Purcell -It was quite different when Cr Webster received three guineas for walking from one street to another in Melbourne secentlr. Cr Webster-I'm now twitted by that thing for going to their rescue. You may ask the secretary was I not going to leave Melbourne that day, and had to lose two first class tickets. Will you tell us, Mr Secretary, as this liar of a brother of your twits me over thls business. The Secretary-Yes, I asked Cr Webster, and had to go to the railway station. Cr Webster-See what I have to suffer at this miserable fellow's hards. Cr Purcell-You are not the man to suffer to any great extent. Cr Webster-You are a fraud. Am I to be slandered by this begrudged miscreant ? Cr Purcell-It is a good thing the people know me, and take very little notice of what you say. Cr Webster woul I enter his pro:eot against ft on this oc:sinn, not that he haditt anything to sav sginst ir Quinlan, buthe was twitted by that snoaklng - Cr Purcell-The same ohl thinzover atain. Cr Webater-When I got the return tickets fa the railway I did not get paid for it. ' iiu Cr Purccll, have not forgotten to be paid. I'l look after you. Or Purcell-You'll not be anked to go. an we bare contfidence in you. Cr Websi, r--!o confidence-no y~ou dirty urryou h,?ve not. Cr P..c.ih i:ntur.....t. Cr Wcbhter.-I'i foel you before you dice was told oncc that Cr urcell twas over at the hotel waving his hands about and that he must have been in the sun. Cr Purcell-You are not worth noticing. The document was signed after the notices were issued. Ile need not look at the head of notic s. Cr Webster-White-wash yourself. ' r Purcell-Like you. Not only does he impute mnorive against me, but tile secretary. Cr Webrser-You and Quinlan are two old vil'ians. Stuff, the document ipeaks for itself. It is impounded. "'r Purcell--It i" his tactics to break up th,' good opinion he holds of Cr Quinlan. Cr Webster is the father of the resolution. Cr Wrbster-ltis a lie-you realiar. Tel ling infernal lies, Purcell it is disgraceful of you. Cr Purcell-Cr M1Cormsck went to town armed with tihe necessary documents from the secretary, andl he was told the valuation made by obh-rts was the one- not the one fathered by Cr Webster-the illegal one. Cr Webster (excitedly) - You're p dirty contemptible liar. Cr Purcell-You don't like the truth. Cr Webster, laying his hands on the table, and in an excited manner, kept up a cry of liar, dirty skunk, &c;, until the president came to the rescue and adjourned the meet ing for half an hour, all councillors rising on the instant. Cr :Purcell-The whole fact is you accepted a false valuation, and you're the father of it. Cr Webster-It is false, false as h-. Don't let us have any more of your lies-infamous lies. Turn the motion up, I'm not afraid or ashamed of what I do like Cr Purcell. Cr Purcell-There is noshame in you. Cr Webster-It is false and you know it. You are only a tool. • During tihe rending of connsl's opinion Cr Webster said Cr Quinlan was .t dirty wretch. Cr Quinlan-You are a miserable dirty piece of corruption. Cr Webster-You have a pretty face. Cr Quinlan--You might have a look at another part of me, which is more honest looking than your face. Cr Webster-I'll checkmate you at every turn. You have got the whole lot in your shop. Cr Purcell-It is a great pity you have not got a shop. You would like to be chairman, but you cannot get it. Cr Wiebter-I told you it was a case of the blind leading the blind. I don't want to be chairman. Cr Purcell-We know all about that. Cr Webster-The present chairman has been a tool both as chairman and a member-a man whom you know you can use. Cr I urcell-Trhe chair should be certainly protected from these insults. The Chairman--I am an independent council lor, and not used as a tool : perhaps as indepen dent as Cr Webster himself. Cr Webster to Cr Purcell--Is he not your tool ? Cr Purcell-IIe is not. I am not in the habit of making tools of anyono. I have boon a man for you at any rate for the last 20 years. Cr Webster-None of my actions can reflect on me-not like you, you misorablo object. Cr Purcell-I can hold my head up at all events-that's mores than you can do. Cr Webster-You work the strings as you are pulled MIr Chairman. Cr Purcel-Of course it has been understood between Cr Webster and Sloan for him to be paid. Cr Webster-Sweep calls out sweep, and bad woman bad woman, and you're a sweep. He is bound to reply after what Cr Purcell had said. There was no understanding between himself and Mr Sloan. He was a more fit man to re present the council than Cr Quinlan, as he had practical experience. The other man Ilorrace was perfectly a dead head. Cr Purcell-Who is hoe? Cr Webster-It is better to deal with the devil you.do know, than the devil you did not know. Cr Quinlan did not believe in anyone going outside the council, Cr Webster was doing it for a deliberate purpose. Cr Webster--It is as false as hell. It's false -it's false. Cr Parsall-Cr Webter ihas just enough to live on, and has no interest whatever in the district. Cr Webster-I have as much as you, you miserable shopkeeper. Were you not fined for sly-grog selling? Cr Purcell--I deny it. You say I have been flned for sly-grog selling ? Cr Webster-You were Cairns' miserable shop boy. Cr Purcell-You low fellow Ill make you prove it, and make you put your hand to "paper again and apologies. You, Cr Scale have'heard what he states. Cr Webster (excitedly)-You are a miserable dirty wretch. Cr Purcell-I-ll regulate you, I'll make you apologies again. I have kept you in check aince I've been in the district. Cr Webster-You are able to regulate me since you came to the district. You're more like a fox than anything else. Cr Purcell-I'll regulate you at all events, you low fellow. Cr Webster-If you'll put some lard on your head I'll swallow you. You disgrace yourself Cr Purcell by sitting here. The whole batch requires boiling, advocating these infernal swindles you damn hire for all time. Cr Purcell-You thought to get rid of me. Cr Webster-My old swindle face. By O I like to have you here. Cr Condon and Cr Qulnlan were looking over the minute book when Cr Webster rose and said he would like to see every thing done up and above board and not those little corner gather. ainr' Condon-I'm only putting him right, Cr Webster. Cr Webster-It will take two to hold the cow now, as she is kicking fast. Get on with the business Mr Chairman. What are we waiting for? Cr Quinlan-I have given notice of this reso lution, as regards the valuation. Cr Webster read the motion. Here is another (pointing at Cr Purcell) of the clique getting things ready for him from the books. Cr Quinlan-I will if I like. Cr Webster-Read it. Cr Qninlan-You must be a double fool or you'd have died long ago. Cr Webster--Give the motion to the chairman or 'll make you. Cr Quinlan-I will not --you might lose your teeth if you come across here. Cr Webater--I'll not be put down by this clique, you're only a d-d old fool. Hand it to the chairman. Cr Purcell-If I were the chairman I would have you put out as being disorderly. a here Cr Quinlan could do as he liked when he had the Kelly g?ng at his back. BEFORE another issue of "Thle Stan dard," Christmas, with all its pleasures, re-unions, and partings will be with us. lThe strains of peace and good-will will be echoed from all sides; enjoyment will hbe the order of the time with mseet people, and the season will be recognised in its traditional character and lived up to in this district. It is a vexed question as to whether the realisation of a pleasure is equnal to the anticipation of it. But better than realisation, which always has its unexpected drawbaclksP, or than an. ticipatisn, which is necessarily overcast with nuncertairnty, is the reminiscence. And there is this advantage- that the reminiscence lasts; and yet another advantage-that it giows continually sweeter and more consoling. Take our Chrietmasses, for examtple. Wo look forward to each coming Yule with pleasurab'e thboughts. It is tLe rallying time of domestic sffections and old friond-hips, anl the circle, so often broken in up,,n by adverse circumstances, is for thisonce renewed. But it comes -the long-looked-for Csrrissmae; and with it various vegatinas and crosses, insiguificeat in themselves, but, at the i time, sufficient to infuse a dash of bitterness into our cup of joy-that "amari aliquid" which Fate is so fond of offering to human lips. By-anl by. however, as a writer observes, when our Christmas ghosts sweep before us, we see nothlng of this. The cloudI hIt gone clean away; our wistful eyes rest only on the brightness. So it is always. The Christmas of last year seems to us brighter and better than the Christmas of this; and the Christmas of the year before better still. In this way our Christmas ghosts gRow less forbidding every year- and in time we come to think them the best of company. For all have something to tell us-words of ladvice and caution-the precious lessons of experience. Tih ghost of a crushed ambition warns us to limit our desires to the measure of our means; the ghost of a shattered hope teaches us to be on our guard against illusions of our own crea tion ; the ghost of a lost love counsels us to raise our hearts above the things of mortality, and to reach forward with un. flinching faith to that land beyond the Dark River, where love becomes immor tal and partines are unknown, anal truibt can never bebetrayed. May the renuitis censes of this Christman be such to all our readers that they may recall them with pleasure, and such as whenever remembered will continually grow sweeter and more consoling. To all we wish a Right Merry Christmas. Owing to a mistake on the part of a contractor for shire work in wrongly numbering his tendet form, the council, t on Wednesday, were led into an error with respect to the tenders for work on the Yarek to 9obur road, and ordered same to be re-advertised. After the meeting had dispersed, the matter was brought before the president and other councillors, who inspected the tenders in the hbnds of the secretary, and found that the tender in question had been read out in conjunction with others for the formation of the black flat, near Oobur. Under these circum stances it was decided not to invite fresh tenders for the Yarck to Gobur road, but to submit afresh to the next council meet ing the tenders already in for this work. A request has been made to the shire council by the residents of Eildon that action be taken to induce the Postal De. partment to permanently establish mail Scommunication between Alexandra and Eildon. Owing to the adjournment of the council on Wednesday out of sympathy with Councillor Wheeler in his recent bereavement, it was impossible to pub. Slicly deal with the request, andt as it would be too late to take action at next meeting owing to the time of the trial mail service expiring about that date, the president and councillors assembled instructed the i secretary to at once communicate with the Postmaster-General, and urge that the service be permanently continued at the expense of the Department. Up to date there have been received at the Eildon office 266 letters, 27 packets, and 133 newspapers ; and despatched therefrom 154 letters, 6 packets, and 23 newspapers, and there is setll a fortnight more before the trial mail service of three months expires. Under such circumstances it is only just that the request of the residents of Eildon should be complied with, and we feel confident the Postmaster-General will accede to their desire. Thell boon will be the greater appreciated in winter time, when, under the old: arrangement, the residents were unable to cross the river for weeks at a time to obtain their corres pondence, and in cases ot serious import, when a telegram had been sent to any resident, it had to be opened by somne person on the other side of the river and its contents shouted oct to the person to whom it was addressed standing on the Eildon side of the Goulburn. We trust the shire secretary will make these incoo veniencesknown in his letter to the Doe partment. A very narrow escape from death by snake bite occurred to Mr. Farquhar M'Rao, of the Cathedral Station, on Thursday morning last. Mr. M'Rao was engaged mustering sheep, and in walking along the woolshed trod on a large black snake, which immediately fastened its fangs in his leg just under the knee, which kindness Mr. M'Rae as quickly repaid by despatch ing his snakeship anto a better world. With an utter contempt for snakes in gone ral or their bites, Mr. M'liao wont on with his work for an hour, taking no steps whatever to counteract the effects of the poisonous bite, until he was at last corn polled by a feeling of faintness to com municate the fact of his having been bitten toe relative, who made the circumstance known to Mr. Christopher M'Blue, who had his brother at once taken into the house, and Doctors Lethbridge and Jeo sent for, meantime himself sucking the wound and administering stimulants. On the arrival of the doctors the patient refused to have the usual remedies applied, being confident that snake bite would not kill him, and the electric battery was only used and stimnu lants continuously given. Dr Joe con tinued in attendance throughout the day and night, and by dint of great porsoveronco was enabled to leave his patient the follow aing morning without fear of any ill-conso. quences resulting, although on several occasions during the night the lifo of Mr. M'Rao hung in the balance. All will me. joice to hear that the almost too plucky young gentleman is about again as usual, although he complains of having sudden nervous attacks at times and fits of dizzi nesswhich completely overcome him. VWe hope soon to hear of his entire recovery, and congratulate him on his escape. On Boxing Day the chief item of local interest will be the quoit match to be played on the U.T. Creek reserve, opposite "The Standard" office, for which a prize of £5 has been donated. The entrance fee will be five shillings, and Mr W. H. Whiting,whe has interested himnself greatly In this matter, haIs wisely decided that the entrance money shall be divided amongst the players, so that every one will have a chance to win one or more prizes, and as somen sixty odd players have already pro mised to compete in the match there will be no lack of prizes or excitement, as good and close play is sure to onsue in many instances. On Christmas evening the choir of the Alexandra Presbyterian Church will per form a service of song entitled " IVWeo Davie," which has been rendered with so much esuccess in the outlying districts during the last month. The service will be rendered in the church, and the price of admission will be two shillings, children half price. Mr. F. L. Lewis, collector for the hospital, begs to acknowlelgo with thanks tihe receipt of the following :-W. M'Gulgan, £2 (build. ing); Rev T. B. 8lvift, £1 (mainteurnao).t We have been requested to state that the places of business in the township will be closed on Christmas Day, Boxing Day, and INow Year's Day The annual meeting of shareholders of the National Bank of Australasia was recently held, when a most satisfac tory report and balance sheet were read and adopted, a dividend of 15 per cent declared, and a large sum added to the reserve fund. The paid up capital of the bank is £1 .000,000; the deposit are £7.094,473; and the advance:, £l,(127,150. The position of the bank is one of the highest, and, next to the Ilank of Australasia, we beleive, it is doing the largest business of any finan cial institution in the colony. Mr W. H. Ellerker, who is the only candidate at present in the field for the electorate of Anglesey, paid a flying visit to Alexandra on Saturday for the purpose of making preliminary arrange ments for the campaign which will begin in earnest after the New Year holidays. The water supply committee, the members of which ought to have met I on Tuesday afternoon, postponed their meeting for a week, as a marlk of sym pathy with Councillor Wheeler in his great bereavement. The annual meeting of subscribers to SAl'o Alexandrn Free Library was post poned on Monday evening to the next I ordinary night of committee meeting, I which will take place on January 7th r 1889. v There was a very large muster of I members of the local branch of the Australian Yeomanry on Saturday last, when the political situation, more es r pecially as relating to the new electorate r of Anglesey, was discussed with much earnestness. The members decided r that when the proper time arrived they would cast the whole of their weight antl influence for the candidate chosen by the majority of the branch, and as the num ber on the rolls of the Yeomanry and Grange is over 100, it will be readily understood what a power they will yield in an election. The members considered the progress of the district had been re tarded by Parliamentary influence of some kind or other and that it was high time their interests were advanced, to accomplish which it would be necessary to sink individual opinions for the wel fare of the whole. The chairman and secretary were instructed to undertake certain matters and to call a further meeting at such time as they considered necessary. The meeting in question will in all probability take place early in January, at which all members should attend, and especially those who were proposed on Saturday. The time is fact approaching for the consideration by the committee of the Alexandra Agricultural Association of their programme for the forthcoming show in March next, and we would thus early call the attention of members and intending donors of special prizes to the necessity of having suggestions for alterations and the nature of the gifts brought forward at as early a date as possible, so that a complete programme may be issued and amllu noti3e given to competitors. The good anticipations formed of the value of the Thornton rooeef have every appearance of baing realised to the full, while the permancyof i/t reef has been proved beyondl doubt by tile Alexandra Consols Company, who, after a fort night's sinking for prospective purposes, have found the reef on the Thornton side of the river at a depth of 40 feet, bearing gold equal to that found in Hig gins' claim in the river. The company have now decided to sink a permanent shaft still further away from the river, and have made arrangements for work ing the ground upon tile most approved principles. It is expected that al large crushing will be obtained within a few months, when the value of the property will be ascertained. The annual race meeting of the Alex andra Amateur Turf Club, which takes place on New Year's Day, promises to be the most successful yet held by this well conducted organisation. It is an ticipated that the entries will be numer ous, as there is no other lace meeting in the district on that date, and lovers of the national past time may be assured of an exciting day's sport. The management have made special arrangements for the convenience of ladies, and pic-nic parties will be supplied with hot water on the ground. We are informed that the Gebur and Yarck contingent will run some good animals, and will endeavour to secure sonime of the principal prizes, while the Thornton stables, which are generally to the fore at Alexandra meet ings, are also confident of taking horne the bulk of the money. There ought to be the greatest attendance yet seen on the Alexandra course. Tile members of thIe Alexandra de tachment of Mounted Riflesoa appeared on parade in uniform for the first tinme on Friday last, and a full muster being present tohe detachment presented a most creditable and soldierlike appearance Unfortunately ao far as the parade was concerned, but most fortunate for the country, asteady rain fell after themen had been drilling for about an hour, and put an end to thie parade before the usual time, although the men were not dismissed before their uniforms had got a thorough christening. There will be no drill by the detachment until the 11th January next, when command wll have to be taken by the non-commissioned officers between that date and January 18th as the Sergeants-Meajrof the corps are required to attend at head quarters for setting up drill for that week. The annual meeting of tihe A.A.T. Club takes place nas usual on New Year's Day, to be followed in the evening by a ball under tihe auspices of the club. It is need. less for us to exhort our readers to roll up and support this grand national institution, but we can only hope that tihe club may add another to its hitherto series of suc cessna. All owners of horses are reminded that to-morrow is thelast day for nomina tions for thIe handicaps. The Redistribution of Seats Bill finally passed Ioth Houses yesterday, and now nsly awaits Royal assent to become law. We shall now soon know who are the candidates for Anglesey; and would advise that no promiers be made by the electors before the announcements are made. 