CHAPTER II.-THE DAYS OF THE COMMUNE: The Prussians had come and gone, and the gamins had disinfected the streets of Paris with all the paltry venomous spite that is inherent to their nature. Bands of brave devoted men had marched out of the gates ; fathers with their lips still warm from the kisses of their little ones, lovers with their hearts aching for those left behind ; sons ready to lay down their lives for the hearths where they were reared—and they all had fought in vain. In many a home bitter tears had been shed for the voice that was still, for the well-loved form that lay face-downward in the snow, with nerveless hand gripped on the chassepót. All through that bitter winter weather, .with the enemy without, and famine within, Paris had sent her bravest and youngest and best to face the Prussian fire, but unfortunately in vain. Itwas pitiable to see fathers and sons march ing side by side in those hopeless sorties. Often would Fate vindicate her power, and the beardless boy be taken, leaving the man, care- worn, old, and grief-stricken, to bear one more heavy burden to his grave, in the recollection of the dear young face which he had watched and cared for from babyhood, stiffen and grow cold in Death. Fancy the feelings of the father who returned from out that Hell of fire and smoke, and bore to the almost frantic mother the news of the death of her darlings who had died for her and for her home, facing the foe bravely for the glory of France ! Ah ! how the women of Paris must have cursed the name of " glory " in those bitter days ! What is glory when the heart is wrung with the recollection of the sound of those feet which pattered down the passages, and which year by year grew firmer, as their affection increased and the little babes became men ; men in their inten- sity of loving, yet soft and gentle withal to the hand that reared them ? Will it ever be so? Must the just and the unjust suffer together ? Must the pride of kings and the petty differences of politicians be washed out in the blood of an inoffensive people ? All through that hideous time, Jean had borne his brunt of the battle. He had taken part in some half-dozen sorties, and at first had escaped with wonderful luck. During the last two, how- ever, he was wounded, curiously enough by one of his own side. He was occupying the front rank in the last sortie when he received the more serious of these wounds. A bullet struck him in the back of the shoulder, and as he fell, turning to see who had shot him, he saw the face of a curly-headed soldier with his teeth slightly bared, glaring through the smoke at what was probably his handiwork. And then he lost all consciousness. When he recovered, he found himself back in his old studio with Adèle, whom he had not seen for months, nursing and caring for him. She was thinner and paler than she had been, and there was upon her face an expression of horror, which it would be hard to forget, especially as it was this look that met Jean's, gaze, as he first opened his eyes, and returned to his proper senses. " Thank God !" he heard her say, " he is saved for this time at least." He closed his eyes, wondering what it all meant; as to how the girl had come there, and why he was lying sick and helpless in his bed. By and by, it came back to him ; the sortie, the sense of being shot, and above all the grinning face of the moblot, who was gazing at him as he went down. " Adèle," he whispered to the girl," " How did you find me ? How long have I been ill ? " Hush," replied the girl, " you must keep quiet now. I will tell you another time how it all happened." "But I want to know who it was that shot me? Who was that grinning devil who was looking at me as I fell?" Almost as he spoke, a step was heard on the stair. Adèle suddenly stopped as if she were turned to stone. Then she rushed to the door and locked it. The footfall stopped at the landing and the handle of the door turned. Then a knock followed, and a voice exclaimed "Citoyen ! Open then! Citoyen Palmer !" Adèle motioned to Jean not to utter a word; and he, almost to ill too speak, gazed silently at her. Then there came a whisper of "Adèle! Art thou there ? Say, then, my little one, dost thou not recognise thy Pierre ?" Still the girl did not answer, and after a few " sacrés" on the absence of the occupants the visitor left. As the last faint foot-fall died away on the staircase, Adele's color returned to her. " Who, then, is Pierre ? Always Pierre !" said Jean fretfully. " Pierre is Pierre-and my husband." " Thy husband ? Since when?" " Since we last met," returned the girl with averted face. " Then why not have let him enter ?" "Ah! M'sieur you know him not. He is jealous. Were he to find me here it would be my death. I was mad when you and I parted last— indeed. He had made love to me in the old days, that seem now so long ago, so when I left you— we met, and in my despair—I married him. Be- ware of Pierre, M'sieur Jean. He is a Rouge. Even now Paris is revolting, and before many weeks he may be king—King of the Reds. He loves you not, and would kill you were it pos- sible." " But why, Adèle ? I have done him no harm." " Ah M'sieur, do not ask me. Can you believe Jean," she said with a quiver in her voice, " that because I married him I have forgotten you. I stayed with him until I heard—no matter how —that you were wounded outside Paris. Your name had been ever on my lips, and in my sleep I must have uttered it. I know not how it was, but one day he turned upon me—and beat me. So," said the girl wearily, " when I heard of you out there in the snow and sleet I left him to find you and die. Thank Heaven I found you alive !" There was a silence of a few seconds, and then Palmer said quietly, " Adèle, think you that it was Pierre who shot me?" The girl covered her face with her hands. " Ask me anything but that," she said. "But always beware of him, and if you ever meet trust him not at all. And now, Jean, I must leave you. Sister Agathe will be here directly, and will nurse you to your health. Good-bye ! good-bye ! " and leaning gently over him she pressed her lips upon his forehead and left him. lt was months before Jean left his bed, and the blustering March winds, whistling round street corners, still found him a prisoner in his room. Paris was in a state of revolt, and the guns that Jean now heard were those turned by the troops of Versailles against the fiends that com- posed the Commune, men that had become bru- talized, and who lived but for revolution and plunder. The most depraved of both sexes in the city became the kings and queens of the hour, parading the streets rifle in hand, forcing all to join them in their raid upon civilisation with the alternative of being shot. At the head of a large party of these ruffians was Pierre Lemoine. He had married Adèle only to find that her affections were unalterably fixed upon the artist. His one idea from that time became centred on the ruin of his rival. It was he who had attempted to kill him at the last sortie, and on re-entering Paris had bragged to Adèle of his exploit. Desperado as he was he had not reckoned on the fury of his wife, and he cringed like a whipped cur before the passionate hatred that she displayed. She left him openly, to search for the dead body of the man she loved, laughing to scorn the threats of her husband. What was it to her if he killed her? The light of her life had gone out, and nothing was left her but the weary dragging on of her existence. As for Pierre he had consoled himself with absinthe, and then, doubly desperate, had worked like a tiger to raise the courage of the ruffians that he led to the pitch of casting off all restraint and wrecking Paris. The time had arrived, the barricades were erected, and anarchy reigned over the beautiful city of the Empire. From the day on which she had left him, he had never heard of his wife. Carefully as he had watched the painter's house he had never discovered sign of life. From some of his comrades he had learnt that the apparently lifeless body of Palmer had been taken within the walls, but as to whether he were really dead or no he had never discovered. If he were alive, he swore by all that he held sacred that he would wreck the life that had spoilt his own; He was hasty, he thought afterwards, in the revenge he had taken, and almost hoped that his attempt at killing him had not been effectual. How he would dog his footsteps were he only to live! Ah ! the pleasure of seeing the painter's high spirit broken, and his pride dragged through the dust ! What was the glory of ruling men to the' pleasure of successful vengeance? As Jean slowly recovered he was allowed by his nurse to go sometimes to the window overlooking the street, which had been kept, since the days of the siege, closely barred. The window would be thrown open, and he often witnessed the troops of disorderly, drunken rabble of unsexed women and drunken men marching through the streets' yelling the Marseillaise. The house in which he lived was situated in a square occupying the corner which it made with a street. One day when he was sitting at this window his attention was excited by an unusual bustle. Red- capped men and women armed to the teeth were running in all directions, whilst from the street opposite came the sound of rapid firing. A party of Rouges, headed by a tall ruffian in a red Liberty cap began to raise a barricade almost beneath his very window. Some vague recollec- tion led him to think that he had seen this man somewhere before, but his interest was so exci- ted by the scene before him that he lost all thought of the individual. Up came the flagstones, and a pile was raised across the street. Furniture from the adjoining houses was thrown on the pile. Beds and mat- trasses, tables and chairs, all assisted to swell the barricade. "He started back with, horror in his.face." Then a few men came running with an empty cart which was overturned upon the rude forti- fication. In the meanwhile, mobs of redcapped men and women had disappeared in the surrounding houses of the square. The sound of the firing increased in volume, and the enemy was evidently ap- proaching. Then there was a lull, and from the street op- posite Jean saw a column of the troops of Ver- sailles approaching. His excitement was intense, and if he could have warned them of their danger, he would have done so, but he was still too weak, and he had but an instant to effect his purpose. He held his breath as the leading file entered the square. For an instant there was silence, and then, with a deafening crash, a withering fire, opened from the windows of the square, and the foremost sol- diers went down like corn before the whirlwind. One unfortunate, riddled with bullets, staggered against the railings of a house, and a gleam of sunlight falling on his red trowsers glistened for a moment like a. flame. Then the smoke hid him. On into the square poured the column, break- ing into the houses and bayonetting their occu- pants. There was no quarter, and shrieks and yells formed a hideous accompaniment to the rattling volleys of the rifle. Beneath his window Jean saw the tall Red en- couraging his men, urging them to stand by the barricade even to the last. It was evident that he was not devoid of pluck, for he exposed him- self constantly to the fire of the Versaillais. It was, however, of no use. The well-trained sol- diery, hardened on many a well- fought battle- field advanced always, and the rabble finding that the game was lost took to their heels and ran. So excited had Jean become that he had not closed his window, and was only apprised of the danger which he ran by the whistle of a bullet past his head, evidently aimed at him by a sol- dier who mistook him for one of the cowardly de- fenders of the square. Hastily retiring, he closed the shutter, and then listening to the sounds without, waited breathless for the sequel of events. Crash! went the door of the house adjoining him, as a party of the Versaillais broke in and commenced to bayonet its occupants. Shrieks of women, oaths of men, and the dull sound of blows and bayonet thrusts came to him through the wall, and he thought what a poor chance he would possess were these men to follow up their vengeance and invade his rooms. During these latter months Jean had faced death on many occasions, and had witnessed scenes that in any ordinary times would have turned him cold with horror. He had imbibed, with this familiarity, a sort of indifference, or rather apathy, with regard to death, and he encountered danger without thoughts of what it might mean for him. Still, the idea of being killed like a rat in a hole, defenceless and wounded, without being able to make one struggle for life, was horrible in the extreme, and his very hair stood on end as he heard footsteps ascending the stairs. He looked round his room for means to save himself. His easel stood on one side, the par- tially finished picture of Adele as an Egyptian Princess gazing haughtily out of the canvas. His brushes and palette lay on the chair where he had left them months ago. In one corner hung his uniform of the Garde Mobile, whilst his chassepôt shared another with mahl-sticks and unused sketching easels. Old armour hung against his walls sombre and dull, draped with rich old tapestries, once the property of his father, and these relics of ancient warfare seemed to speak to him of the days when they held brave men who yielded blow for blow, and who were not of the clay which shot at one another from house- tops and barricades. The white china stove stood out like a ghost in the deepening gloom, and a cuckoo clock struck the hour of five, tolling the knell of what Jean regarded as his last moments upon earth. From the Chinese cabinet there looked down upon him the picture of his French mother, flanked by a statuette of " La Gloire," an angel in marble clasping the tricolor and brandishing a bared sword, artistic no doubt, but a very parody on the devil's work then being enacted in Paris. The door, which was unlocked, was gently opened, and on the threshold there appeared the figure of a man whom Jean had no difficulty in recognising as the leader at the barricade; and, who, on seeing him, started back with horror and hatred in his face. " What !" he gasped, " is it thou, and living ?" Then advancing into the room he looked round curiously, and passed quickly into the inner chamber. Issuing again he paused in front of Jean, who was sitting helpless in his chair, his teeth bared and his features livid. " Say gredin ! where is my wife ? What have you done with her?" If you are Pierre, and Adèle is your wife, I tell you that I know not: She nursed me for months, but she has left me." " Menteur !" exclaimed the man clubbing the rifle that he carried, and raising it over Jean's defenceless head. " Do you wish me to brain you? Tell me! Where is your mistress, my wife ?" "' I tell you, I know not, coward, that thou are, and murderer that you would be. She was never mistress of mine." With a howl like a wild beast, the man dashed forward and seized Jean by the throat. In the struggle that ensued his wound re-opened, and the man would undoubtedly have succeeded in murdering him, but at that instant there was heard the splintering of the hall door. Spring- ing to his feet Pierre listened for a second, then as his eye lit on the uniform hanging against the wall he sprang towords it and seized it. " Adieu, mon cher," he said, addressing Jean's prostrate and insensible figure. " I leave you in better hands, to deal with you as they will." In an instant, as the soldiers were, searching the basement, he attired himself in the uniform he had acquired, threw his red cap alongside the senseless man, and seizing his rifle disappeared from the room. It was a bold stroke for life, but he was accustomed to danger, and he managed in the intense and blind excitement of the moment to mingle with the soldiery, and taking advantage of a time when their attention was engaged, passed into the street and escaped. (TO BE CONTINUED IN OUR NEXT.) 