Premature Burial. A Singular Case Which Occurred in Paris. Another* case: of Premature burial "worthy of being analysed in the realistic manner of Zola has occurred in France. An elderly woman who lived at an Old ; World place called St.'Ouen La Rouerie recently fell ill and, as her friends thought; "died/ The funeral took place, and as the grave digger was preparing to lower the collin'into the earth he heard moans issuing from inside the lugubrious four boards inclosing the presumed .corpse. Then followed a scenc which was an exact counterpart of what occurred about twelve months ago in another rural part of France. The grave digger, half frightened of the probable ghost which his imagination conjured up and partly awed by the require ments enacted by the law in circumstances such as those in which he found himself placsd, left the coffin in the care of the mourners and went o£E with his somber story to M. le Maire. Thut rural dignitary, having duly donned his scarf of office and summoned the village doctor, proceeded "to the local '.'! God's acre." The coffin was opened, and it wa3 discovered that the woman had ju.«t died from fright, having awakened from a trance to find herself hemmed in between the terrible deal planks.. When horrible scencs like this are repeated it'' is time, for the authorities and public at large "to 'take into consideration the invention of Ihe ingenious undertaker who has adopted as bis motto, "No more premature burials." This practical person offers to supply to all cages | of doubtful death an apparatus by means of which those who may have had the mis fortune to be buried alive may not only inhale fre3h air'on their awakening, but also communicate by signal with the world which ba3 left them for dead. . Dl'. S- P.* Necklevitch. has recently died at'Lozki, in the Novogrudsky District, Russia, in his 109th year. His death occurred quiet suddenly, as, about a quarter of an hour earlier, lie wrote a prescription for one of his patient3. The Chinese are entering the English book market as purchasers of their own litera ture ; and it is said that Chinese works are constantly sent back to Cuina, the salsbeinr sufficient to encourage this. ° There were 60,636 births in Par>" . . year. There were 57,002 deaths dp- ^(r 'same period, of which more than '^OOo'Vere due to pulmonary diseases, 3 . One can- scarcely cred1*' . . , the result of a collection. £^ wel -drc-ssed congregafi0n at Canterbury Ca thedral, England, Justly, was only lis. j 