Baptist Jaubilee Sunday. Last Sunday was observed as Jiubilee at all the Baptist Churches in- Victoria, when there was a general exchange of pulpits throughoat the colony. The pulpit, or rather platform, of the local Baptist Church was occupied by the Rev. F. G Buokingham, a gentleman well known in former years as an acceptable preacher to a Portland congregation. Mr.,Buckingham took for his text the 9th verse, 6th chap., St. John-" There is a lad here which hath five barley loaves "'and two small fishes; but what are they amongst so many." He said that at first sight there did not seem much connec tion between these circumstances narrated in the text and the occasion of the Baptist Jubilee, and yet as they proceeded he thought there would be found a closer connection than at first sight appeared. i He thad preached from the texn, and heard it preaohed from several tames, but it had not struck him until recently that he had never taken for his subject the lad. Not only so but he had never heard nor reed any sermon based upon him. The miraculous power of Jesus and the want of faith in the desciples had been warningly preached and written upon, but the poor lad had been altogether ignored, and yet he played a most important part in the transaction, inasmuch as had he not been there the miracle would not have been wrought. The probability was that this poor lad, having heard of the fame of Jesus, was desirous of seeing and hearing the great Teacher, and so he said to his mother. " Mother, just give me my bacn , or day's food, and I will go and see and bhear this Jesus who is attracting such crowds." The loaves, of course, were not such as ours, but about the size of buns. When Jesus put the question to the disciples, "Where shall we buy bread that these may eat?" the disciples no doubt went about amongst the :multitude in order to ascertain what food they had got. And all they could find was what the lad had--five barley loaves and two fishes-and returning to Jesus they told him the news end exclaimed incredulously " But what are they amongst so many ?"' The result is known. By the multiplying power of Christ this insignificant quantity of food was made not only to satisfy the wants of the fire thousand, but there were actually taken up of the fragments twelve baskets full. Now to apply this to the Jubilee.. About 60 years ago, or a little more, three men met on the site of what was now the SArg?e office for prayer and worship. They were earnest, God-fearing men, and had the blessing promised by Christ For where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them." And what )vas their object? Why, to found a church for the worship of God I What these three comparatively uneducated, .,poor and uninfinential men? Ye ! because, as had the disciples on the occa sion of the miracles of the loaves and the fishes, these three men had by their aid the multiplying power of the Lord Jesus Christ. Australia was not .,much known or cared for then in Eng land, consequently their earnest appeal for a ,leder was not. paid attention to for several years, but that simple effort had by the Dirine-bleasing culminated in "the vast assemblage of Tuesday, the 13th November, when the Town Hall, Mel bourne, was crowded from floor to ceiling by an enthusiastic auditory to listen to what God had wrought during the fifty years that succeeded that meet ing of the three. The Baptists had now churches planted in nearly every centre of population throughout the length and breadth of Victoria, while in the matter of finances during the past four years the magnificent sum of £27,000 had been' raised for the Baptist Fund which, added to that given by the workmen and liberal doner, made up £52,000 which had been laid at the feet of Christ for him to do what he pleased with it. An interesting circumstance in connection, with !the meeting was that one of :the three pioneers was present and sent up his donation towards the fund. It was not, however, to be supposed that they had finished their work or were to relax their efforts.. What had been done was to lay the foundation upon which the super. structure was to be raised.' Mr. Buck ingham then proceeded with what was an admirable and spirit- stirringdiscourse. \- He said -that -dull times ,would _come gven in the history of the church. So it was in the days of Christ. On another occasion when He was bidding the. des ciples beware of the leaven of the Phari sees they (the desciples) murmored amongst themilves saying "It is be oaise we have no bread." ButJesus re: buked them as men of little faith and reer ing to:the two miracles of the loaves and fishes asked *How is it that ye do not understand '?" And when dull times came and the Minister had to meet his deacons or church members and deplore the fact, let them not blame bet uphold with their prayers and their faith the hands of the Minister. Itwas customary 5Whein anything had to be done by the church for the oficers and members to meet together and say " now what means have we for accomplishing our purpose. and there is Mr. A. he is good for £10, .WeIllir, B. for £5, andso on down to the shillings," and then adding up the amounta to exclaim "Ah, well, that won't do with such a small sum, so few workers, such small talent, and so little ability, the thing can't be done." Bu.t, said the preacher, you forget one thing to beplaced on the credit side-the multi plying power of the Lord Jesus Christ. With that everything can be accom plished. He it is who has said " Go ye therefore and disciple all nations, Lsptiz ing them into the name of the Father, andi of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, and so I am with you alway even unto the end of the age." The sermon was highly Cappreciated by a large congregation, amongst whom were several strangers. 