THE HEIR OF VERING. 'You-you wouldn't do anything rash 1' breathed Lady Devigne, recoiling. S'What, wait for him, and kill him I Choke him I Stab him ? No I That would be too quiet to madden I No I I've a better, sweeter way than that I I'll strike him to the heart I Hah, my pure lady,' he ;said turning to Lilian, with a snarl. 'I'll make your grand milord feel more than I feel to-night. I know I I am not blind I There is the girl, the Indian, he loves I I know-aye, all, and I'll swear I'll be revenged I He loves her, does your grand earl-you, wince, my pure white beauty I Bah, give up from to-night all your castles in the air. I'll pay you for your grand scorn, your contumely I I'll pay you both! I'll tear his Indian wench from him-tear her out of his very claws, and then I'll show him what sort of a woman he would have for a step-daughter, if he was ever fool enough to marry you I' Lilian leant forward for a moment, thought fully, then she rose and came up to, him, white, but firm and cold as steel. ..' Count Hudspiel,' she said, in a low, clear voice, ' you have made a slight mis take. You have left me-yes, me-out of your calculations. To-morrow I shall go to him, and repeat your threat, word for word. Stop I I know what yofi would say I I shall lose him for ever, but,' and she smiled in his face sweetly, 'I shall have baulked you !' He rose, white and trembling. ' You fiend !' he hissed, ' you will !' 'Yes,' she said, reseating herseif, ' I will. I am not unconcerned now, you see.- I am interested, and I take my po sition in the scene. You were unwise, Count Hudspiel; had you laid your plan against.the Indian girl and confined it to her, I would have remained impassive, or -assisted you. But you go too far.' He stood turned to stone, looking under his eyes with a cunning scrutiny at the hard set face. Lady Devigne moved towards him im ploringly. ' Eugene 1' He turned on her with a scowl. 'Silence-go away, go to bed, Leave us I I'll talk to her I go, I say.' With an anxious glance at her daughter's figure, half reclining in the chair opposite her, she hesitated. 'Go, mamma, as Count Hudspiel requests 1' The wretched woman, wincing under the bitter irony of the last word, went weeping out of the room. The count sat for a moment lost in thought, then he looked up with an ugly grin. 'After all, why not ? Why not confine myself to that? Snatch his darling Indian squaw from him, and leave him to your tender mercies ! No revenge could be more complete,' and he smiled viciously. Lilian sat quite impassive and unmoved by the brutal taunt. 'Come,' he said, drawing his chair nearer, and straightening his arm with an oath. ,'Let's understand one another. If I keep quiet, if I confine myself to the girl, and leave you alone, you'll join me?' 'Let me hear your plan,' she said, calmly. Then in a hoarse hungry whisper the desperate-because exposed - scoundtel unfolded his scheme; and the pale, violet eyed beauty listened and pondered it, improved upon it, accepted it; and as the grey dawn rose from the shadow of the night, the count, sore and aching, con sumed by his evil passions and draughts of brandy, which Lilian's own fair hands had given him, crept away to hide his disgraced head, and work out his scheme. CHAPTER XXVII. TIaME passes, even the days just before holiday times go at last, leaden- footed' as they seem to school girls and school mistresses; and at last Kyra found herself at the pretty, dainty little cottage at Fair leigh, which Lilian Devigne had secured. It was a pretty place, set in a pretty country, half villa, half farm-house; for to Kyra's unspeakable delight there were cows and sheep, and even pigs domiciled in some old-fashioned out-buildings at the end of the kitchen garden, that was in it self a charming place, worth, in Kyra's estimation, fifty ducal gardens of the land scape kind. She had made friends with every cow, horse, and pig in the place, and eternally spoiled a beautiful satin figured dress with, the black currants be fore she had been in the place half an hour. But Fairleigh's greatest charm in her eyes, alter all, was it's nearness to Vering. Five miles were to her, who estimated distance to the scale of her native woods and places, as a mere "fore breakfast stroll.' One of Lord Percy's hunters could trot it smiling in half an hour. And at night, when she climbed to her room, almost on the roof, and looked out her window Veringwards, she held out her long arms, and pretended that she could touch it, And the first thing she did when she ivoke in the morning was to bound out of bed like a young hart-buck and send a long, eager glance towards the east turret ot the Wold, that rose grey and majestic above the elms. I think she looked upon the time-honoured house as a sacred temple, consecrated by the pre senice f. hei god and master, her brave and hero. ForPercy bad come down, as he had hinted that he should, and Charlie had, at the last moment, accompanied him. He had hesitated; remaining undecided day after day, talking of stopping in town for his iriends' race ; but had made up his mind all at once, and with sudden alacrity declared for Vering. 'It would be jolly having Kyra and Miss Devigne so near at Fairleigh, and, after all, it was scarcely the thing to leave poor old Perce at that British Museum of a place, all alone,' he said; and he might have added that he had just learned from a certain young lady that she was going to stay with a friend whose place was within an hour's ride of Fairleigh and Vering; but master Charlie did not Perhaps he thought it was scarcely worth mentioning, though when that young lady had told him, standing on tip-toe under an orchard wall, he had uttered such a ciy of delight and satisfaction that his horse had very nearly given him another let down. Yes, I am sorry to say that Lady Mary had so far recovered from her highly proper maidenly indignation at the dread ful audacity of the young scamp, as to meet him once more, or many times, between the old gnarled apple trees in the school-house garden. It is true that she came the second time, as she declared to herself and to him, merely to receive his apologies and prayers for her forgiveness for his boldness in coming the first time, and that she hIad comne the third time for the purpose of telling him not to come again; then it was only natnral that she shquld come on the fourth evening to see if he had been wicked enough to disobey her. After all, I think, and she was quite sure, that she was behaving in a really discreet and severe manner, and it was all the fault of Mr. Merivale's dreadful impudence and boldness that she had come at all I Many a long conversation she had with Kyra, or rather, many a long talk Kyra listened to, not altogether with a quiet con sciousness, although with a truly genuine enjoyment; for when we have ourselves learned to love, there is no sweeter occupation than listening to the love stories of others. 'He's the dearest, handsomest fellow in all the world, of course excepting my Lord Percy i' would whisper Lady Mary, as the two friends walked, arm round waist, in the orchard, or sat over their fancy work in the school drawing-room. ' The very dearest, and the very wickedest. I do believe he'd ride straight into the front garden, in the face of the dragons, if I did not keep him quiet and cool a little; and he hangs on to the horrid high wall as if he were a bat. I'm sure he'll break his neck some evening. Oh I I'm glad the holidays are near; not that he'll be any safer, for he says that he shall ride from Vering to Boxley as the crow flies, over ditch and gate.. 'You told him you were going to Boxley I' murmured Kyra naively. 'You dear, silly, innocent angel 1' flustered Lady Mary, flushing a little. 'He made me I You don't know what he is I He makes me tell him anything I Do you know, he's such a dreadful, masterful boy, that I'm always afraid he'll say, 'Climb up here to me l' I should be obliged to scrape up that wall, if he did I' ' Mary,' exclaimed Kyra, with a rebuk ing smile. * Well, my black-eyed sister of mercy, mustn't I tell you the truth I And it is the truth I What do you think he did the other evening ?' Kyra shood her head, with a smile, as she bit her thread and looked dreamily at the flushed, love-lit face before her, or rather below her, for Lady Mary had dropped at her friend's knee to make her confession. 'Why, the dreadful creature brought a pair of scissors, and he reached over the wall and made me undo a coil of my hair and hold it up for him; and then, after he'd kissed it until I was dead with the fear of anyone coming, he cut offa piece, to wear next his heart! The impudent boy I And when' I asked him angrily-I was very angry, Ky I Oh, awfully-what he meant by such dreadful conduct, what do you think he said ?' Kyra shook her head again. It was the best answer she could make, 'Oh I' said he, quite cool, but with his great blue eyes dancing and flashing, 'you women think so much of a little. I'd shave my head for you, if you wanted a lock of my hair, but you don't I' And then-don't laugh Ky I I'm fit to cry with vexation-I was foolish enough to ask him, quite in fun, you know, to prove his words. He caught up the scissors, and cut off a great piece quite close to his head. 'There,' said be, ' I'd cut off my hand, if you wanted it." ' Oh I' ejaculated Kyra, 'and when we laughed at him the other evening about the strange look of his head, he said he'd burnt his head over the candle, reading ip his mathematics in bed.' ' I can quite believe it, Ky. He is the wickedest and most daring man on the face of the earth, and I declare I'd never see him again if I didn't know it wasn't a bit of use; for, my dear, if I were in China, and he said 'Come 1' I should be obliged to go. Oh dear I One more day, and then good-bye to this horrible prison; and yet I don't know I-It's a dear old place.' 'Especially the orchard, Mary,' mur Imured Kyra, archly. And so it came to pass that fortune had willed it that the two girls who had become such fast friends were only to be divided by a very small piece of earth, and that the holidays, towards which both had looked so hungrily, seemed really better in the reality than the anticipation, which is a rare thing. Perhaps not one of our friends had looked forward to the season of rest with greater pleasure than Percy. The season had been a fast and furious one, and he had plunged into it, certainly with no idle hope of getting any enjoyment from it, but actuated by the longing to lose himself and all his doubts and desires. The consequence had beeri that he had felt bored and wearied every night and day, and that the gaieties in which he.had hoped to bury himself had but increased his self- consciousness and made him almost hate the sound of the ' fiddle and the file and the treading of many feet.' Often he had left the dance or the card table with an ill-concealed irritation at their powerlessness to interest him, and with the half-made vow to travel and leave England for years. It was fortunate, in some respects, that the responsibilities and cares pertaining to his station held him back. He had found Stephen Gringe anything but well, and more absorbed and moody than ever, but he had brightened up con siderably at Percy's coming, and had begged him with tears in his eyes not to leave Vering yet awhile. 'Why, Stephen, one would think you were getting old,' Percy had remarked, trying to laugh him out of his nervousness and despondency, 'or that the Wold was haunted, and that you were afraid of meet ing the ghost in the corridors.' 'Ayel' said Stephen, looking up at Percy as he stood in the hall on the third day after his arrival, riding whip in hand, 'Aye, perhaps I am, my lord. It's a big place and full of memories to me.' 'Yes,' said Percy, laying his hand on the bent shoulder of the old man. 'You are almost part and parcel of it, Stephen. It would not seem the Wold without you.! The old man's eyes glistened, then be glanced at Percy's whip. 'You're going over to the young ladies, my lord ?' he said. Pery nodded. Stephen passed his wrinkled hand nervously over his chin. 'That's a rare beauty, Miss Kyra,' he said. Percy nodded again. 'Ah, you have not seen her, Stephen, since she left school. She is more beauti ful than ever, and as clever and good as she is beautiful. You must see her, Stephen. Come, I'll drive yois over, instead of ridinlg this morning.' The old man flushed with grateful pride, then turned pale. 'Thank ye, my lord, thank ye; I:d like but I'll wait, I'll wait, She'll come here to the Wold some day, and I'll see her then,' and he sighed. 'Very well,' said Percy. Then he stopped on his way to the door and drew out a miniature case from his pocket. * Meanwhile here's her portrait. Put your spectacles on and look at it.' The old man took it in his trembling hands, and gazed at it long and earnestly then he handed it back, It's like a picture, my lord. And she's good too? Well, well, my lord, pardon old servants; do you carry that portrait with you always?' 'Well, yes,' said Percy, with a slight flush. 'I've a weakness for pretty things, Stephen, and the child is my ward.' ' Child,' muttered the old man, with his small eyes fixed on his master's handsome face. ' That's the face of a lovely young woman, my lord.' 'Kyra will always be a child to me,' said Percy, rather hurriedly. ' I'm get ting old, you see, Stephen,' and, with a little laugh, he made for the door, and vaulted on Polly's back. 'Child,' muttered the old rran. ' His ward. Ah I' And muttering and mumb ling, he limped back into the house, to wander to and fro, as was his custom. Polly. made short work of the four miles, and -Percy was close upon Fairliegh while Stephen's words were still working in his brain. As he rode into the farmyard, intending to take Polly straight -to the stables, he caught sight of a white muslin dress dis appearing round a bend of the garden; he knew it was Kyra's, and throwing the reins to a groom, started in pursuit. By the time he got her in view again she had reached a detached piece of the garden, hemmed in on three sides by old, peach-covered walls, on which the fruit hung by the thousand. Kyra had all an Indian's weakness for fruit and flowers, and at the moment he saw her again she was sitting under an apple-tree, with a rose in one hand and a peach in the other. Her hat, a wide straw, was tilted on the back of her head; the blue sleeves of her muslin dress had fallen back; she had pushed the thick, black hair from her face and as she leant against the green, gnarled trunk of the tree, unconscious of any observer, she looked so sweet and ravish ing a picture, that Percy pulled up short and gazed with a look on his face that was eloquent of the feelings beating in his heart. ' She is too lovely to speak to,' he said. I'11 go back.' But he'did not ; instead, he crept softly up to her, and standing behind her, whispered her name. Ky}a started, and turned her head with that swift, subtle grace peculiar to her -her face crimson, her eyes beaming. ' Don't move,' he said, putting out his hand and touching the shoulder which gleamed through the muslin. 'Dont move or I will go back. How happy you look, my child !' 'I am happy,' she said in a low, rapt voice. ' How could one be otherwise in this beautiful place? I am happy every hour of the day and night. I did not hear you come.' 'You did not look very startled, either,' he said. 'No,' she answered, simply, ' I was thinking of you;' 