TALE. The Belle of San Miguel. BY FORBES HEERMANS. II. [CONCLUDED.] Before sunrise next morning the Don left the Horseshoe V 3 Ranch. He had passed a sleepless night, thinking over what he had heard, and as he placed his foot in the stirrup and mounted Rozinante, he swore a reverential oath that, come what might, Mirandy should be saved. It was true he had not been well treated, either by the widder or Mirandy, he told himself again, yet love yer enemies—he'd heap coals of fire on their heads, and do them good for evil. That had been his principle, ever since he reformed. Besides, what man of spirit and honor could see such an outrage committed, and not inter- fere? Even if the girl were a stranger to him, he could not do less than shoot the vil- lain, and restore her to her weeping family. But when she was his heart's-case—Mirandy! Rejoice, for the hour is at hand! He pulled out his carbine from its holster under his leg to see if it was all right. And yet, wasn't shooting too good for a man who would treat a woman as Bob Green was going to treat Mirandy? Shouldn't he be hanged? Then he examined the raw-hide lasso that hung from his saddle-horn, in painful doubt on this question. He would intercept the party at the Monte- zuma crossing, he told himself, and show Bob Green that there was one man of honour and courage still left in San Miguel County: and he'd do the deed single-handed; perhaps Mirandy would smile upon him a little for that—perhaps she'd—marry him. B'hold th' bridegroom cometh—perhaps. His head grew dizzy at this thought, and he pushed his horse into a hard gallop, and rode out of sight of the ranch. When the sun rose that morning, it lit up a perfect day. Here and there on the rolling mesas stood a sentinel cactus or pinion that split up the yellow light into long lanes that lay softly on the lea. As the day grew older and the shadows shorter, one might have no- ticed a small cumulus cloud in the west, hang- ing close to the line where land and sky joined. This cloud grew larger and darker as it sailed up toward the zenith, and others fol- lowed it until the blue was hidden behind the gray. Then swift zigzag streaks of gold darted from one part of the heaven to an- other, and dull, rumbling peals of thunder followed the flashes. There was coming a storm in April—an extraordinary occurrence in New Mexico. Down the road that skirted Los Tanos might have been seen two persons—a man and woman—riding at full speed. The man sat bolt upright in his saddle—a perpendicular line from his shoulder would have touched his hip, his knee, and his heel—and he stuck as close to the leather as if he had been tied there. Beside him galloped the woman, mounted upon a spirited chesnut mare, which she rode on a side-saddle. Upon her head she wore a huge white sombrero, tied tightly under her chin, and from beneath this her hair had slipped and hung in masses down her back. Her riding-habit was a long flowing skirt of some dark brown material, and her left foot—although concealed by her dress— carried a spur, with which she now and then urged her steed onward. The man looked anxiously up at the sky, and turning to his companion, said: 'Can't you git a little more outen the mare, Mirandy? We must git across the Monte- zumy bog afore the rain comes, if we want to git married this year. Least bit o' water there 'll make the mud too soft.' 'I don't 'low I kin do anythin' better, Bob,' said Mirandy; 'still I'll try.' She spurred again and again. To each prick of the steel the animal responded with a few vicious jumps then settled back into the lope. 'It's no use, Bob,' she said; 'I can't git her outen this gait.' 'Well, we must take our chances, then,' said Bob. 'We can't turn back now; the widder 'll be after us in two hours with a possy.' Before them stretched the low, flat expanse of the marsh, extending to the right and left for several miles. To look at, the surface of the bog appeared to be a hard crust, baked dry and stiff, and covered with a white coating of alkali, through which grew no manner of living plant. So parched had the land become that it was split and seamed with cracks that yawned for moisture. Down through the middle of this desert flowed the sluggish stream that came from the Montezuma spring, a curious natural phenomenon that yielded a water as bitter and heavy as that of the Dead Sea, yet, strange to say, nourished a row of trees, willow and pine, with here and there a scaly, narrow-chested cypress that grew along the edges of the creek. These trees were the only green things for miles—the land else- where presented a bare, desolate appearance. Across this bog there was a faint path which could be traversed in the dry season; but once let the crust become wet, and it turned to a slimy mud that yielded to the weight of a man or horse, and gripped so tightly what it seized that self-relief was impossible. Just before the two riders reached the edge of the bog, the storm which had been gather- ing all the morning, suddenly burst upon them. Sharp flashes of lightning darted from one black cloud to another, and loud, rumbling thunder answered the flashes. Then came the rain. The man hurriedly sprang from his horse, and, untying his 'slicker,' which he had carried tightly bound to his saddle, wrapped the huge yellow oil-cloth coat about the girl, and mounting again, pulled his sombrero down over his face. 'Wal, we got to go on, Mirandy. No use stoppin' here. In half an hour the creek will be up so's we can't cross anyhow. How's your mare? Skittish, least bit?' 'Wal, I reckon I'd better slip a hackamore over her head an' lead her, then; jest give her a loose rein an' she'll go all right.' Thus they advanced across the bog. The rain poured down in sheets, as it does in the tropics. The water soon obliterated the path, and the dry earth greedily drank up the moisture. The ground grew softer and softer every moment. Twice Bob's horse sank to the knees, and once the mare narrowly escaped. But at length they reached the stream that flowed through the marsh and gave it its name. It was perhaps fifty feet wide; shallow, sluggish, and evil-looking, with rocky banks that gave refuge to innumerable rattle-snakes and lizards. Pausing a moment on the edge to assure himself that that his companion was all right, Bob started to ride into the creek.' 'Don't you foller me, Mirandy,' he said, 'till I pull on th' tug; the bottom's nasty 'long here, special since this rain begun.' All this time the Don had been concealed in ambush a few yards off, and dripped dis- consolately in the rain which was falling. He had reached his present position with great difficulty. The trail across the bog was quite unknown to him, and he had been obliged to dismount and lead his horse. The storm that followed had washed out his tracks, and pre- vented those who came after from suspecting his presence. He was too far away to hear what Bob said to Mirandy, but he could see her sad face—her eyes seemed big with tears —and her long brown hair, which hung down her back, resting in wet masses on the yellow 'slicker,' gave her the look of some lonely martyr maiden in the grasp of a vicious giant. He burned to distinguish himself, to rescue helpless virginity from the power of the monster. Not only was here an innocent female being carried off by force, but she was his inamorata—the Dulcinea del Tanos whom, he had so long worshipped, silently but faith- fully. He watched Bob ride into the stream; he saw his horse lifted off his feet, and carried down by the flood current; he saw him recover his foothold again; then he heard Bob shout to Mirandy: 'Go back! go back!' and he realized that the horse was fast in the bog—for Bob was cutting him right and left with his heavy riding whip, while the animal was churning the water into foam in his frantic efforts to escape. Now was the Don's chance. There was the wicked monster helpless to harm his Dulcinea, while here was he, her saviour, free and unfettered. So touching Rosinante with his heel he dashed out from behind the chapparal, and rode straight at Mirandy. She gave a little scream when she saw him coming; it was not like Mirandy to indulge in such feminine weakness, but just then her nerves were quite upset. The Don endeavored to reassure her. 'Fear not, maiden—fly with me. I will save you,' he said, and he laid his hand upon her bridle-rein. 'Halt!' cried a voice. The Don looked up, and his eye caught sight of a shining object that seemed suspended in the air without support, like the coffin of Mahomet. It appeared to occupy space to the exclusion of everything else, for the Don could see nothing but the sinister-looking weapon, except the more sinister eye of Bob, which glistened behind it. He saw it was a pistol, and although he showed no emotion, he mentally raved at his own rashness. He had stupidly put his head in the lion's mouth; Bob had got the drop on with a forty-five, at ten yards. A nice predi- cament truly, for one who wished to appear well before Mirandy, 'What you monkeyin' 'bout here fur?' asked Bob, sternly, and his gray eyes looked wicked as he snapped out his words. 'Put yer hands up—put 'em up, I say!' The Don reluctantly obeyed. It was a most humiliating position for a knight like himself to be placed in—just as he was about to rescue his own Dulcinea—but what could he do? He was not afraid, he was simply yielding to cir- cumstances—Bob's persuasive air and six shooter—when he raised his hands and sat there on Rozinante, dripping from every angle. Bob studied the situation a moment. 'What hed we better do, Mirandy?' he asked. 'I've a notion to turn my forty-five loose into him —fur mixin' himself up in fam'ly affairs How'd he get here anyway?' 'Better get outen that quag first, Bob,' said Mirandy, with great good sense: 'you kin shoot him most any time.' 'That's 'bout so, I guess. Look here you, he said to the Don, 'what you hangin' round here fur, anyhow?' 'I came here to rescue Innercence—from a villain, and to have—Vengeance,' said the Don, with an effort, for his position, with his hands above his head, was a tiresome as well as a ridiculous one. 'Haw! haw!' laughed Bob, hoarsely. 'You seem to be doin' it in great shape. None o' that! Put 'em up!' he added, sharply, as the Don lowered his aching arms a little. 'Wal, you are a tenderfoot,' said Mirandy, looking at him scornfully. 'Fust place, I ain't innercent, an' Bob ain't a villain. We're on our way to Santy Rosy to get married!' Married! The Don was thunderstruck. He had not expected this. It was not an abduc- tion, but an elopement after all. Here was he blocking the wheels of Love's chariot when he believed he was pushing them out of the Slough of Despond. Mirandy going to marry Bob! Then she could no longer be his Dul- cinea! What should he do? At first he trembled with indecision and doubt, but in a moment, like the true knight he was, he bowed to the lady's choice, and saluted her grace- fully. Mirandy watched his face attentively, and, as he bent forward in obeisance, said: 'I reckon you kin put up your gun, Bob He's all solid,' and Bob returned his pistol to its holster. Then the Don set manfully to work to smooth the path of true love, which thus far had been rough enough. If he could not be the very best man, he would be the next best, and he hurriedly untied the raw-hide lasso that hung in a neat coil from the saddle horn, just in front of his right knee. All this time Bob had been seated on his mired horse, in midstream, quite powerless to help himself or his animal. The Don rode to the edge of the bank, and said: 'I cal'late to chuck this over ye, Bob, and git ye outen thar. Lookout!' Bob nodded his acquiescence. Very deftly the Don swung the loop around his head, opening it at each turn with a gentle movement of his wrist; then, when it had acquired just the right momentum, he let it slip from his hand. It went weaving and twisting through the air, and settled down over Bob's shoulders. Taking a turn of the free end about his saddle-horn, the Don backed Rosinante away from the stream, and in another second Bob, wet and muddy, stood by Mirandy's side. The Don did nothing by halves, and when he saw Mirandy jump to the ground to greet her lover, he disecreetly turned his head aside, and endeavored, though ineffectually, not to hear the sounding smack that followed. That little matter over, once more he swung his lasso, and once more it shot snakily through the air. This time the open loop dropped over the head of the horse. Now the don had his hands full; the animal reared, and struggled, and snorted, but the effect of the strong, steady pull was apparent in time, and at last the horse stood upon the bank—muddy, trembling, and weak. About four o'clock that afternoon a party of three rode into Santa Rosa. In spite of their wet and bedraggled appearance it was plain that two of them were in excellent spirits. The third was silent and preoccu- pied. The rain had long since ceased; the warm sun had dispersed the clouds, and the blue sky was without a spot or speck. The party rode straight to the little adobe church —built years ago by an over-sanguine mis- sionary, but now a long time unoccupied. It stood gable-end to the plaza, its ridge orna- mented with a bell-tower which sheltered a voiceless bell. To the rail in front of the church were hitched three or four saddled ponies, while loitering in the shade were as many men dressed in their best, with freshly greased boots and clean-shaven faces, that showed white by contrast, with their sun- burned necks and foreheads. 'Well, boys! here we be!' cried Bob, cheerfully, as he drew up. 'Everythin' all right, Bill?' ' Yes,' said Bill Ransom as he stepped up and laying his hand on Mirandy's rein, helped her to dismount. 'How d'ye do, ma'am? You're lookin' well.' Then noticing the Don, he leaned over to Bob and whispered; 'Good Gawd! Bob! What's that? Some new kind of fam'ly ghost?' 'He's my hated rival,' said Bob, compla- cently; 'an' he's goin' to give the bride away, owin' to the unavoidable absence of her mother.' Here he winked at Bill in a very facetious manner. 'Give us all away, you mean,' growled Bill. 'Looks 'a if he'd bin locoed,' but no one seemed to hear him. 'Wal, come on now, boys,' said Bob, as he gallantly tucked Mirandy's arm through his. 'Come along! Less get this little exper'- ment over. Is the Hon'able Justice Parker on deck an' sober, Bill?' 'The Hon'ble Justice Parker, I regret to say,' said Bill slowly, 'is on deck—re-mark- ably so—but far from sober. He attempted to clean out the "Maverick" at exactly two p.m., an' we had to tie him an' put him to bed, where he now is, a ravin' maniac from too much strong drink.' Bob uttered a very profane ejaculation. 'Curse him! I give him five dollars in advance 'cause he promised to keep straight till after the weddin',' he said. 'What we goin' to do? Tom Davis an' the widder 'll be here in an hour with a possy, an' I want to git married 'fore they come. There's sure to be a fight, an' I want to leave Mirandy all right in case I git hit.' The Don stepped forward. 'If you're lookin' fur some one to marry ye,' he said, 'I reckon I kin help ye out—do good fur evil —as I'm qualified to that extent, hevin' a license to preach an' marry.' It was a very short ceremony as the Don performed it, and he brought it to a close in a style that some of the guests thought a little abrupt. 'Walk ye in the narrer rud—I pro- nounce ye both one an' the same.' Indeed, Bill Hansom was much dissatisfied with the whole affair. 'Le's make him do it over again,' he said; 'taint more'n half bindin' as 'tis now. I could've done it better'n that myself.' But Bob would not hear of it. 'No, siree!' he said; 'we're married, an' 'thet's enough. There's no double or quits about this. I'm satisfied, if Mirandy is,' and Mirandy said she was, entirely so. 'An' now, gen'lemen,' said Bob, a few moments later standing in front of the Mave- rick bar, 'here's my thanks to all, an' good- bye.' He slowly raised his glass, and held it an instant between his eye and the light. 'Mirandy an' I cal'late to rid over to Porty de Luny to-night; its only twenty-five mile, an' we've borrowed a couple o' fresh hosses, an' to-morrow we'll go on up to my place on th' 'Lupy creek. A week from to-day we'll hev a dance, an' you're all to come. By that time the widder 'll be all solid, I reckon. I'm sorter glad we did not meet her to-day; she's so devilish sensitive she'd shot some one, sure.' As Bob and Mirandy rode away, they were sped on their journey by a salute from a dozen revolvers. Bill Ransom, who felt that he oc- cupied the position of best man, was deter- mined that the affair should come nothing short of complete success, and he hurriedly pulled off his huge riding-boot and threw it after them, spur and all. 'Not hevin' a slip- per,' he said, 'I fired my boot—fur luck— though it's God's mercy it didn't hit 'em.' A year from that day saw very few changes in San Miguel County. The widder and Tom had long since forgiven Bob and Mirandy, who were living at Bob's ranch on the 'Lupy creek. With what Mirandy had brought him, added to his own, Bob found himself owner of three hundred and fifty cows, which made him quite a man of property. But then, there was every reason why he should be, since he was a man of family also. ' Yes, sir; it's a boy, just as certain as the world,' he had announced at Santa Rosa; 'but he's redder an' softer'n what I sposed babies generally was. I'm sorter 'fraid to touch him, fear he'll break in two, but he's a healthy breather.' This addition to his responsibilities made Bob more sedate and steady-going than before. He worked hard, early and late, and his only play-time was at night, when he took his seat by the fire and watched Mirandy and the baby. 'Lord! it's the queerestest thing, to set here an' see you fixin' that there kid, Mirandy, just as if you'd never done nothin' else all yer life. Where ever you learned it, I can't think;' and Mirandy would look up at Bob and smile, but not in her old coquettish way. Another expression, more thoughtful and tender, had taken its place now. She was still the same buxom, stalwart Mirandy she had ever been, but now she had a new object in life; she felt that new responsibilities required new manners. It was quite a picture to see those three— Mirandy seated in a low rocking-chair before the huge, open clay fire-place, filled with a roaring wood-fire, with her baby on her lap, and Bob by her side, watching her with a smile of gratified pride, as he fussed and cooed over the boy. 'It beats all,' he used to say, 'which likes it the best—you or him—or me.' Sometimes the Don would ride over from the Barzee, where he was still attached as cook, and spend the evening. His regard for Mirandy was as deep as ever, but since her marriage it had taken a different form, being now more of a paternal nature, for he had now come to look upon her almost as a daughter. The Don—he was still known by that name—had appropriated that little chapel at Santa Rosa, wherein Bob and Mirandy had been married, and every Sunday morning during the winter, he had ridden over from the Barzee Ranch and preached there. His success in that direction had been no better than his attempt at cooking, but he was not cast down, and persevered faithfully. 'San Mikell is pretty stony ground, but it aint all rock,' he would say hopefully. The new spring opened promisingly. The price of cattle was unusually high; a very severe winter had raged over the northern ranges in Dakota, Montana, and Wyoming, and the losses among the cattle there had been enormous, in some instances entire herds having died from cold and starvation. The stockmen of San Miguel County were jubilant, for their own losses had been very few, the Barzee estimate being less than two per cent.; and, this, added to the fact that three-year-old steers were bringing thirty-dollars, and likely to bring thirty- five dollars, made every one happy, and prospectively rich. With the return of spring, as in former years; men started out over the range on preliminary surveys, in preparation for the round-up. Thus it happened that Bob left Mirandy and the baby at his ranch one morning and rode away. He had kept no assistants all winter; he did his own work, knowing it was his duty to economise for her sake, and so Mirandy was left alone, but they were neither troubled about this. Mirandy stepped out to see who it was, but not until she had shaded her eyes with her hand did she recognise the Don. 'Wal, I declar'!' she said, 'ef taint you! Won't ye 'light?' but the Don declined the invitation, rather abruptly. 'Mirandy,' he said, 'I hearn down on th' Pecos that there was a band of Injuns out from th' Reservation, loose, and——' 'Injuns!' cried Mirandy, incredulously; 'why, there ain't no Injuns within two hun- dred miles of this yere!' 'Ef you'd seen the things I've seen,' said the Don slowly, 'you'd say there was Injuns within ten miles of this yere—broke out of the Mescalero Reservation—they shot at Rube Priday, an' they're runnin' off stock, an killin' any one they kin ketch. You must git' your baby an' come with me to the Barzee till this thing's settled.' Mirandy demurred at first—'she warn't afraid of no Injuns,' she said—but the recol- lection of her baby decided her, and in a few minutes they were riding rapidly towards the Barzee, twelve miles away. Very tenderly the Don carried the child, wrapped in a heavy blanket, while Mirandy rode at his side, her eyes constantly on the bundle. As they, reached the top of a mesa, two miles from their destination, they paused a moment to breathe their horses. Suddenly the Don noticed a commotion in a bunch of cattle be- hind him; they were running in evident alarm; then he heard a rifle-shot and then another. His keen little eyes instantly de- tected the cause of the disturbance. 'There they be! Ride! Mirandy, ride!' and away they dashed down the hill. Spur, spur, and spare not! Ride, ride—for your lives, ride! They had a good half mile the start, and if they could only maintain it they were safe. Mirandy's horse was fresher and speedier than the Don's, and she had con- stantly to slow up for him, but he rode steadily along, giving his entire attention to the child. And yet they had to ride carefully, too, for if a horse should step into prairie-dog's hole, or even stumble, it would be fatal. On they went through the dust—their pursuers very slowly gaining on them, and keeping up a continued firing. It seemed as if they must be hit, but they rode on and on, never swerv- ing nor halting a moment. Once a rifle-ball furrowed the brim of Mirandy's sombrero; once the Don's right stirrup was splintered; but still they kept on on, on, with the yell- ing fiends behind them. At last they neared the ranch (the dusk was slowly turning into night), and once there they were safe, for it was garrisoned by a dozen men—good,shots, well-aimed, and daring, every one. As they dashed along the trail, they came to a place where it forked; the main track ran around a mesa bluff and down into the valley where the house stood, but there was a shorter path, leading over the cliff, down which it was possible, with great care, to lead a horse. It was rocky and steep, there being a straight jump of five feet in one place. As they approached the fork, the Don motioned Mirandy to take this path, and without hesitation she rode for the bluff, and disappeared over the edge with the Don close after. How they ever reached the bot- tom alive is still a mystery in the county, but they did, and a few moments later pulled up in front of the Barzee Ranch. The men crowded to the door—one bearing a lantern —to see who the new arrivals were, and to learn what the firing had been about. No one suspected then that the Don had been hit he still bore the baby very tenderly on his left arm, while with his right he steadied himself by the saddle-horn. It was not until his charge had been transferred to Mirandy's care that he reeled, and Rube Priday had just time to catch him as he lurched heavily from his horse. As they laid him gently on the ground, he fainted and the blood welled through his lips, which he had till then kept tightly closed. They carried him into the house and endeavoured to staunch the blood, but it was a hopeless case—he had been shot through the lung. It was a solemn scene that the dim rays from the smoky lantern lit up in the Barzee Ranch that night. Around the dying man were grouped the stern-faced riders, while at his head knelt Rube, vainly endeavoring to force some stimulants past his lips. After a little he revived, and looked about him on the familiar faces. 'Boys,' he said, very faintly, 'they're safe, Mirandy an' th' baby—deliver me from— mine offences—an'—forgive——' That's all. One of the men turned to the couch where the baby lay. 'He's asleep!' he whispered. 'So is the Don,' said Rube, as he reverently drew the rough blanket over the poor old fel- low's face. 