I POOR AUNT DEB! I By Jake Mabgs. I Poor Aunt Deb ! Tea, that was just I what I thought as I read the snperacrip-' I tion on the email bundle of pagers I I fnnnd in the cabinet in her room. 'A I page in a life's history — to be destroyed I »t my death.' Fancy Aunt Deb with a, I secret of anyone's to keep. I always I thought of her as leading a comfortable, I placid existence, without even a know ledge of any tragedy or sonl's trouble of ,ny Bort. Bat, however, here's some thing evidently out of the common — and as she left all her possessions to My dear niece, Jane,' I don't see why I should not share the secret, and aee whether she really ever had an adventure, or what this precious handle contain, x Fifteen years ago I was ratting at my breakfast-table waiting for old Robin to bring me my letters, and any scrap of news he might have picked np from our mm! nnstman : conffrmtnlmtinw mvuplf I meanwhile on the comfort and cnainesa of my ' ain ingle neuk ' in this dreary November weather. When the letters came, however, my eelf-gratnlations came to an abrupt raid. On the top of the small heap was one from my brother in Lincolnshire. 'Nov. 10th, 184—. 'Deas Deb, — Would it be too cmei to ask yon to come raid stay a week with me 1 Mis. Kenworthy la bound to go to the help of her sick daughter, and I have no fancy for being left to the twdw mercies of two giggling girls. I most also be away one nigfar, as I am pledged to preach at A — , and cannot get home agsia tiil early the following mnmiiig ' Your disconsolate brother, ' Whiiah Gaunt.' What could I say 1 I should prefer nn M on riprriderilvL "Rnfc «)im T n. member ids constant work in that alone, dreary parish, and how completely he depended on his old housekeeper for the few comforts he enjoyed, I conld do nothing else bnt write and aay T would be with him the next day. Accordingly in the early morning we started off, my maid, Marie, and I, by a train which landed as at the nearest station to Thorsville Rectory, jutt as the short gloomy day was ranking into dark ness. No pony-carriage, no familiar face was there to greet ms ; bnt after some delay a conveyance was found, into which we scrambled, and ware taken siowiy bnt sorely to our destination. Here, again, I found the housekeeper gone, my brother away on his preaching expedition, and no preparations for my arrival. All this I discovered afterwards to be due to the truant propensities of the small page who is intrusted with the postage of my letters. Feeling rather lonely and very tired,! managed to get some refreshments from a hastily improvised 'tea,' and then settled mvself dawn hv a warm fire to rest till bedtime. ' Please, ma'am, could yon speak with i mau at the door ? He wants the master, and says he nmst see someone.' I followed the housemaid to the porch, . and there saw an elderly, rough-looking individual with rather a pleasant, honest- looking face, and a style of demeanour and clothing that suggested a bargeman or one of those watermen so often met with on the canal banks. ' Oh, missus, I wanted to see th par-' son. We' s in a bit of trouble, and. I' hears he's main kind to pair folk.' ' Well, my man, and what is it yon want 1 He will not be home to-night. Can I do anything for you F ' Please, missus,' was the astounding answer, ' can you do a bit of """'"g t We got a lass in our boat who's mortal bad ; and I dunna think rile young 'on can last rill morning. My old woman, she thiokn a deal of that sort of thing, and says that there babby ongfat to 1 be named at nnst, if it's to be of any ass-'.:! 'Well, my friend,' I answered, after eectiing in my own mind that he meant' baptism : ' I am afraid I can't da that for von — but perhaps to-morrow will be- time enough.' 'I s'pose it must be then, ma'am ; but/ I doubts whether either lass or . babby- will live till sunrise.' Then it flashed through my mind what, a dreary place it was to die in, and1 fit 4 momentary impulse I offered to gp and see ill could help either mother or child. "Deed, ma'am, if you. would came, Pm sure the old 'oomon would be grateful ; 1 foe this trouble came- on us quite unex pected, and her has no food nor .nothing fit for the poor critter.' The country round Thora vflls was ML familiar to me by daylight, raid J knew that after crossing two fields, and walk ing four or five KnndmJ yards up the road, I should then only have to -cross a stile to find- myself -"pi the canal bank So, aftra-doohmgrsiadthick cloak and a warm qi fltedhDOd,tod filling a imiJ thought might be wanted,.! papered; to f aI i A — m w -v " - — w- I. .r uun iuy gUlUtt uOWu W U1B MIWIi Then, telling the old man who acted as facto tmm in my brothers honsdioldto fellow at a distance, Fsfcarted oB; The two fields grew longer than.- any four ; the Btilea Beemed iinpsffiableiBr- riere ; and the road, when warescteditp looked endless, flat, bare, foggy ulterLy rileut, treeless, save for a fcwfUjrds standing here and there lifaidiamsi ghosts, with arms uplifted In a warning manner. How cold I grswl All dhe sympattiy I had felt when standing in the warm, well lighted Rectory path, oozed ont at my fingers" ends. . But pe Grands are no cowards by training or descent; so I determined to govonly tithing in my heart that old Thomas wasn't quite so deaf sod lame »s I knew Mm to he. „ ,. , Vhai. — -- I 3 aL. ' -a3»- " 3 "MC" we nawign «qb imi ayi : climbing over it I saw the dsrfc bargu, lying on the canal a great Iriinllfriitff object with only one niy- aE light- m'db I sort of cabin, tometKnghriSwl'Majmh I of the deck Crossing u dakypferik, I rear of my guide, I foundrnyaelffacB to I face with an old waoai not 6" I pleasant-looking, and decidedly mugber I in manner than myfirrtfrfaod. £ I ' Who be this, Tun r warteeriitterioo I not altogether chaining., I However 'Jim toldtor fiiifosw.iwnr&: I who I wag, sb far as fas kn»jandjhB& I Poshing open a little dM'iSe'went down a few steps, andiusfiiifaBBiC 'fphpi I «nril apartment abrthtenSrawafcl I tan. > A -ite-i a«-« n ta J?! I to. - . -.a I stretehed- ma snsteMbM' I wia no «nnig.lfiK3'SK5|PM|#i 1 wunterpans and one nr-rtwndBlif- tUgOr I by rite mosrfosdrireW1 I evethxAMimieiT &<<< \- - . 48'. . Her small oval face, even in that wretched light, shone out in striking con trast With thtaMffilj«lHllimai- JJg, soft hair lay damp and matted on her forehead and. tto teaching expressibn of hopeTeoa remgustioD made my heart throb with compassion tiff I conld " no words to speak. ' I'm afeard bet's mated bad,' jsaid the woman pityingly, but roughly ; but I think bra's deeping now.' Then, dipping down the coverlet, she went on : '"The young bra won't five an hoot.' And there, in the gild's arms, was a little waxen image at the mother, bat oh I so white and., wan, that even my inexperienced eyes knew the seal of death was upon it ' Who is she, and what brings her here I' £ said, quite sharply, for I fait there conld be no tinahip betwasn thora two women. Ot, all right, Qufasi,' «h» is nrand iii & very rwtiHwt manner « J wbs joBfc gmng.bera lift In the btcge, whfin fdlft UfllB falmsi wit Pwb slime 44i« - best I could for her.' Bat where, and who, are her friends ¥ I persisted. ' Oh, m'appen they ain't for off / and as she spoke the girl opened, her eyes wide, and X knew by the way she glanced at the woman that she trusted hi her, despite the odd sononndings. My fears that she had been subjected to any 111- trentment at their hands subsided at once.. Then, arbor glance wandered on to me, I saw a sadden flash sweep over her face, only to die away, as quickly to the deathly pallor that had so startled me. ' TPs only a kind lady who has comB to see you, dearie,' said, the woman. But as she spoke, I saw the pel was lapsing again in to partial on conacionsn ess, and I knew that if life was to be-keptin once. : I then mixed her some arrowroot and wine from the store I had brought, and. went round to the far side of the bed to lift bra head. As- 1 did so, I noticed very distinctly a red trisngnlar mark upon her throat ; not freshly dram, bnt evidently a life mark, but eo clearly impressed upon the white akin, tfaatlt remained in my mind, after many other details of her appearance had passed, away. lifting her head gently, Ifed her with, the restorative, spoonful by spoonful,- till once more rim mist seemed to dear from her eyeB, and I knew that ebe was gazing quietly and at me. Fearing, to excite her, I asked no further questions, but only settled her more comfortably in the bed. Glancing ones again at the srill sleeping babe, I emptied my basket of its contents, and, quietly drawing the woman outside the cabin door, told her I would return with my brother la ths' morning, and see what more we could da The woman looked at me. very earnestly, and iost mud 1 Thft- Timn" reward van. ma'am — good night,' andao we parted. She disappeared into the cabin ; and I, marching on ahead ufrddTSbmaa on my homeward way, wontfereeT who rite girl could be, and determined to know all about it next day. I awoke early, with my mind filled with my strange acquaintances of rim wight before. Dressing hurriedly, I pro ceeded to lookout of my travelling trank what clothing I conld spare, and made them op into a small package, not think ing it expedient to tell my maid too ranch about it till the matter was more \- fully explained. Ten o'clock struck, then half-past; then eleven and still W iffitm did rat come ; so being able no longer to curb ray im- parienca I started, off again to the canal bank, with May carrying the hnndle he- side m& When I reached It— lo ! no large am there— not a vestige -of -any- ridng save a trampled space on the bank, showing where tiia old hone had wandered as far as his tether would allow ; a few hits ot -refuse, on- the-canal hank; and a deep Indentation in the shelving edge iff the grassy taming path 1 \- Perfectly bewildered: half fancying girtjbsby, bargee and womon had all .bran a diBorded dream; I retraced my steps to the Rectory, and time poured the whole story into the eara of my returned and half sceptical brotheE ; 5a was very kind and sympathetic, but! feltttoi he thought I.hsd imagined the half of it,and tost in reality the lovely girl was an ordinary, bugee'a dimghter, and the trouble one that ovfadakea them only too often. m It was the ExUbirioa fMtaf '51 — a rime whan exidbiriniis wrap indeed marvels. Hut beaotifni glass house in ; in Hyde Park was to many the realisation of a fairy story ; and sR who could do so flocked op to Londonto aee if the building large enont to rariiwi a growing forest tree was indeed to fce believed in. I, too, had a graft lorng to see rids wondra ; bnt when » wostan clossiy bor ders on semnty years of . aga, pnd has Bpern nun ol how n" seclnsion of a aomrixy bom she hEsi- jtetes to trust herasir iirto snife a whiri- pool as Eondon. was that year 1. My heatarions, howeva; wtresllex- ttngmshed by rectiving a most presBing! invitation from Lsdy Grand, asking me to spend a weak wife tham-TSpniffli ma a right of the ExhiWHtm on the operucgrisyc-" «mple_q£ dimira pafri; and iSfeh the rest uf my v&t; shoeffi toaagay,oraBqniet,wrElifcBdtomake it. . -7T T" V. : i I Sever can rfin®rt that opemng day 1 The crowd— to- inlHbuKyi-tlm soul- rihringg manip- thB -qaslnlly jlngivri gntiificstion rin,Juvray'a»,-mBdB the aoene mm to be nnt Tarily forgottrai. 5 -w - JnliCri Wvvnrittg AHIHI|i . .. . . -y- » , r J.,,, Gusen. and her ntfolh hrtriiWiti, CThig thrar exslted ymtion, to pamdmii vet so gracefully, made, my ridheart raer wdh: loyalty, anil prwyedGod anmli to hteSBthraa wafctoBryears btsmgfrjiTsm to flto i-T '.Tlx' ;|i,TY,,ar«|t Sr. aBiay;-"- -«r- Umhrat enough, but such a racketing, good- hnmonred fellow. He's more like a boy than a man, and she Is, oh! so quiet and spirituelh-looking. They do make such a funny pair.' 1 Who was she T was, of comae, my next remark. I have often wondered whether we women would not make that remark if we wens introduced to an angel unawares. ' Oh, she's a lady, Aunt Deb, but no one knew much of her till she was married. I think an artist's daughter, . but certainly an orphan. She had lived for several years with her only living relative, a maiden aunt, who had a pretty little place down in a Shropshire village, where Sir James, before his father's death, used to go for fishing and shooting with a college chum. They are not much in town, for she prefers a country life, and ha is devoted to sport of all sort; but when they are up we see nrnch of them, for Tom sod .he are great friends.' Rw frStaa lima mo final vaewflra? U/i Ofl "J WBM HMWWU and I went at once to my room, and gave myself -up to a well earned rest, till my maid cams in to make preparations for my appearance at dinner. The drawing-ream seemed crowded when £ entered, so I sat down near to the door till my niece came round to me bringing an elderly, grave- loo king mm to be introduced. When we were fairly settled down in our allotted places at dinner, £ began to look about the table, | and presently bethought me of the beauty. But there were so many fipergaea and flowers between our eu-d- v is and ourselves, that for a time I could see little but the crowns of the men's heads, and the elaborate head-gear of the I ladies. The menu siowiy dragged itself through, and then in a space made by inn io-qi laugciucu u uluuc ui "u a ut go umucb bo much in vogue in the year of which I speak, I saw a /ace. A face that in one instant brought bade to my mind with startling distinctness that night scene on the Lincolnshire canal — the dreary coal barge, the sick girl, and the dying babe. There waa the self- same golden curly hair, the deep sparkling eyes, the lovely . delicate skin, the broad brow. And yet; how could it be the same woman f 1 thought of the simple cotton garment she wore, the miserable bed in which she lay, and then glanced again at the ele gant attire of my opposite neighbour. The pale blue crape dress, the delicate bertha of French lace caught on the shoulder and breast with sprays of pink apple blossom. Round her oedc a bread black velvet bond, with, a glittering pen dant of opals and diamonds. My brain Beemed to reel with the in tensity of my bewilderment. And while E looked, as though my cup of wonder should be filled, I saw her raise her hand, and, evidently a relief from the heat of the crowded room, she lifted rim vnlwt hand arnnnd hnr throat, and then with perfect distinctness I noticed the triangular Ted mark: I suppose £ must have attested her at tention by my earnest gazs, for I sbw her grow restless and look at me again and again. Then, as if a curtain had been raised. 'from the past, I raw too, in one instant, tint As was present with me in that long-past scene. At last the weary meal drew to a dose, mid as I crossed tile hall, I heard a voice say very gently: 'May I speak to you somewhere T Not trusting myself to answer, £ led the way to my own room, and there, by the light of the mull fire that was bom- ;ing on the hearth, despite its bring May- 'time, we looked at one another in per fect silence, till at last she spoke. \- You remember met' ebe said. ' Yes,' I answered rimpty. She was so Che to look at and bo yoori looking; in the highest meaning of the word, that I . could not suspect hat of evil ; and yat ' what could I say ? - That page to my lifo'e history has be come a dream," she went an ; ' a .dream from, which I thought there was no \- -awakening this aide the grave. Why ! jph, why should -it hot" remain sot There are none now- living, £ believe, who know it bnt you and ma It seems as though £ should live through all that misery again in telling it to anyone' Mychild,' I answered gravely : for her six-and-twenty yean seemed nothing to me who bod passed so many more of life's milestones : you may rest assured yonrsecret wiH still only lie between you and me, as fares Lamconcerned. But — do you do wisely or Well to keep such a secret baric .from your husband ! A secret; too, which has in it so many de ments of scandal and malice should it become known in any other way. She stood quite silent for a f e w minutae with die sad look deepening on her foce. Then rite tamed suddenly and cried out : 'Ton are right — you are right. I have acted as a fool, and sometimes the wright of it seems to drag me down, and .yet I cannot tail my husband, though £ I.ewvra lilM im rfaaraalar Hi fe AO On IMMinff mill dwattHUH-rarratrauyv — eo impulsive in character, though really older tham myBdf; that be would never rest till someone ''-was punished for that which can never be. repaired: No! £ cannot tell anyone. And yet,' aha went on, lingeringly, ' I Could not bear that gov, should think of me' with anything but compassion. Toyou l owisi u life jthat bitter oigfat, whmi exhaustion and -Borrow were slowly .sinking me into my grave. I will tell it to you.' So saying, ahe stid down to the rug at my feet, and ehadmg her fees with oue hand, fodaing uunB tightly clasped in the other, ehe trid mo in s hasrt- bcofcen man ner of the sorrows of her youth. ' 'My fatber was a djutant member of noble family ; his wife a Hungarian girl wbom he loved for her beautyand gwd- : nM-wnto.. While - life was sunnv and bright for bothi he eteadily foereraed to fame as an artist of. no toeanorder. But after bra death, when I: waa but two jjears rid, hisgrief and tondfamas were so great, amtmgst a baay to»rld, that he left; his old associates and ssttteddownfotiie tovriy . Lafa countey — painting just enough fo'keep "the' aroft fenWtifclibbr with the help of a 'small annuity that canm to lam. 6xMn d>4 feihfly estate. 1 ' We1- had: no " hmghbours save ' tiie ' kmffly pottti ''Mew&iaitafl-; tor solely himself . mriant : totodrtfou wirii a man of of Ms cultare,khd,li& smongst , Sfecnui i certaiaiy dreray sndampreaticri. -Ths. qifo vSftbrT toBrimhto trifcfoe.l'MgitaF ttorato fr> i"jL- -.V'-i- | Bring a fellow artist, be Ingratiated Wmsrif with my father until he became quite an authority in our small honse- hold. ' Whether they ever exchanged any confidences as to the reason of their liv ing such sednded fives, £ cannot lefl.- Bot Id course of time he gradually ceased to leave the village at all ; and L grew to obey and defer to- his opinion as mnnh as £ did to that of my father himself ' Our daily life was so monotonous and and simple that I never dreamed of cJinngn of any sort: and never thooght that anything conld occur to break the even tenour of our wsy. But ah ! my friend, most cruelly was my belief shaken. A day came in which the shining sun had no more warmth for me — the sweet rights and sounds of life fell on deafened ears ! 'ft was my seventeenth birthday, and we three >»»d planned a drive of many miles to Ullawater Lake, and then a day of boating and wkritriiing. 1, in my ex citement hsd risen early, prepared the breakfast and planned what preparations old Elizabeth should make for our even ing meal, when I thought how- slow my father was in coming down. I ran up stairs, singing ae I went, and entering his room, with a jest upon his larinsBH, £ found him — howl Dead! Still and cold just as he had fa MmmII down, to rest. I thought he had fainted 'Deathhad never come near tome, and £ knew not the strange viator. True, my girl- mother's death had often been alluded to by him, but in such a simple, tender manner that I only thought of her as just removed one step from as — one step higher on the Jacob's Ladder that reaches from earth to Heaven : God's good angels nearest to Him,- sod oar lost friends just beyond the douds. ' I cannot now tell yon all his depar- hln mMnt fnr Tnn. Onr hnmp 1RU broken up, and what little fond was realised was to be the means of taking me to an aunt who lived all alone in wilder parts of Shropshire. 'Then John Veroey, who, in the time of emergency, hsd mule all arrangements for me, and whose sympathy and care was so doubly precious in my loneliness, asked me if I was willing to be his wife and continue to live in the north country, which my father's grave made dearer to me than any spot on earth. ' I look back now with wider opened eyes, and wonder how even L in my utter ignorance of the world's ways; conld have agreed so quickly ; have consented in two months' time to vow in onr little church to be the wife of a man X really knew so little of 1 For another twelvemonth all went well, and I was as happy as I could ex pect to be considering the ever present sense of my father's toss, when a horrible awakening came to me. I found that I was no wife at all Another woman, years ago, had married him, and to eocene tor temner and extravagance, he had fled and left her. Long had she sought him And now in this quiet qpot, under an assumed name, where to ha lived first as our neighbour, and then as my husband, she found him once again: ' Oh ! that scene in all its bitterness, how it comes to me again 1 E listened to their words till my heart stead still to bear, and I fled to my room. ' I remember a dim, indistinctive feel ing, that now my father's aster was all I had. to tmEt to. Half uiBonacianriy ; driven anby some mad impulse, that cants I know not how : I; gathered together a few of my possessioum emptied my childish money-box of the little hoard that had been accumulating for years, and in the i«n twilight stole ont from that cottage a girl no longer, but an outraged, d repairing woman. 'How the long toilsome journey comes baric to ma now. I travailed partly on foot; and partly by coach, when sneh accommodation was to be met with, till I found myself at fast on the ant-skirts oLa huge town through, which a canal ran. On its banks I have still a recollection of resting before E sought a shelter for Hie mgnt. 'God knows why I thora so dreary I a spot for a resting place ; but He, in His mercy, brought me rough bnt honest friends where IssBt I might expert to fin Mi am Ttore,on that lonely water's edge; T realised how unfit and unable I waa for such a journey;- I suppose I must hove fainted, for I remembered nothing mora till I found rnyaelf In the small cabin, whicb.for many more days sheltered me from eortain dertto. 'The old bmtwoman, with tis.tende&- ness of the most noble lady, tod seen me there ; and gn easing, doubtless, from my travel-stained look, that I was a stranger in the place, had taken me to and done her best to restore me to conraimisiiesa. Then I trid bra as much aa I could of my story, and bring unable to move E lay there till the tiny babe, whmbshouid tove been the soureeof so ranch joy and. thankfulness, was nahered into this world of Huriuw amidst ttose strangc surround- ings. The good woman trid ma lts tours ware numbered, and that if tits barge could reach some village in time, she would send for the clergyman and have it.dnly baptised.' . . 'Bat why didn't she teU me ths and wait next morning to aee what we could do for you F T end. ' Ah, E can scarcely tefi. E remember your face of compassion. And than, in the early dawn, when I was gaining some little strength, E found we had travelled many miles down, the canal, as i the barge was obliged to reacha certain place by the following day. My poor little child had breathed its last, and: whenwe readhed the unlading place, rim: and: bra huriiand arranged for its burial in tto appointed place to their own names. I staved to their humble home for some weeks; and then after giving, them -afi the ifttis pm pt money X possened, save wbat I needed for mr oarney to the country town, of A — , X left them with my heartfiril of gratitude for ttoir compassion to lonely stranger, and found mysriTin a fewtooraatmy ... . . ._ - - .. — - HnwpfaasBd5shewrafow»Jim,baw dm recognised mfthy my lfiraneSB to tor longratrangad' brother, ft ia mmeceesary for me to tell you.' - ButT Wold not un burden my 'besrt They ranted tan de for wanfa to tell. Andto,gDQd rind soul,,imyereaqwred rvary mad, tiiinkmgXJmd stayed' with fdr'; iwwA|winM' : fiifftr thfl -BttttBf wrelrmnelidgriqii. driiooy of to uta toeat ttotfny pnssm and mrariid the fovailds i%". " >4 ; i. i,r, : & V. I room, the old wounds, that bad cut eo deeply, slowly healed over. ' Six years dipped away, and then, amongst tto circle of friends who bright ened onr quiet live I met my husband. He was to me each a revelation of happy, joyous life, that had known no sorrow or gloom, that my saddened heart seemed to gain fresh life mid vigour from his presence. En another year we married, and, to this day, I have never lifted tto veil from that dreary past Tto boat man and his wife E could never hear any thing mure of They were both old, and talked of crtarning to Scotland to end their days amongst their own friends. Of you I had but the fain teat recollection, never having heard your name ; but the good woman told me bow the nourishing food and stimulante yon brought —mum to give me the power of struggling back to life again.' I had listened to her story almost without comment It was so strange, and yet not quite improbable ; while of the truth the absolute truth — of every word T could entertain no doubt Him- manner of telling it had truth unmis takably stamped upon it I coald not, however; refrain from urging tor ones again most earnestly to seek some op portunity of belling hex huriiand all she had trid to me. For a time my words had no effect Then, suddenly throwing her arms around me, she said ;. ' I will ! £ will ! I know he loves me dearly ; and with your help sod testimony, if be likes to prove it all, to can do so.' ' Mrat willingly will £ do everything I can for both of you,' I answered. ' Bat be sure, too, that my lips are for ever closed on this subject to all the world beside till (hat day when all secrets shall stand revealed.' From that hour to this I base never seen tor again. Whether she ever told her husband, I cannot tell ; but this £ do know from, my niece, that she and Sir Junes are still all in all to each other — happy in their beautiful home ; happy in tire possession of children and hosts of friends. May God ever keep her so. £ dropped tto papers in astonishment. What an odd story. To think of Aunt Deb bring dragged into each a romance as this. There most have been some thing more in the old lady than I ever gave her credit for, or how conld she have carried such a secret with, tor to the grave f I, with the more flippant tendencies of the present day, must have found ant what was the end of it all — whether she told her hneband ; whether he ever came across the perfidious Veroey — and perhaps I ehonld have en ded by creating a disturbance that would have famished gossip for tto society journals for monthB to come. I think, however, T still have the grace to see how much nobler and wiser was the reticence of poor Aunt Deb.- — Argosy. 