THE NAVAL BRIGADE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-As one who takes a great interest in the matter of our defences, will you allow me space to reply to some remarks contained in a letter over the signature " Citizen'No. L*' He takes to himself the task of assuring " your readers that when the time comes they will prove themselves the best corps extant.'' By " they," your correspondent refers to the Naval Brigade. I am personally acquainted with a great many men of the Naval Brigade, having always taken lively interest in their welfare, but must say, I cannot go as far in praise of them as " Citizen No. 1 " does. He makes many assertions, but does not prove them. I can disprove one or two. How humiliating ? mist the quotation in my first paragraph be to all New South Wales volunteers. If I thought this to be the opinion of the people I would like to join " the best corps cMant;" but this is not the opinion of those who know the corps best, and until the authorities rid themselves of the great number of landsmen that are in the ranks it will never gain the respect it would rightly deserve were it composed wholly of men from the Royal Navy or merchant service, particularly the R. N. The Naval Brigade are fairly efficient in battalion, company, and cutlass drill; in extended order they are first class, but in gun drill they are sadly astray, and""? of gunnery as a corps they know very little indeed and any person who attended the Naval Brigade gun ' matches of 1887 will bear me out when I say that the way in which the service of the various guns was carried was simply shocking to an onlooker possessed of a, fair knowledge of gunnery. One man actually placed the pro- jectile in the bore of an 80 pound R. M. L. gun point takings' and when told of k's Wnndor he simply laughed a his No. 1, and told him he thought it was a breech 1 leader. i .. "There are many things I would like to write of in the various corps, but I fear trespassing on the space of your most valuable journal; so thanking you in anticipation for the insertion of this, I am, so. NELSON'S GHOST. 