Tub Prospecting Vote for. Ido6-6U having beeii.allocated, the Ayooa 'Pro greaa 'Committee lust week 'received an intimation to the efieot that the money allotted to it was now at : its disposal, and accordingly applications have beeitculied for from mitierp de airous of prospeclinw ai.y localities where tlmy are of opinion gold exists, either in fjuariy, or alluviil couatry. We are pleased to note that the Com mittee noes not intend to lose any time in getting men to work, and also tliat it iiiis been decided to Irospect quariz reefs aa well us alluvial; court- fry, for it is well-known that! many reel's exist in tiiia neighborhood, con taining gold of a payable character. - that have not been developed from tho fact that Loth eneigy and capiml were rerptired to iloat companies suHiuienlly strong to cope with the difficulties to beiiiet with.-. It is, 'therefore, we say we are pleased to learn that it is in tended to prospect'these reel's as far as possible. They have been neglected too long,1 and far tOo mneli time has been allowed to go by' without any steps being taken to '.bring nnier the notice of capitalists and mining spectr I a tors the excellent investments thut they could put their money into, in and 'around! our iuiinedia'te neighborhood; Take for instance the Towtisi ip Ileef, the >lonte Cnristo, the' liiit n Jaelt \ Percydali ), and mtkny oth irs 'that yon Id he named, 'all of w-iilh have j'Bliown from the good returns Jb'aitied when working that snfiioient' capital only was wanting to deve op some ot the best dividend. pftying-inines in the colony. !>jtla'.-hUkdntf8 .existed iu: either -Ballarat "qr |SandhTt, they: would, ns'we'bave stafed many times previously, beep re-opened years Bince, if indeed' tliey had ever been a'ff lowed , to. stop working. The action of. the Committee tnay Tend to raise ritihlir. irit.fmant. ..in thAflA:.rntt&. 51 nil shotild anything like good prospects be brought to light we . fejel assured that; ere long companies woujld be forniod,; having sufficient capital to thoroughly test the roaonrces: |oif the country, and wo accordingly recom- inond that, should no applications be received for assistance in prospecting quartz, the committee employ men to proBpeot one', at least,' of those men tioned, and also Borne of those that are comparatively, unkriown at present, Tho annual moating of tliu Avocii Shiro Gonucil is boing hold at Monnnmbcl to- dav. Mossrs E. A. Wood ami Bros, of No.; 1 Britlgo street; Ballnrat snnouiioo in our atl- ver.tising columns that tlmy aro tiio lurgest maiiufaotiirore of fuiniture in the district, ' .'and that till goods sold by them aro guaran teed. We have personally inspected ithe prpinisos occupied by Messrs Wood and ian' : ..lyjiesjtutingly say thut the piaeo is trulw a paiacoomporium, ami wo Would advise yisi- tors td UsJtot t9 inspoct the Sto'vk 'kopt/,on i hand, .. . ' . ' . : 1 » ' Tho annual Licensing Meeting will bo held at tho Court 'House, Avoca, on Friday, 7th December, for Llie districts .of Avoca,. Back Creek, Moonainbel, Lextoh and Elm- liurst, and wo desire to inform licensoes of tho necessity of lodging their old lioouads for renewal with tho Clork of Courts boforo the day of hearing. It was witli pleasure that wo recorded; a few issues sinco, tliu improved indications in the Gnldcn'Streiim Company's mino, and it is witli much gratilip'ation wc learn tiiat tliu prospects aro: daily, bucoming better," The report fur last week beard this out by stating thai the westdrive isin'splendid strong wusli and payable gold, and the sume report gives the yield for the week as 48oz lOdwtj'which is a marked increase on tho yields for many months past. The. I'ercydale Gold and riilvor Company also bids fair to develop into a payable mine, and on Friday last tliu men were got below, and good ore was discovered. Mr Copclauil,; witli his usual courtesy, waited oii us on Saturday to afford us an opportunity of inspecting the ore in question, which is splendid looking stono, and is un doubtedly a continuation of that found by tliu old Fiddler's Company, yours since. From proseiit indications there uiust .be au excellent future before this mine. , . . . . We urc requested to aguin draw 'attention to tile sale of the furniture aud effects of tlio iuto Mr C. W. Carr, to lie conducted by Mr Jtio. I<\ Paten to-morrow aftornoon. Tho house and land,; uro to bo offered at "two .o'clock,' and for them' there will doubtless he muny bidders. ' . Some disgraceful proceedings were - on- itctod in tho town lute on Saturday nigiit by some persona evidently belonging to tho runksof tliu' lowest typo of The human rticc. From what- we can -gather they — wo say thai/ advisedly — iirst visited the stables of the Albion Hotel anrl took therefrom1 a quantity of chaff and oats, ' the property of Sir P. Griffey, and successfully escaped, de tection. Tliuy then proceeded to a stuok of bricks built up at tliu side of the Victoria Motel, and taking' two of the bricks went us far us ttie " Free .Press" otliue. : Tlioy then stuLionod themselves opposite tliu window of Mr iticllugli's bedroom and buried, with what must have been considerable force, tho dangerous iiiinsio through the glass, one of litem tiarrowely missing Mr Mcllugli, wlio was asleep in bed ul llie lime. The glass nud window frame were, (if course, -completely smashed, and a large dent made in Llie floor. Had Mr MuHugli's hud bucn in any other part of the room lie must iiavo lieen struck with tho bricks, which would, owing to tho velocity they must have been thrown witli, have iivjurud him severely and perhaps caused, his death. The aat is otic of the most disgraceful yul perpetrated in our inidsl, and wc r.ugrul to think there are such umit'-mptihlu scoundrels in the neighborhood. No punishment can be said to be too severe for thehiV and from what wo can learn it is not unlikely that they will, ore long, receive that which they so: richly deserve, for the police arc in possession of facts that will probably lead up to their speedy arrest. At the Avoca Forest (Logan) there lived two brotliors nomed Huutor, who. wore very much attached to each other during their lifetime, so much so that they were' never parLud from their boyhood's days. Tlioy were bolli bachelors, says 'in exchange, aiid it may ha truly said tliut llicy lived and died together, for on tho 11 til' of October tho' younger of tho two, "William, died at tho age of 70 years, und his brother Robort, when returning, from- the funeral .of lih brother, beeaiiio dangerously' ill, mid', had to be conveyed to his homo. Dr Maoyeiin, of Wedderburn, was sou t for, but his medical, skill was of no avail, and on the. llilh of tho., same month Robert Hunter breathed his! last, ul the ripo age of 80 years1, und us a matter oE cnni'Me \v;m internal hasiilu hin brother in tho St. Arnimd cemetery. ., The Deputy-Muster, of ..the Mint .. dosires, says the " Ago"' thut' tliu ' public should . be, warned against attempts wld'cli uro being' made to puss... off gilt j'libiico shillings as sovereigns. Anyone examining . the coins could not bo' misled, as tlioro is a- marked difference in the size of the coins, the shil ling lining much the larger of the. two, and und though the obverse of tho sovereign and the shilling is somewhat similar' from a cur sory point of view, the reverse is .distinctly different, tliu shilling bearing a' shield with the royal coat of arms, uiiit , tho sovereign, a dragon. Several of tho spurious sovereigns have been successfully passed, so!' that it would ho well for' tradespeople and others to ho on their guard. . Madame Patti, wlipu in 'Philadelphia, was attracted by the voioe of a littlo street singer, and the futlior reluctant1)' aHovyed tlio 'priina donna to take away the girl for, tho, purposo of giving Iter a musical education. !.W lion on tho way to England it" transpired .' thut . tho charming child was' not a girl at all, but a lmy dressed iu female uttire. , Madame Patti lost no time in sending the' youth buck'to his father. . , , , In tho cbtirsp'of 'conversation with an M.P, a few days ago, Sir. Henry': Purkca relutod an incident in 'the life of. , Mr' Dalloy, wliich brings 'his' generosity into conspicuous light. Mr Dalloy and Sjr tleni-y Paikes ..wore aql gother in' England, on", ilicir .celebrated' hn- iiiigration "lecturing '.'tour.' :.Tho'y ,liad pro- ceuilod to Coventry, and in the .course of the morning had fanililo'd tngother through a! inagnilieont private piiik. .in which, there I' were many deef; and. signs on overy'sido of plenty and happiness, Coining ,out: of tiio park tlioy wore besieged by a paolc of starving men, women, and children, wlio begged pitoimsly for olutliing and food; .. Tliero was a strike or cotton faniiue on at the timo, and tlie wo.-king population wore reduced in oon- siqueuee to a state of ubsohtto starvation. " Good God," exclaimed Mr Dalloy, " human lieincs iu want of food, and these doer in the rich mun'.s park. I'll get tliein food." ' And do you know," said Sir Ilunry Pai kos to I lie writer, " it was as liiiielr as I cbtild' do to step -him from going in tp slay deer. I liuve often thought that, wits tho most dlmroctoristioaliy Australian'. . thing,. I over .knew." . " ' : : P. The C'asllemaino , correspbndehtV.of, tho " Argus" states tliat.a rumpr! is current .in that district to the effect; that Mr J.' l). Patterson, M.L.A. does not intend to contest' Caitlo- nmino at tliu next: gonoral eiootibn." It is untlerstoood that Mr Patterson intonds to leave for .England in January,, and may pos sibly remain tlioro; and seek eieotiod in tho Houso of Goiiimbhs. , , , Tho Marrpiis ofDufforin and Ava' hold a grand Durbar on Satardajr at Patiala; the oupitul of'tlie nativo Btate of Sirhintl. -He announced thut the Indian Government had decided not to accopt the offers loyally iiiado"' by sovoral of tho Indian Princes 'to'1 contri bute towards tho frontior dofonoes which tlioy hud expressed a desiro. to., do,-., At tho sumo timo ho said, tho /Government would request tlioin to rniso: tlioir arinios tp-.'a high dogreo of efficiency." It ..would appoint' its. own (Imperial) officers,.. and ..would supply tho 'soldiers of nutivo States with breech loaders. - News iiavo boon reo.oivod from the Canary islands that a severe outbreak of yollow feyor has takeu placo at Santa Cruz, the principal town in the group." ' ' ' ' It lias transpired Hist a fresli Papal res cript has been received in Ireland command ing the Irish bishops, to pnforoo the formor rescript, and to'brdor the'-pne'sts'-'tb' preach against hoyobtting and the ,"pl|ih',of:,cum-', paign." '. ' xb i.t. ' MrjJohn Dillon, -M, P. for. East Mayo, haB I irrapged to "sail ' for ' Australiay abotlt tiio I ptldlbofRestarbh, ,!!'- C.;/:. '.! iJ!-'" I By order of the Government two. French journalists iiavo boon oxpollod from Gorman territory for having written and pnblishod an artiolo which was considered obnoxious by the. Gorman Court. , V The-, recent presidential bampaign ' has- brought! to light ' a ' good' 'inony intbrcatinjj storiea, ..more or less .voracious;- about Mr Cleveland. We are asked to believe that when ho first went tp tho. White IIousp, four years ago, ho .was " haunted by the ghosts of Lincoln aud Garfield"— that is to say, in plain English, that -ho was afraid ; but sinco then ho has murriod anil a" IS changed.' "Mr Cleveland's marriago has eithur stiffened liis moral backbone, or given liim a more eoiriprohonsivo idea of tiio posi tion lie occupies than he> appoarod to have before' that event." Wlion ho was a batohe- lor lie entered railway stations by tho babx door, pulled down tho blinds of his carriage, and bowed to nobody. Obviously he cannot do thcHO things whon lie is aocoinpaniud ljy Mrs Cleveland. Every matron will entirely approve of the retiring attitude of tliu batche- lor Presidont-o inodost, self-effacing and appropriate to his incomplete state. _ ' The arrangements for tho grand tour of the baseball j players to. Australia have now boon finally completed, and Australians, says tho Now York correspondent of tho " Sydnoy Horaid," will have an opportunity to study itlio peciliia'rities of our " iilitional gr.mo.'" In its lattor developments of coecntrio -pitching ; new possibilities of ball movement Iiavo' been ovolved, wliich are fur tiioro interesting from a mechanical standpoint than even tho most bewildering displays of fancy billiards. Freud from any firictionnl inllnenpo save that of the ovon pressure of the atmosphere, tlie complex motions given to the sphere have full scope to display themselves in ex- . truordinary forms of tho unexpected. Tho ' one great drawback of the game is tho groat responsibility and influence of the innpiro, couplet! with, tho physieul impossibility of liis seeing at all times tho, facts necessary for a just doeision. In suoli display games as will -be played at Sydnoy or .Melbourne this , defect may not become as painfully apparent us it often duos on American grounds, when many thousands of dollars are hanging upon the result, but a shrewd observer will easily be able to divine its importance. Tim great merit of tho game to Aineiicaii oyes is that the interest in it never Hags ; tho innings succeed ouch other witli cheerful rapidity, and a result of some kiud can bo always reached in two or three hours. The husehall men hold to tlie theory that their skill in fielding will enable them to play a reason ably good game of cricket in spite of their inuxperioheo as batsmen, but this has novor boon tested on a satisfactorily, scale. The opening game iu Australia, according to tho schedule, will be at Sydney on 15th Decern-' her. " A. strike ofllecling about (10 minors has ' occurred at Ballarat, in one or two smaller companies.' An attempt was made to. reduce tliu, pay, und tlie miners came i ut on striko, at the invitation of tiio officers of tlie A.M.A. One of tiio companies lias givon way, but .has reduced the number of hands, throwing 1'J men out of employment. At a meeting .of the Ballarat branch on Saturday evening, ,'wo learn from tho " Courier," it was gener ally felt that something special should be done for tho men out of work, in addition to tho jBl our week strike pay and it was unanimously resolved that a subscription liHt be placed at all the minus in aid of a fund or the purpose'. 