CONSECRATION OF A ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP. THE RIGHT REV. DR. O'REIDLT. A large congregation assembled iu St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday morning to witness tbe cousecration of the Right Rev. Dr. O'Reilly, the uewly-appointed Bishop of Port Augusta, South Australia. Beginning at ff o'clock, tbe ceremonies did not conclude till after 12. Still, they were of so imposing and picturesque a character that the interest of the spectators was sustained to the end. Cardinal Moran was the consecrator, and Dr. Doyle, of Grafton, and Dr. Murray, of Maitland, the assistant bishops, Dr. O'Harun officiating as ceremonial director. The sanctuary wus crowded with priests and dignitaries, Dr. Lanigau, Bishop of Goulburn, among the iatter, and the scene altogether, with the bieuding of the decorative colors aud the rich vesture of the officiating prelates, was a striking one in a spectacular sense. Arch- priest Sheehy and Dr. Carroll, Y.G., were in attendance ou the Cardinal, und Dean Nevin, of Adelaide, the Rev. Father Foran, of Haitlaud, nud the Rev. J. J. Byrne acted respec tively as chapiains to the Bishops of Port Augusta, Muitland und Grafton. Dr. O'BiiJKN, of St. John's College, was the preacher, and concluding a discourse on the apostolic succession of bishops in the Roman Catholic Church be said The archdiocese of Adelaide, in which tho seed of the Gospel was so happily sown years ago, has, under the bles sing of God, so grown and that seed has so multiplied that it ih absolutely necessary a new portion of tho vineyard of tbe Lord should be set apart, and that over it' a new ruler should be appointed, who, walking in the footBtens of tbe apostles, wonld by word and example keep the lamp of faith and the fire of Divine charity burning brightly in tbe midst of his people, that thus the great Christian truths might be ever present to their rainds and the love of Jesus Christ might be ever warm in their hearts. Such a ruler, such a pastor is the newly-con secrated Bishop of Port Augusta. He is now amongst those whom God has appointed in a special mauuer overseers to rule His Church. As St. Paul says—" Take heed to yourselves ana,to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops, to. rule the Church of God, which He has purchased with His Own blood." His duty it will be, as St. Paul further declares, to guard tbe flock from ravenous wolves who may enter, not sparing tbe flock j and from men who will rise up speaking perverse thiugs in order to draw away disciples after them. To him is committed, then, not so much the propagation as the preservation of the faith. After the servicH Dr. O'Reilly received nume rous congratulations. It is understood that the bishop leaves for his see at about the end of May. 