A BLACK SHEEP. SOME EPISODES IN HIS LIFE. By A. 0. (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Ohaptes IX.—Defiance. The surface of things was calm daring the three weeks that elapsed between the accident and Rhoda's wedding. In the village not much was heard of the former affair outside the circle of those imme diately concerned in it, and Rhoda became of so much public importance as to eclipse all rivals for local fame. Annie stayed . in the house, helping to make curtains and tablecloths and other preparations for the homecoming of John's wife. Only the call of duty drew her out. She went to the morning service in a kind of surreptitious way, slipping into a back seat and out of church the moment prayers were over; and she took her class in Sunday-school as before, teaching the children " out of her head," unmolested and ostentatiously unnoticed by the rector, to whose house, of course, she went no more. But below the surface there was considerable disturbance, all on her account, and by reason of the incalculable temperament of her young admirer. Mr. Delavel-Pole was sit deadly feud with hi3 couBin, and had laid the farmhouse under an interdict Bimilar to that laid on the Quirinal by the Pope when Victor Emanuel went to live there. For their Independence and their presumption the Morrisons were punished by the with drawal of his gracious favor; and he pleased himself by thinking that the de privation would be peculiarly distressing to Annie, which certainly it was. Lady Susan had Bleepless nights on account of that danger which the rector had pointed out to her; and the same cause kept John Morrison sternly alert and watchful. Dicky himself did not go to the farm, lest Annie should be made to suffer for it; and he did not go to church on week days because, as he said, it sickened him to see Max playing the hypocrite. Re attended on Sundays, as a duty to his family and the State; and then alone did he get sight of the farmer's daughter—a laxury the more ardently appreciated because it was so rare. Over the uncurtained doorway of the squire's pew he looked down upon the lowly benches where she sat beside her school children, and even when his eyes appeared to be fixed upon his book he lost not one movement of her supple young figure nor one turn of her grace ful head. She certainly was alarmingly .pretty for a girl in.her class of life, as poor Lady Susan alBO convinced herself by many surreptitious investigations from her own cushioned throne ; and on Sundays Annie never failed to emphasise that most fatal of her attractions— a faculty for looking so like a lady that a stranger would not have distin guished her from one. Daring this summer weather she wore delicate muslins in pale blues or lilacs, and a little straw bonnet with white strings tied under the chin— and sometimes she added a white muslin fichu, crossed over her breast and tied at the waist behind, all edged with virginal little frills—a simple but dainty costume that marked her out as a person of refine ment and good taste. Moreover, 'the girl could not have sat or stood to better advantage had an artist occupied the squire's pew and posed her for his own observation. The contrasts of the dark oak, the cold stone, and the coarser speci mens of humanity around her threw her into fine relief, andthellghtfromthestained windows, whether the son Bhone or not, always seemed the right thing for her soft complexion and her burnished brown hair. Her attitude and behavior were modest to a fault; she did nothing that could offend Hie most severe or jealous critic. And -this BC-rnnnlctisness of propriety and self respect was more potent in its effect on Dicky than the most alluring devices of the most experienced siren of the ordinary type could have been. It inflamed while it ennobled his admiration. Every minute that he watched her and saw how delicately and how discreetly she bore herself his first impression that she wa3 a lady deepened in him—the sense that Bhe was worthy to be loved by a geii*lfc*&v9n; and that he waa ready to love her upoti chose terms. v Tea, it had come to that, though he had only spoken to her once. He was young and of an ardent temperament, and long before she had appeared to him In her charmiDg womanhood he had been like a thirsty wayfarer at the public-houae who 1b solicited by. his friends to "give it a name"—if the reader will forgive so coarse a simile. If he had not yet drunk of the wine cf life he scented its aroma, So to speak, and -was conscious of a capacious appetite for its consumption. To a certain extent it did not much matter what the nectar waa, or rather, to modify the metaphor a little, it did not much matter what the goblet was out of which he drank it, so long aa it did not obviously discredit its sacred office. He wanted to love somebody as much as he wanted somebody to love him—indeed, a great deal more ; he was impatlenb for an op portunity to let his young passions, that had begun to feel their strength, go free. Several times he had thought Mmself pro vided with an object for his adoration, but violent disparities of taste or senti ment had arisen at an early stage and nipped all those fair iliusiona in the bud j this was .the first attractive woman who had captivated the man in him without immediately thereafter rubbing his re3fche tic susceptibilities the wrong way. There fore he plunged Into love, nob falling acci dentally, nor yielding to external entice ments, bub like a diver taking a header _ into deep water—into what he imagines to ' be deep water. It was what goes by the name of love with girls and boys, whose claim to know all about it is so preposterously supported by novel ists, poets, and other presumably experienced people who ought to to know better; a very fine and vigorous sentiment certainly, but with very little bottom to it as a rule. When the three weeks were nearly over and he was coming home to dinner from one of his fruitless walks about the village, taken daily in the hope of getting a glimpse of his Annie somewhere, he met John Morrison and his sweetheart sauntering side by side through a green lane. Rhoda had been to the farm, to inspect the new improvements, and John was escorting her home to the coastguard station. "Good evening,air,"said John respect fully, touching his hat. "Good evening," responded Dicky, with a brief nod. He had no softening , heart towards either of these two, who were so unpleasantly near to Annie and had made themselves so objectionable to himself, and his set face did not relax a line. Rhoda smiled her most engaging smile, hesitated, said " Good evening, Mr. Richard," and passed on with evident reluctance to thus conclude the interview. On rejoining John she began to talk rapidly, her distant voice, sounding shrill in Dicky's ears as he strode towards hi3 home } and presently she turned and ran back, arresting him at a door in the park wall, the convenient key of which he carried in his pocket. "Sir," she exclaimed breathlessly, bub with all her wonted air of self- possession, "I beg your pardon, bnt I believe yon said something to Mrs. Morrison about doing us the honor to come to our wedalDg." " Did I ?" he replied. He had to think for a moment; then he admitted that he had said something about it.. " Well, sir," proceeded Rhoda archly, '' tho day is near at hand—next Thursday. We're to be married in church at 11, and have our dinner at mother's, and in the evening Mrs. Morrison is going to give a tea party to welcome us home, and there's to be a dance in the barn in the evening." Dicky listened composedly; it was no tronble to be dignified with Rhoda Appleton out on the nentral ground of a village lane ; then he said he would go to church to see her married with pleasure, and would bring his sisters with him. " But"—insinuatingly—"you said you would come to the wedding, sir?" " And Isn't that the wedding? But if you'll give me an invitation for the dance I shall be delighted to accept it." And though he looked grav.e and cool as he spoke he meant what he said very thoroughly." Rhoda gave liiaa the invitation there and then, and he did accept it, subject only to the condition that it should be en dorsed by the Morrisons, who were to give the entertainment. This preposte rous scruple was laughed to scorn by the bride elect, who took upon herself to assure him that the Morrisons wonld be only too mnch honored by his condescen sion ; bub under the circumstances he In sisted upon the formal guarantee that J ohn would make him welcome. And the same night an elaborate invita tion, indited by Annie, was brought to the Hall by John himself, who was nob only willing to indulge his Rhody and make things pleasant for the .great occasion, but was gratified by the proper spirit shown by Master Richard in the matter. For John assumed that his character of watchdog wa3 understood, and flattered himself that owing to his prompt measures the squire's handsome Bon had abandoned his fancy for Annie and his pernicious danglings after her. "I've taught him his place," said the young farmer with a sombre smile. " It's hands off, and he knows it. Oh, yes, he may come to the dance and the sapper, Rhody, and the dinner too, if you like. I don't think he's half so bad a3 they make out, and of coarse I shall keep a sharp eye on him." So Annie consulted her manual of eti quette and composed a polite note, her maiden heart all a-flutter within her ; and Mr. Richard Delavel had great pleas are in accepting Mrs. Morrison's kind invita tion, and went about for some days with a sense of treading upon air. The wedding " went off" In the mo3t satisfactory manner, its most brilliant feature, not even excepting the bride in her bine silk and orange blossoms, being the presence of Mr. Richard in the group before the altar in the morning and amongst the guests who danced in the Morrison's barn at night. Hi3 parents, to Rhoda's intense relief, did not object to his thus descending from his high estate and demeaning himself to the level of the common herd (because they did not know anything about it); and his discreet and affable behavior was such that the " weddingera," as they styled themselves in the idiom of those parts, not only felt honored to the last degree by his company, but even at ease and able to enjoy them selves notwithstanding. He walked across the park to the church in the morning with his sisters and their governess, the sedate Barbara carrying a little packet of half a dozen silver tea spoons and Katherine a bouquet for the bride. They went through their own churchyard gate and chancel door into their great pew, where they s$t and gossiped behind the curtains until the bridal party arrived and thb rector stalked from his vestry to receive them. Then, as the littie procession passed up the church (as they had walked all the way from the coastguard station), two and two, Katherine, signalled by her brother, Btepped from the door of the pew into the chancel aisle and held oat her bunch of white flowers to Rhoda. The bride accepted them with a whispered "Thank you, miss," and a curtsey —for if Dicky had lost some of the divinity that hedged a Delavel the re3t of the family had not—and hesitated about passing on until Bhe saw what direction the young lady meant to take; Katherine politely waved her. en and turned to re join her governess ; but Dickey pulled her sleeve and said " Stand here, Kitty—we can see better." He did nob particularly want to pandefc to Rhoda's vanity, and he was sja exclusive for his sisters as he wa3 eclectic for himself; but he Baw an oppor tunity to annoy Max, and it w£3 fc00 pro1 cIoub to be thrown away. So he etood up with the wedding parhyf between pretty Annie in her white muaiin ant?' Pfek ribbons and Katherine in hep brown Holland and garden hat; and as Boon as the Service was over—read by the rector in his most distant and stately tones—hastened to shake hands with bride and brldgeroom and all the plebeian party, and to conduct himself generally as if he was their nearest and dearest friend. Mr. Delavel-Pole had himself meant to unbend and he gracious, to relax somewhat the rigor of the interdict in consideration of the occasion, and perhaps pave the way for a gradual reconciliation with the Morrison family and a return to favor of his interesting young Sunday school teacher; bub when he saw his cousin behaving in this manner, altogether forgetting his position and encouraging the poor to forget theirs, he felt that some counter action was necessary for the sup port of Church and State and of thehoi or and dignity of the Delavel house; ai.d stiffened into a rigid hauteur that w s enongh to freeze the marrow of all around him. He did not radiate the palest gleam of sympathy for anybody—happy bride or tearful parents—no more than those effigies of his dead and gone ancestors that lay, Btood, and knelt in Btony still ness all about them. He would offer no congratulations ; he would take no part in—he would not even appear to notice—■ the little flutter of pride and importance that animated the new-made wife and has relations. when the deed that they had come to do waa done. He hoped Hhoda would do her duty, he said, in the new state of life to which it had pleased God to call her. That was all. Dicky was delighted. He went into the vestry and insisted on signing the register. He Introduced his Bisters to Annie (though they knew her much better than he did), and instigated the kind-hearted governesB to say pretty things and be friendly to the agitated and wet-eyed mothers of the newly-married pair, and he presented Lady Susan's teaspoons with a little speech in which he told JEthody that he hoped he should stir with them many a cup of tea brewed by her fair hands, and so on and so on. When it was all over he marched back across the park hand in hand with Katherine, in the highest spirits at having succeeded in putting Max into " one of his infernal tempers." At lunch he was very lively; in the afternoon he was very restless; at dinner he was so silent and abstracted that no one could get a word out of him. An<3 the moment dinner was over and Lady Susan had left the dining-room he slipped from the table and dashed up the shallow dark old Jacobean staircasethab led to his bed room half a dozen steps at a time. "Why, Dicky, what la the matter?" exclaimed Barbara—a very proper and staid young lady—who was descending from the schoolroom to join her mother. " Where'are you going ?" "Nowhere—to bed—for a walk—never you mind," he replied in breathless gasps ; and leaping headlong into his chamber he banged the door behind him. Soon he emerged in his morning clothes —his best morning clothes—and like ona of the ghosts of the house, of which there was an assortment, flitted lightly up and down corridors and back Btaircases until he reached the stableyard. There he found a horse saddled and waiting for him, on which he sped forth into the night. 