thi value of the stage and the decline of art- Br Ai.pnitD D.uirinn. As all men und women aro copubbi in rnmo 'degree of fouling ploaiuro anrl pain, count;- quuntly tho chinf end and nim uf liiuir dusire 1 to avoid pain nnd seek pleasure. All, except tne tow whose cnjoyuieht and nspiratiun are pa«siotuXviy bound up. with iho work of tho day, iriust got a respite from monotonous labor, Hitd to etijoy it thoroughly must turn their thought from tlio well-worn groove and mould in which thn machino of every-day business moves, and repair to those metaphor ical ganluii ana meadows and lake baihud In Runshms and kept in ordur by I'm iiuagination through tho effort of pouts, painter and phyew. . . . Iho Drama, which is poetry in its highest and mon sngguHtive, a well n its most com pact form, has over been tho chief intellectual relaxation of tho gmiural public. It places tlio joy, sorrows, passions, fears, slruggles, temp tation nud triumphs thnt nro thu . esssncn of piotry living liuforo the audience, and makes every spectator, ns It were, a jKiot for thu time bonier by inspiring liim with vivid sympathy for tim paNNiaus nnd uniotions porirayeiJ. lien nnd women, however, much resumblu tiiu imltton of lhinurgo"— when ono breaks through a thicket thn other follow headlong ; and thoro is much discussion at tiiu present tunc nn to tliu declluu iu dramatic art and the donru inado mnnihret by that manyliuadud pursunuhty tlio play-going public for other pur "utx. lhuro can be nj doubt also thnt skating ruiS, whioh undnr thin Uisgulsu liavo taken tho phc: r»» £',q fid dancing-rooms, have to uso an AmriricnnNii, "cvugiit on." Bub that theatrical art lias ite vnlu-i as toaclit-r, and a very great teacher. l»dy in tho invurtu- brato imagumtion of faimt.'r"- fjn»eI into a flainii by intureslud npsrjul.itore.' I '"py point out nlu that in it entiro history th,'!> i"1' never been a timo when thu stage lias itf$ been exjiosuil lo tlm suverust comiuiiuintion our langtiagu is capablo of expressing. It lio always bu»m giving up tlio ghost, always dead, or worthy of death ; bnt tho Drama is a vital pnnciplo and must survive all viois- Rituuo wiiito civilisntiiin endures. And thoro has boon no epoch in IiMtiimno iiistory when tho proftmuon of acting — a piofossloii to wlucli I ain proud to answer tu my tinm when tha muster ' i called— was so honored by tlio widu bj mpathy of mtelluctual greatness. But a jar i felt by those who really lovo art by the attihido sucioty tako with regard to lmr. Sociuty may bu said at present to flirt only with art, not to marry hor, not to knit tier in to tlio earnest, runl life of everyday duties. Ahcru is a wnnt of trim upusitiveiius among thu Philistine eln.«s aslotho high position wdiscli Dramatic Art lia taken and tint liighust riosi- tion to wliich alio is uutitlud, I fad tliat it is strangu'thurc should bo this coarseness of fibre and want pMntelligbnt study of tlio- tilings u'IocImvo lenrn through tlm eyoand car, 'whou tliere is mi much delicacy and 'subtlety in tim stuely of thought arid Unk. Thus thu player's proper metier is tliat of a teacher who fathoms tho depth of character, wlio traces its latent motives, wlio comprehend its philosophy, nnd tliu iiassosaing Imneolf of thu actual mind of man holds liim up as a mirror to Nature. Anil it spoalts volumca for thu Drama's esprit de eorna in nn nge when play-goors too often pay a playnr in an inverse ratio to his deserts, when thoy go to the theatre not to ceo tiiu play, bus because it is clio fenhion, or bucausu they aro bored, that theatrical art nowadays ia more co herent, systematic and cuinprchensivo than it over lias been. Thoexnct effectolsoof the nctnr in introducing reflping influences to tlio gru.it lieurt und brain " of tliu people I1113 hardly been roahsod, Withouttlmstagp.wliurearo tlms'u w'hodonotgo to church, who are notruachod by tho gloved hand of fariiiouablu religion, to learn even an elomontary idea of morality ? Tlui .teaching of tho theatre reaches many whu would find tho teaching of the ohurch abovo their huads, at feast, hut for it. It is a step to higher things, and it is thn best mode of in struction ovor invontud. Tho monk, when they liad the illiterate. to deal witli, resorted to mtraolonWs ns tlio only means to penetrate thuir dull fnculties, ' tn the modern melo drama the character of thu old mysteries sur vives and, muter new names, tencTu's thu old, old lesson ; and I imsurt my belief tliat it is from tbo stage, and from tlio stagy almoat solely, in the crowdoa cities of liurupo, that tho eluinuntary and most c-'uential lessons of morality aro learnt. Tiio theatre are really tho complement of the churches, arid without Lliom morality would droop and dio among the masses.' . liowovur trite and commonplace n drama may be 111 tho opinion of those "einoiric of literature," wlio m thdr ho-rto to bo critioul overlook tho goud uf tho ensemble to poiut out the bad dressing of a super, it must ncomniilish a certain amount of good. I received during my Sydney Reason letters from all 90r.s n.1d renditions of i iconic — letters from'cfergymmi, doctors, lawyow, ladies and, most wolcume of all to me, fetters from tlm mass of tho groat paying public;' letters quaintly expressed. curiously-writBun fetters which showed tliat strained relations subsisted botweuu tho writer and the late lamented- Liridley Murray, but yot fetter striking in tlioir unfirced, un meant pathos, at once touching and true a the tondurrealisticlnnnan nature of Ernt Harte. A regard tho common complaint that inanogsrs cater fur tlio million, I admit it frankly. A manager, witliont ceasing to be an artist, must' of nccusnty wolgh tho commercial uido of his enterprise. The drama' laws the drama' patrons giro .And Uiosu uhohvo to pleaso muatplcaae to lire. Froiutlio tcmiior of the time it isaforugono renclusion that we should abandon thu fnlso bono of yampf ring tho faint nppotito of tho scliolariy class, and administor to the mere generous demands of the' lmblto as contra- distiuguislied ' iu their collcctivo capacity from coteries, clique and critics. Formerly tho first thing lo be considered ivn tho fastid iousness and oaso of thn higher ranks; now it u the taste und tho convenience of the million. Tho affect of this cliscovory upon ' tlio quality and character of theatrical entertain- luentcannotbedisgufoed orovad&d.; Itimsvery conaidorabiy modified them, drav/11 tliemdown from the naked height they once occupied, nud brought . thom nearer to tho hearts and intelligences of tho ma ises. Tim old stngo grandeur, tho lofty noloumittos, tho dignified legitimacy, so fult of nwu, 1ms tottered like tlio slippered' pantaloon from off tho boards for ever aud a day. The modern playgoer denireH an ontortaimnent that shall respond to the existing condition of mankind, to tho pro"rosa of tlio world, to tliu rapid utterance of thnt political and sooial spirit which has broken up old forms and stamped a now vitnhtvujKiii tlio world. The quidnuncs and tho denunciators, tho ptfoplo who condemn, aud the people whu criticise havo contrived more by ignorant stupidity thnn-aotnal malice to advertiaathu stock reproach that wo as a nation havo no drama, and nu exponent of tlm Drama, and that our stage i inferior 10 that of any other country equally civilised. For centuries the Drama ban been fliipproMud, At firat by the priests, who, having used Ihestngo as an ally, grew jealous of its p-»wer. Again by the Puri tans, who, wo havo Lord Macaulay's word for, objected to it on much thu same principle that they disliked bear-buitmg, not bo particularly on account of thu pain occasioned to tlio quad ruped a tho pleasure afforJud to tho biped. Tlio theatre liai been scorned, and tho namo of tbo great dramatist whom playhouse and player havo tnado known to the people is re ceived as if lie really w ar the representative of English honor, English intellect, patrio tism nnd art. But tiie major ;xirtion of thi revorenoo exint only in the mind' cyo, and for all practical purjioaua it is us'-lus. Tliu very persons who dignity tho poet c-lcofe an n rule disparage tliu interpreter of life poetry. Nay, more, thou? who docry the stage aro not seldom puokeliug profits from skating rink shares. Thn desire for novelty is no discredit to onr community. Chunks havo passed ovor- tlio world, aud it 13 necessary to adapt ourselves to thuin. Slmlrctpearo, wlio is univorral and as independent of modes and customs a a human genius depicting tho pasdions of life through human characterisation can bo, is always supreme. Bat Shakespeare aiono and tho wholo of tlio mighty band of the old drama in his train cannot keep bur play-houscH open. Hysterical critic may acotuo uiodoru playgoers of n tendency to FtiilistmUm. Certainly tlioy are not nicotics. Thoy llvo In a world of wrong, If not of sorrow, and they grasp uagorly at % moment's escape. Ami why should tlioy not? Provided always tliat ho nays huueatlyat tho door, not sneaking in tuonmv with unorder, n man who pays lias n right to dictate to managers whatkmd of amuse ment should bo provided for life duloctation.llu may also bu trusted to know what ho likuabest. For him tho play-house exists, and it is ho who supports it. The public will havo interesting melodrama, _ for tho real fact is that thoavuragu playgoer is intensely human,and in thoturmsof thu French quotation tliat has uovuryut boim answered, " wcroidcsvoujf" Tlm culturedmay rovolinthopnrlodsof Gibbon, but thomujority do not regard thu declino and fell in any other light but that of a ponnncu. Tho theatres provide pure amuflemont for tho mnssus who can, us 1 hnvo said, bo appealed to in no othnr way. Their choico of onturtalnmont lies bo- twuon tho Rkntiug rink, tho pubhehouse and tho playhouse, und white tho theatre keeps iioopluout of tho tavern it can ovor claim to bo doing good work in tho world. That auliunco like melodrama is true, and melo drama contains an oxoullent mural pnrposo- Evun now in nu ugo of obstinate pesBiminlieiu tho sympathy with tho actor and with tlio passion of tho drama is extended to tho wholo congregation of spectators. The intcrohango of Bontunnnt Is rapid nud vivid; tho tear whioh flow in unexpected harmony re veal kindred' natures- concealed und»r the conventionalities - of ocminonplaco exstenco. An honest- hoarty laugh ringing tlirough a crowded homo lias brought many heart and hands ' together ; or tho universal acknowledgement of - a beautiful thought oppkon or noted has united often a' sympathetic audionce, who seo with exulta tion that ono great idea on Iho Atage can Btir largo masses and break down the barrier be- twaun one das and anothor— even between distinct nationalities. Thu' is the greatest value 0? tho stage. Therois ono mora point I should like to men tion, and thnt is the pretentious earning that is cropping into modern oriticfem. It should bo re membered that tho stagoovenat its highost has one pncultar and melanoholy feature which bo- longs to it alone of all tha fine arts. Tho fame to bp won ts but mortal, and the efforts of tho per former perish in tiie moment of creation. ' Ho does not address posterity : he has to' be con tent with contomporaiy plaudits; Ho hoars n shout of living triumph, buc loaves -behind him few records tor remembrance. Fortunatus it Is known had . only a life 'interest in his purs?, and at ids death It vanished with him. Evon ao, tho' fame of 'ait' artist; would 'serro as an illustration of the Arabia proverb.' '"To-day a fire, to-morrow ashes." If Thespian suoossses . oca more extraueous and overpowering than the productions of genius in any other direction, they aro &leo; mora evanescent. If thoy combine iu ono en chanting form all that taste and telunt have achieved in tliu sister nrt thoy expire iu tiie inhlst of tho light limy imvu produced. The genius of the composer lias brtuth-d iho s-»ul of harmony into life pieces. Tlio mighty concep tions of Handel, the bowitching melody of Mozart, will captivate mankind to tho end of tune. And nUhmigh tlio skill of tho vocalist lives, ihu of the performer is hoard no more when the strain aro over; tlio inusio re- main, and nnollu-r artist will recall again the iirat iilurinn but 11a one can recall ; nothing can perpetuate the nobler conception of tlio actor. Tim generation who ha witni-Hsed may retain indeed llu-ir inimitable perfection imtelihJv en graven 011 their memory, bnt nothing can 'con vey is to futuro generation. Let people remember tliero is 110 drclinc, merely an Alteration, in the tendency ot tho drama, and tha extraordinary litcionHo in thuatrua within thu Australian colotiteu argue, and argue rightly, an iucrens1.' in the number who siipjiort their., Lut religious jwopfe think what Henry Irving Raid only tlio other day, " I am not aware, thuro m any divorce between Christianity and honest rccrenti >11," nnd that iriiirtiu Luther wan uf opinion tliafChriHimus should nut altogether flue from comedies bu- cnuji" now und then tliero are conrsc matter iu them." For the sanin reason wo inurht ceaso to read tho Bible,- -Ths JJoorncraiuj. 