THE NOVELIST. THE ARGONAUTS OF NORTH LIBERTY. BT BEET HABTE, Author ot "The Luck of Boaricg Camp" ''The ni«d of Sandy Bar,' " In the Carqninez Woods, Ac CHAPTER VIII. Mrs. Demoreat was so fasoinated by the company of Dofia Boaita Pioo ana her romantic memories that she prevailed npon that heart-broken, but scarcely attennated young lady, to prolong her visit beyond the fortnight she had allotted to communion with the past. For a day or two following her singular experience In the garden, Mrs. Demoreat plied her with questions regarding the apparition she had seen, and finally extorted from her the admission that she could not positively Bwear to itB being the real Johnson, or even a perfeotlv consistent shade of that faithless man. When Joan pointed out to her that such masculine per fections as curling raven locks, long silken mustaohios, and dark eyes were attributes by no means exclusive to her lover, hut were occasionally seen among others lesB favoured and even equally dangerous Americans, DoBa Boaita asBented with leas objection than Joan anticipated. "Besides, dear," said Joan, eyeing her with feline watchfulness, "it ia four years sinoe you've seen him, and surely the man has either shaved since, or else he took a ridiculous vow never to doit, and then he would be more fully bearded." But Dofia Boaita only shook her pretty head. " Ah, but he have au air—a some thing I know not what you call—so." She threw her shawl over her left shoulder, and as far as a pair of soft blue eyes and comfor table pacific features would admit, endea voured to oonvey an idea of wicked and gloomy abstraction. " Yon child," said Joan, " that's nothing; they all of them do that. Why, there was a stranger at the Oriental Hotel whom I met twice when I was there—just as mysterious, romsmtic, and wicked looking. And in faot they hinted terrible things about him. Well, so muoh so that Mr. Demoreat was quite fooliBh about my being barely civil to him— Sou understand—and"-^— She stopped sud enly, with a heightened colour under the fire of Boilta's laughing eyes. " Ah—so—Dofia Discretion ! Tell to me alL Did our hoosband eat htm ?" Joan's features suddenly tightened to their old Puritan rigidity. "Mr. DemoreBt has reasons—abundant reasons—to thoroughly understand and trust me," she replied in an austere voice. Boaita looked at her a moment in mystifica tion and then Bhrugged her shoulders. The conversation dropped. Nevertheless, it is worth; of being recorded that from that moment the nsual familiar allusions, playful and serious, to Boeita's mysterious visitor began to diminish in frequency, and finally ceased. Even the news brought by Demorest of some vague rumour in the Pueblo that an intended attack on the stage coach had been frustrated by the authorities, and that the vioinity had been haunted by incognitos of both parties, failed to revive the discussion. Meantime the slight exoitement that had stirred the sluggish life of the Pueblo of San Buenaventura had subsided. The posado of Sefior Mateo had lost its feverish and per plexing dual life; the alley behind it no longer was congested by lounging cigarette smokers; the compartment looking upon the silent patio was unoccupied, and its chairs and tables were empty. The two Deputy Sheriffs, of whom Sefior Mateo presumably knew very little, had fled; and the mysterious Sefior Johnson, of whom he—still presumably —knew still leBB, had also disappeared. For Sefior Mateo's knowledge of what had transpired in and about his Posada, and of the character and purposes of those who frequented it, was tinctured by grave and philosophical doubts. The courteous and dignified scepticism generally took the formula of quien sabe to all frivolous and mundane enquiry. He would affirm with strict verity that his omelettes were un approachable, his beds miraculous, his aguardiente supreme, his house was even as your own. Beyond theBe were questions with which the simply finite and always discreet human intelleot declined to grapple. The disturbing effect of Sefior Corwin npon a mind thus gravely constituted may be easily imagined. Besides Bzekiel's inordinate capacity for useless or indiscreet information, it was undeniable that his patent medicines had effected a certain peaceful revolutionary movement in San Buenaventura. A simple and superstitious community that had steadily resisted the practical domestic and agricultural American improvements, suc cumbed to the occult healing influences of the Panaoea and Jones's Bitters. The virtues of a myBterions balsam, more or Ibbb illumi nated with a coloured mythological label, deeply impressed them; and the exhibition of a circular, whereon a celestial visitant was represented as descending with a gross of Sogers' pills to a suffering but admiring mul titude, touched their religious sympathies to such an extent that the good Padre Jos6 was obliged to warn them from the pulpit of the diabolical charaoter of theBe heresies of heal ing—with the natural result of yet more dangerously advertising Jfzekiel. There were those too who spoke under their breath of the miraculous efficacy of these nostrums. Had not Don Viator Arguello, whose respectable digestion, exhausted by continuous pepper and garlic, failed him suddenly, received an unexpected and pleasurable stimulus from the Hew England rum, which was the basis of the Jones Bitters? Had not the baker, tremulous from excessive aguardiente, been soothed and sustained by the invisible morphia, judiciously hidden in Blogg's Nerve Tonic? Nor had the wily Ezekiel forgotten the weaker bbx in their maiden and maternal requirements. Cngueots, that made silken their black but somewhat coarsely fibrous tresses, opened charming possibilities to the Sefioritas; while soothing syrups lent a peaceful repose to many a distracted mother's household. The success of Ezekiel was so marked as to justify his return at the end of three weeks with a fresh assortment and an undiminished audacity. It was on his second visit that the sceptical, non-committal policy of Senor Mateo was sorely tried. Arriving at the posada one night, Ezekiel became aware that his host was engaged in some mysterious conference with a visitor who had entered through the ordinary public room. The view whiok the acute Ezekiel managed to get of the stranger, however, waB productive of no further dis covery than that he bore a faint and disre Sutable resemblance to Blandford, and was Budsome after a conscious, reckless fashion, with an air of mingled bravado and conceit. Bnt an hour later, as Corwin was taking the cooler air of the verandah before retiring to one of the miraculous beds of the posada, he was amazed at seeing what was apparently Blandford himself emerge on horseback from the alley, and after a quick glance towards the verandah,_ canter rapidly up the street. Ezekiel s first impression was to call to him, but the sodden recollection that he parted from his old master on confidential terms only three days before in San Pranoisoo, and that it was impossible for him to be in the Pueblot stopped him with his fingers medita tively in hu beard. Then he turned in to the posada, and hastily summoned Mateo. That gentleman presented himself in a state of sueh profound scepticism that it seemed to have already communicated itself to his Bhoulders, and gave him the appearance of having shrugged himself into the room. "Ha ow long ego did Mr. Johnson get here 1" ashed Corwm, lazily. " Ah—possibly—then there has been a Mr. Johnson 1" This as a polite doubt of his own perceptions and a courteous aoceptanoe of his questioner's. " Wa'al, I guess so. Considerin' I jest saw him with my own eyes," returned Ezekiel. " Ah 1" Mateo was relieved. Might he congratulate the Sefior Oorwin, who must be also relieved, and shake his respected hand. Bueno. And then he had met this Sefior Johnson 1 doubtless a friend? And he was well ? and all were happy ? " Look yer, Mattayo 1 What I wanter know ez this. When did that man who has just ridden out of your alley come here? Babe that—it's a plain question." Ah, surely, of the dearest comprehension. Bueno, It may have been last week—or even this week—or perhaps yesterday—or of a possibility to-day. The Sefior Cor win, who was wise and omniscient, would comprehend that the difficulty lay in deoiding who was that man. Perhaps a friend of tbe Sefior Corwin—perhaps only one who looked like him. There existed—might Mateo point out —a doubt. Ezekiel regarded Mateo with a certain grim appreciation. " Wa'al, is there any body about here who looks like Johnson ?" Again there was the difficulty of ascertain ing perfectly how the Sefior Johnson looked. If the Sefior Johnson was Americano, doubt less there were other Americanos who had resembled him. It was possible. The Sefior Corwin had observed for a little spaoe a caballero who was here, as it were in the instant of the appearance of Sefior Johnson. PoBsibly there was a resemblance, and yefc Liorwin nau certainly nouoeu inis resem blance, bnt it did not suit hie cautions intel lect to fall in with any prevailing aoeptioism of hie host. Satisfied in hia mind that Mateo was concealing: something from him, and equally satisfied that he wonld sooner or later find it out, he grinned diabolically in the faoe of that worthy man, and sought the meditation of his miraoulous oouch. When he had departed the sceptic turned to his wife— " This animal has been sniffing at the trail." " Truly; but, Mother of God, where is the discretion of our friend ? If he will oontinue to haunt the Pueblo like a love-Bick chioken, he will get his neck wrung yet." Following out an ingenious idea of his own, Ezekiel called the next day on the De moreBts, and in some ocoult fashion ob tained an invitation to stay under their hos pitable roof during his sojourn in Buena ventura. Perfectly aware that he owed this courtesv more to Juan than her husband, it is probable that his grim enjoyment was not diminished by the fact; while Joan, for reasons of her own, preferred the constraint whioh the presence of another visitor put upon Demorest's uxoriousness. Of late, too, there were times when Dofia Rosita's naive intelligence, whioh was not unlike the em barrassing perceptions of a bright and half spoiled child, was in her way, and she would willingly have shared the young lady's com pany with her husband had Demoreat shown any sympathy for the girl. It was in the faint nope that Ezekiel might in some way beguile Bosita's wandering attention that she had invited him. The only difficulty lay in his uncoutbness, and in presenting to the heiress of the Fico's a man who had been formerly her own servant. Had she attempted to conceal that fact she was satisfied that Ezekiel's independence and natural predilec tion for embarrassing situations would have inevitably revealed it. She had even gone bo far 6B to consider the propriety of investing him with a poor relationship to her family, when Dofia RoBita herself happily stopped all further trouble. On her very first introduction to him that charming young lady at once accepted him aB a lunatio whose brains were turned by ocoult, scientific, and medical study ! Ah! Bhe, Bosita, had heard of such cases before. Had not a paternal ancestor of hero, one Don Diego Castro be lieved be had discovered the elixir of youth. Had he not to that end refused even to wash him the hand, to cut him the nail of the finger and the hair of the head 1 Exalted by that discovery, had he not been unsparingly uncomplimentary to all humanity, especially to the weaker sex? Even aB the Sefior Corwin 1 Far from being ottended at this ingenious interpretation of hie character) Ezekiel ex hibited a dry gratification oyer it, and even conceived an unwholesome admiration of the fair critic; he haunted her presence and preoccupied her society far beyond Joan's moBt sanguine expeotationB. He sat in open-mouthed enjoyment of her at the table, he waylaid her in the garden, he at tempted to teaoh her English. Doni Rosita reoeived these extraordinary advances in a no lees extraordinary manner. In the scant masculine atmosphere of the house and the somewhat rigid New England reserve that still pervaded it, perhaps she languished a little, and was not averse to a slight flirtation evenwithamadman. Besides, she assumed the attitude of exercising a wholesome restraint over him. " If we are not found dead in onr bed one morning, and extraoted of our blood for a cordial you shall thank to me for it," she said to Joan. "Also for the not em poisoning of the coffee ?" So she permitted him to carry a chair or hammock for her into the garden, to fetch the various articles which she was con tinually losing, and which he found with his usual penetration ; and to supply her with information, in which, however, he exercised an unwonted cantion. On the other hand, certain naive reoolleotions and admissions, wbioh in the quality of a voluble child she occasionally imparted to thiB " madman" in return, were in the proportion of three to one. It had been a hot day, and even the nsnal sunset breeze had failed that evening to rock the tops of the ontlying pine-trees or oool the heated tileB of the Pueblo roofs. There was a buBh and latent expectancy in the air that re-acted upon the people with feverish unrest and uneasiness; even a lull in the faintly whispering garden around the Demorests' casa had affected the spirits of its inmates, causing them to wander about in vague rest lessness. Joan had disappeared; Dona Rosita, under an olive-tree in one of the deserted paths, and attended by the faithful Ezekiel, had said it was "earthquake weather," and recalled, with a sign of the cross, a certain dreadful day of her ohild hood, when el temblor had shaken down one of the Mission towers. " You shall see it now, as he have left it, so it has remain, always," she added with superstitions gravity. "That's just the lazy shiftlessness of year folks," responded Ezekiel with prompt an gallantry. "It ain't no wonder the Lord Almighty hez to stir yon up now and then to keep yon goin.'" Dofia Rosita gazed at him with simple, childish pity. Poor man; it hare affect yon also in the head, this weather. So 1 It was even so with the nnele of my father. Hush np yourself, and bring to me the box of chocolotes of my table. 1 will gif to yon one. Yon shall for one time have something pleasant on the end of yonr tongue, even if yon most swallow him after." Ezekialgrinned. "Ye aint afraid o'bein' leit alone with the ghost that haunts the garden, Miss Bosita 7" " After you—never-r-r." "Ill find MrB. Demorest and send her to ye," said Ezekial, hesitatingly. "Eh, to attract here the ghost 1 Thank yon, no, very mooch." Kzekiel's faoe contracted until nothing bnt his bright peering grey eyeB could be seen. " Attract the ghost," he eoboed, " Then yon kalkilate that its" he stopped, in sinuatingly. RoBita brought her fan sharply over his knnckles, and immediately opened it again over her half-embarrassed face. " I compre hend not anything to ' ekalkilate.' Will yon go, Don Fantaatico, or is it for me to bring to you 7" Ezekiel flew. He quickly fonnd the chocolateB and returned, bat was disoonoerted on arriving nnder the olive-tree to find Dofia Rosita no longer in the hammook. He tnrned into a bye-path, where an extraordinary circnmBtance attracted his attention. The air was perfeotly still, but the leaves of a manzaniia bush near the mis- shapen oactus were slightly agitated. Presently Ezekiel saw the stealthy figure of a man emerge from behind it and approach the caotuB. Beaching his hand cautiously towards the plant, the stranger detached something from one of its thorns and instantly disappeared. The quick eyeB of Ezekiel had seen that it was a letter, hiB unerring perception of faces reoognised at the same moment that the intruder was none other than the handsome, reckless-looking man he had seen the other day in conference with Mateo. lint nzemei was not tne only witness ot this strange intrnsion. A few paces from him Dofia Bosita, nnconseions of bis return, was gazing in a half-frightened, breathless absorption in the direotionof the stranger's flight. •' Wa'al 1" drawled Ezekiel lazily. She started and turned towards him. Her face wbb pale and alarmed, and yet to the critical eye of Ezekiel it seemed to wear an expression of gratified Lrelief. She laughed faintly. " Ef that's the kind o' ghost you hev about yer it's a healthy one," drawled Ezekiel. He turned and fixed his keen eyes on Bosita's face. " I wonder what kind o' fruit grows on the cactus that he's so fond of ?" Either she had not Been the abstraction of the letter, or his aoting was perfect, tor she returned his look unwaveringly. " The frnit, eh ? I have not comprehend." " Wa'al, I reckon 1 will," Bald Ezekiel. He walked towards the caatus; there was ! nothing to be seen but its thorny spikes. He was confronted, however, by tne sudden apparition of Joan from behind the manzanita, at its side. She looked up and glanced from Ezekiel to Dofia RoBita with an agitated air. " Oh, you saw him too?" she said eagerly. "I reckon," answered Ezekiel, with his eyes still on Bosita. " I was wondering what on airth he was so taken with that air oactus for." Bosita had beoome slightly pale again in the preeence of her friend. Joan qnietly gushed Ezekiel aside and put her arm around er. "Are you frightened again t" she asked in a low whisper. "Hot mooch," returned Bosita, without lifting her eyes. " It was only some peon, trespassing to pick blossoms for his sweetheart," she said signifi cantly, with a glance towards Ezekiel, " let us co in." She passed her hand through BoBita's Sassive arm and led her towards the house, zekiel's penetrating eyes still following Bosita with an expreBBion of gratified doubt. For once, however, that astute observer was wrong. When Mrs. Demoreet had reached the bouse she slipped into her own room, and, bolting the door, drew from her bosom a letter which she had ploked from the cactus thora and read it with a flushed face and eager eyes. At may Have been the effect of the phe nomenal weather, bnt the next day a malign influence seemed to pervade the Demorest household. Doha Rosita was confined to her room by an attack of languid nerves, super induced, as she was still voluble enough to deolare, by the narcotic effect of some un known herb which the lunatio Ezekiel had no doubt mysteriously administered to her with a view of experimenting on its proper ties. She even avowed that we must speedily return to Los Ebob, before Ezekiel should further compromise her reputation by patting her on a coloured label in plaoe of the usual Celestial Distributor of the Panaoea. Ezekiel himself, who had been singularly abstracted and reticent, and bad absolutely foregone one or two opportunities of disagreeable criti cism, had gone to the Pueblo early that morning. The house waB comparatively silent and deserted when Demorest walked into bis wife's boudoir. It was a pretty room looking npon the garden, furnished with a singular mingling of er own inherited formal tastes and the more sensuous colouring and abandon of her new life. There were a great many rugs and hangings scattered in disorder around the room, and apparently purposeless, except for colour ; there was a bamboo lounge as large as a divan, with two or three cushions dis posed on it, and a low chair that seemed the incarnation of indolence. Opposed to this on the wall was the rigid piotnre of her grand father, who had apparently retired with his volume farther into the canvas before the spectacle of this ungodly opulence; a large Bible on a funereal trestle-like stand, and the primmest and barest of writing-tables, before which ehe was standing as at a sacrificial altar. With an almost mechanical movement she closed her portfolio ae her hneband entered, and also shut the lid of a small box with a slight snap. This suggested exclusion of him from her previous occupa tion, whatever it might have been, caused a faint shadow of pain to pass aoross his loving eyes. He cast a glance at his wife as if mntely asking her to sit beside him, but she drew a chair to the table, and with her elbow resting on the box resignedly awaited his speech. " I don't mean to dlstnrb yon, darling," he said, gently, "bnt as we were alone I thought we might have one of onr old-fashioned talks, and"— *' Don't let it be eo old-fashioned as to in clnde North Liberty againt" she interrupted, wearily. " We've had quite enough of that since I returned." " I thought yon fonnd fault with me then for forgetting the past. Bat let that pass, dear; it is not our affairs I wanted to talk to yon abont now," he said, stifling a Bigh, " it's about your friend. Please don't misunder stand what 1 am going to say: nor that I interpose ezoept from necessity." She tuned her dark brown eyes in Us direction, bat her glance passed abstractedly over his bead into the garden. " It's a matter perfeotiy well known to me —and, I fear, to all our servants also—that somebody is making clandestine visits to ou garden. I would not trouble yon before until I ascertained the objeot of these visits. It is quite plain to me now that Doha Bosita is that objeot, and that communications are secretly earned on between her and some unknown stranger. He has been here once or twice before; he was here again yesterday, bzekial saw him and saw her." "Together!" asked Mrs. Demorest sharply. "No; but it was evident that there was some understanding, and that some commu nication passed between them." "Well?" said Mrs. Demorest, with re pressed impatience. "It is equally evident, Joan, that this stranger is a man who does not dare to approach your friend in her own house, nor more openly in this; but who, with her con nivance, uses us to carry on an intrigue which may be perfectly innocent, but is oertainly compromising to all ooncerned. 1 am quite willing to believe that Doha Bosita is only romantic and reckless, but that will not pre vent her from becoming a dope of some rasoal who dare not face us openly, and who cer tainly does not act as her equal." " Well, Bosita is no cMcken, and you are not her guardian." There was a vague heartlessness, more in her voice than in her words, that touohed him as her cold Indifferenoe to himself had never done, and for an instant stnng his crushed spirit to revolt. "No," he said sternly, "but I am her father's friend, and I shall not allow his daughter to be compro mised under my roof." Her eves sprang up to meet his In hatred as promptly as they onoe had met in love. " And eince when, Biohard Demorest, have yon become bo particular ?" she began, with dry asperity. "Since you lured me from the Bide of my wedded husband ? Since you met me clandestinely in trains and made love to me under an assumed name ? Since you fol lowed »te to my house under the pretext of being my husband's friend, and forced me— yes. forced me—to see you secretly under my mother's roof? Did you think of compro mising me then ? Did you think of ruining my reputation, of driving my husband from Did you call yourself a his home in despair ? raBoedtben? Did— "Stop !" he said, in a voice that shook the rafters; " I command you, stop i" She had gradually worked herself from a deliberately insulting precision into a hysterioal, and it is to be feared, a virtuous conviction of her wrongs. Beginning only i with the instinct to tannt and wound the man before her, Bhe had been led by a seoret con sciousness of something else he did not know to anticipate hiB reproach and justify herself in a wild feminine abandonment of emotion. But she Btopped at his words. For a moment she was even thrilled again by the strength and imperiouBness she had loved. They were facing each other after five ?ears of mistaken passion, even as they had seed each other that night in her mother's kitchen. But the grave of that dead passion yawned between tbem. It was Joan who broke the silence, that after her Bingle ont bnrat seemed to fill mid oppress the room. "As far as Bosita 1b concerned," she said, with affected calmness, "she is going to night. And you will probably not be troubled any longer by your mysterious visitor." Whether he heeded the sarcastic signifi cance of her last sentence, or even heard her at all, he did not reply. For a moment he turned his blazing eyes full upon her, and then without a word strode from the room. She walked to the door and stood uneasily listening in the passage nntil she heard the mi" clatter of hoofs In the paved patio, and knew that he had ordered his horse, Then she tnrned back relieved to her room. It was already sunset when Demorest drew rein again at the entrance of the corral, and the last stroke of the Angelus was ringing from the mission tower. He looked haggard aed exhausted, and his horse was flecked with foam and dirt. Wherever he had been, or for what object, or whether objectless and dazed, he had simply sought to loBe himself in aimlessly wandering over the dry yellow hills or in careering furionsly amonghis own wild cattleon the arid brittle plains, Whether he had beaten all thought from hiB brain with the jarring leap of his horse, or whether he bad pnrsuea some vague and elusive de termination to his own door, is not essential to this brief chronicle. Bnongh that when he dismounted he drew a pistol from his holster and replaced it in his pooket. He had just pushed open the Rate of the corral as he led in his norse by the bridle, when he notioed another horse tethered among some cotton woods that shaded the onter wall of his garden. As he gazed the figure of a man swung lightly from one of the upper boughs of a cotton wood upon the wall, and disappeared on the other side. It was evidently the clandestine visitor, Demorest was in no mood ior trifling. Hurriedly driving bis horse into the enclosure with a sharp cut of his riato, he closed the gate upon him, slipped past the intervening space into the patio and then unnoticed into the upper part of the garden. Taking a narrow bye path in the direction of the cotton woods that could be seen above the wall, he presently came in sight of the object of his search moving stealthily towards the house. It was the work of a moment only to dash forward and seize bim, to find himself engaged in a sharp wrestle, to half draw his pistol as he struggled with his captive in the open. Bnt once in the clearer light he started, his grasp of the stranger relaxed, and he fell back in bewildering terror. " Edward Blandford! Good God !" The pistol had dropped from hie hand as he leant breathless against a tree. The stranger kicked the weapon contemptuonsly aside. Then quietly adjusting his disordered dress, and pioking the brambles from his sleeve, he said with the air of disdain, "YesI Edward Blandford, whom you thongnt dead! There I I'm not a ghost—though you tried to make me one this time Bure," he said, point ing to the pistol. Demorest passed his hand across hiB white face. "Then it's you—and you nave oome here for—for—Joan?" "For Joan?" eohoed Blandford, with quick scornful laugb, that made the blood flow back into Demorest's face as from a blow, and recalled his soattered senses. " For Joan," he repeated, "Not muoh 1" The two men were facing each other in irreconcilable yet confused antagonism. Both were still excited and combative from their late physical struggle, but with feelings so widely different that it would have been im possible for either to have comprehended the other. In the figure that had apparently risen from the dead to confront him, Demo rest only taw the man he bad unconBoiously wronged—the man who had it in his power to claim Joan and exact a terrible retribu tion ! But it was part of this monstrous and irreconcilable situation that Blandford had sewed to contemplate it, and in hie preooau pation only enw the actual interference of a man whom he no longer hated, bnt had begun to pity and deapiie. He glanced coolly around him. " What ever we've got to say to each other." he said deliberately, " had better not be overheard^ At least what 1 have got to say to yon." 