MMmaD MAjSjS ROCK. BEriNDING OF THE GREAT RUBY, a Koman'oe by Q, ' BOOK ii,.; CHATTER X. (Continued,) W 1VHAT HANNEIl I LEABNT THE 1 BtCBCT OP THE GREAT KEY, ' ' ' B»Sollivtr most have toad my thoughts, for Ktfinokediieailily at me oat of those dark vgjj-i tit, and then said very slowly and Ifttowsth. it grieves me to. taunt K| oiierable case, Dnc ao yoa mina my K'Sig that yea are a fool?' limply stored in anBwer. BJonr fatbor was a fool— a pitiful fool ; Mil yon are a foul, Whioh would lead me, b5 I not know better, to believe that yuur R'ldfather, Amoa Trenoweth, wub a fool Km i should wrong him if I called him pZ' He was a villain, a black-hearted, K'Sderons, oold-bloodsd, damnable villain ; P'ff he was ODly ft fo»l for once ia his life, BTJHP teat was wnsn ne craavuu iu vae uunau ul pWdmceadante.' ,, IaBiS voice, as he >poke of my grandfather, IFfihv suddenly shrill and discordant, while I'wojes blazed up in fnriona wrath.. In a ljfcnd or two, hoirever, ho calmed himself |''Siu end went on qaietly aa before.. I'Yon wonder, parha'ps, why I call you a I' jail, it is because you have lived for foar- I fi years wite. your haud upon riobeB.that | ,'2i|d make a king jealous, and have never I- mh the sense to grasp them ; it ia because LSp bavo abut your .uyos, when you might |i||fs seen, have- boen a beggar when you frSbbt have ridden in a carriage. Upon my EjSgid, Ur, Jasper Trenoweth, whoa I tbink of ||jpr folly I havo halt a mind tobedog-aiok IfBlh yon myself.' liKwbat could the men mean? What wbb Hftis clue which I had never found ? Pif1 1 And all the tiaiu it wus wiitten npon this His; here, as large ob fife ; not only that, but, K|o leave you no excaso, Autos Trenoweth K'rielually told you that it'wns written here.' KT' IVbat do you mean ?' stammered I, forced Kfbto speech at l&Bt.; pC'Ab,Bo you hove found your voice, have proa! Wbat do I moan? Do you moan to Elff fou do not gaesa even now ? Upon my wtfeniil 1 am loth to kill so fair a fool.' ii? He regarded me for a moment with pitying iStentsmpt, then stretched ont his hand and fijtooltup my grandfather's key. |kj 1 1 read here,' he Baid, ' written very if-'rletrly and distinotly, certain words. You ismcstkuow those words; but I will repeat t|theiu to yon to refresh youc memory IS" Thy house is set npon the sands; and thy ET hopes by a dead man." ' 1 J ' Well ?'I asked, for— fool that I was — even I'pst 1 did not understand. If! 1 Mi. JaBper Trenoweth, did you never bear lf| tell ol such a placo as Dead Man's Rock?' |;| Tbe truth, the whole horrible certainty of f lit, struck me OB one groat wave, and rasbed (Crater my bent beud as with the whirl and roar Mel many waters. ' Dead Man's Rock— Dead EJ Man's Rock 1' It sang in iny ears as it swept Kims off my feet for a moment end passed, imitating me to -ink aud battle in the galf nf Kj bottomless despair. And thou, as if, 1 really Rj drowned, my past fife, with all ite follies, Ermiilakeo, wreoked hopes, and baseiosB EldMiunt ohm ntaiftlo mar. In nnn Inner train. ii Again I saw my moth&r;'a patient, anxioas 13 smile, my father's drowned face, with the K Mil dropr trickling from his golden hair, the Kj liruggleoc tbe rock, the inquest, the awful lice at tbe window, theno.-psoa of my parents i-| i»stche(l side by Bide upon tbe bed, tbe Kj fcene oi tbo g-mlilinc-iiel! with all its white Ki. ud desperate facos, Claire, my tost love, tbe || river, the theatre, Tom's death, and that II lut dreadful scene, Francesco with tbe dark 1 bloodsoaking her whito dress and trickling If dowa upon tbe boards. I tried to pnt my udt before my nyes, bnt the cords held and Ed cat my arms like burniin; steel. Then in a R flash I seemed to be striding madly up and B| down Oxtoid street, wbiiouliUiu front of me | danced and flew the yellow woman, her j£ every diamonl Hashing in the gas- light, ber cold, black eyes, as they turned aud mooked j te'i 'blazing marshdiglits' of doom. Then i came the ringing ol many belle in my f- iS"' P'?8'ed with' silvery laughter, as ! ugh the iiende were ringing jubilant peals 5 Within the pit. i Pretently the sights grew dim and died bnt' thft nhiminflp laiirfhtap ofiill nntta tiousd. I looked np. It was Collivsr laughing, and hi; face WMlh.tof au atch- davil. i ,® ?a l!00 eo sea yon,' he exalaimed ; .j"1 YM, R la honey to my soul. F ol.tend a iS®a'? . tlm»l lvoi I thut ovur 1 euould have uvea to i thus over yon and yonr ac cursed bonis.' . more bis voios grew ehrill and his cres naehed ; once more he collected him- t,. Pa uficllhear it ont,' lin said. 1 Look .aI"J he . pulled a greasy book from his pooket. Here ia anootical almanac What uay to ft l Dscemher 23, ot ratber -ome time or"lnH oi 2-kU Decombar, Christmas f'T?' theeveoing of 21th Deceraber it is and dead-low water at Falmouth fate Mr t do you believe in the' 7C0ald no6 have ohoieu iwentehnn , In something under weth "p Ch,ia mw' lUr- Jasuer. Treno- will beaf a„„B sud gQodwill . -Vou ' Like wtee then"' ?d a Ch.s?. fnmgthfnkPinu<l Ph"5tma', Mf-Trenoweth.lh ? perhaos trv thi pa"".nis ,c by thn 8 "a 5fou will ftTh!! 6 8ea' t00' H'T you will bo IN foroa4reOhST8Wi'"y "heD it hM m""v """ 'ip' Slol l i'! \ iw»eth««rt stole, my lade— I Y. ' 4)0,4 10 1 I -Mr b8lt wiu to11 'Of you. mite "?,th : not yjt awhile, at any wafting yonr aw«dtba«' is weary of Sin. h. K Vl813 K3t h'- due, my ltds — d t Walts for yoii ) ,or yn. Mr. Trenoweth- ' l' devi!' winoh ahaii rfre' J n' wavtmlghTi mli«ht<rVh -vour nme— S r'V' » Mteht She bee fcorsolf ? Ahl.g i ni 'ulii ' f'baps, sho calls redwthWAreS.1 Pro"y oyea. will go B beforeie sets them onyoa waitteu A ? y?n ,0 k??P 80 swe«t a maiden ««. JncpcrrrenowMhl' yU "0 aU 'h# tim6' ,„a. stepped at last," mahtered by his fero. o! CUlre'« nm8' baotiog. But I, forthesouud infnry ; maddened me, broke ont t>,'0Ro aod dev.'i I I chall be lying with all -Ehe other victims of your accursed lir« JFortnSS0"0'6" T0U 8'ew upon tbe Bills ''Hash. 31." f/aiii.v-h. As for yuar ravings, 1 1ovr.cn Heiir them, and could listen by the huu.. :.u not timo preBB, Bat I cannot have yoa. talking, so ' loudly, you understand ;' end bo toyad gently with hie knife;.' al»" rnmnmber, I mast be at Dead Man's Rook by hulf-put 11 to-night.' 'Fiend. I'. I continmd, you can kill me, if yoa liko, but I will count your crimes with my last breath. T-ike my lifoaa you took my friond . Tom Lovoday's life — Tom, whom yoa knifed in tha dark, mistaking him for me. Take it art you took Claire s, if ever man——' ' Claire— Claiio dead 1' He staggered back a atop, and almost at tho same moment I thought I oaught around on the othor side of the partition at my oaok. I listened for a moment, then . concluding that my ears had played au some trick, went on again : ' Yes. dead. She billed herself to- night at the xhpatre— herself. Ob, God 1 Do yon think I care tor your knife nuw? Why, 1 was going to kill myself— to drown myself— at tne very moment when J. heard . your voice aud cnae oa board. I came to kill you. Make the meet of it — show me no mercy, for as there is a God in Heaven, I' would have abown yon none.' What was chat sonnd again on the other side of ths partition ? Whatever it was, Col- liver had no! haard, for he was musing darkly, and lo.ic.-,, fixedly at ma, 1 No, I wilt show you no meroy,' he answered qnietly, 'lor I have sworn to show no mercy to yuiirrao", and yon ate the laat of it. But ligtcn, that tor a few moments before you die you may shake off your smug com placency und learn what this wealth is, and what kind of brood you Trenowetha are. Dog 1 Tha treasare that lies by Dead Man's Rock is treasure weighed 'with dead men's curses, arid at'ined with dead men's uhiuu— weaivn won uy dibck piracy on cue high seas— guiu for which many a poor bduI walked ehepiank and found his end in the deop watere. It iu treasure sacked from many a gallant ship, stripped from .many a rotting corpse by that black hoand, your grand father, Amos Treuoweth. Yoa guessed that? Lot me tell you more, : ' There is many a soul crying ia heaven and hell' for veoguance on your race; bat yonr death to-night, Jasper Treuoweth, shall be tha peculiar juy of one. Yougueased that your grandfather had crimes upon his soul; but you did not guess the blackest crime on his acoouut— the murder of his dearest, friend. Listen. I will be brief with yoa, bat I cannot spare .myself the joy of letting you know this much before you die. Know then, that whon your grandfather waa a rich, man by this friend's aid— after, with this friend's help, ho had laid bands on the secret of the Great Raby fot which for many a year he had thirsted, - in the moment of bis trintnph, he turned and slew that friend in order to keep the Ruby to himeeif. ' That fool,' your father, kept a Joarnal — which, no donbt, you have read over and over again, ' Did be tell you how 1 caught him on Adam's Peak, sitting with this Oteep in his hands before a hideous graven stone ? A ll 4u HLUUU WBJ VUb IU gUttOll/ UlUU»OE/ UA that friend's face ; tbe bones that- lay be neath it were tho- bones of tbat friend. There, ' on that vory spot where I met your father, face to face, did his father, Amos Trenoweth, strike down my father, Ralph Cotliver. ' Ah, light ia beginning to dawn on your silly brain at test. Yes, pretending ta pro tect the old prieBt, who bad the Ruby, he etabbed my father, with the very knife foaod in your father's heart, stabbed bim before biB wife's eyes on that little lawn upon the monntain side ; and, when my helpless mother called vengeance npon him, handed the still reeking knife to' her and bade her do her worst. Ab, but ehe kept that knife. Did you mark what was engraved upon the blade? - That knife had a good memory, Mr. Jaeper Trenoweth. 1 Let me go oa. Ae if that deed were not foal enough, he caused the old prieBt to carve— beiag skilful "with tbe chisel— that vile distortion of hie dead friend's faee oat of a hnge boulder lying by, and then mnrdered bim too for the Ruby's sake, and tumbled their bodies into the trough together. Such was Amos . Trenoweth. Are yoa proud of your descent ? ' I never saw my father. I was not born until three months after this, and not until I was ten years old did my mother tell me of his fate. ' Yonr grandfather was a fool, Jasper Tre noweth, to despise her ; for she was young then and ehe could wait. She was beautiful then, and Amos Trenoweth himBelf had loved her. What ia she now ? Speak, for yon have seen her,' As he spoke I Beomed to see again that yellow face, thOBB awful, soulless eyeB, and hear her laugh as she gazed down from the box upon my dying love. 'Ah, beauty goes. It went for ever on that day when Amos Trenoweth spat in her face and taunted her aa abe oiung to the body of her bnBband. Beanty goes, bnt revenge can wait ; to-night it has come ; to night a thousand dead mon'a ghosts Bhall be glad, and point at yonr body as it goes tossing ont to sea. To-night— bat let me tell the rest in a word or two, for timepreBses. Howl was brought np, bow my mad mother— for she iB mad on ev.-ry point but one— trained me to the sea, how X lofo it at length and became an attorney a clerk, all this JL need no: awen npon. Bat all this time the thought of revenge never l»ft me for an hour ; and if it had, my mother woald have recalled it. 1 Well, wo settled in Plymouth, and I wae bound a clerk to your grandfather's attorney, Btilt with tha samo purpose. There I learnt of Amoa Prouowmu'e affairs, bat only to a certain extent ; for of the wealth which he had eo bloodily won I could diBoover nothing, and yet I knew that he possessed riches whioh make the heart fainc even to think npon. Yet for all I could disoover, bis pos sessions were simply tboBB of a struggling farmer, hie business abBolately nothing. I was aimoat desperate, when one day a tall, gaunt and aged man stepped into the ofiice, asked for my employer, and gave the name of Amos Trenoweth. Oh, ho« I longed to kill him as he stood there I And how little did he guess that the clerk of whbm he took no more notice than of » atone, would one day strike hia descendant off tne face of the earth and inherit the wealth for whion he had Bold his Bodl— the great Ruby of Ceylon I » I ' My voice trembled with hate as i an nounced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and iiaieued. Ho was uneasy about his will — the fool— and did not kuow bat all his posaeaaiona would necessarily bscmehis sons. In, my heart I laughed at his ignorance ; but I learnt enough— enough to" wait patiently for years, ' and finally to traok Ezakiel Trenoweth to his d0,Bit'was about this time that I fell in love. In this as in everything throagb life I have been oureed with ibe foaleBt Tuok ; but in this as in everything else my patience has won in the end. Luay Luttrell loved anotber man called Railton— John Railtoo. Ha was another fool— you are au fools— but she married him and had a daughter. I wonder , if you can guess who that daughter was ! ! Be brake off and looked at me with fiendiBn ' ' Yon hound 1' I cried, ' she was Janet ; Railton— Claire Luttrell ; and youi murdered her father as you Bay Amos Trenoweth ; murdered yours.' ' Right,' ha answered, coolly. yalt® right. Ob, the arts by which I enticed that man to drink and then to crime 1 Even now T nnnlH all an/I IfMffh GVflf ibfilll bV tfaflBODfc I Why, man, there wae not a touch of guile in the fellow when I took him in hand, and yet it waa he that afterwards took your father s life. He tried it ooce in Bombay end bungled it eadly ; he did it neatly enough, though, on the jtbboom of the Belle Fortune, I lent him the knife ; I would have done it myself, but Railton was neater ; and besides it is always better to .be a witness. ..... Wbat wbb that rustling Bound behind the partition ! Colfiver did not hoar it; at any rate, bnt went on with bia tale, and 'honvh His eyeB were dancing iiaraea of hate nts voioe was calm now as ever. . „ , ' I had stolen half the Clasp beforehand _ rt i Atink at.nnendotlfl irom in'' caoia uoqi -j + idiot, Ezakiel Trenoweth, had dropped U. Railtoo caaght bim before be |roPp®5v did not know he had time to get tho ior away, for just than a huge wave broke over nB, and before the noxt we both jump eu for the Ruck T -ug»it that Railton must have boen snoka i b >ok. tor I only clung oo myself ny tho luck a chmce. U was pitoh dark aud impossible to see. I called his name, but he either could not hear for tb« 1 Jaar' U Ld!r not ohooie to answer, so after a bit I stopped. I thought him dead, and he no doubt thought mo dea.1, until we met upon Dead Man a "'Shall I .finish ? Oh, yea, you shall hear tbe whole story, After tho inquest I escaped back t". Plymouth, toid Lucy that her hue- band had been drowned at sea, and anally persuaded har to leave Plymouth and tnarr!' mo, So I triumphed there, too ; oh, yes, have triumphed throughout' , ' Yon hound I' I cried. . , , He laughed a low music»l laugh and went on again Ah, job,' yon are angry, of oonrse , bnt i let that pass. I have one acconut to settle with yon Trenoweths, and that is enough for me. Three times havo I had yon In my iteL 2? V ceotpo . Onie beneath Dead Man a R-jok whea l ; had m» finger's ou ?h?L',OBIlfV%0¥!at'c' an<l waa" stepped by thoso cursed-, fishermen.- - Idiots that thev teteh, U booght the sight of mo ha5 frightened you and made yoa faint. Point I You wpnld have been dead In unothcr half minute. How I lunghad in my sleeve while that unole of yoars was trying to rnako me understand— mo— wbat was my name then? oh, ay, Georgio Rbodojani. However, you escaped that time ; and once more you hardly guessed how near you wore to death, whou I looked tn at the window on tho night after the inquest. Why, in my mind I was tossing up whether or not I- should murder yon and your white-faced mother. I should have done «o, uut tauagac you might hold some l. T?ug0 of thu secret after your meeting with Kauton, so that it seemed bettec to bido my time.' 'It it oe any satisfaction to you,' I inter, 'opted, to Enow that had you killed ma ouvar nave jaia aanas on that Clasp yondrr, yon are welcome to it.' ' It iB,' he anHwared. ' I am glad I did not kill yon both ; it left yonr mother time to see her dead haubaud, and has given me tlio pleasure of killing you now ; tbe treat im proves with ksSt-ieg. Weil, let me go ou. After tbia I was forced to leave the country for eome ciui ' ' For eno- tier piccs of villainy, which yonr wife discovered.' _ ' How do yoa know that ? Oh, from Olairo, I Buppoto ; however, it does not matter. When I cams back I found yoa , found yoa, ana ennck again. But again my curded iuua stuuu iu uiy way, aud that \- — friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at taia mark on my check.' ' Look at tho Clasp aud yop .will see where your blow was struck.' Ab, that was if, was it ?' be eaid, ex amining the Cia.-.p slowly. '1 capposayou thought it lucky at the ttme. So ft was— for inc. For, tuuog'u I uadx another mistake iu tho fog that uighc, I got quits with your friend at any rate. I have' chafed often enough at these failures, but it bae all come right in tbe end. I ought to have killed youc father upon Adam's Peak ; but be was a big man, while I had no pistol and could not afford to risk a mistake., Everything, they say, comes to the man who can wait. Yonr father did ,not escape, neither will yon, and when I tbink of the joy it was to mo to know that you and Claire, of all people ' : Bat I would hear no more, Mad as I was with shame and horror for. my graadfatber'a cruelty, I knew this , man, notwithstanding his talk of raveage, to be a vile and trencher, oas scoundrel, So when he spake of Claire I burst forth—, ' Dog, tbii is enough 1 I have listened to yonr tale. Bat wbsa you talk of Olairo— Claire whom you killed to- night— than, dog, I epic upon you; kill me, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed me ; kill me; use your knife, for I will shout — ' With a dreadful, snarl he was on mennd uuiuro mo across tne race, xnen aa i. con tinned to oall end shout, struck me one fearful blow bebind the ear.' ,1 remember that the dim lamp shot out a streak of blood- red flame, tbo cabin' was lit for one brief instant with a flash of fire, a thousand lignts darted out, and chen — tben oame ntter black ness — a vagno sensation of being oaugbt up and carried, of plunging down— down. ,... . CHAPTER XL"AN6 LAST. TELLS HOW AT LAST I FOUND jrY , REVENUE AND THE OBEAT SUBr. 'Speak— speak to met Ob, look up and teli ma you aro uot dead. ' : Down through tbe misty defiles and dark gateB of tbo Valley of the Shadow of Death came these words faintly as though spoken far away. So distent did they seem thut my oyes opened with vague expectation of another world ; opened and then . wearily closed again. For at first they stared into a heaven of dull grey, with but a shadow between them and colourless space. Then they opened once more, and tben the shadow canght their attention. What wa'Bit? What waa I, and how came I to be staring upward so; I let I the problem be, and fell back into theeasefal latt of nnconfmtrmnnARR. Then the voice epoke again : 'He is living, yet,' it said, 'Oh, if he woald bat speak 1' This time I saw more distinctly. Two eyes were looking into mine— a woman's eyes. Where had I seen that face before ? Surely I had known it ouco in some other world. Then somehow over my weary mind stole the knowledge that tbia was Mrs. Luttrell— or was it Claire ? No, Claire was ; dead. 1 Ul-.ire dead 1' I seemed to repeat to | myself ; bat how dead or where I could uot j recall. ' Claire dead 1' tben this must ba ber mother, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was lying hero, with Claim's mother beading over me. How oame wa so ? Wbat had happened, tbat — and once more the shadow of oblivion Bwept down and enfolded me. She was stilt there, kneeling beside me, chafing ' my hands, and every now and tben speaking words of tender eolioltudo. How white bor hair was 1 It aBed 'nut to be so white aathis. And where was I lying? In a boat? How iny bead was aching 1 Then romembrauce came DaoR. strange to tell, it began with Claire's death in the theatre, and tbence led downward in broken and interrapted train nntil Colliver'a face suddenly started np before me, and I knew all. I raised myself on my elbow. My brain was throbbing lnioleraoly, and every pulsa tion seemed to shoot fire into my temples. Alao other bands of firs were clasped about my arms and wrists. So acutely did they burn that I fell back with a low moau und looked helplessly at Mrs. Luttrell. Although it had been snowing, her bonnet was thrust back from her face and hung by its ribbons which were tied beneath her chin. The breeze was playing with her dis ordered hair— hair now white aa tbe snow- flakes npon it, though grey when last I had seen it— but it brought no colour to her face. As abe bent over me to place ber shawl beneath ray head, 1 saw that her bluB eyes wore etrangoly bright and prominent. ' Thank God, yon are alive 1 Doea the bandago pain yoa ? Can yon move ?' I feebly pnt my hand np and felt a band- kerobtet Donna ronna my neaa. ' I was afraid— oh, so afraid I— that I had been too late, Yot God only knows how I got down into yonr boat— in time— and with-, ont hia seeing me. I knew what he would do— I was listening behind the partition all tbe time ; bnt I waa afrsid he woald kill yoa first.' ' Then— you heard?' ' I heard all. Ob, if I were only a man— bnt can yon stand? Are yon better now? For we most lose no time.' I weakly stared at her in answer. ' Don't yoa sea ? If yon can stand and waik> bb I pray yon can, there is no time to be lost. Morning ia already breaking, and by this evening yon mast catch bim.' ' Catch him ?' ... ' YfS, yes, He has gone— gone to catch the first tram for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Rook to-night. Qaiek 1 see if yon cannot rise.' - I sat np, The water had dripped from me, forming a groat pool at oor end ol »he boat ,.In it ehe was kneeling, and beside ber lay a bnavy knife and the cords with which , Simon Ooiliver had bound me. ' Yes,' I said, ' I will follow. When does i the first train leave Paddington ?' 1 ' At a quarter-past 9,' ahe answered, and it is now about half past 5. You have time to catch it ; but must dieguiee yourself firBt. He wilt travel by it ; there is no train befote. i Come, let me row you uahore.' . I With tfiis sua untied the painter, got out the sculls, set down upon the thwart oppo- rite, and began to pall desperately for shore. ' I wondered at her strength and skill withthe oar. ' Ab,' she said, ' I seo nt what yon are wondering Remember that I was a sailor s wife once, and without strength ho should I have dragged you on board this boat ? ' How did you mannge it?' _ 1 1 cannot rclL I'oniv know that I heard a splaah as I waited nnder tbe bewa there, and thea began with my h«ndB <o feud the boat around tbe schooner for dear lite, I had to be verv allent. At first I cou-d see nothing, tor it was dark towards toe ebore ; but 1 crlnd to Heave"- to 'pare you for von- usance <ui i.riar man, and then 1 saw some- thintr blank lying across the wtrp, and know it was yoa, I gave a Btrong push, then rushed to the bowB and caught you by tbe bair. - 1 got you round by tbe stern a gently as I could, and tben pulled y n on boaid somehow— I oe.nnot remember exaetly bow I did it.' Did ho see yon ? . . 'N->, for be must have gone below direetly, I rowed under the shadow of tbe lighter to, whioh we were tied jn-t now, and a I did no, thought I hrard him calling me by name He must have forgotten me, and then suddenly remembered that as yet I bad not g-ven him the money. However, presently I hoard him getting into his boat and towing ashore. He came quite.olo36to us— ao close . that I ooald hear him cursing, anfi crouched down in the shadow for fear of my life. Bnt he passed on, and got out at the steps yonder. It was snowing at tbe timo, and that helped me.' , She palled, a stroke' or two in sileuoe, and then continowt— 'T ' VVnenyon wera'in the cabin together, ! waa listening. , At ono point I think I man have taiutod ; bat it cannot have been for teng, for whea I came to myself you were still talking about John Railroh.' I remember tbo sanr.d which IhaJ heard and almost in spite of myBslf asked, Yoa neard.about ' .'Olairo? Yes, I heard.' She nodded simply ; bnt her eyes Bought mine, and iu them was a gleam that made me start. ..Juet then the boat touched at a mouldering Jiight of stairs, created with green ooze to nigh water mark, and covered now with buow. She raadu fast tbe boat. This was ths way he went' she mattered. I rack him, track him to his death 1 spare bim no single pang to make that death miserable.' Hsr low voice positively trembled wuh concentrated hato. 'Stay,' sho said, have yoo money ?' I suddenly ramamharAd that T had moan all the money on me to Bagoall for getting out my bout, And toh.l. her ao. At tbo same moment, too, I thanghf: Upon tha tin box "till lying nnder tha boat's stern. I stepped aft and palled it out. ' Here is money,' she said ; ' money that I was to "nave given him. Fifty pounds it is, in notes. Take it all.' ' Bui, you ?' I n. -j'.w-r! .'Never mind me. Take it— take it all. What do I want with money if yon only kill bim ? ' I bent and kissed her hand. Ab Heaven is my witness,' I said, it shall be his life or mine. Tbe son! ot ono of us shall never see co;raorrow.' ' Her hand was cold as ice, and hor palo faco never changed- 'Kill nim,' she said, simply. , BUU UiUIUOll bills BiBpOs ny CQIf) timo day had broken, and th east wan atreaked with angry fla-tbea of crimson. The tviud swept through my dripping clothes and iroze my aohing limbs to the marrow. Ui> tbe river came Hunting a heavy pall of fog, out of which the masts showed like grisly skeletons, The snow storm hag not quite ceaaod, and a stray flake or two came brush tag across my face. 80 dawned my Ohrietm&B; Eve 1 ... _ Ae I gained tbo top, I turned to look down. She was atiU standing there, watching me. Sening me look, she waved hor armst and I h«urd h«t hoarse whisper. 1 Kill him I Kill bim I Kill him V . I left her standing so, and .tiirned away ; but xn the many' gh'usts .that haunt my solitary days, not the least vivid ia the phantom of this whi c haired woman on ths olHck and silent rivdr, eternally beckoning, Kill bim V I found myself ia a yard strewn with timber, spars arid rofao, half-hidden beneath the enow. From it a flight of rickety stone steps led to u tutting duoc,. and thence into the street. Hero I stood for, a moment, pondering on my noxt Btep, Not a soul wa« abroad so early ; bnt I must quickly get ft change of olothss somewhere 5 at present I stood in my toru dress trousers and soaked shirt, X passed ap the street, my Bhoeless feet making tho first prints in . tbe newly fallen snow, Tho (hat? No j for when I looked more closely I s»iw other footprints, already half obliterated, leading np the street. These must be Simon Cofliver's 1 1 followed them for about a hundred yards past the Bbuttered windows. Suddenly they turned into a Bhop door, and tben seemed to leave it ogain. The Bhop was closed, and above it hung three bra.'S balls, each covered now with a euowv cap. Above, the blinds were drawn down, butonlookiog again, I saw a chink of light between the shutters. I knocked. After & short pauae, the door was opened, A red-eyed, villainoau face peered out, and seeing me, grow blank with wooder. 1 What do you waat V inquired at length tho voice belonging to it, ' To buy a fresh suit of olothes. See, I I have fallen into the river.' Muttering soinothiug benoath his breath, tho pawnbroker opened hia door, and let me into the Bhop. It was a diugy nest, fitted up with tbe usual furniture of such a place. The one dim candle threw & ghostly light on chairs, clocks, compasses, triukets,- saucepans, watches, r w. viiiHw, (tuu Quito ui iQEt-uu UlOuUUB arrayed like rows of suicides along the wall. A general air of decay hung over the den. Immediately opposite me, us I entered, a stuffed parrot, dropping slowly into dust, glared at me with one malevolent eye of glass, while a hideous Chinese idol, bebiud tho counter, poked out hie tongue iu a frenzy uf malignity. But my eye wandered past these, and was fixed in a momeat upon some thing that glittered upon tbe ooanter. That something was my own watch. Following my guze, the man gave me a quiak, suspicious glance, hastily caught up tns watch, and was bestowing it on one of nis shelves, when I said — ' Where did you get that ?' ' Quite innocently, eir, I swear. I bought it of u gentleman whooume in jastnow, and woald not pawo it, I thought it was hie, eo that if yoa bolong to the Force, I hope ' " Gently, my friend," said I ; ' I am not in tbe police, eo you need not be in such a fright. Nevertheless, that watch is mine ; I can tell yon tbe nnmber, if yoa don't believe it.' Ho pushed the watdh across to me- and said, still greatly frightened — - 1 1 am snro yon may see it, Bir, with all my heart. I wouldn't; for worlds — — ' ' What did you give for it?" Ho hesitated » moment, and than, aa greed overmastered fear, replied— 'Fifteen pounds; sir: nud the man would not take a penDy loan. Fifteen good pounds 1 I swear it, us I am alive I' Althungh 1 saw that the man lied, I draw out three five-pouod notes, laid them on tbe table, and tonk my, watoh. This done, I eaid — ! 1 Now I want yoa to sell me a Bait of clothes, and aid me to disguise myself. O-berwise ' - : - ' Don't talk, sir, about " otherwise." I'm sure I shall be only too glad to rig you out to catch the thief. Yuu can take your piok of the suits here; thsy are mostly seamen's, to be sare ; bat you'll find other, as well. While, as for disguhoa, I flatter myself lor getting up a face ' Here he stopped suddenly. 'HowlongnaB he been goner ' Abouthaif an huar before you came. Bat no doubt yoa know where he'd be likely to go ; and I won't be more than twenty minutes setting yoa completely to rights.' Ia I-jbs th>n hall au hoar afterwards I stepped oat into the street so completely disguised that nonaofmy friends— that is if I had possessed a friend tn the world— would have recognised me. I had chosen a srilor's suit, that being the character I knew mys-ll best able to austaio. My pale face had turned to a bronze-red. while over its Bmoothly- Bhavon surfaae now grow tbe roughest of untrlmmsd beards. Suow was falling' still, so that Colliver's footprints ware entirely obliterated. But I wanted them no longer. He would ba at Paddington, I knew ; and accordingly I tamed my feet iu that direc tion, and walked rapidly westward. My chase had began. I had bofore mo plenty of time in which to reach Paddington, and the ex-roiso of walking did me good, relaxing my stiffened limbs until at length i scarcely felt the pain of the weals where the cord had cut mo. It was snowing persistently, bnt I hardly noticed it Through the chill and sullen morning I held dnegsdlv on my way, past St. Katharine's Wharf, tho Tower, through G neochurch street, and ont into St. Paul's Churchyard. Traffic was already beginning here, and thickened as I passed down Ludgare Hill and ciiaibod np to Holtiorn. Already tbe white snow was being oharned and trodden into hideous slush iu which my feet lipped and stumbled. My coat and sailor's cap were covered with powdery dikes, and I bad to hold my head down for fear lest the drifting moisture should wash any of the colouring off my face. So my feet carried me once m»re into Orlsrd utreet. How well remembered was every house, every lamp- past, svery flog of the pavement almost I I area nn mv Inafc /meat tlOW, 'To-night ! to-oight !' whispered mv heart ; then came back thn words of Claire'a mother— Kill him 1 Kill bim 1' and still I ir-mn-d westward, t weghwArd lay my revenge. Buddxnly a hansom o»b shot part. It came up silently on rhe riushy street, and ir was only when it w-s closo bebiud that I heard the mu filed sound of its wheels. It was early yet for chs, ao that I turned my head at the sound It passed In a flash, and gave me but a glimpse of ibe occupant ; not in that moment I had time to catch sight of a pair of eyes, and knew now that my Journey would not be in vuia. They were tbo eyes of Simon Colliver. . So thea ia Oxford street, aftor ail, I bad mat him. ' He was cleverly disguised— ae I guessed by the sumo hands that bad painted my own face, end looked to the casual nyo but an ordinarybagman. < Bat art could not changethose marvellous eyes, and I knew him in an instant My heart leapt wildly for a moment— mv bands were aleaobsd and my teeth shut, tight; bat tho neitL was plodding after ,hlm as before. I, ooald wait now. tO BS OOXTINOBD,) 