i . TEE ROMANCE OF RINGS. ? -. --*- ? I I {From the Daily News.) Tho British, Museum lins just, published an illustrate Cntuloguo of the Gems iu tho National Collection. As rule, those engraved stones uro set in rings, oi tiler in tb original gold, sil vor, bronze, or iron, or in modern setting! In either caso this treasure of antiquities, which might b carried in a satchel, is full of tho most curious and. eve romantic interest. Prings were thi most intimate, prccioiu and durably objects which mon of old possessed. A man1 riïig washis lock; he set it on a seal which could not, be in fringed without his discovering the injury" True, a theolc J gicul impostor, unmasked by Lucian, discovered a method o (»puning seáis, and so was enabled to open tho seale packets of questions which ho protended to read by clair vnyuueo. Indeed, tho simple boyish device of a b»ad son would have served this rogue as well as tho means to whicl he hud recourse Pcoplo appear to have been so guilolost us a rule, that seals wero seldom forged, and, as keys am ; signatures, they wore in absolutely nni versal employment They were ever on each man's hand, and fhn materials oi which tho gems are cut aro of ibo hardest; am thus ono may wear' to-day a seal which ha ¡adornad tho linger, of Alexander, of Virgil, o of Cicsar. Binga with portraits wero common ii the late Roman Republic, and 'probably, thes :wero worn (especially when Emperors came t be represented later)-by thc friends of poets and the cour tiers pf statesmen. Tho Museum hus a gem with a profil of Cicero that may havo-boen a present from Tullv ti Atticus for what wo know, and who will assure that Vir eil'did hot carry the-ring with a portrait of Horace ? Mr King montions a portrait of. Massanissa, sot. in a ring o iron ; perhaps it hus been worn by Scipio himself. Tin merit of the engraving proves that it. must have'beet executed for a person of high position." Thus, there is ni waif or stray loft by the wavo of tho past on tho sea of thi present so intimate, und so curious, us a'ring bf the ancien world. Conceivo the , luck of the collector, who shouU find the ring of Hnnnibal, " avenger of so mttnj murders ;" the ring with a hollow containing sudden poison. -, Thu drug may have been hiddci in a hollowed stono or in the metal setting. In tho forme: ouse tho gom must havo perished with its owner. Mr King publishes a copy of un ouyx hollowed out to confair poison and engraved with tho ugly face of a hornee Faun. To roach, the poison it was only necessary to bit* through tho thin sholl of onyx. Whoii/tho gold dopösitet by Cumillus in tho Capitol wus takenuway tho person re- sponsible for it " bruku tho stone of his ring in his mouth,' .anddied at once. As these stories appear not to bo doubted, they seem to prove that the ancients .wore indeed no inex- pert poisoners. Wc must infer tho roverse from stories ol the clumsiness of Locusta. Tho romaneo of ancient gems is- inexhaustible ; it meets us everywhere. This cornelian may hold tho portrait ol some rich matt's mistress; such as Clement of Alex- andria forbado tito' Christians to wear ; wo may be looking on tho fuvouiito of Ovid or Proper tins, on Qorinia pr on Cynthia. Where will oui photographs be in 1800 yours, or what record will exist pf the fair faces of to-day? They aro washed on paper or puiuled on canvas; not ono lady or lover has thought of being made imperishable on cornelian or surd, yol.' if thora wore but patrons, who can doubt thnl tho skill exists, us in tho lust century, and that wo havo inglorious Pichlera and Pistruccis among hs, who, like thoso musters, nocdod to sign their gems lost tlioy should bo sold for veritable antiques ? But gom ongraving has. rarely flourished,, apart from tho custom which mado a man's ring part of himself, his symbol and signature, a token often,, as in tho caso of tho funious ring Elizubolh gave to Essex. Of nil rings, if only ono could identify it,, tho most romantic would bo that which was worn' by tho fair ghost of Corinth, who oven from her grave carno to embrace her lover. 1 Tho story is told in n fragment of Phlogon, a writor of tho second century of our era. In Phlogon's words it sounds uncom- fortably real. Wo soo tho old nurse prying into the room of tho young man whoso betrothed is dead ; and there tho dead girl sits with her bridegroom, and when the house has beeu roused, and tho, grave searched, they lind there only tho iron' -ring which tho- lovor had given to the dead girl in uxchango for her ring of gold. This tiny circlet of iron moves us moro than ovón thc poisonous ring of Hannibal, or that.too famous gem which Polyelutea tried vainly to, throw nway. In Pliny's timo thoy showed it, a sirdonyx not engraved, ïn tho Totnplo of Concord. But this was a blunder, for Herodotus declares it to havo boon an emerald, engraved by Thcodorus of Sanios with the device of ' a lyre, according to Clement of » Alexandria. Sqmo years ago people fancied that-this famous ring, ns uoted us that of Solomon, had been dug up in a vineyard ut. Aricia.- Mr. King cruelly suggests thut this was ii mero ancient imitation, "a favourite dovico of literary men.!1 ' But tho stylo of tho art, archaic in" tho tinto- of Polycrates, wouldj settlo that question, and perhaps permit us to believe in tho authenticity of the relic. Goins- are practically imperish- able A woudorf ul hoad of Medusa on au onyx., is no less mysteriously Uoáutiftil than of old, though for many centu- ries if. was rolled in tho sand and silt of tho Tiber. Tho ring of Polycrates,, if not found, at Aricia,. mav to-day bo on tho finger of some lishormun of Sumos, for theso men in tho Grpalc islands have usually somo venerable jewel of this doscriptiou. - . Tho Museum catalogue, as may bo supposed, is eoncornod .with tho history, not with tho romaneo,'of rings. They began to bo. regularly colloeted in cabinets by tho Romans boforo tho Republic" foll... .They wore oidor than Rome or Greece, for Greece' borrowed the idoa chiefly from tho Egyptian scarabs. To bo sure, bean-shaped pebbles were eugruved by the Greeks boforo they took to cutting scarabs of cornelian, and very ugly tho engravings on tho Old pobblos often? are. Thoy sometimes provo that Greeks used this' hind 'material, while, their artistic skill was,not in advunco of Red Indian design, and when their dress was of tho Now Caledonian fashion; An oxample ;7<S) is photographed in tho catalogue Tho stono scurubs cunio in nbont tho end of tho sevonth century n.e. If. may bo said that the designs ou tho early scarabs uro only by a stagoloss rudo than thoso found on tho " lentoid " br. beau-shaped stones. Finally it dawned on somobody that tho dumpy, thick scarab was a waste of material; Thoncoforth thin" slices of taro stones were used, and to theso wo owo the exquisito effects of .translucency and colour in tho best ring-stones. From this date tho url of gem engraving enters its best period. It presents us with miniature copies of famous lost statuas;, with portraits of poota, omporors, beauties; with scenos from real lifo; with littlo idylls like illustrations of Theo- critus ; with scenes from mythology ; with fanciful dovices ; with groups bf luughing Loves ; with men engaged in ali occupations; with hints, of religious mysteries; finally with tho dull aiid grotesque symbols of Gnosticism. Tho wholo history, social, political, religious, artistic, of sevend'eenturies is imperishably represented on tho seals of rings. Even lire, which, blackens thom, ond makes them opaque, does not ruin tho -loveliness of tho linos. Modern civilisation can loavo no such indestructible picture of itself, no such beautiful fragments of customs and manners which must pass, ns Greece and Romo havo passed uway. Thoso elder States wilPln thia manner out- live us, and if a cosmic catastropha swept man front the world, and if again tho world- wore inhabited hy- rational beings, they too would find tho counterfeit'representation of what Grooco was engraven' on onyx, and sard, and emerald. Such aro tho fancies suggested by tho 2349 rings of tho Musopm. . . .- . ; ? 