£8 YOU LIKE IT. has Ay marry; now unmuzzle your wisdom." ROSALIND. When Portia tolls Shylock 3 This bond doth give thee here no jot of blood. The words expressly are a pound of flesh ; Then take thy bond-take thou thy pound of flesh we all feel that we have indeed met with a second Daniel, cut a Daniel of the stage rather than a Daniel of a court of law. The plea of the defendant in the case of Shylock v. Antonio could hardly be considered good by the average lawyer ; but the Government seem to be suffer courtly contented with it, only they have turned it upside down. On the whole the Chief Justice seems to have let them off lightly ; it is useless to tickle the back of a tortoise with a feather and a few forcible and dignified words are hardly likely to disturb the complacency of the Premier. And yet the course which the Government have pursued in the case of the poll-tax Chinamen is rather worse than contemptible. Before anybody else, the Government ought to be ready to set in example of respect for the law when once the law is declared ; they have taken a course which might have moved the envy of Mr. Sampson Brass. But they should have been more consistent With a very little more trouble they might have put the unfortunate Chinese to considerably more expense, and have wasted a vast amount of the time of the Court I . * * * Meanwhile we have the edifying spectacle of the Government protesting through their counsel against what? Well, against the law of the land, unless, indeed, the Government are prepared to usurp the functions of the Privy Council and review the decision of the Judges. The protest, in fact, seems to amount (can allegation that tlleGovornmentaro better acquainted with the law than the Judges-to whom we may now add Mr. Justice Owen-and know what the decision of the Privy Council is going to be as well as what that of the Judges ought to be. This position, however, is stated euphoniously. The Government protest- respectfully of course against the Chinese being allowed to land. What they proposed to do with them if they were not landed, is not very clear. We may expect to hear the result of the appeal in from 12 to 18 months. By that time we shall of course have an ideal restriction and, possibly, elimination act, and we are driven to the conclusion that the only persons who will profit by the appeal will be certain lawyers at present resident in London unless, indeed, the Government entertain a suspicion that their proposed measures will be a little too restrictive and eliminate to have a reasonable chance of becoming law at all * . . . Lest however, time should be lost over the appeal to the Privy Council, Sir Henry Parkes has laid the case before our Agent-General coadjutor. ' Sir Daniel Cooper will, no doubt, know how to acknowledge the gracefulness of this proceeding. Sir Saul Samuel is one of the way, and the Premier is perhaps unwilling to communicate with our valued representative as he is kind enough to consider himself in the House of Commons through the usual official channel. Bebe has informed Mr. Heaton directly that nine tenths of the population of New South Wales support the Government upon their policy of Chinese immigra- tion, and that the Chinese Restriction Bill is certain to be passed by the Legislative Council." This information Mr. Heaton has, of course, hastened to make public. Here, we may take leave to doubt the accuracy of the Premier's calculation, because some of us are already beginning to wonder what the " policy " of the Government really is, and what the passing of the bill by the Legislative Council is really going to mean; whether policy is independent of law, and whether a bill is the same as the bill. But we are at least taught that Sir Henry Parkes is not at the end of his resources. There was some fear that the Home Government might refuse their assent to the Chinese Restriction Bill, even if that certainty in the Council should have been demonstrated. They will hardly refuse to receive, at least respectfully, the mandate of nine tenths of the colony particularly when conveyed by so representative a man as Mr. Henniker-Heaton. The thing must, of course, be true, because the Premier has said so and if there be any ill-conditioned persons who don't agree with him they are hardly likely to be listened to- having no authority, no right to use the cables except at their own expense, and no Henniker Heaton at the other end. It will be idle for these to says that Sir Henry Parkes has been guilty of nothing less than an impertinence alike in speaking in such a case in the name of the colony, and in selecting Mr. Henniker-Heaton as a semi-official means of communication with the English Government and the House of Commons. * » . . . At the Minerva, conversation often fastens on matters Bcademioal, probably because Convocation is well represented among the members of that club, and not only Convocation but the Senate-that serious and irresponsible authority which has made the University not only what it is, but what it is not. During the recent elections it has been my privilege to be present at sundry learned club colloquies, during which the merits of the four candidates for the two vacant seats on the Senate have been canvassed with that freedom which is so characteristic of a club having such aspira- tions and enjoying such . intellectual liberty as the Minerva. One of those four, a member of the club, had been installed by general acclamation as first favourite. This was Mr. Butler, the gentleman, or, to be more accurate, one of the gentlemen, whose position as a paid teacher on the University stan' had exercised the minds of certain worthy members of the Senate for some time before the election. I don't think that the action of that body (if action it may be called when nothing was done much damaged Mr. Butler's candidature, though it almost certainly induced some voters to plump for candidates whose chances of election were thought to have been unfairly compromised. Thus, while only a couple of electors (as I am informed) plumped for Mr. C. B. Stephen, about a dozen plumped for Dr. Mackellar. Perhaps, however, some of the Doctor's plumpers rather indicated the extreme anxiety of certain members of the medical faculty for increased representation on the Senate than the influence of the paid teacher difficulty. Be that as it may, the general opinion seemed to be that Dr. Mackellar, on his own merits, and apart from any real or fictitious electioneering issues, would make an excellent senator. Dr. Goode's candidature was not made very intelligible to me at least as against Dr. Mackellar's. It certainly split the medical vote, and not a little dis- appointed that purely Esculapius section of Convocations which wanted the best medical representative it could get, caring nothing whether he was sound upon Home Rule and the Plan of Campaign or not. of a * These aEsculapian, I am assured by a member of the club who should know, though numerically a small party, are theologically so influential that they can afford to despise quantities, and, like Sigismund, to be vupra-grammaticam. Then they are regular in attendance at Senate meetings, and vote in a compact and complacent little Caledonian phalanx, which nothing can withstand, Their idea of a University suited to colonial requirements is one where the medical faculty reigns supreme. All other Faculties for them are like the 11 rods of the Children of Israel which would not, or could not, bad, blossom, and bring forth almonds. Their Faculty, on the contrary, is like the rod of Aaron, which did all these things, and they are the aeroplanes who make it their business, though not at their expense, to maintain the rod in a budding and blossoming condition. And as the Medical School is one which permits of infinite expansion and innumerable specialities, the ¿Esoulapians are never at a loss for a dozen or more new schemes of spending money. During the last year or so it appears that the other Faculties have occasionally entered a mild protest against the insatiable demands of the medical. This, instead of discouraging the party, has stimulated it to renewed exertions, with the object of strengthening itself on the Senate, 3 and so overbearing all opposition to its legitimate demands. I asked my friend whose sympathies with this party were not concealed how many young doctors he thought the University ought to be able to turn out annually. He said about 150. " And how many lawyers ?" " The public don't want any lawyers" (he replied), " for in a well-ordered community every man should be his own lawyer, his own architect, engineer, and religious guide, but he should S S B' '08s* one doctor for every class of disease or mishap that the human body can suffer morn." 3 6 4 6 6 ,/* * as a key taken seriously myself so I like to take others seriously if they will let me. For that Mason, if not for any intrinsic evidences of. seriousness in "Eric's" letter in Saturday's Herald (the subject "A New Profession for Women )the proposal that women would do well to adopt the clerical profession shall be treated with that measure of serious and respectful consideration, which when accorded to my own proposals in this column is always pro- foundly appreciated. "Eric" suggests the minis- try'' as a suitable line of business for the superfluous female" (the expression is not mine), and declares that " nine women out of every ten would preach a better, more practical, more appealing sermon than the great majority of new-fledged curates who have just completed their University education, and who have not the ghost of an original idea in them." But it is not only on the ground of superior originality that '. Eric " thinks the superfluous female would be a success in the pulpit for, says he (or she ?), " who can tell what effect might be made by a young and beautiful miniatures on the recalcitrant mascu- line members of the congregation ? Who, indeed ? But this is the exact point where I find myself compelled to part company with " Eric The young and beautiful woman is not a superfluous female never was, and never will be. Superfluity is the misfortune of the middle-aged and unattractive female. And when Eric asks the whole sex to consider how nice they would look in surplices, he (or she) is begging the whole question. A middle aged, sour-featured, pasty faced, crop-haired darling in spectacles would not look nice, and might not have any advantage in originality over the University-bred curate. . And nobody would make woolwork and slippers for her, or even the feminine equivalents of smoking caps, which periphrasis I take to mean dress improvers, or some such gear. Then, suppose the lady parson were both young and beautiful, A few more men would perhaps go to church, and a great many more women would stay away. The parish would soon he rent with intestine discords, compared with which a Disturbed District in Ireland would be like the abode of brotherly and sisterly love, Men would fight for the privilege of escorting the person home, and the denouement would he published to the world some day in the shape of an advertisement offering a reward to anybody who should give information to certain churchwardens, leading to the conviction of the person who carried off the Reverend Miss Aphrodite from Honeysuckle-cum-TuberoEe Parsonage Kissing Point Miss Aphrodite would come back after her honeymoon as Mrs. So-and-So, claim the reward, and perhaps wheedle the church was done into a solemn promise to get a government billet for the abductor. Afterwards the "reca entrant masculine members of the congrega- tion would seek for their spiritual necessities" in some church where they keep a male "person." , ? * a a a a ' A few weeks ago I happened to occupy, together with a surly middle-aged companion, the course of a railway carriage, and when the common run of topics had been well nigh exhausted, this matter of opening the pro- fessions to women came up. I had just been reading some very saddening article in English Reviews and newspapers on the same subject, and was curious to know the sentiments of my Early friend on the subject, he having not long ago married his third wife, which fact, I thought, qualified him to give an opinion. " A new opening for women is it (said he is his hard way By all means ! let them mind their own business I " It was a savage reply, at least so I thought, at the time, but not now. There is really a great deal of kindness in the suggestion, for women may secure a great harvest by gleaning in the fields of unfulfilled duties, to say nothing of other fields that have been open to them ever since they were dispensed to us as a divine afterthought of the Creator. It sounds odd, perhaps, " to mind their own business," but there is a lode under the surface of the words, which, I feel sure, would, if worked properly, produce very remunerative results. Will a few thoughtful women peg out the claim (I hereby make them a present of it and start a week's having first of all settled to their satisfaction what is, and what is not, " a woman's business ? " * * * * The Social Purity Association, which seems to be composed in equal proportions of clergymen and local optionists, urged the Colonial Secretary last Friday to introduce an amended affiliation law. The Social Puritans, as far as I can make out, ask that on the oath of an unmarried woman the magistrates may make an order of affiliation against the putative father, and adjourn the case until after the birth of the illegitimate child. The proof of paternity before the event seems rather a curious novelty, and the event it is obvious might be such as to knock the bottom out of the proof. A red-haired man might find himself magisterially saddled with all the paternal obligations rightfully incident to some woolly-haired blackamoor not before the Court, and vice versa. Then parturition is a fact capable of being dealt with by non- professional persons, but pregnancy is a matter about which even experienced doctors are sometimes puzzled. Sir Henry Parkes gave the deputation a very discreet but not very encouraging answer, indeed he went so far as to say that he had heard some celebrated authority on illegitimacy declare in the pulpit that there were as many seducers among women as among men. If this be so evidently the amended law of application ought to provide for the case of a single man having been led astray by a woman. And I would also suggest another reform, viz., trial by jury of all seduction and affiliation cases-not an ordinary jury, but a mixed one, half of them married men, half married women-a sort of de medietate jury. The reasons for empannelling a jury of this kind are too obvious to need urging by a deputation of social Puritans. 