Our Story. The Phantom Train. Some years ago I held a post as flagman on a railway line in America. One night we started out from the town of Belton with the through freight, and it being fine weather, and everything seem ing to work well, we expected to make a good run. The first stop we made was at a place called Stanton's where we had to leave a flat car and take on two bos cars. As soon as the train stopped, I picked up my lanterns and started back, although I knew no regular train was following us within an hour ; but of course I had no right to know anything about that. My duty was to go back when the train stopped, and I did. But there being no train due, I did not go back very far. It was a beautiful night, and I stood with my lanterns in my hands, gazing up at the stars, and thinking of the folks at home, when a curious feeling came sud denly over me, and I seemed to be in a dream. It seemed as thought the night had suddenly become quite foggy, and I could see objects a short distance from me only. Presently 1 heard the roar of an ap proaching train, and ran towards it, wav ing my red light across the track. A mo ment later I saw the dull gleam of a head light, and the train was upon me. I swung my lanterns wildly for the en gineer to stop, but he failed to see the light, and I hardly time to jump from the track when the train flashed by. Then I ran helplessly after it down the track, but an instant later I heard an aw ful crash, and instantly great tongues of flame shot upward from the wreck. I stopped, hardly knowing what to do, and then it was that I heard a voice say— " Where was your torpedo 1" The next moment I found myself still gazing at the stars, my lanterns in my hands, while only a short distance away stood my train with its gleaming lights, and then I heard the signal sounded for me to return. I hurried back and got aboard, and the train started. And then Conductor Bent said— "Why, Jerry, what's the matter? You're as pale as a ghost." I told him what I had seen, and instead of laughing at me, as I expected he would, he took it seriously. "It may be a warning to us, .Terry," he said, " so don't fail to have some tor pedoes with you every time you go back to-night to flag. It is a clear night, I know, but I don't at all like the story you tell." "All right," said I, "I'll be sure and have some." But when I came to open the box where I kept them, I found there was not a tor pedo in the train. Our next stop was at Barrett, and there I went back the full distance, if not further. I had been standing but a few minutes when the same strange feeling came over me again, and the night seemed to be come foggy. I heard the train coming, same as be fore, and again I waved my red light for the engineer to stop, but the train came on without heeding it. I sprung from the track, just in time to save myself, the train whizzed past, a se cond later came the dreaded crash, and instantaneously the train was all in flames. It was awful. But the next moment all was over, and I found myself there holding my lanterns, while further up the track my train was standing all safe and sound. Well, I told Conductor Bent that I had seen the phantom train again. He said he would go back with me at the next stop we made. So when we came to Dunfield, he went back with me to flag. When we had walked the regular dis tance we stopped, and Bent told me to set the red light on the track. Then we stepped aside to wait the course of what would follow. We had hardly been there a minute when that strange sensation came over us both, and then we heard the train coming. On, on it came, without paying any at tention to the signal, it dashed by, and as it passed we saw that the engineer, the firemen, and " all on board were skele tons." A moment later the engine crashed into our train, the wreck was instantly ablaze, and then suddenly the whole scene vanished. There was our train just as we had left it, and my signal-lantern Btood upon the track nnharmed. Conductor Bent was badly frightened, and so was t. We did not know what to make of it. When we passed the freight coming East at Dalton, I asked the flagman to lend me a torpedo, and he did. I put it into my pocket as carefully as though it had been a nugget of pure gold. We stopped at Dalton, but I did not go back to flag, for the east-bound freight passing us, there was no need of it. When we came to Baldwin's Station, where we stopped to take coal and water, the conductor took into his head to send one of the brakemen back with the flag in my place, to see if he would have the same experience; and when he was called in he came being almost scared to death. He told the story of the phantom train just aB I had experienced it the first time, and said that a voice had spoken to him, repeating exactly the same words I had heard. "Jerry," said Bent, " when we get to Belton, if we ever do, I want you to fill up that torpedo box. And if it is ever empty again while you are with me. Til discharge you." We were fifteen minutes late at Bald win's Station, and Bent and the engineer consulted together about trying to run to the nert station for the midnight ex press. And at last they came to the con clusion to try it. The midnight express was a train com ing behind us, and by this time we would he pretty close on that train's time. After leaving Baldwin's station we crossed the mountains, and then the road followed along the river for several miles, and then ran into quite a very heavy fog. Bent was on the engine, and the en gineer was running about as fast as his engine could go with the train, when just as we crossed a alight rise in the track, I felt the train break in two. The rear brakesman and I put on the brakes at once, and stopped the six or eight cars that had broken loose, and then I rushed back down the track with my lanterns. It was foggy now in reality, and as I hurried along I .thought of the phantom train, at the same time making sure that the torpedo was safe in my pocket, for I knew that the midnight express would soon be down upon me. And even before I had reached the proper flagging distance I beard her com ing. I increased my speed, and ran as fast as I could for some distance further, then I stopped for a moment and clamped the torpedo to the rail, and then immediately ran on. But I had hardly gone a dozen yards when I slipped and fell, and out went both my lanterns. . The next instant the headlight of the midnight express gleamed through the fog, and I had barely time to get out of the way when the train flashed by. Then came the loud report of the tor pedo, the sharp whistle for brakes, and a great shower of sparks flew from every wheel. I ran after the train, and when I came to where it had stopped, the engine was less than fifty feet from the rearmost car of mine. There, that is my story. Make of it what you can, for I have no explanation to offer. But you can readily see what an awful disaster that one torpedo pre vented. 