[3EI7AT10KS ;T10NS U- o* fi * WiSMiTOflOTC. ..Tcffl-'J 11 __ sa oning owhsre, EC • rsi.K et> san-' „ „bosv at the present time with the police magistral®—to wit, Mr ' ' - JLMMJ- TRKINH KŃRTOC i^au act of that gentleman's. , BIB" - '- ne i' n«Ł devoid af tbe mik oi Łindnesa. About a month ago i pot ' (nth one , 0f those nondescripts «o sinsaf* 1 *" „.itŁ in country distw"® 1 "^ 'lie Bsnvan's pilgrim, carry a r ^ ń h them as if it were a part of ijin s '. „ther words, and without ^flrccmłocutaon, a swsgmsn. Thfe fi® ' the Senus sundowner was like S**®" c^il of so™, and evidently half- Z*™*®' HeD(iereon Africsuus in color, jf VThis b'.ack brother -be was a s5 csrralons as an old HMginH-a^ the dropped into * moral. I"-*^' :VMnt things in general, finishing changed tames and the luckless "Von may talk „ moneved men sr.d your tine \- • „r.thł,,, "bnt 1 met ir.i' sir' '£trne's y<mrstanding there. " k wiated how he was making for " ^ e dar, welt nigh dead beat. a frentlemac who stopped to him. enquired how the times suited ** was rientifni, an' so on. " I just jl tbe blanked troth," murmured "'i;— I told him one could not alwsys l T^n a iob these days. "When yen . C b«h it nsuaUj- melted before the next iob. Well, would yon be. i® 5 " He' planked me Lali a crown . I i.rer asking for it He *as a S ^ wouldn't yon?'' to fight, did not care whether „, for s fiver or a tenner, only be wanted -he dresang «nt of that starched rZZ '•quarries' infant." He was imdie occasion was diis 'orty slasher; ^zL picture of a middle-weight, only he 1 „j'-a np that 'ere two yards -of *°_rnoul. who was supposed to be good bet Pathrick <ras not on. Could not Voi on the job. my blooming pippin ! ^iieKh 61116 • h— boiled over, and tile •* boy - in .-.peirea on the scene Bnt' the the "ta^'was not to be; ""Ii that waT, fought for " home and i But. bsi Inck to ye*. Pathricfcl ^instthedeath, and closed the door on ^tradicnw who h** 1 glares in the slasher. £ ila for the holiowoess of the fighting •sac 1 " The syndicate had a call to pay.- Jgjai of S sure dividend, they parted a frerjnd rare or«r. The second edition of jj£ rsnE had a trr on, and got copped and Zęi Pathrick's friends fear tbaxMaloney ^^ IŁt Beit depatation to wait upon tbe "iimiŁ" when he leaves his summer reeisjjte, to earn a tenner on " qaanies' metal" aiircferenoe w the Oastiemiine article. jjrane climbing is generally supposed to hfew;thout that fcliiir called alcohol, die racoon after the momentary inspiration kin Hmsióerea fatal to the benefits be- ©ireó ce the fatigued traveller. Be that as" i UST, the Antrahan youth at any rate do; jSipparw have solved the problem, and know ;hey tske nothing for granted— ontró prove all things byactual experience. •fcĄa party of young mountaineers—by os iray, great sloggere with the bat and ball, gul vio designate themselves after their ^nwfistnesses, "Alps"—had arranged to culns iheiT native monutaic. One of their Batler procured two bottles of rale oald Irish whiskey to inspire tbembyćhe way. Tiłei about half way np the mount this jatss gat inspired with an idea, or raiips his idea was to get vii aoua- vita?, so he bawls out," Here boys U {'Low von how to uncork a bottle without i ark-screw." and without more ado heaves ócvt his overcoat and produces the two Wis. nne of which he sets down on the cue and begins t" slap smartly with the p!m of his baud, the •rhoie company jneanfisiie gfttherea round their mentor to vatch «}«iaoijs in scientific dexterity. This jnnLm£ and tittering however soon changed a blsat anuzement. 'i hf-y- enjoyed the 1 •oto; chagrin on Mentor's fsee while thfe OT trocjd not budge, bnt it was a case of m kst straw, when the' bottle burst and ra his hand, and the precious nectar lay likfsfihtet <'f uuicksilver ou the overcoat, fro there was a sen" the like of which has BDifaeojseen for many a day. The Jews' coila Dot have slmwn preater eagerness ivhrn t Jie Arfldemess ihey first saw tbe siruaia issue from the rock. Although I am r-T-r p my metaphor somewhat with eacred ud [rirnime. I must plead realisticnefB: of escepuou which brings LO mind where the ixat Fas enacted on a larger scale during aestractioii fay lire of one of tbe bonded Ewes iii Mćlhourne. when the street loafers Fere to be seen drinking the grog as 3 it ScveQ along the street gutters from the bfiisdug c&sts.; To return to my narrative, vben itic Ali»s " had made augend of Is^oiug, jJeutor sings out *' Fetch the "iłier l^e and I'll show yon bow it can be done, rai it," Behold it had vanished ; no one bi teen it, but the yonth who had annexed rs tiia his mates later on that be-did not canto see good staff messed about in that SewhŁm'. is there such a place as Newhsm^ ! ;.m favoured vrith some incidents iwa thi: ouarter of the filube. I know ih- FTie ie such a place in dear Old .Kngland,' ud aten I begiu to enumerate the host l of SUMS which occur to me with their English ŁfioaalioDs, ;he thought is borne upon me ttai our early colonists must have been Prang it their old world recollections and ii-t Leaving the land of their nativity for •» file of gain, tV-ir hearts 6tiU yearned i '* tbe home of their vou?h, and what better cetioe to wean tb- tn from home sickness IB&& th^t adopted of naming the homestead twtbpplice. mayhap, of their birth? Well, in tbe haiukt of which I now write, that " Yankee motion," the roller-skate, has hfaiiutrodueed of late. lans nut yet informed vhe&er; it has had a baneful effect on Hie tossg men and maidens - of that English aunsd village, but doubtless its parson if it fflf pit one. will very soon discover the ^uuun.Hke scource appertaining to that mngoratmg pastime. The place of RBdctvous was once -upon a time tile temple ofOadmns, but now transformed into" that' ^Teipsicbore. Four pair of skates were all t™ could he mustered; hence tbe spectator* Mid watch the antics of each performer: whose, the eye taking that numberm ™?ether. Some of the damsels who snyed the Tollers were of. heavy cslabre ^ the corresponding concnBsiou witil the • wis fqnally ponderous, while tie Ethe ^ifemaideoE with a dash of go in them, along with. a fur amount of success > ™ Kevham youths were not so -wise in tneir generation as the Wóodend NOTJL tocuguien. the bag of chafiE bustle never COTrrwi to them; hence their centre of suftered considerably, when^in «Wien«to the law or gravitation: they "orUieir seat upon the floor, thougb mnch 'P'pft their will, with an impaet snfficient tbe blocks beneath tie flooring, ™ bring th« building off theperpeodicnlas: daS of humanity was the cause of much •QOsanent at these gatherings, not to be ™ PWitfd we'll call lim •» Andy." Andy ®/K»bit of a character by the way. not pren to swearing as a rule, bnt still he iad with which clung to him, like & Sattkaves to a sheep's b«i. It had *£?? «?«iificatio!i, and yet in tbe way he It. if not meaninelesa. it was c.imical as f ^ b y him. My "gory oath" this. " gory oath," that was the invariable i 'Wie'if salute when this bucolic was address- i you, which has brought the smile to a mobile countenance despite an effort: »ttecoutraty. But the show of tbeeeawhen Andy sot strapped to ft W Of those darned Yankee oonsames. "hen helped to his feet by two "braves" ^.^palpitating With cageroesBfortiie- Jsplay rf gjTatoiypropul£ion,'he them to take him ronnd. He Mcommodafed that much .though with ^^^tod^C^Lito^JS? VO _ GoitAndy" shoots one. - Let em np long Vn," bawls another. and the ->>ng "on pre enough did let 'an rip, for ce coald not help himwlf, hc mewared on the tfloar in a backward direction, while the feoEdW «• restmndea wt th3anghter« - With^lort Łe attains ™ l^peodMolar, and is oaotionfed to tare ftimselt by dropping upon his ksees. bat the plugney ekat«6 will have tii^r a v B ^ the dnst in earnest. There's no need for plan of that building, Anay hasmasuiea it m every coneeivaHe direction on his back 1 imd in e very possible attitnde. Xow it is wbffiperad there is a splendid opening fora taflOT oat iVewham way—a ^toidy job pnttmg eerts in pants for the skating hatatnea. Will ,my fcnip take my tin Am I a. s-siltvT 1 Ay, ay, my lads. And as 1 have . , . ng of taking a consort in tow for MtowwHK, 1 just got afnrlourfi, andran opto rt'oodend, where 1 Wthat anything digthle in the shape of an A.B. may have his pick of half a doaen as turt and CTUg little dypete as ever left a wake behind town, ind 1 ever leea ghost? Vo ! Although, like ^-our almighty tJninn Jack, I've sailed in JuKwt ^era _ M d been of « iitde use. 1 «ev«r «iichored alo^^e«neo'tbose blannod b«ts. and I doot' bebeve ench a ctaft rails. Though, I tdiI yan this, I don't let all landsmen know, «I amoni^rattdfor'ard. Kfact. Igenw- \- I ™ »»>out three rises higher nor tte chief Lord of . the Admiralty hisself «5* ak " i»odsman abont my turnoa» Well, mrtes. j'm getting'off iny yarn, włnch 1 man to spin right away without, tntchor reef-knot I csone to soundings in ™ e HoW, and on tbe night of tbe ' Bkating I cruised over, thinking I might have a chance to din signals one : of ^nee dippers. 'Well," Uowed if lŁe fint tiling I don't sail across is floe of those State scho,J pedagopues, a-loffing, and a-tackmg, aoda-caiicitOTn^H M. service in a straight out blue- jacket'e tc«B <tihongh I nerar saw a Dutch coal lubber move so Kqtrirmnigly along under hfir canvas in three fathoms of Rotterdam canal mud), bnt Tni almost certain the neat little schooners took that sea-cook for tfcefinrt luff on « J4. After the fekating was over and a shaver in .the land dress of a Don Sh«mpooer had been entered ! at XJoyd'e astheouly A I in theequadroo. I 1 over to the hotel and went to bonk, with a start in the morning, thinking I had heard eight belle and was late on deck. When I opened the door of my berth in the deck-bouse wbat do you think 1 sighted hut that same marocming pedagogue (or what I took to be him) a hanging to^Hie yardarm i with a lanyard round us neck, and with his j skates stuck on his. feed just tai had seen him last. And the tadl--m»kerh»d etitched a yard of canvas on łun foretop in the shape of a nightcap. I just confess it gave me as great a start, as taking a header off the mainyard would «ff Eaxnschatka. Well, I hailed thesaiiof agun who runs the- crimp-shop, and he told me that someof "the chape f or'ard had tsmuggled the teacher's carmval togs and hanged him in effigy, as he had ran off with fheŁaet rigSBd schooner frron them fee night before, cutting her oat right Tinder their guns. I felt -relieved when I found the freshwater pirate had not gone 'to -Oavy Jones,.as.I didn't want to record the number of uyiBBn -at a Harbor Tmst -ęo^niry, 011 what bad run him aground. 