Notes On My Be;it. Tjik elections were auout tbe wildest 1 have seeu iu MarylMirougb, though that does *ut necessarily imply the riotous dis *irder which «re seen in the old couulry wlieu parly feeliug runs »« hlgli it dirt here. However, there w»s cnusider able fuu duriug the i:»y as well Heduuger. FiirhtiDp whs unt unknown, aud one hotel, arijaceut to the Town Hall, bud to he rinsed. Another hard-by was rushed hy a mob, wbo were in their turu sent flying nut of the windows. There was a little kicking 011 the head, and a light or two enlivened the proceedings from time to lime, gentlemen with rasb verbosity making heated remarks while surround ed tiy the enemy receiving a full stop aud a black-eye. About the best of the fuu were tbe war cries raised by the rival narties. A buggy full of intelligent voter would be sailiug down to tbe poll, aud meet another vehicle loaded with equally enlightened persons, but weariug rival color.--. Theu, as if tbe election depended ou which parly could make the most uoise, w ould be raised couflicting shouts such as ' Kiug and Chaos,' ' Hanueai and Hanarchy.' ' 'YDeand 'Appiness.'' One l-U£gy was particularly fortunate in itsh.ittiecry 'Kingand Couchology,' the auulogy being brought about by a tweed clothed Triton, who blew blasts with great ettect from a shell. Personal en- j counters of a similar nature would also take place, and it was not rare to meet twn ordinarily sober, churcb-wardeDisb looking persons like a couple of fighting crcks yelllDg at each other respectively, ' Kiug uud Freedom,' ' Annear aud Liberty.' At night every hotel had its bu-h lawyer iu power, aud one iu opposi tion, and I dou't think 1 ever saw such near approaches to fearful carnage, s.4 these arguments provoked, so amusiogly or easily reduced to harmony. Coats would tiy otf iu all directious, but during the wbole day probably not more than half a dozen persons were really hurl. Monsiqsok Persico, tbe adviser of Lhe Pope in the latter's recent decree, has a considerable amount to answer for al ready, and will be a lucky man if be gets ofl witbouttbe ignominy of having caused au irreparable breach iu the strongest porLions of hia Holiness' spiritual doini uious. A man like niyjeif cau look, ac knowledging the good work of Catholic ism, upon this matter from au unbiassed stand point, and it is hardly possible to C'lDC'ive of an impartial miud not siding wan Ireland in this Papal interference. England is not a stronghold uf papacy, ?tit ilit-re exisLrt mere a most powerful Catholic organisation, apart from tbe clerical ele ent, wit h the Duke of Nor folk at its head. These English Catholics are as cruel aud us heartless towards their brethren in the faith iu the sister island as tlie Anglicans aud Dissenters of iSDg lanii, aud verily Mous. Persico iu bis advice in the Pope has determiueii for England iu the question of whether to hold to tbe good old Catholics of Ireland aud help them iu their troubles, or to side with the lauded and bigoted Catho lics of Euglai d. When the Pope's de cree (.-II like a bomb ill Australia, tbe remark «as made from New Zsaluud rigl it up to Cooktown, that tbe cablegram had .-uttered a miscarriage, thus proving ho*' Uiorouahly doubitul aud unwise such n step, if made, was considered. All liu.k'il for, nay hoped, tbat some such mistake had occurred, but the action of leading Catholics in Ireland, aud tbe small b md of sympathisers 111 England, proves only too strongly that we received the ^isl of the decree, ai d that with the world we share the surprise in its harsh ness aud iinpiacticableness. Such an order could only be proposed by a Pope, hul 11 can lie carried mit, thank goodjees, 1 iv no mill). Ireland lias goue loo Inr in ln r li:iille for freedom, a cry which there i- wil'miil liuiilium, to so easily give Up her plans uud hopes. In Australia where ciiiircii diclali'iu is uu beard of, aud where tlie individual Docks pursue their own uork loward moral development, leaving polii ii:ai niaiters untouched, the decree is pa^i understanding. No one can explain what his possessed bis Holiness to put such a strain on the loyaltyof bis spiritual subjects iu Ireland, and no one can fore, see what will be tbe end of a step from which neither party can withdraw. ***** I'd desceud iu no small degree, and still touch for a moment on a Blight instance of clerical interference in public afTafra, I must enter a protest against seeing a Minister of the Gospel cadging for popu larity hy taking bis seat on a platform during election addresses. I allude, of course, to tbe fiev. W. Bonser, Baptist Minister of Maryborough, wbo slmul.) bave bad the good sense, ou whichever side his feelings ran, not to bave taken an active part in tlie recent election. There is nothing in law of course l-- pre vent a parson from publicly electioneer ing, just as there is nothing criminal in walking about tlie streets with one's frue blackened, and all one's clothes lurm d Insidp- out. In both cases Lhe action ie poiiI rary lo the unwritten law over which modesty presides. It is difficult to find out what ulterior motive the Hlv. W. Bonser may have had in making a political M-ny Andrew of himself, whether his soul i-- really so full of Queensland liber alism, or whether like some other gentle men of the cloth, be means eventually to give up tlie eae.red vestment and look f ir something else 011 the streneth nf Ills past well worked up political influence, but this I am sure of, tbat as long as Mr. Bonner conducts divine eerviw-, a«siNts those 111 trouble with ghostly advice, does bis duty, in fact, in thatstate of life to wbiuh it has pleased Uod lo call him, he will not loose anything in the sight of Heaven, or in the estimation of his flock by leaving election matters alone. ***** How did you feel, Mr. Editor, on Mon day morning as you walked about the streets. Your (Saturday's Issue had given out with what lofty confidence you rested in tbe certainty of Mr, KiDg's election, and lo ! that gentleman was completely thrown onone side for the twoGri ffltbites. I ask tbis question not wjtb tbe sneer you might imagine, but beoanne it In just one of tboBe which must arise iu the minds of we uninitiated people wbo are allowed to bave no more to do with papers than to read tbem, You were ol course not the only paper which on Mou dav moruiug had t ? uiaketli^ moat of u jolly good licking. What, for Instance, had' the ltlfffriyih to sayabml M'll wraith's tremendous vicmry for Noitli Brisbane tiiid Dutton's awful defeat f-r Iieielihardl. What had tile Bti') r't ? -; to say on Imtli tliese su'Jeuis, and on Mr. Stevenson's triumph at Clermont. Of course the f «« -icr and Figaro, which happened to he ou tlie winning side, n«. sullied lhe 'told you ho 'attitude which so many take upou themselves when it is not necessary to reveal tlieir astonish, ment. And then, agaiu, what dreadful men the country must — it ean't help it. self according to the iiewsr»p*'r*— -'M'' n to Parliament. Whatever side ymi g.. in for (lie candiilnte Is hr-praisi -l li.v liN or gan and be- foil led by 'our conleui|ior. ary,' aud, as election lime drawn nearer and nparer, it is truly marvellous wIihI a number ot frightful chaw* and awfu| insinuations c in lie hroinriil against smile caudidate who, looked upon in any other light than as euch, is really a veiy harm less, perhaps pleasant and p,i»»ihly honesi individual. Dou't you tliink, on the whole, that with all this free and 1 a«y vilifying, that it is a good thing tor put - lie morality that eleut.iou times are not more frequent. I CAN'T help it, I must say soiiietliinn more about the elections. Wnat a hung ing arrangemeut this piper and billot box is afterall ill these days of ingenuity ? Why not have some machine iikea t'Mal isaior. I cauimt 'he spot of the mo ment devise what! hint at, lint roughly speaking in Maryborough we should have three knobs which when [./''.v-erl nrpulled would bave a response iu a tid -'ule or cal culator with covered results. Oi course it would be for tbe patentee who mbs me of my suggestion, to plan against a drunken or dishonest mail taking lifty tickets on Annear an 1 a couple nf d. zen on Hyne, or against any person seeing what kuobs individu ii electors touched, but I thiuk that a m ehanical appliance could tie made which would make the elections pass ofl quickly and give I lie re sult in five minutes. What a really ticklish thing a good joke is, how well it keeps, and how sweeter far it becomes for the keeping. How many there are whom we meet with the power of anecdote, not one in a huu. dred of which when told are worth car. rying away, tbougb laughable at lirst, and in comic papers how many hundred jokes we see before we strike one which never leaves ub. We then handle (be gem, firn it over and over in our minds when fresh, and afterwards store it away iu our meutal shelves, to be taken down from time to time and fully enj iy d agaiu. That joke aboutthe Si/rlniu Morn, ing Herald appearing with t tie well known Christmas Hymn, as ' Hark, the Herald, angels sin^,' cau never become stale, or that about the hostess who when she asked acertain Mr. Spoonbill whet her she could find bim a via-i-vi*, received the reply, 'No, lhaub you, I have just bad a bun.' Ooinic pictures and scenes bave a great power of being pictured mi the brain and will, when good, yield con stant impressions. No nun who has seen Toole acting will ever foruet some par ticular expression which struck liini as exceedingly comical, and Maryborough playgoers will perhaps recollect, in the inimitable Harry Itickards a look or two of that most 'awfully' funny man, wbicb they can always reproduce, and delight in. Charles Lamii tells us of -h« immense impression mvleon him hy the facial expression of cert.iin .Mimic actors of his day. Comic pie .tires are photo graphed as vividly on tbe nuiid* us tragic. ANew York piper once pu -liVt d a full large sheet representing a hou-a-holder presenting a revolver to a b irgUr ju 't. re treating out of the window. Underneath the cartoon were the tor.-e i.-i: powerful enough words, ' You git !'' ?' Y -u bei !'? A parody on theotber hand is a destroyer pf pleasure. Human l's ' t ikes .-11 ' m of our favourite author tare -uch killing likenesses though exaggerated and dis torted burlesques of their individn .1 style, that to read one of them after reading Burnand's imitations is to find tbe nld pleasuregone. The L oidnn ru'tch every year duriog the seaso 1 publishes 1 arics tun-s of lhe pictures exhibited in (lie Royal Academy. So clever are these, that it absolutely spoils the enjoyment of the visit up there if tbe imitations are seen before going to Burlington House. Even iu music parody plays stid havoc, for Sullivan's magnificent sustained cadences to W. S. Gilbert's song, ' Kor he is an Englishman' in 'Pinafore,' spoil one for almost any oratoric l chorus. In parts the grandeur of the music vies with the 'Hallelujah' chorus. And in ttie saine way who can enjoy again one's own favourite lines from a pet author after that brute Smith has read us a clever parody o/liis own oa those very lines? The ghost of tbe travesty haunts them ever afterwards, ***** In these miles tint long ago a very strong protest was made ogaiust the con stant misdirection nf suu-dcal talent hy efforts towards proficiency in thai m^rv I of unmusical machinery the ennceitiiiH. Bush people ought to go In for something which would accompany their songs, and a banjo would he just the thing. Bmjo playing in Kugland has been all the rage 'iu tbe very best circles,' for some lime (though this is ' not hy no means ' a recommendation) and the real reasou is to be found iu (he fact of its eisy accom plish men t. Up to a certain and very Useful point both the l-anj- and the guitar, and I have no douht the harp as well, are learnl with comparative ease and by ear, even should the learner not 'Hnnw a note nf music.' Tlie useful point I refer to is that of vamping, an accomplishment which really requires nothiug more than a good ear. It is uot sufficient that one should he fond of music to vamp, nor is it to betaken fur granted tbat tbose wbo play from notes well can vamp. Tbe latter Is tbe accom paniment, pure and simple, of songs on an instrument, and requires only tbe mastery of a few chorda. Tbe ear atten tively trained will guide the accompanist I when to make use of bis respective chords, and when he hap mastered these, be will go a step further, and introduce those accidentals and changes in tbe bage notes, wbicb. when cleverly bandied, » make the nccompanient quiie a» well worth listening to as the best nf snntr*. The Pnlice Magistral*' of Gayndah, Mr. W. It o. Hill, is one nf the 'lioest Vain, pers to he mot with. He plays nugnili cently from ear too, but his lime and chords in following the singer are equally a pleasure to listen to. The banjo ofteis au easy instrument for amateurs to learn, as it can he self- taught with tile help -.f :? hook, though It is better to have a mast.er for a few lessons. In London they under take to teach people the banjo ill twefve lessons. CONSTABLK X. 