POETRY. A BUSHMAN'S REMINISCENCE. Here la the epot; here let na camp; The creek range low; the wattles Blgh; And from the far-off misty a tramp Besounds the curlew's walling cry. Turn loose the horses; let them graze; And light the camp-fire's ruddy glow; From out the brushwood's tangl'd ways Steal shadowy forms sf long ago. This is the epot. Ten years hare past, And chance has brought me back once mot To where my lot In life was cast For joy and woe in days of yore. The fire bnrns bright; dark shadows sway Around us with the leaping flames, like ghosts of that departed day Whose power to-night my mem'ry claims. Old man, two faithful chums we're been Through many a wild and reckless year; Staunch mates In many a boisterous scene, Handiest through danger, sin, and fear. My life is drawing to an end; y et ere its close I'd like to tell This yarn to you, my trusty friend, Of one 1 lord, God knows how well I Methonght to-night I saw her stand As when her form first met mine eyes— A wattle blossom In her hand, Her sweet face flushed with shy surprise. All day I'd ridden far and wide Through batren scrub, o'er breezy down, And drew my rein at eventide Beside theBe waters golden-brown. She stood amid tbis wattle grove. The sunset on her gleaming hair, A lissome creature made for love. With dusky eyes and visage fair. What matter that her speech was rough, What matter that her birth was low 1 We lov'd—ab, was not that enough For passing bliss and lasting woe J Disown'd by ail my kith and kin, What was their ancient name to me 1 I could not deem my love a Bin In this bright land of liberty. I weary yon—It boots not now To tell yon bow I lov'd and lost I scarce remember when and how Her father's will our wishes crost. The springtide wattles were in bloom When first we met. We met to part Beneath a sky whose wintry gloom Match'd well the Borrow of the heart. To-night it all comes back again : Her clinging arme. her sobbing tones, Tbesollen sky, the drizzling rain, The breeze that through the swamp oak moans. Her grave is far from here; no trace Save yonder hearthstone, bare and cold, Is left to-day to mark the place Where stood her father's hnt of old. Ho trace is left of love's sweet dream, That flll'd this spot with beauty wild; But mem'ry sheds a lurid gleam O'er ruin d joy by hope beguil'd. E. Charles, in Town and Conntry^ 