An American Ohost Story. Mr. B. F. Strong was in town the other day, says the St., Louis ' Glebe- Democrat, to see about filing a claim against the Hannibal and St. Joe Railway Company for damage' caused by the killing of some stook belonging to him. At one time in his early .manhood, Frank, ns he is popu larly called, was a great lover of the national game of pokor, and while here he related a wonderful story of a game in which he once participated. Twelve years ago, while dealing extensively in cattle, Frank made a trip to Avon, Illinois, and there sought lodging at the old Revere House, now burned. It was lato in the evening when he arrived and accommodation was limited. The land lord informed him that ther6 was but 1 ono vacant room, and this a deserted one, believed by those familiar with the place to be haunted. If this would suit, a cot could be fixed up for tho guest. This being his only chance, Strong accepted the situation, and in the bare room desti tute of furniture, a mattress and blankets wore provided. While thoso arrange* merits were being made the host explained that some years bofore two men. had sought lodging in the bouse and occupied this room. In the middle of the night a pistol shot was hoard, and those who had rushed to the spot discovered one of tho two companions lying dead on tho floor with a bullet in his heart. The murderer had escaped by tho window. The cause o£ the trouble was oxplained by a pack of cards lying scattered on the floor, togother with some toose coin, which was found on the table whore they had been playing. A quarrel between two gamblers over their game had re sulted in a tragody. Since then the ghost of the murdered man, sometimes in company with other spooks, was said to nightly visit the room. Nothing daunted by tho tale, Strong blew out his light and retired. Some time during the night he awoke aud saw two ghostly forms seated on tho floor playing cards by the pale moonlight, which streamed through tho window. For a few moments he watched them, then his delight in the irnmA hniiw nluved overcame all other considerations, and he jumped up from his mattress and asked if he might have a hand. Not a word was Bpoken by the two figures in white, but one of them suddenly dealt a hand to the stockman, who had audaciously curled himself upon the floor beetween the ghostly gamesters, having not even waited to dress himself. The game was poker and for a time the ante was low. Both pale spirits appeared well supplied with money, in bills and silver. Without the exchange of a word the game progressed. Finally Strong laid down his ante a 5dol. bill. All drew, and Strong's bet of 20dol. was raised by each until 230dol. lay on the floor. On a hand of four tens Strong won. Neither of the mysterous individuals was a scien tific player, and in the course of a few bands the lone mortal managed to run in several successful bluffs. For two hours the game had progressed, when at the crowing of a barnyard fowl, both the white- robed personages arose, startled, and sadly 'withdrew. The manner of their egress from the apartment, Strong declares, is yet a mystery, as no aperture larger than the key-hole existed. Strong took a pull of brandy to quiet his nerves, and counted over his winnings, which slightly exceeded 600dols; Then, looking carefully to his revolver, he placed the money undor his pillow and again re tired, sleeping soundly until awakened by the landlord's rap. To the latter's enquiry whether he had been disturbed by spirits, he replied that nothing un usual had happened. This occurrence, Frank said, in conclusion, he regarded as a warning that disembodied spirits ought never to tackle an able- bodied stockdealer in a game of poker. As to. the genuine ness of tbe money he had won, all doubt was dispelled when on reaching St. Louis is served to purchase a week of fullblown enjoyment. 