A Russian (Jhost Story. When the Winter Palace was finished tbe empress appointed a day for taking possession of it; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirnly of noblemen, guard in the new castle. Along, dark corridor led to tbe middle door of the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young nob! men were posted It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected, suddenly the attention of the young men were at tracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the keyhole of the throne room. Who could have any business at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated nnly for the re ception of foreign ambassadors? One of the young men considered ifc his (Uity to investigate the matter, and approached the door for thai; pnrpo.ip, but as soon as he had glanced thro-.iijh the keyhole he called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. 'The empress has- already arrived,' whispered he ; ' she is seated on the thronr, directly opposite to tho door.' The other also loolcol through the apperture and noon ecrified this to be a fact. The empress was seated in a tranouil dignity on an elevaterl wolrlen stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the iinponal arras of Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted ; but it was impossible to ascerhiin if anv other persons were preso.nt, as the thickness of the door-lock. allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not Ion? after om- of tbe higher officers appeared and said, — ? 'You can all now r«t,ire : the empress will' not cunre to-nijrht.' ' But hsr mnJBRty is already here.' ' Wliat ?_Who ?'' 'Her majesty is in olio throne-room.' ' Impossible !' ' You can 'see for yourself.' The officer -'looked, immediately ro coj-nised the empress, and said wonder fullv 'I cannot understand what tlm marshal means, He has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards, ba withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events I will ascertain what new order, the marshal- has issued. Mean while do you remain here as the em nrRss mnv nass this wav.' The marshal, Prince TCuratin, was fortunately in the palace, and as soon as. ho heard of the tnysterioua report hastened to the corridor, and peeped in1 his turn through the keyhole.' ' My G-od, it is the empress ! Her majesty herself! 'What can it mean?' exclaimed he. ' How can this be possible, when I have just left her presence? She was dressed in her every-diiy attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded ! Let no one go in or out ! I will hasten to report at once.' The distance between tho two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached tho, small place, temporarily occupied by the empress. ;- ( Where is the empress?' ' In her sleeping apartment.' ' The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply. ' Are you sure that the empresB is here?'- , ? , ' Of course; she is preparing to retire. ' ' In a few minutes. Prince Kuritin, much evtited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. Tba empress stood before him in night nogligee. Kura tin turned. pale. ' Well said tho emprees, ' you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's name is tho matter with you? Is there any nem . from the army?' Kuratin hurriedly, related what he had seen. 'It is a knavish trick, ' cried Eliza-' beth. ' We will take a nearer look at t,heao comedians. T will go in your sloit;' , ICuratiu; you can mount behind. Hu..y.' Arrived sit the Wintor Palace, the castelitin wap orHorcl to bring the key of Ihf! tliVoiu'! room; six grenadiers were commandad to load their guns, anrl led by the empress the little troop betook them -clvos to the corridor. The light shone aa before through tho key-hole. Tho door was cautiously reopened and a flood of light filled tho corridor. Tho empress stepped within the room followed by her guards who placed themsolves round her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but onpty. On the throne was seated a a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds, and crowned with the royal diadem. One instant E'izabetb uazad steadfastly at .her double, then moved forward a few steps. Simul taneously the appartion stood up, stepped down from the throne, and then remained standing as immovably slill as the empress. Ifc was a thrilling moment! ' Fire-?' cried the empress. The guards raised their' guris and all six aimed directly at the ghostly visi tant. The triggers- snapped. *At the same instant the figure, clapped its hands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into intense dark ne.is. then followed a grout commotion and confusion, while tha empress called. — ' Bring lights,' . Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but absolutely nothing was found to elucidate tho mystery. Every door was locked and gu.inled. The guards had seen no one ieavethe palace. Tho empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the perper trator of the trick, if trick it were. Tho occurrence made a deeper im pression upon Elizabeth than she would admit. Eight, weeks afterwards she died; — Exchange. 