V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. FIRST DAY.-NEWMARKET HANDICAP The autumn meeting of the Victorian Racing Glub, which has completely monopolised the attention of the sport ing world for some weeks past, was opened at Flemington on Saturday after noon. The meeting this year has been extended to a four days one, and will be continued on Tuesday, Thursday. and Saturday this week. Locally there has been but little interest manifested in the meet, but Tuesday's results, particularly of the Cup, will be anxiously looked forward to. The result of each race as run was wired us from the course and posted at our office, and the following particulars are from the Herald : ESSENDON STAKES. One mile and a quarter. Carlyon (Hales) ... ... ... 1 Nelson (Brown) ... ... ... 2 Cyclops (Campbell) ... ... 3 Only three s.tartl. Betting: 5 to 2 on Neis., Carlyon, 10 to 1 C'.3-ps. Cyclops drew up io Caoiyo aid ~u: 1,: the straight with him on even termb. Nelson kept his lead tJ the straight and seemed to be going strongly, but at the half distance Nelson was challenged by Carlyon and beaten by a length and a half cleverly. Cyclops was more than a dozen lengths off, third. Time-2min. 10sec. THE ASCOT VALE STAKES. Three- quarters of a mile. Volley (Hales) ... ...... 1 Pearl Shell (Kean) ... ... 2 Consequence (Gorry) ... ... 3 The following started:-Lady Betty, Consequence, Pearl Shell, Sylvester, Lord Bundorra, Wycombe. Volley. Betting: 5 to 2 agst Volley, 4 to 1 Wycombe, 5 to I Pearl Shell, 5 to 1 Conse quence or Lady Betty. At the distance Volley got on terms with the leaders, and drawing away, won easily by a couple lengths from Pearl Shell. Consequence was close up, third, followed b, Wycombe, Sylvester and Lord Bundoora. The judge decided that there was a dead heat between Consequence and Wycombe for third place. Time-lmin. 16seoc. ST. LEGER STAKES. One mile and threeqluarters and 132 yards. Abercorn (Hales) ... ... 1 Australian Peer (Power) ... 2 Moorhouse (Gorry) ..... .... 3 Enfilade (O'Brien) and Niagara (Trahan.) Betting: 2 to 1 against Abercorn, 5 to 2 Australian Peer, 5 to 1 Moorhouse, 7 to 1 Niagara or Enfilade, Enfilade was first away, and was fol lowed up the straight by Moorhouse and Niagara. Passing the stand Enfilade was leadi.ng by three lengths from Aus. tralian Peer, whilst a gap of four lengths separated the latter from Moorhouse and Niagara, who were running on even terms, Abercorn lying off last. The order was the same at the turn, but along the river Enfilade was taken along fast by O'Brien, and he soon had a five lengths lead of the Australian Peer, the latter, who was going very strongly, being four lengths in front of Moorhouse and Niagara, who were running in close company. At the bridge, the order was much the same, Enfilade leading the Australian Peer by four lengths, whilst Niagara was a length behind the latter, and Abercorn still last. Enfilade con tinued to lead, and was in front at the turn three lengths before the Australian Peer and Niagara. Once in the straight Hales brought Abercorn up on the out side. Below the distance the Australian Peer got on even terms with Enfilade and passed him, but at the half distance Hales brought Abercorn alongside him and it was all over, Abercorn winning easily by a length and a half. Moor house just beat Enfilade for third place, Niagara a bad last. Time-3 min. 151 sees. As Hales returned to scale, after scoring his third consecutive win, he was loudly cheered. NEWSIARKET HANDICAP. Three-quarters of a mile. Cranbrook (Hales) .. ... 1 Lord Allen (M. O'Brien) ... 2 Victim (Power)... ... ... 3 The following were the starters: My Lord (Gorry), Malua (J. King), Acme (Bowes). Mozart (Rommage), Spade Guinea (Norton), Cranbrook (Hales), Mitrailleuse (Kelso), Ben Bolt (MeAuliffe). Master John (Thomas), Centaur (Saunders). Pakeha (Moore), The Forsaken (O'Brien), Epicurean (Fielder), Boz (T. Brown), Sumatra (Bence), The Queen, (Gough), Victim SPower), Chicago (Maybin), The Charmer (Huxley), Escutheon (Cox). Lord Allen (M. O'Brien), Casuist (Camp bell), Dick Swiveller (Tomlin), Pomona (Fountain), Louise Berta (I'alty), South Melbourne (O'Keefe), Torpedo (Cracknell), Tabard (McDonald). Betting--7 to 1 Centaur, S to 1 Cran. brook, 10 to 1 Mozart, Mitrailleuse, and Lord Allen, 14 to I Master John and Torpedo, 16 to 1 Victim or Chicago, 20 to 1 Escutcheon, Boz, The Queen, Spade Guinea, M3alua or My Lord, 25 to 1 Pakeha, Epicurean, Dick Swiveller, Pomona, 50 to 1 Louise Berta, Casuist, South 3Melboure or Tabard. With very little difficulty Mr. Watson, got the 21 runners into line. At the fall of the flag the first to show in front was Master John, followed by Epicurean, Mozart, Torpedo, Lord Allen, 3My Lord, Dick Swiveller, Sumatra. At the tan the colors of Mitrailleuso were the first to cross, with Master John, Ben Bolt, Boz, Cranbrook, and South Melbourne about the last of all. Coming to the rails Ben Bolt, Mozart, Victim, My Lord, Lord Allen, Boz, and Chicago formed the front division. Victim had a distinct lead at the distance, the next being Ben Bolt, Lord Alien, Cranbrook, The Charmer, and Boz. Cranbrook made his run at the half distance, and was soon in the lead with Victim, Lord Allen, Epicurean, and Ben Bolt heading the others. Cranbrook came with the lead, and nothing else having a ghost of a show with him, he placed the New market Handicap to Mr. White's credit. Heu beat Lord Allen by three lengths, Victim a very good third. Epeicurean was fourth, Boz fifth, Chicago sixth, Gharmer. Then came Master John, Mozart, The Forsaken, Ben Bolt, with South Meolbourns. Time-1 min 14seu., tts fastel time on record. THE HOPEFUL STAKES. Five Furlongs. Forest Queen (Campbell) ... " Wyvis (Gallagher) ... ... i Impetus (Ettridge) ....... 3 Forest Queen and Wyvis ran a dead heat for first place, The starters were:-Impetus, Forest Queen, Wyvis, Knightsbridge, and Pre cedence. Betting : 2 to 1 Knightsbridge, 3 to 1 Impetus. Wyvis led into the straight, and came on with the advantage, Impetus making a brilliant but unsuccessful attempt to come through on the inside opposite the stand. Forest Queen was brought up, and gaining on Wyvis inch by inch, just made a dead heat of it on the poet, Im. petcs third. Timco --lmin 4lsec. In the run ofe Porest Queen won by a length. aRUNSWICK STAKES. (One mile and a quarter. Mentor (O'Brien) ... ... I The Yeoman (Gampbell) ... 2 Escatcheon (Cox) ... ... 3 The stterse w'.- .. . -.' ieuse, and Loyalist. The betting was 3 to 1 Lord Allen or Lava, 7 to 1 Mentor, S to 1 Yeoman, 10 to 1 bar four. At the distance The Yeoman went to the front, but was beaded by Mentor by about three lengths. The Yeoman just defeated Escutcheon for second place, Lava fourth, Ravensworth fifth. Time-2min. 81sec. 