?frndSilrerton was ' discovered' and it became np BVre'nent .to all except extreme pessimists that a great ? *d pennant metalliferous Hold had been opened in I ie extreme West,' the people of Hay hold a meeting ?L-d urged upon the Government the necessity to con fcaue theHay railway to Jlenindio, and so on to I Iverton, so an to obtain lor the colony n groat pro I'rtipnof the enormous trade which was bound to [iVelop. But the Government of tho day paid no |,ed 'to the representations of tho people in tho I Mt,' The idea of constructing a railway to a flash I- tho pan like a silver diggingt was to them ridicn tu. They did not remember that the first great Fistnlian railway lines were constrocted to gold J'to, the lines, to Sandhurst and Ballarat, and that L ete linei bave always paid well, and that they Listed the great districts of which these cities are Iv'eapitalt,, Bot if New Sooth Wales would not ?)? her own people, if sho lot the people of the Bar ?^?irelter in their waterless, thadeless region, if sho 1 v them no chancs, to develop the mines, SoutHi B-M»lu|,^thoagh very much poorer, seized the op ^Panitj, alid now Broken' Hill has a railway, it is ?W» where a white man can. live, and ita resourcos ?. feeing deitloped with a rapidity that is astonish ?( not Auitralaiia but the whole world. ? And now l^neyi- whining a»d complaining because Melbourne ?4 Adelaide are getting all the dividends and Ado |d»;the trafflo and commerce, nnd the Telegraph is Ijbfiibing articles about the question as to how tho ?Hdtadtaind the tramc and commerce can be got. f rwr if th» people of this district had been listened Liome years ago Sydney w'onld not be out in the ltd. Anyone /must have known that' seeing the Bar I.T.ij with'iD our own bounds, there must bo a .largo |Vfflcbet«een Sydney and Silverton. At present this K'2« has to go a half circle, from Sydney via Mol ?4ime and Adelaide and Terowie to the Barrier. If Mple-jo Westers Biverina, Wilcannis, excopted, ?^ togo the Farrier, they have, if tboy consider ?.(dand cho»pne»j, to travel in an almost perfect ?tlo.' Silvorton is not more than 300 miles from m\» byro«d, but slmbat everyone who goes ttioru ? -1« TJ»M«Ibou'rne and Adelaide, eo be doet tho ?^pe-io.HOO miles instead of 300! ' Sydney itself ?Laov brgan to sgitale for a line to Silterton, and ^R-lv«cito« in thst city use the very argnmonts ad. ?f.Wsttlio meeting held in liar on tho , sntjoct. ?gs^.h^tettrijuniouts.was that todovelop Silrer ?V^:\Lwt» quantity : of smelting, material was nei ?lv,jr, »J»| that this coold be supplied from MeniD^.: die and Berrima. This argumont is now boing used, bnt bo far tho attempt is to havo the lino made via Cobar or 1'orboi. Wo aro not opposod to thoCobar lino oxcopton tho ground that the conntry traversed will yield no traffic, .savo Wilcannia and tho Barrior. -igainat tho Forbes line thoro is ovory possible argumont, Thoro should bo a railway to Forbes bcycud a doubt, but timo will havo to pass bofore it can be oxtondod further. Light trams, which we havo so earnestly advocated, and tin principle of which has mot with nceopt anco in tho Sydney press and Parliament will do all that is required to bring in the traffic of the towns boyond Hay and Forbos and tho saving of stock in yoars of drought. The lino from Hay to Menindio nu'd Silverton has many advantages. It ?.would travorao a hauitublo and fairly 'settled region right on to the Barrier. It would go through a delta that has great possibilities in tho ense of irri gation being adopted ; which is a cortaicity, Thero is no comparison botweon tho prospects of a railway betwoen^Eorbes or Cobar and tho Barrior atd ono from Hay. Tko former routes ' woa.ld bo through sterile, rabbit infested dosorts (on the Forbos route, onto tho Hillston region was passed; on tho Cobar all tho way), .whilo tho Hay-Barrier railway would pass through fairly good country, country with oxcol lont proapocts. Tho lino would havo also this advan tage, th'at it would givo'.tho Barrior people commuid of tho extensive tracts of forest near Menimlio. Tho other roates would not givo a ghost of a chmico in.that direction. Besides the Hay-Moninaio line would havo othor resources than tho Barrier traffic. Mcnindio is tho pi ice whore tho wholo of tho Darling traffic can l-o caught, and if it was tapped by a ruilway. Sydney would derive considerable benefit. Thero would bo a good market nt Menirdio for prodnco and perisb ablo articles for the Darling region. Of course wo are not going to try and muko oat that any such lino would givot is colony and its capital tho Barrior trade. The distance forbids that. But wo don't know but if thoro was a railway Riverine towns could not peg in for a lot of tho trade, for wo aro'no furthor off, if thoro was a railway, than Adelaide. Bat at all cents the lino we recommend would got all tho oas tern traffic and {commerce that is now forced todo scribo tho grand circle via Melbourne, Adolaido and Torowio. ? ? ' ' ' One of tho most profitable meditations ofthe Cen tennial timo was the possibilities of tho noxt 100 years, Tho subject gives scopo to' the most vivid ima gination. The progress of Australia until tho dis covery of gold in 1851. was romarkiibly slow. The con tinent was under tho soporific influonce of Sydney and simply slept. The men who came here iu 1851 woke the country to life, and sinco then our progross has been astonishing and hna gone on liko a Bnovrball, gathering as it goes. iVloro progress has beon made in thodecade 1877-87 than in a^iy othor decade, except that in which gold was discovered. Of late years tho groivth is specially iu population, human and animal. Australia seems essentially a fecund land, as the rab bits show and tho rapidity of multiplication is re markable. Within the last ten years the population has nearly doubled. Following tho rules laid down by Mr Proctor in ? an article recently published in the Qraiicrh would not seem that Mr Hay tor's ostimato of a population of 100,000.000 for Australasia in 2088 is likely. If wo brood us wo do now, nnd thero is no check, tho horsoshoo sum will bo nothing to us. In tho meantime science will progress and it will smooth our way. What are now arid wastes will bo reclaimed by means of water and settled by a dense popula tion, Tho cities of Australia will bo wonders of the world. Melbourne and Sydney if they koep the ? pro sent proportion will have populations of 4,000,000 to 5,000,000 each. It is not improbable that central towns like Hay will have nearly as largo populations as the capitals, as Chicago has now in America. But we could go on imagining for pages. There is ono thing certain, however: that tho Shadow of tho Past which delayed our progress and is delaying it. even now, will long before that timo havo passed away for ever — blotted out boyond recognition. The ' bottomless pit' in. tho Park is now a real attraction, with' the soporb flock 61 black swans sailing graeofully over it. Tho two ' chicken emus' and tbo native. companion am. kept in a little enclosure on tho north sido, Tho emus are too young yet to think of miachiof, their vocation boing to. swallow everything they see, and tho native eomnan ion appoars in too great a brownstudy as to how ho got there to peck at anything.- However, tho human ' chickens' bad better not be too venture some, or else somo of Ihom will bo going home minus what they can't replace. The Council was confiding enough to Bond a tolo gram to Sir Henry Parkea asking tho Government to givo£100 for the purpose of giving tho childron of Hay a Contonniul treat. No ono thought thero would bo a response, but it was thought as well to fire a shot atSir'Enry. On Thursday evening tho following reply was 'received : 'Colonial Secretary's Office, Sjdney, 21st January, 1888, Sir, In reply to your telegram of the 20th inst, asking that pecuniary assistnr.ee may bo affo dod by tho Go eminent for the iiurposo of carrying out the Centonuiul colb btations at Hay, I am directed by tho Colonial Secretary to inform you that thero nro no funds from which assistnnco can bo given towards local celo DrationB of tho Contennary of tho colony. [Signed] Critchett Walker.' ? ' A picnic for tho benefit of tho I. O. G T. was held on Thursday, Centennial Day, and took place down tho river, the steamer Rivorina boiog engaged to take down the exim*hiouists. The picnic was a success, and tho trip down tho river was greatly enjoyed, although tho weather was rather warm. Tho sum nf £\i was cleared by the picnic. Catholic. — Tho Convent school will roopon on Monday next. Parents uro requested to send their children on tho day of opening, and punctually aftor wurds. Witliout regular attendance at school childron cannot possibly make progross in their studios. Last year tho average daily attendance was over ono hundred, and the result of the examination at the end of the year was on tho wholo very satis factory; h'ghly so, indeed, in some of the classes. It is to bo hoped by reguUr attendance tho results at' the end of tho prosent year may bo equally sutia factory, if not eton better. Parents who desire their childron to learn music, drawing, fancy work, etc, may havo them taught at a very moderate charge by thoroughly competent teachers; also children wishing to learu how to speak and writo tho French lan guage have a grand opportunity of doing so from tho lady suporioreBS and otherB of the community who havo boon educated in France. TESthouBand 'ration tickots' to oolobrato tho Cen tonuial, and eagerly availod of : What a satire. Tho tickets word as follows :— Two loavos of broad, ono joint beof or mutton 61b weight, 2lb whito sugar, lib. tea, -Jib butter,' lib cheese,' lib currants, lib raisins, 41b Hour, ono cake tobacco and pipe, one tin pro? socvod nsh or jam, ono quart milk, 71b assorted vogo tables. . . ' ? The following important notice appears in the Gazette of tho 27th :? It is horoby notified, for public information, that in .terms of clause 2 of tho Hay Court House (Site Acquisition) Act of 1887, His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of tho Executive Council, has been pleased to approve of the .appointment of tho'/undermentioned gentlomen as Trustees of tho Athonooum Sito at Hiiy, area two roods six perches, being part of section 26, viz : Messrs Alexander Pontloton Stewart, J. PI, Thomas Robert son, William Travis, J..P, ?? . ? . i ' ? . . ' Sydsev would buy nothing at Silverton in the struggling days of the Barrier, nnd now bho screams because Melbourne, who found tho capital to.dorelop tho field ib reaping all tho. benefit. Sydnoy would not hoar of a railway to Silverton, nnd now it is crying out because Adolaide has obtained all tho traffic by a' line from Terowio, . which in roality rescued tho dwollorj in tho Silver Desert and res tored them to lifo and civilization again. Sin Heskv Pakkes, at tho onveiliug of tho Quoon'a Statue, read an extract from a poem writton by him self on tho Coronation of Her Majesty — fifty yoars ago. . . On Saturday, a man named John Davidson, fami liarly known as 'Salvation Army Jack,' wont into Norman's stote at Picton near Sydney, and broke a door and window. He then got three kittens and bit the heads off thorn, chowing one head np. Ho bit a clothes lino in two, and ate a large piece off a bar of soap. With considerable difficulty he was appre hended. Whon lodged in tho luckup, he ate tho upper off ono of-his boots and tried to hang himself. Tho police havo beon up with him both nights, and tbo doctor nas Doon in regular atteudanco. The unfor tunate follow is suffering from the effects of driak procured in Sydney, which nvat' havo beon of vilo ?quality. . . The Sydnoy JDaily Telegraph ought to know what it ie writing ubs-nt before it uttacks protection. In, ono of its articles on getting hold of tho trado of the Barrier, it puts forward tho extraordinary argu ment' that' the South Australian protection dutios will be as much a handicap to tho trado ol Adolaido with tho Barrior as will tho oxtra distance to Syd ney. The writor forgets the systom of drawbacks. Ha ought to go to school again. Ma W.'W. BEsYsomb'tiirib since started' a nowB paporat Cond&bolin; callod thb Herald but not receiving Milliciont -support has had to give up. Mr Iunes-'-» to carry on the paper but in a- reduced form. ? .Mr Best's valedictory addroas is welUvorth publishing : Before I commenced to' publish this journal nt the beginning of October last I-hadnum-. orous promises of support, aiid although I havo I striven hard to merit tho sane (and I think I can say without ogotism that I succeeded), thoao promisor in a groat many- cases havo not boon ful fillod. Tho consequence is that I am now obligod to roliBquish tho businojs, nnd havo transforrod it to Mr limes, who will print tho ..Herald in future .. I desire hoirtily to thank those, who hare supported mo during my short proprietary — those who havo shown by thoir support that thov havo sufficient public spirit to wish to ooo a local journal published in tho district. A great many pooplo seem to bo imbued with the idea that newspaper pooplo clotho thomselvos with exchanges, and livo on scraps of vrasto paper and paste, but Buch is not tho caso, Running a nowspapor costs imonoy and n Rood doal of it. Newspaper proprietors are chargod for every thing they got, just tho sumo as others, and if pooplo nro dosirous of boing roprosontod by a nowspapor, thoy must oxpect to contribute, thoir sharo towards its support, and I trust that the' poople of this town und district will seo that it is necessary, if thoy wish to bo so represented, to accord to Mr Innos a moro liberal support than thoy hnvo to mo. The following is tbo latoit news from Cobar mines: In tho Mount Billygoe Syndicato Shaft at tho 90ft level sonth drive a roof nbout 12 inches wide carrying about OJoz of silvor nnd 5oz of gold per ton has boon found. Tho first shot inthonew working* of Chos uoy claim was fired by Warden McKoll in tho pro sonce of a large number of Cobar pooplo on Wednos day last. The proceedings wore a groat success, at, sploudid samples of gold wqro found in allstono blown out. Tho n rth shaft is now in full swing on this roof, and it is oitimntod that along tho lino of Chos noy roof about forty men aro now at work all gotting good indications. Groat dissatisfaction is expressed bv tho sharohoMors in tho Occidontal claim concoru ing tho unsatisfactory munnor in which two tons of utono sent dawn to '.ho Mint through the hauSi of Sydnov mining agents have beon troatod.' It has boon nllogcd that- although moro than 42 bags of stono was dolivorod to tho Mint yot tho quantity treated was ovor ono ton short of tbo quantity actually for warded. The stono treated yioldod 1 oz ^ dwt to tho ton, Mr Chosney has several tons of stono packed ready for transmission to Sydnoy for crushing. The weather boing oxpiriencod in Eu'opo at pro sont h of almost unprecedented severity. Tho laud is mantled in snow, aud tho cold is intense In Southern Russia the goods traffic by road and rail has* been entirely suspended, and it is 1 oliorod that tbo movoments of tho Russian troops on tho frontier of Austria havo been brought to a comploto stand still. In Russia and Austria Hungary, too, tho in habitants uro panic utrickon by tho ravnRos of tho 'immeuso packs of starving waives. A Hungarian judge while sleighing foil a victim to the wolve-i, and naa devoured iu his sletgh. One peasant, whilo. carrying a young son in his arm*, was be-et with tho ravtuous animals. Ho flung the child to tho pack and by thus diverting thoir attention from himself sucjeeded in tiflectiug his escape. Ho has since been arrested for his cowardico. A rAUMEtt nt Wy.hettolla (V), has dono most of his strippi g by lamplight, baviug three lamps attached to his stripper, and working at uight. Mit. Archibald M'Liurin, of Moroco station, died on tho 19th imt., aged 31. of acute gastritis. It will bo noticod by our advertising columns that Mackenzlo Bros, ofDeniliquin will sell on tho 21st February Mr Robert Gills' magnificent carrier's Hud farmer's plant, ono of the most cornpleto offered for years. . Protection doos not soem to work so badly in Vic toria. At the first half yearly mooting of tho Depton Mills Hat Factory a dividend of 10 nor cont was do clarod. ' . ? . The following from tho Age is ominous : Placo a considerable additional import duty on fat stock, and wo give effectual protection to our farmors nnd gruziow ugaiuat the owuocs of tho extensive stations inNew.South Walos and Queensland, who aro now able to swamp tUo Victorian markot and make local competition impossible. Tho proposal will bo decried, no doubt, as ' anti federal,' and ono calculated to mako New South Wales unfriendly. It is abont time we abandoned our efforts to conciliate New South Wales, Binoo they aro beginning to mako us ridiculous. The moro conciliatory tho ottitudo of Victoria is, tho moro rancorous appear to grow tho feelings towards hofof her neighbor across tho Munuy. Certainly tho action of Messrs Gillies and Wrixon in imploring the Federal Council to abstain from passing measures for tho benefit of the colonioa in tho Union, last tho eolonies which rofoso to join it should bo placed nt a disadvantage, was an exhibition of cosmopolitanism worthy of tbo doctrinaires of tho Cobdon Club, and was only calculated to oxcito tho coutemnt ot t.hn people it was intended to placate. On ono occasion, in Bourke, (says the Dubbo Liberal), ono of tho brothers Morrison left that town for Browarrina, 75 miles, at 6 p.m. for a docti r, and was back at a little aftor ton next morning; aud he only rode three horses during tho joucnoy. At Nyngan they have formed a Carrior's Coopera tive and Forwarding Society, capital £5000. The great Sandhurst millionaire, Goorgo Linsoll, has gouo to SiLverton to spy out tho land. Doos ho want to dio worth £20,000,000 ? The Vagabond was not much struck with tho un veiling of tho Queen's statue. lord Carrinstou's speech was coldly rocoivod and Sir Honry Parkes quoted nome 50 year old.pootry. The Vagabond Bays: '? Ho is not much cheered oither. Then Lady Cur rinston'uhtioi'a ribbon. Somo ono pulls tho halyards and tho royal standard ruus up to tho flagstaff above, aud the statue of the Queen stands iu Oronze dignity for nil to tee. Victoria is depicted in royal robes with tho star and ribbon of tho Garter, tho Imporial crown on bbr head, orb in left hand, sceptro ? pointing down in right, iu much tho same attitude as Miss Dargou, when iu Queen Mury sho says, ' I um Harry's daugh tor and England's quoon.' The likeness is agood ono. Her Majesty looks diguified, not to say slightly sulky. A mixture of uoiaes follows. Tho band strikes up, God savo tho Queen, school children all follow, their young sweet voices being the ouegoodthiDg in tho show. Somewhere in tho distance a salvo of artillery is fired, uud tho vico-royulties takes to thoir carriuges again, and evoryouo goes away with tho fooling that this has been tho weakest possible thing iu the way of introduction to tue Centennial celebrations.' lit thero is ouo portion of tho ostimatos that re quires overhauling moro than another, it is (says tho Star) that which, comes under the head of pensions Sir Alfred Stephen heads tho list with Kn nnnnal po,,-|ipn of £1820, and ns ho retired in 1873, ho has drawn tho enormous sum of £25,480 for doing nothing whatever. Possibly ho may havo served tho sountr? woll, but it should bo remomborod that tho country paid him well for doing so. The late Auditor-Gonornl 'Mr F. L. S. Merewether, pockets £000 n yoar, tho poet Halloran's loyalty U kept nice and warm with £800 a yoar, Gothor K.Mann, late Engineer in-Chief at Cockatoo Island, draws £536. a your; W. O. Mayno lato Auditor-Genoral's Department, has £540 a year] and soon to the oad uf thochaptor. Afow days ago this noble band of patriot pensioners recoived an im portant addition by the ontry into its ranks of Judge Manning, who retired on tbo modest allowance of £2620 per annum, or JEUO 10s a woek. As a judgo ho received £26.00 u pear; nnd his proper pension at that rate was £1820; but by somo mysterious moans ho wan allowed an additional £800 a' year, simply because he at ouo time held tho oflico of Solicitor-General. Ma Ricii.vbu Kiu&t; Stephens, District Engineer of tho Railway Departinout, was arroated at Goulburn on Saturday morning, charged with boiug of unsound mind. Ho was brought before tbo court tho samo moruingand remanded by tho P.M. to tho Gaol Hospital for a wook. Wednesday morning ho was again before tho co.irt, whon DrMiKillqpgavo evidence to tho effect that ho was fit to bo ut 'large1 and was dis charged. It appears that ho had boon drinking to excess lately, andon Friday hight wont to tho Gonl burn Hospital with only a shirt and trousers on, boing very violent at tho timo. Tho holoaud cornor mannor in which the inquiry was conducted has caused much comment. Instead of boing brought up before tho court nt tho usual timo. tho roportors wore allowed to withdraw and not to know of tho enso, und wero absont whon it was hoard ai. hour later, ho boing seut to the Gaol Hospital for a week, bnt it waB thought fit that ho should bo roloasod after throe days' incar ceration. Had it beon some poor unfortunate, ho would have had to seo the woek out. A nuuon was currout nmongst bnsinoss peoplo in Sydnoy ou Monday that tho Privv Council bad fnnnd in favor of the jumpors in the colobrated Mount Mor gan mining caso. No uuthoritativo telegram has yot beon recoivod. '? Ax Hotel on' tho newest principles is to bo built in Caatlerengh-stroet, Syduoy. About timo 1 SiuBhvan O'LouaiiLEN has been olectod unopposed for Belfwt (V.). Thin is tho olovonth olectfon Sir Bryan got in without a contest.' Mb H. J. O. Teury will hold a Bale of horses, &c; , at Tattordall's yards, Hillston, on tho 18th Fobrnary — see advt. . Firewood ought to be cheap and good in Hay, aj Mr White has started supplying the town with tho steamor Rivorina, a notice of which appears oho whoro. , . The Government analyst only finds the faintest tr\CB5 of fusel oil in English alo. The bush firos which havo beon raging at Wopgu for sovoral days havo at length boon got under. Tho losses sustained by somo s6ttlors have been simply onornious, and a rough calculation givos the amount of grass destroyed asat loast 100,000 acres.. -Among tho principal sufferers wore Messrs G. Bardwell, M. M'Oarthy, Gilmor,., R. Tuffe, F, C. Hydo, T. Galvin, J. Bolgor, W. Churchill, T. Claxton.G. Rogers, Loitch, (r. Burcham, T. Johnsou, Bon, and junr., W. Simple, Several of thoao Io3t a largo quantity of fencing, and the MossrsBloumfiold, in addition, had 300 sheop destroyed. On Wednesday a moseugo wnB recoived that Hon. \V. Halliday, M.L.O., of Brookong had lost 0000 wothors, and a conBidorablo aroa of grass and fencing. A farnior at Cootamundra aavod his property by ploughing a strip of land 3 miloa long. ... We talk of tho heat in . Hay, but tho Barrior is ovidoutly tho truo Hudos. Tho day tho Brokon Hill Tramway was oponcd four of tho school childron who wore singini; God Savo tho Quoon woro aunstruck; ono of thorn died. Tho heat rouchod 112°. Last yoar tho thermometer wont up to 123 ?! The Matron of tho Husp-tal acknowledges with thanks illustrated papers sent evory wook by Mr W. T. HiliBja caso of papers from Mr Baillie; illustrated papers from Mr II, Lovy. At St. Puul's Church on Sunday tho Incumbent, tho Rov. J. Macarthur dolivorod a tormon for tho occasion, and dwelt on tho past nnd tho futuro of Australia. Thoro was also morning somco on tho 20th. Tub usual sorvicoa will bo hold on Sunday, in tho Wesloynn Church, morning and ovening (D.V.) On Monday evening a Blue Ribbon mooting will toko placo. 6t, ViiiaiLios. — Thoro will bo no early mass at St. Virgilius on Sunday uoxt. Tho usual mass will bo hold at 11. Church op Enqmnd, Hav. — Divino forvico noxt Sunday at tho usual hours. PnusnvTBHiAN Cnvitoii. — Tho Rev John Macintosh M.A., will preach in tho Hay Church on Sabbath, tho 20th inst., morning and evening (o v.) . Pkesbytehian Church.— Tho Rov. John Mclntosh, M.A., will preach at Guubaron tho first Sabbath, the 5th Fobruury, instead of tho 12lh (D.V.) The RovJ John M'lntosh, M.A., Hay, has boon gazettod for marriages, &c.; His present addross is Oraon street. Baknuu, in addressing a number of business mon nt Bridgeport, tho other day, said :? 'You ought to use printors' ink ovory day. You uro usloep, and want your business to run itself. Standing advertisements command confidence, Tho man who for a yoar or two lives in the ouo community and lives a reputable life, ovon though ho bo of moderate ability, will prow in tho confidonoo aud esteem of his follows. On tho Bumn principle a nonspapor adverlisomont bocemoo fumili.ir to tho reader. It may seldom lio rend. Still it makes tho nnrae nnd business of tho man familiar, and, constantly appearing in the columns of a paper, inspires confidence in tho stability of the enterprise 