FLEUR DÉ-LIS. (COXCUJDED.) " Shs most bs searched. Who knows bat she may have a rope for the yoong jackanapes to hang himself withal?'' cried one. " And thus rob na of the pleasure," said another. Bat Clemence stood bravely under their glances. Her face lit with i great parpase ; eventhose rough men seemed to feel the purity cf it. Finding she had neither rope, pistol, nor poison about her, they roted it could be no harm for her to see her ami, aa they decided their prisoner to be. So the concierge tock a candle, and mounted before her to the top of the house. He took a key with him, and opened one ot the rooms. " Can't afford light to prisoners of state," j he said, aa Clemence peered into the dark- ness ; " but, for the sake of doing things pro- per, I don't mind lending yon the candle for your visit." At first, Clemence was eo overcome with joy at her success, that ahe could not speak. She heard the key turned in the door again, and the sound of heavy footsteps along the corridor. They were locked in. Eogene looked at her in speechless sur- prise. ;' Ob, poor little Fleur-de-Lia 1" he said, " why have you ventured into this den of wild beasts?" " The God of Daniel wül,protect me," she answered, Broiling, and looking about the narrow room. There was one small barred window in it. " They searched me for wea- pons or poisons," she said ; " but they cid not find thia," and she brought out a small Baw. " With this you can escape." Eugene grasped it with a half-smothered exclamation of delight. "You have saved me, Clémence,"' he cried. "I have been Bitting here for the last hour, aa it were, face to face with death. A sort oj mock trial, that wretch, Favrer, constituting himself judge. My first crime is that I am an aristocrat." " Bat I thought you were a poor man," Clemence faltered. " Yes, poor enough, petite, yet the Marquis de Liuney, in spite of that-a marquis with- out land or honors, so I seldom speak Of thc empty title." Clemence felt her heart di9 within ber. A plain Monsieur ce Laaney, this man har appeared so high above her that her love hac seemed " tbe desire of the moth for the star.' Kow, ah 1 the knowledge of his noble birtl came like a cold frost ever all the warm hope, which ahe had unconsciously allowed ti spring in ber heart. Bat the next words stabbed her more cruel! than this knowledge. " Yes," Eugene went on, " I was sittin here picturing the last hour ; thia ignobl death-shot aa a spy by these drunken raf j cal3, and in a few days juatica may be estai Í liähed, and right rule in France. Shot like dog, I, who had hoped such great things. Ol Clemence, I owe my life to you. 1 had not f riead here who would have risked his nee for me. Every man fears for himself, an these are each strange and awful time There is only one other in the world*, think, who could brave all as you ha1 done." . . " And abe," gasped Clemence. I " Sba is fer away. Some time in the hap j pier fatare ehe wilJ fhsnk yoo for this, jv/s'i* j ?ienr-de lits. &hc; ia the woman whs ie to be i my wife/ j Ciemeneeleii as if soma onehtffiireck her j an inward blow and her heart was bleeding. ! Tbis,.tben. was the woman with the bright, j laughing face and brow;> carte. She lsoked j like one made for summer hours of dalliance, not for storm, and despair, and sorrow ; the i kind of woman for a ballroom or a summer j fete, not for the bedside of death, or the j hours of life's keenest agony. But Eugene j loved her; and of course be àe£eâ .ker accord- ingly. There was one hard wooden stool in the * room, and Clemence sank upon it, white aa a broken lily. That moment she had lived her life. The days when she had hoped anything, when ehe had enjoyed anything, seemed far away ; she groped after them in the remote past, and then buried them forever. Their ghosts might haunt her in the future, but she could never hope or enjoy again. Bat Eggese saw nothing,' suspected noth- ing. He felt duly grateful to the dear little creature who had risked ber ute for him; hut he read nothing that was in her heart. Preoccupied with his dreams of fame, he did not read her aweet dream of love. She sat süentiy a moment ; the blow bad paralysed her, but she gathered ker strength at last, and battled with the pain. Eugene must not know ; he moat never know. " Lose no time," she whispered ; " begin your work; they are BO noisy below. By midnight they will be quite insensible ; but they may have another guard." " I can remove a bar in a couple of hours," Eugene exclaimed, " and in the darkness I can escape ; no gaslight to-night to betray me." ?And I had better go now," Clemence murmured. " Oh, you dear little girl !" Eugene cried, taking her two hands and pressing them to his lips, not noting the vivid ecarlet flush which spread over her face. ' " I am afraid you will bring yourself into trouble by this. Keep cloae ; let yourself be seen as little as possible, or they will visit my et cape on your head. I shall never be happy till you are safe ; I shall never forgive myself if evil befall you." " Do not think of me. Hark ! I hear the concierge coming back. Oh, be careful ; do not look so happy." And Eogene assumed his sullen, despairing attitude as the concierge opened the door, seized the' candle, and gave a hasty look around. " Time enough for love-making," he mut- tered. "Needn't trouble yourself to come again, mademoiselle, because he's going to be shot to-morrow-a bas with all spies, I say. Viva la Commune-viva la République !" And he showed Clemence into the streets politely enough. How dark they looked now! like an unfathomable gulf of blackness. Clemence almost wished it were, indeed, a gulf, into which ehe might plunge,- and lose forever the barden of life. Then Bhe thanked God that He had given her the ehanee to save her friend-even to save him for that happy being whose fate it would be to walk life's ways at his aide. She longed to wait, that she might be sure of his escape, but feared that might in some j way lead to suspicion. She leaned a moment i over the dark waters of the Seine, thinking Í how peaceful the waves looked, and yet what ! dark tragedies they hid. Once beneath, how ? goon tba eui3 ai ma weaii embrace her ; like a dream all her cares would vanish ; death would lay his hand on the aching heart and still ita pain forever. j Bat something held her back from flinging the life that God had given at His feet. A thought of Christ and His patience came over j her. She walked fleetly along, with a vague idea of making her whole life, a crucifixion of self, only she was too worn and weary now the wound was too fresh. After a day or two she would go forth to her life's work-to nurse the sick and comfort the suffering and the very purpose sent a ray of comfort to her eoul. She groped her way through the dark pas- sages to her little den. She had eaten noth- ing all day, and a deathly faintness came over ber. She had one candle left, and when she had lighted it, she saw that some missile had crashed through the little window, and shiv- ered the panes of glass to atoms, and the poi of fleur-de-lis had fallen into tile courtyard below. Poor Clemence ! She had not wept before, j but the tsars came now. Her last memento of that happiest time in her life had been snatched away. Like herself, the fleur-de-lis had been dashed to the ground. Clemence traced a whimsical resemblance in their fates, but wept over the flower as shs had not done over herself. The next day passed in a sort of tired stupor, from which she made no attempt to rouse herself ; but toward night an unusual excitement Beetled to arise in the streeets. Clemence began to fear her loneliness. It waa so hard to have no human being to speak to -no one to Bay an encouraging word to her. Oh, how the child hungered and thirsted for j love ! She was like a clinging vine suddenly torn away from its support. " I cannot bear thia longer," she said, as the shouta and frantic cries, and noiae of marching troops and cannon shook the house. "Even old Mother Brie will be better than no one. She cän, at least, tell me what it is all about. Ob, I pray Eogene is safe 1" So Clemence wrapped herself in her shawl, and etole. out.ia the dark streets toward the honse of the old washerwoman. She found Mother Brie dressed fer the pro ménade in a clean whire cap and apron, and quise excited with a rather pleasurable excite- ment at the premise of a night of terror. " Oh, I came to stay with you," Clemence cried, in dismay. " So yon shall, dear," cheerily replied the woman. *'I only want to have a look at the famous barricade by the Madeleine. Mon Dieu ! how a Frenchman does enjoy a barri- cade ! I swear, they might have beaten tbs Prussians if they could only have torn up ¡ some city pavements and made a genuine bar- ! ricade. My man is in the hottest of it." " Bat what has happened 7" Clemence asked. " Don't you know, little mouse ? The Ver- sailles gentry have won the day, and ara marching in at one of the gates. Bat our people will give them a warm welcome-ay, and light some beacon Area which they wUl remember;" and the old woman chuckled and laughed. " B*jt what are you g<*ing to do with ths kerosene !" Clemence cried, in surprise, see-1 lng old Mother Brie patting a can under her ¡ shawl. "Light the joy-fires, you know," Mother Brie replied, laughing again. ' " Come, you shall see." And Clemence, fearing to be left alone, clung to her Etranze companion, and they went out together. What a scene it was ! The streets torn up, and frantic men everywhere working as if for life and death. In some j piases, even the women were at work, crea- J tares with fariou3 faces, and eye3 cruel ae j death. \ Once, Clemence stumbled over a dead body j -a man lying stiff and etark across the ? public way ; and no one paused to raise him | up. j Ah, Paria was dark no mere. Hare and j there suddenly leaped up columns of light till J the very skies grew lurid, and wild creatures j danced like demons around the flamea. They j seemedjntcxicated with joy as they saw the | proudest monuments of their city wreathed j inflame. j Mother Brie had vanished, and Clemence ] ?tood trembling and alone. She guessed the j truth now-these were the joy-firea to' wei eorao tho Ytraⅈîfcs troops. "Harra! ib-ja ¿ & se-jr i-ht. The em- peror himself scves E&TC; as Euîh eosily fire- works. That ÍH the Tuileries. We will ? canonize the person who did that. Ii tho Oscmiine had won eaintship r,z-¿& ba?e been cheap. . "«s rcclá have kiilei sil the prieota, and made sain ta for ouraelvae. Ha ! ha ! down with the Tuileries j Clear oat the filthy nest where kings and emperors rioted. Tiri la Commune !" Clemence heard these last worda with a CTÎÎ 'badder. Eíi= «sogifetá «h- óranken ' concierge in tbs speaker. He was stfli drunk'.. Perhaps that was hi3 normal condition. Clemence tried to move aw&7, but the crowd waa too dense. She was, instead, pushed' nearer. Then arose a hoarse murmur- / " The Yersaillaiae approach." The wretch turned', recognised her, and seized her by the hand with a horrible oath. ,; Traitreaa 1" hehiased, " have I met thee ? I who waa cajoled by thy sweet words ! Ah, who so ely and_ innocent-gciug np to let oui my prisoner! Nay, youwillnotescapemerfow. I had like to have kicked the bucket myself for thy trick, only they wanted good men and true to receive these scélérate, and could not spare Favreur ! See ! fellow-citizens, here ehe is, the traitreaa-a spy who helped a state prisoner to escape, and thereby delivered us over to the enemy. What is to be done to her?" . - "Boiling water 1" hissed out a wrinkled beldame near. - . ' " Spies must be shot!" growled a hard-fea- tured man, looking without compassion on the ' white face of the young girl, aa Favreur dragged her along. " You Bee, mademoiselle, out of the mouth of two or three witnesses you are condemned. Commend your soul to God or the Virgin, or whatever you believe in, and make short work of it." Clemence saw there was'no hope. They were fighting furiously at the barricades. No one knew, no one cared what what became of - one poor girl, denounced as. a spy. Only three dayä before, death had seemed sweet to her ; but, oh ! a death like this ! "He will never know how I died for him," she said, as she breathed a prayer. " But I know it, and so does God," ehe thought, and a Bweet peace came into her heart and brooded o^er her face. "I meant to give my life for others, and He has finished the sacrifice and accepted it already. He aces that all ii finished for me here ; now the amen ia to be said." oThe mau waa fumbling about, for hie piatol. . , . " Death to all spies !" he shouted, hoarsely, and a quick report followed-then another. The concierge fell heavily; but Eugen* stepped over the prostrate figure io raisa the ' young girl. The pale face, with the peace of - God shining upon it, was transfigured into tb... face of an angel. The falling golden hair wa- - like a halo. "Dead! Oh,God!" he cried, lifting her > tenderly, and bearing her ont of'the crowd. " " Oh, why was I too late 1" He understood all then-the high heroism, the self-abnegation of the young girl, and he read her secret. ' " She loved me, and aha has'died for inf,'.' he murmured, solemnly, aa he bore the sacred : burden away to the little room. " Greater love hath no man than this-that one should die for one's friends." And ha questioned much in th3 secret recesaaa of Li« coed's inner temple whether hia bright-faced, laugh-,, ing beauty could have given her life for him. A slight shaft, with a broken"flaur-de-lii wrought in marble, marks the grave of Cle- mence in the Pere la Chaise,-and fresh wreaths of immortelles crowned it on All j Saints' Day. God keep her memory green ! < Mr. Laurence Hutton wiltea wilh a - heavy stroke,leaving considerable superfluous ink on the page. At one time, when he waa . going over some manuscript at a friend's house, and dropping the sheets on the floor . ' as he finished them, the friend's little girl I came into the room. "Take care, Hope," . ' said the lady, " don't atep into Mr. Hutton's j manuscripts, or yon will wet your feet." A rich speculator in Paris.of " shady" re- putation, being very anxious to possess somo. decoration, boldly asked the Emperor Dom Pedro to bestow one upon him, aa he/had al- v ready done to M. de Lesseps ' and others. "No,"eaid the old monarch, " I can't do it. People would think me a foci. Well, I could stand that. "Bat they would also think yon a knave, and I can not have any person o\ Buoh reputation in my order." The story goes that a Gallican bishop was dining a good many years ago at Boru with a great - prince of the church, - who in- quired about the situation of his diocese " I am bishop.of Angoulême," said the French- man; "Bishop of the Department of tb Charante," he,added, seeing that the Ultra- montane eminence, whose strong point waa not .modern geography, made no sign. ' Ai last a bright thought struck him. "lam bishop of Cognac," said he. " Ah, Cognac 1 Cognaol Cognac!" cried all. tha guests in chorus, '' that's something like a bishopric 1" A gentleman the other day laid a wager that ne would get an autograph out of Lord' Tennyson, who ia remarkably oloaa in the distribution ot hia sign- manual. The gentle- man in question sat down and wrote a polite note asking the noble lord which, in his opin- ion, was the best dictionary of the English language-Webster's or Ogilvie's? That will fetch him, thought the man who eet the trap. Did it ? By the next post came a half ehset of note paper, on which waa carefully " pasted the word "Ogilvie,"' cut out of the correspondent's own letter. General William F. Bartlett waa jmong the captured at Petersburg. Earlier m the war ho had lost a leg. whian ha replaced with a patent cork leg. While he was standing in thc crater, a shot wa3 heard to strike with the peculiar thud known to those who have been in actioD, anti the general was seen to totter and fal!. A number of officers, and mea immediately lifted him, when he cried out, "Put me any place where I can sit dowD." " Bat yon are wounded general, aren't you?" we-s the inquiry. "Myleg ia shattered to pieces," said he. " Then you can't sit up," they urged, " you'll have to lie down." ;* Oh, no !" exclaimed the general, "it's only my cork kg that's ehattered !"* 'Tis all men's ofïïos to speak patience to those that wring ucdrr the load of sorrow; but no man's virtue nor EuflioieEcy to be so moral when he shall endure the like himself. There is some help for all the defects ot fortune ; for if a man cannot attain to/ the lengthen his wishes, he may have his remedy by cutting them shorter. The doubts oían honsst man contain mora moral trata than the profession ot faith of people under a worldy yoke. Merriment is alwaya the effect of a and-1 den impression. The jest which ia expected ia already destroyed. Falsehood and fried shoot up in every soil, the product of all climes. , "What il is our duty to do wc must do ba ¡ cause it ia right, not because any one'ean da ! maud it of us. ' - ??? -¡ I Health is wealth, although, the latter [ often destroyes tba former,. ' LPT - 