, Meadow Sweet., In Slimmerfields'the meadow sweet Spreads its white bloom around the feet •)f lli'Ki: who piss in,lore or play . • y ■< fiie imMfn Injurs "Mmliday, ■'' ' ' ' ■ - ' • \iiil lit art lo answering heart can beat Vlicre grows tlic simple , meadow sweet. 1'Vnibnsnthed in some cool retreat flic lung seed, grasses bcml. to meet I'lie stream tliat'murmurs as itflowa >imisiif'forget me not and rose; The filmy bazc of noon tide heat Is faint with scenes of meadow sweet. Ah, lore I do you know meadow sweet f Dues some pale ghost of passion fleet Vduwn this dreary lapse of years, Sii void of lore, so full of fear6? Nunc ancient, far off echo greet' l'litf once lured name of meadow sweet 1 An Ingenious Swindle.—A swindle recently detected is conducted as follows: A che'ine,*say for ten guineas, is obtained from a depositor at a bank, and a blank cheque "xctly like the filled-in cheque is secured. Tlie two cheques are laid one upon the other io that the. edges are exactly even. Both, cheques are .then torn irregularly across, and in such a way that the signature on the filled cheque appsars on one piece arid the amount •ind name'of the payee on the other. The ( -cheques having been held together while Ving torn, of course one piece of the blank eheqite will exactly fit the other piece of the filled cheque. The swindler then fills in one piece of the blank cheque with the name of the payee and the amount to suit himself, say one thousand pounds, tnkes it with the piece of genuine cheque containing the sig nature of the bank, and explains that the elicque was accidentally torn. The teller can put the pieces together, and as they fit exactly, the chances arc that l>6 will think the pieces are parts of the same cheque, and become a victim to the swindle. The trick, of course, suggests its own remedy. The teller should refuse to pay any cheque that is mutilated. Holi.owax'8 PjtLa.—Indigestion and Lifer Complaint;,—The I'igestinn cannot bo long or seriously disordered without the derangement being perceptible on the counte nance. These Pills prevent both unpleisant consequences; they improve the appetite and with the increase of desire for food, they augment the powers of digesting and assimi lation in the stomach. Holloway'e Piils deal most satisfactorily with deranged or diseased condition! of the many organs engaged in extraction nourishment for our bodies from our various diets—as the liver, stomach and bowels, over all of which they exercise the most military control, 