A REMARKABLE CHARACTER. The lato Mr. Aufcer George Jones, one of the members in the last Parliament for the Murrum bidgee, whose death was announced last week, was in many respects a very remarkable character. During a fairly long and sufficiently varied colonial experience the present writer can recall no friend or acquaintance so thoroughly original, so absolutely sui generis, aa this quick- witted, vivacious, eo^l, fiery, cautious, generous, hard headed, soft-hearted, extraordinary man. To si;iy that he was simply the mass of contradictions these several qualities would imply would be to give of him an altogether imperfect idea. In him they were not contradictions, any more than the opposite qualities of narcotie and stimulant in aljohol are contradictions in it : or at any rate they never seemed so, because you always felt that he might do anything — build -* church, or burn one ; give a poor beggar a cheq tie or a good dinner or tell him to tro to the deuce ; run a bank or start a newspaper (which last he did) — and felt also that whatever he did it would be, probably as no other uma in the world would do it, and certainly with, ali heart and sf-ul. Im petuous, irrepressible energy was, perhaps, his must marked characteristic in his b*-st days, and it was just as marked whether he was pUy ing the flufce, or a game of billiards, or a bank manager ; driving a bargain in a stock-yard, or a pair of half-broken buggy-horses over the broad plains of the Murrumbidgee. Of his skill and extraordinary feats in this latter line the tale used to be endless, but not raor.; so than of his equally extraordinary exploits in the other — his wonder ful ' deals' in stock or stations, and the marvel lous manner in which muddle and misfortune in other people's hands turned instantly to success and handsome pro£tin his. Innumerable in those days, as of any patriareh of old, were his flocks and hercb. If he cannot be said to have had cattle on a thousand hills or sheep in a thousand paddocks, he certainly had them on every travelling ro^d in the country, (often where there was none), and innumerable also were the tribe of commission agents who vied iu miuistering to his insatiable appetite in this line, as ho many j ickala to the king of beasts. King, indeed, he was for years in the Murrumbidgee district and far bevond in the stock and station line ; and never certainly was monarch more se.dul -usly served by obsequious courtiers than he was by the stock and station agents. At ihat time most of the large Sydney and Mel bourne firms of this kind had branches in Wagga, then a great stock depot, and very rough times tome or' the local managers had with tbe auto a-at of the stock market and the bank parlour, who could maire or mar a man's fortune almost with a stroke of his pen, at headquarters. Many men's fortunes he did nn,ke, and many more he might have made if they would have let him, for he was always ready to give ser vice for service and to help those able and willing to help not only him but themselves ; but for shams, ' counterfeits ' he used to call them, in rn-tn or beast he had no considetation or mercy whatever, but if a horse straightway sold and it' a man straightway sacked him, the only difference, probably, being in the respective characters given with the discharged. It waa about in the zenith of those good days that it bethought him to give the town and dis trict for which he had already done so much a newspaper worthy of their fact-growing importance and the fame already achieved — perhaps, we should say, thrust upon it—by Wtigga Wagga. If there were other reasons, we need not mind them here, for such ajinrn^l ao Mr. A. G. Joneo aspired to establish would justify any reasons. Most country papers have to be content with very small beginnings, very humble first appointments. This one, the Wagfja Wagga Advertiser, began in Novem ber 1868, as well appointed, comparatively, in all es-entitils of a first class journal as any metro politan paper of to-day, and its principles were as liberal in one sense as its appointments in another. The proprietor though a Profe-tint (he was educated for the Church of England, but n ver ordained) had a broad liberality ia reli gious as in other matters with which he. allowed nothing to interfere, of which we may give one instance. It was a time, it will be remembered. iu this colony of considerable Orange activity. The tragedy of Clontasf was still fresh in men's minds ; the Kama Ghost etiil walked, or had only lately been l.tid, or ratotr burst up, and in every direction opportunity was being tak-^n for the erection, as they were called, of new ' forts of loyalty,' otherwise Orange Lodges. The paper had only just been established v\henit was an nounced that one of these Lodges had been erected at Yass, and that the next move of the Orangemen would be on Wagga, hitherto a fairly peaceful, undivided community. Curiously enough at the same time there wa3 an ugly rumour abroad of the fell disease of ' scab' being carried through the country by travel ling flocks, and the editor of the new paper, adopt ing the idiom of the district, took occasion to warn this particular 'scabby flock' against trespassing within the hitherto 'clean district' of the Mur rumbidgee. It was also, it will be remembered, the early days of free selection, and a considerable colony of sturdy selectors, mostly North of Ire land men, M'lntyres, M'Ni. kles, Mulhollands, etc., had taken up the feitile flats on the north side of the river wi&ha; view to that 'settlement' which to so many of them came afterwards in the wroug way. These men were supporters of the new paper, started largely in their interest, to a iuau, but they w^rj also Oivtng'rixien to a man, and over the Wagga bridge they rodf« in a body one tin'} morning to the Advertiser office, demanding the withdrawal of the iusolcu-. article and the instant dismiss*! of the writer, who, they declared, must be a Fenian iu disguise, under the usual penalty in such cases— atuppiu^ their p*pe-r. But thu new newspaper proprietor was equal to the occasion. ' Uih editor,' he 1 old then), ' to whom he had entirely entrusted the conduct of his piper, was a journalist from Sydney in whom he had perfect confidence, and moreover, in this matter he thoroughly agreed with him. If they had anythingto complain of they had better see that gentleman himself, but,' with a characteristic touch of humour, ?' he might tell them that these editors were terrible fellows 5 that this one in particular always had a co«ple of revolyers in his drawer, with a carving-knife handy as a paper-cutter, and in any case, before storming his sanctum, had they not butter try a little whisky ?' The whisky was tried, bat the sanctum was not stormed, and except in a few cases the piper was not stopped, nor. it is fair to add, the Grange Lodge either. For sirne timw Mr Jun^is was a freiq'ient contributor to the columns of his own piper, and as a terse, vivid, incisive, pometimes even wirty writer, might ha,vn held his own in those' of any. He had indeed a considerable fund of that last oft^n dangerous quality in its most dangerous form always at his service. The most absolutely humorous letter, we almost think, we ever read iu cir life out of a book was one from htui to a friend in Sydney describing a journey from there to Wagga with a new editor for his paper, and but that that gentleman is still with us, and the letter unfortun itely nob, we should be glad, a3 a spUndid specimen of wildest, wittiest, in more than one sense most furious fun, to give it here. The Wagga Advertiser was unquestionably a journal istic success, though neceswarily, from its lavish expense, not a financial one, and though it has long since changed hands, is still in every respect one of the most creditable of our country papers. It was at ibis time, when in full possession oi: his wonderful faculties of both, mind and body, that Mr. Jones — '' A. G.' as he was familiarly known — should have made his essay in Parlia mentary life ; not long after, when with broken health an 1 changed fortunes, each doubtless to some extent a consequence of the other, he was but a shadow of his former self. That his quick wit, his wide knowledge of the country generally and of all land matters in particular, his keen sense of chtf.racfcer, and ready power of strong, sharp, always forcible, sometimes almost eloquent tpeech would have made their mark in the Houae cannot be doubted. At the least his friends expected he won Id be a frequent speaker and a very plain one when plain-speakiog was most wanted. He was, with one exception, we b-lieve, a ' silent member,' but as a local representative he did his duty well to his consti tuents, and would have done it brtter both to them and to hiiiis* It' if they had sent him to do in sooner. As it was, his election on the second time of asking was a late and poor re turn for all that for yeai\3 he had been doiag for them. His munificence to tbe seveial public institutions of Wagga and district — Hospital, School of Arts, Pastoral Association, &j.; — was as wt 11 known as his name ; his charity in every goud cauwe was unbounded, while Catuolics have & special reason for respect ing hia memory, in fcuat they were indebted largely to his lib u'ality tor the beautiful Convent of the ISacred tL;urc, which is one of the glories of the pldce. But, it' be was not what is kno-vn ad a success in Pa liamenG (and a good many objec tionable enough things and people seem to be known under that name), it is not there that we are to look for those who h&ve; aoae the nnsb for and deserved the best of their country. Ifc was noc ia Parliament that T. S. Mart rendered thuHrs immeasurable services which have made his name bo well re tnembi red, and if as some distance, } et m the same list — far higher than any Parliamentary — of great practical public benefactor*, should be and, we trust, will be ranked that ot the late A. G. Jones. 