OHAPTER XXII. ,TIH? DEAD ALIVE. 'The oddest tlhing, Lady Tresham, thatonocan woell imagine, to marry and run off in that barbario?ns fashion ; but whatever: did Lenore Trovethon do that noasln't odd ? The maddest madeap out aide of Ltodlam, as I've often asserted. No, indeed, 'tis lust about what we might have looked for. Lady Halstond sat in the morning boudoir of her bo?om friend, Lady Laura Treshamn . The hour was jlst after noon, slid before Ili two plulnp, well-attired titled ladies was spro:.d a asitnil table, till a-glitter with silver, and fragrant with the odor of chocolato and broiled par. tridgeo. Lady Tresham put down her tiny china cip, with a little sigh. ."Well, f'io truly thankful the marriage is well over, and till the talk at an end. Of course AMiss Trovethon mloant to marly her cousin; it would have been insanity to think of rofusinlg, and the groat Trovethon fortuno at stake, as I've told Harry a dozeon tines; but poor, dear follow, he would have it that Niss Trovethon would never marry liher cousin; and between us, my dear Lady Halastead, lie would have taken her, penniless and disinhoerited, ansd all the shanmo of that old mystery with her, and thought him. self fortuttato to get her, so great was his infatuation." "That was the way witih all of them," replied Lady -lhals(ted, tapping her jewelled alluf'-lox. "Every loan alto met fell in love with her, anld shealto cared for nono of tllemt. A pretty, heartless coquetto was Lenore Trevethon. Yes, 'Pm glad shalto's marrind, and hoter fortune secured to her, for, despite her follies, I was fond of the girl. And, heaonvens I the worry I've had with her-no wild colt was. over harder to mannage. And after all mny careo ad trouble, that she should run off and marry in that fashion, aind never eveo lot me know. The utngrato ful creature ?" " And when does site return ?" " Heaven knows; Sir Geoffrey tells me they tnay remain abroad foryoars. It is Lenoro's wish, as her health is quite poer, and Enlgland doesn'tagree with her. lo.sn.?s she auddenly took.the notion to be lmarried, anld lie lot her have her way, as hoe IIal s has done." " Anid lliclllond the baronot's son, will he tsakeo a devoted husband ?" "Oh, I dare say he will. If he contra. diets or thwatrts her, she'll box his ears, as alio boxes her woman Olotildo's. Sheo hals thie tempoer of a tormligaint." Lady Trrsham laughed and sighed in the sane breath. " Poor Ilarry I tlo was so foolishly in love with her '. "Alh, well, he'll got over it, now sho's mlarried. Nothing like that to kill a grand passion. He'll seon turn his thoughts to Edith larlowe again, who is a saperb girl, though not quite so pretty as Lenora." " Yes, and Sir Geoffrey Trovethon is to be one of their party. Ioe is sottling utp Iis asllkirs for al indefinite tour; anl I'veo heard it hinted, Lady Tresham, that lie has thoughts of Edith." "\VWhat? Sir Geoffrey? Why, he's twice her age." "No matter; lie's a wealthy, titled gentloman, and Edith will thitk twice before selo reluses hinl. I'd advise ypu to "pirsunde Sir Harry tint to waste time." 'Doter nme what would lie the uso I. lie elres for no woman alive but Lenors Troevthon, a4tl I lhaven' the Icant hlol that he'll by brought to thilnk evems of Edith. But her lie cameos to speak for himself. My dear Sir Iharry---" And shite stopped siort, lher words frozoe on her lips at sight of the young nanll's face. Lady Trosham started to liar feet with a gasping cry, " Why, Harry, my aso, what has hap ponedil Are you ill I" Ho tried to speak, but his bloodless lips gave forth no sound. He only poiated to a paragraphl in the paper which hin sliakinig hatdl heldd. " \Vhat is it l detliaUlled Lady ITal. stoad, adjusting her eye-glass. " VtWhat's Ilhappened I Who's dlead'l" " She's dead," he gilalspedl out lit last, na lie Ihrow tile piapler oin the table ald rusicshed fliii the ap;rltomenit. Lady Itllsteadl eagerly aoized the ll'r. .\ single ghsine anld all the color fadd frou balier olIoek. " Merciful ' i?av-its I" hile cried. "It's Leiisero, ichllionil Trovuthlon's bride. Ste did aii weekl ago it Nlaples." I:enid I , yolngl, tl beautiful, aind the lbriun of i few IIImonthIs, Blelgravia wenlt intio eaclellth and ashes; Sir Geoffrey Trvhohn waits quite utnd with his woe. The'li girl had hoeu to him int Ilia owni child. A week ior two of tears anld InlaieOllt tillns, andl thei the Ludy, aill eimbatlted anld lpresetrvtedl i fraigri'tit spices, rwal cotiveyed i En'gland. Andll friont I li ll, u llt r aee l lianl ,iln, LyIdith hill, alit wais huried, followed by an iitmpsaing ipageanitry, undtler the tloirifdl itiir bllo, ihoneathl which her ni tetois tlo litis. The younilg bridegrooUt, who of coursen clillle hIllllO wilh the liboly, wat utterly overwhelmed with grief, not broken in mind ali , dy that he cul iinot hbear the tight if Iisnglald, anid ilok chipi for fiar Iluntries, only ai dsiy ol r Itwo after the fIn lllrl, leavinllllg h li I father, thel lItr tonut1 to, imalllio Ithi i vt fIsrtouliO which Ilih dlid bride brolught him Tile tilly aftter hI ftiiint' Ial wtree a mino0r uhlo lll, chill with winds and rain. Sir Ilurry h'tihluiti, who hiad gone Ulp toIll I?ydith hallll hIp a tc the hIt of the sieyed back t IIniii n under theI ch er leas, wtapiig skin, . 11l reachedl the foggy old town juist an the dreary twilight elsed if. The yiung ioh i wii tite wltichul epsiits, Ilia tllidi slg, t Lu ti otand by alid oeu lier piot iawny under the cold llSurble, lshut ilt for over from Ithe gay world, hnd turn his heart rtruelly, tnd st the half-healed wounds tot blheding afresh. " If she had hearkened to me salheto might be alive now," he said to himself again and again. ' "She did not love Ricnhmond Trovethon, and the marriage broke her proud heart. If sho could only have loved me well enough to have lot the fortuno go. Poor pretty Lonore." Foeling in no mood for the evening gaieties of his mother's mansion, he turned his steops in the direction of the club-room. Threading a dark street, with the damp wind in his tooth, and his heart torn with hitter memories, a woman's cry for help startled him. He dashed forward, following the di. reootion of the sound, and a few blocks off in the shadow of a projecting roof, he caught sight of a woman struggling in the hands of a tramp. " You villain l" thundered Sir Harry, making a dive at his throat, but the tramp eluded his grasp and fled, leaving his victim panting and faint with terror. Sihe was ai tll, slim woman, in a flowing mantle of black. " I hope, madam, that I was in time to save you from injury ?" The woman turned her white, affrighted face toward him, and put forth a ilender hand. •' I thank you sir," she began, but his cry of amazement out her short. "Ieorciful heavens I" he gasped, catch ing at her arm, "am I in a dream, or do the dead come back 7" "Sir IHarry Tresham I" His name broke from her lips in a tone of startlod regret, and wrenching her arm from his hold she was hurrying away. But ere site had retreated ten paces he caught her again and held her fast. She turned on hit, her blue eyes blazing. " Sir Harry Treshem,, how dare you ? Unhand me this instant." He only held her all the more secnrely. "Miss Trovethou I It is you, and alive I Thank Heaven I" His voice broke almost into sobs, so great was his eiontion. Lenore stood passive, a smile lighting her pale face. "tYes, Sir Harry. I see there is no hope of running away from you," she answered. "lBut what does it mean I" he de manded ; "for Heaven's sake, speak. Miss Trovethon, only yesterday I saw you buried, and to-night I meeoot you here." Her blue eyes flashed with a sort of grim amusement. "Can you not guess, Sir Harry I ant not a ghost, hentce you did not see tme buried yesterday." eIo caught her hand and kissed it in his rapturous delight. "You are alive I there is some mistake. Oh, llies Trevethon, this is the happiest day of my life." Sie laid her slim, soft hand on his arm, Inooking up at him with her grave, plead ing eyes. " Yes, there is a mistake-a great secret, Sir Harry which you have found out, and I am sorry. I meant to keep the truth all to myself, but since we have met, you will keep, of course, the secret at my asking 1" "Assuredly. I think there is nothing you could ask of me that I would deity, Miss Trovethon. But, I beg your par pardon, I do not quite understand." " Let us walk on together, aind I will explain. I am stopping not far off, and behog somewhat of a stranger in Lontdon, I lost my way in the ft, this evening, which accounts for my being out so late. Sir IIarry, I am very grateful to you." lie shook from head to foot with cx citoment and emotion as he gave her his arm. , For what, Mliss Trovethen ? Because you have made me the happiest Imtani in England I Half an hour ago I believed you dead and buried under the dreary marbles at Lyndith Hall, and to mo life was not worth the living. Now, I look upon your living face, and--' The little trembling hand left his arm, the sad eyes filled with tears. " Sir Harry, pray do not speak in that way," sihe implored. " If you do I must run away from you this minute, antd I an so miserable, so utterly alonet, so sorely il need of a friend. Help nme and keep my secret." The rapturous glow faded fromn his eyes, for something in the look of hert told him that the hope he cherished was it vain one. He answered her like the man lihe was. " You shall have no need to rnn away from me, Bliss Trevothon. And now tell me wlhait yoursecret is." "You have surely guessed. I live, and I am not Richard Trevethon's wife." "'lies Trovotlhon I Then there must hlave beoi vile falsehood and treachery. i CUt Sir Geoffrey have perpetrated this great duplicity in order to secure attd hold your fortune 7" Site bowed in assent. " And you have suffered the worlt to believe it ? Miss Trevrthon, I cannot understand." "No matter; you understand enough. 1 wish the world to believe it." Ieo turned upon her in dire atnazo. " You wish the world to believe it; you intend to let this shatmeful plot site coed.. Is that what you mean, Mliss Trevethon I" " l'recisely that, Sir Harry." "And you will lot Sir Gioti'rey Treve. thno lie to the world, and cheat it with a muck funeral, in order to hold your wealth ? You are willing to give up your name alld your birthright, Miss Treve. theio 1" "Yes, I intend to do all that." Hler voice was steady, antd the Iland on his art lay quiet antd pulseless. The young man looked at her in sheer amaneo moet. " Mils Trovothon, what call you lnean." ",Just this, Sir )Harry. I could not boey my father'l Inat command and wish and mnirry Rilmttnd TrdveLthoI, and theurcly secure to hiitt the forttiio whichi shihl e hI in;tai l t ineL they lrhave Il,,nt ed andl plotted thi illttonlleo fratlud, I Ilavue ito wish to exltlle it. I tialn thlat they olhall htve it ill their owi way. 'They ltd the world I)elievo mie ldenad,l ttnd to ihe dileald hlneforthl I' will re. main; i ti (ltn the fotun'itI e will Ie tlheir, tnd itn pat, at, last1 a1y fathter'o wish Wtill lht Vob ttev .'l "'(live uI your naten, Miis 'ITrovothItui -yori' fIorInniI, 'verythingJ' I Ily II earven, it tiall not bal I lefore thit titit to ilrrotlw all Itlondttl thaill rinig with the satry, iIand ir i(Ileui'fry TrovotIIhon hall Ito delt with tcorL'ding Ito hii disertn." 1" Nay, Hir lIiarry ; the scret is tiite, atili at lily ailiillt g ylou will iturelyletCIep it I ( )I, p r a y , d o, n o t d n y o h e11 0 n .I v k i nd . iilto havI elver a ahltdtl of ylou I Illl tile necrel, Sir Illarry, anld e lny f'riiend. "AhIlays y'our friendII llinns Trevetholn," Ile altswtorld, utterly IIunitiIttned by her entreathig minner, " hut thin grils fraud aitd ljuastice should be exposed. " I do not destre it. For my sake, Sir Harry, you will be silent I" "For your sake, Miss Trovothon, I would willingly do oven more than that. But is the world to lose you utterly ?" "The world can siell do without teo." she answered, with a mournful smiilo; It will ocarcoly miss me. I shall leave England in a few days, never to return." Hoe caught her hand and held it close, his eyes burning down upon her. "AMiss Trovethon, it shall be as you say ; I will keeoop your secret. You shall die to the world if you will, but live for me. When you leave England, lot it be as my dear wife. I asked you once he foro, and you denied me. I ask yoll again. Hiave pity on a love, Lenorc, which never swerves, never forgets, whether you live or die. Give up your hIeritage; I have anotlor for you. No linlllish your name and take mine. We will leave England together, and in some far land, with overy wish of your heart fulfilled, you shall learn to love me. lenore, you must love me when once you are mly wife. Have no fears, hesitote nu longer, but lay your doear hand in mino and say it shall he so." Sheo looked at him with briming eyes. "i FIrom y very soul, I wish I could, Sir Harry." "You can, Lonore." "Nay, forgive me, I cannot." " And why I" A sudden crimson stained her white aco; her head drooped, her clear oyes fell. "Miss Trovothon, I am answered," said t11h young man, gravely. "You lorve another." She was silent, burning blushes still mantling heor cheoks. He walked beside her, silent also, until they reached tihe door of the lodging-house. " Alis Trovethon," he said then "you will at least permit mne to bo your friend. Indeed, I think you asked that much of me. Now tell me what I can do If you cannot love me, surely you will allow mo to do some little kindness for you w'" "Yes; you shall keep my secret.' " Is there nothing eho 1'" She hositated, and said with some con fusion : "'horn is hultone thing. Come in -ild I willtoll yot." lur followed her into the phlin attlo sitting.rroom she occupied. "You will thiik moo very childish, very silly, no doubt," she began the moment they were soeted,~ "but I cannot hloll it. I alould have eoun out of E'glatd long ago but for this fooliing or fancy, or whatever it is that possesses moe. Sir IHarry, you remember our summer trip to the Iighlands 1" " Ido, nassuredly." " VWell, while there, the day that you and Sir Ceoli'roy wore doerstlalking, I ran off anld went to the Black Iollow Orange." "i'o the HlauntIcil llimorl" "To the llnauted Manor. I had a mind to ask you to go with me, and I wish I haid done so. I went alone, en tered the old hoIeo alone, and there, Sir Harry, I naiw Ithe Bhot, )Don't laugh at ume, pray, anld don t say that I wias mis taken. I saw it just ia plain as I o00 you this miito." " Ain what Ilnttleor of thing ciwas it, Miss T'I'revothon ?" " An olil maln. I anw his fice clearly ; a line, lile face, with ia long white ioard, just like the Tr'vethon portrnila at Lyn dlith Hallh--" ")id you npeatl to it 1" "Noi; l' oniaihed t tell you what I did. I got fright?nod miil fainted, and afterward ran away', andl I hiove no ibit torly, rigretted ii." "1My dlet:' Mina T'rovctolln, why ? You ourely ld nolll hili vo in the i?i puiI' logIiid that peuIl'e tlho old hoLne with ighsti ? The old imii yiou iaw civiW it lShe shook huer honl with nal, il er nyoc. "Nay, I think oit, tiii face woan i " Well, Inl iliy life long I hiav fnit somenhow utht lthe ci, wcc iln t t ahlI aaor i; land now, Over ien iLI aiw that fcou, oh, Sir I larry, I icant rllll day or night. It hJ nt s, ti e inenaul tly, untlil Iiow I thlnki that it wnl miy' picr fatlho"r'n face, and that he hias beeon shut up icl that old hIouse all those years." " My dour liass Trevethon, that could not hbe." "The notion haunts me all the smeo. I must know; I must solve the mystery, or 1 shall go mad. I have thought to go again, I was to go last week, yesterday, to-day, but somehow my resolution always fails me-the old placo is so deso late and-" She paused, a painful crimson flooding all her droopisng face. 'The young ia regarded her curiously. "You would like me to go in your stead, .fiss ''rovothon, and Investigato this mystery ?" She looked up with eloquent eyes. "Oh, Sir harry, if you would." "I'll start in the next train, and if thero's a mystery in the old house, I'll unravel it. And now, as I've a few hur ried preparations to smake, I must bid you good-evening. On my return I shall find you hero ?" " You will find ino hero. Sir Harry, how shall I thank you 1" " I'll tell you when I got back. Good. bye, Miss Trovethon." He pressed her hand, bowed, and was gose. "Such a noble heart," sighed Lenore, as she watched him down the rainy street; "and I, what a miserable, un womanly fool I am." And sinking down upon a sofa she hid her proud face in her hands and wept in shame and bitterness. (C, be Continued.) She was one of those lofty, approach.me. not girls, born with a silver spoon In her mouth, and indignant to this day It wasn't pure gold. Billy llivon had just been in troduced to her at a lawn fete, and wasdoing his best, in his plain matter.of.fact way, to make himself agreeable. After they had chatted a few minuteson the verandah, Dill concluded that lie would like to know her better, so lie came at the subject thuswise : " I should greatly-I-I should like very much to call on you some evening. Sup. pose I drop around and we go out and take a little walk." " Thanks,"shbe said, stiflly,"I am no pedes. trlan." Billy pondered a little while, and then re mar ed in a quiet way peculiar to himself : "I'd have asked you to go out riding, only I know you wore no jockey." 