f : A Lone Star Bo-Peep. \- — «4. — BY HOWABD SEELY ? Day was jnat breaking on tho Chadbourno Trail. The pale mists, surprised by rosy Aurora, were scampering in hurried dishabille across its wavering outline, tearing their trailing nig-lit-rolics upnn tbo thorny med quites and scattering filmy draperies in its live ouk aisles. A low faint stars, through fleeoy oloud-rifts, still twinkled tearfully, and but n moment ago tho waning muon, that had lunguisbed iu tho western heaven, had lain a pr-le fnco upun th» sloping shoulder of a crreat divide find wearily hunk to rest within ita eombro bosom. Thoro is a dewy freshness in tho irir ; n strong dump, e.irthy odour ; then on tho wings of it gontlo breeze — fragrant forerunnor of morning — tho scent of a thousand wild-flowers, swinging thoir perfumod censers in worship of tho coming sun. Meanwhile, iu t!io shadowy vistas of tho dim. shrubbery, vague, indistinct forms soem moving. They flit to and fro with a skulking und stealthy movement; they seem alert, uneasy, restless — the ghosts of incarnate enufiioion. Suddouly they «ro off in a budy, with a precipitate haste that is ludicrous iu its apparent cowardice. Immediately Hud sharply to tho light comos a quick, stariled sound, like that mndo by a atone shaken violently in some metal vuesel. Tho sounds iuoreato and seem associated with the movomout of some impeded and lumber inir auimal. An oath ! a shot ! The sulphurous suggestion of man and gunpow der .' 'While after a nilenoo more npntrunt from tho recent explosion, during wluuh the rising orb comes proudly up tho horizon, a large pecan motto, now visible, and from 'which the recontdisturbunees have proceeded, resounds with shrieks und bark*, as if all Bedlam were le: lio-o — tho impotent cries of Texan coyotes. Tnoy die away down the wiud. Tho tilenco, now, and tho huulight hold swty. Witiiin tho still, dim precincts of this motto, the skeleton of a denuded cow- pen stretches its em:iuiato length. A cooking stove, lidless, dourlo*3, brokou-logged, btares ?with uncompromising effrontery at the encroaching light. Garments that have survived thtir usefulness, scattered hero and there, like uniforms of tho fnlli-n, lend their additional aid 1o tho general air uf discom fiture. Civilisation seems to havo encoun tered nature and suffered defeat. Thus desolate, unco a remote ' round-up,' has this live-stock Andrrsonville remained. It was left for Mr. Fuyo Howo to revisit its belligerent remindings and speculate upon its analogies. 1 aiu not over- oonfHont that tho gentle man was alive to the.«e. Mr. Howo was sleepy. The languor of disturbed dreams clouded bis otherwise acute perceptions. At tho precise moment that he dawns upon the leader's consciousness, his bearing is unob servant, his attitude uncousidered. The details of his bivouao are in a sense martial, without its vigilance. Enveloped in his gray blanket und with his head iu the hollow of his saddle, he appears lost in tho embraces of the drowsy god. But tho presence of hi* recently discharged revolver, and at a few yards distance the already stiffening carcass of a coyote betray evidences of recently aroused energy. The only object at present gifted with volition, however, scorns hi* belled and hobbled light sorrel— from certain 'cold gravy1 resemblances denominated ' Oecsr Wilde,' Mr. Howe's remote and sarcastic protest against England's then sufficient recent infliction. Mr. Fayo Howe is an American, and does not consider his country or its government a necessarily dangoroua experiment. Ha is as yet soreuoly unaware that ho can derivo any enlighten ment political from tho ' other side.' Mr. Faye Howe is not a snob ; ho in not a toady. Mr. Fayo Howo is, nevertheless, hetween twenty-six and twenty-seven. For the next hour or so, tho neighbouring :' solitude suffers little change. The hampered .mustang with its unmelodious accompaniment pursues the undent uud canine occupation of Nebuchadnezzar with an occasional snort of satisfaction. A peripatetic chuparral-cock, with tho unexplaiuablo weakness of that bird for morning calls, had perched upon a pin nacle of the neighbouiing cow-pen, and turning- his wise head upon one side, sptculiu ed f or some minutes with gratuitous gravity und the air of a puzzlod physician, upon the laziness of his extemporized patient ; and then departed upon his customary rounds. In the meantime, the beams of the long arisen suu shot through the branches of the overhanging p;uans and heated tho blonde head of the sleeper uncomfortably. He turntid uneasily. Later severnl acuto twinges made him oonooious that ho was an obstacle to a caravun of pilgrim nnts, which held their inflexible lino of march across his reaumbonf. bo f. 'Ho rose to a sitting posture ?with significant haste. Still heavy with tho dews of sleep, Mi'. Howo became novorthele.su awaro of a patiering, clicking sound, n ade vy successive uojocia uropping irotn tuo sur rounding air. Staggering to his feet, he instinctively Bought the carcuso of tho dead ooyoto. It was covered with tho already present and constantly arriving hosts of the burrowing beetle. A grim, flapping shadow intruded itself for a second upuu its sun steeped outline. He raised his eyes. A turkey-buzzard with gory crest looked down in ghoul-like sedateness from a limb above. The speedy burial service of southern lati tudes wus already in progress. With a dejection of manner, aggravated, no doubt, by an empty stomach, Howo busied himself in tho preparation- of a primitive repuqfc. Anadjacrnt pool of water, of which tho encircling pecans wero nu infallible index, assisted him m hasty abluUons— somewhat perfunctory under tho circumstances. Ro / . freshed^y theso sketchy efforts, hero-kindled the embers cf bis dyinir fire, cut a forked ? -giiok of tho mosquito, and toasted come strips of jbacon from a piece tied up in a sank behind . his saddle. The odour of too broiling morsels stimulated an appetite already whetted by the balsamic air of tho wilds. With tho aid of a leaf of bread and somo cool water, (lipped from ihn neighbouring pool with the brim of hiR sombrero, ho nccomulisljod a heartv — bacauso hungry — repast. The completion of thismeal, tbo ob«ervant buzzard, now rein forced by several contemplative comrades, awaited with .-. patient, etiquette which his presence enforo d Thin saddling, vi'.h incongruous haste, his satirically entitled steed, this solitary wayfarer sprang into his stirrups, and rode carelessly awav from his sylvan bed-chambar and breukfust- ronm, without oven a oasual survey of what ho left behind him. As Mr. Howo emerged from tho shelter of the peonn mntte andmdo out upon tho plain, a sense of exuberant hoalth inado him bestride Ms muscular horso with a feeling of elation. A short ride brought him to tho line of trail, into which he at once turned, and for a tow moments pursued his way between its mew quite fringes with pre-ocoupied thoughtful ness. Doubtless few of his whilom oompanii ns would hn\fl recognised iu this sun-tunned and centaur-riding wanderer a certain aspirant fm collegiate honors a few years previous. Yet sunh was ho. A 'critical inspection dovelopnd the faot that his garments,' albeit conventional and of the traditional typo, did not sit upon him with tho habitudo of a frontiersman. Acide from their ncwwvs, there w/is a look of intimacy botween them and the limbs of the wearer which at once obtruded itself, and which the faot that garments aro regarded by thn trim nativnris ;i snnnipH of hiti*hlv-ltiperntn( outiolo was eminently calculated to overcome. However, a certain cureless freedom and withal a reoltlessness of mien wero not with out explaining thopret-ont geographical poti- j tion of tho gentleman, and there was an easy adaptability in his genial faco, quito in Iceop ing with hio surroundings. The faint scent of tho wild verbena, mingled with tho more brooding odour of bufMo-clpvor, steeped his senses as ho quickened his horse's pace. Prairio- dogs, -with the impudence of pigmies in their strongholds, barked at him as ho paBiod, or suddonly disappeared in their bur rows with a gurgling murmur of disapproba tion at his invading progress. A crazy ' killdeo,' screaming with tho occasional aim lessness of an itinerant vondor, ran boforo him upon tho right, and with commendable coun terfeiting of helplossness attempted to dei'oy him from her young. A jackass- rabbit, plunging wildly from a neighboring bush, limped painhlly away with its customary mendacity, and then turned and stared at him from under exaggerated ears. In emphatic dorision of it.s hypocrisy, Howo put spurs to the intrepid ' Oscar,' compelling the ihamc less e.ripplo to an exhibition of speed which disclosed its pitiful deception, and weli-nigh frightened into convulsions tho would-bo redoubtabo ' mulo-ear.' After a prolonged and exhilarating canter that drovo tho blood into ths browned obeeks of therider, ho checked his horso, with tho porfumed breezes thrilling his pulses. As he did sn, a lumbering gray owl of tho horned speoiea slipped from a neighbouring live oak and flapped heavily away. Howo drow rein mechanically. Looking up into tho near top of tho dwarf tree from his elovated position, he espied a' capacious nostin a secure fork, from which point of vantage two pairs of wondering eyes blinkingly regarded him. Ho immediately dismounted, tethered his horse by tho luriat which hung from tho pommel 'of his saddle, and proceeded to climb the tree. Arriving at tho nost, ho saw what ho hnd bo foro conjectured — two Juvenile owls, partlv fledged, aud regarding him, with grotesque wisdom, from tho midst ef debris — the bones of moles aud prairie-dogs, of fender years, pur veyed for their delectation by their solicitous parents. In that spirit of dissent from the proclivities of animate naturo which hnd actuated him all tho morning, Howe, after 11 few moments of amused inspection, selected tho most promising specimen of owldom and depnsitod him in the capacious pooket of his ducking-cloth jacket. Not an instant ton soon, though ; for the above- mentioned solicitous sire and mother, returning in ooni pauy ut this critical niomout, attempted to interpose a forcible but unavailing remon strance, as the triumphant thief slipped down tho tree. 'Say— mister — wot— ye — got?' panted a mischievous voico behind him. I mention it with regret, but candour compels it, that Mr. Howe gave a very violent start. If there are any circumstances under which fine is justified in deeming himself K'fiure from tho fair, it would seem that such might Im realised upon tho bald prairies of South -West; aud yet, anomalous as it may appear, encounters with a proverbially curious sex aro not absolutely unknown. The vusfcness of the surrounding.', the loneliness of the solitudes, impart a feeling of isolation from feminine fasoinations — a security against observation, so that the first impulse of &urpriso; suggests an attack, or, at best, an intrusion. He faced abruptly around. Seeing his ovident amazement, his interrogator gave vent to a long,'; loud, extravagant, but not unmusical explosion of laughter, accented by hilarious gestures of delight. Howo filtered upon a critical snrvey. The object of his scrutiny might bo fuirlv said to challenge feminine classification. What ho saw was a small figure so phenomenally clad in garments of either sex that indecision as to gender was pardonable, to pay tho least. She hud evidently been running, and her present merriment was heightened by tho fact that she was quite out of breath. Her feot and ankles wero bare, and somewhat scratched with tho citcluw nnd cactu-', but, they wore very small feet and anklos for all that. -She wore a dress exhibiting similur signs of suffering from thorns, and through a diversity of t?iree-corncred rents disclosing a red petti coat. Her hands did not appear, but a heavy hunting-jacket, buttoned negligently about delicate little shoulders und with several inches of superfluous sleeve, oppressed rather than clad two slender amis, increasing the general air of incongruity and discomfort. A broad sombrero of felt, heavily adorned with tarnished silver lace and additionally encumbered by a strap-band with double thongs and buckles — conveying the im pression of some primitive variety of cranial torture — formed her decidedly cumbrous headgear. Ana yet tno iooo tnat appertained to tins much beclothed picture of health was quaint and pretty. A pair of very roguish black eyes wero dis.-rotly presided over by long, fringing lashes. A braid of black hair, loosened by her recent activity, struggled from beneath her hat and fell upon her shoulders. Tho observant eyo of Mr. Fayo Howe doteoted a revolver worn ratner ambitiously beneath tho coat. With ulmost a sigh for a fastidious taste, fostered in feminine matters by pust promenade concerts, he decided that sho was about sixteen and unquestionably a very pretty young woman. Sho suddenly regained her composure and spoke with damaging abruptness. ' Don't yo reckon yer 'shamed o' yeiself — rohbin' birds' -nests f sho asked, boldly. Somewhere in the depths of Howe's slumbering conscience thero lurked a faint sense of shumo for his present predicament. He tacitly acquiesced. ' Why did yo go to do it, then f ' she inquired, with the air of a privileged mentor. 'To givo to you,' ho replied, finding his tonguo at onco iu the fabrication of this entertaining falsehood. This put a now construction on tho case which tho ' girl was quick to perceive. Gallantry, of however doubtful a oharaoter, is always appreciated by the arttul box. bho was appeased but not convinced. Dropping her chin, suddenly, she exhibited to tho geu'lemiiu's view a blank desert of !iat, and appeared to commune with tho piecoeious judgmor-t beneath it. Finally, raising her fact; again, und releasing her questioning eyes from their discreet, mourn ing fringes, ' Will ye — will yo swear yo saw mo ?' sho demaudeit with ridiculously solemn emphusis. Mr. Howo was not at all positive that tho oircuuistances demanded tho gravity of the oath. Ho botrayed tho weakness of his former position by an apparout reluotanco to oommit perjury. 'Reckon not,' sho decided. 'But will yo just naturally givo it to me — anyhow ?' disclosing an entreating circlo of pearls that was not to bo resisted. Something in tho swooning fringes of thuso ' coping lashes, tho dewy freshness of tho red lips, suggested to the young man thb idea of compensation. I pay sugges ed it. Tho irentloman had at ono time been a law student ; ho hud than Uson, for the time being, inclined to doubt the material exist ence of onmpousation. However, ho still recognised it ideally. I submit, too, that it ceeinoa really an ago since he bad enjoyed tho osoulatory privileges of female booiety, Aotuated by a realizing stnse of thisfuot, ho made bold to declare bis fell design. 'I do not mind bestowing it upon .ono condition.' 'How?' He started. His ear was bo sensitive to tho sound of his own name. ' Well ?' — with some misohief . ' What did yo jest get to say f' ' I said you could havo tho owl on ono consideration.' ' Wot's thot ?' ' A kiss ' — very grimly, as if inviting lior to a law suit. Tho girl retreated with feminine shyness ; her hands, with diftioulty asserting them selves from tho long sleeves, niado haste to oover lior presumably coveted mouth, as if in anticipation of inoro practical advances. 'No! Thank yo !' she replied, with awk ward politencB9. 'I don't go much on makin' freo with perfeot Btrangors. Ye may keep yer ornery owl,' slio added. Howo had just reaohed the same con elusion ; he was provbkingly ironical in ro ferenoo to hor second sentence. Howboit, he experienced that onohantmont which dis tance is said to lend to unattainable ob jects. -, ? ;. Notwithstanding her recont disparaging oommont, tho girl still rogarded tho owl with inconsistent longing. Howo confined his attention to a porusal of rustio attractions. 'Who aro yo and where yo goin'f sho finally demanded with oharming direct ness. ' My name's Howe, and I'm on tho road,' ho replied, vaguely, exhibiting that Northern privacy in personal matters unsympathiscd with by tho Southern temperament. ' Hope yo'll git thar,' sho responded cheer fully. Tho gentleman thanked her for her good wishes with an amused sarcasm, which was lost on tho recipient. ' Wot's tho name n' yer pony f ' she said, returning to tho charge It happened that Mr. Fayo Howe was trembling on tho vergo of a snepze. Ho was awuro of tho Greek augury. Ho thought ho would eaorifico his politeness as a gallant to his classic superstition. Besides, he was in Texas. If his border life had inoulcated in the gentleman u certain discretion which made him exclusively addicted to indulging his forcible rhotorio in tho privaoy of his own company, its influonco upon his code of suciul etiquette was apparently not so salu tary. Ho permitted himself tho rude privi lego, and did not find it necessary to apolo gise, but ho attempted to say ' Ouoar ' at the same moment. 'Hoss car!' she exclaimed, with scorn. ' 'Pears to me yo ain't naturally got much taste. Why didn't ye call him ' Sittin' Bull ' or ' Staudin' Buf lo ?' 'Pears to mo men ain't worth tho flippin' a pecan a-namin' things. There's Rube Smart's got two lovely mustangs ho calls ' Snipe ' and ' Bunch ' us ef ho reckoned ono was a bird and t'other a boil.' The girl regarded him with unqalified con tempt, und seemed surprised that he did not wither beneath it ! but ho remarked very calmly : 'I presume you would havo called my horse 'Pansy' or 'Daisy' — this, in mali cious irony of feminine christening. An imperfeot education in tho repartee of tho border was not without assisting her iu braving tho deductions of 3Ir. Howe's logic. Sho eyed tho mustang coolly aud criticully with the air of a haughty connoisseur. I must admit with grief for his ajsthetic title, that his coat was somewhat sun-cured and weather-beaten, and, moreover, quite guilt less of grooming. 1 No !' sho said, ' pardnor, I skursley reckon I cud. 'Pears as I'd call him 'Quid' or 'T.-rbacker.' Fayo Howo lost his gravity at this sally, and tho young lady's scorn thawed a triflo at tho recognized compliment to her humour. 'Tell ye what 1 reckon I'll do,' she finally said. ' What ?' with exaggerated expectancy. 'I'll play yo fer thet thar orittor,' indicat ing tho owl with a disparaging wave of tho hand. ' What will you put up ngainBt it ?' in quired Howe, with well-feigned caution, though heartily amused. The girl hesitated, glanced again at the owl, sighed, and immediately decided. ' My six-shooter,' drawing tho formidable weapon. 'Done!' with a violent air of business. 'What shall it bo?' 'Puker,' sho said, with an easy familiarity, producing a woe-begono paok of cards from tho side-pookec of her coat. The owl and revolver wero placed eido by side, subject to tho dictum of chance. Tho cards wero cnt and dealt in grave silence. The girl's cheeks flushed, and hor eyes gleamed with excitement. ? xwo caras, sne saw witn gratijying per functoriness. Mr. Howo oxpressed himsolf as satisfied with his hand. Sho scowled. ' Two pair — aces up ! ' said Howe. ' Full hand ! ' sho shouted, triumphantly appropriating the spoils. The gentleman acquiesced with an extrava gant sigh of regret. Then he took the initiative in questioning. ' ' I suppose you can handle this ? ' he said taking up the revolver, an old-fashioned, muzzle-loading Colt's ' six- shooter.' ' Eight smart ! ' she said, without looking np ; she hnd beoomo absorbed in lavish caresses of the recently acquired owl. ' Let mo see you shoot,' Howo requested, handing it over. Tho girl accepted tho weapon mechanically and looked round for a mark. Sho espied an en.pty tomato-can, probably discarded by somo travelling teamster. Sho pointed it out to Howe. ' Watch ! ' she quietly remarked, raising the heavy weapon calculatingly in both hor small hands. Howo did ?watch with amused interest. Tho startling report of the heavy arm followed, and, as tho smoko drifted to ono side, tho can was seen to havo changed its position with visible damugo. Mr. Fay Howe was correspondingly awed and appreciative. ' Bravo ! Whero did you learn to shoot ! ' ho exclaimed approvingly. ' Oh ! Pop and mo practices reg'lar 'bout tho ranch.' 'Tho ranch?' Where's that?' ' 'Bout a mile north o' here,' Bhe replied, indicating ti o lino by jerking tho thumb of her right hand over her shoulder, while she still caressed her lugubrious pet with her left. ' Who lives there ? ' ' Me and Pop.' ' Who's me ? ' ' Do you moan --what's my numo. Wowe noaaed. 'Penelope Natchez,' she answered. ' What does your father do ? ' 'What — does — ho — do?' with round, amazed eyes. 'Where yo bin, strangor? Guess you'ro a ' tender-foot.' * 'Wo'roiu equal 'fix,' sweetness,' respon- ded tho collegian, apostrophizing tho little bare and thorn-scratched feot. Tho girl looked at him embarrassedly, and said in au instant, ' Thet's plum a-plenty o' thot.' Mr. Howo made a mental note to avoid comimrisons in tho future. 'Well,' sho resumed, after a silence, evidently protracted for its effeot as a moral lesson, 'if you'ro so powtrful ignorant, my pop is land- agent and sheep-raiser for Conobo County.' The gontleman reflected that she probably shared tho peculiarities of a oharming but inaccurate sox in matters of business. Cnnoho County being as largo as the State of Rhode Island, it was extremely unlike that ' pop ' monopolised the sheep industry for that ox tent of territory. Howboit, ho lookod wise and said nothing. 'Thar's part of 'in,' she explained, point ing out a Bmall flock at a distance of several hundred yards. At times during tho recent conversation, Howo had fanoied he heard the bloating of sheep and lambs, but the sounds had come so faintly against the wind that ho believed himself mistaken. 1 Yor see,' sho said, drawing nearer to him and becoming suddonly confidential, ' pop's went down to Eden this morning to a trial ; ho'B a lawyer and has been oounty judgo — suro 'nuff . Bill Daroy's comin' up for Bhoot in1 a follcr, an' they conldn't got 'long no-how without pop. I promised him I'd herd them sheep whilo he's away, because our hordor's loft. It's soraethin' I don't generally do,' sho oonoluded, apologetically. This luoid explanation was not without in terest to Howo. It happened that he was in quost of this very samo Judge Natohoz in re ference to a disputed land-title. In view of her recont charming confidences, he briofly developed theso faots to Miss Ponelopo. ' Reckon yo'd bettor stop at tho ranoh to night,' she said, when ho had finished ; ' pop'll bo baok by sun-down^ Ye can lunch intb. mo under thot livo bnk, of ye tiara to — over yonder,' pointing to a tree rather larger in its general outlinothan tho prevailing typo of that dwarf caricature of an applo-treo. It was distant about a hundred yards. ' But ray shoop's strayin' I throw \m in, Flo !' she soreamed to a Iblook and white Bhepherd dog that now ditcloBed herself in their neighborhood, nnd had been doing doublo dnty in her mistress's absence. \- ' Go — 'round — 'cm I' gesticulating with a oiroulur wave of tho hand. Tho intelligent bruto looked knowingly at her a moment, and then trotting off, made a wido ditour to intercept tho stragglors. But thero wna now a commotion among tho loudly lamonting floolc, and a disturbed bloating camo distinctly to tho car. ' Does that ' hoss-car ' o' yours buck, Mr. Howo ?' inquired Miss Ponclope. Tho gentleman felt a certain prido in dis olaiming for his mustang that oustomary Texan characteristic ' Reckon I'll hov to horror him, then,' she said, loosing the tethered pony, springinginto tho saddle, and throwing hor. knoo over tho Mexican pommel ; ' I'll meet ye over by thet tree.' ;.Vnd sho rodo away liko the wind, with an Amazonian abandon quito in keeping with her goneral m.mnor. Bidden thus to an Arcadian repast, and de prived of his horse, thoro was nothing for Fayo Howo to do but to follow hor instruc tions. Ho Bet out for tho appointed rendoz Vous, but being possessed of some curiosity to noto tho precision of her recont shot, turned first in the direction of the unfortunate oan. Doubtless he proceeded with less than cus tomary caution, for ho was suddenly startled ?violently by a peculiar warning, very similar to tho rapid uncoiling of a broken olock spring— a sound never forgotten by ono -who has heard it under dangerous oircumstancos. Bewildered '.iy its muffled character, ho sprang. suddenly to ono side, and stepped right upon an enormous rattlesnake Almost identical in color with the ' curly raesquito ' grass in its neighborhood, it lay coilod ready to spring. He shrank back with an exclamation of horror, bnt it was too lato. The reptile darted forward, with a move ment of its head liko successivo, rapid blows of a tack-hamnu-r. With a sickening shudder tho gentleman felt himself bitten on tho little finger of his right hand. He staggered, ghastly palo, to tho live oak — distant but a few yards — and foil, rather than sat down, beneath its shade. He was faint with agony. Cold beads of perspira tion — liko a death damp — started upon his forehead. A foot-fall struck his oar; he raised his head in a blind, dazed fashion. Tho girl was already returning holding tho owl. ' Wot's up 'r' she queried, her quick eyes noting the feebleness of his attitude. ' Bitten !' ho gasped, trying to smile in tho presence of tho weaker sex — presumably. It was a ghastly failure — that smilo. Tho girl beoamo a heroine with Columbine suddenness. Tho owl, projected from his airy perch, described a bewildered parabola. She wus kneeling btiside him. 1 Quick ! strip up yer shirt-sleovo !' sho cried, tearing tho band from her hoavy hat. She wrapped tho leathern thong about his muscular fore-arm, and slipping the straps in the buckles, applied this rude tourniquet with an excited, nervous strength that mudo him wince. She produced a small piatol flask and some matches. ' Show me,' she saia, imperatively. Mr. FayeHowo obeyed. His little finger, his wrist — his whole hand and fore-arm, up to tho leathern bandago, wore so swollen they might have done justioe to Goliath of Gath. Dropping to a sitting posture, sho de posited her sombrero in her l«p, and grasp ing his wrist firmly, sho laid tho hand upon the thiok felt. »* Havo you eve'r seen a woman fumble and flounder with a powder flafk ? The Texan heroine deposited two charges upon tho bite us deftly as she handled her needle when uho cared to. Sho struck a luoifer. Howe gave a gesture of disapproval. ' — r--. ' Grit yonr teeth,' she said, coolly. Sho dropped tho match. A flash ; ' a sizzling sputter ; a puff of white smoke. Mr. Fayo Howo yelled, of course. \- 'Thar,' she said, with a sigh of reliof. 'I reokon that'll naturally fetoh it.' After which exhibition of decision, feminiiiO nerves botrayod themselves; sho trombled violently 'and looked a little faint. However, she wj-s spared the observance of this by her companion. He began to bo taken with a convulsivo shuddering. Sum moning her courage again, the girl began to pull and tug at the pocket of her coat. Sho finally extricated a reluotant colossal flat bottle. It was despondently full. Sho un corked it. ' Drink ! ' she said, -amply ; ' Scotch whisky ! yer life depends on it ! ' Howe took a long pull at the flask. 'Don't stop sho cried; 'there's heaps moro ! there's heaps more ! I'vo got it hid at tho ranoh. Lucky I kep' this frcm pop last night,' sho soliloquised. ' I was afeared he was 'lowin to get outside of this, so as to clear Daroy. It's most too pop'lar with pop. Reokon by this time,' she added, con fidentially, as if to her hare feet, ' thor' wouldn't been nothin' in it but ths smell, if he'd been bit. 'Pears h6' boon bit reg lar every oveniii' lately.' Then sho turned to Howo and said sternly. ' Why don't yo drill*.'' Thus adjured, Howe made a laudable effort to diminish tho contents of the flask. Pone lope watched him anxiously. 'Yer must drink it all ' sheprotested, ' and then ' ? looking at him slyly, as if to note the impression made by her bibulous advico — ' and then — yer must begin on tho diraroy jobn. Stop yer take breath ; throw yer head baok ; Bhut yer oyes and lot her juuo : tho objek is ter get tho pizen drunk.' After which graphio medical treatise, she subsided with a solicitous gravity inhoreloquout black eyes. Tho contents of tho flask wero seriously diminishing. Howo felt no exaltation from the liquor. It was the antagonism of tho virus. f '?Ye muit got homo,' Penelope said, in anxiety, ' Homo ? ' said Howe, woaderingly. ' Yas — to tho ranoh.' She pioked up tho unfortunate owl, whioh, from its apparent distress, had not oven yot regained its wontod equanimity. ' Come,' sho said, shaking the lethargic gentleman, 'tumble into yer Baddle while there's time.' Ho moohanically oboyed her. Sho called to her dog to 'throw tho sheop together.' Taking tho lariat of tho impassivo Oscar, who had beon an apparently iesthotic and stupid spectator of her previous efforts for his unfor tunate master, she drovo tho bloating flook before her, and set out for the ranoh. The nest-building of tho Texan is not characterised by that air of luxurious refine ment whioh onco obtained among older Southern States. Tho hnmblo dwelling of tho ex-judgo, land-agent, and shoop-former, I regret to say, was not an oxooption. Not withstanding that wealth of uhihty whioh his varied pursuits might seem to imply, moobanioal art interposed but an obsouro and feeble shield botween him and tho inolemenoy of the weather. This may havo beon owing to a stoical indifferenco to climatic changes, but I am inclined to refer it to a certain oaro lessness and implicit laith in naturo, quite in keoping with tho Texan tomperamont. Tho idea of carelessness -was strengthened in the mind of tbo casual visitor by marked shiftlcs6nesa in material surround ings, and by apparently impotent offorts to discard artioles of departed utility. Tho surface of tho bald prairie, whioh undulated like a beaoh of sand upon tho bordors of tho ranch, exhibited tho samp disreputable ourio sitics that aro sometimes found on tho shoro of tho sea. Tin canB, empty bottles, Bolelessi boots, broken oroukory, hats, Bhameloss in their battered exterior^ — all in absurd attitudes of vagrancy— covored the deseorated f acs of virgin solitude. The ftrrlorn emHfems of ephemeral adornment were all porsuiontly and uninterestingly masculine. It .i^ with embarrassment that I admit, that tht;o -were other artioles, unraistakcably feminine,' Tho ranch itself had beon rather inju diciously built at tho junction of two creeks, and on a very slight knoll in a small oncir cling clump of livo oaks — thoir cirar-groen quality offering thus a fcoblo, bat parennial shade. It was of adobe, and undoubtedly picturesque. Its capacity for comfort at cer tain seasons was apparently beneath tho at tention of the owner. Tho roof from within afforded occasional astronomical opportunities and a pano of glass in the solitary window was rendered uselessly opaquo by tho inter vention of an old felt hut. Howbeit, it was not altogether'unpreppssessing. It had;onco been ti'o -apartment of tho ao-. corapliahed judgo, but -Us tho flight of time marked a growing maturity in Ponolono, the legal gentleman; hud exhibited a chivalric oourtesyin rotiring to the. loss pretentious, but equally leaky, cover of /a tent, pitched just outside. This, with enforced retreats at odd times to the kitchen — a long, low struc ture, bnilt of Blabu, and graced with a small cooking-stove— formed tho father's sleeping quarters, and comprised Ms somewhat sad attempt at housekeeping. Tho .wholo.waB en circled by a slight rail -feoce. The chivalriciretiremont of tho judge from Miss Penelope's room, was, howover, tem pered by signs of bis intermittent presence. A meagro array of the resources of Texan jurisprudence in tho sbapo of threo debili tated, law-books, covered with dust, and se cured from perusal by over-topping feminino 'gimcraoks,' was supplemented by an ample commentary, sanctioned by ono Lynch, J. — to whom frontier ideis of exact justico ap parently necessitated more assiduous refer ence. Briefly, tho wall in tho neighbourhood of the scant law-libraiy suggested an ar sinal. It was |litenlly fresooed with muni tions of -war— shot guns, ' Winchesters,' car bines, pistols, rovolvers, and bowiea, included in this suggestive display of tho twift retri bution that waits upon crime. It is not too much to say, that, with tho exception of Beveral artioles of apparel, discreetly veiled by an ovorhanging strip of calico, they formed almost tho onlv. details of this modest at tempt at hou-o-furnishing. There waB, however, ono ether prominent piece of fur niture. A low bed, somewhat shaky in its underpinning,' and exhibiting that peculiar sketehinesa in make-up of which the interior and, in fuct, the lout cnacmhleoi this carica ture of mechanical art prevailingly partook. Mr. Faye Howo was, at present, ocoupying it. A demijohn rested upon the floor. Pene lope, tin-cup in hand, with a grim resolvo in her pretty features, and a gonoral atmos phere of perfunctory dosing, was seated near him. It ia only the grave exigency of hiB recent mi6iortune wnicn constrains me to admit that the gentleman was, at present, hopelessly inebriated. At tho interesting moment of his introduction, the laudable and unremitting attentions of Miss Natchez had captured him. Had Penleope been interested iu drunken ness as a purely jisychioal study, it is to bo belioved that, at successive stages, her ex perimental efforts would have been amply rewarded. But she was eminently practical, and ignored details. Serono in tho achieve ment of her purpose, attendant symptoms were disregarded. Tho phenomena attribut able to alcoholic excess are almost infinite. Tho ardent devotion of some temperaments when intoxicated is M-orthy of a highor inspiration. I think I am safe in saying that, ? whatever possibilities liquor may induce, Mr. Howo achisved them all. Ho had boon hilarious, maudlin, affectionate, even endearing. He was now feebly inter jeotional and mildly incoherent. HiB natu rally retentivo memory, excited by his potions, constrained him at first to entertain Miss Natchez with a lengthy rebearsal of acknowledged vocal abilities. He sang solos, duets, trios — his intoxicating judg ment even tempting him to grapplo with a quarter. This proving a lamentable failure — especially as he evinced a disposition to carry all tho parts at once — ho relapsed into eolloge-glees, and eventually into a madly whirling drinking-chorus. Awakening to a realising senso of his proximity to beauty, he exhausted tho re Hnnrnns of sentiment and an nnummlW rinh vocabulary upon the astonished maiden. Ha called her 'his flower,' 'his life,' 'his dream,' 'his brooding sweetness,' 'hisecstatic aflinity.' Ho was evidently near tho clouds at this point. Ho even instituted comparisons, and drawing from tho bosom of his blouse the carte dc cizile of a most fashionably-dressed youncr lady, expressed his unhesitating pre ference for the natural charms of his bizarre nurso. These vehement efforts wore associa ted with certain familiarities of gesture and caress, which Penelope repelled with com mendable coyness, but with amanifest feeble ness, prompted, no doubt, by her feminine consciousness of tho fact that his oriticul discernment was sadly blunted by tho fre quency of his libations. in tho end, worn out by his violent exertions, Mr. Faye Howo bocamo helplessly comatose. Miss Penolope Natohez picked up tho pioture that had fallen from bis nerveless fingers. She abandoned hersolf to a long and careful study of its attractions. Having concluded whioh, with tho disparaging comment that sho ' didn't go much on sioh fino-hairod and furbelowed gals at thet,' sho heaved a deop sigh, and with a tondor glance at the reoumbent Howe, ruthlessly appropriated it. It was now night. ' Pop ' had not como home. With some forebodings for her sire's present physical condition, sho essayed to allay hor filial anxiety by renewed efforts for the comfort of Howe. Now that he was en tirely unconsoious, she lavished a wealth of tenderness upon him ; she lifted his head and deposited it in her lap ,? sho passed her hands caressingly over tho tlondo beard, and softly smoothed his thin hair ; sho talked to him cooingly, in n sympathetic, pitying fashion, deprecating his misfortune, and sincerely grateful for hor prompt presence. And then, as time slipped away into tho small hours, and the moonlight — that mysterious foe of woman — filtered through tho woll- ventilated roof and fell upon her ; and the mocking birds — those melodious extollers of Luna's demoralizing tendencies — beguiled her with their song, Bhe grow suddenly lonoly ; her head drooped, hor black mano touohed his forehoad, aud sho kissod him. And tho half fledged but vigilant owlet, as if by this seal ho reoognisod her now inalionablo title to his chance-ownership, attested it by a soft ' Hoo o-o ! Hoo-o-o !' that sont the blood dancing over tho girl's temples, as though a cloud of witnesses wero consoious of her weakness. But Mr. Fayo Howo dreamed that tho fash ionable lady watohed over his sleep. [CONCLUDED NEXT WEliK.[ Many persona use tho phraso ' in a trioo ' ?who have no conception of tho meaning. A trico is tho Bixtioth part of a second of time. Tho hoar is divided into sixty minutes, tho minute into sixty seconds, and tho socond into sixty trioes, or thirds— Spanish tris. Countrymon (to hotel olerk) — 'I reokon you'll have to give mo another room, jnistor.' Olerk — ' Whars tho matter with the ono you havo ? ' Countryman — ' Tho sign says, 'Don't blow out the gas,' an', b' gosh, I oan't sloop with all that light in tho room.' ' I don't boo why you should sneer at my engagement ring,' said the fair girl with a flush of indignation on heroheok, as shofaoed tho belle of tho opposition town ; ' it's a gro.it deal prettier thun tho ona yon -woio three years ago, and haven't worn since ! ' ' No, doar.' replied her friend, with a cool, far-away look in hor voice.} 'not prettier, but quito as protty. It is tho samo ring.' — Punk. ??..-. .' A little boy was told that tho Rev. Mr. Goforth, tho missionary to China, would be tho only Christian minister in ohargo of a district having as many people as are in tho whole of Canada. 'My !' he said, 'won't ho ]ia\\\3 to holler.' — Toronto (rlalv. 