THE B.H. CENTRAL MINE. [By Telegraph.] Sydney, May 16. A resolution doubling the capital of the Central Broken Hill by the issue of 75,000 one pound shares was unanimously adopted at a meeting of the company held to-day. The new ebarc a will cany ? total liability of 10a. each, payable 3s. fid. on application, 2i. 6d. on allotment, and la. in monthly calls. They will be offered in the first instance to the present shareholders in the company. THE NOKTH-EAST~MINING VEN TURES.-Ko 1. (By out Teetalpa Correspondent.) Bimbowrie Station. N.E.. May 12. Among the many minim? ventures that have been set on foot of late in the neighborhood of Teetulpa, there are several which, lying away from the beaten tracks, have rarely, if ever, been introduced to public notice throago the medium of press correspondence. In order to viiit and report on these properties, resisting the brilliant prospects ot more than one of which dark hints and vague rninora bad from time to time been industriously circulated, I made arrangementa for a tour of inspection with a friend. Alter much preparation and enndry false starts and postponements, we at last got under weigh on the 9th inst., amid the cbesra of the crowd that had assembled to witness our departure, (&. reputation for veracity and matter of fact statement, the low of which would leave me poor indeed, compels me to acknowledge that a Teetulpa crowd now confute of abont six indiridoala of assarted ages and sexes, and that the cheers referred to were of that description peculiar to auriferous repione, and commonly written "Jo!"*) It tenet, however, be confessed that the animated cat's-meat and superannuated " shaudryden" that had the honor of conveying your repre sentative and his companion, who claimed to be the oldest—that is to gay, the earliest—resi dent at present on the field, were hardly calcu lated to inspire the respect due to them. Although long odds were freely offered (with no takers) that we would never make Mount Victor, our first day'e ttage, it is a strikinir proof of the wonders that oats " ad lib.," bath chert and long, will accomplish, that np to the present we hare maintained an average rate of three knots and only consumed one whip. Growing Brady's Golly by Badman a road, which having caved in in aeveotl places is now little better than a trap to the unwary, whether biped or quadruped, we leave on the left hand the lovely-looking burial- ground, where some two ecore (mostly victims of typhoid and mis placed confidenoe) sleep the last sleep, and wind slowly over the quartz-strewn undula tions of bleak barren ?aitbuah country. After progressing about seven sales towards Mount Victor, the highest peak of some serrated hill* that loom op boldly on the northern horizon, we mire at at dam (as tanks in this eoantry seem to be invariably termed). Here in deference to an unmistakable bint from our "moke," who said as plainly as he could that be would tee us both bice before he would budge an inch farther, we pipe all hands to dinner and spell for abont an bone Jogging along quietly a few miles farther we again poll up at a tin but, * deaerted ontrtation at a large dry tank, in tending to visit the Snnbeam, a lately opened reef situated about two mile* to the westward. The tracks thereto being too heavy for our farmne-teebled little pony to tackle with any proffect of pulling through, we aet out on foot, but noticing from a bilHop a dng approaching, which we rightly conjectured to belong to some mutual friends who were camped in that direc tion, we sat down to await its arrival, but as the sun was now getting low and we had some eix or seven miles yet to go we annumrilTjnit poned the visit to the sunbeam cine die. From what I have gathered a strong snd vail-daisied iode has already been followed on aa uadadie angle of about 40? toacoawderabfe depth, the work feast? tac&tated; by easy country and a double twz≠ is the shaft A ?mall parcel of the stone was treated a few weeks ago at the J. a Bray battery, bat the result was not mode'public. Onr friends who, acmrding to a custom very common in this district were combining kangaroo hunting with prospecting (other parties in the vicinity bain* reported to ba oo " good things,") had opened a diver- bearing lode near Mount Victor, from which promising assays bad been obtained ; directions to find which they gave at, with other useful infor mation respecting the route which we pro posed to traverse. Yoking op again to the evident disgust of our gallant grey, who thought bis troubles were over lor she day, we cross a mile or two of plain country, and on mtrring a patch of acacia scrub arrive at nlr. Stacey'a camp, where we an welcomed by a chorus of barks from the kangaroo dogs chained op under the sheltering bashes. Staying here only long enovgh to exchange local news items and re pair the most necessary article in our equip ment, which, being on a par with the balance of file turnout, was better calculated (a? Jar as its effects went) to flick flies off a sleeping Venus than to galvanise into tem porary activity the ghost of a BxMinaate that headed our procession, we cross a boundary fence by the simple expedient of pulling np a few posts and holding them flat on the ground. About a mUe or bo further we reach a small tank sunk in the bed of a dry watercourse. Here some kangaroos are drinking, but before we can bong onr battery (a single barrel muzzle-loading "squirt" of uncertain age and dupoution) to bear they hop away into thesur ronading scrub and are safe. From here the track bends to the left, where Moant Victor is beginning to look more adjacent, and Just as the shades of night are beginning to thicken uncomfortably we enter a horse paddock and arrive at the Mount Victor hut and well, an outstatioa of Kooaamore run, about 17 miles from Teetulpa, after traversing a faedy track in which, to our pleasant sur prise, "Oatameat," as we have dubbed our quadruped, shaped so satisfactorily as to secure a double " whack" of oats in his feed and com parative immunity from external stimulant. The boundary rider, also an enthusiasti: kangarooer, whose "Colt" inagarine rifls inspires feelings very near akin to envy, made ue welcome, and as the night was threateningly overcast we accepted the offer to camp inside, exchanging notes and experiences relative to past campaigns agaiDst the tripods until wrapped in the arms of "Murphy." The best resolutions "oft gang agley," and the sun was well above the eastern horizon before we turned out, my first move after attending to the horse, being in the direc tion of Staoey's lode. Ascending a gentle elope, thickly strewn with the debris of a strong outcrop of dark ironstone, running about east by north, which crowns it, I am soon on the ectne of action. Here, on what looks like a "fault" in the main reef, a small hole has been put down about 10 or 11 feet in very unsettled and shaken limestone country, and a lode of come kind ueems to have been opened on. An sttetxpt to get down in order to make a doier inspection convinced me that, without a rope, the only way was to fall dotro. As I could hardly see my way to falling up again, I did cot push &y; investigations further Joking apart, however, the blow is of a nVcure very characteristic of argentiferous country, and a systematic search for a tru-; lode might be well worth prosecuting. The Princess Midas, named in allusion to Mtas Cornwall, who, I believe, holds an interest in it, is one of the many " mines of the future" that are to be found in tbia district. This, I J*r cy.ii* the neatest way of designating those properties which cannot claim to be mines of the present; the work done on them consisting t.tly ?>f erecting corner-pegs and wetting the christening. iStaily everybody in this part of the country carries geological specimens in his packet, which in tie imagination of their pos sessors are fabulously rich in one or note of the valuable metals. Earlier on the trip I had narrowly escaped com mitting myeelf by asserting that some bard galena was micaceous iron, and that same minerals representing oxide and carbonate of had were simply red ochre and carbonate of lime. Now my boat bailed me up for an opinion as to the nature of a piece of rock which certainly resembled in many respeeta a junk of old ironstaiued eandstone encased in chalky or calcareous material, I should have been "bad" properly. Having travelled on the back Moots whan tbe colo nies and myself were some dozen years younger, I had become painfully ta-TnPiar with that cniioua compound of saccharine abomination and briekdust that the bloated squatter of the good old times was wont to serve out to bia bands and the stranger at his gates as "ration sugar." While it can be ob tained samples of this wonderful production ehould be wrenrttd by the technical w""?m, that are intended to play such an important part in the education of the rising generation. It would be necessary, however, to create a Encotal department for it, for which the con glomeiate would be a suitable term, as it would puzzle the president of the Koyal Society to determine whether the article in question be losgid to the vegetable, rainm-aX or even animal kingdom. Getting away in good time after all, about and 1C very cicely-pegged skins ware set S o'clock we are well on our road, this time bound to the eastward, having given up our intention of visiting Mount Victoria, in con sequence of the bearinra of the road, it being stattd to be sand nearly all the way. We make fair progress considering all things, and after traversing a few miles of uninteresting country atop to bait in a patch of scrub. From bexe the road was very sandy, and we had to take to the caltbush, lightening the craft by walking nearly aU the way. Up to the present the trip from a sporting point of view bad been s failure, as the turkeys had kept at a discreet distance from the road side, once off which they could walk away from as at their leisure. However, at the aecand time of acking the gun went off and killed a kscgaroo that foolishly hopped in the direction taken by a charge of A shot, trying to set out of .the road of about 4 drachms of diam ond grain which went off behind it. Shortly after securing the caudal trophy we arrived at Arkaroola, a hut and well situated at the point where the road bstwesn Teetulpa and Mount Victoria crosses the main track between Silvcrtcn and Port Augusta, which we had been following. Steering north ward we again leave the hospital, which, with the smoke from the battery, nad long been distinctly visible in our rear, and make for Ethcdno, a bold rocky hill, capped by a trig etatios, visible for a considerable distanoe in every direction. On onr way hither we witnessed a kangaroo course, the animal ?p -pearicg to give his canine purruers leg-bail with ease. Kntering a wierd-lookiog bat pic turesque defile between two rugged spars, which, shut in by points of rock and winding into the base of the hill, resembles a S'lrt of terrestial harbor, we at last arrive at a well where a grand spring of fresh water has been t?p;*d a few ftet below tlte surface. Here another party of kangarooen were catnpsd, out, which the man is charge told me had basn taken from kangaroos, all of which had baen caught by one dog on the preriou* day. KcEuming our journey we reach Mr, aCott rsnj's comfortable camp at the "New Year" copper lodes at dusk, and coon making pre parations for wet weather, our bujtgy fortu nately having a tilt, tarn in and enjoy what rest ia obtainable in a shallow box 5 teet by 3*. Dcring the night it rains intermittently,-and on anting in the morning the lowering ap pearance of the weather, the hillside* being clotted in vapor, dicpels any idea of further progress for that day. iaiing advantage, however, ot a break in the miserable drizzle that transported one in tutor back to the " land o' cakes" I made a '.britf inspection of the workings in the locality. Oa Mr. Mottram's lease, that derives its name from having been taken up on iSe? Year's Day, two lodes have been opened, and other outcrops and indications are known to exist. On the trore western, which appears to be a large f ar lEatioo, the work is at present purely cf a prospecting character, and operations are sus pended untQ another windlass can be pro cured ; the lode stutf is as yet of no determined character, almost every class of ore being found scattered through the nutria:. Farther east a shaft has been sunk about 1- feet on a small lode, wfcich. having been foilosred abaut S feet on its underlie to the northward, appaars to be making same good assays, for both silver and copper have been obtained from here, and the bulk of the ore raised has a very promiiing appearance. Tbe "Miadaaiareeka property he* about a further M**ng hilly conn try, trending to the southward and eastward. It consists of three SO acre blocks, and, like Mount Victoria, got its name from a bill at such a distance away that the imagination is considerably strained to establish the why and wherefore. What ia of much more importance, hawerer, is that ths indications of tbe cupriferous character of the country are here very prominent and abun dant. In a detp "coateen" trench on tbe southern block a formation carrying copper and elver-bearing minerals—some of undoubtedly hijth grades—-has been opened, which measures between walls of rotten micaceous quaruite do less than 66 feet. A vertical shaft has been commenced to cut this large lode, which runs neatly doe east and west through two of the sections a few feet below the surface, I noticed some good isi twiintf and hone fisah ore at this place; also some very likely - looking gostana and xuaii ganeee, ana am of opinion th?S it looked as "keenly" for bath copp?; and silver am any abow that I h?*e yet vsett in tki? part of the country, 'inly two men are at present employed by she syndicate who hold tbia property, ?&d; they were eacaged for the present icpcovi?g what appears to be a otuss oourte. On another part of the ground here a eb>!t was down 15 feet, from which a cross cut was being pot into the lode to ascer tain its width and character, the country appaarag to be easy to work in. Tbe roufA nature of the country, sad a lock of confidence in the capabilities of our eauine rein induced us to abandon oar project of visiting Moant Victoria, where, a* far a* I can gather, the only work of importance bow being carried on is the deepening of the oompany'* tmdariie shaft by contract. So using Ndi-vr* on Satur day morning, which dawn* wilh a renviryiag freshness and glory that makes one believe life is worth living after all. we again break up camp and set out eastward for Bimtosrrie. The track from here is very heavy indeed, it is a dead pull nearly all day. This granite country is a desolate looking wildenuaa, interminable wastes of sand ?eantiiy clothed with safttrash and cprinlded with stunted asd starred looking btnbes, and only broken by roogb rocky bilk. Fortunately our quadruped proves to be aheap better than he looks, and his oats are not thrown away. It would do our friends who made eo merry over onr departure good if they could see "the pinches" we negotiate, literally putting onr shoulders to the wheel. About mid-day we make tbe Mindamareeka but and well, receiving a hearty welcome from the boundary-rider, who lives in the centre of | a very Sahara of sand, dose by bete is a range of hois. Sounding the plain on the west is the Lucky Find, soother copper vesture belonging to a Broken Hill syndicate. While the bone ia feeding I walk over to look at it Arriving at the scene of operations I Sad two men sinking on a lode which in places appears !to be nearly 5 feet in width; at the present depth (36 feet) it is, however, rather small and I horsey. In the small heap of partly-dressed ore atftcasslnotieed some grey ore in streaks. How ever, carbonates, both blue and green, were tbe predominating ores in the quartz matrix, some portions of which might assay well. Argenti ferous substances alao occurred at intervals, which might become an important feature in the future development of the mine. Resuming the road, about seven miles further en we pass the bimbowrie woolshed and shearers' huts at a very desolate-looking spot called "Astro." The former is a long roomy structure of masonry, roofed with oor rogated iron, and although it has no preten tious to architectural beauty it is claimed to be i the best shed in the north east. Having no time to waste we did not make a closer inspec tion. For tbe last two days' travelling the tracks have been so heavy with the loose sand formed by the decomposition of granite that we have had to walk the greater portion of the way. so are not sorry when at last we arrive at the headstation after narrowly escaping being logged in a tank while watering the horse. Government house is, for the locality, a sub stantial and rather ornate building, and is situated atsome distanoe from the other station buildings, where we secure a comfortable camp for the night and a hospitable reception. MEETINGS. A meeting of shareholders of the Band of Hope Gold Mining Company, Mannahill, was held at the Port Admiral Hotel on Wednesday evening, Mr. James Murray presiding over a full attendance. The articles of association were read and passed, and Messrs. James Murray, 8 Jenkins, S. Websier, W. Farrant, and W. £. Mathinson, M.P., were elected directors, Messrs. W. lanu and J. Bailey were chosen auditors. MISCELLANEOUS. Our Tanunda correspondent telegraphed on Wednesday:—A strong syndicate has been formed to reopen the well known Wheat Nitscbbe copper mine, about four miles distant from here. The shares are already at a high premium. An Adelaide syndicate have secured the adjoining sections. KUewhere appears an abridged prospectus of the Silver Stream Bilver Mining Company. The pro*pectus in full appeared in Tuesday's Advertiser. We have bees shown some cot stones from tbe claims of the Yug River Gem Mining Syndicate in the MacDonnell Ranges, which have just been returned from Messrs. G. Armitaee & Co., the.well-known lapidaries of Ceylon, to Messrs. Drummond Bros., who cent them to be cut. For MacDonnell Ranges biouea the specimens are of good color, but Meetrs, Armitage & 00\. pronounce them to be gurnets, and forwarded for comparison some Oylon garnets. The firm value the stones at I6tj. per poundweight uncut. REPORTS. Stakkeky Tin Mines (Eurlowte).—Manager, Hay 12: "fciHce my iatt report I Ijave had four men working on the tin lode; have found the walls of same, aud it is Mjfeet wide. The men are now en gaged worsiog on the length of the lode, and are I rcalinp \t-rv good atcae, Mmecf it tub. The tin Is o! a cri?Ul I ana. being the richest kiad of mine tin, and \?rv unumaj in <hia district. The deepest ptrt ot Hie c<:tlirp<? It feet deep, bat going south Into the hills it will couaideriMv Increase, and we shall pro bali'j have a slope SO iect deep in thii direction, <n liioh ? ith its great?idth trill turn out a considerable quantity of ttoff." Kav. Victory T.M. Co.-Miiift?er. May IS:— "The past week we hare been getting timber and tinibtr.og Mo 1 thaft, uliifb we expect to 6ubb In a lew days, sut then start stakicg No 1 shaft agiin ; tbe total dfttanoe of this shaft from bcace uLi ted. Ho. 4 thatt sunk S feet for tbe past week; total distance from br*et, 22 feet 6 Inches; looks well, and getting better tin as v. e tmk Tbe lode is 4 feet C inshes wide ;we are taking; it the full width dona." Itsu- lii'Riti li:>u C. asb £.M. Co.— llaoarer, May 12:—" Have sunk No. 1 fehaft £3 feet, making total of IS feet from tutface; the lode continues good, rarrjinft green ana blue carbonate ore, a.'engine from sto t feet wide: will continue tinkle? this shaft to 6 J teex ana than CKXEcut Uavejmton four men to re pair winre at No. 4 ohalt, and expect to have every thing reads' eftj atom*) morning, when I will pat four mtn to drive on the course oi Uie iode.wniclt ia carry ing very rich preen carbonate." Voum E*?.r.B Oil. Cu —Hunger. May 12:— f?t, tvilb i-o chance to report except country (feWioe a IiUU- banter. No. 8 tunnel driven 6 tret, nein^ 60 teet from etitimnee. H*v* pat tu crosscut through ?Rt, vliich has (.hamjed greatly in appearauce, being: at tb'? r-cint composed ohictfy of t&mlttone;, and wit bout a trace cf gold in It Ko 3 tunnel has been extended 15 fi et iu a tou^b brown sl??e formation, with indications In the face at present oT cominiz Into easier jrrouud. In liickford's cnaft the contraclora have dunk a further distance cf ISteirtfor the week, leaking a total of Au feet oom{4et*d. out of tbeir 60 feet, tttth tliree eliifta at ?ork ; toti! depth from Mixiace, 47 feet At 43 feet a rref vts met underlaying to tbe cabtwan), wtiicbhaeDOu Itreacutthrough.aaau about 'J Ire t w irte. 1 h&w-; watlied some (air prospects of nice ehott} xo'd out c t tbe rabble, and albo oat of the drillings jso. 2 ?hfr!t f? down <>j.lWtfrora surface, tfct ocntractors Lavicc completed their M) (<!et. Tiiis Shaft requires box tunterUiK throughout, as niUithe e>(vptiun cf a ccufilr of tiebt liars, it U stf; slate with ertnty cla> joint* ; aJMr the timljeriP? Is completed I ?iU'cojitii-iif sintiug Hate driven ?oolh ou conne of rci 1 in bid uuderlay sbaft 33 feet without any iui imidi^n', Oie rn( txlne greatly biol.eo up and mfied Kith vuullock borcc, eo I h?\c taken the two b&r.dsfion;) tbtrc and coiuroenced No. S verticil shift, about 13 feet t>o!trfi-c*st from Wckforts thatt; thti will prove Die fsiue reefs as arc in Btckford'c bhaTt at agrvcter depth, and will act as a working sbaft in connection with it no as to secure good ventilation In oi erdrc up thoe c veins. 1 will also en-ploy the handj Jrrm ho. £ tunnel at this sbaft so as to lose uo time in gtltuiK it down " Kb? Lapv Arirr CM. Co.—Mmagcr, May T2: — "turirfrthepautottiiljrbt we have sunk the engine ctaafl7 ftet; total from surface. 7S feet. The pound we are in st present it tbe hardest we have bap, but I eitl^^ to pet through it before long as there in eonll liadtrsc! qu&r;'z cciniii): in and nukiuf water pretty (retly. Tfce muons have sot the boiler tililt to, and tile roof la oo ; all thst remains for the m??cn? to do Is the flue end t*w? ef ?t?ek. wflirii will l<e finished on TucaSay. Have a!so tested the battery i"o:ler with eatiiUctory results Am row lajirj' etsaai pipes In iu it oi-t to tbe thaft for the puiup." Mrj.T Kikaky S.B. Co.—Uaniger, May 12:—"I have gmt pleafune in informing you that ou Tuesday lIFt 1 was tr&:ir.j the lode on ofction 13610, when rear iu o cutcra boundar;' and about 10 chains from its t, ulhctn boondarj I louni aamt nl2t aiuga of i.'akrja. 1 at once turm-d-to to etc übat was t>e- Df&lh.; After brr?ku)p toreurh a hard cemented crutt of liicestoce we came upon a sp'cndil lode of paleca, frrry crv, and Iron atont 4 feet from the aur lace. To-dL\ we brofce tumj? of galnia and grey ore Juvt f-o much as ? man cocld lift. The lodr >ve?j;r* aicut 2 fi-tt (l imuHi wide, and ?t><jot P"") yards cut by coith of No. 3 shaft, but the avut lode that f>o 'J shaft Is on. Tlirre ban nothing been wn ir. Ihu jiiit of the uortb to t jail it; there is not tbe ita^tdout.tLutohentne'tiroparallelladeathat Ko £ and Ko S ehatta arc on converp- icto one loJe on the next tectioa there will be ootoir.c thia side ot BrokenUiltiorotnparc ?Itliit Webatealreadylhroirn oat about £ ton* ? ore. No ishnJt now du? n£l feet; t>o. S shaft, lo f?tte iuobe*. Tbe men were only three dfty? in No. 8 ?haft dnrinc tbe rttk. I have had oat rusn'workiiif; on the ?ooUi lode oa the cou'b sld" of wttic* 1117. oc a nice patch of gi'^u*. When we ftt jon the n.ain port of this lode 1 have no doubt It will turnouts cood ttin/ I would advise tiut tix men iinn be Jut on here at once." Uotu. Kr.r; klr- S U. C*\— Hanacer. May 11:—"In forwueic;; you ray uiual fortnurnily report I can cooentulate the dlreatori and *iareh.oJ3?? oa tae srr?llj ta,proved (mqiccti cf the mine, übich pro mlsea oocii to hecoine <Uiideod-r?;uz. I trust ?toitly to have a parcel of ore of ? hlrh qu&llir; ready tot dlEpstoh. The lo'Jcro n|t la m raanme at the work dcn? for the pact fortnight:—No. 1 toait—Tn? rite up frcna north drive Is now In IS fcet. The lone in (he face U IS iocbc* thick ot grey OR slto* iog chlorides rnely. ll&ieaUO;?tartedari*efrom the tintl: are at pruect up C :<et; country very fa^ora'jle for ore. Bare tftsaoDtumed No. t shaJt, and started the meo ?inking a main onderlar abaft abont 100 feet north of Ko. 1 shaft. We had a (boot of riab ore on tke surface; but at C Icet It ran across the ?baft, dipping eojtfc- It is my intention to continue this ehUt and drire tooth to cut the. ahoot of ore beise worked In ho. 1 abaft; and also to drive north to cut the ?hoot we staited on; frisi lit depth IS feet. Ko. S shaft— Present Ccpth abect S5 feet. There Is a splendll fonnatJon, tnt no ore worth savin);. Ore at present abed about ]t tea*.' Gaur Uc*. uu> G.M. O. Teetolpa.—Uuiafcr, week endt?g May IJ:—"lrooeiad ?halt now £0 tort 6 incites; senk durins; the week S feet, with good pros pect* ot coarse gold ?ad Msamih. 1 think we are on the tame foA mm that* ?pecbntaa that ?rere eshttiited. The wrM abaft u Si feet 6 inches; sank dar.ng- week Steete tsetses Watera mS atxmt Ore same h last rrportrd, gold and bttmath ahowtng freely In the rtcte Ore ailti for the sreek abont i tons " TrmirA Mi\>so +xn Ccvaana Co ilAQiftr, Miy It:—" I stsnad vasunt; up tbe batter)- ft or J o>. el ftiM),irWck ?a*a4w?rk when I took ebacet il your plant. Ith -n csraoed oot the boUe* and p>-sr baulrd all rooeeaUng' ioints and injector ;-pes. n> ptaxd Dtrr ecet, w some srere tctsilv a?te? a?r*y oa atcount of the bad water, and hat e D"^ two wells in each Ul4? for tilTtr: al^'i-iriii ontonrtaUinj-p*. I tUztti erasclne acain on Jlocaay. Tth lost, wih It cead stas?pets, lioth batWrie*. bat I found that 'it t-li£h ft;n:ji Is r.r£ cipabie of iaMX'jia. tre bcth bttteriea with waser, and xxk 6-inch pump wiU sot act tbt way It b put up. I atan bate tc uuVc some alwratiiMn M<on I can ntii ic; of ths pump, and ttis t aos now doing tz rnsbl* tx:e to keep the 10 brad of ?Unfrr? at work. LMarloethcwwk 1 have enubed with ose Uatlcry 11) tan for tbe jmt-Ue. the other batten! bare baa KOir.g on coo^.anj t acoonnt. Imt have not yet cleaned up. I have cow everything 03 a iair way of warklnr. sietexnaticalli. £ul ahaU *f^? *yt?^* IfWi* improve, mtitsto Kct'bttter yields and cm do<rn expeosaa." (Later)-" 1 am (rtad to be able to report tb?t icusee Smalfmn oo the ?blrs since the Imftoranrau hare betn made. 1 ate certain to have batter yield* ia fUiue. acd tave rverj hope of m?kiagiiMgcid-?tiing plant even In the rtate thimt* are at prascnt." GiateOL?Mi??o?t.B.HL Co.—May 16:—"Sinw comirmring opcrattorasj on the 0.0.10de the level has been dratted out for about 10* fathoms, rewduor to where the *uze oomss don from the OKI vcrkings aUne. Xke tna read ia thta le\?l U oos laid lor 8? fet*. and the farther Ujlnjr will I* poked oo as fast ss DMiWe M tt; ptsat end. The drive iateaded to oot the ooits-tastcra !od? it en in 4$ feat; I hope to oat Uw lode la another 12 fact. On tbe Viotoria loot, which is situated about the centre ot rear propert;. I bavc ccouQmoed to ttope the urtwu eod of tbe shaft a* the back of the lio tert lereL Tbe lode Is ot a most pramsiog character, composed of lead, red BOnau. and grey silver. It is dipping to saw east, and will go down tfcromrn tbe block of ground is tbe bottom level east of abaft. Tmasroood hast very ?pp*annoe ot turnine out ore ot pood quality. I have had aome rrotfiectliif work done on other parts of tbe mine with mod Indications, t shall shortly be i-iuing on more men, so as to go on with two tfal?a in placet where we are getting out ore. t consider the present '?bow looki very promising for the future." £t>ntJ ArsT?iUiN Mixixa asd Snanio Coxrjurr — Mining manager (Mr. W H. Jamea) reported to the London directors on Hay 12:—"BUonuo Mine. Engine shaft—The thaftmen hare placed the eastern Into position, and arc at tuwtut cngamd dropping the tew main mad. Tbe aaaUmra, io, wiodbora, workinKtarrel, Ac, were ordered t?o mooths since, bjkl bate not?el arrived. This has mAteriiUy retarded cor prepress. Bad ever} thing required for this work been forwarded as we anticipated we should h?\e bud all tit work fixed by this time, and have reaun-.ed the sinking-the ehaft, and works of develop mentWOTrtdhax-ebFenlnatorwardstate. The'O-fathoni level south was eit-nded 12 feet last month. A large portion cf the drive is etiU In tbe fooiwall, which con tlderably dimlniabea tbe average yield of ore. The wektem tide looks well, and indicates that we are drhirii; alonjtstaeagooa lode of ore. 60-fathom level tot.'th—The rtope south of wiore Is ylfldiap good dress ing wotk. worth for full width lode (to feet) IJ tons. S3 per cent ore per cubic fathom. Tn? party engaged BtGPtnR north ot winn have been len?thoniug the slope under tbe plat for the twofold purpose of securing the work acd giving better facilities far working. Thu etopc is wotth t tons ot Si per cent, ore per coble fathom. Tbe party engaged atoplnjr conn of tbe abaft are break ing a Unre quantity of good dressing work. The iode at this point is wide, ana tfce etope Is in good working- order. Worth 2 tons tS per cent ore per cubic fathom. 50 fathom level couth of winze and shaft—When not engaged other wire the shiftmen have been employed atoping here, aud have broken some rood dressing work. Tbe rtcpere north of wioze are ?"p*??'"?> good pngrext with tbeir work, and have saved and bagged a nice pile of hlgh-claa ore underground, wnlcn will only require to le crashed and aent to market. The machinery Is in good working order, and bia been running- mioothly. We forwarded 70 tons 10 mof average per oent ore to market last month, and the utors ue betas rapidly filled with couoentrated ores, bbbides which we have a good parcel awaiting to be cnithed. Next week we Intend to enlarge tbe ore floors to prrpare for sampling the next parcel. Toe dry weather has withered up all the feed In the neighbor, bood. The contractors are unable t> keep us sup plitd with fueL Wirrialpa mine.—The ahattmea engaged in deepeoing the south abaft are making rV.? headway, comldrrlu? the hardness of the country rock arid other difficulties in hauling stuff. The nouib end ot tbe shaft Is charged with silver tiid lead ores, which augurs well tor the future. As soou as we rtach a total depth of ISO feet from surface we pro pose driving out south to?-irds tbe lode. We have ? party engaged driving on the course of the lode Booth at the 60. The forcbrenst is impregnated witb lead. The rock ia exceedingly promising for mineril for about 1 foot above tbe bottom ot the level. Tbe lode U full width of drive composed of rich go?saa and galena showing tieh carbonates of lead. Dark Bill S.M. Oo.—Manager, May U:—"Pro perty now in fair working order. Ko. 4 shaft requires timlHririK lief ore sinking further. A man outtiro; timber for the purpose. No. 0 shaft ia down about 9 feet with lode, and we are raising the beat lookiug ore I have )et eeen on tbe mine. The ore from this shaft iam bagging. Have started men in cully between shafts Nos. 5 and e, and am [retting galena and iron ore. This would be tbe spot to drive tunnel into the Lill. llave cot done any thing in No (i ehatt, but will make a eiart shortly, as there is good ore iu tight. Ro. 1 shaft is now cleaned up, and wUI be able to etart wotk I hope very soon." fcoiui AibTUAUAS Prince Albert BM. Co.— Manager, May 12:—"Started five men ui>3n tbe com pany's property. Three are engaged in sinking a vertical shaft, v hicb 1 calculate will cot the lode at about 70 feet. One man is cutting timber whilst bullock ttuin is here, ar.d the other man co?teeniug where there are eonie fair patches of le*d ore. Storehouse and blacksniithV tbau are now GuUhed. Everything now is in pretty fair working- order, and ?Ith tbe exception ot Uie difficulty iu outlining water the work is going on smoothly." JrtrfTK* S 61. Co.—Messrs. Som & 00\. received the following telegram on Wednesday (rom tbe secretary iu Welooume;—"Manager Junction wires complete change 200 feet level north, Penglase, native silver showing right throueh face of drive In carbo nate of fead oro; assays from 400 to 1.200; ground soft. Apparently big body ore. Please exhibit." J'innacle Tnmcnt B,M. Co—Manager, May s:— '?The SOO-feel level nortb-west has been driven 4 feet fett 6 inches for the week, completing tbe 100 feet contract at this point. The faoe is looking very well. Tbe stopca are looking well, and we are now in a posi tion to raite the ore much cleaner than hitherto. Con centrates assay 40 per cent, lead, 60 ounces silver to the ton. The tailings assay in bulk B ounces silver to tbe too, but it must be understood that these tailings ore only failings pro leru . and as soon as the new ap !>Jiiix:e*?reiQ?KltbfcJiiUiUngtoouiijBt?rt?moT??iJver will be saved atd the present temporary loss recovered 2he uialu question uis> be considered accomplished, ?ir, lht ore can be concentrated. The remainder is only a question of mechanical contrivance to loonon.ioally effect this. We have now produced 6S tCEB cf rr.DLtntratCT averaging 40 per cent, lead and to oz. wlier. Thirty-four tone are etill on the ground, a&d; I cu eM^ctiiigr teams daily to take them away. A icsteniJDp; tremh in the north-east corner of Mock No. 2 has uncovered a large lode of ironstone of a veiy ptouiisisg nature, which bhould be a continua tion cl the Lady Bevy e" lode " O.K. Kike-Milk u. and L.M. Co.— Manager, Hay 12:—" The contractors have sunk 13 feet for the put fortci;:!*, mating total depth (nm the surface 63 feel. Ihe foiiiitri is cowytoeed of micaoeous schist and moic favorable for unking than it hu been In the past. A shaft 10 i 4 in the cletr tskkes more labor and exploeicce than a Mi'.iJlcr one. but when couiplttcd is much more advantageous for hsuliac cre,Ac- There arethnc> chifts of thred tueu each, and judging by the preeett prorrees, 1 hope to be dovrj the first no fett in about ti^ weeks The house and tilscktinitli'e tliop were finUlicl last Saturday. We are baviuc a nice fall of rain, and 1 lio|>e bsfure msur hours to see the tacit £Utd r.ith nater, a* a*. pittect v.c have to cut water for domestic use from tte Acacia Dam, a distance of 4 miles " IviEiju. BBOkEX Bill SU. Oo—Manager, bjteic gT:>)4;, May 14: —"BtronK w^terio main shaft. Sunk Its feet on new find; improvuip with depth." lir.fHrN UiLL I'Borni?iA?T l^ot* 10Oo— Manager, lta> 9:—"Main fhaltU now down lcfect Cinches from Eiufaoe. and we have fixed frame on the collar ofslialt Making 6CO feet of roadway U jastoom jJetert. Tenders were invited to sink and timber So. 2 ibaft SBO ftct. Contract has been signed and work ccn.iucnced at once " Bbokw Bitx J'nnr?iFTAitT Rloce it Co.— MaDt;?r:—" Main thaft—We are now cutting cistern plat at £00 K*t level, and doing- other occe?-ary work in connection with pumping plant; until this U com pleted all other work must stand in this shaft. South fhart—i4-Mevel south extended drive on foatiraU 7 1?1, making total of 110 fret face in hand ; carbonate ct lead mixed nith copper. Korth drive ou footwall extended 0 feet, making total ot 148 feet, noith drive on hanging-wall Ueinj; tirubared up to act as rrain krel Korth shall -Drive south on bougiDg-wall S feet, making a total of oi> feet; do charec on footwalL NotUi. 8 feet, total So feet; uo cLant.u. Uuderiay—Just let contract to drive on foot* all 100 (ttt to meet toutbdiive to north eaaft. M&cfcicery;—Had &U; the engines bat puuipin^* engine iunnic|;£aliifactory. No alterations of any sort re quind. All etrenpth |K?eiljlc to work to advintaze is no? on; ot pumpiDp plant everj- endeavor will be nude to get it in working order aa Boon as possible. We arc fettll thai o! some important puts of nsacbineiy, all ci which Li promised williiu a fort- Efeht." Co^HCiv-irrAN TB. Co.— Manager, May n:— "tinct my last report we hive procured all loj timto reqiuKd for foundation ot niachinery and p-pppet hcids. and have a laree quantity on the ground euit alrft for ar.y purpose thU may be required in the wine. B'e have dressed and fiied all f ouadatiou lozs for ihc eugit-e and poppet heads necessary, iwnlimr the uriiva! oi tl.c engine and other material U'e ere now tiikirs: in the scaiiowtof Ko. 3. The lode continues at tut the nmc ; Etill carries a srood eho? o! tin. Terdi i? for C-Oi-' tone o! fucnocd will be acsepUd dur ing tlie nicuii -j. wttk." 