MARK VERNON. OJIAPTER X. WAs the place sunny, bright, beautiful yet ? Did the pleasant southern life go on to the sound of musio by the blue sea. It did not soeem to Milly as if there wore any brightness left; all had become dark and oheerless. Saltiro was gone. Milly had not seen him again after that ttlk in the cloister, only Horatia had men tioned as a casual matter of little import ance that business had called Sir Harry back to England. That appeared impos sible to Milly at first-impossible that the great radiant centre of life had gone away indeed, and that no one should take more account of it--tlhat the circumstance shouid be mentioned as a natural thing not particu larly affecting to anybody. Her heart rebelled against it at first. No, no, nol-ho could not have gone away, quite gone, without another word; he mniet be coming back just to say that he was going. Tihe whole place, existence itself, was full of hIris presence; it could not be utterly withdrawn. Yet the conviction soon deepened on her mind, the dreadful event was true, the blank could not be mistaken, it was more real than anything else in the world. Those last hurried words had been final. And there was no voice to say," Rejoice, you have escaped I You have beeoon stopped abruptly on thie highway to despair." There seemed to fall upon lher the hopoloss ness that dreads no more boonase it desires no more. Utterly forlorn and miserable sho wandered about like a little ghost, and Travers noted her with a smile, seeing tIhe shroud get higher and higher every day. "I expect you are getting homesiOck," said that good-natured person.. "No, nothing is thie matter with me," said Milly wearily. " Everythling is tIhe same to me at home and abroad." She could not care, she could not pretend to care, for all this now, and Travers' eyes once more fastened on thIe shroud. The Grants had had enough of Bareoolona by this time, and Milly was neither glad nor sorry to leave it. They travelled south wards again, visited Madrid, and Milly felt only like tie "tired child at a show." She saw the great pageant pass before hbor eyes, hardly asking what it was. Gleaming hills, shining rivers, glowing pictures, gorgeous palaces, overything was blurred by the tears that dimmed her eyes, and were repressed before they fell. So with days of weary wandering tihe time passed by until October came, and Miss Grant deolared herself ready to turn her stops towards England again and face the winter in her northern home. ..Milly felt as if she had lost the power of rejoicing, yet there was some relief in the thought of going back; at any rate Saltiro was in Englaud, she hoard; thorowith all the thoughts of Mark and of her parents, tiho old, old stories, banished of late, rushed over lher again. What was sie to do? How was she to go back and live tie former life and not lot it be seen how changed she was ? How could she possibly satisfyMark Vernon, satisfy them all ? And then came a rapturous lettor from poor Mark all about her return. He was counting the houlrs, it appeared, every one of which seemed to him like the stops of Jacob's ladder leading to heaven. Poor Mark I She would have pitied him if her sympathlies had not been so coneoon trated upon her own feeoolings just now. At any rate her feelings had not much influence on thoemotions of thie little travelling oeom parny, and one fair autumn day they set out for the north. Milly seemed to be picking up all the Sthoughts she had loft behind as they went back through thie Pyronees into French territory again. She felt now more Ioonly than ever the great change that had come over her since she had gone that way. Then a vague dream, half-bright, half-terrible, had hovered over her like a cloud. Now tie cloud had broken and was dronoching her withll pitiless rain. ' And yet as sio came nearer to England, something like hope was roused in her . againm;,t the thought that at any rate she should soo Saltiro once more, shone over her, changing afresh the faeoo of her world. A weary journey, an uncomfortable time of tossing in thIe OChannel, a great deal of peevishness on Miss Granut's part (sihe thought that whatever happened to other passengers at least she ought to bo safe from sone-sickness), and then a littlo rest in arapid English train, brought them :olne more to London. ' l They were to stay there a day or two for sobmo business of Miss Grant's, and then Sthey were to ." go homoe ;" the sound of it Sfrightenoed Milly.. ..,:.... ..: The IEngglsh foields looked. diugy enough from the train, she thought';, tile horeo chestnuts and bushes were :all yellow and brown and tumbling to pieces; the othler Stiroes were beginning to change, and thle day was wet qnd misty, making the coloured leaves sodden and leaving no autumn glory rin tlio:woods. London itself looked the homoe of all dinginess and mud, and jostling ,woet umbirellase ilnd drenched omnibuses-of all prose miseries in short. "It makeos oer long to turn round and ':run bhacl again," said tIoratia, laughing, as Ia ho was handed to her carriageo at thIe station. , Indeed, the capital of England was not pleasantly impressi\o that afternoon. It can wear the most smiling of welcomes, but not when you are returning from poetical lairuds of sunshine, and chaugoeul hues, and languid grace, to a busy, muddy, intensely practical place, with its struggles and its bricks and its monotonous lines of dingy houses. And yet as we live on and learn more of the trngio tone true poetry must take in this world of oars, we find a desper, truer puthos in the poetry wrung from tIhe realities of lives struggled through in that :dingy tumult than in our auushiny wandor uings whoere skies are blue. To Milly however London was presenting itself neither in its pootical nor its practical aspect just thenou. It was only thIe scono of a grent possibility that she might here meet Snaltiro again. S8ihe was in the cab rattling along tihe streets with Travors opposite to her, talking 'to her about thie pleasures of getting homo "hgain to a regular fire and a oup of tean, though travelling had boon very pleasant 3aud very free from anxiety, as iher mistress' diamonds lhad boon left safely at the baunkor's. To-morrow the maid would have to take them out, and then all this "anxiety" would begin again, and the smile was as peculiar as usual, and the eyes glittered oddly as she talked on in her soft " genteel " tones. The gas had been starting into lifo in long pale rows in tile streets through which they passed, thle shops were all shining brilliantly, and plenty of people soeemed to be out defying the weather. Mrs. Grant's house, when they reached it, lhad a decidedly " shut-up," out-of-the season, effect about it; the great drawing-room and reception.rooms were all closed and veiled in brown holland the chandelier in the hall looked dirty, anud was unlighted; but bright fires shone in the smaller rooms and bedrooms, and the weary travellers could rest pleasantly by the open hearths of their own land. The next day Travers weont off in good time on her mission about the diamonds, and Mrs. Grant had a long interview with her lawyer, who felt himself in duty bound to communicate a great many details refer ring to Miss Grant's approachling majority, to which Mrs. Grant listened with an affeooting certainty that it was hopeless for her to try to understand anything about it. When at last the conscientious and fruitless struggle was over and Mrs. Grant was trying to compose herself for a refreshing nap, a note was brought to her, at which Horatia glanced. "It is from Harry, mamma. Is he in London ?" she asked, and Mrs. Grant opened and road. The note was short enough, at any rate. "Dear Mrs. Grant,--If you are spending a few days in London just now, you would oblige me very much by seeing Mr. Adamson (you remember him) for half-an hour to-morrow." This was all, except Adamson's address, and a request that Mrs. Grant would let him know what time to call. "My dear Horatia I more of this horrid business I" Mrs. Grant bemoaned herself gently. "And I've had two hours of it to day already I What a sad thing it is to be a widow." " COans't be helped, mammal I wonder what he wants I" and Horatia looked in some vexation at the note, which had ven tured.-to conelude without any sign of homage to herself. "What time will you see him ?" " Oh I any time-before lunch perhaps, and then get it over. I know I shan't have the least idea what he means. I never can understand these, things, and it's very awkward. One doesn't know what answer to give; I'm sure to make some absurd mistake." "I shall not, mamma, so do not trouble yourself about that." "But, my dear child I you can't be in the room. "Indeed. I cau, mamma. I have some curiosity to know'what this Mr. Adamson has to say, and I shall certainly make a point of being present." Mrs. Grant made no reply; she never could find a reply when Horatia " made a point" of anything; but after a great deal of sighing and lamenting, Mr. Adamson was asked to call at half-past twelve next day, and Milly's heart boegan to flutter when she heard the voice of Saltiro's friend in the drawing-room. Mr. Adamson, spruce and carefully attired as over, was clearly fooling himself at a dis advantage. He came in puuctually, but there was no readiness in his manner as lie bowed to tile ladios; his bland air and happy little chuckle seemed quite to have desorted him; he was at a loss for a begin ning of speech, and especially glanced at Horatia, as though thalt stately presence addotled a weight to his burden and completed his discomfiture. Mrs. Grant welcomed him with a resigned smile, a condoleneoo on the had weather, a kind suggeostion that hlie should sit near the fire, inwardly relieved at the thought that lhe had brought no papers with him, and that more talklr, without horrid things in cramped writing to look at and sign, could not be half so bad. Horatia bowed silently, and observed Mr. Adamson's ombarrassmoute with some wonder. She would have wondered more if she lhad known him better. He was eos sentially a dexterous man, a man who had a genius for intrigues and arrangements and compromises and the settling of quarrols to the satisfaction of everybody, and other moral conjuring tricks. But then, moetaphorically as well as really, his hands were always elean; his intrigues wore honest, his compromises fair, his lies few auidwhito. He had hardly ever felt ombarrassed in his life, but then he had hardly over had the managing of a matter of which lie was ;ashamed. That dreadful Saltiroe I How was it possible to wvork for him and not have soriuse to blush ? Mr. Adamson biushed as. lhe paueoed, and was at a loss how to begin, audi thenu felt his difficulty all the more keIenly:;: aslid it was Mrs. Grant who began at last, and suggostetd " I lhad a letter from Sir Harry yesterday, Mr. Adamson, telling me you would hindly call; that was why I said half-past twelve. I thought business was best in the morning, though really it always is such a puzzle to me. I fear you will find me sadly stupid. Perhaps my daughter will help me." " Thero is no comiplication of a business kind, Mrs. Grant, I assure you--morely a little explanation, unfortunately only too clear. Thero is not the least cause--I cau not invent the smallest excuse--for detain ing or troubling Mliss Grant," and lie looked acnoross at the young lady hIoping she would go, but it was not possible to move the heiress. "Thanks," she said, "I've nothing else to do," and she took up some work and leant back luxuriously, not doing it. " Though the matter that brings me hero, Mrs. Grant," Mr. Adamson continued, ad dressing her pointedly, and gaining a good deal moro volubility fromn irritation against Hloratia--" though this matter is so simple that a child might understand it, unfortu natoly it is of a distressing, a poouliarly dis tressing, naturo. I fear that I shall alarm you, my dear madam, when I say that this communication I have to make refers to Sir IHarry Saltire-that I am charged by him to make it. But I do assure you that so re pugnant is it to my own feelings to explain suoh circumstances that I must have de olined the commission had I not felt that my refusal would throw the task upon him, to whom it would naturally be more painful still." ?', ,. .: "Really you make me quite nervous," oxclaimed Mrs. Grant, taking out her hand kerchief, as prepared for the worst. "Pray Mr. Adamson, explain yourself." Horatia toyed with her work with a dis play of indiffereuce. "I must tlhen spcak with a plainness, an abruptness, that I would avoid my dear madam if I could. Sir Harry Saltiro's affairs have been in my hands from his childhood, from tile time of his lamented father's death, when his son was not more than twelve years old. I have always felt deeply interested in him, left an orphan as lie was at that most dangerous ageo, and exposed to all tile temptations incidental to wealth, youth, and genius. He has been a friend rather than a client. I have done my utmost for him, but lhe is a man most hard to control." A proud smile lighted IIoratia's face for a moment; site had controlled him, sheo thought. "From the first he was carelessoa of money; that carelessness grew with hIis growth till it became extravagance, or rather what I must be allowed to call culpablo reckless noss, about his affairs. Of coureo"-Mr. Adamson was falling from his stilts as he pursued the subject-" I worked like a horse for him; no merit to me-it's my duty. But who can save a man that won't be saved ? Saltiro seemed positively to have an objection to being well off-positively be preferred difflliculties, and of course they thickeoned round hIim. Thero's nothling grows so fast." Mr. Adamson, who had got a little heated and carried away by his subject, paused to reo-collect himself, antd glanced at the ladies. MIrs. Grant was loolking at him with tihe ruminating expression natural to Iher. IIoratia appeared to be scornfully indifferent. "But with all this reckleloss conduct I nued not remind you tlhat Sir Harry Saltiro is a mani of honour. When he first had the happiness and distinction of being received on intimate terms in your house, he-" Mr. Adamson fishlod for the whitest lie that would do hero; he likled thtem whito--" ie really did not lookl upon hIis affairs as in an irretrievably bad condition." Was there not truth hero ? Had Saltire not thotught of relieving them by the help of Horatia ? But more must be said, and blacker lies had to follow. "Had he felt then the hopoloseness of hIis position as he feeools it ntow, you may be sure he would have openly stated it to you, rinadam. Thie beauty and attractiveness of some ladies would acquit any man of lower motives in seeking their sooiety. I need not assuro you that Sir Harry is above sue piciou it this respect." Having thus vaguely indicated his worst fib of all, Mr. Adamson made a great gulp and went on more easily. " MBost unlhappily ihe is roused when it is too late to the terrible nature of his situation; he finds himself desperately involved ruined, in fact; to add to his wrotchedness, he fools hIimself plaeod in a false position with regard to a lady for whom his feelings are of a nature to which it would be im pertinonooe in me to allude." Horatin gave another little scornful smile. Poor Mr. Adamson, who really felt ex tremely miserable over the whole business, proceeded to explain hIow Saltiro felt that he owed this lady's mother a full explanation of his affairs, lwhich would boest be com munisated by one who Iknoew them only too well. And thouen he drew at full lenougth a dismal picture of Saltiro's situation, and how his estate must be sold, and utter ruin probably ensue. The fot was, that tlhings were almost as bad asno Adamson made out, only he did hope to save something out of the fire, and keep Saltiro's head above water yet awhile; but the darkest view had to be dwelt upon under the circumnstances, as Saltiro hIad decidedly told hIis friend that hoe would sooner be burnt now than marry Miss Grant. " You must go no l get me off my bargain, Adamson," he said with his usual coolness. And what was the poor man of business to do ' Argumentand entreaty wore equally wasted on this had subject, as hle know only too well, and what could be made of the matter but a showy retreat with a great deal of trumpeting and prohlaiming that this was the only hlonourable course opeu 2 A little fear of womanly generosity on Mliss Grant's part did come over him; but shteo prided horself, as eso said, on not mixing business and sentiment together, and was composed and free from oenthusiasm to the last degree. Mrs. Grant had retired bohind her hand kerchief to shod a few tears. Horatia saved her the trouble of answor ing; she glaunced over her shoulder at Mr. Adamson, not troubling lhersolf to turn towards him, saying in a patronising tone " Thanks very mtth, Mr. Adamson; I am sure my mother will think over what you have kindly explained. At present she is too'muchl agitated, I dare say, for any thing of th? kiild. Shall you be likely to see Sir Hlurry 8.ltLiro ? If so, perhaps you would kinudly tell himu we slsall hopo to see him this ovoiting." Mr. Adattmssti undertook the commission, and dleparted, marvelling muchl at the young lady, but niot marvelling at all, seeing what an admirably sensible person she was, that Saltire htad thrown away his last chance rather than be her bondsman any longer. " If Saltiro had met with an hoiress who oared for anything besides horself," he thought, "it might have turned out better; but as it is I Iknow it could never come to good." The refleootion on hIis own wisdom'wasne naturally soothuing, and he wont on his way briskly through theo muddy streets. " Oh, my dear ohild," Mrs. Grant began as soon as they were alone, " what will booecomo of uS ? What will your uncle say '? " "I dare say we are quite as capable of sensible thought as my unolo, mamma. Never mind; we shall not any of us break our hearts, aund you must not mato your head naho. I will ring and ask for some sal volatile," " But, Hloratia, what is to be done ? You can't marry him, you Iknow. Mr. Adamson sees it; lie sees it himself, poor follow. You can't marry him." Miss Grant paused a moment. " Perhaps not," she answered; " but I shall be able to tell you better when I have thought it over." And consigning her mother to the care of an attendant, sheo swept out of the room. Iu her own boudoir was Milly, arranging some trifles with trembling fingers, for the appearance of Saltire's friend had agitated the poor little foolish thing. Miss Grant glanced at her, not seeing her, however, and sat down "to think." But that was difficult, and shlo preferred doing so aloud to somu humble confidanto as Adelaide, or even Milly. The girl, who was gliding away, was stopped as Horatia, loolking up with a half-smilo, said " Milly, what a blessing it is not to be soentimental I If I were osentimental I should be just now weeooping and tearing my hair (poor Travers 1), or making up my mind to be faithfully wrotched all the rest of my life. But, not being sentimental, I avoid all these ways of malking myself foolishl and disagroee able." Milly faltered something about being very glad. She did not Imnow what she meant. And then she maintained as placid an appearance as seo could, receiving the ex pression of Miss Grant's noble sentiments without betraying any emotion. It was rather difficult when Horatia began to speak of Mr. Adamson's business, for every mon tion of Saltiro was the probing of a wound. She listened, turning red and white, and shaking secretly. Happily the speaker's sympathies wero very much confined to horself. "I was surprised, of course," pursued Hioratia, loftily, after indicating the style of hdamson's revelations. " But I am not a romantic person; I lookl upon things in their real light, I believe. I put things to myself plainly, without womanish wealk noessos. I say to myself, if Sir Harry Saltire has boon extravagant in the past he may bo so again in the future, and I certainly do not feel myself the sort of person that would do for a poor man's wife. I do not pretend to be sentimental about money any more than about other things, not that I'm fender of it than other people, but I know what it is worth and how much comfort depends upon it, and that it buys me a great many things I've no inten tion to go without. Besides, extravagance means a groat deal tlhat is anxious and worrying, and if you do condescend to bo long to a man he ouglht to save you from worry at least. I don't intend to halvo a husband who will give me trouble. I have my ideal of what a husband ought to be some one who will devote himself to taking care of me, and standing between me and anxiety. Unless I can get that I shall not have one at all. That is always my way; if I cannot got exactly the thing I want I take nothing. I always say that at shops. If the men are trying to press things on me that are not what I meant, I always say, ' I am not fanciful; I euow exactly what I want. If you have it I take it; if you haven't it I take nothing at all.'" So she prattled on, and Milly, trembling and listening, felt something like hope dawning again in her heart. Hope comes and goes like light; when it fades it takes all the colours with it, and everything booecomes black and indistinct. Now defi nitonoss seemed returning to Milly's lifo. She could soee something again that was not mourning aud shrouded. Horatia con tinued "My unolo too. I have a letter from hhm this morning, warning me against being imprudent. He is quite devoted to me, my unolo is I His own girls are quite jealous of me.. I do believe, though ho is a most affectionate father, I come first with him, and he tells me he shall never koow a moment's peace if I fulfil my engagement. Of course I should not allow anyone to dictate to me; I now my own mind too well. But this shows what is the opinion of a person who knows a good deal of the world and thinks a good deal of my happi ness." Always that refrain. " My happiness," " best for mo," till Milly was worried into desperation. " But Sir Henoury," she suggested timidly. "His happiness," and tho words choked her. Horatia laughed a little conscious laugh; the observation was only complimentary to her. "Oh I of course he is bound to be miser able, poor fellow fI I can't take oars of him; that would be reversing the parts a little too much for my taste. After all, it's his own fault; he ought to have beeoon more careful. And then there is this war coming; lie will most likely join his regiment again and go off to the East." She was haughtily secure that theoro would be no other consolation for this dis carded lover of hers ; hlie might set glory or the grave before him to oeffaeoo the impros sion of such a loss, that was all. H-oratia estimated horself at a very high value, and she had beeoon told so often that the estimate was corroot' that she could not have a mis giving on the subject. She was the KIoh-i noor; no other gem could fill up the setting from which she was torn. Milly's heart was almost choking hor; she, too, had that vista of fighting and dos pair before helor as Saltiro's possible future; but it was for another causo--the loss of another love. Ioratia found Milly's company all she wanted tl?ht afternoon, and lkept her liston ing to long monologues till late in the day. The twilight had cropt up outside, and the firolight was flashing upon Horatia's rings as sheo locut back in her chair toying with heor screeoou. Milly, seated on a little stool at her foot, lot thle work drop from her fingers and looked liher hands tightly to gether-so tightly that Mark's ring hurt her. 1\Iark's ring I Her thoughts were wandering strangely; she started violently at a lInool at the door, sand rose in a flutter to open it. It was a servant with Sir I-Harry Saltiro's card; hIe was waiting in the little drawing-room, the man suid. Hilly gave up the card, not knowing how she did it, and IHoratia laughed, anud sat turning the little white thing in her hands and lingering as if now, at last, sho could not make up her mind to carry out her common-senseo views. Sho hold the name to the firelight, looked at it, and sighed a little; she indulgod horsoelf in a little compassion for the poor man who was to be so severely visitaed for his sins. She did not fool inclined to hurry; she was used to causing others to wait for her; meanwhile she wasi taking off the ring she woro for Baltiro's osakno; she tookl a casket from the table at her side and began look ing for a ring-casoe ; she would give it him in that, then he could not makel too much fuss about it. Some. "fuss," of course, sho would like, but not too much; she know to a hair's breadth how much would satisfy her, and how much would be troublesome. "You can go down and toll Sir Harry I am comining," she said carelessly to Milly. It might be good for him, shelo thought, to let off a little excitement upon a footstep that was not hers. But Milly did not move. It seemed to her as if the words weoro too tremendous to be real. Sho to be sent into his presence again I It was not possible I " Say I'm coming, please," said Horatia, not looking at her. Milly thought she could not move for a moment, and yet she found horself going towards the door; then she had closed it softly behind her, and was standing by the stairs. Dared she ? could she go into thle room knowing that ho was there ? Ah I could eho hoop away ? She weont down slowly-slowly feeling overy stop. She stood a moment with her hand upon tile door. Something was chok ing her. Was it that phautom shroud rising higher and higher ? Somebody was coming along the passage, and in a sudden fear she opened the door. She was in the room with him. The tail figuro standing theoro in tile firelight started and came towards her with a little exola mation " Milly I" He was holding her hand, and looking down into her flushed, frightened face. He went on rapidly, as if fearinginterruption " MIilly you know why I am hero ? You know that I have come to be set free ?" " Miss Grant told me to say she would be hero directly," Milly whispered. " She is very good. A little explanation will set all right betwceen us, and theno Milly-Mlilly, have you forgotten what I said in the cloisters at Barcelona ?" " Forgotten I" She started and looked up, and in a moment his arm was round her, his voice whispering in her ears "You are mine I you are mine I" (2'o be continued in our next.) 