THE NEW HEBRIDES. LECTURE BY THE REV. D. M'DONALD AT CHALMERS CHURCH, On Tuesday evening, at Chalmer'n Church, Uio Rev. D. M'Doualu, of Ilavanunh Harbor, dviivered a lecture on Tiie Ilintoriejx nnd Com mercial Aspects of tho Now Hubrides to nn in- terested audienco. Tho ohnir was taken by the honorable (ho Minister of Education, Professor Pearson, who wan supported on tho platform by Bnron Von Muuller, President, and Mr A. O. M'Donald, Secretary of tho Geographical Society; Anderoon, M.L.A.,- Rev. J. G, Patnn, Rev. A. Hardin, DrMacGibbon and Dr MTnurnoy, President No. l Braucli of tho Australian Natives Asso ciation. Professor Pearson, In taking tiio chair, said he was not going to tnako a speech, tor ho hna come, like thoy all had cuuiu, to listen to Mr M'Donald, He had no doubt tlmt what Mr M'Dcnald would say would bo mora interest ing than anything ha'(Frofeesnr Pearson) could sny. Ho, howovor, thanked Mr Ander son for associating him with a work of tlmt kind. ' Although his occupation and work, for year past, had been Hcctilar education, yet he could most heartily sympathise, and did bo, with tho work mis sionaries -were doing all over tho world, — (Choots)— and ho did not kuow of anywhere whoro missionaries were doing hotter work thon thoy woio in tho South Sea Islands. It was a lamentable fact tlmt at civilisation advanced tho tendonoy was for tho native population tu decrease. Tradora brought with thoin gunpowder and gin, two tiring tlmt) had detrimental effects u|>on the native in habitants. If tlu»y could bo left under tho in fluence of miBsiouarics, suoh us tho admirable John Williams and others liko him, antougsb whom bo would name Bishop Patorvun— if such men could be in oharge of the native, ho was confident it would bo highly conducive to their prosperity in every direction. Ib was well known that wherever tho Protestant mis sionaries had gone— and he might say tho samo of tho Catholio missionaries— thoy had carriod with them the brat fruits of civilisation ns woll as of religion. Tho scientific world as well as tho religions world was alao consider ably indebted to tho missionaries for the fruits thoy bad gathered in distant countries. It was tho missionaries who had bean tho first to collect tho dialects, and thn native language", stirring up appreciable wealth for tho philo logist and other sciontUts from distant countries comparatively unkuowii to the world. Mr M'Donald would toll thorn more thniLthe ordinary missionary could do, nnd Iris work hod besti ono of deep interest to Australia. Australians could not consider tho Now Hebrides as uf no interest to thum. Whatever a Minister had chosen to sign away In a misguided moment thero wero three nnd a half millions ol population here who would'con- tinuo to demand that tho New Hebrides must bo oventally joinad to Australia. (Cheers). His hope was tlmt auoli union would bo accom pliahed without strife or turmoil, and, that one island after another would, an thoy becum o colonised, ask to be joined to this continent. Muanwhilo, they could have no hotter pro- cursors, or men bottor fitted to educate tiie natives for enjoying frco constitutions, Mum gentlemen like Mr M'Donald. Professor P osreou then introduced tho lecturer of -the ovouing. Tho Rov. Mr M'Donald proceeded to do liver hi lecture ah follows, hiring greeted, oh ho did so, with applause from nil over thn room : — It is now well on for 300 years since thn Spanish navigator Qitiros (1G00) discovered Santo, tho most northern of tho islands of tho New Hubrides. Supposing ho had hit upon the shore of n groat continent, he hastened back to Eurnpn and gavu an account of iris dlftunvnry, which ( does moro honor to Iris imagination than Iii veracity. He called the snppoFcd continent Ticrro Australia die Eqnritu Santo. After nn interval of rather moro than a century nnd a half, thn French naval officer Bougatuvjllo sailed through tho northern part of the group, nnd Iris name is preserved in that of thoStrair, twenty nrilos wide, bbtwoen Snnto nnd Mallicolu. To thu islands forming tho nortli-unutcrn part of thn group, which are visible from this strait, ho f;avo the names of Lepers Island (though it ins no taiiere), Aurora and Pentecost ; the little islo lying in tho strait being dignified or deformed by tho tremendous namo of Uaint> Bnrtholomow. "If theso navigator, with their exaggerated descriptions and fantastio nomenclature, may bo held ns representatives of tiio highly imaginative Latin or romance races tho junly. renowned Cook, who catno aftur thorn, may bo regurded os a typical Anglo Saxon. lie dlficovored tho central and southern islands of tho group, nnd gavo or ascertained the names by witioit wo now know them. To the whole group, whose extent and position ho was the firat to ascertain, ho gave tho namo of tho Now Hebrides. The truthful ness to nature, tho loyalty to fncfc, and tho keen intelligence .which had tiegua to be developed in tho stem school of nn English dolltor, nod which had gradually raised him to a position of honor in the British navy, tho grandest naval service that ever sailed the bens, sliino in every ontonco of Cook' ac- conntof the islands and people of the Now Hebrides, while thft general humanity of his dealings with tho inhabitants, and Iiln . large- minded toleranco of tholr ftometunra aggravat ing or dimly unduretood peculiarities were worthy of ttio honuut-, truthful, kindly man, whom wo are proud to rccogniao us a typo of his race. The Now Hebrides, which nro distant about 400 miles from Fiji, and about 1000 miles from Now Zculnnd,N«w Guinea, und the Austra lian coast, lit-, if a line bo drawn through this southern part, directly bctwemi Fiji and Aus tralia; if through tbeir northern part, directly between Fiji and Now Guinea ; while the cir cumference formed by thn eastern coast of Australia, and n lino drawn from Melbourne to New Zealand, and on to Fiji And Now Guinea, includes tho New Hobridos within it. A fair consideration of these facts hIiows that our Noumean friends are not able to mako out tho overwhelming geographical arguments for French nunoxation on wlrioh they principally or whclly rented their contention, This argu ment of proximity immediately raiBCH thoqura- Mon, to what? And tho ouswor is, solitary, paltry, convict New Caledonia on the ouoh&nd;, with its few thousand oltizenR, that can not much increase ; and, on tho other hand, grand nnd multitudinous Australasia, with it out liers, with its 3 or 4,000,000 citizens, and their prospective increase at no distant date to 100,000.000. Tims this nrgumont, considered tit tlie light of the relation, importance, num ber, character, magnitude, and population of the adjacent iwpsrasions or vested interests of the races of Britain nnd Franco respectively, is ovcrwhobningly in favorof the contention of Australasia as against that of Now Caledonia. I should venture to remind our friends in Noumea nf a proverb much used by a people who of old had very friendly relations with France, nud who though they havo taken as tholr proud motto>J\Tr»io vie impune lacesslt, yet recognise with duo caution tlie wisdom nf " lotting alooping doug lie." Snuio very ugly "douga might bo wakuned up wero \vo_to inquire seriously as to tiio mannur in which "Now Caledonia was seizod . by its present posKcssors, or tho use they liavo made, and are making of ft, Tho Now Hebrides gronp of islands extends in tho direction of the trade wind, south-east to north-west, nearly 400 ' miles from thu one extremity to the other, and crmsista of eleven principal islands, anna number of tslota in their neighborhood. Tho eleven are, beginning from tlie south, Anoityum, Tama, Eromanga, Efate, Epi, Ambryui. Mollieolo, aud Bantu, and eantward of tuo last two, Obn, Aurora, and Pentecost, Of theso Ancityuin is tho 'smallest, 40 nrilcs in ciroumferenco ; Mnllicolo and Santo tho largest, tho lattor 180, tiio former ISO miles in circumference. The other.; ruiiRo from CO tu 80 miles In circumference. Many of ttio islets nro by nu menns unimportant. Geologically the islands are of volcauic origin, have been raised out of tho sea in successive upheavals, and aro surrounded by u coral fringe. The islands are mnuntamoiiR, the highest ou Santo reaohiog to 7 or 80OQ foot. Slight shocks of earthquake are not Infrequent. The three fetill active .volcano are those of Tama, near wlrioh sulphur ts found, and those of Ambrym and Topovl. In some places the soil is thin, though rioh ; in others It la both rich and deep, like the deep riah suit of the volcauic hills of tho Western District of Victoria. Some of tho inlands are muoh mora forlilo than others. Seen front tho sea thoy present the aspect of luxuriant vegetation, diversified here and there with open grassy looking spaora. Theso grasses nro coarso nnd rmilc, not fit for cattle, out as thoy nrc burned off every yonr to obtain the wild yam that grows among them good grasses could eiurily bo sown. Some of tho forma of vegetable lifo are very beautiful, as tho many varieties of croton, ferns and palms, Some of the plants are known to possets poisonous, aud sums medical qualities. A variety of the kauri pinois found in 'con siderable quantities in Aneityuni, and a oom- pany-has boon formed in Sydney whioh ha a team sawmill at work there. The largo Islands of Mollicolo aud Santo may probably contain largo tracts of well timbered oouotry In their interior parts, which eeeut entirely un known. . Tho group teems to havo been nearly completely stripped by the old sandal wood traders of trie nandal wood, . L70,000 wtrth of which is said to l)avo been obtained frdm Eromanga alone. The discovery of gold on Santo has been reported, aud also that of the ruins of'an ancient olty there. But wm it also not reported not long 6 that men with tails had -been discovered in New Britain? Befona Amanitas been long In tho Bciith Seas he lesrne that in tho "yarns" of those that sail in .ships there is a large poetlo ele ment. Is U tbst the vast mysterious poean stlre up the human imagination into activity? However, there ie nothing improbable in the iqeaol gold being found in Santo. The islands afford an abundant and varied supply of food plants, Tho yam and taro,: which are.OMrefuuy cultivated, grow to pence-: tion, and pre,-' equal in every way, if not 'superior/ to the potato, to which the climate: fa riot adapted., ' xarnl .can' be parobosod' fori lid a ton. : e oemmon. English vegetables, as; the rabUgitod'Outomtar,:j(TOW welli and. 'eVtofjnpMtavebMotaooeMfully.trled. 'The' street potato flourishes.- The iienana, sugar, ea⁢ bread fruit, and ooooe&ut;— there being many varieties of cnnli— all grow <o perfection, and rcqufro httle or no labor for their cultiva tion. By tho creation of o Hum market, und the neann of collection, thn Now Heluidcs oonld oseily supiriy to Australia immense quantities of bananas and pineapple. It is BUppo-orl that upwards of 10U9 (ou of copra—' the dried Jcui net of ttio cocoanut— -sro now, by thn present Imporfi-ct aur uncertain inothiKln, ccllcotud in ami Bfnt from tiio group Minunlly. Tho coir, nr filirou Ituri; of the cocoanut, n vuluublo articlo of commerce, is nt, present thrown away. Tho piopumiion of copra for thn mnrkot requires no skill and almost uo labor. Tho qaMves throughout tho group require only proper cncouraguinont aud u euro market to induce them to vastly inoreaw tho qunntity which a fow of them now prepare for Hid to thu Kuro|>t'an copra maker or collector, in passing througli Sydney last month I won utfurined that It has burn dincovnrod that from the cocoanut kernel and elnril a brilliant non-poiaouou gas can ho inndo, and that "nearly twelve times tho valun of gas is pro- duccd from c>xioanut nud other similar hub- Btaticus in thu snino time, with tiio icuno uinoimt of fuel, aud thu untnu lbor, would bu obtained from coal." If this ho ho tho Now HoUndou for thuir coeonmttaalouuivtllbuimmnr.Holy valuablo commercially. Other plants are iudlgenoua to tho ishmds, besideu thiMu meittiooud, aud tiio arrowroot, which grow wilJ in great nbund- ancc, i cuiiHidorcU not inferior to the beat in the world, whether for household or medicinal usos. Generally anything proper to a ircuical climate will flourish to imrfection thero. Cot ton growing has boon tried aixteeu years ngo, and did wull. Mnizo has been succeuifully tiled, and could bo grown nnd oxiwrted to Australia in uny quantities. Within the last ten year tho coifee growing indittry hna as sumed a position ot first importance in Efnte. Six year ago I brought up a specimen to Mel- bourne from tho GHsuau plantation, nnd it wo pronounced by export to ba excellent. To bacco will probably do well. The boob abomid with li-rii, of which tiie native havo a wonderfully comprehensive knowledge, and which they nro expert in catching, a whaling station exUtod for n long timo on Aneityum, and L2000 worth of oil linn boen obtained in a year. In singular contrast with the varied ana luxuriant vegetation of tho islands is thn paucity 'of forms of untiual life. Tiie New Hebtidian snake is ol small site, lethargic, ami not poisonous. The cockatoo, which reaches to tlie Solomon Islands, in unknown there. But the parrot trlbo in represented, and there are some beautiful pigeons and small bird. There is a species of wild duck, and of tho mound buddiug or brush turkoy. There were only threo quadrupeds, tiio dog, tbo pig, ami tho rat, nnd thu names by which thoy wero known aro found gener ally throughout the Pnc'ifio, ond tho Eaab Indian Archipelago, Tho domrsticacod auitnids wore tho dog, tho pig, and tho fowl, and their tinmen prove that they catno with the originni immigrant from Malaysia, The pig was reared to terfection and much used in sacrifice. Ah Biiporstitiuu die out it becomes valuablo commercially to tfio natives. Horsos, cattlo, sheep, and goata, &s; well as tho Euro pean varieties uf dug?, pigs and fowls havo been introduced. The island aro on tho whole well watored and well harbored. Thero I an excellent har bor on Anrttyum. Hovnnnah harbor, In Efate, is a splendid harbor iu tho centre of the group. An inter-island steamer could omuly collect nil tiie produce of tho group thero to moot the monthly Australian steamer, and distribute from thura to overy inland in the croup all im ported from Australia. Slio would only have to run 150 miles south to Anoityutu, nnd about tho samo distance north to Santo, calling at the intervening places. Tim thn whole group would bo placed in monthly communication with ttio civilised world, and the electric light of our Australian civilisation turned full on upon those dark places of the earth, and the effect, I will venture to say, would bo electri fying in the way of scaring off into more cou- gunitil haunt thought aud deeds of darkness, as wu linvo heard of auch being scared from tiio dark streets of great cities by simply lighting them woll ; and in tho way of raising to a higher and moro vigorous life every human being m three islands whether European or native. Thoro i also an excellent har bor in Mallicolo, called by Oook Part Sandwich. Bvsidu Micro lliore aro many splendid .bays and good unahoragee. In no group in tho South Sua is navigation rasior and freer from danger. Tho ndauda stand out olearty defined from tho deep, outlying or uunken reefs being almost unknown, The Now Ilobridean climate i ono of the pleaBantest in the world. Tho rsiufall is moderate. As in Fiji, hurricane some times occur in tho first three or four mouth of tho year, Thoro are nu suddmi changes of temperature. The thermometer rarely, and thou only riiglitly, fulls below 60 in tbo cold (April to November) season, mid rarely, and only; slightly, abovoDO in the hot (November to April) season. I hare uevur seen tho ther mometer above 92 in Havanuah Harbor. Tho sea breeze makes tho temperature pleasant in tho hottest day, The night. r.ro always cool. On the Bcoro of tinhealthincsH the cliumtn ha a worso uamu than ib deserves. Generally sneaking, for a tropical climate thab of tho New Hebrides is both pleasant and healthy. The fover.ia not of a fatal kind, and seldom or never trouble those who nro acclimatised. Children enjoy good health up to seven or eight years, when they require a change of climate. By living in fairly good house, built on proper site, and hy living with thab temperance and enro which every tropical clinmto requires, a fair measure of health may as certainly bo enjoyed in thu New Hebrides rh auywiisio else! There ns elsewhere isola tion and stagnation aro ioiuricnt to human well-bring, but these we hopo will now bo done away with by rapid and regular strain com- tnunicstion with Au»tralia? and by turning on 'to- tho islands in a constant stream the strong enorgio of tin Australian life. Tnero, moro than olsoivher?, inflation and stagnation nro injurious, for. the soft plearant climnte lap the scmies In a dreamy luxurious reposo whoso toncjenoy is to relax both the physical and moral fibre. Yielding to the seductive influence a man become as if bewitched ; the stent, but well proved whole some relation and restraint of civilised life sueui immeasurably remuca and buried ; tho island borne becomes for a tnomons an en chanted palace ; tho fountains of tho groat deep lflay upon tho fairy-like coral structure, nnd tho fair daughter ot Ethiopia, "clad in simlcs aud HUnnhine," Jiku ttio dazzling iiiaidsns of Mahotnet' 'paradise, are hi will ing slaves. But. is many a i>oor tallow has found, this is all a ineio dtram from winch thero cannot hut b« n mdo awakening, for the Now Hebrides siren ia nothing but u brutal cannibal, a man-eating ghoul, and the quickiy trodden pleaxaub vestibule through which she lends her' victims only render more awful their final doom. To professional ond business'totler fenkiner a few week' rest nnd recreation a trip to tiie.io islands in a well appointed strainer might bo of great interest and advantage. Thero might be a Coffee 1'alace iu Havannah Hsbor for their accommodation. A scientific oxpoditiou to investigate and report and to thoroughly explore Mnlliuolo and Hanto will, I hope, b? Bent lo thu Now Hebrides. Tho botany, ihe geology, nnd tho anthropology of tho group all await investigation, and tho result of unc i nn expedition might reasonably bo expacie! to bo valuable, nrt only to tho whole scientific world, but also to tho commerce of Australia. Now that steamers are running tiio thing would bo easy, thn nxponao not great. To thut expense tho Government would pro- moto both thu honor and the advantage of this country by contributing. Tho nutives of tho Now Hebrides belong to tho great Oceanic rncu that in it varying phy sical forms, eausod mainly by tho intermixture widt the origtual stock of Negroes nud Mon- SiIr, is found throughout tho Faoific, the alayau Atchipelago and Madagascar. Their languages belong to the Malayo- Polynesian or Orennio funiily. Their religion, which em braced tha idea of a future statu, was mainly nu ancestor worship, partly futisbisui. Though polygamies and cauutb&is;, thoy had somo ex cellent and humane social institutions, and man/' amiable qualities. In their Inngungts, tln-tr social institutions and their superstitions, wo see thu wrecks of tho auctenb golden age when tho Ocoanio race was in it prime, and secure if gnzingJuiKm therein of an ancient city now abandoned to tuoles and but! nnd rniserablo Arabs, but <uioe tiio hon.u of kings and meeting placo of the world' wealth and glory. They are hupposcd to nutnbor about 70,000, but muHt liavo been at least twice that number in tho timo of Cook. Thoro scums to bi a ten dency among them to decrease. They lived or livo lu unhealthy houres. Their superstitious idea and practices hud many baneful effect. They were addicted to witcliciaft, infanticide and war. Tlmy readily succumb to dis ease, especially to new foruiH of Introduced diseake. In thu ' early sandalwood trade a oonstderaMu number were done to death/ The labor traftio, both directly and indirectly, whether carried ou to Queensland, Fiji, Now Caledonia, Samoa or Honolulu, ha caused a very large drercnao iu the popula tion. It is now 50 yoara bince John Williams, who begau tho work of Christian missions in the New Hebrides, landed, and . was killed ou Ermnnga. From that timo to this about L2Q0,000 havo boon expended by British .subjects, whether connected with tho London Missionary Society, the Presbyterian New Hebrides Mission, or tho' Mission of Bishop ScHvyn in that work; During nearly the whole of that time British war vessels have annually visited tho group, aud have done in calculable benefit In many ways. Up to within a few -years past, at tbo time, tor instance, when I went down to the Inlands 16 years ago, and for somo time after, there was not, so far as I know, a singlpFxenohmsn In the group. It is true that ten year after tho beginning of the British missionary efforts the FroncU mission aries mado solitary attempt to form a station on Aneityum ; but- the- attempt was com pletely abortive, and they departed after a short stay— nothing done, ana notraoeloft.. There was uo French trader Jn the group,' either lnthe whaling, sandal wood or cotton trade, and British subjects connected with Australia wero always tho - vast majority as, oompared with those .of other nationalities. £ha number of British ships engaged in the bor traffio was groat ana that traffic baa dono lmmonso injury to the British name and to British trade in these eras. The missionaries rightly denounced it as it was carried on, ; and the feeling of the beat part of the British nation was against it ; but, unfortunately, thareatrlotWo measures that had to.ta enforced, and were, rightly en-i forotjd, sgfcinst the evils of that tripno 'nave had: undesirable andunforeseon effects upon British! tradogenerally In the Islands. 8oae<o the; British traders In Kfato, aftorapptsUng in.vain; to? help to their own authorities, venturer to, Nohmca, attd'begged the French to 'annek tha Sroup. The French there were quite ndjlmg to) 9 so. They saw that bj doing so they would neouro ft monopoly of tho Now Uobridc labor trade. Tboy were dazzled by tho visum ol tho happy day whon thoy could Dour uuLtipoti tho New Hebrides thn rttinou flood r»f the constant and frightful overflow of llm fconvict coiKiifl, at which tlivy wero m terror of thuir livo, ami for thuir property, and bring Jo Now Cidu- (Ionia from thu Now Huhridt tho rosily inanftjrrd ami.tfflo nativrft, who mnk« Hiflrndid luiUktilioM Korvants jmd gonnral workmon, ar.d aro satisiiwl wulj n mtmll vagn. It wa nothing to thnn tlmt Uiit p.iifliinoiiH convict overflow would not only rum tho Now Hrbrirtea, but rraoh uiflo to nnd limdlv work out its age-Jong and incalculably destruotivo tendency in An- tralia. . But tlip.rr wero difficulties In tho way !Yhnthor looked at from a iiiLnricnl,ini?Hj()iMry, or commercial print of view, thu New Hebrides wero virtually ami indUmitahly British, and not nt nil French ; ami t he natives, tho great majority of whom (thn male) can Btwak a little English, disliked the French, liked the Bricinh; and whilo wishing and petitioning for Britfah, worn altogether oppokod to French, annexation. Tho British Government had always treated tlu-au peti tion with indifference, ami had always refused to annex, when it iia'cuI Imvo annoxud without any possible interference from or offence to France. Finally, tho two Governments canto to tho difltiiict understanding that neither should annex, Tn the end of 1882 tho New CaloiloiUHn and Now Hebrides Company woo formed In Noumea, its promoter bring a gentleman named Higgiuaon, who lined to bo burn in Australia, and a British subject, and who whh iu communication with tho remnant of tho dissatisfied British traders iu Efate Imfore referred tu. liigginsun is a name tlmt I do not remember .to have como aoroM in reading French history. But, if ho did not belong to any of tho groat French historic families, might Im nub lut thn founder of nucha family that uno thousmd years hence might be famous? Higginsott's plan was to tiny nut, in thu interoatH of the French, tho Bntinh traders, nnd then represent in Pari that there were nn British interest in the group, and, therefore, nothing iu tiio way of French an nexation. The French company accordingly bought out three or four British traders— I be- liavo only three or four— ond the principal ono of these is now back in tho group in tiio same inland of Efuto, and asucco»ful trading com petitor with Uio company. By moaiiH of buy ing out those traders, however, and after ward employing sumo of tnem as it ngonts, tho French company obtained lands which tho native uover would havo sold to tho FrencJi knowingly and directly. Meantime, Australia hail become aware of tho fact thab the French scheme, if carried out, would not only Ire a trampling upon tne loyal British subject in the New IiebridcH, but nlxo ujkjii tho British race in thftBB colonies ; for, to reliovo Now Caledonia, a proponed, of tho Fretioh tickut-nMcavo pes tilence by retr.oriug it to thu Now Heb rides, would bo indirectly and ultimately re- Moving New Calrdoni of thab iwatilenco by removing it to Australia. The Now Hebrides mirionaries, who represent n very largo num ber of British subjects in Great Britain, America, Australia nnd Now Zunlaud, aw that the scheme, if carried out, would ruin ths natives, while trampling upon British Pro testantism and tho British nationality, nnd tliey appealed to the authorities nnd to their fellow-subjects throughout tho world. Thus, tho Australian Government nud peoples, and the toiftaionnrie and their people nt homo and iu America, wore in thorough lihrmony, and wore unitod in tho detorininnlion not to ho tramnlod upon, nnd thnb tho namo of Britain should not be trampled upon in this way, and worked togother. With tho oxcoption of Mcssra Jennings and Dalley, tho Htateamen of Australia havo acted nobly and worthily dur ing the contest which wa thus begun, aud whioli i by uo mean yet finally endoo. Among thcao should bo mentioned with special honor tho names of the hon. Jame Service, tho lion. Duncan Gillie (Premier of Victoria), tho hon tho Premiers of tlie other Australian colonies nnd New Zealand, and last, but noB leastj Sir Henry Parkes (Pre mier of New South Wales). Nor should it bo forgotten to mention tho able and dis tinguished men who represent us ab homo a Agents-General, among whom Sir Graham Berry ha fought well, and with thn indomit able persistency of a true Briton in this fight. Uigglnson and party have nob boon idle. Though acting notoriously for eelflsh, mer cenary, and, what wo justly consider, unmoral cud, thoy pretended thab they were great Frenoli patriots, and endeavored to slir up in France, for the purtiosc of their own f pecula tion, a national antl-Knglish feeling. .. Higgin- son grotesquely posed as wounded to ttmhc&rt; hy tho protended insult offered to the great and proud French nniion by Australia! "Colo nists" were sent from France ut tlie expenso of ttio French Government, which also provided them witli six months' provision, and were settled on Kfato, where somo of tliein still are. The most rabid and inflammatory articles against Australia and the Now Hebrides mis sionaries appeared in thoNouincannowspupars nnd even tn France. Unable to ignore tiio dis like of tho natives to the French, it was alleged by Higgimon that tho Knalirii missionaries taught thorn to hut tho French. Ic wtiRalh'god also that thn natives had committed tho must awful outrage upon his company' French agent tn tho group. Nothing, ic was pas sionately pleaded, could save tho remnant but the establishment of French soldiora in the group, Notbinir, was tiio cunning, if un worthy appeal tn fanaticism, btgo'.rv and national pride, could counteract tho effects nf the alleged onti-Frcnoh teaching nf thu En glish mtarionarios but tho planting nf French mifuuonaries alongside of them among thu ua- tire. Need I Bay that a a British subject and missionary I deny tho truthfulness of these allegations ? There wa cover the slightest need for tho establishment of French Roldiurs in the group. As British missionaries wo wont thero without any polttioal dorigh, nnd before tho French were therein any xlinpo or form, and without tho ulightest reference to the Frenoh in tiny way ; und we never could stoop to so baso and unworthy a thing a to traon ! the natives to liato the French nr any other men. It could cosily bo shown that tho native taeling a to the French i th« snuio whero theru-is no Englinh missionary, and that ib is nob due to English missionaries, bub to tho conduct nnd character with respect to tiie natives of tho Frencli themselves, Nearly 30 year ago a British naturalist, whoso name is known over tho world, vinited New Caledonia, and reported that boiug nn Englishman he could go with safety auywhore, whilo tho French dared not appear unarmed outride their stations ; aud iliat tho native antipathy wns such that, cannibal a they were, thoy would not even ent n Frenchman. Howovor, this may bo, and wiiatovor its causes may be, wo nro in no way responsible font, and havo nothing to do with it boyond recognising it m a fact. Bub ns thn lusult of tho strouuaus effort and extraordinary allegations ot Htg- giiison and party French soldiers were sent to tho Now Hebrides, nnd two French military post established there no the 1st Juno, 1888, one in Havannah Harbor , Efate (where no outrage of any kind had boon committed on any Fronohman, nt least since the dAy of Captain Cook), thu other in Fort- fchndwich, MnlMcolo, n quite inoffensive place; and a few montlis after Frenoh priest brought in the same French war vessel that had carried .llio soldiers were established in tiio group. For forty year English missionaries hud labored on Efate, where two of ub now nrc, And of which the population is now only two thousand. Yet two French priest wero un- hluflhingly Rettlud there, by tho joint action of IIigginon and party and the French Govern ment, between tho two English ininriunarira, and alongside tho very native among whom they had labored for nil thoao forty years. Aud the French immediately began after all this to act and to pose as tf r<, the English, had no right tn he there, and the wholo thing belonged tn them. My brother ufluinuary and iiiyralf havo boen threatened with expul sion immediately on thoachiovomcnt ot French annexation, without this threat, indeed, we could hardly doubt whac our treatmsnt and the treatment of our fellow Ennlish mis- sionaries would be at tho hands of the Frenoh ; for though we honor tho real French nation. Franco practically lo us in tho cqro supposed' would be Higgimon and his friends, ecclesias tical and lay, In Noumea, and ttio French party that pereecutes thn ecclesiastic at hoinu aud encourage them abroad, Ic would bn prac tically tho nm Franco that that great French patriot induced by hi representations to seud soldier to tho group against tho native, and to send pne-ita to the group against ua. All Frenchmen in tlie4 group Are our neighbors, and wo English missionaries treat them, and will treat them, with Olirlktian courtesy, and overy jvuriblo neighborly kindness ; we 'shall ontertaiu no bitter feelings against the French priest. Let them do their duty according to their lights. But wo cannot ig nore the fact thai just> us the Higgiunon Com pany is a political company, so these French priests sro political priests, nnd that just as tiio ooming of that company to the New He brides wa spontaneously and offensively antU Brillrii, sn tho coming of theso priests war, in addition to that, spontaneously and offensively antiFrote«t»nt. If thun.ln tfiocirouinRtanco. we tamely allowed ourselves to be trampled upon wo should not bo worthy tho name of Bri tons, not worthy, even, ot tuo name of men. Surely wo should bo justified In standing on the dota nslve,and in saying to such assailants— No ; this you shall no do. Wipe out of tho world, if you can, tho name of Britain, and swoop from the earth, if you ' are oblo, tho Anglo - Saxon raco ; but you must do all this - before you can do this. Now let tno not forget to nion- tion how nobly the Earl of Harrowby pleaded in this cause in tho Houso of Lords. And leb mo. mention with duo honor the great name of the; Earl of Ro&ebery.; . That statesman towards tho cod of lost year, at a notable political meet-' Ing In Sootland, inaae a specoh.ond while giving' due attention to the many grave and pres sing questions .of Imperial' politics in that speech, he put this New- Hebrides matter im -the forefront of it. And what did he tell tho people of Scotland and .EugUnd ? He told 'them, that the Frenoh hid -put. the New; Hebrides in their hiaps as French territory m the face of a solemn treaty with Qreav Britain, and that a portion of their race were in grave danger of being trampled upon in the Now .Hsbridas, and be oallsd upon themtoseoto it that they should not be trampled upon. . The Frenoh military post in Havannah. Harbor waa established on Hhrginson'a ground, and about two miles from my station. There was no su'ob work for them to do as Rigginson : and his patty had represented ; and in orav to: prevent them, being , wlkhdrawn the plan pur-; sued was twofold-ou the ono band, to stir up, the pride of Franoe by. representing that It was bound jnbonos .never to. withdraw, them, and bn-tbs other hapd, to try wantonly- to provoke the inoffensive fl'sttres Into a oonfllet with the oldittt, ' whioh' would prevent their. with drawat. Kxprrier.cei bad shown in tho car© of Tahrtl. hmv.- potonl n, .weapon thu national prido, mixed up with -fanaticism, might become. And experience had taught in Now Caledonia how the native could lie touched upon llio raw, and goaded into a liope- less aud deHpnratc struggle with tlie might of France. On both thou- lines tlie proceeding wr.ro conducted cunningly, y»t«maticftllv and unBcrupuluiiriy. The minds of thu military had been preoccupied by thu trumeiulou representations that had been insdu. This .1' ranch cAitle were cauwd to roam through and nun thu natives' plantation, whoo ukl get no proper BntiafHctioti, and wero oven told by thn company's ngmita, as if to tempt thum, that thov might riioot cattle iu certain circum- stance. At lnnt one difleascd nuimal, well- known, aud long if not purposely iieglccUfd. died of difioas in the iwtivo ground liotwecn tho military post and tho mission. But tiio military post protended that thn mission nutives had Bhot it, mid threatened to burn down tho mission village ; and the company, professedly founding Redely ujmh llio official action of the military instill tho matter, formally, and in'writing, ucinnndrti from tho mission natives, through tno, witii threats, 500 franc for thu nniinal. bo most valuable plantation land ' of tho rfiitwiou native in lfavannah Jllnrliour i at tfeimi, und the native had, some yuan ago, placed this land, for their protection, in tho hands of the Presbyterian Mission by a formal deed of gift, making tho timrion Its legal owners. Two month after thuoRtabiiahmeutof the military post, tho company began suddenly to cruet a fenao on tlii land a if in were their own. They pretended they had buught it from some per son in'Fiji entirely unknown in tho Hubrido. After rame difficulty and roluctanco they Allowed mo a copy of the original "deed." It wa datod 1871, and signod (?) by ono native nf Efate, long since dead, who belonged to thn other flido of tho island, 20 miles distant, and who iiorer nwriud, and nover could null this hind, i-von if ho had, rccretly. ami at the peril of his life from its owners, pretend art to do so, which it is by no mean cortaiti that' ho did. Yet tho commander of tho military pout, in writing to me, declared hi liehcf that this ridiculous bogus paper was an indlsputablo titlo making the French Coinpauy owners of laud, nnd indirectly, but unmistakably threatening to mako war upen the iniuuon native if thov forcibly prevented the erection of thu funcc. ortlio operation of thn company tqiou the land. Thocompany also turned its cnttlu into tlie land, destroying tho native plantations. A fence tho native put upon my responsibility, solely, n» I oxplained to the post and tlie com pany, to koop tJicso cattle out o> their planta tions, tho company, in tho presence of thn pont, insultingly destroyed. Deeming the French commander' throat no empty menace, and knowing thodesign of the company, I exerted iny influence over the native to tho utmost, nnd successfully, to induua them to bear their injuries quietly, in the hupc of ultimate justice through tho British murcuants, to whom they hod given their land for their protection. Finally, after 18 months' long and painful struggle, nnd immediately after tho definite Htmouncemunt that tho soldiers ware to be withdrawn within a fixed period (they were withdrawn on the Ifitii March of thisyear). thu company ograed that the native should eroot & fence on a Sine I pointed out to protect tholr plantation from , theflo cattle. This fenco, ns a matter of necesnity. was between the company's friico and Htoru. Tints tlmt) two iniles of fencing which tho company had erected in violation of common justice, nnd by forco, for they never could liavo erected it but for the preaunco and the throat of tiio military post, wa made as worthlcsR ns if it had never boen created. And tho question of their claim to the land ruinainB, a I have all along contended it should remain, for setticmont by a competent tribunal. Should over Buoh a court decide lu thoir favor, then, and not till tlicn, will tliey havo tho right to take j»sseaioii. It is manifest that tiio action of tbo military post wa totally unjustifiable. It was an action unworthy of the French nation or of any civilised Power. Thero are number of bogus titles to land in the Now Hebrtdus in tho possossum ot various individuals. It is cny for unscrupuluuR in dividual to manufacture Ruch bogun titles, and there i grave reason to think that tho bogus titlo in quuBtion was no manufactured. For a groat military nation to enforce on such a bogus title tho claim of its citizens to land upon which helpless Christian natives' depend for RubBtRtenco wns surely unjust and un worthy, besides being an assumption of sovereignty over the Hands, and a violation of the independence of thu islander in the fnco of n solemn treaty with Great Britain, and, in thn circumstances described, a tramp ling upon Protestant misstous as wull us upon ttio British race. I wish to speak, nnd I do honestly speak, with respect of thn great French nation, and of tho renowned Empire of France ; but as we others would n»ver think for a' moment of ! beingso insano as WAntonly to insult them and disrecarrt their interest, so we could never imagine for a moment our becoming so craven nnd so mean— ao unworthy of our. ancestor nnd bo wanting to our duty and our posterity —a to basely submit to being trnmplod upon, whether religiously, as a Protentrtnt nation, whether commercially, a a nation of shop keepers, whether socially nnd politio&lly;, as British subjects, by any nation or by any com bination whatsoever of human beings. Our Froncii friends, and nuiy they be our friends always, are well nware of how offen sive the fnr-Away cesspool nolioy of our own mother land was to Australasia, and how, if possible, nioro offonmva till present far away cesspool policy as earned out in New Caledoniaj'fl to Austrabiria. And thrir being aware of it Khoulti be sufficient for them, osn gallant, enlightened and noble-minded people, to secure Jtliat remedy whioh wonld at once bo the Ipghcst honor to them naa satisfaction to iw. A few months ago in tho Now Hebrides i/ French gimtlemnn nslced me if Australia v«ru likely to attnok Now Caledonia ? I llild him I aid not think ro, but that I b&liuvua; Australia would liko well— were such afthiug possible— to tow New Caledonia, witn all its freight of convicts, two or threo thoiimud mile out into tho far mid-ocean, nip) thero anchor and leave it, with every fjaod wish along with llio wian never tn hear of it more, inuoli lea to possess it. It i no vulgar .earth-hunger, or catth-hur.gcr of any Mud that ii nt tlie bottom of thn Australian puthurinstn as to the islands; no hunger for the paltry barren acres of New Caledonia, or for the paltry fertile acres of other islands ; but it is something that goes deeper and that is doaror to us ttian any acre or any isle, that touches, as I believe, tho very foundation of that mtglity structuro wIioho crown sit upon, tlie bead of our Hovereign lady Victoria. It is nob that we, having big Australia, ahould.-Jiavo in a Rrlfiah and niggardly spirit objected to nliow- log tho island of the New Hebrides to bu attached to paltry Now Caledonia ; but it is bccauso having toe one and having such vested interests in tlie Hebrides, and considering all tho circumstances of tiie case, to liavo lautely allowed this would have been to act un worthily , of tho British race, dishonor ably Jo the British- name, intinically to the national oxistenco in thu world. Our possession of Australia is a fact, nnd that nnuliesmany other fact, aud ie Is In vain for any man or body of inou to act or to argue as it ignoring theso facts, jusl as it wpuld be to act or to argue a if ignoring tho rovolu- ttan of the earth or tho flow of tho tide. Wo 'ro hero a rightly aud n firmly as ilia French are in Franco or the English in England, or our American cousins Iti North America. And however cosmopolitan wu may be, however we may respect and admire on tho one hand tho Frenoh and thu other European nation, and drairu thoir friendship anu tlielr goodwill; and however much on tho other hand we may compasrionato such a people as the Chinese and de sire their enlightenment, our first duty is to ourselves, and to securo our national existence untainted at the a ire 'by the deadly pestilence breeding excreta or con- victism of Europe, or by its noul-poisur.- ing superstitions that are for over struggl ing ghost-liko and gibbering out of their graves in which they nro 'only half buried, or by the pagan brutality of Asia, in order that wo may do our duty lo the world, and play like men the part our Maker lias assigned to us in it.' We, tho BritiBh nation, are a nation of shop- kuopor, and I am not concerned to AHsert or to provo our superiority over, or to .deny our inferiority to any other nation ; wo aro also a Protestant nation, and I am not called ' upon now to tnako any assertions about the superiority of Protestantism as compared with, for instance, Roman Cathohoism. All I say now is, that whether superior or not, It i what it is, and with it stand or falls the national oxlstouce of the British race ns wo know it, and wo as tbo sons of our fathern who bought our grand heritogo with their blood, stand pledged before tho world, and tho Maker of the world, to maintain nnd dofeud it against nil assailant and all who would trample upon it, however muoh they may deem themselves our superiors in thoir own Imagination, even as ws stand pledged to maintain and defcud our national honor and existence. The British nation is tolerant, trampling upon nn man's faith, and coorciiig no man's conscience ; the missionary cf Roman Catholicism has freo scope for hL ex ertions in its dominions. But we cannot shut our eyes to tiie foot that this is not true of overy other nation ; and while giving liberty to others we must be criminally negli gent if we do not duly take heed to preserve our own liberty where we now enjoy 'it from the open or disguised ottacks of other. I cannot but deem it of happy omen that Australia in this matter, in whioh she hot begun toapoear before the world as eho nover did before, exerting a perceptible iofluonoe in the counoils of European statesmen, and upon tbo general stream o! the world's history, tits been simply on the defensive and in tho right.. I era old-fashioned enough' tobrileve, m our. fathers, who played no unworthy part in their time, did, that 16 is better to be defeated in a' good, than, to triumph In a bad, cause; that such' apparent defeat or triumph is a delu sion of the devil, and cannot blind the wise,' though it may intoxicate the Toot Thera ia a power in the world that makee for righteous ness, and thera Is a God in the world that is the Maker and the Judge of men. Therefore, If certain ot defeat or even death in suoh a cause we would stand np andioyfulJy undergo it. But neither the general history of jhe raoe, nor the particulars we bare briefly rehearsed, give cause to. anticipate defeat.' - As to tha Naw Hebrides question, wa may say at least that wa have not aa yet - been aefeated.- And," to taka a wider view, .io not - thli \ the .tri- oentenntal year of . . defeat .'"'.of ' tha. Spanish. Armada ?'l T!ie/ first tfspoleoo.' that Jpreak general and small pap," who said that ftovi- dsnoa was- itaiys : on;u«ki : .rida: ;.o9i Us -Kg. bettalluns. aooo : hnd. v tmplo: leisure lo t&t-; Ions eeclosioa' aa ?UantiQ We aaoct . deeply; to. «Qde that .V-. . :\r diotuin. L»»um I'lnlipjx-, thu arm ol tK oneii-ivc wntM'ioUMtaut Fri»i-h uiovn -fnmii In tlie Paoifio in it .initial mage. h«d aooii to lly/.'.r refuge to.-J'iOteMin-t Kogi -ml. Ami NtroohiMi ill. in wliiJ>o day o/ pouvrNew Oalwhwfft was suddenly nnd uuuxpcutedly ciz-d, and tho nmu French off.msiva niiM-J'iotontaot iiuivuinont carried ou in tiie Loyalt.v r«lnn<l», wlt»nct> il. iiuB »t Lmb npimr- yutly unnnpbcdin die expulsion of the iing- lnfli inmrionary Jones— tlmt Nnpoleon III. i« jn chwing voara found al-o a qu»i- and kind hum- in that land of liberty, that largo-henripd tn, "r-filt(ier8' lund ; at liuart th« true friend of I rivnce and of every human being, enemy only, to lin and nccureeU tjrnnny, wb. tber occlosmslnuil or civil. Baron Von Mueller, Frrsidunt of the Ge» graphical Asmicitition, moved a vote of thanks to tbo lecturer, which was seconded by Dt M'Giblxirn and carried by acclamation. Mr M'Donald, in thaukingtho audience foj thn vote, urgdd upon them the inqxtrtanoo ol tlie iriapds to AuRtralia. Ho wa plowed to Rue tiio intcmt the young inun of Chalmerh Church were taking in tho matter, because thl young men of to-day wero tin future legislators of the continent, and ho hoped thoy would do their part iu connection with -ths New Hebrides question n well as ><$. proHent generation of Australiflii statesmua had done tluiirs, The itiain burden cf presBrving thu New Hebrides from France had fallen on Victoria, and llu.y had sustained fl welL He felt certain that when tho Frcnci first began their deigns ujxni tho New Hebrides they hoped to gain their point witb out attraoting tiio notice ot tho peoplo of Aus tralia or Great Britain, and they were as tonished and displeflped to find how quickly tho attention of Australia and tlie wholt civilised world was directed to their move ments in that furawny placo. The Hon. W. Auderaon. M.L.A., moved, and tho Ruv. J. G. Faton seconded, a vote ot thank to tho chairman, which waa likewise carried by acclamation. ProfesHor Pearson,' in replying, said he wa aUs to state that overy public man in Australia was fully alivo to tho importance of the New Hebrides to this continent. He believed in a remark once made by Prince Bismarck, that no nation over became great by giving up ter ritory ; and ho believed further that England had learned a lesson over thin New Hebride matter, and that in giving it up h)io had nok added to her importauca or prestig<>. Ha twisted tiio miatake would nevor be repeated, Tho meeting thon ended. 