On the Pennant Hills. (FROM OUR REPORTER.) From Ryde, onward and upward, along the line of rail, the country preserves a ridge and furrow ap- pearance, culminating at Carlingford, where the sandstone rock breaks through the thin covering, of soil in weatherbeaten shelves and ledges. The bush is small and light. Not much can be expected from the shallow depth of soil in the way of sustenance. The railway twists and twines to right and left in tortuous fashion. Curve, incline, and return curve, cutting, and embankment, follow in quick succession. The engineering difficulties have not been few or slight, but have been well overcome. The cuttings are well drained, and the slopes well trimmed. The ballasting and the track are excellent. The country passed through is not tempting everywhere; and the traffic got from it must be small. The deviations made by the line are not made for the sake of meet- ing business, but for ease of working, save that these detours are not as aimless, they resemble those of the Israelites in their journeyings through the desert. Only the expectation of ultimately reaching a land of promise could justify such journeyings and such a railroad. If the country be uninviting to the high farmer, it has not been so to the land speculator. The country, in great part, has been laid out in townships, all of which are going to be little cities and rail-connected suburbs of Sydney. If you alight at Beecroft, where the country puts on a better appearance, the prelimi- nary work of clearance, the opening of green alleys labelled as streets through the bush, and the piles of cordwood heaped by the roadside, tell of the con- current arrival of inhabitants, and the departure of the timber. The land is described as poorish, " but good enough for fruit" - a sufficiently aggravating remark. Because fruit grows where much else is commercially a failure, that is no reason why fruit culture should be relegated to the worst situations. Good fruit is best obtained on good lands. Around Beecroft, which is on the verge of the Pennant Hills district, there is much good soil of more than one kind, and some especially suited to the growth of varieties of fruit not successfully raised elsewhere. The elevation of the district is considerable. Pennant Hills station, which lies low, has an altitude, of 528ft. The adjacent ridges are much higher, and are crowned with orange, lemon, peach, and apple trees, but more especially the apricot, which grows here with a success noted for miles around. The orchards, like the inhabitants, look very healthy. Many of the trees encountered have celebrated their jubilee; and the same is true of many of the inhabitants. On the high ridge along which the Parramatta road runs, and at the junction of the road going to the Pennant Hills station is a little hamlet rejoicing in the style and title of Thompson's Corner. Around this petty focus are gathered many fine orchards. One of them, Mountain View, the property of Mr. George Bellamy, will serve as a specimen of the rest. Some fifteen acres of good land, hillside, but not over steep, are covered with fruit trees, chiefly of two generations. Here may be seen what is too often neglected by orchardists - a proper succession of young trees coming on to fill the places of those which have died out or demand uprooting for their lessening fruitfulness. Mr. Bellamy has no sentimental fondness for a tree which does not profit as it should on the right side of the ledger. The substitution of other kinds of trees, however, is not carried out in its entirety. Apple succeeds apple; and when a failure of a sort has to be recorded, this is set down, not to a failure of the ground, but to a running out of the variety. Thus, among the apples, Ward's seedling, once in everybody's mouth, figuratively speaking, is now classed among the good old "has beens." The new and popular variety, Smith's seedling, the late one, does uncom- monly well. It bears heavily, comes in when other kinds have been plucked, and stores and ships well, enduring much knocking about. The soil, a dark gray loam, free enough in the working, but still stiffer and closer than the lands nearer the river, was of good average quality, holding moisture well. The subsoil was clay loam, crumbling upon exposure Upon the whole, the oranges and lemons were pros- pering, and were of good size for their age. In foliage they were rather lighter than in other places seen recently. The contour of the ground was varied; the average inclination being toward the north-east, catching the morn- ing sun. Mr. Bellamy attributes much of the success of the apricots to the catching the morning sun. This, he asserts, makes them ripen better, and gives them a superior color. The apri- cots, the trees themselves that is, were well grown, and had no trace of complaint. Standing upon the hilltop, or on the slope, they did not suffer from want of water ; for the retentive character of the soil guarded against that. On the very summit of the ridge water was obtainable in plenty at 26ft; and a little land spring coursed through the orchard for half the year. To keep the ground up to the mark in fertility, bonedust was drifted over the surface of the ground, and worked in. This quickened the growth and the bearing, but does not (quoth Mr. Bellamy) impair the flavor of the fruit. The applica- tion of horse and cow manure had resulted in vastly increasing the growth of wood in the trees, with a loss of fruit. In the days of an orchard's youth, Mr. Bellamy might use such manure again to bring the young trees on ; but when they were old enough to bear, he would rely upon the bonedust alone. The land is worked to a depth of 7in. It is found that for lemons it is no odds how shallow the turning up is. If the surface be kept stirred and clean, that is considered enough for lemons, and almost too much for quinces, here grown as a wind-break, Plums were grown to some extent, the Lutherbury being esteemed for its packing and bearing qualities; likewise some China pears - cooking, not edible. Peaches and nectarines, chiefly the former, were another reliance; for, although apricots, as doing exceptionally well on the Pennant Hills, and as being forward in season, as their name implies - apricot and precocious are of one derivation - coming in before people have become anything near satiated with fruit-eating, still, as it does not do to put all one's eggs into one basket, some other descriptions of sum- mer fruit were grown. The Moore Park nectarine, called shy elsewhere, throws off its diffidence here, bears regularly, and is the earliest upon the Sydney market. Harrie's red was a peach much liked, coming on early and of exquisite flavor, melting in the mouth The yellow Italian was also grown, and liked. Some young-budded tress had a curious experience, and with many of them it is the last they will have. Shortly after budding they were transplanted. The double duty of sustaining the bud and making good their ground in a now situation was too much for them, and they gave up the ghost. A much more pleasing experience in propagation was met within raising Smith's new seedling apple, the soft and early one, not the late kind, just quoted. "Not the slightest difficulty in found in rearing this kind ; and, as the fruit is a fine waxy one, and comes before any other into market, every one is trying to get specimens. Trivett's seeding was bearing well ; but the fruit showed a tendency to spot with the recent rains ; and that mars its sale. The oranges were doing well enough; their best place being about the middle of the slope, away from the southerly breezes which come in over the hill, and away also from the bottoms of the gullies where the frosts gather. The southerly winds are the most dreaded for the oranges; they make the leaves curl up, and the tree look ragged. The frosts are not so much to be feared if the trees can be sheltered from the morning sun. If they can be thawed but gradually, so as to avoid "burning," as it is termed, they get over the onslaught of Jack Frost. The navel orange was the sweetest and best for eating. The oldest part of the orchard is on the top of the hill surrounding the house. Here are the finest of the apricots ; one tree measuring 70ft in circumference of the spread of its branches. The trees have to be propped up to avoid the break- ing of the branches by the load of fruit. Flying foxes had not given much trouble ; but in some years the fruitgrower has to be up half, the night, banging away at them with the shot-gun - a recreation which soon palls upon a man who works hard all day. No difficulty is experienced in getting goods to market ; the facilities by road and rail being ample. Higher up the hill from Mountain View and across the road is the residence of Mr. James Smith, one of the pioneer settlers. The house is a, substantial, well-built erection of cut stone, quite above the average country residence, being neat without pretence, and comfortable without bareness. A fore- court full of bloom, and a verdant backing of foliage, set off and heighten the appearance of the abode. The first days of settlement are often hard enough, and impress a hardness upon the pioneer which sub- sequent prosperity does not always do away with. As a consequence, homes are left with their original un- loveliness grown worse with age. This gives many a visitor and possible settler a bad opinion of life in the country, which is credited with de- civilising effects which do not rightfully belong to it. So, when a residence like that of Mr. Smith's is come upon, it is quite a relief, and, indi- rectly, a reproof, to those who, with ample means for better things, are content with primitive sava- gery. Being of stone the house is well fitted to face the zephyrs which howl in winter at times up the long western slope and across the narrow crest of the Pennant Hills at Mount Wilberforce, as Mr. Smith calls his place. The country on his side of the ridge drops with more suddenness than at Mr. Bellamy's. For a spell the hill-face goes swooping down evenly, and then pulls up to go on more gently, and, with a front breaking up into wrinkling gully and cross- slope, merging at last at the hill foot into the level bottom lands of the Parramatta River system. Over these there is for miles a gallant eye-sweep of pasture and corn land, primal woodland, and exotic orchard. The fruit trees are of old standing. Many of the pears are fifty years old, and are bearing well; loads of toothsome fruit being gathered from them. The Windsor pear, a fine eating kind, and prolific, attained a great size as a tree, rooting down well into the dark soil, which, varying in depth from 10in to 2ft, did well with the fruit trees. The character of unevenness and variety sticks to this part of the Pennant Hills. The shale and the sandstone systems intermingle, and difference of pitch gives not only difference of aspect but a varying depth of soil. Thus, in a holding of over fifty acres of orchard like Mr. Smith's, uniformity of growth and treatment would not be looked for. From its general elevation, and mainly southern exposure, the fruits of the tem- perate climes do very well. The apple, pear, and plum bear profusely, and some of the apple orchards and nurseries on the lower lands are noted for their success, owing much, however, to the increased care which is taken of them. It is quite possible that the higher and cooler position may induce the growth of a kind of fruit, firmer, and less likely to take injury from transport than the fruit grown in the moister and warmer lowlands. The pear and the apricot are grown profitably at Mount Wilberforce. The Berga- mot pear, the Windsor and the bunch pears, all good- flavored eating kinds, bear well and sell well. This year the bunch pear sold for 8s per case, and as high a price as £2 per case has been realised. Despite frosts, hailstorms, and windfalls, the fruitgrower's lot is not an unhappy one. Much more might be said of the Pennant Hills district and its fruitful sur- roundings - much more deserves to he said of it, for more than one visit might be made there without exhausting all that could be said in its favor. 