THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. M. NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AT IBUBASTIS. (T?H TrasS,) The excavation of the Great Temple of Bebastie (the ruins of whiohb,it willbe remem bered,were discovered laetyear byM. Navilel) was resumed some five or six weeks ago, and is now in full progress. Former operations conducted by the Egypt Exploration Fund have for the most part been carried on In places remote from the beaten track; but M. Navillo, by marching his little army of diggers to Tell Basta, has brought his work not only within an easy I distance of Cairo, hut within a few minutes' walk of Zagazig, the meeting- plaoo of a net work of railway lines, and the hsad-quarters , of the Egyptian cotton trade, Zagazig station may be described as the Malines of the Eastern Delta-the bourne for which 1 every traveller, whether his destination be Damletta, Manaurah, Salshlyeh, Suez, or Port Said, is Inevitably bound. As all trains stop here, and as there Is generally a dreary hiatus of a couple of boors between the arrival of the incoming train and the doe parture of the next, It may readily be imagined with what eagerness the tourists of the present season are just now thronging to the scene of M. Naville's laboure. The work of the Egypt Explora tion Fund has, in short, become a popular Institution ; and instead of living like anchorites in desert solitudes where the impress of a patent leather boot upon the sands was as startling a novelty as the , famous foot-print on the shore of Robinson Crusoe's Island, the explorers are now cheered by the daily visits of numerous travellers of all ranks and nationali ties. The soone is ourionsly picturesque. Hero, grouped together on the verge of the great Cemetery of Sacred Cats, are the tents of the offioors of the Fund; yonder, swarming like boos at the bottom of the huge orater-like depression which marks the area of the temple, are seen 300 to 400 labourers-diggers in the trenches and pits, basket-carriers clearing away the soil as i is thrown out, overseers to keep the diggers at work, "pathway-men" to keep the paths open and the carriers moving, gange cf brawny " Shayalin," or native porters, harnessed together by stout ropes, " and hauling or turning scalp tured blooks which have not seen the light for many centuries; girls with bowls of water and sponges, to wipe down the carved surfaces preparatory to the process of taking paper " squeezes ;" and small boys to run on errands, help with the measuring tapes, and keep guard over the tents and baggage. With so many hands at wvork and so many overseers to keep them going, it is not wonderful that the excava. loens make rapid progress. The two large pite which were opened last season are now thrown into one, and are being enlarged from east to west, following the axisaof the stru ture. The sides are also being cleared, and I before another month shall have expired the whole temple-of which, apparently, not one atone remains upon ano;her-will be visible from end to end. Its entire length is probably about 7001t, or 8001t. ; but measurements, of course, are as yet purely conjectural. We may remind our readers that the pits snk last season disolosed the aite of a grand hypostyle hball, strewn with fallen monoo lithio columns of the twelfth dynasty workmanship, and a hall without columns, r but lined as it should seem with t elaborate bas-relief sculptures represent. Ing a great religious ceremony, and containiog tens of thousands of irinutely executed hieroglyphic Insoriptions. The I columns of architraves of hypostyle-hall, though of an earlier period, are emblazoned with the ovals of Rameses II. The ineorip. tions of the festival hall commemorate Osorkon II., of the twenty'second dynasty, and his Queen Karoama. Besides the two hblstorical landmarks thus determined, various blooks hearing the names of Usertesen III. and Pepi Merira, testified to the existence of the edifice not only in the days of the first great Theban Empire, but in the very remote ago of the Pyramid Kings of the 6th dynasty. Al the same time, a small tentative excavation at the western extremity of the site yielded the name and titles of Neotanobo I, of the 30tlh and last native dyna ty. Such being the ontcome of but four weeks' labour at the close of the season In 1887, it seemed reasonable to hope for Important results when the excavations should be resumed. Thli hope is being more than fulfilled ; and every week-it might almost be said every day-yields some new and valuable lick in the chain of historio evidence. A third hall, dating from the reign of Osorkon I., has now been found betweo., the hypostyle hall of Bamesee II. and the festival hall of Osorkon II. The roof was supported by two laruo columns with palm appitals, and the walls were sculptured with bas-reliefs on a large scale, representing Osorkon I. In the not of worshipping Boer an.i other deities of the city. Eastward that is to say, at the end by which the temple was entered-two t arallel trenches have revea'ed the site of a colonnade; and here the base of a statue of Neotanobe I. has been found ; thus showing that he made additions *o both extremities of the structure. The western end, now in course of excavation, appears to be of great width; but its length is as yet not ascertained. That it contains the sanctuary may be taken for granted, and the sanstuary is probably the work of teotanebo. Unlike mest Egyptian temples, the great temple of Bast Oors not appear to have been protected by one of these mesealve orude brick walls whish rendered the temples of Karnak and Tanis es impregnable as fortresses. Heros dotus express y states that it was aor rounded by a "low wall having figures engraved upon it ;" and this low wall, like the splendid screen runniog round the great temple of Edfoo, was evideonly of a'one sculptured in bas-relief Like the rest of the bnilding, it must have been of red granite, and we may hope that some portions of it mnay yet be discovered. Thoe Bubasites, at all event., seem to have been too proud of their famonus temple to mark its beauties by a circuit of unasightly ramparts. So mouch for the progress made in excava ting tee diejeota membra of the buildling; the '* finds," however, are yet more notoe worthy, That Bubastls was the salto of an im portant Hyksos settlement Is what no one susapected; but it is a fact conolualvely establisbhed by the work of the present 0-ason. Two black uranite statues (one un fortunately hoe.dlese) of the unmletakoabl. Hyksos type, the lower half of a sested st.tone of an unknown king, also of Hykaose work, and a 0 o red granite architraveo on. graved with thb cartoucohe of Apepi, the ,ost famnus of the IHIykso rulers, lavey been dIanvered all ear together wIthln the last three weeks. The first found of the b ak le granite pair is hue described in one of the weekly reports despatched to the come rmi'~te of the Egypt Expl ration Fund by 1\. Navllle: " In digging to the southward of the Hall of Oorkon I , we found first the headdress I of a colossal status in black granite, the head broken juset at the level of he eyes, t Tnd presently the lower part of the face I The let obchekC and the board are damaged, t but the right side Ie perfect, and the two I halves fit each other exaatly. The typo of the face is Hykeos; the sunken oheeke and the projecting mouth being exaotly lloo those of the Tunis sphinxes. The headdress istho' name,' with.the unrus. The base and feet of this statue are still lying at the bottom of a deep pool, whence they will have to be hauled out when the water has some. what subsided. A statue of a Hykos King wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royalty is certainly unique." The companion statue (headless) wan found on y 'en days ago, also in a pool of water. Osorkon II. has engraved his ovals on the side of the throne on which the statue aits, and has erased those of Ramesee II. which that Phasroah had out upon the front, beside the right leg of the statue, having himeelf erased the names of the original owner, whomsoever he may have been. As these statues were found near the arohitrave of Apepi, It is probable enough that they are portraits of that king. The other Hyksos statue, broken off at the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr Navillo writes, under date 18th March: " Oar most important discovery up to the present.time was made yesterday morning. I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished blackr granite which I thought might belong to some good monument, and I had it unearthed yesterday. It proved to be the lower half of a lifeasize figure of very beautiful workmanship, with two columns of finely-out beiroglyphe engraved down each side of the front of the throne to right and left of the legs of the statue. Those inscriptions give the name and titles of an absolutely unknown King, who, judging from the work, must belong to the Hyksos period, or, at all evwnts, to one of the obscure dynasties pro osding the Hykseos invasion. I forward a copy of the insoriptions. One eartouohe contains a sign which is quite new to me, and which I therefore cannot deolpher. The other reads ' Ian- Ra' or ' Raelan'-a name unlike any I have over seen. He is do scribed, mdst strangely, as the worshipper of hie Ka (i e., his ghost or double). Sinao writing the above, I have been over to Boulak, and have shown my copy of the inseorlptiona to Ahmed Kemal. ed.Deen Effendi, the Mahomedan offioial attached to the museum. He was deeply interested, and said at once, 'That is the Pharaoh of Joseph. All our Arab books call him Reiyan, the son of El Welid.' He then wrote the name for me in Arabcl, which I enclose herewith. For my own part I know nothing of Arab literature or Arab tradition. I should not, however, be die posed to attach much weight to this curious coincidence. Still, it is curlous, and certainly interesting." Such is M. Naville'e account of this remarkable statao, which Is now drawing crowds of visitors to Tell Basta, and has just been photographed by Emil Brogach Boy, leader of the Boulak Museum, and an accomphshed photographer. The photo. graph gives a front view of the inscribed throne with.the legs and feet of the statue. It also shows the left thigh, foreshortened and clad in the striped "' rhenti," or folded kilt The mutilated fingers of the left hand are seen roseing on the left knee. The modelling of the knees and lege is admir able, and the hieroglyphs are brilliantly aot, the king, in addition to his oartouches, being styled the "Gocd God," and the " Son of Ra," The name, as pointed out by h. Naville, may be read with the syllable "Rla" as either a prefix or a suffix-as, for instance, Rameri and Raensaer may with equal pro priety be rendered as Merira and Usereora. Whether we take it as " Ian-Ra" or " Ra ian," the name of this new King has a strange, barbaric aspect, and looks like an attempt at writing a foreign name in Egyptian characters. That it exactly transliterates the "Er-Reiylin " of Arab trarilion cannot be denied; but It must be remembered that Oriental tradition is notriosnely untrustworthy, and that the Arab name g.ven to Joseph's Paaroah is evidently an apperlative, being preceded, like that of his father, by the article. Arab writers of Egyptian history are, in fact, much upon a par with the authors of the Arthurian cycle and the tales of the Paladins of Charle magne. Cradled in an atmosphere of super. stition, they beheld all things through a mirage of romance. They regarded the monuments of anelent Egypt as works of magio, and the Pharoabs who built them as mighty sorcerers; and if here and there a thread of genuine local tradition be interwoven with the fabulous tissue, of their narratives, the whole is so clearly unhistorical that we must despair of ever definitely separating the true from the false. Joseph is the beloved hero of a multitude of Arab legends, and where the Biblical narrative of his life fails to supply any special detail, such as a proper name, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from purely Arab sources. Thus Potiphar's wife becomes Zuleika, and bhe anonymous Pharaoh is introduced as an Amalekite Prince named Er Reiyan, the son of El ' Welid. That the stranger hordes which Invaded Egypt under the leadership of the Hyhsos may have included .n Amalekite contingent is not Impossible; for the Amalokites of old were a mighty nation, and their territory bordered upon Egypt. But if we turn to the pages of El Makrizl-a sober wri or, worthy of all credit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and such other subjects as came ,within his kn.,wledge and observe' sion-we at once see how little a fairly trustworthy Arab may be trusted when his only sources of information are the legends transmitted by his own countrymen. Having related how the Amalekites, led by Welid, son of Dumi'. invaded Egypt, then ruled by "Aymen of Koos," and slew the Egyptians " with an exceeding. great slaughter." he goes on to say that the followers of Welid chose him to reign over them, and that his rule lasted for 100 years. "And he went forth to attain the sources of the Nile, and he beheld the Mountains of the Moon, and he was abseat for forty years." He then returned to Egypt, and again subdued Pharoab Aymen, who again opposed him." "And Pharaoh Aymen fled, and Welid rednuced the people of Egypt to slavery, and ruled over thorn for 120 years till he perished .... A..d hl son Er Relyan. the son of El Welid, the son of Dami, one of the Amalokito~ reigned; and he was one of the most powerfol of the people of the earth in his time, and the greatest King. Now the Amalekites were descended from Amlik. son of Lanod (Lud). son of S am (Shem), son of Nun (Nf'Nah); and Er Roiyan was the Pharaoh of Joseph. on whom be peace.. And it is said that the Par-oh of Joseph waes the grandfather of the Pharaoh of Moses, his father's father, and his name wa, B3rkhu ;'and he was lofty of stature and beautiful of countenance, And after him. r-igned his son Darinorsh, and he is also called Dorim, son of Er Rolyan, and he was the fourth Pharaoh, and Yosuf (Joseph) was his Khalifa." Brief as this extraot Is, it suffices to show the fanolful character, the glaring contra dictions, and tha utter valuelessness of Egyptinn history when written with the reed j.Fr of Ih'e Arab chronioloe. The invasion of the Amalekiee- based perhaps on some vague memory of the Hyksos conquest--vanlshabes into the region '4 fable, and the vie orious princes whoso family, tree begins with Noah, take their place among the shadowy heroes of the Thoussand and One Nights That the learned and courteous Abmoad Kemal-ed. Deen Effendl (who Is, be it observed, the only Oriental Egyptologist in the world, and I a good hleroglyphllo soholar), alsould nave I recognised the Musllm name of Rolyan In that of the unknown Hyksos kng is a ploturesquo Incident whio' at once appeals to our imagination, but the do duotion is one whlbh Eur pean scholars are boundoi to reodvo wtrn extremeo reervo. In I the meanwhile It must i oonconeed that the letter.for- letter identliy of the two names is, to cay the least of it. very erraordinsry Wein must not, however, fonrg- t that " R-lan" may with equal correotness he read a " fan-RI," and " Ian-Ra" is anriousle like the name of the Hykeos "Iannas" or " Janla," who, in a long quota- t lon wh'oh profeoases to be given ver., batlm from Manotho by Joserophs (answer ( to Apt n, Bosk I, secion 14), 1s said to r have reigned for ffIly years and one month, at and t, have been the sooeussor of Apophis and the predecessor of Aaie.. It would be unreasonablo to doubt that Iannaes s as truly an historicol personago an Apopt, and it is as least possible that Iannas and Ian.Ra may be one and the same. That Joseph served a Hykeos king has long been accepted by the majority of Egyptologists as a very probable hypothesis, both chronologically and from the internal evidence of the Biblical narrative. Other discoverlos, soarcely less interesting, have rewarded the labours of the fortunate explorers. The fact that the 18th Egyptian dynasty-the famous dynasty of the Thothmen and Amenhotep Kings-should have left no traces of their power in the great cities of the Delta, has long been a puzzling problem. Within the last three weeks, however, two lifo.eize statues of a scribe of that period have been found. Though otherwise perfect they are unluckily headless. The figures sit cross-legged, each bolding a half-unrolled papyrus scroll upon his lap, his name and titles being engravenon the scroll. From these inscrip tions we learn that his name was Amenho" tep, and that he was styled "the Prince, the great friend who loves his Lord, the Ohief of the Works of his King and of the Provinces, and of the Marshlands of the North." He wears a loose garment secured by braces, and on the brooch-like ornament which connepts the braces, as well as upon his right ahoulder, is engraven the oar touche of Amenhotep 1II. KI-uenaton, the diso - worshipping Pharoab, who succeeded Amonhotep III., and founded the city of Tell-etl-Amarna, is also repre sented by a sculptured fragment containing the sacred oval of Aten-Ra, the deity of the disc. These objects are of great historical moment, inasmuch as they nhow (;) that the temple of Bast, after being enriched by the Hykeos Kings, and before belog rebuilt by Ramesis II., was yet flourishing in the time of the Restoration; and (2) that the disc-worship promulgated by Khuonaten extended to the Delta. Till now it has been traced no further northward than Memphis. Among other valuable finds bearing upon the historical continuity of the temple may be mentioned a colossal head and torso in red granite, inscribed with the ovals of Rameses II. (19th dynasty), and a black granite statue of this King, of heroic sele, the striped head.dress coloured alternately amber and blue, the hands resting on the knees, and bearing the following inscription :-" As long - as the world shall last, thy monuments will pros per, 0, King Rameses." This fine statue Is broken In two, but is other wise uninjured. There have also been found (1) a head and torso of a standing king in red granite, probably Rameses VI (20th dynasty); (2) a small basalt statue of a Salte priest bearing the cartonahes of Apriee, the Biblical Hophra (26th dynasty); (3) a beautiful fragment of a statue of Neotanebo I. (30th dynasty); (4) two Greek inscriptions on black granite dedi' cated to Ptolemy V. and Queen Cleopatra I., by one Apolloniue, son of Theon, who styles himself "one of the King's friends;" thus carrying on the.hla cory of the temple to the second century So. A very important insoription on a block belonging to the festival hall has also turned up, giving the date of the festival, which, strangely enough, proves to have been held in honour of the Theban god Amen, in the twenty- second year of the reign of Osorkon II., on "the first day of the last month of She," the season of inun dation. M. Naville writes: "But what is most extraordinary is the veet number of colossal statues which must have orowded the temple before the festival ball was built, nearly all such as were of red granite having been out up wholesale by Osorkon for building blocks. We constantly discover passages of the festival inscriptions on fragments of statues which have been built into the walls; and it is not at all un. usual to find part of a sacred boat which is being carried in procession upon priests' shoulders, on one side of a block, and on the other side a head of Rameses II.-sometimes defaced, but sometimes in a fair state of preservation. So little did the kings of Egypt respect the images of their predeces sora " Sunob are some of the splendid results of the explorations carried on by M. Naville, assisted, as last year, by Mr. F. Llowellyn GOiffith and Count d'Hnlst, during the last few weeks at Tell Basta; and the 'eason is not yet over. Who shall say what new treasures the next month may not bring to light, or what new facts connected with the obscure but deeply interesting Hykeos period may not be in store for oa? Except only the great temple of Tanis, excavated by Marletta some twenty-eight years ago, no Egyptian ruin upon so colossal a scale has been systematically explored, or has yielded so rich a harvest. 