The Stbry Teller. THE OR&.Y MAH'S PATH AN ARTIST'S ATD^ENTtRK ON THK IRISH coast tev TKARS* AGO. ( Continued from last issue J. ' By all the joints, sir, share such a thing has never .ti^en seen in any living \- man's time. Look yonder, sir; the storm and the earthqdhke has torn away the very face off the head, as ye may say.' The artist gazed in the direction of the man's outstretched fingar, and saw that a very remarkable change indeed had over-taken the sea face of Garvan Head. An enormous landslip had evidently occurred ; and though the promontory was too far off for tho naked eye accurately, to determine the precise spot, the traveler fancied it was just beside and beneath the Gray Man's Path, and he said as much. 'It will be bo, sir,' acquiesced the landlord and several other by-standers. 'The white line acro3S the face is mainly cut away, and there looks to mo like a great black hole split up from Port Garvan Cove, which, ye know, lay a wee bit to the nor'-ward at the foot o' the cliff. Wo will be able to get up to it a'most now on that mass o' slither that's come down. Why, it's as big as a church, and alters the whole run o' the tide.' This again was true ; tho debris now prevented the sea from washing the base of the cliff, and the foam and sprav were raving agaiiist the fallen masses of rock as if furious as being baffled in their usual attack on the land. 'That scoundrel's body will have gone down with the falling mass, I take it,' Baid the aitist, 'and there will be no need for a burying party now ; but 1 shall go off along the. top anid see what has happened. You fellows will come 1' Two or three fishermen acquiesced, and in an hour the'artist, the landlord and thoir followers 'approached the top of the head land by their, usual ascent. They soon discovered that their conjecture was right. Some forty feet had been split away from the cliff face, close to where the Gray Man's Path terminated among the bowlders at the edge ; but the path itself remained, all save the last few yards of it, which had gone, and the gap which was left presented a curious formation, partly natural, partly artificial. It looked like the inside wall of a house while being demolished or after a fire, where the chimney flues are shown in lection. From the top and immediately beneath the projection bowlder from behind which the figure had sprung out upon thi painter with uplifted knife, a series of rough steps with a rope dangling for a hand-hold, descended into the enormous chasm which had been made. T here had evidently been a way down there — a sort of well, the construction of which was quite plain now that the other side of it had been torn away. As the exploring party peered over the abyss below they saw that the passage led by various zigzags into a vast open vault or cave, which had once laid concealed in the very bowels of the earth, but which, by th« catastrophe, was now unroofed, as it were, and so lay partly open to their view, as did also gome of its contents in the shape of small kegs and barrels piled together in disorder. ' Oh, oh, exclaimed the artist with a low whistle as he saw this ; ' the secret of my gray man at least is out — a smug glers store, eh 1 and they got access to it from the very uttermost edge of the precipice, behind yonder bowlder, and which hid the opening. But what's that long, queer-looking, twisted snake of a j thing among, the bairela ?' Tho landlord professed profound astonishment at the spectacle, but then after a moment, bending on him a cun ning look, said with much confidence: ' Hist, sir, don't spake of it. Don't ye know that machinery ? That's just the worm-pipe of a whisky still, curling away there fra' the boiler tank over the peat stove to the vat in the corner. Ah ! by the mothes of Moses now, to think of an illicit thing like that going on here within two miles of us, and none of us knowing it. And no wonder, for who'd a thought o' looking for the vent of a flue on the face o' Garvan Head ? Ay, but 'twas a cunning place; but shure it was the boys' dodge to scare honest folk fra' looking after 'em. What'ciseman would ever a thought o' running 'em to earth in a burrow like thisl' 'And do you fellows mean to tell me you didn't know it!' said the painter. 'I'll be bound some of .you have tasted the pro duct, at any rate,' many a time.' 'Divil a bit, sir,' was the combined re sponse. 'How should we ony more than other folk! Not a soul of us. But where's the man all this while that he left for dead — the murthering ghost-shamming villain! To think of it now, that he and his mates have been carrying on wid this trick for ony number of years, maybe.' 'Ah, I wonder who his mates can bel' said the artist, with a wink at the land lord. 'I'd lay a wager you could put your finger on some of them; but I hope they are not quite so blood- thirsty and savage ashewas. And where is he all this while! Gone over, I expect, with the fallen cliff. I left him lying exactly on the part that has fallen, and that's buried mainly in the sea.' ?' ' Deed, p'r'aps, and it's a good job,' said the landlord somewhat seriously. * ' May be therell trouble come out o'this when the 'ciseofficers find it out; and it's better the master's tounge should be silent or he might get others into truble.' 'Yes, yes I quite understand ; but now look here, my men, don't think I want to split upon you ; but just tell me honestly all about it,' said the painter, turning toward the whole party, who were now but half pretending astonishment at the discovery. ' You knew what this gray man's game was, for he couldn't have managed the still alone.' ' Deed, but he could, though, and did,' whispered the Jaftdlord, continuing clun^ sily to assume;,innocence; ' by me soul,; not one of us hl^didany more than now; and again bring# boat under the lea o' Port Garvan Cote and carry off a keg or two when tha/irihd was fair and quiet! and how should- ony of us know where they came fni'^r who made liquor in. 'em? But hist.vSir, hist for the life on ye. Here's a crew ,-£;folk coming up fra' the village, and we'^lt not talk of it now, but the game's overwind there aren't any wit ? ,;.y c'.1, .. ? ' ' - - » nosses to prove ony thing. The only one's dead. Kape quiet, I'll tell ye to- night all aboot it, when we'realone. Don't let the mates see us talking too much. They'd not like, p'r'aps, that I'd tell ye.' The artist put his finger to his lips in sign of agreement, as several laborers and a stray inhabitant or so of the neighbor hood began to join the other men, who had moved somewhat apart from the two speakers. How much was true of what tho land lord that night told his guest, the latter could not quite determine. Some of it was, he did not doubt. The chief actor had disappeared in the landslip, and al though the articles the artist had taken from him had verified a few points, there were a great many which remainod entire ly unaccounted for to the end. Mino host of the Dolphin and Anchor declared on his oath that he had no com plicity in the business. 'Ye see, sir,' he said, 'they make a deal o' whisky in these parts in t'wt way. Tbe boys learn the trade at Coleraine, Bush Mills, and the like, and him as I had mine from came fra' Derry, and he used to swear he brought it around from the Loch to Port Garvan Cove as the most cjnvanient place for us to' pick it up at. It was not for the likes o' me to ask ques tions, particular as he favoured it at cost price; but, by me soul, y'r honor. I was as innocent as a babe of there being a still where we found it this morning, whatever I guessed'; and this much the artist part ially believed. 'But, then,' he said, 'you knew the fellow was no ghost that used to bo seen on the Gray Man's path?' 'Well, Sir, I must confess I did,' an, swered the landlord, somewhat abashed, but with a knowing smile. 'But most folks thought he was — 'twas best to let them think so. I tried to make you think so.' ?'I know you did. But, judging by what you told me and what T experienced, he was a ruffian of the deepest dye.' ' 'Deed, sir, but we didn't know that for certain. People had disappeared, but who could tell how? Faith, nobody knew onything of the ghost-man himself. On my soul I didn't ony way. Qnce or twice I'd seen him in conversation with the man fra' Derry out on the hill; and when I put a question I was cautioned not to meddle wid him. 'He's a daft kind o' crature,' said the Derry man, 'but he's use ful to me; he kapes up that story about the Gray Man's Path, being like O'Mor rogh in the matter o' beard and hair, and that suits me. We don't want folks prr ing about on the Head and there away.' 'Deed, but I think he said he was related distantly to O'Morrogh; but there, sir, I couldn't tell ye. I never saw him ony where else but on the hills at a distance, for I never liked the looks on him. I was not for scraping acquaintance wid him.' 'The Derry man, then,' thought the artist, ' really holds the clue. I shall try and find him out on my way back to Eng land, as I shall take ship at London derry.' Now, this the painter did, and from the Derry man picked up all he could ever find out. ? ? ? ? ? -» The hero of this adventure, the travel ing artist of those days, is now a hale old gentleman of eighty-seven, who has long ago won renown as a landscape painter. He protests his memory is hazy as to cer tain details, particularly as regards what he heard in the end about the gray man. In recounting it quite lately, however, he said : 'There will be sufficient to finish the story, I doubt not. I remember I had great difficulty in getting hold of that fellow at Derry; and when I did, it was only by alternate bribes and threats that I induced him to confide in me. Things were all very different in those far-back days to what they are now. Superstition, together with wild and lawless habits, pre vailed in the remoter parts of the British Isles, especially in Ireland, to an extent you youngsters have no idea of, though from what I hear, they seem pretty law less there again at present. This Derry man was connected with the Excise, but did not scruple to make use of his official position to fill his own pockets. When he saw I knew as much as I did and the tale about Cepos O'Morrogh, he said, 'Ah! that's not the beginning of the legend of the Gray Man's Path, for it's only about two generations back that Cepos O'Mor rogh flourished— never mind. He had a son, who after his father's disappearance over the cliff, vanished also, and is sup posed to have gone to Mexico, where he worked in a silver mine and was hanged for robbing it. But he, too, had left a son, who, inheriting the family keys and secret, came to Ireland to turn them to account, and this was the fel low who tried to throw you over the cliff the other day. He was elderly when I [first knew him, a reckless dare devil, half Spanish and half mad. And it seemed he had heard from liis father about the cave in the bowels of Garvan Head and the way down to it, and he found it all out and told me about it, and somehow we thought it was a good :plaOQ to set up a still in ; and he and I ?^Qptrived it between us, I admit. There i^pere only two other lads in the secret, :and they were transported years ago for another job of the Bame kind ; but they never split on this. O'Morrogh and me, and so we had Garvan Head all to our selves. Ho lived down in the cave and worked the whole thing well-nigh alone, though of course I used to meet him and supply him with grain and the rest, from time to time. I put the Excise officeirs off the scent, as, of course, I could y and in that wild and lonely district he had no difficulty in keeping up the super stition of the Gray Man's Path, and so of scaring just the few natives from the spot. May be he didn't mind tumbling any of them over the clifl if they came in his way, or getting rid of them, as he would of you but for your strength and luck. He had been bred in a country j where they were not particular, and the business came handy to him, I dare say.' 'This is about all I got out of the exciseman,' said the octogenarian; 'but I remember he was in a rare stew lest I should peach on him. But it was no affair of mine. I was going back to England, and I've never been in Ireland since. I have my sketch to-day, this and also the reli'.s of the adventure, the dagger, keys, etc. These are all of ' Spanish make. It is a wild story, but not so improbable sixty years since as some people might think, and, as suredly, the most startling matter I have ever been concerned in during the course of a rather long life.' the end. 