I.OCA L TOPIC'S. Thie e treos wele iioded o1 Monday last after t silence of over i week, on that Vic tormuso are ?,nce lores in touch owithll tlill;e. 'loday .,i publish.a hatch of enthlergnsi which will bu foinI h)by our country leid.ers i pilrtitulari to hte of ai hlihl.;y intelretitng cll:iacter, sinlc they o?how tilhe first proceed. ings of tile speeial colilllssionl of judljges w'ho have beeni appotited by tlt Iiimperial (hi. V'er'llnlellt to inlvestilgate the ll."chaes imade byv the Lo.don "' T'iiesJ' against Ir ''Parnell midl v iilon other Iiohiuburis i tile HloIIne 'lt.te m l"veleet. tlepurtos re cominiig to hand daily fromll ahu'st ill parts of the icolony with respecte to the ill ellbets of tlhe dlrought. In most cooes itis radd that the whiealt crop)s ire out hi car ? .l c.?ionsequelltly Iio imtter how imuch a Illn my emIIIe te prospects iof tie lapproachll iog llrvest -Clllllot le illllropod to I, very gjeit M"itn?I c--TIq' ;lpresellti.e ll? iotilr-llofl thingst is uuci tio tI deptloled, espe?itlly asl it reIited to the fiuirilsl'l of the Iluntillu dis triet. Iltit thile ipopllu here are no wl ors oil' than those of other llaces atdl ail insll tanllce of hiow .tlli hlsbliiollllill of thle loulllll.urii Vi\ll"y-ou- l iof thie biggest iagrliclltrallli' clntlli in Victorii -lire likely to beu nliteted )by the lireuviiling drought, wi'e quoteL the follwiig lplrllag.i which appaitlred iil last islsu of ai \iiiuuru! h illpaper :" Thl e Llllrvest outlluls is becomlilg met I aeri.l every day iot iiit is ttie opilio of anllly falrirt ii thlli distrl'ict thaiiit the tiital wtlieit yield fr tihe (iullhurlllli Valley cainot, u ide l moat favor ible citreuisllllie. , lhu lor thUlll 8or 111 li?s. tieti to tLVe InlL' I\Ill I averageL , hll ile it is tholught t!?ht, if rinli dolles noti colim very sumili that av\'ilue will lot ie? reiiached Ifuoii reids lof ures of wheat in thie northterin plrishes alUre tota:l flillur, and very little outs. will bie wiorth gathtritig. On thie whlue the prospectil for tllu colilng sosllo is very hl110, nil many heavI:I) ly lo!sses will hu sustllilln _ by" fulnluilu who Iiilv gonell il hleavily for curall culltivaltion lthis year. No rin Ililts fallen here nince 1st ieptellmber. At thatll theu ini. wuere reconlhed, whlich lliin e i totill forll the yealr of in. Till.t poinlts. triass is libecomilli illullOcil, and wmater for stick is running short. A conitinualiltionl oif the droughtut ill cOl ln? ii:iyfi'ierso to dirive their stool: to i;'Itll',, ai, cnrt froi tlhiirri'urs and pear. Ilualt r'e'.l foll doiules-tic Ire. 'T'e.i l.iy' "Agu" contalllilei tue fol!owillug: -'Thue Irishi itizeulif lelbuoeruuilltteuude:l tl Iihtluurnii [i full in coiildorl tle llu-lbrs lost nightll, filn the tpurpose liforg'uiiiiisig ai fUiiii to asi?s?t .i'r U. S. iParilul ini is libel action agailpijt tII1 " Til tL'." it' llltiryui O'l.Ugh?ueI lpreside-, 1Inl1 ol the platforml were .Messrs, N. Fit. 'ralod, Mu.t..C, iiiiiu J. (}. l.lutl'y, 1.1..A., tihe lov. Prior tiutler, athier Ileg. larty, ilnt ivrlel otllther tolionrml Cathullit . :Ul'rgaII tl, I nlotiiionsi ier l.carriedl Uextiie; sire iif syllrtllhy rwitlh 31'. Ptllruull anli hlit ulle 14 Iirh g l lloullrlctul by thiulleg itilugs ipubillhiul ill tie 1tiii ii'.lc It. t firvo of us. t1b01l00h f a untri tt u0sfOiiutlu0; ting: tv l; highly ipaltriti speeches Were madell in 'llhlch tile lloewspapli implicaltedi wIIs evereUly censutllllo, nollll niCused oif llviing kllOliliglyt iilseri ill h ints molausiiiili forgedl letters fior till piur'i u of ijurinig Mr, I.Parnell, The l lllnt of C1'1Wll itit s iutibed or lpr.llllnsl it the. rmiu?, ct-1 ll ti"er F.ather O'PUn'(ni l,?e?(. csr. ' . s.. .. ill..in '."1i ii appoii di I j: i? i . i. LL?o. UII ii :.LLhu;I" Iillllilioe by several IUl.ollid is l' nt, 111 uil LI iimedmtitlllllii ;, i which othei r gentllemen wuloe proposei'd isa reediveir.s, isl plut to tile audllliellce hutt tlio hairlm:m, oi1n stioi" of hitds beingl talken, dtuctri.l this to ic duefeated biy ('1 tou 8th. V\\\akeliehl sait onlel tli ai fried :-" who stolei l)' llllly haunch of al, lWI wonder I" 1ill1, if the story of a practical joke which is said to hove lbeell layil'ed upon li certail pullic scribo of Iulllltt I(e true, that gentleutaln imighlt well ?lk neiwly thl e sa ll llution tlls Wodeullel--" who stole Illy ine coil (isIi I" IBut to ciinio directly to the story-this is Ihowr it ns :-Twvo ovnlligs log the geoltlo 11 llri allreuty so vaguely dlescribul d wiet 1i1u the htlroiteni river d iiii ureidlll thureufrolii son aifter with it ntd fishi weighing iioutio heI rcoidos-1by thu lway he livesU by hltisolf :with thuo Iiteitltoil of piesentitug it tolthlo Kiug of the Cannibal Ihnold; 'lhit'sdiiiit. Ilody- soilu- crafty joker evidletlIy-clto it t.td yscterd.ay. Iltrningtl hat wrore su piptouse to Iu.its ruillailla ~its Itlhclluuc, tubytlher with its tail llld flul i?ii lle disillJti?lltl'hl'ti a hag Ihlgiditg l rdul the rlftcrs of ia certaln business miul's trirdli no in lllgo streert Au o0n0 mlu this discover.y . as molado the loser. of the fish-It whole-souled gooll.naturled fellow-wlas solt for nllo thelu nonI t hle slaw tihe bioues alludued to he recogilisel them tos being like those of his greaout grlultlther; so0 he' naturally felt: henvy of hurrt. Al tlhough l Il uid matde thue lcquiilitaillce of liha fishshllpl t L cnple of dncys :boefre, hloth Iparties lived very agreetably toglether-lind slept ill the ituae bue.1, tin fact, asliokuh the slntlio pipe, lmlnd supped their soup aud gruel froma the same piatilikihi, till llt leungth the Iiu whoslle lllnes nllll leatllher rceches were founl ill the hug aforesanill, gave u ll the ghost andii boateo ils l good-bIye As at umatter of fiert' they Ilied oo stich friendly toiitls dullillng thlle lsrt tillle they'were together' that the ionl who kelit holl? waos torliluiitell lnely to deatlh every day y ly his literary compllilnion,nll whien the forniiocrclildo tii pin'phcyu of Ilis death cialhiul to takeiell'uil c tIotltffolttt1Jc.Oo toci bud. ilclo.o.gctrcaos oftliu, gills-the pllce in which hint ~is grippe<i1 l the hook whlleti tlloy fi;et liishB ok' liinlts to. etherolti tthe bnil of thei Ikiolk"o n Ritur-tu? laWttor went to inll adjuaenthnto l Ian dh!wnIccd his inroilc with llit ipe-flll of Pole o lo clclli coi-li.ver til.. :lht whenic theu coripse of hlia fnlluy frieidl wcs dliscovered to have bheul stole--and i 'si calotle any for "C certain clan to?mtical pIrlpsus'-hl nearlly urttst the knees o(if Ilas lealther clat with the shollk that hio received. I),tecthUtiio 1hl'Otlli iwas evull colullilted, bilt nlo clhe to the theft could lu discoveredl, iltliniglh all the pie tsh lla dit iuteiheo' offitl tulbs ill the loenlity were. scirclhedll All this ecrltit h oil the lllirt of thce quillc sihows that lih huul a holy iand salcred relIcereuell for theu tolelin lcenl. T'o -mlllte the lInllg story short, Ilia islslilp is now io icoeo, havincg "gic e to tihait ourneiil whencl e lno tlcicclloc returnis," ?hilst its llliteo thalt is left thulhild, htas iw gnlione clt of blciuk, wi etvery c o rciilug 'iciout breakfast huntlr illug for thu ieltecttiol of Ilas il?ighi Icblls the sonll? they call 1" Willow tit willow tit willow." I-luo'o Ltiuck-- a Ioi-nlla district tracer-ran socollcll ill thu Tie Igiicigiu h hIrdle Raice, carry ilg 1Ist 121tb., clli 'I'nesutly liht. Mlollnday nlext is the day upoIn which the Iluntllhi Shire Council shalltll, under .crdicitrty circcumstiUtaclus, sccf? for tie traills cilothli of Ilpubllic, buiuess. Bullt, is the tilay followinllg is Cip liiy, it is not illlittuly that thu iicetillg alllly lilopIC ftr wltIlt oif 111101.1111 Shhoilll tnhe coclnilcil rea.lly Iimeet, there ce ai cuplt oif ilUllortallt Inlutters-tlhe travelling slleepl IsinilltlitIe tliId thu dIsIt.hlix iullcstilnll whlic will oi doubt reccive ntteiti?l. It it high tilte indllleed thiat oalneitlhig plliuetito l wios dole with rIsplecst to the formller, for Its nlate is ThI'lllsdiy nlilng io le les thl ll110,0011 theetp irele iricven thriough tie Ililnl stlets iof Iluinlali, thus causing iicg c tni l diosatis" fitetihll. \\\'lilho?er in tll culncil onulltributes to the abolitioni of this Iittplctniliit privilege tihnt obtains will receiveo the thcnlllls of tihe whole of the itolllcpuye of the Cucltrnl riding " of the lhirce. 'JIr'..C-satpr,soiliclior, pmlncueclcql Iagainst.t IChil. Nelollo; ci splittor, in thi lparihl: of ll'ueg, Ilt the Couriit of Petty $eusIOIIs, toulitillt, before lr i. tcleain, J..., , o'c 'Tuesllly lust, fir thle recovery of caml icn t1t is--worlk ull labor I o.lco. I'hlintill" statell, in supplort oif hita claim,i thati hoe ilppelared oil two occasionsll for the lefendantllt ill lases tlhait lwere hellardtit celurt, aitel whil It ic iverict wais givell for tile Itnllinllt chlimedllc with 5s In nerniii cell with ii resolution ipasseol at ia relcent iiicetilt of the liuentlla? Shireo Counll* cil thie ineilluters, of thait body will hucelforth mIeet fiur the trliilansctiOll of pllulit businessat 10 iiit., instead of i t io0, Its hitherto. Coitrators and ll o thers will, therefore, requireil to sendil thlcir ucollii.lunications accrlier in fhlcturu to theu cllnel othelrwisei thely will niot get tihat llprompt attontilon they would otherwise receive. lr Fh 'rcl Jclars?dun, late clernk of Petty Sestilllts, \\\'ictl?nruittt, Ilid ait Jolhllollt cin 'Taesdiay last, the causle of death obeing coi - uac1liptioi.ll 'lhe slut of the sittitngs of the llucallat Sc. litme (ICourt for the IUprelisct year'L' will lie hoeldl ii iTuesdai y eilius-Ciiup dlay--t eforli lila tionlir ir Justi?e tHuliyd, wiheL iI iuililluer of iplortactllt calous-iicludliilg oeii of infalticielu, iltoe of attelcptud rilp, otii if coucelhelllt of birth till tcwo of sieepl stenal in,--will lIn tried. Ili the hltter the ieic?cted ii tn hitlinlI h. Nicholas Donald .lMaynardi, ictilicr, Ito hoin, tiled hli schu tlli the uclerk of the lenolllta Insolvenlt Court, o l .Monday last. niilities, £1s1 tiL ; assetst, :111 ills. Sur pluslt, £181 lIsi. lThe eliuses o if iinsolvency itre oct ilown is folhlows :-Ili'eslsurIt of crellitoris iitd aitdverse jdilguti in the ?iipriIeme Coulilt. 'T'hu Ionii clii oIIrrespoIIIilent if the 3Meli holniiiu l) Dily Telegrilihi" writing illunder ilate tictneti: :10, stltits :--'r'errible itlrocities ire rIUieported ulli having rec?ii iOetly ocicuitril ini Clathltr, west icoast of Ulfric"i. It is lictUi tioncld nllc!congct Itliur tlihig, tlait nii Olltrikah ishlltlI, ic tl lioncucy ltiler (wcichi ficmic otie of t.tiliioniths cif the iiher Niciei'c tluiiilitalil "ltlsinclci'& inf icihilc pclcl. The Okrilknlli hial lltlei lit woir witch IcoLthoec tilthue oltiuCol tllhu Oigolis, lwho liv oc tto cc Iiicuhl. ii lli' ienitly tlhey Ilrcil i lllcrg? iirty of theo O)Ioilii to thei l lulii, III truice oiu ll hlcv hig ii llcich tar thlu pliiil if cIciliethly suttliclg thliur dililoultie?. I'hu trollehorous cit:w i.cllini, . cin coll iii?ed them. ,, lilthin?i cil,, l l:ucc iocle. i citi husiihti aniid liicy cI diu toiic i ,erio i hilled inlc eiutei, cahilh ithei' w'oir nuih prhioiier allndI kolt ii hlll lr futftiue cutlliiliil feastl. ltr 1. I[ewtt, c it tic?lhl Cniail ic Old C'ahilar, Ihe:i'iltg of tllesu iititioeait, weiit to Olkrikt slaloiil with ni iIrmiieil fIrco. ccn ii SuiLCCededCil in ies.ccilhig tclc of hiu liriaonctrs. Ih iicso in'lihell thel Okiiiiais It y ulletltilig theiic iii ir heaivy Ieitalty. The Go'trnlmllnllit ItI|ud the Ollolitio0hn iiril leviceltly gotting oil tIettlr itothlitr. 'esteicllny's " ])Dlly Tcculegrlllph" says :-The irlhistiry aliticil:te thliit thli Rdililltribitihiii of Seitctatllill will e Iltlslell by the I.egig. latice Asucncllly sitliig lii coilititlte to night, adit its the Otihcositioll ilea iLot icuthlied til ccllolculily s?lilis oluthieetlln, the is ia ocery crlctli ti hIoOlivu the MlhitllticlaIh !lticipl. iioi will bI. ea:llial. 31"r llilfonlr Is in Irehland, ound a ehinur statoes " hl prt iiotdicte hy Ii 5n Illlislllly otssilglsolci iscmwt. \\\'luesOllay'". ",? i. t satres :-A ysug chllld ifliifli ilot ls 50o5tiig it ('oWarr wlilsot plsyflis I1ear tile inllilay liue t.iday ti was stiieli h? s , s;u? tlsig t puortntIll, of a 0 lg'traii, nllt .ud of tlu diIllded ,yoo 1i?d1h T oelu of its lIad wiose knooked in. 'l1hcifdi wils hi'ikght to thou (ipplant IIi, hospital, kiit dild shortly aiftlr., SLllhittince. T'le driver of the traih did slolt cu thie clhil Ilntll 1to !ate to pfiull p. :' i 0uisiitlllf j:onllli: " ' I Cofos l illil, 0s ly i s Irrationl ot Iena1lla, liut hltely at Y'i?'i talo ulrnesd ip. Loat wuuk-lh h Olll'tell hlilsaulf at thie St, KildsIi itoid Pollue tlio apof, ottilng titst le hisil beet tlls ill to moU ihot; llt t Ib Il1 dlil not rohport Melt lf~ illlllt trr, i wasrlt; walo tanke i ont flr his iarrllet. tlu woo Ilronght lp int tlhe City I Policu C(llrt, anlld lilel th cl 5iinllllll I:llnlt)y of S. O: u Griifstaloireilioilulit osrl'lto: -ComI. plaints of sliought ille h IhIt a II on sll shls. \'llat little thlole is of; ilos ainlil grai Is polihlling for walt of rlill. 'If wo do ilot get rinits diirlin thl ifi'kt :ooUk tile cropts will lli1'illy Iu wo illioutilin' islil'feed for stock will o .xcodilgly siarc. . .. 1)rilsloolin l liitilwtstos whoih paossed oer vllid lit hl l a uifin.~ide . ;\bidt silibuliglit oas I ridly a CItllIioo ocuilrrcled sbutweln two gods trlhis la t (1001.. Irnill, oow Siullt Vile'l, hly istihlui olo lion 0'll0 killed nlltl Oiveaill injursol. Alothller Irailwal y aios idsi,,lil sy wiil' a hilhl wa11 killudi; oc?lcusrrl at Stocktos llilear lcw. nIcastle. A plutsoii lnlinlc il lliu, a retired i ,llieer of thu' Gerilllll:Ai i Aiy, \uii wlas iarrestoli lt Nico ill Allugust llst o015 tilleioisl if liCill it llsy, hlos huull eislleuecsl to livu years' ills lrisonllseluit t 0l111 to lipty i" lIlt of live tlhousind franle. Thel' reclst ,lectios fcr tile NoisLh-eanstsrn 'Prohiss1cul1s0 Ls beln deIlclnr u iill vy tlie 1llcce tisls i1nl Qullailiticltions 'Conittiiillu f tile I.ugissitivu C?,olllu:il. 'utitioslllo wer llhdgell lgainlit the tliO ltiig lilel l',i .\llr Jlohl Taiirer, by tile two defeliluld .uisillitblfcl -.1less?U. .1. S. Illtturs an, ,1.1. II. uililpu-oll tllu grLlnilll, tliitt thie pulliig hlsici ollls have tilkeli iloiu it thie l'euclullnl'Statu schooil, wl0 Ilhll iniattuad at SWilrh I~lfindalorug. srIne fourl Iur liia iil ls ,iillouslt, tliu: rcllting ill iuII elector luliiud wlni h Usis"ley hIling illnllolU tlo uotu sitil tli:st se?erill of th: h sllit. lilipOpr u001 it tile hullSi'Sis illing I0olth1 woro wolitten icilil i sIiud hI tIlls ithis lut-retiuli llsis otllicer, illstlll f Ibeing li'ltled, al5 rsuirieil Iy thie pluoi 0i111 of the Illcti~lrl Act ilf 188.1. 'T'lie slsliilnittLee, iftUr tikihlg odlllilcu, slet siss TilcUllIlIy to frliilllU tl1iu0i dicihill, 'Th y osiatnisi' the lbtition i of. l ir J. I. hiLt. telo lgaii st thlu ietiuisn i ll '?l .11 ili'iler, ills is declarlu'd uflt l5 u Illse I dn suly 'lectud flr tllo lhtlieNr lsll Ill'nillsovinie. A fresh wsrit will Isu izSlul )1by tile Prs.ldlsslt ll th 1 LegiC. Inltir Couinoil iI tllu uolilrus of. a fair ih)'y. .\ir Tull'ler hils hinthiniial' his hit€||thin oif cillitesting tlhe 00150lt ainll, nlll, will 1Ie lip. lisu Iy hIs foliillur OllpllOilelilt esirl0 .l1 ii. lsnttsrts an11 lKoiipu. It 10 ibis iioiuduratiiioo Ilhltlllblerl, illlla l oliip l iltil lb Illlpci', llgc~l thiiiit Ilts lrhaiililn, a. leinlisig v'igloirln, If Illlthergleni; wholsrliol Ouifuihsii th eUi, hloged slt last liLctisisn, wilsinLfisisiii| i ill ilso ie a castsintus.jsil liiso wofu sis twlcity.five ye1lirs sl l hei .iEs ggedl in thu 1.lilsai l)ellsirtlllsllt of Ohlio coloiiy, lalld h1ll1 latterly ihai eeIn r ctililngsr chief e, rk I ul'rigC the temllpllrIary abIioelK(it Of .r1 '\'iible wlasl sill 'I'll.eilisy ifteliiilsoll itlseilsetd Iy I)Dtuctiv, le. O'lDollelll a lnd Decn,·l ol wi rrantllt clhizigihig hint with fissl'syisnnl an fttcrisng, t55 tlhu ext Ult sif Olililt :u 1illilu of hIllll rlril ioUlsiilo. Iliiook waSi i ueceililt f I4SO lr l 11 r1151 3'llsl " L s " i' f' : f I 1 ,ha. IBrauly, llryouietor of the KIiliiiore breserry, cult hIis tlllrolli is l :lisll)ay i1t. ilt ttalkled witl l i friell i.f i tsinlllteo IsUforU hiu talk Ilis lif 1a1n in Ili I uul i hsIove ,lcs. tl'oye1l hliliusll fllrloaighl i killnd f tllslllollr") ilsillity bIoilght s11i1 tlsouligIh rclgt ,ill Iiccouut 'ofl aiu h iv illl heuisi Isfis .usi eIlssiu. I I1 Thew 0150si f fthe 55115 licisig Sysis, whlo .wa1 sntescisllli. to delith fill' the illurdeir If his mlisothel.is-law ia. Lil"dtlh 3ii l iiU wlu0el ngo, \wisn essiildiltered' 1| thlu IE1xcLuLtivE Couiill ol5 .\loidly iftisernoslsi. 'Il'hc lilllo flisi'llsuiiLl 11y the C?'ownis I.lw DIp lllostlillcit welr0 hlt it till lt ii a taorile cilslinessrl li tlh, elll ennll, I l itn iil iifl l" vts lo s e i o li . cusoilsln lit sil diciled tl lhat tilt-w alhowhl tiaku its colsile. 'ITho'u ueccltinls if iyilil wi lixcl to s tl;e 1Ilceu liii t ie Stlls f 0t Ilsrciti 'l li rc ii cnllht ' .r-t' 0 .1t1elbourneil Cln l-will be{ ruil onq I°1'm? i% 510t ., sil ls I.sall,. iI rl'ge Iiumllth r if iiti i l]ti i will laiv h lisnlls lilo 51h Illr liro li.s1 tog.o to 0ue it eliititellatd.. : hihlla Ih:th i hh !. I'liu.o \l'uru the \lr,llci thliit we.uI uIlteI'ud I) tlhU lllltgilet of 0i05' 11hol01111d lsheeol th'luihlllulllllt tlho whIle ilol yesltlrihly i Ilhtlielih. isll th0ll s.is sllit ill iillllt \la h IIi~ th ll·nc 'l'lt l fll iil? ri llUl'..l -'? ilieL tlhst 1i ll55 1,i51h'e iloIUi lle' il Ile llslog Isi l. |lig hnl frll lliwingli Iuhlll In li'lll.'npanaInu tih lllii ti ls t( list. SItlmlllilhll' Iull s t sie dsllu Ilt olluc to Iallite this tiavell.ing ohisoo lisii moutle s'lilslsiLeo ithflisul'sVtu flluou will Is llnutllltli ilnhis l lu iehllllisn lutIwouii the Inll pullinh ll lll ? oli n(elll.li.,l. i ,in tllhu Aisseiis'ly il Wedieslsnt Ils t, ilr isenkin, iu lleily tirulh i' I: 1'i.sidsill hlu n1 siithrlioii'tli'ttiisigi. llcoi" fill tlit NOifliu. entllSllll Ii'?tiu . : ° 