THE FROZEN PIRATE.* BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Author of 1 Tho “Wreck of tho Grosvonor,* * Tho Lucly Maud,1 * A Sailor’s Sweet . hoart,’ Etc. Chapter XIV. (Coxtinukd.) JL had made a great lire, ami its light Wit.s strong, anti there was also the light of the . lantern ; but tho Xurnaeo flames played very lively, completely overmastering the steady ■. illumination of the candle, ami the man’s figure was all a-twitch with moving .shadows, and a hundred fantastic shades seemed to •steal out of the side and bulkheads and dis appear upon my terrified gaze. Then, •thought I, suppose after all that the man should bo alive, tho vitality iu him set ■flowing by the .heat? I minded myself of my own similo of tho current checked by frost, yet retaining unimpaired tho principle of motion ; and getting my agitation under some small control, I approached tho body on tiptoe and hold the lantern to its face. IIo looked a man of sixty years of ago ; his heard was grey and very long, and lay . .upon his breast like a cloud of smoke. His • eyes were closed ; the brows shaggy, and • tho dark sear of a sword-wound ran across his ford lead from the corner of tho left eye to tho top of tho rigltt brow. His nose was . - long and hooked, but tho repose in his ^countenance, backed by the vague character of tho light in which I inspected him, left his face almost expressionless. I was too much . .alarmed to put my car to his mouth to mark . if he breathed, if indeed tho noise of tho lmming fire would have permitted mo to • distinguish his respiration. I drew back • 'from him, unrl put down the lantern and watched him. Thought I, it will not do to believe them is anything .supernatural here. . ’ I can swear there is naught living in this ship, and am I to suppose, assuming .she ’ .is haunted, that a ghost, which I have always read and heard of as an essence, lias in its , ‘.shadowy being such quality of init-sdr us ' would enable it to turn that heavy man over from his side ou to his back l Iso, no, thought 1 ! depend upon it, either lie is alive and nuy presently come to himself, or " else in some wonderful way the lire in ‘thawing him has so wrought iu his frozen fibres as to cause him to turn, • Presently his left leg, that was slightly , bent towards tho furnace, stretched itself ; out to its full length, and my ear caught a . Taint ' sound, as of a weak and muluncholy -sigh. Gracious heaven, thought I, he is allvo ! and with less of terror than of pro found awe, now that I saw there was . nothing of a ghostly or preternatural cha racter in' this business, I approached and .. bent over him. His eyes were still shut, • . and 1 could not hear that ho breathed ; 1 there, was not the faintest motion of respi- ; ration in his breast nor stir in tho hair, that was now soft, about his mouth. Yet, so fur as the light would sutler mo to judge, there i whs a complexion in his face such as could \- only come with Mowing blood, however « languid its circulation, and putting this and the .sigh and the movement of the leg together, I felt convinced that thu man was i alive, and forthwith fell to work, very full i of awo and amazement to he sure, to help nature that was struggling in him. My first step was to heat some brandy, and whilst this was doing I pulled open his i coat uiulfreed his neck, fetching a coat from > tho cabin to serve as a pillow for his head. I < noxt removed his hoots and laid bare his feet i : .(which were encased in no less than four i pairs of thick woollen stockings, so that I thought when I, came to tho third pair I ' should find his legs made of stockings), and i after bathing his feet in hot water, of which i there was a kettleful, I rubbed them with ! hot brandy us hard as I could clmfe. I then i ' dealt with his hands in tho like manner, i having once been shipmate with a seaman 1 who told mo ho hud seen a sailor brought to i by severe rubbing of his extremeties after he ; •; hud been carried below supposed to be frozen to death, and continued this exercise till I could rub it no longer. Next I opened liis lips, and, finding lie wanted some of his front ' teeth, I very easily poured a dram of brandy : into his month. Though I preserved my astonishment all this while, I soon. dis ’ covered myself working with enthusiasm, with a most passionate longing indeed to . recover tho man, not only because it pleased f mo to think of my being an instrument ; • under God of calling a human being, so to speak, out of his grave, but because I yearned . for a companion, someone to address, to | lighten the hideous solitude of my condition , J lind to assist me in planning our do- . liverunco. / i v X built up a great fire, and with much , I: trouble, for ho was veryhcu\y, disposed him , .in such a maimer before it that the heat was .reflected all over the front of him from his ; . head to liis feet. I likewise continued to .* chafe his extremities, reiuittiug tins work V only to rest, and finding that the brandy , had stolen . down his throat, I poured another drum in and then another, till I • think lie had swallowed a pint. This went j • on for an hour, during which time lie never exhibited tho least sign of life ; but ou a . sudden he sighed deep, a tremor ran through him, ho sighed again and partly raised his . - right baud,.which fell, to the deck with a blow; his lips twitched, and a small eon vulsion of his faco compelled tho features , .into tho similitude of a grin that instantly . •- faded; then lie fetched a succession of ~ sighs and opened his eyes full upon me. I was warm enough with my work, but ’. when I observed him looking at mo X turned *" -of a death-like cold, and felt tho dew of an intolerable emotion wot in tho palms of my • hands. There was no speculation in liis r\ .stare at first; his eyes lay as coldly upon • mo as those of a fisli ; but as life quickened • in him so his understanding awoke; ho V . slightly knitted his brows, and very slowly I: roUod his gaze off mo to tho furnace aiid so i. .over us much of tho eook-ronni us was beforo him. Ho then started us if to sit up, but <'•' fell back with a slight groan and looked at \\. mo again. - ' •. ‘ What is this?1 said he in French, in a j , Tory hollow feeble voice. 'J'.: I know enough of Ids language hi enablo .mo to know he spoke in breach, hut that was all. I could not speak a syllable of that r... itongno. Vvy * You’ll bo feeling better presently; you j -.? must not expect your strength tocomoin a *,*,{ minute,* said I, hiking my chance of his f-iii understanding me, and speaking that ho •••might not think mo a ghost, for I doubt not \- I was os white as one ; since, to bo plain, tho • H.- more talking to a figure that X hod to con 1 ; ;;Kidcr u« Bhfcerly dead as anyl>ody iu a gravc * .yard was alarming enough, and then again thcW was the sound of my own voice, which y.fr .Y had not exerted in speech for ages, as it .aooinod to mo. ^ , Ho faintly nodded his head, by which I ‘ TKircbived ho understood me, ul said very ^faintly in English, but with a true French accent; 1 This is a hard bed, bit.’ rr , ,4 I’ll speedily mend that/ Haiti X, xuid. at once fetched a mattrOria from the cabin’ next mine ; thiH I placed beside him, and dragged him on to it, ho very weakly assisting. *1 -then brought clothes and rugs to cover him with, and made liim a high pillow, and us he \ lay eloso. to the furh^co’ hqt could ilot hayo j; been'snugger had hoiked a wifo -to tuck liim npmhiHowiV’bcd.; iv ' . ‘ ;*y j | v■. I was very', niuph' - excited ;my former | i.terrors had vamshod, but my a wo continued. | rTf-groat; for-1 licit nsif I luid yrxqUgKtft : (• ^ - ’miracle, and I drembledasyiimu would who i surveys somo prodigy of hisown creation.. It: i , was yet to be learnt how long ho hod been | 1 ’ in this condition ; but I wiw perfectly, sure \ f: lie had formed one of tho schooner’s pooplo, ■j . nnd as I hod guossed hen to have.hoop hero • ‘‘ for upwards of fifty years, the notion trf that .I.,- man having lain'torpid* for half a century \ i:-- held’me under a perpetual *pell ftf-ustonikh- •• : aneht; but there waa horror in .me . f' j.if;: ’’nor. fright. Ho followed i nib about with.his, | ^- <jyos, but did not offer io.sjkmk; pgrbups! hp • «ould not. I put a lmn^>;-Of ice-into thp yP».-;^ “kettle, and when tho water boiled-ipivdo hini 'V;':.' ft pint of Btoaming .thmdy tbinch/Which* Y ; V{* hdd'to his lips in a pHiinipii; whilst I «iip^ ;*f ’ ported, his back with^my kneo.; hc.-sUpp^d /it* 1 ;•* slowly and paipfully, hut; with unmi^akiiblp' ; !?:'■ relish,' and fetcliod aj sigh. '6t ^nteq^nentfts '.-. c. ■ be lfty bock. But hb/wptild r hoecV spmethitig; j i .•""? more - sustaining thju> brandy, • and * ,Water ; Published br wranifementTrith the author/ I ..and us I.guessed his stomach, after’so pro digious a fust, would bo too weak to. support such solids as beef,- or pork, or bacon, I mused a little, turning over iu my mind the contents of the larder (as I call it), all which time ]>o eyed me with bcwildernieut growing iu his face; and I then thought I could not do better th;m manufacture him a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised biscuit, and a pieeo of tongue minced very small. Thin did not take mo long in doing, tho tongue being near the furnace and soft enough for the knife, and there was nothing to melt but tho wine. When tho broth was ready I kneeled as before and fed him. lie ate greedily, and when the broth was gone looked as if lie would have been glad for ‘How, sir,’ says I, ‘sleep if you can with which he turned his head and in a few j minutes was sound asleep, breathing regu larly and deeply. 