Hawaiian Superstitions. Verandah Chat. BY BELLE OSBOUENE. " What a superstitious lot these Kanakas j are !"' says Joe. who is stretched out in the bamboo chair" on the verandah, the moon light throwing the shadow of the vines over bis long figure clad in white linen; " if they have the toothache, and it rains, why, heaven weeps in sympathy ; if the little*kciki steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry." 11 They never seem to think," says the navy ofScer. drowsily, from the hammock, that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartachc, by Jove! this would be a pretty d∓ place to live in !" I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, sureiy the most beautiful tiee' that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves, " Yes,'1 I say, reflectively-bang ! falls a mango on the roof-" they are full of a thousand little superstitious tricks and j mysteries : don't 3*011 know how they pound i little sticks into the ground before their j enemies' housesS .' What's that for?" from the bam- I mo ck. | -? It brings death to any one who steps on -| them. Oh. they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough ; but as sine as anything is the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their ka'm.-.'as." " And what micht a kahuna, be Z" "Oh, those kahunas J"' Joe gives an i m- | patient kick ; '. they make me tired I They do the awfulest things! They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the lire and gets burnt. Kahuna comes, eats a piece of roasted black pig-" %It is always a black pig," I interrupt, " and then they go to sleep and pretend to dream." "Who's telling this story?"-a man always thinks he can tcil a story better than his wife-" Wiicn he finishes his mummery ?with the black pig, or chicken. or cat, he heats a board red hot an 1 applies it to the burn. IIovv on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know." " The strangest thing to me," I remark, in ,v a meek snubbed way, ?' is the anaana " I've heard of that." said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving a momentary liembr.mdt effect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; " but do you really be lieve it 2" " Believe it! Why, the Kahunas have in their power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If they suspect the priest going to anaana them, or pray them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses, or all the king's men, to say nothing of the wliite doctors, can save them." '. Weil, you know," from Joe, "Doctor Thompson says that lie is absolutely power I less to save a man who is being prayed to i death. He says he has tried to argue with J them that their disease is not fatal and they | can not die, but thej prove their side of the / argument by giving up the ghost." j *? I remember when our ship was at Hilo," | said the navy officer, " we heard of a native I politician who got awfully angry at three Imen for not voting his ticket. He paid a kahuna a lot of money to anaana them. The I three men delied him for a time, and swag I gerea about, pretending not to care, but they ! gave right up to the first ailment they had ; I one died of a cold, another succumbed 1 to the mumps, and the third one simply kicked { the bucket because he realised that it was I his fate." j 1; They predicted when Like-Like was go I ins to die," I chip in. " You never saw her | did you ? She was young, bright, gay, and j the best looking of the royal family. She I dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltser, t and spoke English fluently. She seemed to 1 be above superstition, and yet she died when ! they said she would." i " And when was that When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so strange had she known of the event, but she died, ana it was after her death that the steamer came in from Hawaii with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her 1 last." i I wonder," says Joe, "if the lava flow ever j yet caught Pele's pig?" j * "I know," says the navy officer. <:thr«t j Pele is the Gotldess of Fire and lives in the I volcano. 1 know that she used to cxaei i human sacrifices, and that, even now. natives will 5:0 to tke volcano and drop money, /V,-\ and even dogs into the boiling lava-dud I never k:iew she owned such an unroniantic thing as a pig." Oh, she dosen't own him," I say " he is the pest of her life! ^he hates him. The natives saj' lie lives in the district of Ko;;a, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, lie comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. The}' say she gets hopping mad. and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him wita streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down the Ivor:a side of the mountain." .' Then how do they account for the great flow of 18<)S that came so near destroving Hilo " Oh that was such a blow to the mission aries !" I saj with a malicious chuckle. " They try so hard to combat the native su;> erstitions. There was a big eruption, arid a great fujvv rollcil down the mountain side to ! ward the pretty little town of llilo. I used i to think that lava rushed down, and people I had to run to get out of the way ; but it is like a huge wave of molasses. rolling rv.id i curling, and sending out'long, snaky ton-rues. { It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps j breaking through at the edge, and buUbling. , It was eight months crawling towards Hiio, until one more day's flow would have des troyed the town." Joe laughed. " Lord ! how the people were getting-out of Hiio 3 Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. The mis sionaries prayed every day by the flow, and r.ravers were offered up in all the churches. Jt did seem as though, after all these months, an a downward slope, nothing on eaith could save the town." " They appealed to . Princess I con- I tinue. .' She was the last descendant of the i great Kamchamehr.s, you know, and the i natives believed in her, so when they grew i frightened they sent for her, and the huge princess-" "Dear little thing!" laughs Joe She only Weighed four iumdered and eighty pounds'. ' " Well, they carried her in a litter to the j place, and she stood in front of the lava, and j threw in some sacrifices-1" j A black dog: some money, a bottle of gin. j and a silk dress," said Joe. j -'. And appealed to the Goddess I Vie, j begging her to save the town, and reminding j her of her promise never to harm Iiilo. j Then she said calmly to her servants ' 11 will j stop."" ?* jJo you know what she did ?" cried Joe, > enthusiastically ; " she went into a cottage in the very teeth of the llow, and slept. There's faith for you. And it stopped I The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped I And there you can see to this day the black hardened lavaonlv a'few yards from the outskirts of Hilo."' " Xo wonder they are superstitions," says the navy officer. ::Afew such coincidences. j would affect anybody. I wonder, though, if I tbe missionaries would bavc called it super J stition if the flow bad stopped in answer to I their prayers?" I " Don't you remember when Prince Lun 1 alilo was buried?" says Joe; "that was I enough to make anybody superstitious." j " What was thaithe navy ollijer sits up, I balancing himself in the hammock so that the | moonlight glitters on his blonde head. "Tell I us all about it." *' Ting-a-Jing-ting-.!-ling ?" " It's only the telephone," I say, as I go to the instrument. "Lieutenant B. wanted on beard the Adamsr " Ob, pshaw! * from the hammock. "That telephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes-I say, please rin<r up one-forty-eight for a carriage, will you ? and tell us about Prince Lanaiilo while it's coming." *? Well, I say. curling up comfortably in the corner of the steps, " he was an immense favorite, you know;" " Yus, 1 know-jolly fellow-beard lots of good stories about him." il When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other bis place of burial was afterward changed, and when J bis body was removed the natives asksd the j srovermnent for another salute of twenty ; foar guns, to which the answer came that ! ihey had already buried him with all tbe J honors, and didn't propose to waste any more | powder. The natives were hurt and indig 1 nant, and though a great storui came up, thousands followed his body to its last rest ing-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty, four distinct claps were counted.'" " Oh, take oil one clap," says the lieuten I ant, flippantly, as he looks for bis hat. "Well, 1 declare ! is that rain ? After this moonlight, who would have thought it! Well, good-bye. A hit a ntti, as the natives say." " Good-bye. So sorry to have you go. You see ; Heaven weeps i.r> sympathy.'" 