WHY FBAU FROHMANN RAISED HER PRICES. By ANTHONY TROLLOPE. Chapter I.— The Brcnnenthal Peacock. If every there was a Tory on earth, the Frau Frohmann was a Tory ; for I hold that landed possessions, gentle blood, a grey haired butler behind one's chair, and adherence to the Church of tngland, are not necessarily the distinguishing marks of Toryism. The The Frau Frohmann was a woman who loved power, but who loved it for those around her, — or at any rate to think that she so used it. She believed in the principles of despotism and paternal government, — but always on the understanding that she was to be the despot. In her heart of hearts she disliked education, thinking that it unfitted the minds of her humbler brethren for the duties of their lives. She hated, indeed, all changes, —changes in costume, changes in hours, changes in cookery, and changes in furniture ; but of all changes she perhaps hated changes in prices the most. Gradually there came overhera melancholy con viction that the world cannot altogethei go on unaltered. There was, she felt, a fate in things, — a necessity which, in some dark way within her own mind, she connected with the fall of Adam and the general imperfection of humanity, — which demanded changes, but there were always changes for the worst ; and therefore, though to those around her she was mostly silent on this matter, she was afflicted by a general idea that the world was going on towards ruin. That all things throve with her self was not sufficient for her comfort for, being a good woman with a large heart, she was anxious for the welfare not only of herself and of her children, but that of all who might come after her, at any rate in her own locality. Thus, when she found that there was a tendency to dine at one instead of twelve, to wear the same clothes on week days as on Sundays, to desire easy chairs, and linen that should be bleached absolutely while, thoughts as to the failing condition of the world would get the better of her and make her melancholy. The traits are perhaps the evidences of the weakness of Toryism ; — but when Frau Frohmann also had all its strength. She was thoroughly pervaded by a determination that, in as far as in her lay, all that had aught to do with herself should bs 'well-to-do' in the world. It was a grand ambition in her mind that every creature connected with her establishment, from the oldest and most time honoured guest sat down to the last stray cat that had taken refuge under her roof, should always have enough to eat. Hunger, unsatis fied hunger, disagreeable hunger, on the part of any dependent of hers, would have been a reproach to her. Her own eating troubled her little or not at all, but the cooking of the establishment generally was a great care to her mind. In bargaining she was perhaps hard, but hard only in getting what she believed to be her own right. Aristides was not more just. Of bonds, written bonds, her neighbours knew not much ; but her word for twenty miles round was as good as any bond. And though she was perhaps a little apt to domineer in her bargains. — to expect that she should fix the prices and to resent opposition, — it was only to the strong that she was tyrannical. The poor sick widow and the little orphan could generally deal with her at their own rates ; on which occasions she would endeavour to hide her dealings from own people, and would give injunctions to the favoured ones that the details of the transac tions should not be made public. And then, though the Frau was, I regret to say, no better than a Papist, she was a thoroughly religious woman, believing in real truth what she professed to believe, and complying, as fai as she knew how, with the ordinances of her. creed. Therefore I say that if 'ever there was a Torv, the Fran Frohmann was one. And now it will be well that the reader should see the residence of the Frau, and learn something of her condition in life. In one of the Tyrol, lying some miles south of Innsbruck, between that town and Brixen, there is a valley called the Brunnenthal, a most charming spot, in which all the delights of scenery may be fennd withoutjthe necessity ofclimbing up heart rending mountains, or sitting in oily steam boats, or playing for greedy guides, or riding upon ill-conditioned ponies. In this valley Frau Frohmann kept an hotel called the Pea cock, which, however, though it was known as an inn, and was called by that name, could hardly be regarded as a house of common public entertainment. Its purpose was to afford re creation and comfort to a certain class of cus tomers during the summer months, — persons well enough to do in the world to escape from their town work and their town residences for a short holiday, and desirous during that time of enjoying picturesque scenery, good living, moderate comfort, and some amount of society. Such institutions have now become so common that there is hardly any one who has not visited or at any rate seen such a place. They are to be found in every country in Europe, and are very common in A*T'*''*a Our own Scotland is full of them. But when the Peacock was first opened in the Brunnenthal they were not so general. Of the husband of the Frau there are not many records in the neighbourhood. The widow has been a widow for the last twenty years at least, and her children, — for she has a son and a daughter, — have no vivid memories of their father. The bouse and everything in it, and the adjacent farm, and toe right of cutting timber in the forests, and the neigh bouring quarry, are all the undoubted property of the Frau, who has a reputation for grea wealth. Though her son is perhags near! thirty, and is very diligent in the affairs of th establishment, he has no real authority. He is only, as it were, the out-of-doors right hand o* his mother, as his sister, who is perhaps five years younger, is an indoors right hand. But they are only hands. The brain, the 'intelli- gence, the mind, the will by which the Brunnenthal Peacock is conducted and man iged, come all from the Frau Frohmann herself. Fo this day she can hardly endure a suggestion either from Peter her son or from her daughter Amalia, who is known among her friends as Malchen, but is called ' the Fraulein' by the Brunnenthal world at large. A suggesrion as to the purchase of things new in their nature she will not stand at all, though she is liberal enough in maintaining the appurtenances of the house generally. But the Peacock is more than a bouse. It is almost a village ; and yet every shed, cottage, or barn at or near the place forms a part of the Frau's establishment. The centre or main building is a large ordinary house of three stories, — to the lower of which there is an as cent by some half-dozen stone steps, — covered with red tiles, and with gable ends crowded with innumerable windows. The gronnd-floor is devoted to kitchens, offices, the Frau's own uses, and the needs of the servants. Oa the first-story are the two living rooms of the guests, I the greater and by far the more important being devoted to earing and drinking. Here, at certain hours, are collected all the forces of the establishment, and especially at one o'clock, when, with many ringing of bells and great I struggles in the culinary department, the dinner I is served. For the adoption of this hour has I the Frau at last been driven by the increasing I infirmities of the world around her. The I scenery of the locality is lovely ; the air is con I sidered to be peculiary health-compelling : the I gossipings during the untrammelled idleness of I the day are very grateful to those whose lives j are generally labourious ; the love-makings are ! freauent. and no doubt sweet': skittles and joweis ana draughts and dominoes nave meir levotees ; and the smoking of many pipes fills lp the vacant hours of the men. But, at the Brunnenthal, dinner is the great jlory of the day. It would be vain for any esthetical guest who might conceive himself to be superior to the allurements of the table to make little of the Frau's dinner. Such a one had better seek other quarters for his summer's holiday. At the Brunnenthal Peacock it is necessary that yon should believe in the para mount importance of dinner. Not to come to it at the appointed time would create, first marvel in the Frau's mind, then pity, — as to the state of your health, — and at last hot anger should it be found that such neglect arose from contempt. What muse v/i\X assist me to describe these dinners in a few words ? They were commenced of course by soup, — real soup, not barley broth with a strong pre valence of the barley. Then would follow the boiled meats, from which the soup was supposed to have been made, — but such boiled meat, so good, that the supposition must have contained a falsehood. With this there would be always potatoes and pickled cabbages and various re- ' lishes. Then there would be two others kinds of meat, generally with accompaniment of stewed fruit : after that fish, — trout from the neighbouring stream, for the preservation of which tanks have been made. Vegetables with unknown sauces would follow; — and then would come the roast, which consisted always of ponltry, and was accompanied of course by salad. But it was after this that were made the efforts on which the Frau's fame most de pended. The puddings, I think, were the subject of her £*reatest struggles and most com plete success. Two puddings daily were, by the rules of the house, required to be eaten ; — not two puddings brought together so that you might choose with careless haste either one or the other ; but two separate courses of pud- j dings, with an interval between for apprecia tion, for thought, and for digestion. Either one or both can, no doubt be declined. No absolute punishment — such as notice to leave the house, — follows such abstention. But the Frau is displeased, and when dressed in her best on Sundays does not smile on those whr- abstain. After the puddings there is dessert, and there are little cakes to nible if you wi!!. They are nibbled very freely. But the heat of the battle is over with the second pudding. They have a great fame, these banquets ; so that ladies and gentlemen from Innsbruck have themselves driven out here to enjoy them. The distance each way is from two to three hours, so that a pleasant holiday is made by a visit to the Frau's estalishment. There is a ramble up to the waterfall and a smoking of pipes among the rocks, and pleasant opppor tunitiesfor secret whispers among young people ; but the Frau would not be well pleased if it were presumed that the great inducement for the visit were not to be fonnd in the dinner which she provides. In this way, though the guests at the house may not exceed perhaps thirty in num ber, it will sometimes be the case that nearly twice as many are seated at the. board. That the Frau has an eye to profit cannot be doubted. Fond of money she is certainly ; — fond of prosperity generally. But, judging from merely what comes beneath the eye, the obser ver will be led to suppose that her sole ambi tion on these occasions is to see the food which she has provided devoured by her guests. A weak stomach, a halting appetite, conscientious scruples as to tht over-enjoyment of victuals restraint in reference to subsequent excesses or subsequent eatings, — all these things are a scandal to her. If you can't or won't or don't eat your dinner when you get it, you ought not to go to the Brunnenthal Peacock. This banquetiog-hall, or Speise-Saal, oc cupies a great part of the first-floor ; but here also is the drawing-room, or reading-room, as it is called, having over the door ' Lese-Saal' painted, so that its purpose may not be doubted. But the reading-room is not much* and the guests generally spend their time chiefly out of doors or in their bedrooms when they were not banqueting. There are two other banquets, breakfast and supper, which need not be specially described' ; — Joat of the latter it may be said that it is a curtailed dinner, having limited courses of hot meat,' and only one pudding. On this floor there is a bedroom or two, and a nest of others above ; but the accommodation is chiefly afforded in other buildings, of which the opposite one is longer, though not so high as the central bouse ; and there is another, a little down the road, near the mill, and another as far up the stream, where the baths have been built, — an innovation to which Frau Frohmann did not lend herself without much inward suffering. And there are huge barns and many stables ; for the Frau keeps a post ing establishment, and 'a diligence passes the door three times each way in the course of the day and night, and the horses are changed at the Peacock ; or it was so, at any rate, in the days of which I am speaking, not very long ago. And there is the blacksmith's forge, and the great carpenter's shed, in which are not only are the carts and carriages mended, bat very much of the house furniture made. And there is the mill, as has been said before, in which corn is ground, and three or four cottages for married men, and a pretty little church, built by Frau herself, in which mass is performed by her favourite priest once a month, — for the parish chapel is nearly three miles distant if you walk by the mountain path, but is fully five if you have yourself carried round by the coach road. It must, I think, be many years since the Frau can have walked there, for she is a dame of portly dimensions. Whether the buildings'are in themselves pic turesque I will not pretend to say. I doubt whether there has been an attempt that way in regard to any one except the chapel. Bui chance has so grouped them, and nature has so sutrounded them, that you can hardly find any where a prettier spot. Behind the bouse, so as to leave only space for a little meadow which is always as green as irrigation can make it, a ! hill rises, not high enough to be called a moon tain, which is pine-clad from the foot to the summit In front and around the ground is broken, but immediately before the door there is a way up to a lateral valley, down which comes a nameless stream which, just below the house, makes its wav into rhp Tvil. ihe little nver which runs from the mountain to the inn, I taking its course through that meadow which I lies between the hill and the house. It is here, J a quarter of a mile perhaps up this little stream, j at a spot which is hidden by many turnings I from the road, that visitors come upon the j waterfall, — the waterfall which at Innsbruck is J so often made to be the excuse of these outings I which are in truth performed in quest of Frau Frohmann's dinners. Below the Peacock, j where the mill is placed, the valley is closely confined, as the sombre pine-forests rise abruptly on each side ; and here, or very little ] lower, is that gloomy and ghost-like pass through the rocks, which is called the Hollen thor ; a name which I will not translate. But it is a narrow ravine, very dark in dark weather, and at night as black as pitch. Among the superstituous people of the valley the spot is regarded with the awe which belonged to it in past ages. To visitors of the present day it is simply picturesque and sublime. Above the house the valley spreads itself, rising, however, rapidly ; and here modern* engineering has carried the road in various curves and turns round knolls Jof hill and spurs of mountains, till the traveller as he ascends hardly knows which way he is going. From one or two points among these curves the view down upon the Peacock with its various appendages, with its dark-red roofs, and many windows glitter ing in the sun, is so charming, that the tourist is almost led to think that they must all have been placed as they are with a view to effect. The Frau herself is what used to be called a personable woman. To say that she is hand' some would hardly convey a proper idea. Lei till* rf»nrlpr cimnnsp a vnmgn r\f ohnnt fifrir- VerT all and of large dimensions. It would be un- I ust to call her fat, because though very large I ihe. is still symmetrical. Wnen she is dressed I j n her full Tyrolese costume, which is always I j he case at a certain hour on Sunday, and on j i jther stated and by no means unfrequent days I - is to which I was never quite able to learn the j i exact rule, when she is so dressed her arms are j ; bare down from her shoulders, and such arms I j : never saw on any human being. Her back is I j very broad and her bust expansive. But her j . head stands erect upon it as the heud of some J old Juno, and in all her motions, — though I I doubt whether she could climb by the moun- I tain path to her parish church, — she displays a I certain stately alertness which forbids one to j call her fat. Her smile, when she really means to smile and to show thereby her good-will and I to be gracious, is as sweet as Hebe's. Then it I is that you see that in her prime she roust in j truth have been a lovely woman. There is at I tiiese moments a kindness in her eyes and a j playfulness about her mouth which is apt to 1 make you think that you can do what you like I with the Frau. Who has not at times been I charmed by the frolic playfulness of the tiger ? j Not that Frau Frohmar.n has aught of the I tiger in her nature but its power. But the j power is all there, and not unfrequently the I signs of power. If she be.thwartedi contra- I dieted, counselled by unauthorised counsellors, — above all if she be censured, — then the signs of power are shown. Then the Frau does not smile. At such times she is won: to speak her mind very plainly, and to make those who hear her understand that, within the precincts and purlieus of the Brunnenthal Peacock, she is an irresponsible despot. There have been guests there rash enough to find some trifling faults with the comforts provided for them, — whose beds perhaps have been too hard, or their towels too limited, or perhaps their hours not agreeably arranged for them. Few, how ever, have ever done so twice, and they who have so sinned, — and have then been told that the next diligence would take them quickly to Innsbruck if they were discontented, — have rarely stuck to their complaints and gone. The comforts of the house, and the prices charged, and the general charms of the place hare generally prevailed, — so that the complainants sometimes with spoken apologies, have in most cases sought permission to remain. In late years the Frau's certainty of victory has created a feeling that nothing is to be said against the arrangements of the Peacock. . A displeased guest can exercise his displeasure best by taking himself in silence. (TO BE CONTINUED.) The fall so far for the current month has been as follows : — 2nd. croio ; 4th, O'oio. Total to date, 1-880. Total to this time last year, 6765.* Total to date for 1886, 1780. Among the perils to which the unhealthy are liable is the danger of injury from rascally imita tions and worthless competitors of standard medicines. So familiar, however, is the public with Wolfe's Schnapps, that it is certain that bogus imitations and poisonous importa tions coiitinnaiiy put forward to supplant it will do far less harm than might otherwise be anticipated. No Medicine has had such a saie for curing ndigestion, as Cross's Indigestion Drops, and certainly no proprietor of a medicine has received so many testimonials as to its curative properties. It is with pleasure we call atten tion to this fact, as there are so many sufferers, and in nearly everv case it arises from inability to digest* the lfood. If our readers have any doubt to the vaue of the remedy we speak of, let them read the list of testimonials in another part of this paper. 'I DON'T WANT THAT STUFF,' Is what a lady of Boston said to her husband when he brought home some medicine to cure her of sick headache and neuralgia, 'which had made her miserable for fourteen years. At the first attack thereafter it was administered to her with such good results, that she continued its use till -cured, and made so enthusiastic in its praise, that she induced twentv-two of the best families in her circle to adopt it as their regular family medicine. That ' stuff' is Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters.— Standard. 