AN AYRSHIRE ANECDOTE. —Exchange. On one occasion the minister of an Ayrshire parish, carrying out an old custom, gave it out one Sunday that he would visit Balmurary the next Tues- day, and all the herds and others around about were to be there at the appointed time to be catechised. Adam M'Haflie was the herd there then, and the night before set off to the village for some bits of things to mense the house and entertain the minister and others, for there was aye a tea after the catechising was done. Among other things he had to get there was, of course, a bottle of whiskey, and when Adam was getting it who came in but Pate M'Ghie, the shoemaker, and he treated Adam to a gill, and Adam treated him, and the landlord treated them both, nnd they both treated the landlord, and kept it up till Adam was hardly able to stacker out of the village, with the bottle in liis breast-pocket and the groceries in the pock of his plaid. However, it was a good moonlight night, and he got on finely till just as he. was coming round his own house and he trippit over a graip that somebody had left lying, and fell breadth and length on the staues; and, as he tottered forward to fall the bottle came out of his pouch ! and went a ! to smash; and when he j fell he came right down on the broken j glass with his face, and cut himself most fearfullj". The wife heard the scraichs o’ him and ran out and had him carried in, and sorted up his face, making a terrible lamentation over the broken bottle, and wondering how ever Adam was going to face the minister in the morn. When the morn came it was decided to make the minister be lieve that Adam was from home, and keep him all the time shut up in the box bed, and this was done accordingly ; and when the people arrived and when the minister came an evasive reply was given to his enquiries about Adam. After going over the scandal of the district, as usual; the minister set them all up in a row and looked grave and all the people looked as solemn as if they • had been set up to be shot. Turning to Mrs M‘Hafiie, the minister said: ‘Well, Janet, as I think you are the oldest, and therefore the fittest person present I’ll just begin with you, and the first 1 question I have to ask you is this: What was it that occasioned the fall of Adam?- Janet looked as if she had seen a ghost, and thinking that some one had told the minister of her hus band’s adventure, she replied : ‘ Deed, sir, it was the graip, sir! Jle wasna that up, sir, aitlier; but he just trippit over the graip at the house en’, sir. It might happened tae yersel’, sir. He liadna aboon three gills in him, but the bottle made an unco hand o’ his face. Deed, ye ken everything sir, an’ it’s nae use trying to hide ocht frae ye. Adam, ye may come oot o’ the bed noo: the minister has heerd aboot it, though the Lord kens what liiumer tele him.’ Accordingly Adam opened the close-bed, and came out and showed himself, to the amazement of the minister, who could not understand the situation till Adam related the whole affair to the amusement of every one present, •and it soon became a by-word, 1 Hoo did Adam fall?’ ‘Ower a graip, sir.’ 