PEBESTRIMISM.: the ashfield handicap. .The Straight Tip. A Good Day's Sport at Carrington. Entry for .the-, Botany Gold Cup. Carrington Christmas Handicap. The Matches of Wednesday. Prime Frizes Promised. I (By ' Daintt Ariel '*) || Thero waa a moo attendance on tho ! barring ton Grounds when tho draw for tho ?ourth Stoepleohaso begun on Wednesday \ oat. Why a raoo ovor 2ft. Cm. hnrdlea, at i east a foot of w Li all in bruah that can ba gone ;hrouc[h, ihould bo called a Bteeplechano \ leponenter.yotli not, but so it is oalled in the Uds. and cards, qnd eo 1 nuppoue must I oall 1 1. Aftor tho dww tho first thing that ooca pied attention wax .tho half-milo matoh -for p50 botwoen: M.- v; Morrisaey, the widely icnown and muoh-liked, and Biohard Bushiok, Ivho hao lately mado n groit name aa a half. Icailer. Tho latter went away with a tHrao fcard load, taking enormous strides, whilo ilorrlessy ran in hie traoiss at a nioo, even fcaco. Bushiok was vary bad at tho turns, Snaking them appear muoh worso than they Ifcaally are, and when the lads passod the Jpnishing post tho sooond tima it was plainly j&pparont; that tho big Viotorian waa tiring. PSlorriBBcy ran two yards, in tho roar till Stho top bond, whoro ho oamo very faat, and faasumed tho. load just aa thoy entered the Istraight. Bushiok made a woll-sustained faffort to got np, but Morrioeoy, though far Ifrom finishing 6trong, was able to just koop Shis lead, and won in the very fair time of 2min 1 l-Saeo. In fnco of tho trials, fihown by Bushiok, a;id hia timo in the Botany win, this ahould have bo'en badly beaten. But first tho traokia not so last, and sooond Turkish baths aro not conducive tho strength' or stay, and I hear Bnshiok ha3 had half n- dozen of those Morvatincr luxuries during hia training. The Huidlo H«'.iuioap thea began, nnd Stevo Donovan, with 2 to I lai 3 on him in' tons, won.the first hoat in a trot by Ijdsfro'm Bartlott and four othors in 35 3-5 seo. .This was a good performance, his Btooli row for the final right away. Donovan can jump' theee little fences without tho slightest short or dwelling. Ho takes them in his lfride to perfection, and his plaoo in tho final. m e -anything fte1'- orsditablo to him. Two to 1 was laid on DocfighuoltsJAo neii, Dut Harry Miller, who left the Eame^lu^jk' 13yds); tuado it anything but a doad bird; ana Jhria. only won on tho worsted in 3Caoo, a jorformaMo that put him out of court for the final, Charlie Sanmelr, was baolcod.to a heavy es tont'bytho public for tho ihird hoat, bnt hi' Frionda wore anxious to kn--v .T. Sharp's prioe. rho oablo champion went off at a paoe that ioon mado itf»;ip.irrnt that. ho did not want this handicap. Seeing thut he would notoomo up and Shavp Nvas jigging, Jaok G-~odli£f yelled to Norman Campbell, his stable raito. to go on ond down tho pot. ? hia Campbell' did, beating Sharp homo by a, couple of 'yards in :!5 4 5aeo. Joo Price won tho fourth aftor i gallant raco with F Martineor in 3G 4 5soo, and in an even betting heat. Twos to 1 wero planked on Miok Learliinan in tho fifth, and that votermi hurdler ran homo with ridieul: us ease in 35 3 5aoo. Two to 1 v.' as laid on Harry Harris for tho sixth, but coming way from tli3 start at a groat bit, old Dou-iltl Blytli, who loft 24yd.?. romped homo Ui'- easiott of winners from the favourite ir 'Jii 1 0;ec. A clean skinner for tho bookmakoi a. following Ih'j prosrimais in order of run ning, wo now coma fro the teu-mil.i match for .£100, botweon W. J, Dime. of Sydney, and C. Shard, cf Melbourne. Both men woro wonderfully well, bub thn ovotit proved that tho Viotorian party mnst have been all astray in thoir timo trial*, us the little follow novor had a ghost of a nhow with Dunn. Tiiat alim young man glided a.vay from tho jump at a aplendid paco, moving lilto a machine. Ho kept on increasing hia Irnd'at a great rate, and when tho first milo was reo'.ocl off by the leader in 4miu SOjoo, I fur ono never thought hooould last.and so evidently thought Shard, or he would have ootno up a bit faster, snrely. Keeping up hi9 npeod vory consistently, Duun fcovoied 2 miloa in Din in 53aoc, and wan half a Bap ahead. Tho third milo wan paaaod inlomin Jl2s0O, and oarly in tho fourth Dunn lapped and led tho Victorian thus winning aomo jwagoro 'he had that way. Shard spurted a pit, and 'Dunn lot him havo tao load for a couple of miloa, that ia, tho lead in tho run Wiing, though a -lap b-hiiid J?onr miloa m j 20min 35300, fivo in 'JOmin 7iino, nix in ;-2ajin 2aoc. and seven in 37m:n ttnoa. v/oro chalked np, Dnnn luumncrpavi inUy iaths youngator'a ?trtvoks, and t-hoivby epoiHug what promised a rooord, as Shard h»3 oviiwutly no idoa of tho speed noosasr.ry tn b^at Dunn, fu tho second lap of tho eighth milo, Duun ran up and told Shard ho oould uot utop any longer wfth-him, and off ho wont on another lapping racfJodition. Ho was drav/iog a.vay as hn liked yfi tho baok atrotoh, and scoing the utter ho/elessnoso of continuing. Shard stopped, ptinn oamo_ off down tho straight at a haif-fltfoond bat, think ling ho had done-, but tho oommittoo sent him on whilo thoy got tho worsted up, and despite ?a stoppage and leaving tho track ho came home on tho fourth lap of ihOieighth milo, or :!50yds short of a mile, -as IfWtan a twoyear old, in 42tnin 22joo. Ho scurooly broathod harder than if ho had be^n walking, and in epite of tho frightful blazing heat; wan not tho least distressed. His condition reflected 'the greatest credit on his trainer, the astute Viokory. Tho betting began afresh on tho final of tho Hurdles, and tho fact that .(i friond of Learhinan'B was noticed iu curCpnt confab, with Donovan tanded to shorten/ Mick's aud extend tho others price. So yory doad a bird was it thought that thcnojli Campbell a gaffor baokod his man steadilf, that youth wont out at t'ao nioo prioa of A to 1 tfgainBt ; 8 to 4 was laid on lieavhinanAhrees against Donovan, tens tho rest. Tl®b was heavy wagering and a good do il ot^jfl^itement, . ( ' Joe Keari pulled to a *t, and from the way Campbell 11a w uj^HttuVaok stratoh and round tho bend it V to seo ho meant it. Down the stniig^Mikl'^nan began to gain ct ? every V' , ? most intenso fiXoitoment^^B^ Id shnuta fromLearhinan's buokers-^^H! ' P, Miok, ' 'and from bookmakers, tho old oraok hurdlor got loV^^^K. -Of oe' tho last hurdlo togotuor. » oHorts had got in thoir work, V ~hi, and Campbell beat him homci^^^Hb? ^ ,\l)on°' van, who oamo und tr^^^Be1' ?' i.p\cn ' '0 found Miok could not, , un3 late, was third, am! ...alP*'1, Thus twice in ti-» \ r,iC) l0'0,1: 'arrangers' flopped a tu, was a real heavy on8 110 joko the tlret. Tlifir vVru in one raoo thoy \an 