(Soofc Stories. The Mysterious Letter. A WELL AUTHENTICATED GHOST STOBY. A party of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship were telling ghost stories. The Rev. Mr. Cryder of the Church of England was of the party. He listened, but did not talk. When all the others had exerted all their ability in the production of goose pimples, a facetious youth urged Mr. Cryder, who was a man of much dignity, to tell bis experience. No one thought he would com ply. Cut be did. " Ten years ago," he said,l; i was a poor curate in a small Berkshire village, wheiec through the influence of some friends, £ received an invitation to preach a trial' ser-c mon at one of the London churches." - io time was to he lost, for I had to provjijleia substitute, arrange my ideas, pack my things,' and everthing being at last in proper s^Ape, I hastened to the railroad station to take Uic; lightning express for London. : J " S'.> absorbed was I in my thoughts, for aa call to L'irn1oii is an event in a young curate's life, I may fay t';e evert. that I paid no at tention to the suiroutidings, but suddenly I noticed a person walking before me on the plank road whom 1 had not seen before, lie was a stout, square built man, with red whiskers and a i he.id. who s.emcd to suffer intensely from the heat, for be carried his hat in tils hand and pulled out a larjre blue handkerchief, im doubt to wipe the perspiration from his brow.for it was a very sultry August day. In taking out his handkerchief he dropped a letter. I picked it up to give it to him, when sud denly I saw tiiat the address was in my mother's hand-writing-my sainted mother's, who bad been dead for more than live yeass. " T stopped in surprise. I rubbed my eves: but there it wa». my dear mother's well known writing, and the letter was ad dressed : " ' To the liMV. UlJXJAMIX CltYDEH. '.' Stonebridge, "County of Berkshire, " ' England.' " That was I. " There was no postmark on it, and I c:id not know whe'lier to open it or ask the red whiskered man for an explanation, when 1 heard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the station. I ran as fast as my legs woull carry me-ran, as it were, for dear life: for when I reached the station the train was gone, and so was tiie letter. I thought I must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot where I had found it, but in vain, and after an hour's needkss search, could do nothing but telegraph to London and resign myself to my fate, for it was the last train on Saturday night, aud I thought I had lost my only chance in life. " 4 Thy will be done,' I prayed that night, 'and if I am to remain a poor curate, let me thank Thee for Thy great mercy to have kept me away from ti)e wickedness of the great city and its manifold temptations.' " When next day 1 went to church, blight with cheerfulness, my paiishioner^ stared as if they had seen a ghost, and the sexton rushed forward, grasping me by both hands. .. * You alone saved, Mr. Cryder." "' Saved from what ?' ". From the railroad wreck.' . I don't know of any railroad wreck. Has there been an accidents "; Why, the train on which yon meant to go to London has been thrown down an em bankment. and nearly every passenger killed The ghost story tellers were speechless, and even the facetious yoijtli did not dare to doubt the reveread narrator's truthfulness. " Did you ever obtain a clue to tbafc mys terious letter ' Jlr. Cryder was asked. 11 Never, i regard it as an interference of my departed mother by special permission of Providence." i- And how did it end " 1 preached in London on the next Sun day and was installs 1 as rector of St. - ? Church a few weeks afterward. 