UNDER THE VERANDAH. A We may be ablo to dispose of our rabbits after all without having recourse to our natural enemies. A fresh application ha3 been mado to Mr. Dow for the groat prize that bo niutiy have striveu fur, and tho plan is so simple and, according to tho inventor's statement, so cer tain that I hasten to uiQko it kuowa for the information of my agricultural readers. Tho inventor says thut being out ono night iu n badly infested field with a lantern, he noticed tllat the rabbits seemed to be fascinated with the illumination aud mado uo effort to escape. They sat mid stared at tho light uutil they were literally walked on and trampled to death. Acting oil this idea, ho fastened n light to tlio crowu of his hat so as to leave both bauds free ; aud then with no weapon hut two sticks, ho poodily succeeded in completely cleaving hit pad. lock of vermin. In three trips with a cart and two !,.r ' ?">l could collect and carry 0fi t'i0 h'a- bunnies tlint cumbered the "roan J v ' says that the application For the rs',"? mado to him in writing, nnd that 1,» i"r ' fore unable, by personal cbscn-uth, , whether it was drink or mates l|, , lunate applicant was suffering from !, tho wording of the letter, he is incliu-l s r opinion thatjtlio man was oat oi his mi, i through the carelessness of l,i3 ffi„ succeeded in procuring somo had wLUt/' 1 Why cannot tho railway people' h „ prices of their tickets plainly uri:il,t'„, .. face of them? I would'ut for a momv 1 of doubting the porfect IrushYorthiimV-h? officials who sorvo out the little obloip L of pnstc-tioard to tho travelling p must say it would ho a satisfaction L receives n ticket and the change b |:M, ? ccrtnin that the latter is correct. T|iev- standing rale that errors in change nil! sjtV rectified otter you havo left the win-low J unless lyon know exactly what vourchj should be you must take what joa L be thankful. Shopkeepers don't mark lie, I on their goods, but you can always prawn , 1 bill for what, you pnrchoso. Besides the nil i way fares arc fixed. The clerk has no Ok® B lion in making n reduction for takingaqniniilj i as tlio shopman has, nnd I need hjtJ'viii B that civil nud obliging ns the railway oilirtf, 1 ere, a traveller would not be likoly to got ai i invoice for tlio tickets he purchased. Timo ii 1 no possible renson thut I can see for mvtiip ( i mystery of the prices, of tickets, I, at ctq 1 reason why tho tickets should be phjjjj 1 marked. Perhaps by the time tint pnte.-su, I made civil aud attontive, ttiis reform' alii t!,j I come. K Mrs. Gordon Baiilie is certainty s ,:rr 1 woman, and played her part well ivti-jn -tie mi I here. Mr. Dow, I nolicc, has observed aft 1 creet silence as to tho reservation of the Wil- son's Promontory .peninsula in tier favor. Sb I doclurcs that the Minister of Lands has givoi | her a lease of soma tons of thousands of sen B in Victoria for the Skyo Crofters, and up tolas present there lias heon no denial. This fc. nnting lady seonrs somehow to have liadtheknis'i: of getting at tho soft side of pros nice, S> lind editors of journals, both ia Edinburgh rai London, amongst her victim , and if Mr, )n 6uccurabcd to hop charms lie fell ia good cm. pany. It would ho interesting to get au exert report of tho conversations Hint too!; place is tho Minister's room, end to know whet!, or the alleged piomise was made before witnesses ft whether Mrs. Buillio had Mr. Dow Ml to her- self. And what about the other jouiusii-te Ministers ? Did she try it on with Mr. Dealie or Professor Pearson, or v. crc all her art; ex pended in tlio Lands Oilice? If instead of casting a ebvetous cyo on the barren liilli of Iti Promontory, tlrs lalontcd lady hud turned her attention to a water concession in the fat null ' country, what a' different ending there icijii have been to licr Australian irip. A lady teacher writes to me ia a stile oi indignation at what elite call the ' inr;!:a: selfishness " of somo of the males of her pi less ion. Sho says, "When it was proposed it I the annual coittercrice of touchers tills week u throw open the position of classifier to a certificated toacbcr somo men (?) had lit indecency to, object to it on the ground tint possibly a lady might be elected. And may l usk wiiy a lady should not bo elected ? Addl ing (o the lust report of the Minister there asn 1710 male teachers (that is head, assistant isi pupil teachers) iu tho service, white there sis 19 Id foinalo teachers, besides somo hundreds,.' work mistresses. T'ho other two classifiers in men, nud surely it is not asking tea inuwtha the third, who is elected by tho teachers, sties1! be a female ? I hear that the teachers' clsaitit gets £1100 a year, anil when his terra of ole.s is out ho becomes a first class teacher. IVbj should not such a prize as that bo held out " ono of tho 1044 women and girls ia the »' vico ? As things arc now its lbs only w»j woman could over outer tiro first class. Ri once, dear Alliens, wrote ill favor of n wcao having a seat' on the Public Service B» Help a woman— mind 1 dou't waut it for ®r- saif— io become ono of tho classifiers, and p' will endear yourself for ever to the fiei teachers of tho country. I declare inca aic t mo3t solfish creatures iu tho world ! ' d with you, my doar correspondent, and d pa®1' this much of your lotter. If it ,vtr0 ;1" . lishod I fear thoro would bo two or three >> actions against tho proprietors ot Th t ' You writo ns 6trongly as yon appear lo fix. Last week np ucar Ballarat smuo 's rushed from a houso at a monutcJ-c-.il-. 1 who was riding past, and tlio '''"'i'3,,' frightened throw his rider, who was I'ie '-' j unconscious nnd is not expected (o recover. this case gets iuto tlio Law Courts how bo decido.l ? It vrao hilcly bcld that Scbate- was responsible for bis dog biting a lie bail to pay damages nud costs. J other hand tho Privy Council doci - Mrs. Coultas was not oniitlcd lo dania0 I the serious injury oho sustainod through, us from a railway (rain. If tiro offer u dog is not roepousiblo it will follow ia ( will lmvo to pav if tho bruto lie keeps slight injury, but escapes if » And if tho owner is responsible U pay for his dog frighlcuing a horse ; is decided that tho railway conl'!""Vp,I1j3, not to pay for their train nearly n? woman to death ! The caso im'7 n u(!3ii before llio courts ; but if it docs uc lelJ that all the lawyers iu tho couulrv l (i, briefs for llio dog would argue (C< owner should cot pay, "hilo i wr.ft a-'aiiist the dig mey " ould argue that i Choi, Id. Ana if they wcro paid themselves v-'i d,.ubt very much if thoy. would caro in tho dMitc-'t who got a verdict 1 !f f. it n fact that some steam engines are con- "Lusted— just as orthodox Presbyterians be lieve some men are bom-that lliey may be ; .danmed? At last Sunday's meeting of the \- inf'inc drivers and firemen of tho Victorian railways it was stated that the engine that caused the broken rails nt Lauccfiold was regarded as a "flying watchmau," while "inotber driver said that, when 'he was once faking the engine oat for a spin tho man. in charge cautioned him by saying, "Look out she is » regular devil 1" When vicionsncss like this shows itself so strongly..; in pieces, of machinery is it auy wondor that' the churcli.es should have invented a place to send ricious human bciugs to ? If Edison's new phonograph the " Grapho- phone" fulfills ail the promises that Lave been lhade for it, it certainly will be one of the most wonderful inventions of this -ago of wonders, giatcsmcu can deliver their 'speeches info tho graphophoue, eloquent divines' preach their .sermons and singers sing their songs, and theso can he repeated a million of times over and in Anv corner of the world. Tliegraphophonc will, in fad, do for the human voice what the "photograph has done for tho human' face.' Wo will he able to hear as w'oll as see people ton thousands miles awav, and, "the sound of a "wee that is still " will bo' able to ring in our ears as long as we live. It is a ghost-like sort of idea to think that wc'shall thus bo able to -hear the dead talk, andiangh and sing ; and to . have iu Central Australia tho echo of the words that swayed senates in London or Washington, or the sweet strains of the songsters who delighted an audicnco in Paris or- Milan. If he graphopliono comes into general use for .Kcommcrcial purposes lis Mr. Edison antici pates it will effect a singular revolution; For ; one thing it will cause people to bo much more . exact in their spoken words than they arc ut present. One may he able to write a good feller who cannot speak half a dozsn sentences . connectedly. But when tho' spoken ' words remain 011 record lliey must' bo hs carefully weighed as if they wcro written. Which will Issomclliiiig lo bloss the graphopliono for. .-» It will be rather awkward by tiie way for . some members of Parliament, if- this talk- 'repeating machine is set to work in" the House. What an effect for instance would bo pro- .'fluccd by the phonagraphing of a Scene in .which some of the wildest cranks were on their' maddest rampage ! No "withdrawal" would alter the fact that the words " It's a lie, and he knows it!" wero used iu the legislative chamber of the country, that they were taken down iu the lion, gentleman's own voice, and that years after when tho sponkor had re- . pounced politics and perhaps bccomo a -decent ' member of society, the damning words would tarn up in somo friend's graphopliono to shnme him m iiis old age. What a high prico a .phonographic report of a scaue would fetch if .tho actors in it ever after became respect- Able! J Lord Randolph Churchill in the course of n speech in the House of Commons objected to Id. of British tax-payers' money going in sup; ' port of the colonisation of New Guinea. "If .Queensland," he said, " liked to embark upon ... inch enterprises she might do so, but the British taxpayer should not pay for them."' Lord Randolph has tho reputation of being the most .reckless speaker in the Imperial - Parliament, .sndif this is n sample of the manner in which ho discusses home questions wo. can seo that ho . deserves his character. For "a man who has been a Cabinet Minister to make such a state ment implies an nmouut of ignorauco that could not have been realised. Tho very thing that ho lays Queensland might do if sho liked, she tried .lo do and would hare dono without any cost to Ihc Empire, ii the Imperial authorities had not iJtejtraiueil her. But for tho meddling and muddling of tho Colonial Office- New Guinea . Would ho a British possession fo-day and a great possible source of danger in the future removed from Australia. It is not consoling for Aus tralians to think that the next shuffle of the ..political pack at home may put this gcntlcmeu . Jn a po.ilion where his words may affect the future of Australia for ages. ATTICUS. 