'JCJIE IlL kcK HOUSE INN. BY L, A. SAVORY. ' ! I was jast sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stcdman,: my- father's distant cousin, who kept-the-Dlack Iforse Inn on tho Sondls field turnpike. , I wns the oldest of six children, nnd with so many littlo m'onths to fill it -Is no wonder that when. Mr,_, Stcdmrin avroto that sho wanted a well lirought up girl ns an assist ant, not ns a servant, my paronts gladly con sented to- let mc go, particularly ns she was a renowned housekeeper, and had the reputa tion of making'itho best pieties, preservers nnd home-made wfne, of anybody in all the country- round about. My duties were to assist in the sowing, keeping tbo accoiints.of the inn, and any othor light labor which was required. My father accompanied rao lo B nrid' saw mo settled in tho mail coach, which passod through Rondisfielil twice a' week. It wns before the days of railroads, and It was quite dark whon wo drew up to tlio "Illnck Iforse," whero the passengore wero to epend tho night. Tho house wns largo, and situated on the high -road whore tho Bondlslleld turnpike crossed tlra road from Newtown to War; Chester. It had every convenlenco of yard and stablo, a good garden, n lino orclmrd.nnd a largo farm nttnehed. It stood on high- ground, and commanded a view for many a .mile over tho country. . Tho B- — mail-coach stopped over night thoro twice a week, beside, tho daily ensnh from Noivtown to Wnrehester changed horses there, nnd all tho fanners on their Way to market, peddlers rind travelleis, cither on horsobaek or in carriages, nlways stopped at tho. "Black Horse," for rest and refresh ment. . " . Mrs. Stcdman wns a - tall, angular woman of about sixtyt her hair, which wns white as snow, eho woro piiffeM high on hor head, un covered by tho cap which In thoso days was universal. Shu find bright black eyes nn(F>a high color, I hhvo heard sho was- a- con firmed opium 'Cater. X' think sho bed tbo most aoycro countennneo I ever saw, and'ono wasi.careful of one's conduct btfforo lier. "Tlioro wn5 110 E08S'P between tlio men and the molds at' tbo "Black Horse." and -woo betide tho luckless kitchen girl or stablo boy Who dared , to laugh in hor presence. , I hud .beard her story before icainG there. Bho was early fef t n widow, with a bcautifnl daughter, whom sho idolised : but tho son arid holr of a rloh man from'a dlBbant city, who camo to fish in tlio waters of thai tnijl-dam, -had induced her to olopo with him ; It was notsupposcdthoB ho had married her. Her mother wns a woinnn of high spirit, strict and proud. Sho never forgave tho man or her (lnughlor; It was said she hod returned their letters unopened. At all events, no one ever spoko of Clara Stcd man, and it had been moro than fifteen yonre. since 'the day when she Bed with her young lp'vcr. , , Mrs, b'tcdmnn wns very kind to me ; bnt if i hnd been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen nro, I'm afraid I should have found tt firctty dull In tho old houso, after tho cbocr- ess November days camo on ; bat I applied myself to learning how to mnko tho various viands for which tho house was famous, nnd nt other times I hemmed towels nnd tohlo linen; besido there wns always the books to keep, which had to bo attended to every night. Mrs. Stcdman's room was a largo oner up stairs, In nnL of tho bonso ; there was a flight of stairs lending from it down to a' largo closet, between the kitchen and dining- room. This closet was ft sort of butler's pantry ; In It wore kept tbo best china and glnsswnrc, cutlery nnd tabic linen, nnd (in tho top shelves many of tho preservers and jellies. A trap door led to tho ccllnr below, where tho' wines and othor ' commodities were. f often sat at the old secretary In Mrs. Stcdman's chamber costing up accounts or writing uf recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with 'Innumerable drnwere nnd pigeon holes, Sho often opened tho drawers nnd showed mo their contents; rare apices nnd drags and essences ; costly at the timo of ray story, and not common yet. Mixtures fur yUf Oi!IIIl7p JIUVVUL.10 lUf UUqfiU |IJ| moths, nrvl a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was norcr known to fail. This was a whito powder, securely scaled in a glass bottle. I suppose now it was antcnic, but 1 did not know it then. I mast havo been In groAt favor with bcr or she would norcr bavo shown me all these treasures, but I think it was bccauso I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity. It was about the tniddlo of November. The country fairs and festivals .wero over for the sroson, and travellers who had so often stopped at tho "Illnck Iforse" during the summer wero few and far between now (hat tho days wero growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alono relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stcdman bnd bcr apples nnd vegetables gathered, her corn haryesto f and husked, hor cattle and swine killed and salted. Wo bad fairly settled down for tho Winters quiet,' when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to tho dining-room window doing some sawing, and Mrs. Stcdman was in her own room/puttiiigaway the linen from tho weekly wneh, tho sound of horse's hoofs mado mo look out upon tho road, and there I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horso, riding straight up to tho stablo door. As bo dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsofno man, of about thirty-cigbt or .forty. He had a good-natured look, liko ono who takes tho world easy, and at tlio same timo thero was a good deal of determination about his well? shaped, mouth. f lio walked in as if the placo were familiar to him, and asked if Mrs. Stodman were at homo and if he could havo dinner. Before I could answer cither question, she came down stairs and received tho gentleman witb-moTO ceremony and respect than I had: ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to ber, 'I thought he glanced sharply at bcr, at flrst, and tbeu. seemed satisfied ; for he eutored the parlor, which eho opened for him, tin <'in a careless way flung himself d jwn in an easy chair before the fire, toawnit dinner. ' Mrs. Stolmnii seemed greatly excited. She told mo to lay tho table, with the beat linen, silver and china, nnd went ber self into tho. kitchen to superintend Patty whilo she cooked tho meal, ;a thing sho seldom did for anybody. Sha sent mo into tho cellar for a bottle of the .best wine it contained, and told mo to pour it into tlio nicest cut-glass decanter. I had an idea thntsho bad discovered tbo gentleman to bo some grcat porsonnge — tho governor, perhaps, travailing in disguise, and foe that reason trcntcd him with such respect. ' When tho tablo wns nil laid, find tho dinner ready to bo set upon-it, Mrs. Stcdman: told mo to go hj?ain into tlio cellar for a cortain famous pickle she kept thoro, I did as I was told, and aho went up to her room. ; As I have said beforo, thorp was n trnpy door leading to tlio collar, in the closet whoro tluVRfnlrfl lirar rnnmiwatn :''Tfc wns not dircctiy unflcrthcm,nn(U suppose I was not gono so long as she expected, for, as I came hp with thepicklo jar I saw horswiftly descend the stairs with' tho senled bottlo con taining the white, powder in her lrnnds | nnd going to tho .tahlo shook a littlo of itfnto tbo winoqlass, nnd ponring somo wine out of tho dccsntcr sho filled the glass nnd called out to riio— still in the collar as sho supposed, to: opon tlio parlor door, nnd say to tho gentle man that dinner was' served. Then eho quickly wont np.to hor room again. - I was so horrified at wlmt I had scon that, for a moment, I could notfmovo ; thon— and. I shall never know what impelled me; some; thing I could not help— I rushed to tho tftblc, seized the wina glass, nnd pitched it nnd Its contents out of tho window. As I did bo I heard a slight noise nciir tho parlor door, and thoro Btood tbo goritleman observing mo. " And so that's her game; Is it 2" lio said, half to himself. " Ilo stood silently for a moment, thon bo turned to mo nnd said : " "I saw tlio wholo of -It, my. girl j go and ask Mrs, Stodmnn to coiqu hero," , Ididns she bade me; nnd presently she enme. Her face \TO3 deadly palcpnd her black eyes lmd an unearthly brightness. The gontlomnn drew ft step or two iienrer, and said-: \- "You recognise mo,T soo, Mrs. Stcdmnn." ." Don't I J" sho nnswered, in ft low volco. Tho gentleman laughed, ," If I had pnrtnkcn of your hospitality, my wife might hnvo been a widow at the hands of her own mother," At theso words I- saw Mis. Stcdman chnngo '"\Vrio?"shs'fftltorcd, . _ . ?' Yos, my honored wifo, nnd tho mother of my children— your daughter Clnrn. Of course I married her; I lind no intention. of doing ol'..o( wise. .It wns dono prlvatoly, to keop it from my father. If yon lmd not been too cursedly proud to open bar letters, you would lmvo Udow it. long ago. By Ocorgo 1 you're not going to faint!" for Mm. Stcdmnn sank down on tho floor without n word. ' I screnm'cd, and tho cook nnd tho kitchen maid camo running lo, and between us wa raised her and placed her on tho sofa; bat presently sho started up and wont to her own rooni, nnd wo heard hor look tho door. " Jlissus has aeon a ghost,' tho kitchen maid said. Tho cook hinted darkly nt "spasms," bnt Mr. Livingstone and I looked nt each other without a word. ' 'IWell, I suppose I can havo my dinner now," ho snld, at last,. And I -must say'ho ale it with is bettor ap petite than I should havo supposed' possible under the circumstances. IIo 'even drank soma of tho wine, and ' praised -'its ' rino flavor. Toward sunset ho rode . away, -leav'ng'-'d' noto for'Mrs! Stedmnn. Wo nll went nbout our business; for work novor slacked In tb'af house, and tho evening conoh was- expected; It cnmo wlth tho nsunl bustle of changing horses and getting supper - for tho passon-' gbrs ; but ffra.';Stcdmftndid not nppcur, nor did we heair from hor nntl| nearly noon tho next day, whon her boll rang, and tho maid said Mrs; Stodman wanted mo. I Wont npi' to ho? room, and' nuch a change I bird not expected to see. Hor faco was as -white' as hor hrilr, rind her hand' shook visibly. Sho extended toward me a long knitted purse which wus filled with gold. "Alico," aho snid, "yon are a good girl; take this, rind to-night -when tho B — — conch starts, go homo to your' parents.' I will take, care that no blame is attached to you." " I don't want monojr,' Mm. Stcdmrin, but I will go homo If you will lot me, and tell no ono but my father and mother," I said, . " ' , She held out tho pnmo and pointed to the door, and I loft tho room and hasttly packed my trunk ; nnd when tho' coach was ready, got In arid started for homo. My parents wore very much surprised whon it set mo down at tho door, and thoy were still more astonished when I told my itory. Mrs, Stcdman continued to keop tho "Black .Horso Inn" ten years' longer, when one morning she was found dead In hor bed. , Sho never visited ber daughter; but I have henrd that Olrira nnd her children passed a few weeks with her evory summcr. Mr. Livingston sho novor saw again. When hor will was read it was found thnt sho bad divided her property In equal shares between her eldest grandson StedmanLlvlngBton, rind myself 