TALE. I A Visit from A Corpse, Ahi l Za bclla signorina f pitlliiktla c stanca!) poverhm !' Theso words wero addressed to mei years ago by tlie padrona of a Hotel, which; my mother and I had just reaohed, after ai long fatiguing night journey, and, trivial as they may appear, I remember them distinct- , ly, as well as every other oironmstance that; occurred daring the eventful four-and-twenty j hours which succeeded our arrival at thoi Hotel d'Oro in Florence, on the 17th of Sep tember, 184 — . My lately widowed mother and myself (a girl of seventeen) had been traveling in Italy formonths, after an aimless, erratio fashion ; for she, poor soul, was endeavouring, through ohange of scene and fatigue of body, tj deaden the memory of her grief ; and we had started the night before from A — --to avoid tho heat of a day journey, arriving in the early morn- : ingat the HOtel d'Oro, an imposing building: situated on the banks of the Arno, and former- ! ? ly a palace of tho Este and Borgia1 families, whose qnaint monograms and devices orna mented its walls, both within and without. We were conducted to our apartments by the pretty padrona, and, as we wearily passed through the magnificent voatibulo and as cended the broad marble stairoase, I was curiously reminded (my nerves ing prob ably in an irritated condition) of ' pioture I had seen in a ohild'satjry-bijk, of a pretty; little girl with long hair, who ia mounting a : stair leading to a hanging gallery, so exactly liko the one before na that as we came to an ; abrupt turn I positively stopped and shud-; dered, expecting to bo met (as in tho picture) by a cruel-faced, velveSfooted panther, whioh was waiting round the corner with open mouth and glaring eyo to spring upon its unsuspecting victim ! A silly, childish story, no doubt, but just one of those which; would cling to one's memory. ? - The viators' apartments on the first piano ot the HOtel d'Oro opened upon the hanging: gallory, and wo wero conduetcd to ours through a doorway concealed by a heavy' piece of tapestry. 1 Is the signora satisfied?' asked tho pa drona, as with pardonable prido she threw i open the door of a spacious and beautiful' union, whioh owned French windows,' oponing upon a delightful roomy balcony. - ' Oh, yes !' answered my mother, wearily ;; 1 but pray tako us at once to our sleeping-, rooms, for we ate very tired,' The padrontt took tho hint, and led us to two rooms leading out of the salon and into \- eaoh other, whioh were beautifully furnished, \- bnfc one was so small that I indignantly ex claimed: ' Mamma ! I really can't sleep iu a bux\— and in this heat, too ! ' ' Have you any other room .vou could givo Lady Muriel f ' my mother asked the padrona, who reflooted for a moment and then said : ' I have, signora. It belongs to a suito of rooms prepared for the Russia' Princess Lipetska and her siok son and attendants, whom we expect, in a few -hours ; but the Doctor, who engaged them, desired us to shut up three or four of tho bed-rooms, as there was too many; so Lidy Muriel's maid . . could sleep there also — close to her — iust aoross the gallery. ' My mother said: * If you are sure, you havo a right to givo her these rooms, that will do perfootly.' So all being satisfactorily arranged, I betook myself to my apartment, accompanied by tho pailro'i a', but when I first entered it, my spirits (generally daring to a fault) went down to zero. Tho room was so largo ! So gloomy ! The walls wero hung with dingy tapestry, which trembled and flapped eaoh time a door was shut, or ? that ono walked aoross the room ; making tho grotesque and hideous figures represented upon it, seemingly instinct with life and with an agony of eagerness to leap from the walls and proffer me a dreadful welcome ! The bed, too, was far from reassuring in its . ghost-like grandeur. It was a car red oak 'four-poster'; an ivory and ebony oruoifix was nailed at Us head, tho curtains were dark green velvet, and plumes of feathers waivod at eaoh sorner of the canopy, being constant ly stirred by mysterious gusts of air, and omitting a rustling sound suggestive of dead leaves — -melancholy in the extreme. Added to all this I counted five doors in the room, . and tho padrona, noticing my uneasy glanoes ,-.j towards them, assured me thoy woro looked, proving her words by pushing and pulling . ''them violently while turning tho handles, at tho samo timo talking volubly in Italian. I was, of course, obliged, after the goo'd lady's exertions, to profess myself satisfied, and she was just leaving the room when the belt whioh hung in the court yard began to ring and the padrona, rnnning with apologies to my baloony, whioh ovorhung the , grand en trance, oalled out hastily : c Lady Muriel I. ! Heeo la priticipessa e-l it principc ! guarda !' and thon hurried down-stairn. I ran and- looked out, and true enough, the Russians had arrived, hours ;beforo they wero txpeoted, and with muoh ourioBity I watobed thom as thoy alighted. There were several clumsy vehicles, eaoh drawn by threo horsiSB; the Princess and her lady occupying tho first. Tho Prinoess was helped out of her carriage by two footinon (tho exaot counterpart of paoh other), having greasy ICalmuo faces, flat noses and oyes la Chinoise, and she seemed tall and finely formed, with a oloar, pale complexion, tawny colored hair and eyo-lashes (the latter being unusually thick and long), and walked with singular dignity .as .sho entered the hotel. ? The oooupants of the second vehiclo (a sort of invalid carriage) groatly interested me. First a priest, with lowering faco and shovel hat, and who had seemingly descended from ono of tho carriages at tho rear, entered tho bed-carriage, and proceode'd tch hand out a bag, some pillows and a fur rug ; then giving a sign to tho footmen, they Eorambled up the carriage steps like performing monkoys, and slowly and carefully drew forth the long lanky legs of a boy. of about sixteen, whoso shoulders and head were supportod:by a serious-looking young: man, who, I sub sequently learned was an English dootor. Tho young Prince seemed vory ill, for ho neither spoke nor moved, and took no'notico of anyone. I was eager to see his face, but both doctor and priest woro determined ho should not be exposed to tho vulgar gaze, for his cap was pulled over his oyes, and his figure was enveloped in a largo shawl ; but as he was being disengaged from tho oarriage his head fell baokward and his - cap slipped off, and in his anxiety to catoh it, ono of tho servants entangled his foot iu tho shawl, dragging it complotely off ; and although the priest hastily replaced it and tho cap (casting meanwhilo a withering look at the terrified menial), he did not prevent my ^having a momontary viow of tho thin- faoo and. ema oiatcd figuro of the sick boy. : Hewas deadly; pale, his eyes wero closed and he appeared, unconscious of ali'around ; till strangely, and for an instant (during the exoitement oaused by loss of his cap), I fancied he slightly opened his oyes— and looked at mo ! but he was carried so quickly into tho hotel that I could not be certain of the faot. I felt no further interest in the occupants of the other carriages, but I longed to see all I could of the Prince and his strange entourage, so I crept into tho gallery overlooking tho marble hall, and waited ; knowing that, as his apartments were next to mine, the Prince must pass that way. . As I leaned over the gallery balustrade, watching, I fancied there seemed some delay, some consternation in tho hall among the attendants, but I was too far off to make out the cause; at last, however, I saw them coming, carrying the Prinoe up the stairs on a stretoher. As soon as they had nearly reaohed the landing, I ran back and hid myself behind my own door to see them go by. It was quite a procession. First camo the Princess (how beautiful she was, , and how arrogant she looked 1), and by her side was the priest, talking in low, agitated whispers, while she appeared to listen in proud, sullen silence. Then the seomingly inanimate body ' ?was carried by, by tlie dootor (whose face was deadly pale) and some servants. As the Prince and his bearers passed I involuntarily moredoufc of my hiding- place, and the dootor perceiving me, started slightly, and again I thought the sick boy's heavy eyelids quivered and slightly unclosed. Ho was followed by a troop of dirty, savage-looking servants, who ohattered noisily in some gutteral tongue as they walked, until the priest turned and frowned them into silence. All excitement being now over, Hay down and. endeavored to sleep, but my mind would nofc re8t; so, after tossing about uneasily for an hour or two, I rose and ran in to my mother, and, as I was relating to her all I had seen, the padrona knocked and anxiously craved an interview, and began a long story, speaking so rapidly in Italian that. I could, not understand her ; but my mothor, being a good linguist, did, and was evidently deep ly interested in what she heard ; gradually, however, a look of hoiror overspread her face, and finally, pointing at me, she put her finger upon hor lip, a gesture whioh apprised me, of course, that something was going for ward which I was not to know, and whioh equally, of course, dcoided me upon discover ing what that ' something * was ; so, losing no time, I ran to my maid Eusotte, who. was arranging iny room, and asked what had happened. At first she refused to tell me, increasing my curiosity a hundred-fold by adding, ' The padrona had begged her to be silent.' . Eventually ' the Frenohr woman's love of gossip got the upper hand, and with many nods and winks and ' hushes ' she con fided to mo that tho young Prince .was— dead ! 'Dead !' I gapped. 1 Yes, dead !' reiterated Susette. She theu proceeded to say that tho young man had been so ill during tho journey that tho dootor. doubted his arriving alive, but the Prince had suoh a longing to get to* Florence that they hurried on. The dootor insisted upon travelling alone with hia patient, (great care and quiet being indispensable) ; but when they arrived within a few miles of Fioronce, tho Prince was taken so suddenly wor6e that tho carriages wero stopped, and the dootor called -in the priest, considering death imminent ; the invalid lived, howevor, to be lifted into the hotel, but as ho was being carried through tho marble hall, the doctor, called out to the bearers to stop, and before tho poor fellow could be placed upon a couoh — he expired. V was too awe 'Stricken to speak ; but when my astonishment had in a measure subsided, I began to reason, and I said to Susette : 1 'Who told you this F* * Th q padrona * answered the maid, 1 Did Bfie eiee it happen ?' * No,1 said Susette, 'the Princess begged the padrone and hia wife to stay behind and superintend the unloading of tho carriages, so that the Prince's luggage might be brought up at once. The dame- dc compagmc told the padrona. how it nil ocourred, and ?ho told me.' VWeiy I exclaimed, excitedly, ' it is ft very odd story, for I saw tho young Prince's face twice1, and ho looked exactly the same both times, very palo and quiet, but not dead.' ' Hush, Lady Muriel,' whispered Susette : 1 do not. speak so loud, for the padrona in the hurry and distress of the arrival, did not mention to tho Princess that you were in this room ; sho told the doctor ? ' And what did ho say I askod quiokly,: 'Ho seemed put out at first, and said ho feared tho Princess would bo'displeased, but whon tho padrone told him that you woro 1 only a si gnorina ' he seemed satisfied. ' . 1 And you allowed mo to stay all ;this timo in a room to whioh I had no right,' I oxelaimed hotly (my dignity boinj?:hurt- also, at beiug considered a nononiity). 'How could you do so? I shall go at onco to mamma, and ? ' . ' Wait, Lady Muriel,' interrupted SuBette \ 4I will seo tho padrona, when she can attond to us ; at present thoy aro all iu suoh troublo about tho Princo's death.' ' I do not beliovo he is dead, for as ho passed me I am almost sure ho opened his eyes and looked at me !? 1 Poople'a eyes aro ofton half ; open when they are dead,' said Susette. 'Maybe,' I argued; 'but people don't opon thoir oyes after thoy arc dead.' ' Ah ! bah !' said Susetto, irritably, anoyed at her story boing doubted, 4 tho Princo is dead now, at all events, for I stood by while you were lying dotvn, and I saw crosses, tapers, pictures and all kinds of thiogs being carried iuto his room, and tho Dootor saw mo and oame up hastily to mo, and said ho had not yet told the Princess that you slept in that room, and that I had hotter keep it quiet at present. Then ho asked who- you wereP How old ? 'Whether^ you slept alone ? And then he asked me to do him a favor, for he could not, ho said, loavo the room for u moment himself, so would I fetch one of tho footmen, Ivan by namo, as ho must tell him to go out and buy flowers for the death chamber; so I fctohed him, and on' my return the Doctor put a gold pieoe in my hand and said, as he could not speak Italian, he might want my help again.' I would not answer Susetto, and I told her to leave me, fori was annoyed at getting mixed up with tho Bussians, angry, too, with tho Doctor for offering money to my ?naid, and still more angry with her for taking it ; then — what could ho mean, saying he might want Susett's help ftgain? Surely there were Russians enough to do thoir own behests. 4 There:is something strango about it all,' I soliloquized, ' and I hate theso Kussians — I don't know why — and I will not remain among thom; I will move into ' tho box' at once.' Having thus lashed myself iuto a state of high wrath, I burst out of my room into the passage, and to my unspeakable annoy ance, I ran up against tho priest, who (with the'Princess) was standing at my door. I murmured, 'Pardon!' and would have passed on, but the Princess, looking amazed at my appearance, came forward and said civilly: 4 Ah I pretty Lady Muriel, I heard you were in tho hotel ; have you lost your way P the galleries are so alike. Shall I conduct you back to your room ? 'Whare do you sleep?' 'Here, madamo,' I said rather defiantly, pointing to my room, determined to show that I had nothing to hide. The lady looked surprised, but quickly recovering herself, said : 'Ah ! so near us ! You are in the midst of much sorrow.' '.'The young Prince,1 1 said awkwardly— ?how is he?' ' Ah 1 you do not know ; ho is dead, alas !' I had no time to reply, for the priest, who had been watching! me intently, came forward and whispered in tho Princess' ear, upon whioh shejsaid to mo : ''Would you like to see my poor son — yourself ?' I hesitated — for I had nover seen death — but I was ourious, vory curious, aud the Princess seeing my hesitation, took mo firmly by tho hand, ; and oponing the door of her apartments, led mo in. For a moment I was perfectly dazed at what met my sight. Tho room was large and in utter darkness, except immediately round the couch upon which the dead Princo lay, and there innumeiablo candles of all sizes were blazing like a fiery barrier defend ing him from the outer world. The Doctor was standing oloso to the body, burning somo condiment whioh he held in a dish ; ho looked steadily at me and gently drew down^the whito coverlet, whioh shrouded tho whole figure, from off the head and upper portion of the body, so that I might seo the sad but beautiful face, whioh was as whito as the roses and camellias whioh surrounded it. Tho hiir, eyebrows and eyelashes wero very black, and the pale, slender fingers were lightly crossed over a oruoifix which rested on tho breast. I ga zed tearfully at tho pathetic young face, which seemed hardly, if at all changed. 'How exquisito 1' I sighed, 'and how quickly everything has been arranged ! May I go nearer?'. ' Yes,' answered the Princess, 'but not within the lights ; but — how pale you are ! You had better stay no longer.' ' There is suoli a strange, sweet smell, whioh overcomes me.' ? ' Ah ! from the violets and Cape jasmine : we oan none of ub stay in the room ; but you are so pale ! You must como away.' Then putting her handkerchief up to her'oyeg she added : ' Ho will be buried to-morrow ; they bury so quickly here.' 'Poor boy,' I ejaculated, Jburst into tears. 'You will tell Madame la Oomtesse,' said the Princess, 'how calm, how happy he looks, and that we have had a devoted English dootor all through ; ho is hero now, you seo, and he will not leave Michael's room, oven to eat.' I looked at the Dootor as sho spoko, and fancied IJmw tho ghost of a smile fiit over his faco, and not feeling kindly disposed toward him, I said to myself, ' Heartless,, liko all the rest,' then turning to tho Princess, I (aid coldly : ' I will tell my mother that I havo seen you, Madamo, and your poor son, but,' I added, hesitatingly, ' docs he look calm and happy ? Is there not — rather — a look oifcar upon his faco ?' The Princess answered shortly, ' Perhaps you have never seen death before ?' * No, madame,' I returned, 4 but if all dead faces look as beautiful, as full of pathos as this one, why shonld people ever dread seeing them t* With this I courteeied ceremoniously to tho Princess and left her, and, after hastily dressing for a drive, I joined my mother and related to heir all I had seen and heard. My mothor was rather startled whon sho heard my account ; but seeing I had sustained no nerve shook, sho only said ; 'I hope, darling, tho young man died of nothing infeotious?' ' Oh, no, mama ; he has been ill fcr a long time ; the Prinoess told me so.' ' I wish sho bad not spoken to you, Muriel ; 'I begged the padrona to tell you nothing about it, for fear of alarming you. I hope the room you sleep in is not next the Prince's, or you will bo frightened.' 'It takes a great deal to alarm me, mamma,' I said evasively, and with a con temptuous laugh ; so, after this conversation, I resolved to ask nothing about my wish to move, for I was foolishly vain of my repu tation for coolness and courage, and I felt sure, wero I now to express a wish to ohange my room, it would bo endangered ; so, sotting asido my dignity, I deemed it best ' to leave tho distribution of tho rooms as it was. A short time afterwards wo Btarted on a sight-scoing (expedition,- and, after a cozy littlo dinner and a Bhort rest on tho balcony, we retired for tho night. I was quiokly undressed, and aftor Susetto had left me, as I thought, for good, she returned, saying hor room , was so small, might she hang her bonnet and cloak, eto., in tho recess within mine, whioh had been devoted to the carriage boxes? I was still too put out with her either to object or agree to anything sho might proposo; in fact, I felt that as long as sho loft me poreonolly in peace, sho might hang herself up there on a peg till tho morning, without any let or hindrance from mo. So she did as sho wished, and after rcplaoing the portiere over tho recess, sho onoe more loft*ne, this timo looking my door on tho outside and carrying off tho key, as my mother (rather against my will) had desired her to do, for fear I should forgot to look my door myself. Susetto had also received orders to como to mo once or twice during tho Right, in case I should require anything. So I now settled myself in bed, and tried to sleep, but iu vain, for either from over-fatigue, 'or excitement, or both, I was restless, uneasy and tossed wearily from side to side. After % while, however, I gradually calmed down, becoming drowsy and confused ; and all tho eights and Bounds I had passed through during the day rovisited mo, but in a misty, indistinct way, as though I saw and heard them through a veil ; half-waking, half dreaming, strange fanoiee, interwoven with the impressions of the last fe w hours, haunted my pillow. These piotures were all iu a moment rudely dispersed. I started violently, and sat up in my bed, for I thooght — nay, I was convinced — I heard ono of the many doors in the room shake gently, but decidedly, as though some one wero endeavouring to enter. I listened attentively, and for a while all seemed quiet ; but — again 1 tho snun sound \ and this time from another do r, whioh, liko the former ono opened into the Russian apartments. I watohed, and distinctly saw the handlo turn and the door shako ! I was now thoroughly alarmed and wou'd havo rushed in to Susetto but, to my distress, I remembered that my door was looked on the outside ! ' Oh !' I gasped, ' if Susetto would only como ! AVhat c*n it be ? What shall I do ?' I waited, listening painfully, but for a fe* minutes (which seemed ages to me) I heard nothing more, and almost persuaded myself that it must have been my imagination, or, perhaps, ' Sjme one may have mistaken the door,' I thought ; I began to fes ashamed of my cowardice ; I determined to be brave, and ignore the whole thing— to lio down again — but I had hadly done so before I distinctly heard footsteps creeping along tho balcony and stopping at my window — which was only lightly hooked together, for it was very warm, and it had never struck me tiU now that, aB my room belonged to the Russian suite, so did the balcony, and was therefore, not divided from theirs. Breathlessly I listened, and, tremblinglyleapinguut of bed, I threw oh my dressing-gown, stole to the window and gently pushing asido the blind, looked out— and never to my dying day shall I foiget my horror when I became aware of a man' a faco, within an inch of my own peer ing in at mo. Terror nearly paralyzed me, but did not prevent my recognizing, in the coarse Kal muo type of the intruder, the face of one of the Russian mon servants. I could not move or scream, but at a signal from the Russian, to' ray utter amaze and bewilderment, who should appear at his side but tho ' dead ' Prince. He was making imploring signs to mo to bo silent— not to be afraid, and, above all things, to let him in. The poor young face was so livid, the eyes so strained with terror, tho tears, too, were courBing so visibly down tho thin, hag gard cheeks, and the attitude was so touoh ingly humble and imploring that my fright turned into pity, and I felfe intuitively that in some mysterious way I held tho life or death of this trembling creature in my hands. Impelled, therefore, by the power of mercy, and hurriedly eager to save I know nob who, I unhooked the window, and tlie Prince crept noiselessly iu. To ray unspeakable relief the footman fell back, evidently on tho watoh, and the poor boy sank at my feet, 'gasping out in a mixture of languages Oh, Lady Muriella, pour V amour dc J)iiii, save me ! Let me out at your door !' 'Good Heavens ]' I cried, 'it is looked on tho outside !' ' Hide me, then, hide n;o !' he sobbed — as, in an agony of supplication he clasped my gown. 'Your white robe and your tvte dorce make you look like an angiol di Dio ! Bo one to me, Muriella, an angiol protcltore! EcotUcz , tho good Doctor and poor Ivan havo risked muoh.' Tho Dootor made me feign death, and he has drugged the padre , and watches him, but he will soon wake ! Ah ! save me^from him, from ma belle mere.* 'I will do anything,' I «aid excitedly; 'but what can I do ? You cannot atay here. What aro you afraid of ' Ah I Got mo out of the hotel, for — ' look ing round in a terror-struck way, and whispering in my ear, ' they are— poisoning mo !' ' Rouse tho houeo !' was my natural sug gestion. 1 No my lady ! Ecoutez ! I have no time to explain, but flight is my only chance — to the English Embassy — Lord Queensland will help mo, and — r At this moment tho key turned slowly in my door, and I just had time to push thoPrinoo into the recess (while he implored me in a whisper to confide in ' no ono — no ono'), when Susetto appeared, Bleepy, cross, and with a light. ' I come, miladi, acoordiog to Ojtders. ; Do you want any thing ?' ' Oh, Susette ! I am so glad you are come. I really will not be locked in liko thiB ; it alarms me ; for if anything wero to happen, I couldn't get out. I must have tho key.' j'Lady Muriel' (with sleepy dignity), ' madame said I was to look you in. But why ' (with curiosity)—' why arc you alarm od P Why are you up ?' ' Because, I tell you, I don't like being ! looked in I If mamma knew how it frightens me, sho would of oourso let it be as I say. What is that f I added nervously ; ' I'm sure 1 heard a step outside my door !' ' It ia only the guardia, miladi; ho walks about all night and watches the galleries.' ' Did ho seo you ?' I asked anxiously : » ' Yes, and he asked me where I was go- ' ing.1 'Poor Prince!' I mentally ejaculated, ?' thero is little ohanoe, then, of your getting out unseen.' Then aloud 1 said to Susetto, ' Give me the key.' Susette was too sleepy to arguo further upon the matter, bo sho delivered up tho key, and I lot her out and looked tho door. I waited to hear her doparting footsteps ; then I flew to the reoess and drew back tho portiere to liberate tho prisoner,, when, to my astonishment, tb6 young man issued forth, clad from head to foot in Susotto's clothes ! No ono could possibly havo recognized him, for he had tied a veil over his faco, and tbo meta phosiB waB perfeot.. In spite of tho awkward nay, dangerous, circumstances, I felt a strong inclination to laugh, but I said seriously : ' Why do you nob mako a confidant of tho guardia ? Tell him your story, and got him to let you out at tho front door.' . ' No, no ! the Doctor told me solemnly to trust to no ono but you — no servants, for tho padre always bribes the servants. Ah, Mu riella, que f aire? how shall J, get out P' ' I know !' I said, joyfully, and dashing into the recess, I dragged forth a strong rope used to uord boxes. ' You must get out by tho balcony — it is not high ; my brothers could almost let themselves drop without a rope, and I am suro I could.' ' Ah ! but I am ill, weak — faint.' 'Well, well,' I said, rather impatiently, with a touoh of British arrogance and cou tomptfor foreign ohicken-hearfcodness ; ' you stay in hore, while I make preparations.' So I stopped on to the balcony, Ivan was stand ing a few yards off, watching the windows of the Russian apartments ; and with a horrid shrinking I saw the moon-beams pl«ly upon a naked knifo he held in his hand ! and then for the first timo I folly realized how dearly he had resolved to sell his young master's liberty, and what a dangerous matter I was engaged in ! The Russian comprehended at a glanco what was my design, for as I was tying the rope to tho baloony, I suppose my hand trembled, -for he came hurriedly forward and helped mo, at tho same timo making signs that we had no time to loso. After fastening the rope firmly, ho returned to his post of observation/ and I softly called the young Priuce ; then carefully looking into the road, to see thero was no inconvenient passers-by, I whispered to him in true sohool-boy phrase ology: 'Now'b your timo!' Taking the rope very gently from my hand the young man seemed to pause — looking meanwhile wistfully at mo ; then raising the veil whioh concealed his features, before I could prevent it, he throw his arma passionately around me, straining me tightly to his breast and while murmuring the word * Muriella !' he pressed his trembling lips once, twiee, aud yet again, fervently, ' almost painfully to mine, and with a great eob threw himself I over the iron-work, slid down and disappear ed ! The faithful Ivan now approached, and I was slightly nervous as to whether he might not deem it necessary to express his gratitude after tho same fashion ! but I need not have been alarmed, for, after making an eager sign to me to look my window, with a gesture of deep respect, he kissed the hem of my garment, slid down tho ropo and was gone, and I was left standing there alone, with a half-inclination to slide down the rope and run away also I However, listened to the sound .of the fugitives' retreating foot steps, and as they died in the distance I re membered Ivan's warning, : and unknotting tho rope, I reentered my room with it in my hand, then shutting, locking, and even barri eading my window, I sat down for a moment to collect my thoughts. My eyes wandered around the room, and ere my bewilderment had quite subsided, I perceived that a bunch of forget-me-nots, whioh I had placed in water by my bedside, was gone ! and blushingly I told myself that while waiting, 'the young Princo must have stolen it. With this discovery teara, all un bidden, rushed to my eyes (for I was, after ! all, a very young girl) and a tender feeling sprang up in my heart forth© individual ?or whom I had undoubtedly gono through a great deal; and on my knees I thanked God for His help, and begged Him to raiso up a stronger protector than myself torrid the Prince of his enemies. This outburst of feel ing (hysterical, no doubt) relieved me, and once more I became praotical, and X deoided that courageous as I might be (and had un doubtedly proved myself), 1 dared no longer stay alono in that room ; for I feared the possibility (on the discovery of the Princo's flight) of another visit from somo of the Russians; soj opening the door softly, I let myself out, and, wich a creeping sensation, as though all the Russians in the hotel wore pursuing me, I fled toward Susette's room, and, to my unspeakable relief, met her com ing toward mo. Sho was petrified at the rencontre, and, drawing me into her room, asked anxiously what was the matter. I told her breathlessly all that had happened, and she said sho had been struck by my pale frightened faco when sho had seen mo au hour ago, and it had so haunted her that she was now on her way to my room. She look ed rather rueful when she heard of tho luss of her clothes, but her womanly sympathy went out heartily to the poor boy when I described his terror and' distress, and Bhe. forthwith began to consider how best to con coal tho scono' of his flight. I did nob then understand that this was moro for my eako than for that of the fugitives. (Tho 'bliss' I of ignorance wa& mino at tliat moment, tho J ' folly ' of wisdom came later.) Susotto returned at onco with uio to my bed -room, for the watohman, sho said, had luckily seen her as sho entered it an hour be fore and he would think she had remained thero all night, so wc locked tho door and lay down together. Not long after we had done so we again heard footsteps on tho balcony, and as tho moon was shining brightly, we saw the shadow of a man pass quiokly across the blind, and as it returned itlingored long enoujh at my window for me to recognize the spare form of the priest! but finding; I supposo, that everything was unsuspiciously quiet, and tho window olosed, tho figure vanished aB cautiously as it had appeared : and although wo listened long and attentively, wo hoard nothing moro. After a while my nervousness oalmed down, and Susotto's propinquity giving me a sonBe of security, I fell asleep. Tho sun was shining brightly i into the room as I awoke, and I overheard tho Jille dc chambrv tell Susette that the Russians had all left tho hotel quito two hours before. Ab soon as I was dressed I hurried to my mother and related tho whole adventure. Sho was muoh exoitcd, and the proposed going nt onco to the British Embassy (to! relate the story) whioh wo did, and wero admitted directly into Lord : Queensland's presence. I waB terribly disappointed when the great man assured us nothing whatever had been heard of the fugitives, and equally' indignant whon I. discovered that both ho : and his attachc discredited my story. The ! Ambassador was barely civil, and ' thought.' I had beon ' hoaxed, ' that my ' imagination' ; had 'exaggerated tho faots,' etc. He asked me whether any person beside myaelf had witnessed ' tho alleged flight,' and I fancied he seemed relieved whon I replied in tho negative ; and my suspicions of his sincerity were still moro aroused by his evidont anxiety that we should keep the story to ourselves^ impressing'upon my mother (who turned very palo) that wc had better do so ' for her pretty young daughter's sake.' Being young and inexperienced I missed the innuendo, but aa tho Minister had early lot out that ho was ' personally acquainted ' with tho Princess Lipetska, that she was nearly ' related to tho imperial family,' . and that suoh an * unlikely story' as mino might give great offence, I Bhrewdly suspected hia anxiety for score 3y arose from somo secret motive. Id a few minutes Lord Queensland roso, thus, as ho* thought, ending the dhoussion; but, feeling my veracity was unfairly im pugned, I was not to bo so summarily dis missed ; beside, tho Ambassador's parting did not tend .to soothe my irritation. ' I advise you, madame,' he 6aid to my mother, 'not to allow pretty Lady Muriel to sleep alone in a hotel again. ICeep her to her dolls, dear lady ; thero are really no ohildren nowadays.' This was unbearable, so, losing all self control, I said, angrily : It is a pity, my lord, that some old men Bhould be chosen to fil} high positions who aro littlo better than ' dolU' themselves, especially when called upon to act in an emergency ! Arid oh !' I cricd, bursting into 'childish tears, ' they are not so nice as dolls, for, although their heads may be equally empty, 7/o/A- have hair , whereas old men very often — have not !' Need I say Lord Queensland was bald P My mother was horrified at my words, but the Ambassador seemed tickled, and patting me on the shoulder, callod me ' a goldheaded littlo spitfire.' I was not, however, to be mollified, and as I marched the room' I said malioiously, 'If you, my i0rd, will not tako tho story up, I shall spread it abroad, as an instance of tho incompetency of our officials to defend the friendless !' To my surprise, I perceived that my words 'at random sent, had found a mark they never meant,' for Lord Queensland, motioning to his attachc to oloso tho door, said to my mother : ' May I ask you a favor ? I frankly confess I know something of the story, and I wisned, for certain reasons, to keep it quiet. So will .you — will your daughter for the young Prince's sake— keep the secret until you hear from me P' We took leave of the minister and his scared attaobc and returned to the hotel, and it is needless to Eay we never hoard again from his Excellency ; but in ten days* time the papers informed us that his lordship had quitted Florence for some months. ' * The whole etory seomed to have passed away like an uneasy dream. The Russians had vanished, and the padrone and his wife avoided mentioning the Prinoess or any cf her suite, and we soon directed our footsteps homeward to London. Otio morning my mother put the Morning Pout into my hands, eagerly desiring me to read a paragraph aloud. It was a quotation from a St. Petersburg journal, and it ran thus: 'Great excitement has been oaused lately in St. Petersburg, in oonsequenoo ofa mysterious event whioh has taken place in the family of the Prince Lipetska. His highness lost his first wife sixteen years ago at the birth of the Princo Michael, who, although a delicate ohild, survived hia mother, and was the object of his father's tenderestaffeotions. Four years ago the Princo Lipetska married again, ohoosing the Princess Myrza de Zesohaw, a lady of great beauty, and for whom, it was well known, a certain exalted personage avowed a distinctly paternal in terest. Tno Princess Myrza bore two sons, and was a devoted mother not only to her own offspring, but also to her stepson, who was much attached to her, and whose recent un certain health seemed the only cloud in tho princely pair's domestic horizon. ' A. few months ago the young prince be oame bo seriously ill that the best medical advice was sought, when chango of air and a warm climate were suggested. Tho Prince Lipetska boing unable just th€n to lay aside his court duties (he was one of the Czar's highest functionaries), tho Princess offered to leave her own young family arid proceed with her stepson to Italy, proposing (at the Prinoe's wish) to visit a famous but very old dootor resident at Pisa, who had known the young Miohael from his birtli. Accordingly the Princess started, accom ponied by a priest, a dame dc compagnie, and a large suite ; and thoy had not been long absent before it was remarked that the Prince Lipetska btcame greatly depressed, and that he was constantly closeted with a certain Dootor d'Obrrskoff,. who had attended the family for yeaTS, but who, in oonbequenco of; increasing age, and a strong dislike conceived against him by the Princess, had given up his position as family physioian. The accounts from Italy gotting worse, the anxious father would havo started at once to join his son, but (to tho surprise of all parties) he yieldod to Dr. d'O.breskoff's ontroaties, and, instead of going himself, dispatched a young Euglish dootor, who received instructions to travel with tho utmost speed. ' Dr. Granville's arrival at Pisa (bringing his credentials from tho Prinoo) took tho Princess entirely by surprise, and h6 installed himself without delay as modical companion to tho sick boy, who took to him with a com plete infatuation, refusing to eat, drink, or sleep, save in his presenco. One day, to the amazement of the St. Petersburg world, the young Michael arrived at his father's house, restored to health, and aeoompaniod by a sin gle servant ! His father received him tear fully, but without surpriso, and a fow days later the whole family loft St. Petersburg for an indefinite period. Nothing has boon heard of tho Princess, ana mystery ' shrouds the whole affair.' ' There, mamma,' I said, ' you seo, I could tell them more than thoy know.' 'What an® awful thing!' said my mother gravely. 'I wonder what has beoome of that wretched woman, and whether wo shall hear any more about it.' This: question was answered a short time afterward, : for ou tho anniversary of tho memorable night of the 17th Soptombor, I was sitting at my window, [thinking over it all, when my mothor called me, and to my surprise I discovered a travel-stained stranger in tho room with her, and upon' his turning toward mo I exclaimed, ' The young Prince's English doctor!' Ho carried a parcel, and seemed overjoyed at seeing me, grasped my hand, calling me tho angiol protcttorc and a host . of protty things, and when I had mastered my, surprise I exclaimed: 'How is tho poor boy P Do— do tell mo everything from the very beginning.' Tho young man smiled and said : ,'Ihave littlo to toll, or rather littlo that I may toll I and ere I begin may I bog of you both to keep all you know sacred P For although to somo degree tho story has become public,, the wholo truth is not known, and for tbo Princo's sako I beg thw favour of you,' Wo of courso gave the required promise, and Dr. Granville proceeded with muoh feel ing to tell us everything. 'The poor boy,' ho said, 'nearly foil a victim to tho jealousy .of ttho Princess for her own ohildren. She was administering Bmall doses of poison to him, which' wero slowly but surely taking effect. I arrived just in time to savo his life. Tho old Dkv.d'Obrcs koff had beon haunted for somo tiiup by a horrid suspicion of foul play .and aftertEe Princess' hurried departure to Italy, ho do termined to search her apartments privately* and ho discovered suoh tangible proofs'of her guilt — proofs, however, whioh a knowledge of medioine alone could recognise — that ho broke .the awful truth t j tho Prince, who could scarcely be restrained from starting at onco to Italy to savo his son. Tho Doctor, however, advised differently, for his medical mind gathered from tho most recent accounts, that nothing imminent was to be feared, and ho knew that unless every thing was arranged diplomatically, the Princo would have to con tend against troubles and even dangers at Court in consequence of the Princess' high relationships. Luckily I was paying a visit at St. Petersburg at the time ; and tho old dootor know all about me ; how I had been brought up in tho medical profession, but that developing a strong taste for adventure I had been engaged in deteotivo cases, and that thus I claimed an intimate personal ac quaintance with the two moBt active agents in this case— medicine and murder. The Prince sent me to Italy with full powers, only impressing upon me the absolute ne cessity of saving tho Princess* reputation ; and directly I arrived I warned Princo Miohael of his own danger, of hia father's commands concerning tho Princess, that ho was to eat, drink and sleep in my presence only, and to leavo tho rest to me. He was very ill when I arrived, but I soon inspired him with confidence, and during that dread fol journey to Florence I taught him to feign death. Wo had a rehearsal before arriving, and I found that like most Russians his powers of acting were first-class. I knew if I could only reach Florence I should be safe, as I was acquainted with Lord Queensland and had warned him of my coming ; but tho journey was perilous, as I could not toll whether the Prinoess had discovered who and : what I was ; beside, I feared the priest, and how muoh he guessed of the truth. How over, thank God, all went well. All would have boqu oae^-oould^X bavo taken tho pad rone into my confidence, but the Prince had solemnly bound me to trust to no ono — no servants, except Ivan, and T kept my word. In England overyono would have helped me, but with Russians and Italians thera are ' wheels within, wheels.- , Ono of my greatest difficulties ..was to keep the Princess and the priest out of the 'death chamber,' for I feared the Princo betraying himself. So I burned a concootion, ostensibly for sanitary purposes, which had tho effeot of. oausing those unused to it to feel faint (as you did, Lady Muriel, and ao ho did, poor boy, at times, but we had to risk that).' 'But,' interrupted I, 'after he and Ivan had escaped, whero did they go? He told me thoy should go to the English Embassy, but they did not do bo.' 'Forgive me, bat they did and whero in tho house when your mothor and you oalled. Lord Queensland knew thoy were coming, aud au hour had not elapsed after their flight before a man camo and whistled ' God Save tho Queen ' beneath the balcony (a precon certed sign), whereby I know the fugitives were safe underthe'*British flag. Tho Am bassador knowing about Jthe Princess' birth, acted with great caution.' ' Eminently so,' I said, drily ; ' and how about the Princess ?' ' Ab, there I am tongue-tied. Suffice to Bay that after the Prince's disappearance my personal dangers began, for I never lost sight of hor, poor soul, till— ah, well, Russian laws and Eucrlifih laws are different, and grateful I am to have returned sufo from so ugly a business.' Dr. Granville now rose to depart, and turning kindly to me ho said, 'Lady Muriel, I parted from Princo Michael not many hours ago, and ho eaid I was nob to rest till I had seen you, till I had reminded you that this is the anniversary of his flight, and that all through his lifo the eighteenth of Septem ber will be a night sacred to tho thought of you.' As the dootor said these words a curious ST-rt- of feeling came over mo. His voice sounded strange, far-off, and I seemed to see tho gloomy bod-chamber, the moon-lit win dow, the boy in agonised supplication at my feet— tho— 1 Tne dootor went on. ' Ho souds au offering of humblo gratitudo ; his words wero : ' Put it into hor own dear hauds but toll hor to open it alono; tell her as she opens it iny voioo will greet her, and toll her, oh, tell her, we mist moot again.' ' Without a word I took tho parcel. I know tho dootor raised my hand andkissod it, and that, bowing to ray mother, ho left the room. I went slowly, dreamily, upstair?, hoaring as as I did so the front door open and Bhut, and the Prinoe's messenger pass out and away. Sitting by my bed I passively recalled the words, ' Wo must meet again,' and eagerly tearing off the paper covering of the parcel I discovered a velvet caskot, upon whioh the word 'Muriella,' was stamped in letters of gold. I took tho pretty gold key and opened the casket, and I beheld a necklace of oighS oon pearls (a pearl, I understood, for each day), and attaohed to it was a heart pierced through by a diamond arrow. At tho baok of the arrow theso words wero engraved : Firenzo, II 18 Septembro, 181 — , Gratitudine, Fede, Amore^ The heart oponod, and within it I found— a shred of twiBted rope-»-and a few withered forget-me-nots. I shed a fow tears, I know why, and ran down and showed it to my mother. — 'Countess of Munstcr in London Society 