-. Baptist Church: .. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. On Wednesday evening a tea and public meeting was held in the above men tioned church. Incalling attention to the matter we denominated the affair the anniversary tea.meeting, an error which was corrected from the platform on Wednesday evening, the effort being specially to raise funds for the purpose of painting and renovating the church. Tea was on the tables rt 6.30 p.m., and although the attendance could not be called a large one there were still a fair number present to partake of the good things provided, which were plentiful and excellent in quality. A merry half-hour was profitably spent in discussing the contents of the tables, the wants of visitors being attended to by Mesdames Thurman, Maddock, Brown Trickey, Cooper, Bond, Mills and Samp son. All being satisfied, after a short interval, the seats being rearranged and tables cleared away, the after proceed. ings commenced. The Rev. J. R. Cooper occupied the chair, and the meeting was opened with prayer and praise. The chairman then took occasion to correct the error referred to above. and remarked that all would agree with him that a coat of paint would much improve various por tions of the edifice, The speaker then went on to refer to the friends on the platform who were to speak, whose presence in the towvn had made a strong point in holding this meeting. The speaker then went on to give a lesson in four small sentences-Fret not, Faint not, Falter not, Fear not. A few re marks were given applicable to each; his audience were enjoined to keep from fretting-always be contented; to faint not-never to be discouraged at apparently resultless efforts; to falter not-look to the prospect for the future instead of lamenting over present con ditions, and to fear not. The speaker then called upon the Rev. Lockhart Morton to address the meeting, remark ing that he would leave the rest of the talking to the "' big guns." Mr. Morton would almost suppose Mr. Cooper was an Episcopalian when he referred to big guns, which was only a synonym for cannons (canons). The speaker then went on to speak of the desirability of union in the Protes tant churches, and by an amusing ance dote demonstrated how in harboring sectarian prejudices the main object for which all Christian Churches were nominally striving was lost sight of. Such meetings as the present were calculated to foster a spirit of unity and mutual- helpfulness amongst churches which while occupying different de nominational platforms had all the same ultimate end in view-the glory of the only true and living God. He exhorted his bearers not to be idle Christians, but that they should be ready to seize every opportunity of promoting the cause of truth. If they could not speak they could sing and vice versa, or even like their old friend Mr. Pettifer play the organ, as he supposed they were not all of the same opinion as a worthy old Scotch member of his flock at Camper down, who in relation to an organ said that he ' wad as lief hear a hai r1arini in the kirk as that kist o' whusilos." Ii regard to that ude-siratble class of Chrietians denominated meddlesome he would advise that they should be given something to do-idleness was a great incentive to mischief. They should not be discouraged in any work they under took, but go into it with heart and soul. If they were not so happy as they should be it was because they were only on the outskirts of Christian life, they just had sufficient religion to bring a conviction of their unworthiness and were conse quently unhappy. A close communion with the Master would remove all doubts and perplexities and enable them to taste of the fruits of heaven. A little sound advice was given how to deal with pastors and the speaker concluded amidst applause. Miss Thomas, a visitor, was then called upon for a solo, " Consider the Lilies," which was rendered in so sweet and expressive a manner as to call forth most enthusiastic approbation. The Rev. E. Harris was next called upon. He had been denominated a stranger by the chairman, but he felt like coming into his own family when he paid a visit to Portland. The last time he had been in Portland was on the occasion of a farewell meeting to the Rev. A. Ager, and a short time after he had attended a recognition meeting to the same gentlemen at Lilydale, where Mr. Ager was veiy much beloved. The Lilydale Church was in a sense Mr. Ager's own church. He had designed it himself and had person ally assisted to build it, and he (the speaker) thought it the prettiest country church the denomination possessed in Victoria. He took credit to himself for having engineered Mr. Cooper to Portland. He had spoken of vale dictory, recognition, and welcome meet ings, but the present was a nondescript kind of gathering and he did not wonder at the press giving it an in correct title. The speaker then gave Mr. Cooper some advice in reference to raising funds. If lie did not succeed with the men try the ladies. He well remembered how they had worked for the sale of gifts. Be was likely to get into a bit of a scrape over this same tea meeting as he had received strict orders from Mr. Chapman to advance the claims of the Baptist fund. He did not much care about begging, though, as there was some danger of his being treated the same as a witty canon of the Episcopalian Church, who was put to sleep in a haunted room. On being asked to relate his experience the good man described a terrible looking appari tion that had visitedb him on the first night of his occupancy of his chamber. "What," said the inquirer," "Whatever did you do?" Oh, "said the divine, 'I just asked him for asubscription and he never came again." If he did as Mr. Chapman wished him they might disappear as did the ghost. The speaker then gave some advice as to starting a New Year. He would not wish them to commence with a debit balance of sin. Come to your rich friend, the Lord Jesus Christ, and ask His forgive ness and He will clear off all old debts. Make up your minds to go in earnestly during the coming year. Do not be like that father of whom his son said that he used to be a Christian, but had not done much at it lately. Some people would do nothing for doctrinal reasons, considering that faith was all sufficient. But from the beginning of Christianity the Scriptures recorded faith-and works the outcome of that faith. (Applause.) The Choir gave "Turning are the wheels of Time." The Rev. A. Bird was next called upon. This gentleman began by pay ing a tribute to the beautiful scenery in and around Portland, and further he had been met while here with that Christian fellowship and friendship which the followers of the Saviour so highly prized. Such meetings as the present were practical and profitable in stirring up one another's minds by way of remembrance. They would get truths which could be carried away as motive power and inspiration for future service. He had not the faculty of making witty utterances, but he had a keen sense of the ludicrous and believe in the piety of a good, honest laugh. The vinegar faced Christianity created a sense of repulsion, and he was glad these people wielded but little influence in the world. In three words he would give the three great laws of the Chris tians church. A great deal was said about the laws framed by man. They were very well, but when they looked at the dumb, mighty forces of nature irresistibly working on the earth they intuitively looked up to the Almighty as the fountain of all law and order. God had his own modes of working the laws-spiritual, moral and physical. In all these would be found the instinct of association. The whole of the animal creation is gregarious-like seeks like. In every department the same would be found-water flowed to water, love sought love, life to life; in fact the process of natural selection was going on everywhere. Christians found kin dred spirits with Christians, by the affinity of both with the Saviour. The speaker compared Christians to a magnet, which has its positive and negative poles-attractive and repellent forces. He exhorted them to show their attrac tive side, when mutual excellences would be apparent. Lovo is the con queror. Miss Thomas sang another solo "A Mother's Prayer," we think, being the title, and this again elicited the same measure of applause consequent on her first effort. The Chairman then stated that since he had been on the platform he had been promised £1 each by three gentle men and l0s each by two others. He moved votes of thanks to the ladies who had waited at the tables, the speakers, and the choir, all of which were carried with acclamation. The pleasant meeting then terminated with the Doxology and Benediotion. 