THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. THE NEW SOUTH WALES COURT. " (Br Telegraph.) (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) Melhocrxb, Tuesday. — Things are settling down a bir, aud there is at last a faint ghost of a chance of being allowed the privilege of walking through the exhibition building with- out being cither jostled to death bj sightseers or jammed to pieces by an endless rushof cases, full aud empty, A quiet stroll through our court reveals a gladsome improvement, bnt it is no pleasant task to particularise, as indi vidual exhibitors are buiaaiily prone to got their "b.iekflup," as tha aayiugis, if in com parison they are pitted against one another. Still there ia no nscape from the task, and, like it or not New South Wales exhibitors mast submit to that terrible ordeal of commercial com parison. Must wo bo accused, then, of orer patriotism, must we be be discredited with having a' single eye in effect, if we venture to hazard the opinion that, even in its incomplete ness, Wallaoh Brothers' Carrington Pavilion ia one of the most taking attractions in the grand Avenue of Nations ? Half a dozen times already has the New South Wales Governor patronised the cosy retreat, but, apart from this its chaste dcaigu, perfect appointments — carried out with a degree of thought in bedroom, boudoir, library aud other rooms alike- cause tho. Carrington Pavilion to be a prominent and popular in general estimation as it is in position, The fern aud other plants tastefully arranged in front also aid in lending a pc\ally attractive appearance. In close proximity, so far as distance is concerned, and almost a next popular idol so far a effect aod display aro concerned, ia the Colonial Bngar Company's pavilion — u graceful, elegant cast- iron structure. Modelled more ou tho lines of au Australian sammer-houao than anything else, it stauds alone of its class and kind. In specially-designed upright glass-faced cases stand sample of sugar-cane, cut to. say, aa average of 4ft. lengths, but iudicating every variety of cane grown on the company's plan tations in New South Wales, on the Clarence, Richmond and Tweed rivers, in Queensland and at Fiji, aud hermcticidly sealed at both ends and then varnished; this sugar-cane is assuredly a wonderful exhibit of Australian capabilities. Fyramidical successions of loaf, tablet and every known variety of mani pulated sugar go to make up tho abovr, backed up by a prettily arranged system of syrup, rum, white apirit and' other specimens. Wandering through tbc enrriago exhibition, one cannot fail to be struck with the wonderful change that has come over tho opiril of "ye ancient" vehicular idea, born in America, borrowed by Australia, improved on again by oue and each country, with an odd suugcptiou of further improvement once in a while thrown in by Fngluud, Germany, France, or gracious knowe what country. How mar vellously aud wisely have the requirements of younger countries forced on tho older ones the necessity for younger and lighter inventions for farm atid town traffic. Kacli reflects the big change. Some of tho taiiiiest designs, too. in this respect at least cau be honestly accredited to NewSouthWales, where Messrs. Vial, Cobb and Co. and otbers show soiuu specimen of buggies atid waggons as pretty aa they should prove useful. No mean cxfiibii— on tho contrary a towering one — ie thai of tbo new-fledged Woodstock Fruit Canning Compauy, an iudustry, by tbo way, that, utilising as it does our tin aud fruit products in about equal proportions, should meet with most cordial co-operation on all sides. It must he remembered that wo havo in the past imported canned fruits from Cali fornia which could be grown quite as freely and quite aa profitably in New South "Wales. -Especially we must recollect that before ont solitary pound of thoe preserved fruits can be laid down iu our Now South Wales market every pound of raw tin required for the can ning thereof bas first to be exported from New South Wales. Tho Parliament of Victoria to-day entor- talDcd a largo uumber of members of the Par liaments of the various colonios and their friends by a trip to Baiiarat. A special train conveyed the visitors to Baiiarat, where various places of iuterest were visited. Tho Mayor of Baiiarat (Colonel Smith, M.P.) ootertained tha guests at luncheou. A very eujoyable day wua spent, tho visitors returning to town to-night by special train. To-morrow a similar excur sion will be mado to Sandhurst. Tbo total attendance at the Exhibition 'to day was 7100 and the total receipts to-day £376. Tho Governor gavo tbe firnt of tho official ball in connection with tho Kxhibition ae Govorumcut House to-night. There was a brilliant assemblage of guest from all the colonios, and it proved one of tbo best balls ever given by Vice-royalty in Melbourne. Mr. Gcorgo Pilo writes :—u The amount already expended by tlieoomniiflftioriera amounts to about £200,000. The greater portion of tbi.n amount has'been for wagos to workmen, which money ha necessarily circulated among the trudc-sraen of Melbourne, thereby asinting to ui;;l:o busiuena brisk. Before tho exhibition closes fully another £100, 0U0 will bo similarly expended, mostly in wages. It is expected that the receipts will nearly cover tbe expen diture of the undertaking. But this is not all ; tho various countries and colonies represented at tbc exhibition aud the exhibitors therefrom In the preparation of the various conrts add exhibit?! expend large sums of money, the aggregate of which must be at ioast another £100,000. The greater por tion of this large sum will bo for wages, affording abundant employment for work people and making brisk business for business people. But this is but a small por- tion of the gain of the exhibition to Melbourne. That city is crowded with visitors from all warts — from J5urot>c, from the various colonies and from tho country districts of Victoria. Ou the opening day 67,000 people ar rived by train aloue. Bo full wero the streets that Sydney seemed to me oa my return quite liko a deserted city. The Melbourne business people ore enjoying fine times, every shop ia crowded with customers, every hotel and lodging-house full. One gentle man expresaed an opinion in my hearing that .during the currency of the exhibition £6,000,000 of visitor' money , would bo spent in Melbourne, £1,000,000 of which would, be from New South Wales. I do notthihktliat he was far wrong in bit estimate from what' I saw myself. Nor is this all. A few years ago it was trembling in tlie balanca which city should bo the premier city of Aus tralia, Sydney or Melbourne— -the qaestion ia now answered. It was Sydney's birth right to welcome the nations of tho world and to show what Australia had doue in the first hundred years of her existence by a universal' "exhibition" in tho manner of tho'HUh century. Tho peoplo of Sydney roiaicd their opportunity. Melbourne' will now bo know throughout the world us the premier city of Australia, although the youngest, by virtue of the superior enterprise of her people. It is useless to blame tlie Government — either the past or the proaent — the citizens mnat blame themselves. The importers were afraid of competition, tho manufacturers were afraid of competition, the rest of tho citizens wo/e apathetic, the Centeunial Kxhibition of Australia is being held in Melbourne instead of in our own city, and the large expenditure of money consequent therefrom, and: the neces sary developmeut of enterprise which we our- sclves'felt after our own lato exhibition to, a 'Targe extent, i9 now in a greater degree aiding tho advancement of the rival city and pushing her ahead in advance of ourselves. 1 may add that every Mclbonrne citizen to whom I spoko expressed" his wonder that we should let alip the magnificent opening we bad." 