MRS. FAERLEIGH'S DREAM. an incident in seal ufb. L You want to know whether I believe in dreams! Yon think that . because I have lived through a longer torn than is given to most, J must needs have so much the more experience, and am all the more able to judge. Well, I-am not so sura .of. tkst. Eor . it saetns to me that the present generation have come to live so fast, learn so fast, and think so fast, that their years' have expanded to, double the value of former times. So rose two score or roB present nay may fairly represent my own person, inthe matter of wisdom and experience. Bat as to dreams, I hardly like to ex press an opinion. I know all you would, say in favour of dreams, on the antiiority < of Holy Writ. There is Jacob's ladder. There is Pharaoh's dream. There is Daniel's dream ; and Joseph and Mary's dream when they were warned to .take- the infant. Jesns into;Egypt. A nd there are otfaerayao many andiao striking, that we feelthey muBt have been .inspired fry a special frinridence and -fbt a -special propose-- I have kno wnone .who dreamed of an absent brother drowning . He saw him fall over the ship's side into calm water, in mid ocean. He heard the -drowning man's cryf or help. Bat-op: aiarm was. given, no rope thrownto save him. The ehipsailed a n onheed ing, and the waters dosed over the drowniiogman 'for ever.-' Whmtteshyiicuiftto port; -it jtpld of the disappearance ofonenf the passengers, on snch a rtjght, t iguch r a >-dabe,<£Orres- pon Hi ng exsctly . with that onwhichthe dream wag dreamed: -Rat i now ask: Wliatlaw 'of riafore jdM vtfris waning obey;;'H'pniM juat an eaperial interposition' of Provi- -b-conld. to ; life ; nor could that death benefit the living brother one jot ; neither could It serve to bring, the negligent watch to justice ; for no dream wonld ever be taken as witness in a court of law. I remember one case, however, whan fearful warning was given in a dream ; and bring left unheeded, its fulfilment came all too soon, all too true, and too fatally to the people concerned. People say it is a great disadvantage to many late and have children late. I am not so sore of that. My own mother married late, and I am the offspring of what might be termed her old age ; while ahe again was . the yonngest of . ten children, which shows her to have been bom a hundred years ago. And L such as I am, .have consequently been thrown I into such close contact with the people of the past; that I have gathered- their traditions and their -teachings hah from the source— nil vivid as life This is to tell yon that my mother knew the three Miss Gunnings, and often spoke of them to me. One of these ladies married, first the Duke of Hamilton, arid afterwards the Duke of Argyle : therefore she was the ances tress of the present Lord Lome. An other married the Earl of Coventry ; and a third, the most beautiful of the three, died' young. Her mother need, to say that, had rim lived, her beauty' would have set the world on fire. Besides these three sisters, there was a brother, who stood as handsome among -men as they did among women. Tfrroogh the interest of bis brother-in- law, he was drafted into the army, and in an incredibly short space of time, he rose from grade to grade to the rank of general. But; unlike his sisters, his marriage was "not at alTfortanate. His wife was always doing something to bring Him into trouble, and he could teach her neither - through her' reason nor her heart, for she had none. Two little girls were born of this union ; whom the mother, pronounced a bore and sent ont to nurse. The youngest of these, however; was in for luck. A lady happening to pass the nurse's cottage while the child was playing at the door," took a fancy to her, and soon after obtained General Gunning's consent and approval to adopt the nursling altogether. This was Mrs. Fairleigfa, a widow lady who had a son in Tnrfin bnt no immediate relative near. The little Helen was, at this time, nothing bat a flaxen-haired, rosy- cheeked child ; bat as she grew np, her nature, under the kindly inflngnnw of her. adopted mother, expanded into, rare loveliness of form. She became as remarkable for her fresh, pretty looks, as for a most amiable disposition and womanly heart.. The eldest Jittio girl did not thrive so well.. She grew up under no genial influence, no motherly care. She knew riis was not looked after, and she looked after no one in her. turn. She was plain, like her mother .; .bnt like her mother rite could boast of a beautiful hand and arm : a great thing : in those days, when it was the fashion to go bare-necked and bare-armed fromhreak- fncf fill annivui She and her . mother wonld gamble and racket from one week's end to the other, to the discomfiture of General Grinning; who complained that he bad no home. It was the way of fashion able life in those days; but General Gunmrig-conld- not favour it, and at lasthe went to Italy, where ha died.: Eventually, Miss- Gunning married a conrin of my mother's ; that Major Plunkett who took part in the rebellion of '98; and, marching, upon Dublin wiSiftOinnwiid mm imHwIini riwiimnid, was dpfpnted, -and wmilwiinwl fcy Lord Castlereagh to perpetual exile. He was one of the Dunsany Plun- ketts. He came to T/ndim and. paid his court to Miss Gunning. He thought she had money, and she thought he had money; and, mutually deceiving one another, the, marriage took , place: It whs through: him my mother cams to know the Gunnings, and to be present when the dream was related which forms the snbject of my tfaeme. Meanwhile, 'the old possessor of "Ifairlinjdi Nnnnr died ;. mid. thfi next heir bring the son of Mrs. Fairieigh,he was immediately summoned from India to take possession of his inheritance. I need not repeat the old stray. Helen appeared oeroro roe major in. an. uie , -bloom- of her seventeen summers; a wood nymph as he called her, a fairy, an angel; arid, to this wood nymph, this fairy, this angel, he offered his ImiHjni heart. Helen was very fornmate in her marriage. She had all that could make life happy. A husband who adored heiY arid' little children who played aitedt frer liks-the cherubs they were; Im«- Aqjh in the coimtry, devoting 'herself to them, to her home, and to the . tenants of her d""""" :Therr|»pr.frLBSSed her as she passed ; nnil:gAwi i jwnta'ile she went forth, leanirig on the arm of fe- stalwart wampr busband, to wander among the riuides and.gLades of the manor, it was a sight people went out of their way to see.-'- In an evil honr Mrs. Plunkett, who had . hitherto never cared for bar sister, nowfrril dnto some great money trouble, arid, patio her wits? end, she. applied io'her brother-in-law for ' help. fie,. in! the generosity- of: hfe heart, not only presentsdlier witfTfihe reffefshe sought, frritfovitedhhr dbwnjria Ari ririt to his> Mrs. cmibel aumyenk stayed a long-time.. Fot Bome.rnonihs she made quifcsaihbinB of her - sistaaitXPiilaceanid invited down a friend of hers, not of the most serious type : a certain Lady Rich, whofrad earned celebrity in the fashion able world by presenting new beauties at court every season. What with flattery, persuasion, importunity, and prayer, they, both — that is, Mia. Plnn- kett and lady Rich— extracted from the Major a promise that he wonld bring his wife to London the following season. ; Major Fairieigh did not do his duty when he, with his eyes open, delivered over his beautiful innocent wife to the company of as disreputable a set as ever danced a mibnet at a court ball My mothernsed'to say that it was the most pitiable thing in the world' to see how that beautiful, modest, good, simple mistress of FaMrigh Manor got transformed into a bedizened, painted creature; sliding down headlong the way to perdition,- like many unihne in that wicked circle. n. There was to he a grand ball jgiven in honour -of the belle of the season, the beautiful Mrs. Fairleigfa. It was to be got np with unusual splendour; and it was even said that possibly Royalty might look in. Pririces of the blood would sorely be there, and.'many High nesses of foreign Courts. Mrs. Farleigh of coarse was azurions to appear in. appropriate style ; rind Lady Rich, who had introduced her at Court, now undertook to direct her toilette. The most fashion able jewellers brought their merchandise to lay before the queen of the day. Dressmakers petitioned to have a hand in her furbelows, and th« most exquisite fancies were invented to win her ; favour and her choice. At last it began to try her nerves. ' They do bore me so!' she cried in complaint to Lady Rich. ' They pester me all day long: I wish tfrey wonld have done. I have no sooner fixed on one thing than another more beautiful still is set before me ! It keeps me in a perpetual fever of excitement. I can't sleep ! I never get a wink of sleep now, and . I shall never be. fit for the ball !' Lady Rich was a little frightened when she heard her speak thus, so she went for the family physician, .trim ad ministered a sleeping-potion to the languishing belle. This was the evening before the ball. Helen slept some hoars, profoundly, bnt in the dead of night she awoka Great drops of perspiration hung abont her forehead ; she shook from head to foot, yet could not rise; ahe could not cry for help; she could not even reach the bell-rope which hung at the head of her bed ; and she lay thus- in powerless agony until morning, when: the maid appeared with the usual cup of tea : but her hand wns even then so unsteady that before die could bring it to her lips it was all spilt. To the maid's question as to whether she did not fori well, she only shed silent tears that coursed down hencbeeks one after another. Bnt not a word passed her lips. There was whispering in the servants' ball that morning, sighs and lamen- out of town, and the domestics were at their wits' end to know what they should do. Someone suggested to send for Mrs. Plnnkatt as the nearest member of-the family within call ; and the housekeeper herself undertook the charge. But Mrs. Pfonkett did not like to be disturbed so early in tie day. She called the mes senger a fool, and then turned on her side and went to sleep again. Thus baffled, tie housekeeper stepped in next door to speak her troubles to. ha sister; who was in service there with my mother. The latter, hearing: of the dilemma, took coach and went off to Mrs. Gunning, who lived at the other side of the town, and. they just arrived- to see the Doctortnrning'inalao: They found tie belle' of the season propped , np on pillows and looking not at ail her osnal self ; bnt mortally ill,' pale as death, haggard and discomposed: with a scared look" about her eyes as if ahe had seen a ghost. The first thing was, of course, to ex amine what remained' of the potion -in' tie glass still on the table. On in spection they were soon satisfied'that tie liquid was harmless, and could give no possible, catue for Mrs. Fairleigh's state. rre mass seex roe cause eisewnere, said the man of science: 'The lady has had a fright, and. a very bad fright too, . and I. must beg both of yon ladies (addressing Mrs. Gunning mid my: mother) to' remain in the room while I. try to find ont what it could havefreen.' To do Dc. Harnett justice, he opened the campaign, with much caution, and: managed so well and so gently thrit at last he . got -Mrs. Fairieigh to speakt This was a great fun, seeiiig tfaat hitherto ahe had been persistently mute. Something nmi happened in.." lie i night,' be observed, addressing tite- patient.- ' Will yon tell- me what it was 1 Did anyone come into your room! Bid yon hear any . noise 1 Did yon Bee . anything f At this Helen Furiosi: cried vary mnctq and her voice trembled and choked m she snnlrA. 'No ! it. was a dream.' And what -sort of: a dream!' aaked' he, persuasively.- "Was it blarfq bltte, red or green! Wariit fioiva'tigBr, a mad" bull or a pussy cat T Heleo smiled a littie ; and at last ex plained that it was adriwn'tit wna fan nnfcto go to thfi hall. - Jpti:. so!.1 remarked . her friend,, tie IPactoc. 'Yoorgood angel and I are: of tiu- saraB' mind: There- moat be nn more .question of this ball A few days' rest iB what yon need. A friend, aii in- timate Acquaintance now and then to "cheer yon up, and yon want nothing' more. But, nmwitimn no b&lL;' The words were hardly ont of his month when someone knocked at the chamber door, arid in swept Lady Rich, . with, her usual load, volatile manner, never saying good morning, but dashing, .into her subject at once. Oh, la that yon, Doctor Harnett!! Where is Helen! What, still in bed 1 Sleeping beauty in the wood,'hey ! T have coins to look at your "dress, dear ! Is 'it come home !' Mrs. Gunning stood np, stiff 08 a: "poker; and answered stern and grave as a jndge. ' - ' Mrs. Fairieigh is not going to the balk' ' She and lady Rich did not get on together. Indeed! and who derided thnt f ex claimed Lady Rich at the top of her voice. Then turning to the Doctor, with daggers in her eyre: ' Pray, was it you! IT tell you she muBt go to the ball ! And go she shall if she were clying,' she added, in imperative tones. She doctor was no worshipper of lady Rich. He knBW her of old, and they had' hAd "many a skirmish before now. Nor wns he- any <£e more dis posed to bow before her insolent speech. . ' Those are hard words to- use, madam,1 he replied; 'and I regret to say I most oppose them. I am here as family pfayrirean, and I alone have a right to decide on matters pertaining to health. Hxh. Fairieigh cannot stir from here this evening; nor, perhaps, for- some evenings to noma.1 ' For some hours to come, you mean !' said the lady, tossing her head and offer ing battle: ' And, 'what may I ask, fa the dnty of a doctor, if it is not to enable ladies to go to balls and patties ! Yon gave Helen a sleeping-potion yesterday, and that is what has upset h«r Now, do you give bar a wakrag-qtotion, like a good man, and set her right I tell you ahe most go to the hall I am pledged to it, and she shall go with me,' ahe added, enrtaeying to emphasize her words. To which the Doctor, drawing himself op with great dignify; replied : 'Be good enough, Lady-Rich, to keep within the bounds of good manners ! I will riot suffer any intisnatioa from yon as to the efficacy of my prescriptions ! Please to remember, madam, that I have some care for my reputation.' And there was the Bligbtest possible inflection as he spoke the word my which she might notice or not, as the hnmonr moved her. Sat do yon think Lady Rich took qffance at these words ? Not she ! They only provoked her scorn. Sis laughed at them, and going np to bed, asked Mrs. Fairieigh to speak out candidlynnd say whether it was not the sleeping- potmu tiia: upset her. But the - stricken patient shook her head, and eageriydenied it 'It was dream!' she asserted. 'And in that: dream I went to the ball and died.1 Lady Rich almost danced as she heard these words. She made the room ring witn ner exclamations. ' A nightmare f she cried. ' Bless my son, I shall die with laughter i A night mare ! The beat cure is to go to trail and dance it off ! The remedy,! tell yon, is sovereign ! Nothing- like it Omrie with me, Helen, and yon shall dance it all away. Yes, Dr. Harnett, yon may look at' me ; bnt I fib all prove abetter physician than you !' And itnn shB.went off into another peal of laughter. At this the Doctor, nothing <fawnt»A walked quietly across the room opened the door. ' Please to take notice;1 he said, ' that lam here by the choice of Major Fair ieigh, master of this house — not by yon. Lady Rich. I cannot allow diww alter cations to go on in a rick-room. Be good enough to postpone your visit to a fitter moment' And he held the door open for Lady Rich to pass out Ont ili» went, quick enongfa, too, her face all purple witbrege. Perhaps she expected Mrs. Gunning would have taken her part, or that Mrs. Fairieigh would have remonstrated. But if she did," she was mistaken. And yet not vanquished, for she did not leave the honse; but locked herself ap somewhere until she was Bare the Doctor in st ffnnp 'Itum -ilu .1 „n_ stairs, and burnt into the room. The maid was at this moment standing by-the bedside, having set down a tray, of refreshments on the table near it. Mm Fairieigh was taking-some wine. Lady Rich seemed greatly to approve this move, and without offering the smallest apology for the intrusion, she rattledawayms jf nothing faadfrappened. : 'Lam eo gfed to See yon eating; . .that is whit: yon" wanted and. should have done bgfora,, but for tbat insufferable-old quack youdud here ! Now yon begin-to look "'yonraelf " agriri. Where is your dress, dear -Helen! fI want to iook at it? ' ' ' ' 'Bnt;1 pleaded the invalid, I amnot gomgto the brill It "tarns tBB.fiiint to bear yon speakjof it1 'Nottogoto the baKthatfaghrenin pour honour 1 Aad'trfafr egeBM iim T fen make. for "yeurabaroce! That yoa had theriigiituuae fthatyouBawaghostY ' You'cro-teUtherir-tiielnith. lam iUS" . Yon ill, indeed1! X'like to here ypu, aay- tfaat.. Yes,: yoa wBrem iittie prie at first; bntyqa ere all light now. Your chinks are counng back to -their oohmr: aliieiady.- , Arid the rest; were l-na mum re thedred, ; (be troth wo ald rioass Olft riuoah the ssEraats. Wonld ft- not; Abigril V she said, addrreringthe maid, as she was leaving the room. Abigail smiled, and said She Was glsd to see her lady looking so well again. AIm ! thns it happened ; that partly to jnstify her own repognknee to attend the dreaded hall, and partly in the hope of winning over lady Rich to her . view — for she dreaded that ladyVsarcasms — poor, weak Mrs. Fririwgh 'took a glass of wine, perhaps two, hesitated, and at last narrated her dream. "She dreamed that " she . went to. tiie ball — the .admired of all admira. . Ha: partners ' were princes, and she was snr- rounded with so mnch homage; and ofiered so mnch incense, that she frit liftedsbove tiie mdlnary herd of mortals. Flattery tiiat night ceased to move .har. As Ihe hours wore on, tiie heat Of froae crowded rooms became "more arid more oppresdve: Her head began to ache, and the pain increasing, she grew unsteady on her feet. Her partoec, perceiving this, took her down to the supper-room to have a glass of wine. Rat before she could even , grasp tiie proffered cop, she swayed, bent, reeled a little, a"d" foil fainting on the floor. In the bustle and confusion which followed it was not possible to find her carriage, perhaps it had not come ;. and after much trouble and anxiety, a hack ney coach' was procured, into which she was lifted and conveyed home. She wasplaced on her bed and administered to; physicians, were sent for, and friends surrounded her, hot rite' knew her days were numbered and thht bra- end was near. At last it come, that solemn . end ; die died. She left the body , rite had inhabited: — she left, the earth, arid was wafted she knew not how, to the judg ment seatof God. There were no details'; nothing here she could remranber to deseribe; only from out tiie indescribable, a voice reached her inimrat sense, de manding what -she had done wRh-her life \- — that meet precious gift of Heaven to the moulded day— that most "solemn charge to mortal, for the good of otiwra. To give, to take, to join in the general push of universal progress — what had nhp ilAiw on her part I What had she done to rid her children ! What- had she -done to rid ber husband ! What had ahe done to rid the struggles iff others f She saw aa in a mirror ; -and it came to v with a rush in oue comprehensive view, all the vanity of the life she had adopted, and how it rendered nidi the good days of Fairieigh Manor ! - She knew tbat in this consciousness lay her own condemnation and her punishment. She saw the earth slip away from be neath her. Shasaw itgtide into distance with the moon and sun, till they were seen no more. She saw tiie- ' firmament roll np like a scroll till the last star had vanished ; and she was still fallltag. Darkness imfailiw"»l'l»1 «n eternity iff solitude, a silence of boundless nothing — and still she went on falling. Outside life, ontride creation, ontrideGod. There in the midst, she felt 'herself an infini tesimal speckof concentrated agony of tenor; and still she went on- bDmg. \- And then the dreamer awoke: \- 'And 'now,' said the narrator as she finished, and turned to Lady Rich, ' how can yon wonder at tiie state I am in f Can yon wonder at my horror of the ball ! Would yon not fori aa X do ? "I tell yon, my hair stands on end as I think of it. I shall loss my senses if yon persist in talking of it. And tiie long and short of it is, I wont go. ' Tooh !' exclaimed Lady Rich, tossing her head with her usual levity. 'I grant that your nightmare is very thriR- ing. All the same, my dear; I think yon intensely silly. A nightmare is not a reason foe keqring a lovely woman from a ball given in her honour. Arid, to say tiie truth, your absence" wonld be such a breach iff good breeding that I afanwlil be ashamed to own yon ever after, or be seen with you. And now, I want to see your dress,' she continued in a rattling interrogatory. ' Where is it! In the dressing-room, here f Yes ! oh, how lovely! I never saw anything so ex- quisite! Why, you will have all . the men at your feet and all the women dying of envy.1 Saying which, rite came up to tiie bed- ride with a feather in her hand; trying it on herself. Meanwhile Mm. Gunning had said no- romg. me rare is, iwy aw nyo«j- matiedly snubbed tiuB- lady whenever she met her; whether In public . or In private ; and especially here at Mrs. Fridsigh's, she ignored her presence as completely as if she sever existed. I own I have aften spaken severely oE Mm. Gunning ; rind rite deserved it Still I mast do her the- justice to say that on tins particular occasion rite tried to do her doty. When Lady Rich es sayed to talk Mrs. Fairieigh into going to tiie ball, despite the Doctor's express prohibition, every line of her face and htfitride was expressive of disapproval. And jost ae Lady Rich approached the bedside; she adroitly clipped behind her, end locked the dressing-room door ; then putthekeyinto her reticnle. For In those days ladies used to keep their pocketfrandkerchiefa and kaya in reti- cules, or netted bags, slung on the arm. ' : Well, fashionable ladies' sometimes forget themBrtve in' more waye than one, and thisfe all l caaaay in ajmfogy,.' for Hie Indescribable bcbob I am gomg! to relate. Two ladiee waM krmwn to . tite mart! riixles of the day , to the presence of:- uiiiTiwiiig from ovecstrmiitedi neryes; frriirid these ladies ntim; Miwf' vmrias, nnwarinntably load bandying worda with oneanotiier;eriH' iwfinrtwr »«<«« mil arimng one oat of afionse wKMi was not thara And -whit is wutse -and more iMwng still, they -both, -from opposite sides of the bedjrabedat the bstt-rope, t one and the munexnoment, and tore it oat of one onodter'siiaads so violently that it cuw..dmn<SRdi a cadi over Mrs. Fsirleigh'g head. I don't know wfaetker itirart her j but die was so upset with the number of servants who hurried upstairs to at the "warlike demonstrations of the ' two belligerents, that she turned to her mother, ss the easiest to deal with, and entreated her to go home for the pre sent, and return in the evening, when rfha and her friend— my own mother— mighty if possible, spend the night with her. Thin was acceded to on one condition — that .Mrs. Fairleigh should give her sacred promise not to stir from the house till their return. With this Rgmranry, Mrs. Gunning and my mother went their way, leav ing the field Jo Xody fiich ; which, to ssy the least of it, was had generalship, and an egregious mistake. The two ladies did not separate. They agreed to dine together and kept one. another company till nine, fiat when they returned, according to agree ment, and reached Mrs. Fnirleigh's house, the lord had down. Great was their consternation. They summoned the maid to question her. Abigail reported that lady Rich had never left the house at all. She sent home for her ball-dress and tilings, and made her toilette there. Mrs. Ibirleigh had got np and dressed too. She had never looked so beanti- fnl ' But how did she get her dress f asked Mrs Gunning in amaze. ' I had the key in my bag.' Abigail answered that she supposed that was the reason they sent for the locksmith, for the room was open at that moment ' But it is too early to go to a ball 1' remarked Mrs. Gunning. Abigail said she thought her lady and lady Bich were going somewhere else first ; she heard them say as much. Mrs. Gunning tamed to my mother in dismay. 'Suppose anything were to happen to bar, as it did in her dream 1 Dreams always go fay contraries,' nrged my mother, quoting an Irish pro verb by way of consolation. ' 3 oppose we sit up T It was late in January and the weather was still cold and raw. But a good fire brought warmth into the room where they s&t;, and with cards, supper and gossip, they managed to while away tile time while they watched. At half-past twelve a thundering knock came to the door, startling sleep ers and wekers alike. It was a hackney coach with a gentleman sitting by the driver. Two women strode, ont of the inside, and between the three, they managnd tn fiany in t.hnmM'niwinnsfaTm of Mrs. Fairieieh. Doctor Harnett was sent for, and he did not leave th« house till morning, trying his best oil the while to bring her back ta consciousness. But nothing could save her. Once, and once only, ebe opened her eyes and called for her husband. Aba, ha was far away in the country : and only readied hie home to aee ber borne away on the bier that cams to fetch her to the churchyard. It made a tranendons sensation in the fashion able world, and for days noth ing else was spoken of It was that at the hall Mm Bairieigh been voted fax more beautiful ftitfaw of her auufs - her eyes were finer rhnn lady Coventry's, and her complexion fresher and more delicate finn the Duchess of Aigyle's. Her hair, too, was the moat beautiful that ever was seen. Monodies were written on her early death, as there hod been on early death of lady Coventry : and for some time the tragedy caused such a sensation as to throw a damp over the gaieties of the season, and perhaps recalled many a giddy wife to her home and her duties. At least we hope so. \- And even here, my story, cropping up unexpectedly after, snch a b»jr lapse of years — who knows what serious fhnngfat it may induce. For .nothing is over l"« The past is never .past ; it ia bat .the bnd which holds d»« present ; as the Dower which holds the fruit winch shall yield and scatter its ased to ali eternitv. — Argosy. 