CURRENT NOTES. IT is p'easant to be assured, in sober seriousness, that a man may be a Conservative and yet honest. Mr. Charles Andrews, M.L.A. (we give him his full dignity, because so astounding a statement requires all the authentication possible), has told the Assembly that the late "Sir Charles Sladen, though a Conservative of the deepest dye, was, nevertheless, a man of honour and integrity." Not only a Conservative, but a deep-dyed Conservative ! And yet honest! Ah, if we could be quite sure of that, life would have a new hope and radiance in it. The birds would sing again and the fioweis bloom, as they did in the days of our youth and innocence, when we " puddled in the brook frae morning sun till dine." Fancy "a Conservative of the deepest dy e "— one stained through and through his mental marrow with the aint of his infectious political heresy—and yet possessing some dim glimmerings of honour and integrity. How the shade of Sir Charles must smile -that is, if ghosts do smile— at getting this post-mort m certificate of character from his former friend and fellow-Conservative. It is true that Andrews repented and recanted his opinions, and gained his seat for Geelong ; while the late leader of the Legislative Council died, as he had lived, "a Conservative of the deepest dye," "Unhousel'd, disappointed, unanel'd," yet still " a man of honour and integrity.' We shall cling to that hope as to an anchor, because there is a "larger liojie 3 contained in it. If one Conservative can he shown to have been a man cf honour, why not more ? Perhaps in course of time some one may arise who w U show that Dr. Hearne had some brief glimpies of moral sanity—and then - and then—. But the theme grows too intoxicating. Thank*, Mr. Andrews, you have openei a new vita of encouraging hope to optionists like us, who have s ruggled to believe, as did King Hal at Agincourt, that " There is a soul of goodness in things evil Would men observiugly distil it out," as did you when yon discovered honour and integrity linked with things even sovile as " the deepest dye " of Conservatism. Tru'y, the French arc a polite nation. " Monsieur will pardon me, I am sure," says the Gae'ic duellist, as he pinks his adversary through the left lung, and wiping the blood from his weapon, bows gracefully and rctiies. M. Commetant, the art critic now on a visit to Melbourne, was almost as keen and neat in a recent speech he made. The French visitor is a close observer of men and things. He has been in the Parliamentary gallery and has noticed how the Press dominates the doings of the House and the conduct of the Government. Mark his manner of putting it ! He made a pretty little complimentary speech to the Press, declaring that it was no longer the Fourth Estate of the realm, but the first. I he point was altogether admirable, though its subtleness was too fine for the duller Anglo-Saxon perceptions. Mr. Bent and Sir Bryan O Loghlen have put the same meaning half-a-dozen times in another form -" Mr. Speaker, the present Government is a mere paper Ministry, kept in office by the metropolitan Press to do the newspaper bidding." M. Commetant ha\ a lighter weapon with a finer point—" The Parisian Press is but the Fifth Estate of the realm in France. The Melbourne Press is the First Estate of the realm ii Victoria.' This single sentence was a mitrailleuse discharge at our Governor, Parliament, Ministry and political institutions, all of which are thus dec'ared as under the control of the ubiquitous journalist. GEORGE CLARKE grumbled a little the other day because they had been able to raise, so far, only £9000 towards the Home for Young Women. George wanted £15,000, and he is disappointed bec&UBe; it didn't all come in in a week or two. George doesn't seek the bles'edness which comes from small expectatione. fie sees millions of superfluous wealth around him and reflects that £15,000 is a mere mite to take away from the overplus of the rich ones. And that is true enough. But he forgets l hat the love of money grows by what it feeds upon and that the process of manufacturing philanthropists out of rich men is almost as difficult as extracting sunbeams from cucumbers. Just as you are getting your ray it vanishes into space, just as Midas has sc ewed up his resolutions to write out his cheque for a hundred, and has secured his pen and cheque-book, his hand trembles and will not go further than "£10. ' It is not his fault. The poor man cannot be blamed for a physical infirmity. And then be it remembered men give their donations from such various impulses. For example, we were told an incident the other day by Mrs.Scrooge, the wife of Scrooge, of Scrooge, Bitem and Co., of Collins-street, a firm which has made its £50,000 this last six months. " Scrooge, ' she said, " had been peBtered for a subscription by some of George Clarke's colleagues on the V r oung Women's Borne business. But he wouldn't give a shilling. I got a little ashamed and said to him that he really should give something, for any good done in such a way would be sure to give him a four-fold return. He was struck with this view, and gave £5 In less than a week he received £20 for an old debt that he had long since written off as bad. I said, " There now, my dear, T'told you it would come back to you four-fold, and there it is." He chuckled, and answered, "I wish I had given £10. ' There is more than one Scrooge in Melbourne, so let Mr. George Clarke be thankful for his £9000, and pray for more in time. THERE have been Governments before that of Mr. Gillies, and they have had supporters, but the followers of the Gillies Government are suigeneri . They stand alone, unapproach d and unapproachab e. Uriah Heep, when hankering his hardest to be despised, was a mere "circumstance" to that now notorious '' caucus of '51." They have deve- ' loped a perfectly gluttonous appetite for contempt, and it must be conceded to them that they earn their bread and kind of victuals oil which they thrive, as they sit silent as stocks divested of t eir manhood, without daring to Wdg their tongues or answer an argument without the permission of Dominie Duncan The self-denying ordinance of Cromwell's Parliament was a trifle to the utter abnegation of every spark of independence on the part of the men who have bargained for a few weeks of longer political existence at the price of abject and servile obedience. They have watched through three years the large family of misshapen offspring from the Coalition union. They have seen the legislative children come forth abortions, stillborns, halt, blind, lame and silly And still they have hoped with the touching devotion of slaves. When all else failed in the family of Coalition monstrosities they still hoped the two sound and healthy children—Tariff and Electoral Reform—would grace the old age of the Govern- ment. What they felt as they saw the Government commit infanticide upon the Tariff and watched the promising in f a t follow its elder idiot brothers to an unhonoured grave, will never be told ; for trouble struck them dumb. Still, " Hope springs eternal in the human breast." Their master pointed to their last hope—Electoral Reform. The drowning man grasps a straw, they say. VVe can't say. W« have seen a drowning man, but there didn't happen to be a straw handy, and so of course he didn't graBp it, but caught hold of us instead, and it probably suited him just as well. Any way, the despairing Coalition supporters jumped at the new gleam of hope. They pledged themselves to the new Electoral Bill without knowing anything about it, and they promised more—that they would stand together solidly and pass it without a syllable of criticism. In spite of former disappointments they took it all in trust. Now that they see it, more than half of them hate the new urchin for its hundred malformations. But they are signed, sealed and delivered bond slaves to their Coalition masters. They have given up tlier rights as men and as members, and become mere creatures to perpetrate a useless House upon a sickened country. Macbeth "supped full of horrors." But this "caucus of '51" has breakfasted, dined and supped on humiliations, and has so assimilated contempt as to become its veritab e embodiment They are under a deadly spell. Only a general election cati break the unwholesome enchantment. AND now that these Ministerial wet-nurses have got their Electoral bantling through the swaddling clothes of the second reading and into the sho coa s of Government, how do they expect to nurse it through its numerous ailments? The most kindly disposed of them declare it to have ".ore than a score of serious complaints, while some of its less friendly doctors say it has more than fifty. And these complaints are of such a nature that the medicine which cures one causes another. Ihe moment one of its limbs is either lanced or blistered, a swelling or a sore breaks out on an tker of its constituent parts. This is inevitable from the nature of its birth and breeding. Its f .ther, the Premie -, seems to have begotten it during an eruption of autocratic sp een, and hence its ricketiness and delicate constitution. And yet it is in this dernier arling of disease and deformity where all the hopes and efforts of the Coalition are settled. It is for this that more ihan forty free men have renounced their freedom, sold themselves into political slavery, consented to vote against their consciences, and swallow their daarest convi tions Itis for th they have shut their . yea and opened their mouths, for whatever Gillies may sead them. It is for this that Parliamentary functions have been abrogated, or at least suspended, so that unseen measures are agreed to in caucus, and not after public debate and mature discussion. It in a "lame and impotent conclusion to a lame and impotent career Put we find consolation in the fact that the end is nigh ; and we may say to the electors, as Malcolm said to the sorrowing victims of Macbeth : — "Receive what cheer ye may The night is long that, never finds a day. THE robberies at the Exhibition, so tr ysterious in their nature and so continuous, are becoming something outrageous. It is a public disgrace that exhibitors who have lent their goods and chattels for the purpose of aiding and supporting the national enterprise should have to sutler such daylight robbery and sit quietly by without receiving the slightest satisfaction. Are the Exhibition officers quite stultified, or what? Among other things, a bar of silver has disappeared. Fancy a bar of silver—a thing of bulk anil weight like that. But apart from these petty pilferings, are they the only kinds of wrongdoing going on at the Carlton show? What about the President's weekly lit'ie luncheon?—"official" luncheon it is called, in a fine spirit of satire. At last week's Seventy sat down. We suppose Mr. Skinner must charge thirty shillings or a couple of guineas a head. That means perhaps a hundred and fifty pounds. Another charming little item for the public to disbu se. They do enjoy those little dinners, the txhibition big-wigs ; not, of course, because they cost them nothing, oh, no ! not at all; but simply because they are " official." What those who do not share in the wine and the oil and the fatness think doesn't transpire at the luncheon ; that is always left for the " fearless Press " co launch out about. The dailies never allude to it; and so it is left to us, and our snarl becomes a groan. OUR daily contemporaries have edified us with the information that the Exhibition Commissioners have set their large, comprehensive feet down on the practice of retailing imported goods within the walls of the big show. This intelligence was the more welcome because we had been to the Exhibition once previously, and though anxious to view the whole porker, and enjoy the wealth of art, science and mechanics with which the building is stocked, we departed filled with wrath and bitter-, ness, and determined never again to risk our intellectual integrity by frequenting the Avenue of Nations ; but the assurance that the brainy individuals in authority had mitigated the traders' ardour overcame our objections, and we eiitured once. This was an action that rrjight have terminated fatally—the consequences were nearly proving disastrous to numerous enthusiastic stall-holders, who were several times on the p >int of breaking their necks in their wild endeavour i to sell us something, the items offered varying from a gutta-percha doll to a fire and burglar-proof safe. If the Commissioners are trying to put down the selling of imported goods within the Exhibition they had better wake up, and signify as much with some show of energy. As things are, nobody seems aware of the fact but themselves. Just now the great Centennial show resembles more a Paddy's market thun-anything else, and the visitor who stops to examine an article risks the penalty of being pounced upon by an excited outlaw who is determined to sell him that article, or burst an aitery in the attempt. We have been to church bazaars, and thought we were hardened to the blandishments of fair women with scents and slippers to sell, but we sadly confebs that we are not equal to the Exhibition siren ; she iB several too many for us. She first talks her victim into a state of uncunsciousness and then sells him a van-load of bric-abrac before he can recover and call the police. The frowsy Asiatic is worse and worse. It is hardly safe to venture near the exhibits of these turbanned miscreants. Their wolfish eyes and appallinggestures as they crowd their trumpery wares on the curious visitor seem to imply that he has the choicp'bf buying or being killed in his tracks and having his body hidden in some dark, forgotten court to moulder till doomsday. Jt is man's destiny to be cajoled by charming woman, and he can forgive himself for yielding to her wiles, but to be overcome by a swarthy heathen is repugnant alike to to dignity and self-esteem. Apart from the grave injustice to outside shopkeepers, this indiscrimi nate trading within the Exhibition should be put down as an insufferable nuisance to visitors. IN answer to numerous complaints from subscribers in the city regarding delays in receiving our last week's edition, we can only say that the papers were in the General Post Office ejrly on Thursday. That they were not delivered until the following day is a fact which should little surprise those familiar with the working of the postal machinery. The causes of such irritating eccentricities we have long ago given up as mysteries beyond our power to probp. 