Chaptee II.—The Diggixos. A lot of the diggers had gathered together at Ah Sam's public house. . Some were playing cards, two or three drinking at the bar formed of old gin cases, others lounging about, yarn* ing and speculating on the probabilities of a good wet season. Plenty of rain meant plenty of gold. Happy Jack's Gully had been dry as a bone for the last six months, and good wages could be made there when there was water close to. 44 By the powers!" shouted Irish Tom, who was the first to see the mailman arrive, "if here iVntthe blessed postman, an' faixhe looks more like a ghost than a livin' beiu'. Howly mother! come spalpeen's been murtherin* the poor man." " Only the limb of a tree caught me as I was swimming the creek. It's only skin deep," said the mailman referring to a patch of con gealed blood on his face. " By jabers! you're a plucky crater to tackle that creek," muttered Tom. .The crossing was hidden from view, but the creek ran within dO yards of their campf, and before it grew dark they liad all seen the heavy volume of water that was being brought down. "Now, Tom," cried another digger, a very good boozer himself, "gammon "you wouldn't have tackled it too if it bad been whisky in stead of water that you'd have liad to swim through." , "Badluck to ye, hludgeeBill," answered Tom, "but it's a mighty pity that it isn't whiskr, for with the thirst that's got a honlt of yer now it's yerself that could drink that creek drv, an' the poor mailman could have crossed dry- shod." After the mail-bugs had been taken off uiul secured, and the horses turned out, Joe, the mailman, turned to the digger**, who were all assembled in the long dining-room, and said: | "Look here, boys, I've, got some news fori fou. Within coo-*e of here, on the other side )f the creek, there's a three- horse team stuck up. The creek's running a banker, as you can see, and likely to keep up all night, tn the dray there's a man and woman, and i kid about fodr or five years old.. The man looks pretty well played out, haTin' the fever bad, and the woman's hardly able to hold her self up." She's got the fever, too. They espoct to get some supplies and fever medicines here, rhey're bound for the bay» I think. As soon as it's daylight you'll see what you can do to jet them over; i promised 'em as much. Its suough to kill the lot of 'em out in a night like this." Addressing a man, apparently about 30 years )f age, who was sitting at a side table turning jver a newspaper, the mailman said:' "Mr. Melville, will you do what you can for the poor lolks in the morning ?" Dick Melville was a lino specimen of man jood. About the medium height, but com sactly made and muscular. His loose digger holes and wide .flannel shirt concealed the symmetry of his person; still the low cut lannel with its short sleeves disclosing a strong hough well-shaped neck, and a pair of strong arown symmetrical arms, a flowing brown jeard and moustache, well-marked eyebrows ibove a pair of dark brown eyes, inado him as landsome a man as you would find in a day s narch. All oyca were turned towards Dick Melville. It was evident he was a sort of ' guide, philosopher, and friend" to those about lim, though there wero grey heads amongst he crowd. Dick Melville was unmistakably a superior nan, not altogether in bearing, skill as a gold niner, knowledge of the world, or even in nanners. There were men amongst the iiggers perhap3 his superior in all these.. See his old man in the corner? He is marked is an habitual drunkard. Nothing bnt he grave will save . him from his resetting sin. Speak to him and he rill make you so courtly an inclination of the :ead and adopt such a graceful, interested ittitude that you are fain to 6ay, *' Here is a jentleraan." When he answers you the words jome slowly, and every word distinct and every sentence well modulated. The voice is a musical one. The words are beautifully chosen, i little emphasis here and there, and perhaps a slight elevation of the eyebrows now and again. Mow you have old Morley's portrait as far as style of conversation went. But was he re jected or looked up to by the rough characters it White Mountain? Not much. Look at iim again as he is spending the ounce of gold jot during the week, and you nted not ask 1 why. • Here is another man not turned 40 yet He is a diBsipated-looking object, but he is a scholar. His friends have tried to reclaim him Lime after time, but sooner or later he does something to disgrace them The boys make him drunk occasionally, just for the fun of Fretting him to orate in Latin or Greek. But Dick Melville does nob drink. He has also been lucky, and a digger always has a high opinion of another who gets "good gold." The warden, or rather commissioner of those days, after the big rush was over at White Mountain, had been removed to a reefing district just opened nearer the coast; therefore, when little disputes arose about pegging out too mucb ground, or water rights, Melville was generally warden and assessors combined. If a hard-up digger or swagsman c*me along, Melville's hand was in bis pocket to give him a lift if need be. Every body respected him, and though he neither Assumed ror aspired to bo auytliing moro than x "wandering digger," a great amount of deference was shown him by all the diggers on White Mountain Creek. StAr^ing up from his seat as the mailman ad dressed him Melville* said, "Yes, yes, of course. A woman and a child out in a night like this I Good Heaven I It is indeed enough to kill them. Wc must do something for them to-night." As he spoke a heavy gust of wind came and sent the rain in a great sheet of water against the building. It was pitch dark outside. Truly it required a brave heart to think of crossing a flooded stream on such a night. The diggers looked as amazed as no doubt the ferryman did when young Lochinvar and Lord Ullin's daughter asked to be rowed across Loch Gyle, " that dark and stormy water." " I'm ready to do what I can !" shouted Sailor Jack. "I've got a mother and a little brother 16,000 miles away, and for their sakes, shipmates, here goes to bear a hand!" Saying which, he kicked off his boots and braced him self up together, making all taut and snag, as ho expressed it. Sailor Jack had left his ship in the bay, and arrived at White Mountain without the price of a " feed," but Dick Melville had given him a shake down in his hut, and a week's work at odd jobs. Then he put an ounce of gold in his hand, though Jack, being strange to the work, hud perhaps not earnodhalf that amount. Others volunteered at once ; so after procur ing ropes and lanterns a move was made for the crossing. To the Chinaman cook Melville h:td whispered, and slipped something in his hand, which, when Jimtny Ah Eat him looked at, made him bustle round, having in a very short time a couplo of roosters' heads Bevered from their bodies, and some other vpry appetising things in course of preparation. On arriving ut the crossing, the best place to make the attempt from, as there wcro zzo oaks growing in the vicinity, Melville gave his in structions: " I will try to swim across with the end of I this light line. If I get ever all right, tie the other rope to your end of the line, and I will haul it across, tnade the large rope f?st to the j tree on the bank, and we shall then bo able to send anything over in this basket." | "I'mgoing for a cruise, to6, mates," said [ Sailor Jack. " Give ine another piece of line; I'm just as much at home in the water a& a duck is*." But Dick Melvillo said to the lad: "No, Jack, no; you can try if I fail. Tlicro must be heavy trce3 coming down yet, and a blow from one of them might bring sorrow to the j mother and-boy in England. You are a bravo ! fellow, but wait." Casting his hat and hoots aside, Melville slid into the rushing, boiling waters,'with :the line tied to his arm. 'The'lantern's* feeble rays glimmered in the rain, and onlj showed a faint light for a yard or two from the hank. The line was disappearing slowly from the loose coil in which it lay on the ground. Not a man spoke; all eyes were fixed on the line gradually tieing drawn in the raging waters. Presently it was unwound with great rapidity, and the men knew that Melville was in the middle of the creek, where the current muBt have swung him round, and carried him away with great velocity down the stream. They must nave all ex pected this, but still the sight of the cord running out so quickly brought up to their imagination the picture of a u strong swimmer in his agony;"-and made them hold their breaths in painful sus pense. Would the line ever stop running out ? Seconds seemed turned inio'minutes and minutes into hours. The line was a long one, but it was running out fast, and if the last few feet came, what should they do ? They held their breath again as this thought struck them. If they let the lino go the helpless body of their friend might be at the end of it, and he would be carried away and drowned. If they stnckto it, they might pull Melville back into the swift running water from which he might be just es caping on tbo other side. To their intense re lief, however, the line suddenly stopped, a faint coo tee was soon heard, and then they knew the passage had been safely made. The inch rope was pulled across by Melville, and made fast. Then he turned to speak a few words of comfort and hope to the rick people, but before he reached tho dray Sailor Jack was by his side. With a little package of fever medicine strapped to his belt he had crossed the flooded stream hand over hand> on the rope. The night was very dark, bnfc on coo-eeing they heard a farnt sound in the direction of which they proceeded. v"Ship ahoy ! Beg yer pardon, shipmate," said Jack, as he stumbled against the foremost horse, " collisions will happen on land as well as at sea. The night's dirty and no lights out. Belay there! Be-e-e-lay!"' yelled Jaw, as the horse commenced to plunge about, not taking | the collision in quite so good a spirit as our I sailor boy. | " Whoa then, pet," said Dick, in a soothing I tone, and the horse was soon quiet.' " Keep still. Jack, for a minute or two and we'll have the harness off in a twinkling." Melville took the medicine and moved to the side of the dray. Jaok was irrepressible, how ever, and thought he knew as much about a horse as he did of a ship, 60 he commenced to unfasten the harness of the nearest animal. He felt about gently, and any hook he met with was unfastened. Thus the leading chains were cast loose. The collar and hames ho believed to bo all one. These he felt certain slipped over the horse's head, and he wriggled the collar about from one ride to the other, trying it per pendicularly, horizontally, and diagonally, right side up and upside down. He had just got it nicely jammed about tho horse's ears when Dick came baok. M Believe I've got a ghoul. Dick. The rain must have given this horse a cold, and his head has swelled so that his gearing won't come off." Dick Melville was too agitated to laugh. His Angers shook as he unfastened the straps and set tbo horses at liberty. . ~ 