* --» A Strange Story of a Haunted House. At Belleville, L. I., which is a pretty village much frequented by summer visitors, there is a very remarkable haunted house. The house in question stands on a high bluff overlooking the ocean. It is surrounded with a wild, overgrown lawn and a forest of tall, dark pine trees of great age and size, among whoso branches the winds sigh and groan. There are also oak and maple trees, about which wild grapevines tangle, and the well known poisonous ivy twines. At one side spreads the ocean, and on its shore, out of sight, around the headland, is the village of Belleville. On the other, or inland side, is a dark forest, into which the bip; pine trees seem to suddenly lose themselves. Thus the house has a setting most fit for a ghostly labitntion. The house itself is not unknown to fame. Fifty years ago it was the scene of a most bloody murder. Javin Block and George Chapping were the mur- derer and murdered, but which was the mur- derer or victim it has never boon possible to dis- cover. The story is a very strange one, so I will produce its leading points. Javin Block was a professional gambler, and Block is said to have been an assumed name. The story Tuns that he came from England and settled down to his nefarious occupation in New York city, where although at first received hospitably by all the first families of the day as the younger'son of an English baronet, it was soon discovered that he was an ?undoubted blackleg and libertine. An old letter, written at the time, states that " he fleeced the sons and seduced the daughters of the aristocratic old merchant princes under their very eyes." In consequence he'was banished from every drawing-room, nnd the young men seen in his com- pany were reputed as " dandies," a term then meaning " vary fast." Finding that ho could not bleed the rich in the city, and knowing full well that almost every rich man enjoyed a good time ?when out of sight of his family and friends, and ?was willing to pay for it roundly, Block went down on Long Island, then little better than a wilder- ness, and, after a prolonged search, decided to purchase the old Nostrand Farm at Belleville. Hither came his cronies to be amused, or, rather, to indulge in riot and debauchery. Block soon found that his purchase was going to make his fortune, and he spared no pains or expense to get together ? everything that could please the sinful or cater to the passions of men who, while at home in the city, led unblemished live3. One morning about two years after the place was started a woman whose face showed signs of dissi pation only too plainly, came running to the village of Belleville. She stopped the first person she met and cried wildly : "They are dead! God! They are murdered 1" This was all she said, and all she ever could tell of the scene, for she fell fainting to the ground, and whoa she came to, reason had flown never to return. Well, the men from the village ?went to the house and found on the floor in the parlor Block himself and a young man named Chapping, or rather their bodies, for they were both dead, and the whole place was as gory with Wood as a slaughterhouse. A bloody axe lay on the floor between them, and as both were severely cut with the weapon it was uncertain which hadusedit. Both held old-fashioned pistols, and each of the men were shot in vital parts. Both of the pistols were discharged. The Coroner's inquest held on the case decided that it had been a fight to the death, or that the murderer " had committed suicide. Such is the theory of the murder as told by my friend A-, who is a native of Belleville. At his suggestion I took the train for that village, with the intention of investigating the haunted house and giving the Globe-Democrat's readers the benefit of my investigation. A- assured me that the place was alive with ghosts, and had terrors enough to " turn horror pale," so I felt sure the result of my inquiries would prove interesting. The old house has not been inhabited by mortals \ since the murder, fifty years ago, and it has not been repaired or altered since then. No heirs have appeared to claim it, and no one seems desirous of renting it from the proper authorities. But it is built of such substantial timber and covered with shingles cut from the red- heart cedar, that it has scarcely suffered much from its half century of vacancy and neglect. Myself and my friend first investigated it during the day-time. Many of the ?window-panes were broken, and within the ceiling had fallen in many places. In the largest room on the first floor, which must have been the parlour, there were still plenty of suspicious-looking spots, which might or might not have been blood. The windows on the first floor were all closed with shutters. These we left open, as we proposed to come during the followinmnight and seo if anything ghostly would happen. J Near midnight we sallied forth, and after a walk in the moonlight reached the haunted house at about midnight. The night was very clear and rather cool. Tho moon, not yet full, was still quite a Bpan above the western horizon, and her light fell with a ghostly eiïeet on the thick weeds and the dark trees about the old place. The pines took " ^ on great, gloomy shapes that suggested something Wihat made one's hair rise, while the house itself was Hidden in dark shadows that seemed like a legion ofSgloomy demons to guard its mysteries. We rounded a thick growth of sumac bushes and the old building was immediately before us, and, ah ¡ ?we shrank back affrighted-a vivid but greenish bluelight came forth from the windows, the shutters of which we had left opened, and within there was, judging from the hellish noise that commenced at that moment, a murderin full operation. Cautiously we drew near the casement and peeped in. We quickly drew bacK again ana tuen toot a longer peep. Oh, horror ! what a sight ; Two men-one young, not over twenty, the other a man in the prime of life- were grasping the handle of an ax which one now would force against the other, cut- ting him severely, and the other gaining a little advantage would repay the wound. Their faces were a sight to behold. Blood streamed from frightful gashes. Both men yelled and swore as they tried to murder each other. Soon they seemed to be both losing strength. The young man was the first to fall. The elder now finished him with a stroke from the ax which he wrenched from the former's hands. Then flinging the ax from him, he shouted : " I've murdered him ! I've murdered him! O-O-Ol" As though a new idea had entered his mind the murderer seized a pair of pistols that lay on a table near by, and approaching the bleeding body took «teady aim and fired at the dying man's heart. Then with the remaining pistol he shot himself through the mouth and fell heavily, flinging one pistol at the body of the young man, beside whom it lay, so that any one might have thought he had been using it. "Terrible! Horrible" said A-, with a shiver. All was dark again in an instant. It seems as though A-'s voice had dispelled and broken the ghostly «harm. No more was to be heard, and as a dark cloud was arising very rapidly and the pines seemed telling mysteries to eacfi^ other _ in their stronger groaning sounds, as the rising wind \ swept through their gloomy branehes, myself and , friend beat a hasty retreat. \ ' / 