VERIFIED PROPHECIES BY JOSEPH COOK. When Columbus first saw the River Orinoco he ex- • claimed : " This stream cannot come from an island. It must pour from the interior of a vast continent. It is too large to be accoanted for by any insular proportions of a water-bed." The Sermon on the Mount is a stream bursting out of the Old Testament. It is too vast a stream to come from an island. The preaching of John the Baptist is a ripple on the river pro ceeding from the Jewish continent. The New Testament follows the Old. Its central waters are an Orinoco. Even with all. the affluents it received in and after Christ, its vast middle current can be accounted for by no insular proportions of a water- bed. The Messianic nope and ideal can be explained only by Messianic prediction. Was-there a hope among the Jews that a Messiah was to appear ? One might as well ask whether "Caesar was assassinated. Even Tacitus and Suetonius tell us, speaking of the opening years of the fir3t cen tury : " Throughout the whole East it was expected that about that time a King should arise out of Judea, •who should rule over all the world." (Tacitus, 1'Hist." lib. v. cap. 13 ; Suetonius, " Life of Veupasian," cap. 4.) -A great Messianic hope Tilled the East and rose to burning intensity at that time. It was based on the Messianic prophecies of the Old Testament Scriptures. A rigorous inattention to (inessentials, and a vigorous ..grasp of essentials, I commend to every one who studies the topic of prophecy in its present vexed condition. Prediction flows through Scripture like the stream of the Mississippi through its course. Criticism may : narrow the breadth of it by building out a buttress, or by casting in some impediment, but the stream goes an. The whole body of water proceeds on its course in spite of slight changes in the positions of its banks at this point or that. The narrowing itself may in time cease to exist; the stream may wear it all away. In the sluggish water at the side of the current you may find some eddy working backward. The current is far from swift in places along the shores. Confining your attention to this eddy or to that stagnant portion, you may say that there is no current in the lagoon. The eddy runs up stream. You may think you do not know which way the Mississippi flows. You may even fall into the mood of those who, influenced by what is •called the higher criticism of our time, cannot see the Mississippi of prediction rolling through the Old Testament and fulfilled in the New. ABCHES AND KEYSTONES IN FULFILLED PROPHECY. The felicity oE fulfilled prophecy as a proof of the Divine origin of Christianity is that it is peculiarly adapted to convince a sceptical age of the reality of the supernatural. This adaptation arises from the fact that the evidence needed to show that prophecy is fulfilled in our time is modern, and therefore accessible and open to the fullest investigation in accordance with the demands of the scientific spirit. If the miracles which attended the foundation of Christianity are remote, and if evidence for or against the credibility of the New Testament ^accounts of miracles seem? inaccessible, this is not the case with prophecy fulfilled in our day ; moreover, the objection that no evidence whatever can establish the reality of a miracle does not apply to fulfilled prediction. It requires only good, •ordinary historic evidence to prove that the course of events has been of a certain character in outline and detail. It requires only good, ordinary historic evidence to show that certain predictions were made at a definite time as to the course of events in outline and detail. The former evidence is one side of an arch; the latter is the other side. It is when these two arches are juxtaposed and made to lean against one another ani found to match that the wholly irresistible evidence of the supernatural springs iip. This is a key- Atone held in place by both sides of the arch. There is in the religious history of the world, as I I contend, a series cf arches of fulfilled prophecy. As the stately arches of the Roman aqueducts crossed the Cainpagna. bringing water from the hills to the city, so the immeasurably sublime arches of fulfilled prophecy cross the plain of time from the beginning of the career of the human race to the present hour, bringing the water of life to the latest generations. Let me name, and 1 can hardly do more, the opposite sides and the key-stones of a few of these arches. When the chaplain of Frederic the Great was asked for a short proof of the Divine origin of the Bible, he replied, "The JeWS. your Majesty! " He might have said also, " Nineveh, your Majesty," or " Babylon, yonr Majesty," or " Egypt, your Majesty or, with etill greater force. " Christ, yourMajeety," or Christianity, your Majesty." MESSIANIC PREDICTIONS, ... 1. It cannot be denied that Christ is the chief religious teacher known.-to history;-.that He ma born : at Bethlehem; that He preached repentance and the remission of sins; that He founded a " apWtnial order carrying .religion to the highest perfectio'n evfcr jtnown among men, bothasa faith una as a iitfritiWat: Christianity ha* succeeded Judaism'; 1 and that its kingdom is spreading over the whole earth; This ^ fliice side of th$ arch. No serious person Sispntestheee facte. • • '' 'ym^etiamM denied that-ill this iwiu-definitely! fitttQl&b;&B;&efore; it began tooome to, jaw,: , v. The Lord thy God will raise up unto'thee a Prophet like unto me.—(Deut. xviii. 16.) ' Unto UB a child is born, tinto ns a eon is giveB, and the government shall be upon His shoulder; and His naime shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, the Mighty- God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace. Of the increase of His government and peace there shall be no end. (Is. ix. 6, 7.) I will give Thee for a light to the Gentiles, that Thou maye6t be My Salvation unto the end of the earth. The Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings, to bind up the broken-hearted ; to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the acceptable year of the Lord, (Is. xlix. 6.) I saw one like the Son of Man ; and there was given Him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages should serve him. (Dan. vii. 13.) But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, out of thee shall He come forth unto me to be ruler of Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting, (Micah V. 2.) 3\. There is no denying, therefore, that these predictions were inspired by Him who alone can foresee from afar the course of history. This is the key- stone of the arch. 4\. It follows, also, that He who sees the end from the beginning considered this Beries of events of such central importance in human affairs as to need to be revealed in advance of its occurrence, Other things He kept hidden ; these He made known, 5\. It follows, also, that as Prophecy of Christ's triumph has been fulfilled to the letter in time past, so we may expect it to be in time to come. A Divine King was to come, and He has come. A Divine Kingdom was to be established, and it has been. It was to have world-wide power and has attained it. The conception of a coming Divine Kingdom of redemption fills the Old Testament Scriptures. The history of the establishment of a Divine Kingdom of Kedemption fills the New Testament Scriptures. The conception and the history match in both outline and detail. Messianic predictions are made by many prophets through a series of centuries, but the unity of the impression made is preserved in the midst of variety. Whoever reads what the Old Testament Scriptures predict as to the Divine King who is to come, and obtains a clear view of the outline of the portraiture of prediction, and then turns to the New Testament Scriptures, and obtains a clear view of the portraiture of our Lord as a historic reality, will find the two matching as face to face in water. This is a stupendous fact in the history of the Scriptures, and one of which no amount of critical ingenuity can deprive us. Purposely omitting a multitude oi details, and fastening attention only on great essentials, I maintain that each side of this arch stands firmly, and am anxiouB that every stone of cach should be tested. I maintain, also, that the sides match each other ; and that when they are placed face to face they uphold in an unassailable position the key-stone of faith in the supernatural, or the reality of inspiration in fulfilled prophecy. As I contemplate this colossal arch, the proportions of which are better seen in our time than in any preceding century, I confess that I stand in awe before it as the work of God, and not of man. PREDICTIONS CONCEBNING THE JEWISH PEOPLB. 1\. There is no denying that the Jews have been dispersed among all nations, and yet preserved as a separate people, and this for eighteen hundred years. They have been persecuted everywhere, but not destroyed ; they have been a people of wandering foot and failing heart, without country or city, or temple, and yet they are not assimilated to other people in their dispersion. This is one side of an arch. 2\. There is no denying that all this was'definitely predicted ages before it came to pass. This is the other 6ide of an arch. Thou shalt become an astonishment, a proverb, and a byword among all nations, whither the Lord shall lead thee. (Deut. xv. See, also, Leviticus, xxvi.) 3\. There is no denying, therefore, that this prediction was inspired by Him who alone can foresee from afar the course of history. This is the keystone of the arch. 4\. It follows, also, that He considered this series of events of such central importance in human affairs as to need to be revoaled in advance of its occurrence. It follows", also, that of prophecies from the same source a6 these, aud yet unfulfilled, we may confidently expect the full accomplishment. Let the critics carry up or down the date of certain documents in the Old Testament Scriptures, as they please, who doubts that this prediction of the dispersion of the Jews among all nations exists in documents ages older than the destruction of Jerusalem and the dispersion of the chosen people 1 Nobody doubts about it. The predictions are of the most definite character, and have been most definitely and astoundingly and protractedly filled. Why not face facts, NINEVEH. There is no denying that Nineveh was destroyed by flood and fire and the sword; that its site was made a desolation : that it was hidden for ages ; that only of late was it discovered by the shovels of excavators; and that it has not risen from its ruins after thousands ot years of varied changes in the affairs of inen. 2\. There is^no denying that all this was definitely foretold many 1 generations before it come to pass. (Nabnm i.'iii), 8\. There is no denying therefore that this prediction was inspired by Him who alone can foresee from afar ihe course of human history, Nineveh was an alluvial province covered with houses, Its foundation reached back almost to the time of the flood. It was made wealthy by occupying a central position on the commercial route between the Mediterraneann and the Indian Ocean. It gathered into its bosom the riches and the vices of the East and West. It was a city of astounding power, luxury and fame. But of Nineveh, while at the height of its magnificence, and when it foreboded .no evil, ithe prophet Nanum predicted that it should be destroyed by flood and fire and the sword, and that its very site should be made a desolation. "The gates of the rivers/were to be opened, and they were. Diodorus Siculus telis us that a flood on the Tigris swept .away a cpnsjaerable portion of the walls of the city. .The palace wai to be molten and it was. The Bamet his- (arian tells is that when besiegers had entered through the walls wJhicb the flood-had broken open, She king, injiespair.eetireto the .palace and perished in the Utter end was to be made of the place of the,city ]i \--Jprita of its bruise. iSfn$Tjeh war to i^d^ift ^as for twenty ^^ariefl.: JEoGh^^ TbeAraft It- ftrjtt; j»teMK6il ;? to our own day to uncover Nineveh and to find.in it proof of all that prophecy foretold. BABYLON 1\. There is no denying that Babylon has been des troyed. -The foxes have looked out of its windows, or did so until its palaces became nndistinguishable heaps of rubbish. Its desolation has not been brought to an end. It was captured by the drying up of its river and the entrance of an army along £he bed of the stream. 2\. There is no denying that all this was definitely foretold generations before it come to pass. (Is. xliv., xlv.; Jer. li.) ' 3. There is no denying, therefore that this prediction must have been inspired by Him who alone can foresee from afar the course of history. EGYPT. 1\. It cannot be denied that Egypt is a base kingdom, and for hundreds of years has produced from her own population no prince to rule over her, 2\. It cannot be denied that all this was definitely foretold many generations before it began to come to pass. Egypt shall be the basest of the kingdoms: neither shall it exalt itself any more above the. nations, (Ez xxix. 15.) The sceptre of Egypt shall depart away. (Zech. x. 12.) 3\. It cannot be denied, therefore, that this prophecy was inspired by Him who alone can foresee from afar the course of history, It is highly important to notice the differences between these prophecies. The Jews are to be dispersed; Egypt is to drop into baseness, Babylon into destruction. Dispersion, baseness, destruction are very different things. They are definite things ; they contrast with each other. They are not vague predictions, arid yet contrasted as they are, detailed as they are, history has fulfilled them to the letter. There was a day when men said, according to the New Testament record, " John did no miracle, but all that he said of this man," that is, of Christ, "was true." How cool is this history, "John did no miracle." There is no superstition here about the supernatural— and yet the many who resorted to John said, " All things that John spake of this man were true," and many believed on him there. Josephus gives us a full account of John the Baptist. Nobody of even moderately adequate information doubts that John the Baptist preceded our Saviour, preached of his advent, claimed to be divinely sent to prepare the way for our Lord, and pointed Him'out in accordance with the Divine sign, of which he had received previous notice : " On whomsoever thou shalt see the Holy Ghost descending as a dove and abiding upon Him, the same is He." There was a day when John, who had thus testified to the Messiahship of our Lord, was thrown into prison on the east side of the Dead Sea, and from that doleful dungeon, where it would seem that from lack of intelligence be became anxious to know what the truth was about Christ, he sent two of his disciples to our Lord. What was their question ? " Art thou He that snould come, or look we for another ?" What was the answer? In the same hour that he received the inquiry, He cured many of their infirmities, and plagues and evil spirits, and unto many that were blind He gave sight. Then Jesra answering said unto them, " Go your way, and tell John what things ye have seen and heard ; how the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf bear, the dead are raised, and unto the poor the gospel is preached." ' What if John the Baptist, the last and greatest of the prophets, were to appear on earth again 1 What if our Lord were here ? What if the old question were to be repeated, " Lord, art thou He that should come, or look we for another?" For ourselves we should answer, „Wc look for no other." Sceptics look for no other. Rationalism does not expect to overtop Christianity. But would our Lord himself need to say now except what he said of old ? Go and tell John of the things ye have seen and heard for 1800 years ; the spiritually blind and deaf and lame have been healed ; the spiritually dead have been raised ; to the poor the Gospel has been preached ; and the kingdom predicted to our first parents in the Garden of Eden, the kingdom foretold to Abraham, the kingdom set up at Sinai, the kingdom which underlay the theocracy of the chosen people, the kingdom the triumph of which the prophets predicted, the kingdom of which the Messiah is both Saviour and Ruler, the kingdom which has for its supreme symbol the Cross—that has conquered, that is encircling the earth, that is now supported by the Church militant and the Church triumphant, that has been sealed of God through century after century. Art Thou He who should come ? He has come. Look we for another ? For no other. Go and tell John, go and tell Boston, and Cambridge, and New York, and Chicago, and London, the things that history has seen and heard. 