THE DIVORCE BILL. ?TO THK KDrPOR. Sir— The members of the House of Assembly should have given their constituents an op portunity of expressing an opinion upon this Bill before they had passed its second read ing, considering that numerously Bigned peti tions had been presented asking for its rejec tion ; but possibly the Legislative Council wil show the wisdom of having a second Chambe by rejecting the Bill and giving the variou constituencies, when again returning member to the Lower House, an opportunity of elici! ing their views on the subject. That petition so numerously signed by the various religion bodies should have been so wholly ignored i not creditable to members of that House, am much of their eloquence might with muc better grace have been reserved until the appear before their constituents, whei they will be asked for their view on the Bubject. In this distric the majority ot tbe electors belong to th Roman Catholic or Wesleyan bodies, and n doubt many of the electors of this- diatric will be surprised to find upon perusing th division-list that our senior member (Han. J Coles) thought fit to absent himsalf from th House when members divided on the secom reading of tbe Bill, and moreover, appears t have failed to pair with any other member thus, in a measure, disfranchising thedistrict The hon. gentleman is well known in thi town aB a prominent member and chorister o tbe Roman Catholic Church, and he owes ai apology to his co-ieligioniata and the othe electors of this district for thus acting Although many of us may differ with ou members in many things, yet we feel proud o our junior member, who at all times haa th- courage of his opinions, and does no trim his sails for the sweets of office o: fears offending any particular class, so long a he conscientiously advocates what he be lieves to be right, bat by spaed logic am admitted eloquence, does justice to an; subject that has for its aim the upholding o our social and religions belief, and frustrat ing attempts of those who now by their ill advised and hasty action may eventually bi the means of bastardizing many of the risint generation. _ As the matter is now being dealt with in the neighbouring colonies i would be wise to watch the result of the Bil there, so that we might reject any of its pro visions that experience may teach na L fraught with danger, or was in any mannei abased, I am, Sir. &&, AN ELECTOR. Kapunda, October 22. Ada — 'Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire, and -the other as-pale as a ghost!' Ella — ' Yes ; Harry waa on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other.' Krat Young Lady—11 Fred is getting posi t vely spoony ; he called me a flower jast before I came upstairs.' Rival Belle (with much Bweetnees)— ' You had been Bitting against the wall for a long time, dear ; bat it was not nice of him to allude to it' 