'OUR NEWCASTLE LETTER. v \ * w (prom our own oobbespondeht.) Newcastle, Monday. Night. Iiivinsstone v. Crofts. ' ' Dave? ' Livingstone, the lcoal ten-mile runner, denieB that he ia not favourable to a match with Crofts. On the con trary, he says ? that immediately Crofts sends along a deposit' to the Evening Oall Office he will lose no |time in covering it. He says that he will meet the New Zealander in a three for £50 aside. ' Davey ' is also anxious to meet either Dunn or Fosse, and should they feel desirous of meeting him they can forward a deposit to the same office to bind a ten-mile matoh for £25 aside, the race to take place on one of the running grounds, either in Newcastle or the me tropolis. There is very little likelihood of Livingstone taking part in the proposed sweepstake. He looks at it in the light of an expensive job, getting ready to meet such an array of formidable runners. Baoing at Wallsend. The Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club have issued a most attractive programme for their meeting on October 6\. Some' thought that owing to the miners' strike the races would not take place on the 6 th, but at a meeting of the committee tlio nfclipr nioVif if. wnn iinnni. mously decided to raoe on the date originally selected. The weights will be adjusted by Mr. Clarence H. Hannell, J.P., hon. handicapper to the Newcastle Jockey Club. Mr Harnell adjusted the weights for the last meeting of the Wall send Club, and the result was that the outing was one of the most successful ever held under the auspices of this flourishing club. The principal event on the card is the P. and W. Handicap, of 40 sovs, 1 mile 1 furlong. The other races are the Flying, Members', Welter and Farewell Handi caps, and horseowners are reminded that nominations for all the handicaps are due on the 24th instant. Hughes v. Searle. The outrigger race between Harry Searle and W. Hughes on the 29fch in stant is the chief topic of conversation in BDortins circles now that the Hawkesbnrv Handicap is over. . The local party are a bit knocked back at .the result of the Searle-Neilsen raoe, and one of Hughes' most ardent admirers was heard to say that he thought tbe looal ohampion hadn't the ghost; of a show against the invincible Grafton sculler. Hughes is doing his work on the river near the Boat-rower's Hotel, where he is putting up with his trainer, Frank Brown. ? Billy' never anticipated that Searle would give Nejl sen such a hollow beating, but he says now the match is made he will go on with it rather than forfeit. Amateur Athletics. The members of the local Amateur Athletic Club have held their first general meeting, and judging by the satisfactory report presented the club promises to be come a flourishing institution. The report showed that the club was formed last October, and there were now ? fifty-six financial members on the roll. A sports meeting was held on January 14, but owing to the wet weather and the many counter attractions the result was a loss to the club of £2i 17s 91. Beference was made to the performance of Mr. T. M'Pherson, of the Eastern Suburbs A. A.O., who broke the 440yds amateur record. The repora concluded by stating that there was a debit balance at the bank of £1 7s. Officers for the ensuing year were elected as follows : —Patron, his Excellency Lord Carrington; president, Mr. J. Wood, J.P. ; vice-presidents, Messsrs. B. W. Kane, W. B; Sharp, H. N. Lang, B. B. Wallace, W. Sidney, jilt B. Anderson; hon. sees., J. A. Phillips and J. TJpfold; treasurer H. Nash. Several new members were proposed, and the secretory announced that the next sports meeting would be held abont the middle - of October. Begatta at Belmont. The Belmont folk have decided to hold their regatta on Lake Macquarie on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, as nsual. A very enticing programme of events is being prepared, and it is quite on the cards that the entries will be the largest yet received by the committee. The sheet of water is second to none in the colony, and a3 the management is perfect, tbe regatta should be an unqualif ed success. Football. The concluding matohes of the season ' took place on Saturday, as far as the As sociation game is concerned. .Newcastle City met and defeated the Merewether team by three goals to two, and the Hamil ton team walked all over the Stockton representatives. Hamilton scored nine goals to their opponents' nil. Afinlaw V4n d The Queen's win of the Haw^g^bury Handicap was very popular^Jere. For scJme time past the 0f Black SwtMi was looked upojyJa having a tip-top show;, and out W&^Jend way the ' sports ' were^ toarticjjjsgjjy g anguine about the mare's snjpSjsg, the result being that they won a pfijr pot. 1 hey Were Had. Two' Newcastle pencil! ers who went to the Hawkesbury Meeting were bled to the tune of about -818. The horses had just started in one of the races on the first day, and the ' bookie' who had the bag con taining the gilt hanging around his neck was straining Mb neck looking over the fence, when one of the light-fingered gentry approached with cat-like tread and sneaked about eighteen ' oners.' He was pursued by the irate pencillers, but getting among the crowd he was lost sight of. 