VARIETIES. A Haunted khlp, WHAT OFFICBRS AND CI1BW THOUGHT TIIKY SAW IN JCID-OOiUN. ' It is ghosts P Well, I deolaro ! Now, just; liston and I will toll you a story, every word of whioh is true. It happened to myself, and I can thoroforo vonoh for it.' The speaker was Captain Charles Munson, formorly for years oaptain of a largo olipper ship in the China trade, but ».t present purser on the Ward Lino steamer Saratoga. Ho is a man who has soon tho son of every olimo, and who has dined in almost' eyery large soaport of tho world. Tho oorrospondont listened with tho oloaest attontion to tlio following story, and hero gives it to tho reader, bolioving it will provo as interesting as it did to himsolf. In the latter part of tho year 188'2, I wna sailing in tho ship A. B. Parker of Boston, of which I was oaptain. Sho was a lino, large vossel of 1800 tonB, built expressly for the China trado. Wo had a cargo out for the Sandwioh Islands, whero wo wero to tako a now cargo for Hongkong. Thoroforo, instead of going around the Cape of Good Hope, which is the usual route to China, wo went around the "horn" (Capo Horn, South America). Our voyage was unovontful and pleasant until wo wore in south latitude about.25 dog., and -vest longitudo 03 dog. 30 min. Ll'ho day an whioh we took this obsorvation nm'olear nnd fluo. Bat it was the last fine day we wero destined to have in ovor a week. A storm camo on that night with tha utmost tuddenness. The second mato of tho Parker was a young man named Hilton. Ho bad boon with mo in this berth three years, and I was greatly attached to him. On tho third night of tho storm, beforo going on deok to head nis watch, ho said to mo : ' Captain, my day has como ; I fcol it—I know it!' I tried to reason him out of the idea. I insisted on his taking an extra plass of Santa Cruz, but ho was awfully down in the mouth. J ust before leaving tho oabin, he gave mo his watch; saying: ' I wan t you to promise mo, if anything should happen to mo to-night that you will see that my wifo who lives in Now Bedford, Mass., shall got this, and that you will tell her and tho children that I died on duty.' I detained him, and said: 1 Tom, you tako things too seriously. What ails youP Stay below. I will head your watoh myself.' Then he langhod and said: ' Well, I suppose I am a fool. No, no, oaptain, I guecs that will bo all right, but I have had suoh a queer presentiment. I daro say nothing will oome of it.' Thus reassured, I let him go on deok. I was engaged in writing np my diary, and tho first mato sat at the same table with mo, writing np tho ship journal, when we heard a strange, booming sound, like hoavy surf on a rook shoro. Both of us ran upon deck in tho utmost haste. Tho galo was increasing in violence and tho sea was running mountains high. Evidently we wero not near any surf, for thoro was not tho least sign of breakers, nor did wo hoar the sound again. Suddenly, as wo Btood at tho companion hatoh, holding on to the ropes to stoaay ourselves, we saw tho second mato turn toward us and point seaward, then make a sign for us to go down tho stairway. In an instant moro wo were boarded by a huge bowler that swopt the ship from stom to stern. In our haste to esoapo the rush of waters wo lost sight of the second mato, and we never saw him alive again. A Bailor who was at tho mizzen-oap saw him disappear with the flood of water as it left tne vessel into the doep blackness of the storm and ocean, a wild yell coming from his lips, soon to bs for over closed with the ooean over thom. The storm continuod to rage with undiminished fury for throe days after this, and during this time our attontion was all taken np with handling the Bhip. On tho first fair night aftor the storm the full moon was up iu the sky and now stood guard abovo the Southorn Cross, a faint, phosphorescent glimmer flashed now and again from the wave-caps, and a dolorous wind moaned and sighed through the oordage. The night was glorious. As I walked forward and back on my watoh on deok how lonely it seemed ! If you havo never been on board a ship in the South Paoifio Ocean yon cannot realise from any description tho feeling that oomes over ono on a midnight watch—nothing but a frail ship beneath you over a desert ocoan, with a great starry vault above. All on board asleep save only yonraelf and the watoh. Thus I felt rathor in the temper that ghosts prefer to have their friends iu when they appoar, and I am not sure but I almost expeoted to see a ghost when suddenly, as I turned in my solitary paoe up and down, I saw that I was not alono on tho quarter-deck. A man was coming toward me, but did not seom to recognize my presenoe—he evidently was on watoh too. It waB tho second mate, or, as I soon saw, his ghost. Yes, it was his ghost; thero could bo no doubt. I tried in vain to approaoh and lay hand on the figure but it always eluded mo, and suddenly, after paring np and down the deok an hour or so, the figure disappeared as suddenly as it had oomc. Well, I was not a little horrified; but for obvious reasons did not say a word to anyone about the matter. A haunted ship is about the worse thing on earth. Next night about midnight thero was a great oommotion in tho forecastle. All the men were out on deok quioker than you oould say "Jack Robinson." Terror was in thoir faces; some were shrieking and others acted as though they wonld jump overboard. I ran to the foreoastlo as quiokly as I oould. On entering it, there in tho oentre of the floor stood the ghost of tho second mato, with a belaying pin in his hand. •' Jack, go below 1" I commandod, addressing him, and to my astonishment ho disappeared like a puff of wind. I reasoned with tne sailors, but all in vain. Thoy had eoen the ghost. That was enough, and nothing would induce them to return to the foreoastle ; they preferred to sleep on deok. Well, this kind of thing continued during tho remainder of the voyage, and daily it becamo more terrible. I do believe we wonld all have jumped overboard rather than stood it had we not been so near Honolulu when it commenced. At last the weloome harbour was gained and the orew discharged. - The Parker lay thero thiee years afterward, and oould get no oargo, no oaptain, no orew. Every ono knew of her story—she was haunted. At last she caught fire and was burned to the water's edge. As remarkable as this story may seem, I assure you it is the truth. I don't know muoh about ghosts and spirits (other than good old rumj. I never have seen any bat this one and I hope I may never see another. -—Cincinnati Enquirer* 