EMtr. Spurgeon's Creed. A correspondent writes to us: I hare just received frt gl., al :d , copy of Mr Spurgeon's n,.w crn d, whic Y has been drawn up by M1r. Siuurgeoun f,,r the use of all who may hereafter wish to enter the Baptist Church as recognised by himn and his allies. I send it to you, as I believe it will awaken great interest in the thinking public out here. In inviting the 432 ministers who said s ",Yes " to his recent inquiry to a Gonfer ence fixed for April 16th, the week pre ceding the Baptist Union meetings, he encloses two creeds. No. 1 is the basis b already agreed to. No. 2, which I here C send you, is much more extended, and Si Mr, Spurgeon says:-- "It will be a far - greater pleasure to me if- any of the d brethren will prefer to sign No. 2. This tl I have drawn up for those who may wish $ to enter afterwards, forall future students and associates." The new Conference is P to consist of men who havebeen students o of the Pastor's College, such other brethren as may now be admitted by the a President, and thoss who may be elected b by three-fourths of a meeting of the II Jonference. tl The new creed, which is preceded and followed by an explanation, runs thus : We, as a body of men, believe in the doctrines of grace, what are popularly £ styled ialvinistic views (though we by e no means bind ourselves to the teaching of Calvin, or any other uninspired man), but we do not regard as vital to our fellowashipany exact agreement upon all the disputed points of any system; yet we feel that we could not receive into this our union any who do not unfeig nedly believe that salvation is all of the free grace of God from first to last, and is not according to human merit, but by the Lundeserved favour of God..' We believe in the eternal purpose of the Father, the finished redemption ot'lhe Son, and the effectial work of the Holy Ghost. 1\. The divine inspiration, authority, and sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures. 2\. The right and duty of private judg ment in the interpretation of the Holy a Scriptures, and the need of the teaching it of the Holy Spirit' to a true and spiritual e understanding of them. . 3\. The unity of the Godhead, and the a Trinity of the three persons therein, o namely, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. i. 4\. The true' and proper Godhead of our Lord Jesus, and His real and pierfeot manhood. 6\. The utter depravity of human 1 nature in consequence of the Fall, which d Fall is no fable or metaphor, but a literal o and sadly practical fact. I 6\. The substitutionary sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ, by which alone sin is taken away, and sinners are saved. 7\. The offices of our Lord as Prophet, Priest, and King, and as the one Media tor between God and man. 8\. The justification of the sinner by faith alone, through the blood and righ teousness of the Lord Jesus Christ. 9\. The work of the Holy Spirit in the regeneration, conversion, sanctification, and preservation of the saved. 10\. The immortality of the soul, the resurrection of the body, and the judge ment of the world by our Lord Jesus, which jndgmont will ha in.l,] ? o,.n. r ing to the words of the great Judge: " These shall go away into eternal punish ment, but the righteous into eternal life." 11\. The divine institution of the Christian ministry, and the obligation and perpetuity of the ordinances of Believers' Baptism and the Lord's Supper. We utterly abhor the idea of a new gospel or an additional revelation, or a shifting rule of faith to be adapted to the ever-changing spirit of the age. In par tiuonlar we assert that the notion of pro bation after death, and the ultimate re covery of condemned spirits, is so unscriptural and unprotestant. and so unknown to all Baptist Confessions of Faith, and draws with it such conse quenoes, that we are bound to condemn it, and to regard it as one with which we can hold no fellowship. Our correspondent, who is not a Baptist, writes as follows:-We cannot quite agree with the whole of the after com ment. That condemnation of probation after death had better been left alone: for what are we to say about infants, infants whether of Christian or non Christian parents? flowerer, as far as the creed itself is concerned (remember ing that clause 11 is framed from an Anabaptist point of view) it is grand and masterly. Would that every Protestant Church would so condense and simplify, and sharpen its creed or creeds. But then, if men will sign the tiJ articles and the Westminster Confession, and yet teach Sacerdotalism and Socinianism. they wotuld be dishonest enough to sign Mr. Spurgeon's Creed, not believing ten words of it. Bravo, Spurgeon! You have all England against you now. You were once a "popular preacher," and hence in a certain senose a man of the fashion, althoughan evangelical Christian. Now, fishionable England is glad to have a down on you. But remembner Athlanasius contm mrunduam. The Wes leyans of England have remonstrated with MIr. Spurgeon about his creed, and he has replied. I was never able to speak sponges." " Bravo!" echoes Mr. Stead, neither was I." Yes, and in each one of the evangelical churches there are a few men to be iound who will not ' speak sponges." Isroairroax (says the Geelong Adrert riser) reached Geelong on Sunday evening to the effect that the body of a black ,whale, about 50 feet tn length, was Sdescovered about two o'clock on Saturday afternoon by two fishermen named Talleo and Way, stranded on a rocky reef about two miles from the mouth of Anglesea River, and adjacent to Point Addis. The monstrous fish, which had apparently been dead three or four days, was towed ashore by the finders, who anticiplate a rich reward for their trouble in the bountiful supply of oil which should result from the boiling down of the blubber. Ten hours is now a working day in Paris. It had been eleuen up to the re cent change. New Zealand is going straight for Pro tection. Additional taxation of £200,000 will be entirely borne by the Customs. The cavalry of Russia is as great as that of Germany anULd Austria combined. 