tflovdtet. STRimlELi OF PARRAIATTA. A' CHARMfNQ LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND'THRILLING INTEREST, By LAURA. JEAN LIBBEY. ■> > \ if , (31IAPTER XXXVII. 0 A STRUdalElN THEDKAlj.HOUlt OFTJIB It was tho most intensn moment of, Inez Clavering's oventful life. Guy Livingston had turned and left her with those terrible words on his lips—loft hor standing alone, speechless, powerless,; spellbound, in tho chill, blue night. Bound her the wind wns whining and blustering. Overhead the, stars were burning golden. , Tho burnished cloudi had gone. No sign of any human figure— man or ghost—was near. Only the lir.trees stretching down'the 'dosplt\tb avenue, and ot the far end, in the dimness, tho high, whito moon shining over' the ^looping flowers. •„ - With a weird cry, Inez sprang forward. Never, no, neVer iwoiild she lend liersolf to suoh a,;Schemo. as Livingstone proposed, She had not. sunk so low:as that. She' would warn Max Forrester. She movdd forward quickly toward tho house, but in her exoitomont turned tiside from the path. ( Her foot caught in the entangling vines, and she was thrown violently on hor. face, whero sho lay motionless, like one striken dead. An hour passed by, and in accordance with hispromiso, Guy Livingston returned; (but, much to his surpriso and anger, Inez Slavering was not there. He did. not see tho unconscious figure that lay so white and cold in the dense shado>v of tho firs. "She is not here," he muttered, with a fierce imprecation. "By that J atn to understand she will not aid me in this sohoine.(,. Would she; dare botray;• lhe to Forrester he musod, with darkened brow. "There's no trusting a Woman in an affair of this kind. But it's' a golden bit of luck that occurs to a fellow only bnco in a lifetime. No one shall stand between me and tho contents of that ,safe." : •• " Again'he turned on hiB heel, and cau tiously approached tho house. All was silent within. Without there wns only the Bound of the night wind stir ring the leaves, and the distant chiming of some far-off clock'striking the liour of eleven/ ' , Th'oVe-Was a light in Max Forrester's room. He rnust waibn littlo. • < It was quite an hour before tho house was wrapped.in.ajiiantle of darkness, and quiet reigned. Then Livingstone, the trusted Bervant, took a l.-.tck-kuy from his pocket, inserted it in tho lock, and tho outor.door* swuug noiselessly back on its .hinges. , , Stealthily lie crossed the dark, shadowy * corridors, until hfl stood before tho door of the small parlor connected with Mr. For rester's sleeping apartment, and in which was the iron safe. ^ It was securely fastened from the inside,' and very deliberately tho midnight- mar*, auder#?t (to work to unfasten it. ' *" At last ho stood within the room. Heavy velvet curtains shut out.th# gleam of the dark lantern lie carried from tho sleeping occupant of tho chamber be yond. • . ...... _ It was a long and laborious work opeu ing tho iron safe, for the combination of tha look, as .he hod .understood it, seemed incorrect. Other means had to bo re sorted to, and great caution exercised. •Tho clock in an adjacent tower struck ono just as the lioavy iron door flow back, noiselessly on its hinges. # The, first drawer, which was irifled in a single.' moment, contained only a broken flower, a small kid-glove, a woman's pic ture', set in a superb pearl and obony frame, and a lock of golden hair. .Livingston tossed tnoniasidoaud opened I \- tho next, , A quantity of papers and other | ' documents where hero, of value to the; owner only. Patiently, one by one, each spectacle was gone through ; but the largo package of bank notes, the bag of gold and the Forrester diamonds, which were knotyn to' bo kept here, were not to be found; a mut tured imprecation burst from_ his lips. Had Inez Clavering betrayed him ? And how had they been removed ? If so, how did he know who might bo watching him from tho dark, shadowy corners ? He gavo a guilty 6tart, glancing fear fully around him, but no form sprang out from the dark shadows ^reassured, he began his search anew, thinking that ho had probably over-looked it in his hnsto. This'happened to bo tho case. In one of the small compartments to tho, left he found the coveted prize. > N In an instant he had grasped tho large package of bank-notes, Ilark! What was that Bound? SI ill clutching his booty, ho leaned broathlessly forward, peering into the darkness beyond, thon cautiously drew the slide from the dark lanterfi, flashing its rays on the velvet curtain that separated Max .For rester's sleeping apartment. No face peered forth from ,thenj. , He was safe enough from that quarter, ;ijono of the servants were likely to bo prowling about at that hour. ' / ' .Very intently he listened. Was it only his fancy,; or was tho sound repeated again •?., So liko a hushed ipoan of torrible pain; and a soft, rustling swish, as of somt; thing being dragged over tlio velvet'car pet—nearer, nearer. , What a fool I am to imagino.such nonsense 1? l>o muttered,- turning. tQ(tlje, windoyr to throw it open with ono hand I holding the package. -<)f .notesi:< ill:tthiwc '.other; but again he paused,'listertihg in j tdntlyy'. •, i •,;•'■! \ « ! ' The strange, souijd-was more distiiict. He could feel, intuitively, andthorVpres jentio-m th$ room,. , . _ , , / " ' | ' Leaving'the' midnight-iintnidcr in this position for a fow moments, wo.will return to Jhfiz Olavoringi/whom.;.wol lbfti lying? unconscious in the dim' shadow of; the trees. j For long hours she lay there,\with' the night11 dew. falling on her faco and on her"' long dark curling^intp.^^v^^.-''^'' Tlipn . sloiw)y.,'ih'«j;ii-b.0w.ilde?pd' eyes opened. ' w. . ■ ;S< , "Where am ,11" How came I here'?: And what is tho matter, wiili-, mo,?!; .she moaned, pressing her' lianas to Her throb bing temples. ' . ' 1 ' ' - Liko a flash, suspended memory re-, turned to her, and all that had happened (forced' its jway through her bewildered br>iin. j " How long had she been thero uncon scious f Was it midnight; yet ? I .Had Livingston come, and,1 not 'finding * her there, puti his torriblo throat into exe cution . pi, , V „ . , „•/, As these; thofaghts fla&hed;. through Iier; brajn the jclbok''in 'the^Hcl jaocnt steeple struck " one. " With n dosporate cry, she tried,to raise | i herself t6 jhor feet, but'tho excruciat ing paiii of tho effcot almost citiade hfr swoon; V ' will rotriove tho past by at least one good action," she murinuL-od^trying to drag fh^raolf,toward thoihouse., j Only Heaven knew ho wsheaccoinplished it, tho pain Was so intenso. Only tlio sup pressed moans that came from the white lips now and thon roleavbd 'lier terrible agony. . i v ' With batod( breath sho crept past the library, across'tho long, diin corridors, to the room where littlo Flo lay,' dreaming in all her childish innocence upon her little wliito bed. Striving with mighty effort to over come the swooning 'dizziness that threat ened to Overcome lier. stop by stop she made her way through the child's room, guided by the dim moonlight, to the door of the littlo parlor boyond which com municated with Max Forrester's apart m'onts. She meant to knock upon it, arouse liirn, | and warn him of the attempt at robbery which was to be made that night. As sho touched the door, to her terror and dismay it yielded to the slight pressure. Ho must have been there beforo her. j Great God! had tho robbery alroady taken place 1 • ■As she crossed the threshold a sight met hor g'azo that frozo tho blood in her viens,. anc| made her heart stop almost beating. ' Sho saw tho safe door standing open | and the figure of a man kneeling before it. ■ -• Tho light from a ohink in the dark lan tern foil upon his hands, and in one of them,she Bawa large paokage of bank-notes Max Forrester had but that day drawn from the Bank of England.'" .She tried to scroamout—-to utter a wild, piercing cry, but the sound died away in her throat. " t Sho clung to tho casement, hor Strang-: ling breath coming and going in fitful gasps. - A desporato resolution' canio to her. Tlio power of speech seemed tbhavoloft her, but she would make her way to whore the mari stood and grapple with him. The noise of, the' scrufflo would arouse Max. ForreBtor, and she might pre vent the robbery at the last moment, por haps. _ Slowly she drojipod on her knees,'drag ging herself slowly, softly, despito liqr horrible pain, toward tho manknoelingbo* foro tlio safe. Ono momont mere, and sho would be so noiir him she could clutoh the hand that hold tho notes ; thon nothing but death should break her hold. 