A STORY OF TO-DAY. A FAIR CRUSADER : BY WILLIAM WESTALL [THE EIGHT OF TRANSLATION- IS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXV.-AFTER THE WRECK. IT was now no longer a question with the | Brandons of leaving "WTiiteshingles forth- with. The wreck seemed to have dissipated Evelyn's forebodings, and give a new colour to her thoughts. She was deeply gratified by the part which had been played by her husband, and the praises of his intrepidity which everybody was Bounding, were very pleasing to her. "Dear George!" she said, putting her xiras round his neck and looking at him with beaming eyes. "Dear, dear George! Heaven is very good to us. If I could have asked for anything more it would have been * this : that before our honeymoon was well over you should save a human life. The risk was terrible-it makes me shudder to think of it-but the reward is great." "To be so thanked, I would risk ten times as much every day," said George, returning her caress. "And the risk was nothing to speak of, after all. I was fastened to a rope, you know. Lucky the poor fellow knocked against me, wasn't it ?" " Something more than lucky, darling," . returned Evelyn, gravely. " Say rather, providential." " Providential, then. I think ' lucky ' expresses my meaning better, though. ^"Wouldn't it haye been equally thc doing of ^JErovidonceif hé had boen drowned ? "When '"'"shall we*contiuue our journey south ?" " That is for you to decide. I am in no hurry." " Well, I should like to stay until this sailor fellow is well enough to go away. That will be Eriday, the doctor thinks. I want to do something for him- the sailor I mean, not the doctor." I should like to see your sailor. Do you know his name." "Isaac Eoper. You can see him, of course, whenever you like. But you had perhaps better wait a day or two. He needs rest, the doctor says-and he takes it sleeps nearly all his time. Besides, he is not presentable. He came ashore almost as .»naked as he came into the world. I have ' ordered him another rig out. Suppose you see him on Eriday-he will be up and clothed then-and we will leave the day after?" "As you like, dear George. Yes, let il be so. The weather seems to be taking up, and we may spend two or three days here very agreeably." Iii the meantime George had several talks with Isaac Eoper, who seemed sincerely and almost abjectly grateful for his rescuer'E kindness. The ship he had belonged to, thc Araminta," hailed from Liverpool and was bound for New York. To complete hei cargo she had to call at Belfast, and was OE her way thither when she was driven out ol her course and wrecked on the Horse Bank " Bad seamanship and drunkenness wer« the cause," said Eoper. " Most of the crevi were drunk when they came on board ai Liverpool, and the captain was three sheeti in the wind when we struck. It was hin . that ordered the boat to be lowered." " A most foolish proceeding. A pity In was not in her himself. " He was, and got drowned for his stupi dity; and worse, d-n him. " He cause< the loss of those three poor fellows' lives and I had a narrow squeak for mine." Despite Eoper's roughness and bad gram mar, it seemed to George that his language and manners were not exactly those of ; common sailor, but the man's antecedent were no business of his, and when the docto pronounced him convalescent George gav him a new kit to replace the one he had los! and five pounds to help him on his way. The sailor was deeply moved, but Georg put a rather peremptory stop to his expret sions of gratitude by asking him to step int the Nelson. . " My wife would like to see you befoi ybik leave," he said. " "When would yo like to start?" " To-night, with your permission, kind su The sooner I get back to Liverpool the be ter. Tho owners of the " Araminta " wil maybe, find me a berth on one of their otht ships." " This is the seaman who was so nearl drowned and badly hurt-Isaac Eoper, said George, as he led the way into the si ting-room. On this, Evelyn, who had been sitting i the bay window watching the sun as 1 sank majestically into the purple sea, ros from her chair and came towards them. " I am very glad-" she began. Then she stopped Bhort with a gas] turned as white as a sheet, and she and tl sailor (who was in the act of making a bo àrM a scrape) stared at each other as if bot had been a ghost. " Isaac Eoper ! Isaac Eoper !" cried Ev< lyn. " No ! It is-"Wilton Conroy." "EvelynWaters! My-" "No! no! no! I am not your wif "Wilton Conroy.!" exclaimed Evelyn, spring ing forward as if she would strike him. " am not your wife ; I am this gentleman's--I am George Brandon's wife, and will be bis till death, death--" " Is*<ic Roitcr ! Isaac Poper .'" c-ied Evelyn. "No! It is-Wilton Conroy." Here she stopped short again, and fell fainting into George's arms. He carried her to the door and called for Ali. Ali came. " "Watch this man," he said, " and for your life do not let him go until I return." Then he bore Evelyn to her room. George was not the sort of man who fools because a woman faints. He laid her on her bed, applied restoratives, and in a few minutes she came to herself. " You aro still with me ! Oh, thank Heaven !" she sobbed. " Don't leave me." "Only for a short time. But are you sure you are not mistaken. Is that man really "Wilton Conroy." " Ob, George, I am not mistaken. I was only too sure. And did you not see that he recognised me ?" If I had known that he might have perished a thousand times before I would have raised a finger to rescue him. I will have a few words with him and then come back to you." " But George, dear," she exclaimed fear- fully, taking both his hands in hers. " George, dear, you are not going t-t ""What?" "Kill him." " He deserves it." "But you won't. Por my sake, for Christ's sake. He is bad, very bad. But you won't imperil your soul ; but you won't stain your hands-. Leave him to God-. Promise! Promise! I won't let you go-." And she clung passionately to him, her eyes flowing with tears, her voice broken with «obs. George lovingly and gently loosed her hands. "Don't fear!" he said. "I never yet killed a man except in fair fight, and you may be sure I shall do nothing of what a man who has worn the Queen's uniform need be ashamed. You must let me go now. I shall be back presently." When George returned to the Nelson, he saw at once that Conroy had been trying to get away. The Indian had his knife drawn, and the other was standing opposite to him, and near the door, in an attitude half-threat- ening, half- imploring. " Go outside, AU, and wait till I call," said his master. " And now, Mr. Conroy, for that appears to be your right name," he said, addressing the soi-disant seaman, "I want a little ex- planation. You were sentenced some five years ago to fifteen years' penal servitude for a series of felonies. A little more than three months since yon were reported to have died at Portland, and now you turn up as Isaat Boper, and call yourself a sailor. What does it all mean? No hesitating, please make s clean breast of it at once, or I will send foi the police and give you in charge as ar escaped convict. What does it mean, I say V " You need not threaten," answered Con roy, sullenly. " I will tell you without. Bu you have a right to know. After my tria and conviction I was sent with a lot more first to Newgate, then to Millbank, last t( Dartmoor. Just before we were turned ove to the warders who conveyed us to Dartmoor I contrived to change identities with a fellov prisoner. It isa thing not easily done, bu it is done. The man I exchanged with wa called Isaac Boper, a professional thief, wb was in for five years, and spent more time ii gaol than out of it, when and he got out did no expect to be more than a few weeks at libertj Well, for a consideration-I got somethin done for him through a friend-he agreed t< take my name and lend me his. The chance were, pf course, very much against the thin going through, but it did, for as it happene we were not very unlike. So at Dartmoor became Isaac Boper-in for five years, h< Wilton Conroy-in for fifteen. He died short time since-about the same time that ] having got some good marks, was released o a ticket of leave a few months before m time. ; As Isaac Boper had been convicted £ Liverpool, I was sent there to be discharge and turned adrift, with a suit of shodd clothes on my back and a few shilling which I had earned at Dartmoor, in m pocket. " What was I to do ? I durst not for tt life of me make myself known. All n friends but one-and he is in America thought I was dead. There was not a soi to whom. I could appeal "without riskir recognition. I was bound to get out of tl country at all hazards, and then it occurn to me that as I knew a good deal aboi boating, and used to sail my own yacht, tl best thing I could do would be to work n passage out to America as an ordinary se man. So for my shoddy suit and the great part of my money I got a second-hai sailor's rig-out, and then got a berth on boa the ' Araminta.' You know the rest." . " Yes, I know the rest," replied Georg grimly, "and I wish it had been a very di ferent rest. I wish I had never come he and that you had either carried out yo intention of going to America, or be< drowned the other day in the breakers." " I understand," said Conroy, insolent! " you have married'Evelyn-" ' "Stop! How.,dare.you speak of my wi as Evelyn ! You have forfeited every clai to consideration or respect. Miss Watt and I married when we heard you we dead, not before." " Don't let that trouble you; Mr. Brande We can easily square that little difficuli There is nothing I want so much as to g out of the country. Give me a little mon to start with on the other side-say a tho sand pounds-and you will never see me hear of me again, and nobody shall know am alive." "You scoundrel ! Why you are a greal cad than I thought you. Give you a tho sand pounds I It is not enough that I sav your life ! Not a thousand farthings. A look here ! If you are not gone to-morn I will tell the police who you are. Y have money in your pocket. There is train to Liverpool to- night." %? With that, George turned on his heel and left the room. At the door he found Ali. " Let him go where he will," he said. Then he went to poor Evelyn. She was in a state of excitement so intense that he almost feared for her reason. One moment she would twine her arms round his neck, [ and declare that she would never, never leave him, that nothing but death should part them. Then she would say that she was a wicked woman, that they were living in sin, that she must go, go at once-go where she could hide her shame and nobody know that she was married to two men. It was quite impossible to discuss the question on its merits or think what they should do. George watched by her the night through, consoling and comforting her as best he could. An hour or two before dawn she fell asleep, and though unutterably wretched, he was so exhausted by the emotion he had undergone, that after a while he slept too. When he awoke the sun was shining brightly, yet Evelyn still slept. He looked at his watch. It was past ten o'clock. George rose and went into his dressing room (he had lain down with his clothes on.) The matutinal tea was there, quite cold. Ali had doubtless brought it at daybreak, and his knock had failed to wake him. Then, with mind so pre- occupied that he scarcely knew what he was doing, he slipped into the corridor, and at the same time Bag shaw passed with a tray. " Oh, Mr.' Brandon, how you frightened me," exclaimed the butler, letting the tray fall with a crash, and looking terribly scared. " What the mischief-why should you be frightened ?" " Oh dear ! You have not heard then." " I have heard nothing-only just got up. What is the matter ?" " Matter ? Murder's the matter. That sailor you rescued, Isaac Eoper, was mur- dered near the station sometime last night. They found his dead body lying there this morning-throat cut from ear to ear." " Mattel- ? Murder's the matter." "Eoper murdered?" gasped George, reel- ing against the wall. "Impossible. Ton rave, man !" " No, Mr. Brandon, I don't rave, I only wish I did. The terrible news is only too true. If you don't believe me, go and ask the police." " I will." And without another word George put on his hat and went straight to the police office. The sharp walk and the fresh air soothed his nerves and restored his presence of mind, and he managed to talk to the inspector on duty without showing more emotion than was natural in the circumstances. As Bagshaw had said, " the terrible news was only too true. Conroy had been mur- dered, but by a stab between the shoulders, not by having his throat cut. "Somebody must have crept after the poor chap in the dark," said the inspector, " as he was on his way to the station, and taken him unawares. The strangest part of the affair is that he does not appear to have been robbed. Anyhow, there was nearly five pounds in his pocket. I suppose the villian that did it heard somebody corning and was too frightened to finish his work. But we are making every effort. I think we have a clue already." " Of course, and if you find anything out, I shall be glad if you will let me know at once. I thought of going away to-day, bui I shall not go until after the inquest. The coroner may possibly like to have my evi- dence, though I don't think it is likely tc throw any light on the affair. "When wil! the inquest be held, do you suppose." "Probably on Monday." " Very well. I will wait until Tuesday.' After a little further conversation witt the inspector, George went back to Bagot's He found Evelyn awake, looking as wretch edly ill and woebegone as the day before sh< had looked radiant and happy. "I was beginning to fear you had lef me," she said with a painfully patheti< smüe that went to his heart. "Why should I leave you," he asked sitting down beside her. Never, while ! live will I leave you." "But you must, must you not? Or, '. must leave you. It is not right. But '. cannot think. My head is in a whirl. To' must think for us both, darling. But abou one thing I am quite clear. We must sui mit to God's will and do right, whatever i costs." " I quite agree with you, and it is rig! for us to remain together. The man is n longer your husband, even in the eye of th law." " How can that be, George ? Am I nc married to him, and does not everybody sa that the marriage was quite legal?" " So it was, Evelyn. But the marriag is dissolved. Conroy is dead." " Oh, George, do not trifle with me." " I am not trifling with you." And the he told her about the murder. " It seems all a dream, I cannot realif it," she murmured. "What, what! Il you think"-sinking'her voice to a frigh ened whisper-" is it not possible they ma suspect-suspect you?" " It is not possible. I left Conroy in ot sitting-room last night at six o'clock, can here to you and stayed with you till t« o'clock this morning. Besides, who cou possibly suspect me of taking the life of tl man whose life I saved only the other dav All the same, I am not hypocrite enough pretend to regret his death. You said th my saving his life was providential. T: and think his death is equally so. At ai rate, neither of us is in any way responsib for it." " You are right. George. What shall \ do, then?" " Stay here until the inquest is over; thi go back to Scotland and get married ov again. We can do it-in such a way th nobody will be the wiser, yet be able prove the second marriage if the first shou ever be called in question." "* i '.. When Ali heard that his master was returning to Scotland, he said that he should like to return to Bombay. "Why?" asked George. " It is so cold," said the Indian, with a shiver, "and the English climate does not agree with me. I think it would be good for my health to go to Bombay for a while. But I will come to the Sahib again." " Perhaps you are right, Ali. The climate here might not agree with you this winter, and it would be a pity for you to be ill. Tet, I shall be sorry to part with you. You saved my life, and you have served me faith- fully and well, almost too well, some would think. I will pay your passage out, of course, and your wages will be continued just as if you were with me. As for myself I am not sure that, except in one respect, my visit to England has been quite a success. The climate, as you say, is cold, and life is hard. I daresay next year will see me back in India." And then they parted. Ali went away in good spirits, for according to his ideas he had done neither more nor less than his duly, and he knew that he should soon see his master again. THE END. 