THE FALLS, BY THE GHOST OF-EDGAR ALLAN POE Come and gaze upon the falls ! And men say as down they go, " Wn it allte!" or "fRatlls !" or Oh " Whdest the omniscient boy, What a heaighp. of foaming spray leaps o'ere, Witheir a yellrocky will them annoy,! For withey frantictumble, fitumble, tumblejoy Down th he yearning gap belowce. Ohilst the epithets he bawls, Seems a great gigantic grumble, OrWhilst his victim spreads ard sprawls Down they go, go, g, e And cistern over-w.s Up thine fquotpatls, and he galls, With triumphant csterwauls. The wretch, lying, sighinig,' cryiog, From his falls, falls, falls, falls, From hisalls, falls, falls From the aching and the splashaing Of his faIlls. When a woman has a new pair of shoes SHow about those horrid falls,together different >rm a man." She never shovenc her toes into em Foothpand yanks a td haulls he ?red What a shake-up to the body,eah and how the es stamping and ng around, but And them on pr way as down thcarefully, twitchesgo, * "Hong it all!1" or " Rats!I" or "Oh!,' Whem off against theomniscitake a lasnt boy,and sees she has got he right of voice, pulls them on With a yell willat them dreamlannoy, ays they For with frantic, fiendislijoy Dt'th he rejoice. Oh just right, epithen taking another lookwls, tops suddenly to smooth out a wrinkle, Whilst his victimand supreads adthem sprideways, Hwlaims : " hercy ! how loose they aile,", oks at tndm again square in front, worksw rUp the footpat, around so they won't hurt hegalls, With triumphant caterwauls. ite wreto much, lyingtakes them off, looks at thcryig, From his falls, falls;' falls, falls, From his falls, falli, Frel, the toe, the achinbottom, and the shkinside, Of his falli. Wts them on a wgman, walks a new pair of shoes sent home she p rformarks altogether diffbtterent half from a mat she won't hashov them at any pricento them and yanks and hauls until she is, red its down the mirrface and all out of she ca, an see howen they leek, turns it in every possible direc. gon and nearly dilocates her neck trykicking around, but pulle how they looked from that way carefully, batwitches , steps up again to take a last look, and srewell ooks, says that they make her feet look aw fu1 big and will never do in the world, ifs the has got the right one, pulls them ons agaorein, loasks ather husbad what eays theyinks are just it, and then taking ano attentio tok, shat heops suddenlays, goes througoth iout all agawrinkle, and tiiists round, and surveys them sideways, excally aims "Mercywill take looshem. It is very," looks at them again square in front, works smple. her foota around so they was anxious to her quite aro much, takesaway the ominous linelooks at the corners heel, thr mouth. " ee bothat dresses arthe inobe worn longer than uisual next season," he ob puts them on agancing carelessly up and from the rges of his morning papto her " Well, if theyr half e to bshe won't have theman Iat any compelledrice, tilts down thmine mirrorthey'll have to she an see of they look, turns it in every possible direc tion and nearly dislocates her neck trying to seet iron," sthe repliooked wifrom a look that way, hebacks off, sterwards up agconfided, to a friend, 40 fairly looks, says that they make her feet look aw ful big and will never do in the world, puts them on. and off three or four times morhe, asks him.er husband what he thinks aboutny sighedt, and theRobin pays no attention to whaPretty little trembling hand, it all again, nd efinally with outstrethed arms he squm It iser zd simple. her They had a tiff, and h was anxious to ?'Loose me l" but he claspad her tighter, clJennie, saway thewilt thominou be mines at the ?corners' ofen her moubright face grew much bri hter, worn longer than usual next season," he ob Anserved, glancing cawhisperedlessly up from thethine. pages of his morning paph other. " Well, if they are to se together asrn lnger twohan I am compelled to wear mine they'll have to he made of sheet iron," she replied wieach other soundly, he afterwards confidedm in to hat friend, fairly scorched him. The Rev R. Dott Th~ompson advert?ises in Jenny sighed and Robrning : for a valet who Premust ktyow a bit about boxing, and, if necessary, be able to put ,up the raw 'uns." [tis very evident that even the natives of The far awayith old woutstretched arms he troubled with hok agents occasionally. For what other Half-reluctant form-and-an!- "ason would a minister of the gospel wish to "Jre a pugilist w A farmer met a patent medicine fence corator in ca elbourne the other day Cd invited him to come out. "I'll give n tleave to paint your signs on five hun -d rods of fence along the main road," id the farmer. The next day the sign "mutr hired an expensive livery affair and tove out. The farmer gave him.a warm bleome and invited him to look over the rasom After a while the gainter wsked to A farmive hundred rods of fence. "0h, I for ort to tell you in town," said thefarmedr, drehat the fence is wire.ao the m Ai young ma- proposedmfor the handd of a autiful girl. As she hesitaved, 'he said-r I await your answer with bated breath." ae girl, who is a good deal of a humorist, aid-f" Well gir. A lank, youh willt have to bait your breath with something besides whiskey to catch your humblb servant." "Did you ever try to play on a cabman' that old joke of 'lost sovereign?'"asks a friend ours. "It's lots of fun. A relation of mine tried it last summer, and succeeded, too, in spite of the rather stale flavor, of this practical joke. He took a'hansom after mid night at The 'Princess to ro to his lodgings out in Carlton. Remembering the staleness of the ' lost sovereign ' dodge, he thought it would. hardly ' go down' with a bright and cunning Melbourne cabby, but resolved to try it just for the fun of it. Just as they name in front of a publichouse a few dqors from his home the ' fare' stuck his head out of the cab window anid ordered the driver to halt. ' I Eay, cabby, I've~dropped a sov ereign in the jstraw on the bottom of the vehicle; just pull Up at that.' pub' till I run in and get a match Eo that I'can find the coin.' ' All right, sir,' said the cabby,, and pulled up opposite the door of the hotel. D.y friend alighted and had scarcely taken thre?esteps in the direction. of the' ' pub ' When, lo l. Mr, Cabby whipped up his horse. and fiew away into the foggy night, carry ing with him (as he supposed) that sovereign snugly conctaled in the straw. The 'gentle man, having now reached bis lodgings and without expense, smiled, a smole, like the opening of a portmanteau, anM wickedly gloated over the brilliant success of the ancient sell." 