Buying a Bustle. "Is there anything elsel" asked &dolphbs; McSloggerty, as be paused, p ncil and tai let in hnad,.before the wife of his bosom. She 'was 'busy making :a ,ewp own,: anf Adolphus had offered to purchase somes littletrifles which ahe needed: to?completh the costame. He often .did the shoppmin for her, like.a dutiful young husband, ana saved her a world of trouble,soshsbdelared. He had become quite an expert at match. ing _ribons. and other trimmings,'and hif taste in colors, his wife said, was better tha? her own. lie kept the run of. bargain adl vertismentas, and knew all about. remnants and ruching and buckram and sorah silk and button holetwist and the other gewgaws which go to make oup the female form divine. She had given him a little order; and so when he asked her if there was any. thing else, she said "N--; yes, there is too. I need a new hnstle." "A what, my deanr?" said Adolpbus; thinking he had misnnderstood her. "A new bustle, darling. The one I have now is out of fashion. I don't like the shape, anyway. I want one of these-Why Adol. phus, what -is the matter?" she suddenly asked. She might well'itsquire. Adolphus, paleas a ghost, had suddenly sat down on the chair. "Y--on don't want me to go and ask for a bustle, do you F" he asked, with a sickly grin; " Why, yea; what-is there in that 1" "W-ell, I hardly; thought men ever asked at a draperr' shop for-for any such thing as-as that," he explained. "I thought that," she said "but, of course, if you don't want to, why, I'll--do without," she added with that accent of resignation which women so. frequently use, and which so exasperates a man. "Oh, no-no-" Adolphus feebly began. "Very well," quickly said Marella, "I, want one of those in semi'circular layers, made of wire spirals, small at the ends, and fat in the centre. You know wtat l?mean, don't you, dear " " Of course." said Adolphuse, lis pride somewhat touched by the detailed descrip. tion of the desired article. "I'll get it, of An Excuse. "I say, Clara, arc you going to Mrs. S?unh?? in ihat dressY" "Certainly. Why not! "Isn't it rather-r r-' Loudl "Oh, well, that doesn't nmattr-Mrs. lShuibv' aL Deaf as a Post." I course. He went away cheerfully enough, but his heart rather misgeve him when he .thought of the task of asking dor the mys terioos oad unique article of feminine wear. He sought out his favorite shop, purchased the thread"and -the-v'oy white braid and some buttons, going from counter to counter, and puttingoffthe dreaded:purcase for the last. "Thathwiflhe all,tI think"he 'said non chalantly, and then added 'n an' off-hand Ray," Oh,by the bye, I wise' to by a-a bustle." . The: girl looked" at hin suddenly, but Adolphus riveted his 'gaze on a case of per. fumery and bithis lip. " "Next floor for the hustles," said the girl in a tone of voice which 'Adolphus thought 'nnecessarily loud. Several personsbuyiag goods near by turned and looked at'him. He'walked hurrledly away and sought the npper floor.. He saw iothilng that looked like' bustles, and he approcched a shop. 'alker, and said 'in the softcrt of under tuies "I'ouiad like to see some bnstlee" - The shop-walker wheeled about'and houted :like ?ioolonel addressing a regiment '"Miess O'Brien, show this gentleman some bustles I" ld'Sloggerty could have'brlined bhit on the spot, for everywoman on the floor stopped b.?ing.to .look.jt the 'inu who had'the nerve to bhy a' bustle. With his earr tigliug and a bhrning fae, poor Adolphus walked is bravely as he could acs~es the.what seemed to hihn a nill of floor space, gazed at by hundreds of eyeu, "where a pretty girlwith mahogny'?red dress and hair done up in a Sappho knot stood with a smile waiting for him. With a look in ter eye that Adolphus thought 'was most devilish, she said " What did you desire ?" "A bustle," said Adolphus between' his teeth. "I beg pardon," with a deepening smile. "A bustle," faintly. " Oh, a bustle," she repeated in a clear,' distinct v*iceg,?ganlng'abbot her as she spoke. " Well, what sort of bustle do you want !" and she indicated a counter piled with strange wiry things. Adolphus ex plained, The girl, with the most tantalising look, sid they didn't keep that kind and she looked as if he waglad of it. By this time four other girls had aunaterd up -uso they had joel huppened alons, althnogh Adalphes could have sworn thatthe chief of the inquiition ba? signalled them to ap pro'ahb. They,:hispered to ench other and rigsled alittle, never taking their eyes off phis face as ha pawed over the wonderful addltionaeto Ihefemale frame, acekinp for a .subetitefor the design Marcolla had de acribld. At lencth he shut his eyes, put out }lih band, and elected the one he touched. "Gimme that quick," he said ehokingly. The girl; eniiling most abominably, had the infernal mathine wrapped up for him, gave him htla 'changs; and allowed him to hurry away.with a ripple of laughter sounding in his reddening ears, He was on the street before he noticed that his feorfnl purchase was wrapped in paper almost transparent and nearly as fragile as tisoue. He saw with alarm, too, that the hastlewasso compressed that it occupied only one-sixth of its natural aspace. He thought it the safest to take the thing straight, home, so he started for the trii.. At-cvery step he could feel the steel springs an;d wires pressing againsotthe then derpuapr and threadlike strings which con fined them and he hastened his pace to avoid the accident which he felt sure was about to ttke place. He drew a lene breath as he gained his-seat in the train, but his heart eank within him when he saw that thepaper had given way at one end, and that the steel bands were slrwly resuming their nat. seral position, and coming in to view. He grasped the end with hoth hands, but there was a tearing sound. the whole package gave way, and the infernal apparatus straightened itself out with a triumphant twang at being released from the unnatural pressure. The sweat rolled down MtSlogeerty's brow, and be groaned in angnieh when a woman came to nccpy the otherhalf of the seet in which he sat. His contortions had now attracted the attention of the'whole carriage, and be tween the tittering of the women and the sarcastic remarks of the small boys he felt that. life was becoming a burden. The cur ed bustle spread itself on every aide, and he could have sworn that it measured seven feet from tip to tip. The guard came alone and said something aboutbhat being no plaoe for'bird.hounes, and that it should be taken to the loggage van. In desperation the miserable man closed his eyes and waited for his station. When he arrived he bolted out.and uever stopped running till he stood before M?arcella. The. next day Marcella, at her mother's, declared between sobs that she had never heard such language froml)Dlphy before, and her; sympathetic parent said that she would go.home and live with her a month and that she would try and make things all right. 