By E. F. B. DB. DACOMBE sat at breakfast with his son and daughter, and perused a letter with some marks of annoyance on hi8 kindly weather-beaten face. , "Well, I suppose you had better read this, Pansy," he said, thoughtfully, handing the missive to her, " its from that queer aunt of yours." Pansy, presiding over the bright coffee-urn, begins to read with curiosity only the small, crabbed handwriting, but as Bhe gets to the end, her fine glowing face becomes pale and disturbed, and a kind of scorn draws her dark eyebrows together. "My dear brother-in-law," runs the missive, "I know you of old, and I have lately seen your son, never mind where ; I feel no interest in him at all ; your other child, the girl, I wish to see now, and if I like her and her ways Bhe shall have part of my money, to be paid at my death, and the other half, £40,000, shall be paid to you, to be ex- pended in your favourite craze, since I know you have had your nose kept pretty close to the grindstone during the past years of your married state, and I presume you have had to drop it. So you can send your girl to me on a visit as soon as you like for a month, say, more if she wishes. I live at Black Rock, and the principal society I can offer her consists of sea-birds and fishermen without and any col- lection of parrots within. 1 may say, if she is no good, I shall leave my money to found a home for elderly parrots, BB I consider them far more deserving of respect and sympathy than the crawling race called human beings. "JANE E. MORTON." A choice epistle truly. "Your turn, Leonard," said his sister, in a dry voice, passing it to her brother. There were no secrets between these three, the father wise, clever, an indefatigable worker in his profession, in which his son had lately joined him, and proved himself a chip of the old block, and the thoughtful, energetic girl of nineteen, who brightened the home and guided the house with loving skill. " Heartsease she will give you when I am gone," the failing mother said, when Pansy had first seen the light. " Call her Pansy." And all through her young life the words had come true, heartsease to all who knew her she had been. .'Father, is she really our mother's sister? asked Pansy, in a grave composed way, and eating her toast with her usual moderate zest. " Really, Pansy, but not like her in one single instance," replied he, with the gentle reverence one uses in speaking of those long gone from our midst. Leonard's face is a scene of conflicting feelings, evidently, and his tone is full of interest as he says, " What will your answer be, yours and Pansy's ?" and hands the letter back to his father. " I think I shall leave Pansy to decide," said the Doctor, looking with a clear quiet gaze into his child's face. "Be perfectly unbiassed about the money as regards me, and as regards yourself, my daughter, I can leave you enough to maintain you comfortably ; and as to my study of astronomy years ago 1 did care about it, but L am getting old now, and don't see my way of doing much at a new line of things after so long. Circumstances of our past life make me feel quite indifferent about any wealth belonging to your aunt Jane ; if she leaves her money to benefit parrots she is welcome to do so. My only reason in leaving you free to go to her if you wish is that your youth and contentment, your unspoiled interest in all that is wholesome in life may in- fluence her mind a little for good. I pity her as a soul given over to self and all evil passions, and would be especially thankful if a child of mine could lead her to better things. She must be very old, and her race nearly run." This was a long speech for Dr. Dacombe to make, as, like many of the profession, his speech was inclined to be brief but weighty. His daughter listened with intelligent interest, seeing clearly the responsibility of affairs, and how much rested with her. " We can think over it for a few hours, Father, dear," she replied, slowly, and the expression of her clear cut womanly mouth was firm but sweet. No scorn remained. Presently the Doctor went out in his neat buggy, Leonard into the surgery, and Pansy became absorbed in domestic affairs. When dinner time arrived she had decided to go to Black Rock. Watching her father's face when she told him, she read there a measure of content, mingled with natural concern at the queer hostess she would have. " Very well," he replied, "and remember, she was very eccentric, selfish, and full of whims and sayings fifteen years ago ; I think she must be much the same now, judging by her letter." " There's a queer air about this proposed visit somehow," said Leonard, suddenly, "are you sure Pansy will enjoy herself, father, or find existence down there anything like passable ?" "Oh, I expect so, Leo ; your Aunt is certainly eccentric, but she is human, and Pansy's good spirits and common sense will be a match for her odd ways. And you will be having a lesson from the most wonderful and interesting book in the world, the book of Human Nature, my daughter. You know why Socrates married Xantippe," continued the Doctor, mirthfully. " Because in the event of being able to endure her, he could endure every other ill. Perhaps you will be thus fortified when you come back to us." Xantippe was a scold, papa," said Pansy, serenely. Aunt Jane can scold, and I shall only feel privately amused and contemptuous; if that's all, don't waste any pity or con- sideration on me." So it was settled, and the Doctor wrote a brief courteous note to his relative that day, arranging for Pansy's trans plantation to Black Rock on the coming Friday. He was very busy just now with some difficult cases, and the weather was very unseasonable, so for the next few days his mind was fully taken up with his professional cases, and when Friday came he was at the last moment prevented by an accident to a neighbour from taking Pansy himself to her aunt Jane's house as he had fully intended. So Leonard drove her instead. The wild sea-wind blew in their faces all the way, and glimpses of rugged coast, and frowning rock-walls burst every now and then upon their sight as the turns and curves of the long beach road gave opportunity. At last the house described by the Doctor was reached, »nd they went in through the heavy iron gates, and up the drive to the house. Old and rambling, it was a ruiu rather than a house, owing to decay and the wild weather it^ had seen ; and the garden waa gloomy and neglected, with damp paths wandering away into nowhere. A pale quiet servant-raaid ushered them into the drawing room, once handsome, and still bearing traces of past grandeur in a splendid marble group, the famous " Laocoon," and a fine specimen of Japanese art, a six feet high cabinet of unpolished wood, embossed with curious metal work, which stood in a prominent place. ' In a few minutes the door opened, and an old lady appeared, erect, white haired, with dark piercing eyes j she came up without a smile, and stood before them. " You have come, Pansy Dacombe ; you think it worth while, eh?" she asked in a chill hard voice, with a touch of contempt in it that brought the hot blood to the girl's cheeks, at the same time giving a cold hand to each of them. "You are my sister's child," she added quickly, in a tone full of strong feeling, of what kind was not apparent. But she trembled from head to foot, and her keen eyes devoured every lineament of the fair young face. "Yes, aunt," replied Pansy, rather bewildered by this strange reception. "What a wild place this is to live in," she volunteered, as a roaring gust of wind tore round the house. " Ts it very cold here in winter ?" " I don't notice such a thing as weather ; it is not a part of my life at all," was the cold reply. A dead silence ensued, during which time Leonard seriously considered whether he had better not take Pansy back with him, since this strange character was certainly no fit companion for her. Miss Morton then asked her niece if she would stay a month with her. " If you want me," returned Pansy, trying to speak pleasantly ; and not finding it very easy in the face oE such cold tones and looks, and thinking the same thought as her brother, that she might do better to return with bim. He sat, anxious and thoughtful, not at all liking the look of things. Suddenly his aunt turned to him, and in a less unpleasant voice enquired after Dr. Dacombe, their united practice, and so on. And Pansy thought to herself that solitude and want of home ties had done much to make her relative what she was. Leonard refused to stay to tea, knowing how his father's time waa occupied just now, and drove off at five o'clock. Then Miss Moiton took her niece upstairs, and through a corridor to a small bedroom, plainly furnished and spotlessly clean, but destitute of ornamentation or feminine adornment of any kind whatever. It had two doors, one opening into the passage, and the other locked, but apparently the entrance to another room. "This is your bedroom," said she, in the same hard voice she had used at first, "and as tea will be ready presently you had better come down with me now, or you will be lost." Lost in a house seemed rather a comical idea to Pansy, and she glanced at her Aunt half smiling at the supposed pleasantry, but did not meet with the vestige of a smile in return, and presently they went down stairs together. (Pansy continues the story.) I hoped that the cheering influence of a cup of tea would thaw my frozen relative a little, and took my place opposite her with a measure of complacency. The dining room was long and lbw, and plainly furnished with Austrian bent- wood furniture and Indian matting ; there was no fire burning, and the room felt very cold. A good tea was provided, and the table was well laid; but after a few minutes I felt that eating with an icicle for vis-a-vis was almost impossible. " I don't think that you want me here, aunt Jane," I said in a voice of some indignation, for her behaviour was Bel fish and disagreeable, and the unnatural silence of the house was most oppressive. Moreover I had noticed her keen eyes upon me in long sustained looks, and I somehow felt that this woman was neither good nor true. Her eyes were too closely set together, which was a sign of meanness and her lips were thin and cruel ; her chin and jaws were square and heavy, a formidable character to offend, I saw, and yet if I did not say or do something to preserve my individuality, I felt as if I, too, should become an icicle, or a mere irresponsible mass of flesh and blood. "If I ask you here, it is to be supposed that I want you, Pansy Dacombe," my aunt replied ; "are you home-sick already ?" this with a slight sneer. For a moment I did think of papa and Leonard sitting in the cosy room at home, and felt the want of their bright conversation, and the peaceful home interests keenly, but I reflected that I came here for papa's sake, and to do what little good I might to her by my companionship, in which light my doubts and murmurings were premature and selfish. "I don't know that I'm home-sick, aunt," I replied, as pleasantly as I could, " but you don't seem glad to have me, though your letter did not lead me to think you would be ; but we are relatives, and-" Here I felt compelled to look at her, and a peculiar feeling all through my being prevented my saying another word ; I lowered my eyes, and accidentally they fell on her plate-she wa3 eating raw meat ! Although a physician's daughter I was ignorant of the fact that very old people are sometimes recommended to eat meat in an uncooked state, and a great horror of my ghoulish companion filled my mind. I trifled with bread and butter and said no more, but watched her furtively. She might have been fairly good looking once, in spite of the characteristics I mentioned, and still possessed traces of a fine figure and presence, but her eyes were remarkable in that all the power of her being seemed concentrated in them, and a strange feeling had thrilled me every time she directed them full upon me. Her manner was pre-occupied, she ate mechanically, and was evidently absorbed in thoughts which included nothing or no one present. I sat and ruminated over the strange atmosphere in which I now found myself. 1 had been taught to regard life as a book from which valuable lessons were to be culled as its pages were turned, and the wisdom of my father who had early tried to train me to clear cool judgment, and careful notice of doubtful signs and actions in another, lest I should form incorrect opinions, supported me at a time when new and peculiar phases of human character were before me. I was not nervous by nature, nor more of a moral coward than my fellows. I hope ; and had a definite contempt for anything of the supernatural or ghostly order, so that the following pages may I trust be read as a true narrative, and not as the outcome of hysteria or unbridled imagination on the part of a foolish school-girl. The dreary meal being over, the same servant-maid I had seen before cleared the table, and having nothing better to do I began to take stock of her. Very thin, and pale, with nervous hesitating actions and walk, and fair lustreless hair, large pale blue eyes and a small weak formation of chin and jaw; a negative character, I concluded, whose natural sur- roundings should be meadows and pastures, the simple routine of the farmyard, and homely pleasant companions; but last of all the wild tempestuous sea-wind, the sullen (Continued on page 10.) CContinued from page 7.) roar of ocean, and the bleak bare summit of Black Rock, with such a mistress. There is such a thing as white slavery ; among the women of the labouring classes we find the victims ; and, as in the old days of " Uncle Tom," men and women are the oppressors. The slavish timidity of this girl filled me with irritation ; she seemed unhappy and in poor health ; why not go elsewhere, if it was only a question of wages between her and her mistress ? I could not possibly fathom then the horrible tie which really did bind her to my aunt, and it was just as well. She left the room, and my Aunt turned to me and said, I could go out if I liked, or read or work there in the room, which latter alternative I preferred. I went upstairs and found my room with some trouble in the dust ; it was very silent and chilly here as everywhere in the house, and I quickly gob my work and came down again. No one was there, so I closed the door and sat down by the light of a good lamp, and was soon engrossed in my artistic needle- work. I had designed it myself, and the rich hues of the pomegranate fruit, bursting with over ripeness and showing its treasury of golden seeds, were beginning to glow on the dead-green velvet. One hour passed, and another ; I was getting tired, and to tell the truth vaguely alarmed at the utter silence around, only broken by the fitful gusts of wind that swept round the house, and the wonderful creaks of branches as they were bent by its violence. I sat with my work in my lap at last, and thought over many things ; among them the fact of our dependence on each other for congenial companionship, which struck me now as never before, and on the strangely different characters one met with in life, which two points were so full of subject, and gave rise to so many more that, when the door opened and my aunt appeared, I was surprised to find it ten o'clock. She marched to the sideboard, and took out a decanter of sherry and some biscuits, which refreshment she offered me. I was glad of the latter, as my tea was not very substantial, but I declined the sherry j she took more herself and put the things away again. "This is your candlestick," she said, suddenly pressing one into my hand. " Thank you," I replied, taking it mechanically, and looking at it. With difficulty I repressed a scream of surprise and horror. It was hard to believe that a living snake was not before me ; it stood on the table, just where 1 had dropped it in my alarm, a bronze candlestick, sure enough, but composed of a snake in a horribly twisted attitude, and the handle was formed by the head with glittering crystal eyes, and open jaws. "What a strange design," I murmured, "it is hardly conducive to repose, aunt, is it ?" I added, with a sudden dignity and fearlessness, born of the feeling that my good natured relative was testing my nerves, and looking her full in the eyes.. (To be continued). 