NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Payable gold has been discovered at Black Head, Ballina. The coalmining industry at Lithgow has been very slack lately. It iB reported from Wilcannia that water there is scarce and dear. The total rainfall of the colony irom the 1st of January to date waB 6 G04in. A gold-bearing reef has been discovered at Ingalara Creek, near Michelago. The Newcastle Municipal Council propose to borrow £10,000 at per cent. The people of Wentworth are de-irous of having a email-arms factory established there, There iB now 259 members in the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science. Gold is reported to have been found near Cleveland, on the shores of Moreton Bay, Queensland. The Wollongong Municipal Council have given the requisite guarantee for reticulating the water supply. Sir Henry Partes says that he has matfe up his mind that the Local Government Bill shall be passed into law. The board of directors of the Sydney hospital have decided to appoint a medical superintendent as soon as practicable. Through railway communication will, it is expected, be completed between Sydney and Wollongong in September next. The death is announced of Judge Johnstone, of New Zealand, who recently went to England for the benefit of his health. The Rev. John Elkio, at Lithgow, has been presented with a purse of sovereigns. The gentleman will shortly leave for England. Mr. William Jardine Presswell, an old Australian pressman, lately on the staff of the Darling Downs Gazette, died at Toowoomba on Saturday. The name of George Robert Nicholls has been struck off tbe rolls as a solicitor of the Supreme Court, for gross misappropriation of clients money to the extent of £400. 1 A town allotment at Broken-bill was purchased three weeks ago for £400, and again sold last week for £1000—representing £600 as the unearned increment of a fortnight. It is reported in London that the Chairman of the New South Wales Board of Railway Commissioners is to receive £3,000 a year, and that the amount is to be increased to £4,000. The Wentworth Municipal Council last week took over the waterworks recently erected by tbe Government, when the acting mayor turned on the water in Darling-street. Tbe dispute which arose between Mr. Quong Tart and Sergeant M'Donald in relation to tbe refusal of the authorities to allow Mr. Tart to go aboard the Tsinan, has been amicably settled. The cost of the locomotives which the Government of this colony have decided to adopt regardless of where tbev are manufactured, is £3000 for goods and £29S9 for passenger engines. The action of certain officers of tbe Social Purity Society in Sydney, who watched the proceedings in a disorderly house while hidden behind a screen in a tobacco shop, is beiug very severely condemned. Mr. Maxted, at present chief inspector and boardinpout officer of the State Children's Relief Board, will be appointed director of Government asylums for the infirm and destitute, and boarding-out officer. The Minister for Mines has been asked to shorten the period of quarantine for sheep—90 days. Mr. Abigail promised to iuquire as to whether granting the request would be compatible with the public safety. While America spendsin intoxicating drinks £1 3s. 6d. per head, New Zealand £3, the United Kingdom £3 7s. 10d., and Victoria £4 19a lid., the New South Wales drink bill is £5 14?. per head of the population. In the case of Hall and others v. the Commissioner of Railways, heard in the Jury Court, King-street, Sydney, a verdict on one of the counts was given in favor of the plaint ffs, with damages at £5482 16s. 5d. The mission now being conducted at Balranald by Dr. Dunne, Roman Catholic Bishop of Wilcannia, and Fathers Hegarty and M'Encroe, is being largely attended. Similar missions are to be held throughout the whole of the diocese. It is understood that some 15 of the Chinese immigrants by the a.s. Changsha have instituted proceedings with a view of their right being established to land in this colony, after the poll-tax of £10 has been paid in respect to each of them. At a meeting of the Queensland Commission for the Melbourne International Exhibition it was stated that tbe £2000 granted by tbe Government to defray the cost of representation was nearly expended. It was resolved to make application tor another £1000. The Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the working of the Civil Service, with the ot j ec* of securing more efficient and economical administration of the departments, are now pursuing their investigations into the management of the Government Printing Office. The representatives of the members of tbe New South Wales Amalgamated Tramway and Bail way Service Association asked the Minister for Works to increase the minimum rate of W&gea; in the service from 6s. to 7s. per day. The Minister promised a favorable consideration of the request. The Iguana P.O., Croydon goldfield, has crushed 179 tons for 1443oz. of gold, or over 8oz. to the ton. The stone was taken from the 220ft. level, on the underlie. Only 4oz. to the ton was expected. At 150tt- tbe reef has been exposed in the bottom level; it is 2ft. thick. The previous crushing was 966 tone for 3108oz. The first railway line the Government intend to submit is that from Marrickville to Liverpool, at cost of £390,870; the next will be trom a point beyond Parramatta to Dural, at a cost of £44,000 ; and another is one from Pearce's Corner to the waters of Port Jackson. A large number of-others arc aleo mentioned. Sir Henry Parkes stated last week that there was not one single shilling added to the deficit, which stood at £2,620,000 when the Government took office. The Government have a bill in hand to provide for the gradual extinction of the deficit. It is proposed that a quarter of a million of money shall be paid every year towards its reduction. A telegram from Maytown, Queensland, dated Friday, states :—" A crushing of 400 tons from tbe Anglo-Saxon mine has yielded 2,400oz. of retorted gold. Only the tables have been touched yet, and there are over 150 tons to go through. The mine is getting very rich stone. Five thousand pounds (cash) has been refused for the No. 1 East Anglo-Saxon ine." The Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the question of the construction of tanks and wells by the Works Department have, during the past few weeks, been engaged reviewing the evidence taken and in drawing up their report. The report, which it is understood is of a very exhaustive character, will be submitted to the Government at an early date. Among the settled districts of New Zealand where stoats, weasels, and ferrets, turned out to destroy the rabbit", are becoming a nuisance, a movement is on toot to urge on the Government the desirability of ceasing further importations. However effectual they may be in rough country, they are generally regarded as of little use where they can obtain the poultry of settlers. Sir Henry Parkes made an important Ministerial statement in the Legislative Assembly last week. The Land Bill is to be dropped for the present seasion. The Land Tax and Property Tax Bills are to be proceeded with. The Chinese Restriction Bill will be dealt with to completion, and it is proposed to deal with tbe new Standing Orders submitted by the committee appointed to frame them. Mr. and Mrs. M'William, of Kangarooby Creek, have suffered a bereavement in the loss of their daughter Kate, five years of age, through being burnt. It appears there was a fire in a paddock near the house, and after school the child must have gone to it. She was burnt almost all over, her legs being completely charred. The poor little sufferer lingered in great agony for fifteen hours. The Works Committee of the Bathurst City Council have presented a report, in which they direct attention to the grossly incompetent manner in which the waterworks were being carried out by the Government. The report referred at length to the way in which the pipes from the lower to the upper reservoir had been arranged, the reduction in size causing an extra strain on the pumping engines. In the New Zealand House of Representatives Mr. Ormond's resolutions that the school age be reduced to six years, thereby effecting a saving of £25,000 ; that the subsidies to local bodies be discontinued, so as to avoid the necessity of putting an additional tax on tea ; and that, in the present circumstances of the colony, it is inexpedient to impose a primage duty of 1 per cent., were defeated by a minority The Wellington correspondent of the New Zealand Herald states that a young man named George Henning was charged at tin court there with being a deserter lrom her Majesty's ship Nelson, while she was in that port in March, 1887\. After hearing the evidence as to the arrest, his Worship committed the accused to prison until one of her Majesty's ships comes to New Zealand, so that he can be put aboard of her. In consEquence of the attention of the Premier having been drawn to the recent outrage which took place in a cell at the Central Police Station, Sir Henry Parkes called for a report on the matter from the acting Inspector-General of Police, which he has received. It appears by it that the police were in no way to blame, and there did not seem to be any way to prevent such occurrences. Mr. Ashcroft, for some time manager of the Government railways at Wellington, New Zealand, has brought under the notice of the Government an invention which, if successful, would reduce the cost of the midland railway across the Southern Alps by one-half. The principle consists in raising a train bodily from a lower to a higher level by means of a hydraulic contrivance. The model works perfectly. Amongst the railway proposals of the Government which were explained to the House bv the Premier last week is a line from the lllawarra railway to Kurnell, the site for uoxious trades. A petition in favor of this line was recently presented to the Premier, bearing the signatures of about 70 members of the Legislative Assembly. The line will be about 10 miles in length, and the estimated cost of its construction is £50,000. Mr. Clark, representing Mr. H. H. Kingsbury, agent'for Edison's Electric Company, addressed a meeting of ratepayers at Bl«y»ey last week, on the advantages of. the electric light over gas. His object in visiting Blayney is to induce the borough council to go m lor lighting the town with electricity, which no doubt eventually will be the case. Ibe Mayor presided at the meeting. A hearty vote of thanks was paBsed to Mr. Clark. On Saturday, 2nd inst, at the Corowa Police Court, before Mr. A. K. Beveridge, f.ML., a young man named James Toohey, a resident of Springhurst, was charged with being of unsound mind. He was remanded until the following Monday for medical treatment. At the same court on 4th inst , after hearing the evidence of D. Loughrey, who bad examined the unfortunate man and pronounced him to be suffering from religious mania, tbe P.M. ordered his removal to the Sydney asylum. At about 6 o'clock on Saturday evening last, whilst the uptrain for Sydney was passing through a cutting on the lllawarra line, between Kogarah and Rockdale, it ran over two horses, both of which were killed. The animals were fully harnessed, and had a buggy pole attached. It is stated that they entered the railway enclosure by the gates at Kogarah crossing, and had travelled along the line to the place where the mishap occurred. It is supposed that they must have bolted with a buggy, which became detached from the pole and harness. A mining sensation is reported from Orange. A.t midnight on 7th inst. an expedition started to re- peg the forfeited leases at Mount Regan, near Lewis Ponds. Telegrams had been received from Sydney agents announcing the gazetted forfeitures, and at 12 p.m. the expedition started to go over the old pegs by lantern light. They then went to Orange and waited patiently opposite tbe warden's office from daylight until 9 o'clock, when the registrar arrived ; ard where there was more than one application for the same ground a ballot-box was brought into requisition. The greatest excitement prevailed, bat everything passed off very good-humouredly. Mr. Justice Cooper has addressed a long letter to the Commissioner of Police, charging Sub-inspector Brannelly, of Normanton, with dereliction of duty in failing to obey his Honor's instructions to send a police orderly from Normanton to the anchorage to meet his Honor on arrival from the south. He has also charged the sub-inspector with impertinence, and recommended bis removal from the position he occupies. Sub-inspector Brannelly's explanation is stated to be that he Bent a constable to the wharf to meet the judge on landing, but that he was unable to spare a man to go out to the anchorage. He denied that he had been impertinent. It is understood that the Government will decline to j follow the judge's recommendation. Mr. Thomas A. Tarbart, Chief Inspector of Stock in Tasmania, and Inspector ander the Codlin Moth Act, visited Parramatta for the purpose of inspecting the orchards infested with the codlin moth, and to interview Mr. Wakeley, of Seveu Hills, regarding his pest and disease specific. He was rather surprised when Mr. C. B. Cairnes informed him that the growers had not taken any active measures against the moth. The Tasmanian Government have taken stringent measures, and are not even then able to cope with it. All cases, he says, are scalded before being returned to the growers from the markets, so as to prevent dissemination. He complains of the lack of co-operation on the part of the grower. Mr. Cairnes showed him some local specimens of tbe moth, which he at once recognised as the "Simon Pure." A meeting of the Opposition members of the Legislative Assembly was held at Parliament House on 7th inst., under the presidency of Mr. Dalton, for the purpose of considering the question of the appointment of a leader in succession to Mr. Dibbs, who recently resigned the position. A long discussion took place with reference to the position of the party to the appointment of a new leader and to a proposal to appoint a committee to manage the affairs of the party. It decided, on the motion of Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, seconded by Mr. Hassall, that no leader should be appointed at present. A resolution was passed, on the motion of Mr. Lyne, seconded by Mr. Gale, that the committee appointed draw up a letter to Mr. Dibbs in recognition of his services to the party, and that they should organise an Opposition picnic. The City Coroner (Mr. H. Shie'l, J.P.) held an inquest at the Grand Pier Hotel, Manly, regarding the death of Mr. Thomas Arthur Strickland, who was drowned near North Head through the capsizing of his boat. The additional evidence taken was to the effect that Mr. Strickland's dead body, and also the man Eiward Wigley, were picked up shortly after 6 a.m. on Sunday week by the captain of an outward-bound ketch and taken into Manly. Immediately after this bad been done the police were communicated with, and they sent for Dr. W. H. Tibbits. When he arrived upon the scene he pronounced Mr. Strickland' life extinct, and concluded that his death was due to asphyxia from drowning. Wigley was promptly attended to, and, though he remamed unconscious for several hours, eventually revived. The jury iound that Mr; Strickland s drowning was accidentaL In view of the submission of the Government proposals to the House a petition was presented to the Legislative Assembly by "Mr. Gordon from the inhabitants of the town and district of Young, asking hon. members to consider favourably the projecttd cross line of railway from Young ns the starting-point to Grenfell, Forbes, Parkes, and Dubbo. The petitioners pointed out that the line advocated was almost straight, that it would pass through a rich agricultural country, thickly populated with settlers whose prosperity was retarded for want of a market for agricultural and pastoral produce. The country, it was said, was also rich in minerals, gold-bearing quartzreefs having been recently discovered, and reported to the Mines Department. It was further urged that the line would be a great national benefit, as it would open up immediate communication between the Great Western and Southern lines. Captain Francis H. Bursden, an old Imperial officer, has died at Woollahra, aged 89. He obtained a commission in the Royal Engineers in 1824. He was injured at a review three years afterwards, was transferred to tbe civil service, and was one of the undersecretaries to the Duke of Wellington in 1838. He was despatched with a detachment of sappers and miners to South Australia, and tbe last work he engaged in in that colony was cutting a road from Adelaide to Melbourne in 1851. He afterwards superintended the construction of dock works in Tasmania, and took part in the Maori war in New Zealand, in which colony be entered the Survey Department. He came to Sydney in 1883, He died in indigent circumstances, although he was the claimant of vast wealth in connection with tbe Godolphin estates, which are still in Chancery. The training ship Vernon has now entered upon its 22nd year as an industrial school, and is the oldest establishment of its kind south of the equator. Of late years the work in connection with it has wonderfully increased, and probably few people are aware of the extent of the operations carried on by its agency. A few figures will make this clear, and will also afford a comparison between the nature of the work done now and when the present commander took charge. During the past month the highest number on board at any one time waB reached, via, and the admission and discharges for the month amounted to nine. Notwithstanding this large all-round increase the staff of officers is less now than when the boys numbered nearly a third less than the figures above quoted. In addition to the boys on the vessel there are also some 460 lads serving their apprenticeship in various parts of the colony, for all of whom the commander W responsible until they attain the age of 18. The S. M. Herald has an article on the ease of a Chinese woman and child, the wife and son of a resident in Tasmania for 12 years, who are detained on the Ohangsha because no vessel will take them from Sydney unless by consent of the Tasmanian Government. The quoted asks, " Can inhumanity, clear injustice, can oppression go further," and it likens the case to the same spirit of cruelty which, in dealing with tbe Jews in Poland, separated husband and wife by sending the latter to Circassia and the former to Siberia. The Herald, concludes :—" If this woman is allowed to return to China and is prevented from joining her husband, how shall we read the history of this continent in the future) One such act would destroy the virtue of a century's good deeds and endeavors. No country can afford to do inhuman things. Ttiis woman should be permitted by the Tasmanian Government to join her husband, and if she is prevented how shall the country answer for it in the name of common justice and humanity V We have to report very successful results from the efforts of Mr. Thomas Halloran iuthe direction of storing ensilage. On his farm on the Albury road Mr. Halloran two years ago made a silo 20 feet in length, 10 feet in width, and 4 feet in depth. It was simply a hole in the ground, andwaB filled with native trefoil, grasses, and English rye. This was piled up until the heap was neady 6 feet above tbe ground, and it was then covered .over with earth. During the two years it solidified, and is now about 3 feet in thickness. Last year tbe ensilage was not required. Upon the pit being opened the contents were sound with the exception of the bottom, which was slightlydamaged. It must be mentioned that the silo J was of the most primitive form, not drained and not possessing the improvements which have from time to time been adopted in older countries. Stock eat the clover with much relish, but do not seem to care about the rye grass. After getting used to the feed they eat it extensively, and as it has good fattening properties is an excellent diet. Mr. Halloran now intends to store ensilage on a larger-scale, and to employ the latest means for its proper storage. The pit which he recently opened contained from 12 to 14 tons of food. This is the first practical test of the kind, it is be* lieved, in the district, and its success should induce farmers during good seasons to lay by a stock for periods of drought. The New Zealand Herald states that a female ex-patient of a lunatic asylum named Mrs. Green has, in a sworn statement, made very serious charges against the management and officials of the lunatic asylum. The substance of her statement is that she has been ill-treated by some of the female attendants, that they dressed themselves up as ghosts to frighten her, and locked her up in a padded room telling her that they were going to an undertaker to order her coffin. Subsequently one of the attendants came to her as a Sister of Mercy, asking her to make a confession before the coffin came. She also complains that she was dragged by the hair to her bathroom, and^ien she refused to go they alapped her on tbd ia'ce. Messrs, Ewington and Stevenson, the'official "visiting-inspectors of the asylum, proceeded to investigate the charge. They inquired on arrival at 7 o'clock in the evening if Dr. Oremonini, the medical superintendent, was in, and received a reply that he was at dinner, and could not see them just then. They waited for him, and he came down to the room in which they were, and asked what they wanted. They told him of the sworn statement which had been sent them, and which they desired to investigate. The visitors proceeded to examine the attendants, and in the evidence it transpired that such conduct as had been alleged had been indulged in, and one of them • acknowledged that the complainant had been slapped in the face, bat refused positively to say who did it. (3fAt the Armidale police court a man known ;by the name of Burns was brought up on a •charge of horse-stealing, and remanded for the production of evidence. Horses have been < disappearing in the district for a long time, : and several of them were found in the possession of the prisoner when arrested. Burns re- > Bitted arrest, and the affair was likely to it&rmr;&ate; tragically. He was armed with two )revolts, and on the arresting constable )snakit]g~t,is appearance at Burns's place, which iis situated amongst the ranges, Burns drew <one of his revolvers and attempted to shoot bim. The revolver missing fire, he was in the -act of pulling the second one from his breast when he was plcckily seized by the constable. Burns has for a long time been living a kind 'of outlaw life amongst the ranges, and he has ^allowed his hair to grow to such an enormous •length as to become known as " the hairy mian." He has been wanted by the police for isome years, and is believed to be identical -with the noted bushranger Riley, whose depredations some years ago caused great excitement in this colony. The prisoner was again brought up on Saturday, when he was committed for trial on the charge of horse-stealing, He was then indicted for robbing the Inverell nail coach six years ago. The mailman swore almost positively to the man being Riley. The prisoner was further charged with stick ing up a traveller at Bolivia last November. The accused was further remanded till Friday (to-day) on both charges. Some little time ago we published a tele gram from Wallendbeen to the effect that M'Kenneth Mackay, who is a believer in the xhight both of the pen aud of the sword, had ^ot together a body of some 50 men who were anions to be enrolled as a troop of light cavai"y The announcement was received with gt a^ satisfaction, as a proof that there Were not > u e wanting r in the colony men who were prepared vo ' y 6° training necessary to l? l a n t t t r i , to u n d e r t h e 6 f their own anu' 4 t h e m f o r t PB°P h e w o r ' k o f hearths u a r d i n and homes. The mov.'* o t h e r P le a P attributable to the speech J of Sir jment ° y i s e ? f h a s ^agp Wagga on bush cav^* fl nr and P r k no e B a doubt t the energetic men who ha v e b a n L d? twelves together for so praisewori.V d patriotic an object reckoned on getting a' P a n d / "cognition from the Government, and a B e e d y acceptance of the offer. The proposal was n, t e a d » we believe, in- March, and the matter is still , a d e m abeyance, A-more effectual way of damping the martial ardour of those who have spontaneoi. _y ® eo favorable an ofter to the Governmen m ° a d . scarcely be imagined. Unfortunately c only on a par with the customary treatmen the volunteer forces here. Instead of foste/* 0 ing a spirit that should be of incalculable service to the country our policy appears to be £ to nip it in the bud and to deny any encouragement to those who are anxious to supplement our available forces by their own V voluntary efforts. It may possibly be that the reorganisation of our defence forces, which is a sow under contemplation, has had something to do with the failure of the Government to accept the services of the 50 volunteers. Walking down Macquarie-street the other night, and seeing a cigarette in the mouth of every second boy I met, reminded me (says a writer in the Dubbo Dispatch) that the nuisance is getting so intolerable in America that, in the United States Senate, a bill has been introduced to prohibit the selling, giving, or furnishing of cigarettes or tobacco in any of its forms to minors under 16 years of age in the district of Columbia. Senator Chace presented a petition in favor of the bill from 257 physicians in the district, who, he said, had been giving this subject, and especially the sale of cigarettes, much attention, and had become impressed with the belief that it was " a very great and serious evil." Senator Stewart concurred in this, saying that cigarettes are " destroying more youth than any other one thing thkt is affecting the prosperity of the country." Besides the petition signed by the doctors there was one signed by 86 clergymen, and another by 524 superintendents, officers, and teachers of tpublic schools. According to the estimate of New York physicians, " there are not less than than 3000 cases of impaired health in'this city traceable to cigarette-smoking, a considerable proportion being of boys. It is obvious that the deaths directly resulting from this habit, as in the instance mentioned above, do net give even a faint idea of the damage done. One of our best known doctors claims that this practice checks the growth of boys, end lays the foundation for lung and thtoat diseases, dyspepsia, &c.;, which do not develop themselves until a later period." It seems to vne from this that our boys have to choose between " Little Beauties " and little coffins. "WELLS' TTAT« BALSAM.—If gray, restores to originaVbolor. An degatat dressing, softens Mid beautifies. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming oat; strengthens, Dleantes, he»l« ecalp, 