®runtb0. Skating. Mayor Scott. Mayor Gepp. Mayor Shaw. Mayor Cleave. Mayor Vardon. Mayor Curnow. Mayor Shierlaw. Auditor Stodart. Mayor Manning. Mayor Willimott. Mayor Champion, Alder IT in Bullock. New moon at 4 p.m. Alderman Kfgedom. Manning beat McCarthy, /n easy win for Washburne. It is tasier to talk than to work. Barometer at noon to-day, 29'93, Another validity test by McCarthy, Sympathy with ex-Alderman Nash. An old newspaper notable returned. Dike and skate at Norwood to-night. Big orowd to see the rinking contest. Not much " give in" about McCarthy. Our only Nash has to take a back seat, Who are the watch-dogs of the Ministry! Police should look out for furious driven. Yon ought to see the skating championship. All about the municipal elections on page 4. The " Young Australian"'element in ejections. " Walk round corners." But how many do it ? Have [you read that letter by "A White Slave." Monday Parliament. What shall we come to next? Cycling demonstration at Norwood Rink to-nigbt. How do the wives and families like the idlenesB? An election disturbance at (juiet Moonta. Come, now! Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court open Tuesday, So the Radical placards at Norwood didnt move all the world. The Moonta folks wouldn't elect the local Admirable Crichton. Hopkins at the bottom of the poll, Hope he feels comfortable. Our Protector out in the Gulf at target practice on Saturday. How the Renmark telegraph business riles J. C. F. J., to be sure. Parliament on a Monday. That looks like the .end of the session. Now, come Mr. Alphabetical, don't be too rough on Mr. Speight. Only sixpence to see the Championship of the World skated for, Tut, tut; people conldn't do without their Crumbman if they tried. The success of Renmark should encourage further irrigation works. Bartlett's motion of no- confidence—that the Loan Bill be rejected. Norwood and St. Peters Mayors both members of Union Parliament. How would you like to be in a skating race with the thermomer at 100? A skating rink can be make a cool place even in the hottest we&ther.; Some people say tnat the sting of a bee is a perfect cure for rheumatics. A moderate amount of new blood introduced into the Corporations. McCarthy will probably have a happier year than the la3t at Thebarton. "The prcmotion of arbitration as a means of settling international disputes." There'll probably be some rhetorical 'anguage from ex-Alderman Nash. Why didn't Mr. Hawker urge the claims of Port Broughton to the Barrier trade ? Two children knocked down Carrie-street corner Saturday by fast-ridden horse. Mr. Todd's weather forecast of "rain before long "is equivalent to a hot wind. Sun rose at 4.42 a.m.; sets at 6.58 p.m. Moon rose at 4.29 a.m.; sets at 6.43 p.m. We have Mayor Champion, but who amongst the lot is the Champion Mayor ? There's one kind of dog not mentioned which some few public men represented. Requisitions bearing a lot of big names do not count for mnch in *b electoral contest. Practically the train from Bowden to Adelaide leaves three minutes before advertised time. The would-be Mayor of Norwood issued a splendid cheap advertisement for the- Register. William JoneB, the Quaker, linguist, traveller, and apostle of arbitration is with us. Before the franchise is extended to ladies some one should give them a iew lessons how to vote, IB it true that Mr. Giles and Mr. Ward consider Port Germein to be the Bite of the Garden of Eden? The passengers from Bowden to Adelaide muBt be on the platform before arrival of train from the Port. Terrible thought if the result of these municipal elections should be any index to the next Assembly's. Will Mr. Robinson remonstrate with that "White Slave's"- wife and take a shot-guq and bulldog with him ? Whafs the idea of keeping the gates lockedatthe Bowden Station several minutes before the train starts ? The Austral Race winner and world's record breaker to have a public Welcome and presentation this evening. It's only an oft-repeated faot, \psjt the election shows that the men who advertisedmost judiciously succeeded. Quotation for December 3 :—T. Carlyle born, 1795. What I thick I utter, and spend my malice in my breath.—Cymbeline. There vnu never yet philosopher, That could endure the toothache patiently. —Muck Ado About Sothing. The Norwood Cycling Cinb and supporters to present Champion Davis with an illuminated address at the Norwood Rink tonight. 11We're always praising Australian poets: why not give a turn now to men who have self-restraint enough not to drop into rhyme? M.P.'s invited to luncheon by the Governor and by the Press cricketers on the propogation day. How will they overcome the difficulty ? Belzoni, the famous explorer of Egypt, died at Galo, in Guinea, December 3, 1823, while making preparations for an expeditionto Timbuctoo. No, it is not true that Edison has sent out a special phonograph for the Might-Have- Been to speak into and return for the astonishment of American crowds. John Flaxman, the eminent English sculptor, died December 3, 1826, aged 71, Though a flax-man he was anything but a man of straw. On the contrary, he is regarded as the greatest of modern sculptors. Our Innamincka correspondent consoles UB withthe following:— 41 We arenoirgettingveryhot weather, yet so far the highest shade registered 110', but if this dry weather lasts it will soon be hot encugh." Robert Bloomfield, the poet, died in poverty, December 3, 1823, aged 57. He wrote his admirable didactic poem " The Farmer's Boy " while working at his trade ai a shoemaker, in London. It was published in 1800,. and in three years 26.000 copies were sold. Battle of Hohenlinden and defeat cf tha Austrians by the Frenoh, under General Moreau, December 3, 1800. Upon the return of Morean to Paris in 1801, Raonaparte pretended to receive him with great cordiality, but they were both too eagerly pursaing the same ambitiouB path to eBcape coming iota collision. Hence Buonaparte taunted Morean with being " the retreating General," while the latter retaliated by defining htB rival as a "General at ten thoasaad men a day." James II, dedicated December 3, 1688. He was the second son of Cbarles 1., and succeeded to the throne on the death of Charles 1L in 1685 ; but his zeal for the Catholic religion, his despotic temper, and his habitual insincerity leading him to adoot measures subversive of the Constitution, the Prince of Orange, who had married his daughter Mary, was invited to England by several of the English nobility ; and James, finding himself abandoned by hie friend*,, retired to France. After several abortive attempts to regain the throne, he Bpent the last years of his life in ascetic devotion, and gave np the ghost at St. Germeins, 1701. 