ta-V. i v \\* A NOVEL. BY JULIAN HAWTHORNE, V I...-Author of "Garth," "Sebastian Strome," "Archibald Malmaison," &c.;, &c.; TO TIE WARWICK ARGUS. A NOVEL, ."!/. *»ilJ ' \- W'" 4vlte iHfcvtthpim Author of "Garth," "Sebastian Strome," "Archibald Malmaison." Etc., Etc. among her subjects, and her subjects never so much as rattled. She finally made herself wnfwUHa fasoftUt^uck. >' tamflettrifega'of tariafk*nWda.-<'lfcr la afinihirtiufittW gima wfaidl blalurMtt,'taOt MW'laiWW^-V1 MMMVIV thanthlnjofcra'flf rilnS hav*1Wa*a4 pdlWWItoj'Uid claatti; and that* after ill) 1B the buU of their muidoitf .adIWntdlwj. i Hure iaaomething ibjal 'fa' the aspect of outlaws and desperadoes who do i^WWtaite/fcffl.men,' Haw b only oak Wag nobler than to destroy life, and that ii, ,|- r a . i. ' 1 omajg' (ao fera«I«mbe «aid 'to havej dutoe^ ohooai'' ootnl" aeherfV and k ndtbet of Homo idvant . ,llti.poltoubtt-* phntaian feihfafratant, Oat 4a tut .MM tt&aato-oreaMng; #'tfcjTe«tct*-wi» tay or-! -^0m .wffl. oaver faomrilirii < and'iimeitie^ of ?KMiWwy beoktladkniiped- i 'l.^B'the-wiilwt.beiue, .. Iiwfln Tonei 'Wtchefl ) good anoMtora: modioli * ' " jUIhad my ~VrijI;»hooia. i i ^) j 111 *»1 a^ tiiE Myt«mj#aniert *>em» 'tivftre-i \- vitlsnn -Jfv. ttougn -JphniinatoD rf yotij pfn older in ,my: ~iytimcMhertf them. In this my twenty-eighth year, my character the hdvof Biy ftwilralog has'never struck* Of course it never will strike: thii percep tion of latt^taMslbiiitiflfc is no doubtoommcm Ufa" gn^UiaDy obUtetmelk I Siakn observer &p;& & student; but I haft iUfrdf titepiritod tboO&ttoldiipinh;* etanoet'. , IS* atfttlia** obedietat not ag gressive; rl)ATi6'ttUji nllefin (inadnitio& $ bat that will oool in timo. I o&hrwith; the whole tiring did noteeetn ao like Juayaoting. I fsacylianoald'have bee* better (being what I am)without that fifty thousand dollars that my father's will gave me. I ought to have had the whole estate, or nothing. Henry did voiy wojl ^riti fiiq fifty. thousand: at least, hjs desire always IBM to mam abnut (he Wjprll,(and Jlis bequest.has Bnabled him to do t.aO these foil; lyparg rinoe fatkerdied. But enryiflss ditforimt from.me-from bothmy actual and my possible self—as a brother ppflldbR.,. He it a raWjUas, lawless bnhentian, —unconventional in thought and act, mysterious, unaccountable, lovable, and a genius. He oin :,V> happy ,anywliei»,i tor he enjoy* erepjlpisjniseqtes, Jiprpoeioaiilielp serving him, .for no .one can hulpliidiighlm. dfarmy part, though not of b gushing .disposition, I am his willing ftawiwrneMreribe fe within reach of .me; ana I have jwtuilly pined for himduring tlilfllqngabsenoe? ?? . 4* Wgirfs John, it .tfrak'anbthbr matter.' He it me^eWertl and,>ia4 fbtfcsr mwHt *to maintain jWE to file core, = [ his Ufa were psssSi Ik Amwrlna, Ihd hp.,(pake of ihlntsolf himself as an out-and-out Yankee), we were always trained to regard John as the future la family, Kadi* sraiesortiof aHirtfcorl Wqpd than iW^n'Thoughaigmarota Ate fellotrj tfomHijaistiathr-1 ?ii»^ a IMiiWHll. airi r&llf; 1 . . nd to^k^o^tMM ttUt*.u TPS)# Mm,aatL something more; b*tt I; care most for Henry. And I am inclined to Wfpeflk th»t Hsary.U motbar?atavaitte'M6]:l though she has never confessed as much, and is tofjnmmMioiii'lMEiiiutipoteteaniltit' ftrhapsl'srouldbettofha'ro'tataiilkif, Vb6okrsaid"tiav# ottfclftbfo'frchi' mwstead, *nd Mtub'fdrmyMlf, idled:! think'I Aoidd have' doas.po.hadl'boonleft'lo tnrttifr Btit' mqthsriwraq mmuatotnad to my ttftustfationfa;' and Jolm oonW hardly hare tte< kloni with the matters consequent upon his accession. And, to confess the truth, I am indolent: I la^kambitian; Ilabk'n mbth-e.' If thb op. part«mi|y orthe stimultam'iho,TUketofiiliov I might fdoorfce iwH>othlngln'tlie;WtUi-if,' tor Mwtauoe.iljtniitoaavif John, hadDthinteA' Csflairiiffe aadislKtjy sUmt> to tsrier to that, bath 'Johri and Henry mnct>'die I Wore me.isnd tafaittied, my stiuudoaandopportniihy are'ttdt likely to TtofimeJ > Heaven forbid tfciy ' k nliMr jjngulart by th#'"W»y;''mkt' ncttber ttf at threo'-boye hae '«ver kofbitUy thoqght of itnaixiage.' itAn b mrt*-', tv9,Mdl«eMing«et fa Us *ti4* rfo^WabWfl p#a.trallihaawhtt iuntiy'ijli^ intthnuit' tpfUnyjnnAilongm.'tBkttierMBet'hta'heiHt' rip il&e;,ia>JUnMefi; and'ke'lMittltiibMia(HMe' mention, .laild boaght thetmi hti«3Mdt (/ii<(8: of ground on which it stand, with the purpose that it should be our homestead for ever. harn) mauyipgi|a4n^«4»hw^rnevor'wki« tp'tUteli' bi lorowittnany «Wa«T aA *ifl» Qenry is the UdyVqaki rt'tto famflyVjie was always cherishing a romantic passion for somebody, and had » «oota of^oofdutoea of beow^j^.Bawdiotr w'hrfrts fca^-wwtt »brq«J- Jnnat Jul mny hafre Jotie einoe,-!1 s is as flclde ai heisiin-" ipreadpnaUe ;,jsna^I<4oabt.nihg£bar he"wSl eie^ls{iub^n«^|jbpitlie(iaiakol ealliuaay' %ttn«ii Me jrifa. .WhataWflaliinilstmriiannft it would Jta Jf'tffl wn*.«U tanfaiinohildlen, . _ to £b to aome 01 .tivea ! Theso is r rinstanue^-Atf mofhsv'a bw^te?. tljjo. last,! w .Ualw'Um mis twefUy years uo,;wben he mkcliedsiid was 'toina » India. He msy hate a^ dnawi1 5hil4reBJiy, lakha^ af pnrfpoi}«;i J^.wonldba toobad.' '. |N(jytt^tI)iavo gptminootnarlStitend to' cyparimants in snaka-ohsming. I to enocoed, for. Israa always foid of; snakes, and they never seemed inclined to i'., iHope tp disoovor howiho effects are j*pdjioed, ^ii4 to get Bt Bomething like a ?oionUno formula for it. Then must be a further use for serpents than but boeh yet re-'' Sealed. ,'S^nootheiiuloofAdamthcyaroro* putod to IjavB done mtwh barm to the human *aoo;butjboliove that thoymay be rendered 4s IraneSoept as thoy have uttierto bean hoe-' tile. . Probably tho aoolmts understood them better far in advanoo of us in &at; respoct. But State .miff bp sometbing that no-one has yet detooted;.Hpd Imftjrfae.dMUned to hit Bpon it. At all events, it will be something to do apd to tjiinkaboutt and that isnwhat I etn in wwot of .at present, i J «hall get my Indian toumplan(ls^tto!Wt>rkito- motrow. . I despise myself and toy way1 irf lifo'! I am noAkiag? - T ' think . of rnouing: I do nsthing l A nnan trtio has newr Toyed;' a student who hiiaimsde'no dlsoororTV'a'.jiliy sbslan 'who hag!>Oetcr'earned ms llvmgl People say that I preserlbe for Sophio Stubbs And llrs. Hodge, and ciiaTge them no fees, out of benovolenoo; and. tktt I refuse'wealthy .patients from pride, and that I may devote my time to sdontiflb iietieardb. But the truth ill, I hAve no sense of hui^ati, hrotherhood: I oannot breathe aid h^pe and work .wifh my fello*->hpli 11 aim grtdual^y getting £e ^mmbdd out of etlmdnoe i' every 'yoax. eveiy month; finds mv sodpe of ae^on and interest narrower.' Tot I now that there is puns ,ttp pf)*erto Wfe^o&t.;, Oh, for s^me torohto. kindlo toc lnto a bliie ! apd X oare. npt whether the torch be lltlited^ at tie,higher or tlw netiier flrel Tilt h54 noad the newspaper lomy'tooth8'^ wheh 1 might ^tnlnUter laws toa nation- " sezpeniB, wood X lmy 11 l buivo ana ^eauue we sooret of earthly Imniortality. Xamapygmy, when I eotald W a Tltan'i" Is this imiano .vanity P I think not.'' ft is bot that I-thpt my private unaided" self is gicat, but that I cannot rid myself Kif tilH oonviotton thatl^ras born to' bo the Snfltruiripbt' ttil*6uirh , wnioli some gtoat rbsult ihaB bo aiioomdishod. I cannot escape a premonition that I am destined to render the name of Mainwaring forever famous. But such premonitions and oonviotiorna, though I oherivi, I do not believe Oubm. Thoy'aro what is inmost in Inie, yet J laugh thom to sooni. I know that no change wDl odtfie, no' kindling, no enlargement; and, nevertheless, all that preserves me from total spirituAl death is'the seoret assurance that the impossible will ouvur. Woll, if I prove groat in hp other way I shall prove mywlf the greatest of fcola. Bat at lout I will keep my foUy to myself. I may whiaper it to my queen cobra,-my fiiprani,-perhapo, far ahe wiUJWt wvealit; but, unless Itgofarindood, u shall go no bulbar , ! ? i . II: i ii»»iii4ably neglqofced.Saprani 'the last ten-days; butslio'seems to flotirigh; Apt » faagaJJlMttt cbstkire, blaek'Wrjet, Heiifly fcbk.'Witiia ww of goldett Bptita ilbtm «de,-patinee df'bi^ht gold IoaUthem. rntii beguntfng to teoognue me. I think, and wfinm I approaoh her with a saucer of milk, she sometimes rears up her nsadanaernnria that ourtoos taeinbrtuie it therid^ oftb.n^ok, IthaatwbblaekViireles marked on it. She seems to expand the membrane under a pleasurable influence as well as undetamang^onfc ^Jjaat'i^gtit^befoMVbUIr , toW, Ithed .tiie'efcot irf.th« towttrll'fa ,nar. It makes a very soft and soothing sound,' Jtmm -ao than (ht I'rdinajy dtfte. OApouil' Boaftiedtanolioo it at lonoe, tJiomife tppglsy fropt at the earn intervened: She .MWpntfBOtt be»i*thbarblanketo,imd roared [WWPW4 ®wws4 a little frodtaido to tide. riT^^W^^tJahallMabVs toMrfom aU the,fe«tikof theHindoo jehaoners, with a What 8Mb* will J.'. ,:l t 1 ,, (! : . : ftlltnflMttan^ wttk ty tU wny, einoe pinfire arrived here. So little ooonis in our monotonous round of life that this event de *° ** reoordedj; f am, perhaps, the ~T inhospitable member of our hpusehoU: l2i2"B 1*&"? Mb# tea Bam ago whether it were possible for us to receive a sfcaagw into the ftmfly,-^md, pf aU'ataui* P25, ® 35TR ^y.-^-tniould have anawerei 'No!' with promptness and decision. MflthOitodsW, ,fe a womati of the world, T TWfwnidly vsned ip (01 aoplal efinuette aad behavion}-; bat 'aodety'honrftaUtyaad tlio perennial godliness that makes a tumt /ocl Wholly and ViiHiiiimilljr atntonjs'Suite' 'another tbinjr. Npw. aartherjMa ntapy -rfrKiai i she b hrit too»»»lo,jUgatt«d, ooorteow, degaut, Mgh tempered, headstrong, and keen- witted; nay, «*»{ but Iraooyi-h^iniit partial'Bdmiren (foremost among whom is her youngest son) would hardly characterize her as a warmhearted woman. The perfection of her manners, instead of putting people at their ease, ' fl'Wiua rfwttaini lfc> *Maf ^dowdy. IM» la no myoiotfcer^ j. it ifc simply a natter social liphifasojftfehp would term it; Thero jsaomatifing about her teat parents Marfrom uniting Vith-othtdi.- 'BhelCZde thi» i samecritidfani on He, ud'.^osdUy Wltli jurtto; Uaugttl.ftfaft ttat in^Toai iti. *»»fag|r«eyrf&a; ana ianato: Wdl, Ada laoeuktrfmbie has enobanterea the exception that proves her rule: she has ?Mt»ipanwh wha'Su aUUtediiAptirdblitV. And a very genuine, downright kind of cordiality it turns out to be: none the worse for fMfcg lain io . Im» _>nb <* of UiatWnfeiewaattieeadunfreMwho^fmld have the key to that door: there is, for all any one can see, absolutely no community of feeling or experience between mother and her. John, being at any rate a man, is a less remarkable case; but even he outstrips anticipation. John has always seemed to me the ideal of an English country squire; he would be jut tho man'to i ikaaMr of fox-Twunds -a mta abte nid WflWtf to brow-beat evunio^, jtb 4omilibOT &a;' be. dholario, and yet to command the hearty good- iroll^of '.allj' o^w to .thdr. recognition of ^ ' tmaltraable >jierty; and ohild Uke^kbdneai of beart Jobn did not team n»Mh at Mhool, and ^io cauio to an uhKmelv ®d b'odl^e > btat Whore I suidc one friond hp made twMity; anidhig ttTiett friend was t&e; ohe to whom/at the outaot of ttioir ao quaiiitaBoo, he administered the mostterrlble thnahlng. John lovee aatliiB and drinking aa much as, any many but he would etak-vo hjmaelf, for a week raUter than dook hia man of a pfcokof oato or his dog of a biaouit. John haa abgnrd, uademocratio theories, and ftndee htmaelf die superior of evorytme ho meefa, beeauae he ia tin heir of the Main' wannga; but there ia one person before -whom ho humbles himadf/aiid that ia the EngUah nm in his <'stablesi John would fabe a n foot-pada with a heaH of traat. Hnd would probably get the beat' of them; but In the presence of a petticoat (an embroidered one, ut leant) hia Kg Toioe aibks to a qoaver «nd a rumble and hia haughty glance quails .ad fall^. In vicw ot thl» .lattor fact, it would wt Jhave ,been (nipriaipg.if 6infira /who dPeanotwearanembniidendon^ hadputbim V her ^iafinnfiren. nnn J«faj in ° "" sT^»d Wm .with Anew- spirit, in ftfuoA iic u rapidlv emoKrimr nan -i.ta avilizatiX^tarteia of talk A hoeuer, and roaring out an oa v--- _j_hxunonr i* oroased, he attempts ff* <*myersa^, {Qod.hless himJ) and >»prtw«a jprny.; instead lof ? drinking bim Bolf orupaon,after dinner, he limits hinsdf'to nx glasses, and every, ansa, toast; in»h»«d of,starUnjf off hetbnes4n 0» moniagoa a lotujy Ijqnliing. or horaebaok -expedition, he a^watos /Hixlmisiy abqnt the verandah, in a oomioal anxiety to.securo, iu not too bare npot a maimer, the monopoly of ' Cousin Htoftre'a oompaninnship. XMs would be Ufa lanurksble were John ordinarily ana. eeptitile; biit Ioanvouohforitthatoveiygood looking girl within aradiua of fifty nulos has bera tned upon him, with the result only of .putting him to flight. Oousln Sinflre, there fore, must wield some fpoll uuknown to the oommon nm of young . ' Indeed I . UU lH)nBOlf liofc ihimidjjg ^ , I iPSpjMa* quality in her, which I OAQ ooaocivo , ftttnwtive to many or to molt people. She ia pretty; bat it Is not that. flnfi IB intelligent; but it ii not that. And flhp haa graoefol vivacity, and high »*wi 5piritB| but neither ia it these. No; I dpubt if I can specify precisely what it is. Yrt I should be uhle to joalyse her, if any body can J Because towards her as towards the rest of jnaakind I oocupy tho position of #y outrider and dispa«aona^ obt»erver merely. Moreover I have a motive for making the analysis,-timt, iu my. rile of general care taker UI the family, X must determine whether or not Hlie bo. a fit $nd' proper person to become Mrs, Mainw˚ and thus to relegate mother to tho position of dowager. For there is no doubt that John will marry her if he can: and, after making all due allow ance for the waywardness of a maiden's fancy, it>v6uld not do to buildr too confidently on the probability of her rejecting a generoua hearted, fine- linking, infatuated - young fel low with sixty thousand ft year to ma fortune. At all events, I shall make it my business to improve my aonnnlntanon with her; and the fact that she evidently regard* me, aa. an inoffensive and rather agreeable person renders the execution of my design all the easier. , She come upon us as abruptly andunex-. paotedly as an asteroid out of infinite spate. Wje t>ad ftnishflj dinner mors than an hoar boforo, and ipnther and I .were sitting oathe verandah, enjoying the /evening'breeaeund fighojig off . nn ooeasippal mosquito. John, I presume, waehobpobbijwwithTom the groom in. the birnasfi-jroom. There wu the sound of oarriage wheels oomingup'the drive; 'and1 oijc of the dogs barked. .There was AO moon, and it was too d^rk fa see the carnage until it was almpst at band.... Xhep it turned out to De a hack foom tho village railway-ftation. 'It must be some person in answer to my advertisement .for. a maid,' exolaimod my tnothqii in f|n undertone. ' What an extra ordlnsfy proceeding! TTou must tell the people at the lirmy>BtpMe, Pnnk, never to allow people, ,to ooxos - upon ns in ?way.'. . . . ' ; u., ; I s&ld.; t AspaienUv Uio «"-«» Tfifttiw to taVeteei^^a®fa^iiwbetr 1 That lii sufficient/ mother replied. ' I ahall not take her.' Iffeantfme, ()ia liyltmii :desoflnded from the box and opuiodths carriage, door. A rathqr t^U fernuJe JBgiuje got out. ^t a sign from mothferj I wint dpwn (he steps of the verandah and mother. liav that was voting and well pressed. Slip did not look uko a 'person.' ' Are {you ifr. Main waring f (he asked, in a deep but agreeable voloe. ' I am Frank Mahrwadng,' I said. ' Did you wish to see my mother? ' I have brougnt her /a letter from her brother,' replied she; and ahe me a sealed envelope. ' Do you mean from Edward Forroatal f* ' Yes.* .Will you oomo up and sit downf I pre ceded her up the steps, and gave the letter to mother, ipjho must nave overheard what had ; P«BW3| >pd had risen to her feet. - * From Edward P What osn itbe P' she murmtutod. ? Indeed, wehadpotheardfrommy unctefor twenty years. .' Coma in and eit down,' ahe aaid W the visitor, la a somewhat agitated tomv ' I will read wh&t; yoa have brought, 'I will stay hure until you have road It,' returned .the, other; «ud she turned away; tefijsing the ohairl had proffered her, 'and '? leaned against the Pillar of the vrmndah.1 As.uhe stood (here, the hantanan approached .naasked whether he should take down her trunk, '.Not yet,' die aaid. Meantime, ' taothpr had goma.into the front drawing- < room, where there was* light,'to read tho i tetter. I said, at a venture, ' If we hod 1 known you woro ooming,' wo would have made prepositions But she interrupted ^io. ' I took my chaiiGOH,1 she odd. ' Xt in only twolvo days sinoe I left England. X.brought the letter myself, boc&use; didn't wish to trust it to 'the mails, anid it.is.all 1 havo to show for myself.' , At this,point,, mother reappeared in the door-way. 'My dear,' sho said, in an un oertain voice, 'come here, where I see you. Amyous-are you ' i ' I am Binfire,' said the .either, advaneiug 'with a pertain stateUness, and my mother)* head in hen.' My mother was strangely moved. She gave an inarticulate cry, drew tho girl into her arms, and kissed her. It seems that her brothor-tnv unelo Edward-was dead. He had died in London,. leaving very little property, and a daughter, his only surviving ohud. His wife had died years before. .There was no one in England on whom ho hod any claim (ho had lived upwards (if fifteen y«a» in India), and he was troubled in mind as to his daughter's future. Then hu thought of his sister who had mar riod and gone, to Amoritia, and he resolved that his daughter should go to her. America would bo a bettor piaoe for her than Europe, especially as there was so,little money at her disposal. Ho wrote, on his death-bed, tho letter whiuh sho had brought us, iu ^nrhioh ho had rocomm ended hor to her.sister's caro. ' Sho iB ablo to talco hor own part, in the iworld,' tho letter said: ' aho wishes no more than I to bo a burden 09 you. But you will kndw what things a giri like her^may and may hot do, in the great Republicana I am assured that my sinter will advise my daughter Wisely and for hor bast good.' Snah was the sum and substance of tho mas sage the girl had brought. ' lam Binfire !' I repeated tho words to myself aa I followed her and my mother to the drawing-room. Did over a young English gentlewoqian, batore .this, have, such a name inflloted on her r Christian name it surely oonld not ba termed; nor could I call to mind any such in the annals of paganism. Possibly it miglit be Hindoo; but wo had no reason to suppose that my . unolo hnd embraced the faith of Brahma. It was docidedly an ominous name so far as sound went! and tho young lady horself, though beautiful and in viting to ilook upon, wu# evidently one of those baings who an not to be fathomed at a glance, whoso secret depths may contain something not indicated by the gracious out ward contours. But for the presont, sho was rather gravo, rather taoiturn, and full of a gentlo dignity. I could perceive that mother was making an ranergetio effort to ' plaoe' her : by wmoh I do not moan that abe was. trying to' puthpr in her place,' by any means ; but Bhe was endeavouring to de teralne .the social and personal sphere in vfluoh she probably belonged. Was sho in a word, loss than Mr». Munwaring, or greater, or an equal P One would be pretty safe in aspuming that ahe was not less. Further than that it would bo rash to propbooy. Sho had force, intelleett character, and singular individuality. While we throe woro still in tho midst of our first conversation, and tho servants were carrying Miss Forresters truok up to her rooms, who should stride in but the lord of the manor, John STainirarW, Enquire, freeh from the harness-room and thu groom's pipe, humming' an air in his resdnavt baritone, and whistling, bctwean the catohee, to his gcey Willie, hfi inseparable oompanion by night and flay! Hp did not see our visitor until ho was within five feet of her : then ho looked wjth fc start, and her tranquil eyas met his. III. I wish I were a short-hand writer, I would have taken down the soene word for word as ! it happjjnad. John, in spite of his look of Polish, his lusty voice, his care loss attire, and I his fondneso for the society of WwgliA Tom, is a gentleman to tie marrow of nis sturdy bones. This fabt frequently'produces eom pUoabonnond tshbartaasmentsfrom irtiidi he would otherwise befree. The went an instant transformation. Tie blood rushed to his eheeks and fcteHead. He straightened his brood shoulders, and drew JJmssB up as rigid as a'soldier on pattae. Ho dia not attempt to speak; rittdidfeettfrn his gaze from her. I don't know what wotia haw boon, the ted of it, hod they beenaldie ; as it was, I had to say, after a moment,' 'John, this is our cousin, JfiasFoiTeetal.' . lie drew along breath and held out his broad hand, into which she put hers, ' I «n glad ih&t-you; are our cousin,' he; it tffcfcb I laughed, Hiss ftnnstal smiled slightly, but with a very bright look in her eye#, ana John ut down on t ohair with a, nkndon bqohknee. in, aald mtfther, ahd s^e went onto tell tne Bwty, John maintained the same expres ®®L wifl attitude throughout, and aeemed unablb to turn his faoe away froni tibp new oomer,whoso eyos rested sometimes on the speaker, sootbtunoB on me, a?»d oooadtanaljy on Johh, she preserving meanwhile an ap peaitaoo of giflot composure, and now, and then supplementing mother's narrativebya remark of heir own. When this wa« over, : h*i , wijlenjny jjourself tKn I do; MtTfll diTmv'l^^S' w^t too. I wish my other brother were here: I'm sure you'd get along with him.' 'You have anothor brotherI" yVH Wi Fnrrestal, ; ' Hieniy,-my sioend son,' put in mother. 'Yes, I think you would And him entertain jing. 1 miss him sadly. He haabeen travel ling abroad marly four yean: we hear from mm only onoe In two or three months. He has been in India, too. He might easily bare soon your father there, if he had known? While my mother was saying this, I notion! that, for tltt fin* time, Mis* FmtcstsJ's oolourriowly deepened. I cannot imagine why., Perhaps the blush belonged to as earltor period of the evening and she had merely postponed it till now. That is some times the way with persons whose thought* and emotions ooma from far below Hie surface. 'Henry Mainwaring!' she said, as if to hereelf. Then, to mother,'Bo you expect him back soon Y* Mother shook her head mournfully. I said, * Perhaps In seven days, perhaps in seven years; there a no telling,' .HI only knew where ho was, I'd write him to_ ooino .at once,' said John, in 1 afc emphatic tono. At this point the servant oaroe in to an* nouuee wippcr,-a meal which is ordinarily little more than a ooromouy with ua, bat .which to-night was more substantial, on ao* count of onr cousin, who.had probably had no ohmor. 4 If you wouldlike tp make any changes in your dtess, my dear/ said mother, as we roae, you can take all the time von want. . ^ bettor brash my hair/ she answered. And so the two ladies went out, leaving. John and me together. Ho thrust his hands in his pookets, turned on his heel, and walked to the window, where ho stood looking out, though he could see nothing. . . ' Do you think that aho's pretty ?' I in* 1 quired, at length. . ' I don'tkhow. Tvo noon nobody likuhor,' ho rcpliod'after a pause. Thon he came away from tJic window, and eat down and patted, I thooollic, till tho ladies reappeared, So far, I aslremojnbor, nothing of importanooooouired I during that evening I am of John's yr&y; of tMnttitff: I aeon nobody like her. But I have no doubt about her good looks. She is a beautiful girl. Bho has beauty of expression and movement! as well us form, feature, aod ooloor. But it is an unusual type. Bho ib as dark as a Spaniard, with abundanoo of black hair, not. a shiny, but sof^ and lustroless, 1^* blaok < smoke oondeu^d. Her skin is a pale trans parent brown, looking like antique ivory at pigbt, and almost,golden. when the sun falls pa it. Her eyebrow∧ eyelashes are black, but her eyes are blue,-a warm blue, like spring' violets. The blood shows through her oheeta more than with Spanish women. Hernoseiifrathersmall, delicately-moulded, aquiline. Mother has a handsome nose, but it seems coons© in comparison with' this. It S'vosan exquisitely aristocmtio effebttoher do ; and yet it is not sudha noso as membeni of the English aristoodaey ate apt to have. It seems to indicate refinement of sonl and noble spirit, rather than more high breeding and blue blood. Her oouutenanoe has the chwm of originality,-as if she were the first .of her kind, rather than the last of somebody else's. I never aaw my unolc Edward, but he must havo been an extraordinary English man if his daughter resembles him. She must take after her mothor, if any one; and yet, according to mothor, Uncle Edward's wife was an invalid, and rather plain. No doubt thero is a great deal of exaggeration and humbug in tho theory of heredity. As 1 liavo already intimated, John would unquestionably, marry Sinfire if she would have him. But neither he nor I nor mother can toll for certain whether she will have him. All the circumstances rendor it probable; but you can no more look into thm girl's heart than you oan look into a poll ah ed steel breast plate. Yet thero must be some method of reading her, and X shall disoover it in time. She is probably rom&ntao;, I came into mother's boudoir tho othor morning; mothor was not there, but Sinfiro WMstanding in front of Henry h portrait, which hangs on the wall, rapt in oontomplation of it. Henry is a veir good-looting fellow. The portrait scarcely does him juatioo, and I said as much, when she became aware of my presenoe. 'There are some ^people;' replied Sinflre) 1 whoee portraits I prefer to themselves.' < It would be a very good portrait to makp that true of Henry,' said I. ' Oh, I mean a portrait can do no harm,' she rejoined. " ' Has any one ever donij yon any harm f % oould not help asking. ' " But she only looked at me tranquilly and said: ' I was not Himlrfng. of myself. A good portrattmightoorreotamlstake one had made about the original of it. The artist would see without prejndioe, and BO Us interpreta tion would be deeper and truer.' I replied thatthare might be two tides to that question. Prejudice might see more keenly, ifnottaore broadly than impartiality; and IOTA, -which is the height of prejadtoe; it not blind, aa the vulgar proverb assert* : it ' lends a preaioua seeing to ths eye.' ' 'Ialwaya snpposod,, sh«answered,'that the weak point of 1pm was, it has no judg ment, Jtseesjfaults, tat it Uterprststhem asa Jrind ofirutneiendlt counts -as lmlly dsYelopeji qualities, thrtwnst only in the ggr» and do not affeot the character.' Now, though all this waSput hypotheti cslly.it bore internal evidence of mature con sideration. ? ilf cousin had disoassei the master -with bnrss1f> ^fare dlemwjngltvritfa me, But whether jhe «poko torn experience or feoipi Sn)^riaH^,,wweaa tellf It hardly seems likely thftt so.handsome a young woman, should b»TOhithwt le^ge of the. great,paaplpq i but, on hiyid, stomar bp.jounger than aha 'looks ; and then W li|e inlndif (I iieUvve whs Wat bom there) may Aave, isolated her from soijloty. .The fact is we know nptiiing more than the bare outline of the girl's preriotA .life. It is not thaj. she frrpr. hesitate* to answerqtiesUpns; bntehe turqr ,voluflteeii informationand lathero qo-rme but mother to interrogate her, and as mother is a poor hand at cross-examination,that amounts to' nearly the same thing. The only question John will ever put toharia, Will yon many moP While, so jEarasIpmouucamsd, I-eoni not approach her aavebyindirection., Audit is l>y no means eosv to surprise her into say ing anything she aoes not lntaod to say. For the last week, John has been having his grey horse, Sibyl, trained to Uie ^de-' saddle, so that our oousin might go riding. Sibyl is a superb primal, with most agnee able (totion, but there is something tronVws: in her still. Yesterday:, morning,.. before brojdiftisi, Toqi iujl jpiti gi^hsdJfee.sidl) Eerhalterto the^steble entranoe.^^UtlMt moment l happened to ,be standing atmy bed room window, whioh is aboffi my studyand laboratory, in the right wing. ,Iaaw Sinflre appear, and cross $he courtyard: she had on a euorlet riding-l^abit, triuned with blaak. It was the first tima.e^e had <*f|Kn^tWoQld>e had been here, and it had a very stril^ng effeot. She seemed to hpve wtdo op her mind that Sibyl was talned epQugh.tor hqr to rifle. Tom came out of tihe stable., , awl, stood in astonishment ft tho yopng lady's pppearanoe. Ho is her derated slave Qjks ererybodyelae], because, as ho explains it, she is freshj fcom his native land. Alter a short parley, whioh of course I cotddnot hear, lie gave fler a hand, and ehe hpraiig into the saddle. There no bridle oh tho horsq: Tom was in the habit of riding her with the halter only. Shejhad stood pretty quietly thlis far: but just as Tom had loosened the end of tbo halter from the ling in the door-post, and was in the act of handing it to Binfiro, the collie came racing up and omitted an explosion of barks right under Sibyl's nose. She threw up her heed, jeridng the halter from Tom's hand, danced about for a moment, and set off at afqflrnn in tho direction of the drive. This brought'ttem diraotly nnderneath my window. Binflre was, of course, powerless to glilde the hone, Jrat she kept her seat well, and, to judge from tbo expression of her faoe as she flushed post, she seemed exhilarated rather than frightened., Nevertheless, she was in imminent ganger. If Sibyl kept on her present course for two hundred yarns, it would bring her to the cliff, and that was nearly certain death. Tom was in pursuit, but he would never overtake them. H looked like good-bye for over to our English oousln. Bat just then I saw John running on aline which would intercept their course at a point about fifty yards from the cliff's brink. Where he came from I know not; but he was running as I never before saw a man inn. He had a good start; but I could hardly think it possible that lie would be in tiihe. At the moment when I thought the hone had passed him, however, I sawunk give a Spring; he wis dragged off his feet in an instant, and I knew he had nought the halter. I waited to see i»o more, but jtbt down stain as fsst as I oould. snd set off for the seat of war. The situation, when I got there, was some what different from what I had expected. Ton bad hold of Sibyl's halter, and was soothing and soolding her by turns, and at the same time exonerating himself to Sinflre, who had dismounted and was soatod on. the grass with John's head supported on her knee. At first I thought ho was dead; it was a ter rible thought. But when she saw mo she said immediately, ' He has only fainted.' I sont Tom on Sibyl after restoratives, and held John against my shoulder. Sinflre had already loosened his collar.' He wtis unoon uoious, and his face had a strahge look that I did not like ; I could not find that he had been struck anywhere, and, according to Sin fire, ho hod assured her that ho was not tonohod. 1 But, just as he was saying it,' she added, ' ho dropped down as if ho were shot, and has boen this way ever sinoe.' I put my finger on his pulse. That told the whole story. I wonder I had never suspected it before, especially as heart disease is my speeislty in pathology. At any rate, there is no doubt that John has it; ana he must hare had it for somo time. He is suoh a robust «n»n that one wonld'nover suspeot him. He may live for many years ; it might even be 'possible to cure him; but when he does die, tho ohanoes are that he will die of a stroke of tho heart. Naturally. I said nothing of my discovery to Sinflre; it is a serious matter, and may mean a great deal. I remember that when John was a boy he onoe oliabed to the roof of thr tinrr nnii tried tn ntanA ftp'Mslinafl nri thn ridge pole; some fool or om&rliad; todolt. Ho lost hishalanto, roflrfdoiyn j" tool, and fell,-ttot tai the groi^luck£, but on a heap of straw that waa afcoflt itp l naedu beddingfor the lutm. J&t;'r - With a few InstgriHWit Hndaea; t dotftot who attended himsa!dhelij|4J hi* heart. ProbaNy it has firtg since ;s and the active axsArise he"4>aamaim the habit of-taking eahha+i dobpltWaopik However, MhaillsdW^H^'ManjM; afi we can hope for la tognatd imbut intmMef in the future. I wish jSft wcMbssliqed. He began to oome £>b«Iore haog, aii&j;&m; I made Ua rip *' dotffeWSoSSTj* brandy, wMi f ili«liiWii«l one attar as other. The ripping, more ,than ti»1 stimalatadhis c ' *ifc< tt* : nuuthavefcUkedMrn: _, thathisbsadw*s folli1 out ham .ufteredastrta datfegthfetmiakite W>3X In deadlr(Mril«afltet W*l4t. If therohad been any doubt . forher.brfoni, the* bita'be i as for her, if she is a woman, and not a witch (wleGmetiama'iMgoyU'rotiatt . tiaodaome jrcniw mfllkioaM'WbtM I .he is, am who has aasred-hw'H! beyond per»dY»titu»i Hh» fNRdd "bu.. in JtjDgdotPiMJtftcfettt'fQr JflUlT* ' Much obliged, old fellow; donHiiSids help,' arid Jibe ioir W 'OsdlMlltfe'. .brother f.aadltoatt: 'ItBJMdt .paditqaneipi h/ij . *7 ( ,< ..../.. i ButwhatarangeandeoopilabeluaTTOrts waa an Oriental OTftlto, in .fcweiat moment, which struck me for the first time. I amid imagwwtJhe jwung Ooopstae *6&t;,'i»Ve?!$yr* tegrni npvir Ipokty iijA a.oold,sabdat>d phase*. Iwonder wtotW!sueisa»fciiiOiia. .I wrindot Whetherpbe hates anybody4And, if aa,VhomP aadi^yfV, It it time togivqSiprani a tartrfioI'Mlk.1 £&pp;^ is anirther superb tneetu»,:taoretntft!i worthy tbanmy .oowm- Sfaritot .-tnet'-'toal Siprams very insigalflamt afthe .Mainwaring 'farsllj\ Rea^i ^ii4 gratftoda anite,'thstefc»e,is prompting p»to bestow npcnfarlny buBdhig affecUatui, and ainoe I am sum hot to (Minted ferod with byrivaU, theoourse ofnnr traa low has every prospect of running smooths I will serenadeboroathetpumrilt^-iiight. . . ' m . '? . The past weekhasbeen oheofpotuudand uncertainty. I am always involved at each times, but us e. sovret ocly,tiever as a tfcaper. Everybody .seems to think that 'it is just at much my doty to ptesaribefor pentodngi4r-' oumetauoee ae^for plqnioal a6order». Tt is tine, Unydo faot tniu it neoeeakry to aoo^pt my presoriptiona, "oiileaa with Mtne euoh fbimuls aa '. Well, thatia arrived at myaoJf.' Sat they w lieve their ears if I Wen to turn the talflee upon them, anddonsoltthema> toiriiktlliad better do V Mother bore down upon the the other :'4ay. in her llne-of-batUe-Uilp minner. She iii, Indeed, enimpreMiteMidreloubtableoUitady. My earlieet reooUeotions ol her aa & tall, elender person, dreued generally in white, and, with a tool, polished, nSher aaioaatu) maioer. She was not oool when ahe got angry, how ever. How her cheeks wonld redden and her eyec flash, end what sharp things would issue from her sharp-out Jjnsl Those ouUiuiila used to frighten me thorooghly, and yet I oftendelibemtelyproToked'th«tk,Moausetlny oobTioeed ine that my mrrthw was . human' being alter all. How imperious and ittpeta ous she was! John isherown son. Bat she was less generous in imparting bains to h»r first-born; he never hadhalf bar metiM re- ' eonrooe. Sheusfld to' Nad many abtrtw and improving baola in >the ald dayt; and 'ahe oonld taXkpolitios, w Dhiloaophy, or rdlgina with any body,-r^qougn I donM whether ahe was ever more religious than the proprietiea of her position requited. Of late nam she baa eschewed the higher walks ol literature, and has abandoned herself to norels; and evon ia heroholoeof these she has gradually subaidad from the classiolueubrations of .^Taltsr Soott to such humble wayside flowers af are to be culled from the Beside Llbrariea, vaiiad oc oosianally with an odd volume from the ftri sion publications of Calmann, L6vy, and Oie* For my part, so far fnqn blaming h^r, I ap plaud her good setme. , An amuflng nc.yel is like the best kind 6f gossip; goMp is Jnoprr to those whose days of youth and activity are over: and, as we hee soanely any oompany, no other gossip than that of novels is aooeesi ble to the dowager Lady Hainwaiing. Well, then; whan mother approached me in the manner which I have deacribed, I knew at onoe that we were about to discuss domestic matters; nor was I much at a loss to divine what the particular matter wonld probably be. John and flinfin had gOM out' for a ride; we wen about to' oobvterse eon oemingSinfireandJohn. Mother seated htr self in the large Japanese arm- ohali1,-the one made of split cane or bamboo. Shejust fills it oomfintably. She is very m»ch broader than she used to be, and ner onoe dclioate oomplnxirm has acquired a substantial and permanent ruddiness. It sometimes seems, as if mother had not so muoh enlarged, aa I actually beoome possessed of a different body | from that in which she spent her youth. If n",bect"?in«- to speculate about tne skeleton of one's parent, 1 should be wo.orkhod ^ iViStSh": fryteafsaatgr** Bombrandt, or perhaps Rubena, would have m»do a fplondid portrait of her. Her eye *ot',i^ in her forehead: a?f?n,ru?0<LateIJ' »*>"» «><J Wow the ffA?T .fuU- 'lowing » fluent command of worda , hor none u a moderate but unmiatake> able aquiline; her upper Up la thliuur than . ** """"Med on 4 -ftesolute , ?f8T^haieijkerwad wifitauLck Sllrith w riL"hd#»Ud>'»Udown ""^ifoheek.. H«r tummor ooi tame it ordinarily of some aubatanoe which I jSbet^Lb b4Ck 8wn*dinOi with laoe I mtwUuhmenta, and aorae glimnann of white ruohing. at the penniteha^KSl^Mt^ .nLeiaheroten the loaafceoauae it led to no dflBnite result ScSFg^afaaiS nSIdwaanat"**h® assHr^sssSt'-js; JUng Ma,that, urged Uindluoepton^ !S^5iH«-^SSa.S .^KSSS 5." "Bir* -. » fiSS&gsfcw;&ss; "*»(" °t feudal &inte.;£iBa *n*WF ?<***?». rsHTi^P^ $j^of»bivialattaofa&nt;,' , Oouin Sinfinij \- .Jake him aviooi " >t it wiB eons ontL ""? of Sri &&^2&?JXSl"rJi£ as jjai^asfflLa £TaIjJ£2^^^ -iMa! ta« «*>W£. . a^Uf«w«e iStwTS^Jf'SP 1,Ji> tliifi^Witliriii.uim i , a ^.®^^Wo||jf ^j»H| n£2r«!f^Jn8r Ijgw fl» room, <U-J to«ea H d»wn E^s»tt£aiS: g^jafg^&g; .»M*art war. whffiS >£? ?8 MdUli' I &LvT;^/!~r,*?ab'' But if I were you "B* «*. 'I'd to know J*«e to thla world you nl* h«t+~. ,Uwi ahe ia P' if« what the J^'tjookBowr don't -t any woaldn't ; don'tVouaAher?" lean'taak .mlty .**? ihept^WBl* me.' \- wfo«o»«n,' wcoUinted I . mam-tottJHttyoa'MMiottir £jt tWiurmoreftan a flirtation. Ym won "TjEJT'Sf1 ""FT b», Wotfld Won r r^tsstsis.afjsf £5ffl2*sS5TS;U'?,-®li Nombm.!' aaidLm.k.U .Tou ' InuinMa hare you to know «* aav Jjat ,IT<*rt lo*.f Ton think I do&'t SeJL Wuao l don't ehutter I' Jolm'a haad^S ,*** ^S?. «"il W* blue eyea y^^an^indip.ant. Hfainnooowij i^iMSSS-«ft3SS£ ^Oh, JW| d>e knowa !* repUadhe, with . 'Well, modesty ia a rbttfo: but you needn t oany it ao faraa to imagine that, if gm w®nt her, you can have her for the uk> raodeatr : it's oommon senae ! What wilier© in me «hethonldoai« #or P T{m1 jf!?1!1®' I don't know how to talk* jujilto^hwwwhat^rt of thing, aho'i I fid,' However raooh of a paragon die may be,_«he is like other woman in beisg npnaufyinterwtod in a oerteln subjeotTwd that hafipeni to be one in whloh you are Jaat now eapmally proBdent.' ' What U it f .Why, love, to bo sure ! And love is what you mutt talk-to her. You can do it; sod you oan'tdo-lt to much t Blnrt it tight out: never wind Bio wurds it oomol in ! It will cot to h«r hist the same. Andeooosr or later it will go hard but she will talk lack to you !' 'Z\: . But John shook his head, and sighed. ' I might telle love to her, if I wamrt in Jove with hor,' ho replied, after a moment. ' But as it is, I can't get my mouth open 1I oan qnlyact ai an AM. Ana that isn't all. I fed pt u jthere arere tomo secret between her and fme,-i=eome<hin}j that she ia keening from me, I mean. I haven't the least idea what it oan be; but, what it is, I believe ia the oause why she doesn't want me to pro pose to her.' Naturally, I waa iraprowted by this con firmation of my own notion. But I didn't want to nay anything About that to John. I laughed, and asked him whether he imaginod tl^sjfiuian unknown rival iu the case. He'took it very seriously,-in toot, al together too jauqh ao' for nil health. He ^tnngMTO$jplfh the window-seat tn whioh he was sitting, and the vein down the oentre of his forehead swelled out, and his lips became whitish. 'There shan't be any rival!' he bunt ont. ' I'd kill him !' And he oaught up the Indian club, as if he were going to illustrate his purpose by braining me. But it was not I that waa in danger. Poor John suddenly gasped,and looked very strange, and staggered back to the window-seat. I knew at onoe what ailed Hm ; and this time I suooeeded in preventing him from actually losingoonsoiousne88. The draught I gave Hm-i sent the blood through his veins again with a jump, and the dull stare left his eyes. It was notsuoh a bad attaok as the first one. After a minute or two, he sat upright, and looked at m« curiously. 'What does it mean, Frank P' he asked. . What is the matter with me F' ' Something wrong with the circulation, that's all. Xou smoke too muoh, probably. Ton must take care of yourself.' ' I felt as if I weregoing todie.' . Bo do sea-rick people ; but they live all the same. How longhae this sort of thing been going oil f Waa that the first, the ot^erd^y r ' Tee; at least-I don't know. Of oourse H's nothing serious : I was boni to live to a hundred. I'm as hard as nails. Bat it is unpleasant while it lasts. Tobaooo, is it P Well, I oan knook off a pipe or two without mnoh trouble. But what did you mean .about rival, Frank t I'm not an tm rsasonsbln fellow, am I F but then isn't room . for . rival in this business, you know. He 1 or I would have to ' 1 My dear fellow, I know nothing about any rival. It was you that suggested the idea of one; and I didn't suppose yoti were any noro ia earnest than I was.' ' I want you to that I'm in earnest right through |* said John, standing op, and lowering hl« brown eyebrows, and ?peaking in his domineering fame. I made no reply, but went en with my dressing. The breakfast-bell rang as 1 ntthedthe last button of my waistcoat. Look hsre, Prank,' jaid John, turning up on me at the door, as we wen going out. 1 Too're my brother at^d I want you to help me.' There'aie two reasons why you oan talk to her better than I oan : you've got ' brain* and a tongue in your head ; and you're not in love with her, Tou oan find out whether she flares fat tne, and whether there's any other fellow tn the oaae, you know. It hn't that I believe then is ; but I want to be certain that there isn't: see f I am not a John Alden, though Lord Oedaidifle may be a ttOes Btsndlsh. But, to make him easy, I said I would seo about it. V. As regards the family romanoe, I have lost a good tnany entertaining details from mere nqgieotinwiMnfftham down at the time. Bat it will be a long time before I forget the after noon myooooin Smfire spent with me In the labceatory, last week. It was partly purpose and partly aoddent. John had asked me to talk with her in his behalf, end I was not averse from fathoming her unlay, if l oould; but I doubt whether anything wtould have been done if I hadn't happened to mention SApranl. The TwJhm name eaught her ear, and she began to ask toe questions. In ten minutes I had haroon sumed with cttrios*^. I had no Intention of admitting her to tho sacred precincts of the laboratory. Indeed, no human being has Crossed that mystio threshold sinoe I estab lished «ay Lares and Penates there; and least of all did I eon template ever entertaining a : woman. However, I reflected that, if I want to get anything out of her, then oould be no place better tainted to that operation than my lab Ucaloty . Hie environment would Wi^ln her imagination, and the disclosures I oould re gale hbr with would put her in a mood to render a return. I knew her general charac ter tolerably well by this time, although the patiedlata of her experience were still as mush an enigma as ever ; and I thought I oould touch the spring that would loosen her reserve. Moreover,! amby nature romantic (though the world may think otherwise), and I oould imagine a vetr interesting .soene taking plaoe in the alohemist^s cave, between the magiolan and the maiden ! At any rate, when I had worked her up to tho .proper pitoh of entreaty and impatience I allowed her to wring from mo a grudging oonsenttoreoeive her In penetralia at a oertain hour. I would have made it midnight,had not my regard for conventional propriety for bidden it. But the conformation of the plaoe enabled me to make it appear quite as im pressive at one hour of the day u at another , I appointed three o'elook in uie afternoon ; and she was to oome at that time, eeoretlyand alone. Punctually to the hour (in the language of the old romances) a knock was heard on the alchemist's door. It was not a Hmin knock; neither was it a defiant one. It indicated that the person who knooked was self-possessed and meant to oome in. The rooms in the right wing of the Cedar olifle mansion, which oonstitute the alohemist's abode, are separated from the rest of the house. Formerly they were aooossible by the oorridor communicating with the main hall; but at a later date the extremity of this oorridor was walled up, and the four rooms thus isolated oould be entered only from out-doors, Pass ing through tho outer portal, the visitor would see before him a flight of stair* leading to the two upper rooms. On his right was a door, giving aooess to a small library. In the par tition wall of this library, between two book cases, was another door, whloh few persona had the privilege of passing. It was of mas sive oak, and turnra on hinges of polished brass. It was fastened within by a heavy look and bolt of steel. The lady who sought admittance was younu; and bad a faoe ana figure of distinguished beauty. She was dressed in a thin summer costume of some dolicate white fabric, and wore a light silken shawl with black and yel low stripes draped over her dark hair and graceful shoulders. It was evident that she came by appointment; for the outer door, and that of the library, had been left ajar, and she had penetrated without hindrance to tho final barrier. A abort pause ensued, during which tho young woman throw one oorner of her silken shaM over her shoulder, and gave a quiok glattoo behind her. Then the ponderous por tal swung inward noiselessly on its hinges, and the visitor stepped fearlessly into the room beyond. The next moment tho bolt was shot, and she and the alchemist were all alone, 'Does any one know whore you arc f the latter inquired. ' Not a soul!' she replied. ' Cousin John hasriddou to town to see the sheriff about that gang of burglars; and aunt has gone to bed frith a headaclio. Tho servants think I hare gone to the cliff to road. No ono will miss mo before tea-time.' 1 You have done well, returned the alchemist approvingly. ' Follow me!' And lie led tlie way towards the farther end of the room. The'light of day was exploded {nan tjhk. . ohamban t»t the IlluTWliMiticm <* ajfew laiMK 3 Buffioed dimly to reveal its proportions. It waa spaoious and lofty : the fttmoHphero waa cooler than the external air, and waa pene trated by a subtle perfume of a de licately aromatio quality. As the visitor's eyes beoame aocustomed to the gloom, die peroelvcd that the walla were of aolid atone, [eft undisguised in their naked simplicity : the ceiling appeared to be vaulted, and at the end opposite the door then waa a fireplace, with a aort of hollow gable built out over It, giving it somewhat the aapect of a cavern. On Che right of the fireplace, aa you faced it, there was a window in a deep embrasure, heavily ourtained. On the opposite side of of the room was a sort of cabinet of dark wood, fastened against tho wall, and glazed in front with two broad sheets of plate glass. The floor at this end was eovered with a soft Indian rug, of a dull reddish hue. Beneath the window stood a large table, oovered with a number of objeots of singular shape, ap parently used by the alchemist in his experi ments. Other paraphernalia were oolleotod within the pent-house of the fireplaoe, upon the hearth of whioh was plaoed a kind of brazier, wherein flickered a pale blue flam*. A low sofa or divan, furnished with silken Cushions waa BO arranged as to front partly towards the glazed oabinet and partly toward* the ftreplooe. Upon this divan the alnhemlft motioned the visitor to take her aeat. ' Tou feel no nervousness t' he said, letting his fingers rest for a moment or two on her wrist. 11 feel at home,' she replied, ' for the first time since I left India.' . I must he Indian, then, for it is my home,' observed the other. 'When I first saw you and heard you apeak, you brought India to my mind,' waa her answer. ' No one but a Hindoo over had such blaok eyes as yours, or so soft a voice. Tou arc aa different from your brother aa Caloutta is from Lincolnshire.' 11 have two brothers,' said he. ?But Henry is not like you, either,' she replied. .A oonneoting link, perhaps. He is haxol eyed, with curly ahesnut hair. I wish you ocrald aee him.' ' I can imagine what he is. I have seen his portrait, He does not explain yon. But the Buddhists believe that the eouls of the dead live again in snoh bodiea as Karma ap points for them. Perhaps you were a Hindoo in your former state.' ' And B&prani; waa the queen of my heart t Well, she would hardly been more beautiful as an Indian prinoess than she is now. A Mr* pent is the only thing fit to be compared to a woman !' 1 Kbit women might not think that a com pliment.' ' But you are not like most women, Sin fire.' ' Introdaoe me to SApranl,' Mid the visitor, leaning forward and "p"|f her slender hands on her knees. The alchemist rose from the divan, and ad vanced towards the glazed cabinet. He wore a long dark tunio, oonfined at (he waist, and railing to his feet: on his head waa a rap somewhat after the fashion of a Turkish fez. Standing in front of the cabinet, he drew from his girdle along slender wand and tapped with it several Hnm on the glass whioh protected the left-hand division of the cabinet The light from the brazier, mingling with the red rays from a ooloured lamp depending by a chain from the oefling, shone faintly Into the interior of the ease, and revealed something moving there win a dow and stealthy motion. Gradually this objeot approaohed the glass and partly reared itself np against it It displayed the head and glisteung black neck of a magnificent oobra, its sides spotted with gold. The alcheinlsl toadied a pulley, and the glass rose upward like a window, leaving the front of the cage open. He then retired three or four paces, keeping his eyes fixed upon the serpent, and orouohea noiselessly down upon the carpet nntil he squatted upon his heels. Meanwhile, the oobra remained motionless in the cage, with its head lifted. Hie alohemistnow drew from the folds of his robe a short instrument of cylindrical shape, pieroed with holes after the "m""""- of a Ante. It was made of ebony, and highly polished, and was deoorated with bits of tea ooral and pendants of sparkling crystal. It was a toumril, brought from India, and used by the nerpent-charmen! in their inoantationa. Raising it to his lips, he drew from it soft and plaintive eounds, pleasing to the ear, get in some essential respects from musiool the West. The sounds gradually grow louder, though never losing their soft, Insinuating quality, nntil the vault of the chamber seemed to resound with eohoes of soothing potency. At the first notes the oobra had changed its position, turning its head towards the player. As the music continued, a dow oontinuous shifting waa observable throughout its glisten ing coils: the forward put of its body was pushed beyond the edge of the cage, and held {raised in the air, the nead and neck still up right. Then the long, tapering form, still steadily unooiling, sank towards the door in sliding undulations, writhing rhythmioally forward, in harmony with the sweet throb bing of the flute. As it rested, with its jet blaok scales and golden spots, upon the dull red carpet, in the dim light,-or seemed to rest, for it was never ami,--it was abeau -the subtile tdeunire-that bears within h the poison of death. Onward glided S&prani; her matrons aides tense with voluptuous longing, while the toumril warbled louder and louder, end the ooral and crystal pendants sparkled red and white, and the player swung his body from side to side in the mystic rap ture of the melody. And now S&prani;'s head rose in the air, and her body ooiled beneath, until half her sinuous grace was lifted above the floor, and waved to and fro like the wav ing of roads in. the breeze that breathes upon the banks of Indian rivers; her bright eyes sparkled, and the dark membranous hood ex panded on either side of her delicate and deadly jaws. Drank,-drunk die was with the keen intoxication of the thrilling musio! Hie notes died away; the toumril left the player'sllps; and S&prani; sank nerveless on the Indian oarpet. Then, with gentle caressing tones, he spoke to her, and drew her towards him with his hands: die yielded herself, obedient and drooping. He lifted her, ana laid her softly about his neok: her chilly ooils touched his oaeek, end her head, drowsy and deadly, hung down upon his forehead. The ohanner turned to his visitor, looked in her eyes, and smiled. During this soene die had neither spoken nor moved: she still leaned forward, with clasped hands and gaze intent. But, aa the spell of the incantation subsided, die drew a deep breath, answered his smile, and murmured, ' Yes, you have conquered death I' * You must often have seen stranger sights in India,' said ho, carefully unwinding the somnolent oobra from his neok. 'Tho masters of the art are there: I am an amateur only, and self-taught.' 'Such power cannot be taught,' replied the girl. ' You were born B&prani;'s master, and she reoognizes you.' ' But I can delegate the dower,' said the othor. ' Bipranl is tho friend of all who are friends to me.' ' Is she my friend f asked the girl, in a low voice. 'That is known to you bettor than to mo,' was his reply. She threw book her silken shawl, and stretching out hor firm round arm, laid her hand unhesitatingly upon SApnni's folds, as ?ho lay in her master's arms. But tho quoon of serpents was not so deep in dumber or apathy u she seemed. At the touch of that slender hand, a strong quiver ran through her, as a woman might shudder at the contact of something sb® feared or hated. Bnt with Sdpftini It m hate to re sent. Swiftly U She ,«y« oould follow the movement, her blaok<wwfc-2osp»_ajid drew IMiJSL"" lamiolisd^^^rd again at *jjjji«®S>rot«itofl bosflKliiPaiS V , "But nwiftcr yet was tho movement or the oh arm er'a hand, whioh caught the nngry oobru just below tho hosd and withheld the fatal stroke. The next moment Snprani waj In her oage, and the scroon of glass had slid Into it» placc. Thou the channor_rota)*ned to hlii visitor. . , She had risen to her feot. Asheoame toward* her, she laughed lightly, but laid her over her heart. ' . ' " 4 Yon were not touchod F' he aalcod quickly. « Nobut in that moment I made a long journey, away and baek again. Death B A remote country,-to bo no near, well, Baprani doea not seem to believo in our friendship, Cousin Frank.' 'I will not ask you to forgive hw. Ineed all your forgivoneaa for myself, for hating exposed you to flush danger.' ^Ytraeaved jnybfe*. WUfeU, periuim, the most formidable of dangers, she replied, smiling again. ' Bnt I thank you none the lew. AM S&prani; is a superb creature ; I bear her no grudge.1 She is jealous of her i ' She has shown that I am not her master. I sh*tl not iced the hint# seotfhj time/ . perhaps *ihe pert*ive» sokne Barn to you Jn our aoqoalntanaf which yoa ana^T are .ml nnoonatious' of.' They-nro, myrterious Itebun^serontaI\ j' £_? *? Nothing but good oan ooroe from yon to me, Sinfire : though you are more mysterious than Saprani.' < I f-mysterious P Oh, Cousin Frank, you are toying to make game of me 1' i You are a mystery, from your name on ward,' he repeated, taking her hands in his and looking m her eyes. ' You areno oousin of mine : your ancestors had been eirilized a thousand yean, when ours were eating mmP* fMi and shooting flint arrows on the lagoons of Europe. I speak as a saientlfio man,-as an ethnologist and a physiognomist. Sin fire, yon are a gipsy!' , , As he aaid the last words, the man of aoienoe felt the pulse leap in her delioate wrists. These organic symptoms cannot eamy be controlled, -though, on the pther hand, nothing is easier than to misinterpret them. 1 She instantly laughed, and aaid, ' ion area wiiarf! I have always thought thtre must be Bommany blood in me, And I oan tell fortunes.' There was no tremor In her voioe, nor aid .the colour deepen In her cheeks. But the i wimd reeolvea to toy his luok onoe men. I < My brother knows more about gypsies than I do,' he aaid. ' He onoe lived among them for several months. Ifyou are inter jested in them, yon might lean muoh from < He has lived among them!' she exclaimed. ' He never told me eo. And I tJwnght, ahe added, with what seemed the lightest intona tion of irony,' that lie had told me all he knew I' . Poor John t This did not promise well for, the channe* of Sinfire beoomlng Mrs JjTrin* waring* But this assurance that wealth wd ambition were not wfcht Sinfire sought, only tended to substantiate thefctoiy oat was doubtfully taking form in the wiaard * mind. He now proceeded to* spring Ms trap, per* oeWingua&he; rfjimld take bcr wbolly atwn I awares. 4 ' , . We are not speaking of the same pewon* be said. * I expect Mm herein aiewdaya., . Yon expeefc-whom V < My brother,-Henry Mai^waring/ « Ab j' said sharer in a low tone- Botat® t,.nd« tuned oold, and dipped {mm her com panions olaap. . . . After all, I am still in doubt. But, hence forth, who shall dare affirm that Doctor Frank Main waring ia not romantio t VI. I am more of » wiaaid than I had myself imagined. When I told Sinfire, three davs since, Out I expeoted Henry to be here in a few dky* II told her a white fib : at least, I expected Mm no more than I have done at stay time during the last three or four yftrt. He might oome, of oourae, bnt the chjujioes were about ten thousand to one that he woiddnot. The truth ia, I w*a merely trying an experi ment. Various more orlese vague lndloa ti»w iiinii of then trifles light aa air-had iQflMgtei to my the notion that Sinfire and Henry had already met, perhaps in India and that trar meting bad not been without an effect upon them both. What sort of M effect f I cannot pretend to say. But. tw> W into oonaidcaation Sinfire B beauty and Henry's incorrigible ausoeptlWlityt and power of fasoinatiou of wth of w^m, it did not aeem altogether unlikaly that tney might have fallen desperately m lore with eaok other. So far, eo good : there would be no particu lar harm done. It was the sequel that was questionable. For, If it were, probable that they had oome together* It was certain that they were togetiijer no longer; they had aeparated ; and the fickleness of Henry a dis position made me surmise that Sinnre had not been the one to blaine. In other words, I feared that he had abandoned her. Whether hie wrong had stopped there, I hftdno meana of knowing: I could only hope (and bdieve, in look of proof to the oontraiy) that he had not shown nbnaalf a villain. Yet there was that in SlnAre's bearing-assuming my theory to have some foundation-that aeouiftd to point to an experience much deeper and more tragio than the more iUting of a handsome girlby a thoughtlcsa fellow. Her misfortune, if ahe had been unfortunate at all, oould have been no trivial one. Her seU-poMession, her re serve. the very transparency (so to can it) Of her expression, whioh, like the transparent akr, oonoealed within Its depths all mysteries, these things, and atill more her abrupt and praotioally unexplained appearance among us Impressod me as testimony to her bring the victim-but not the resigned victim-of some srave injustice. She purpoeed to right her Mlf, or, If that oould not be, to avenge her self . and to that end had she oome to Cedar cliff e. Such waa my line of argument. And there was something more. I did not believe that Sinfire was the daughter of my uncle. I be lieved her to be of gypsy blood. How ahe oamoto know anything of my uncle a affairs, and how she name by Ms letter, 1 could only oonjeature i but the problem was not insoluble. It was hard® to aoount for her cultivation, her perfeot manners, and her familiarity with the ways of society i but great natural tact and intelli gence, joined to an unfaltering piurpose, can gtwmpM.h miracles ; and moreover there might be (and indeed must be) otrcuimtanoes ITlier past life, of which I taow noHdiig at present, that would partly explain it. Still there is an enigma here mat I don t pretend to fathom. But let us recapitulate the situa tion, as I oonoeive it at present. Sinfire ia a gypsy, who at some time, in somo way, has beenbrought into relations with polite society and haslearnt Its ways. Eithw before or after this time, she met my brother Hrajy, and they fall in love with each other. After the affair had gone a certain length, he it more or less, Hem? deserted h« Hot aoqoato tanoe with him had brought her into oontaot with my unole.whomHenry,perhaps wasstay ing with. After Henry lefther, she attached henclf to my unole (he being ohildless, orhav injr lost his children and a widower) and won his oonfldcnce. At his death, he left her what small property he had,and gave her the letter whioh Bho brought tons,-he being prompted thoroto, let us say, by a knowledge_of the wrong done her, and a desire to see It righted. Bho came to us, expecting that aooner or later Henry would roturn( and that ho would then oome to terms,-either to many her, or to aooount to her in somo manner: she would even be oapable of stabbinghun through the hoart, if it should oome to that. Buohwas tlic aspect of my theory at the time of onr in terview in the laboratory. The result of that; interview, s»-far ai it | hnd any result, mijks ooinflrm me in the lead ing wwi :<t~ iter* thtay,-that she* . . .. "7. of "MPwi.'mssrL involve the dj»i>pointment of John's hopes and it would oomplioate my own attitude to wards Buifire. Ought X to expose her ae an adventuress T No ; for two reasons : first, ^/satMaaL'ssaaEi she still has human rights other own/and the affair is Henxy's rather than nitT if u n~r, taah. Buf here is another point. She must be awareof my suspicions of her: will she refuse toalludeto them, or will «he speak to me openly f I must either ' fanttaUy oast Ifer off or become involved in Aor 'IsMkm aninat the rent of the famU/EisfiSit tSdSSit f < strangepredicament for a Mtirinr!maanres ? mui of eeiunoelike myself ; and there is ^^ w^ itmirtt Wjb. I greatly prefer to stick to my time-honoured rile of on-Iooker. But, if I do intend to expose her, it would be much easier to do so now, be If she Surrender* me"l®iw^i Un0t tat is theMJtetWiafcel Mylwill, at I well as my judgment, seems paralixed. I can adopt neither the aotive nor the passive eourac. I fool ma if changes were going on within me or were at hand. A fewweeksago, X reoollect, my longing was for an awakening, -something to gwad n,e out ot ^ that wos benumbing me. Is it the first faint wick of the gwd that I felt now f or am I .bout to relapse fato torpor more death-like than before r One thing or the other will happen, I am sure ; tat, standing hen at the parting of the ways, I can hardly aay wiunhoourse I inoline.to take. Whr dxmld X bother my head about it f When_jths timeoomee, although I shall un to makeafree rfioioe,TiWI do aa has been predeekned from the .beduiur. TK* ocudftions and events of one's post life deter mine Us present action. What has »-n Jteers one round towards what is to be. In this sense wo an creatures of 1ato", Nevertheless, the future remains unknown. And Oat fart, which seam, a disadvantage to us, is in reality our Sole weapon attaint fiLd i*orlf w»a»waa-brfiKSLbd,w» Anld pedefeatedbefon the straggle Isama. but, ss it is,the snprise of the unfcneastrnn sometimessUiiulate usto iaot -steVeiw. ittVM. .. < -.lP( . | WU1, than, I win oease to prophesy what "?T ^ppen during the n« t frW*r» <!* weeks. fiut I aetimt to1 iWfl 5BtBSeof news which has an important sitssticn. The other evening m.^2* *"."*»> I htaM tfftf.' online voice talking in tfcfe dtni^-rcrtmi.' U was not John's voteo. I fytkrwfetoirliS and cold; and then I stood into*5dfiii£' wmndoor, and saw Hen^,, sitting jdTtle vn. ""J "*** £, 1 **. not proeent when Hauy and Shdtie met, To one who know what to look iot, as I did, that mold not have failed to i»veai something. Bat. wen I came in the meeting had aWdv ttinn plane, and Binfire had retired to bar nam;1 she is always aa tfumghtfol, .»nwoMaot> mother remarked. Though, really, jjlloek tpon her as qnito a member of the family, apart from her being toy oipoQ,' All the time that Henry and I were ex ^n^ngomgnetbws and oongntriatfons, ana onr fijut qneeyon» and ?_ I *Ma epeealying about hias andflSw^He fear red^,p«aiap^lrtli^ias33^tBSSS' 'good fellow^ and th« than k tfaatisleimi^ eenias in his eyes, andin socae of bSwwfe. wj^maniftyMtos, tha^mast always maA a difrerenoe betwaaaiUba and tte -inw to1 which he otherwise bslongi.' vTMitiirNVU Mdaoaialaata^Soa, eensea aadexlst.klftenWSa^h.s i J»Wgop j«ch fprJUs (t-t**t T tilrmt IImI1 totmttons, h*w\ Wv*g»Wei,d«e*t<iwil*Wj' He has done W)4hi<i«bBtA^**h |j f>jlMii' ASftsssaSS P"T> I dotitt.tkii^vHAiiy himMU4f" nrohauy, tfUBfci he oonld ket to itafe if tie' He doos notidrink'asl he is neWrdrui^ .brtTe is always teUair nips of brsody from his pooket-iaskTana order, hia health aeenu laMr ***** Thn« wnMial cheerfqjneas of his disposition is doubtless a gnat sanative agamy. Meantime, he la as handsome as the heart Ti^|BW£2>niadai,?i of either mind or body were a bit leas masculine than they a», he iroald be too handsome,-a mete lady s-man. But, whatever else may be said about Haary, he is a man,-« thorough male i creature. Then is not a feminineBbre' is InSiTw ^ k"4*?"* «>»t ever and anon uuotmshls tone and mannaisof a whoBr I masculine quality. His voioe is a sort of a muffled bass, as tuoommon as it is winning; i InesisttUy humonms and oontagious. I wish nature had given me suoh a laugh! " In figure he Is well set up, npt too toll tmt one can-see he is lees athletfflthan hfe was' ranrmartmo. In eve«y aspect he has^dls.,' JhioJfcftj-the mark of a gentleman, One feefe certain, as noon as one sets eyes on him, ffi.«L6rt,s3aiiS pipe) and putting an oooaslonal word into the oonvantion; w£»e mother sat by. looking more like a Rembrandt than ever, iistenhur; inqoiring, aM oomplyetttwlth a bit ofmi. broidery ia Irtr hands. Kmry sat in an faultlessly dressed, Jwki'Wgwly and picturesquely, addnasinff himself nbWtoone, now'toano∨, m2tS aoene after soMe rfaebtgfon us, often ytddhur to tot delioious laugh; but I oodld nflthelS ^ondMfag, aB the time, whether Ms thought* were with us at all, or with what he wsa My* ing. Were they not with that dark-haired Rjirlup-Btairsp And vu he glad, or Sony, or apprehensivef Suiynsed t was sura he most oe; and I did not believe heoonld be indiffer ent. It got to be late. Mother rose at last *"** eriving Henry both her cheeks to kiss; John sat for a while longer, dtwmdly yawning the top of his head off . but finally he too auooumbed and wont off. T"*y a Ute Wrd, and now he seems to think that night was made for any thing btit sleep. So, In order to be more at our cave, he and I wait over to my oonpirt* | oom,ortoMyln s&ggrr; Of oonrte. Bat she buo't returned our P«aion, yet. Perhaps her heart was touched before she cave heee.' - ' When J settle xlo^p, I should %-to. too good to be true.' ?Ton met him while yon were abroad I "^Tttjhsd known the kind of family he had 1 should have made a point of lTWnfr him jfc.'gfe j. niwwd btm-lpmnst 52 lags L y* e?me outj"»t right when 6ne knocks about the world as I do. Bi.t then few peopleI awi auoh fools aajom!' Han Henry shook his head, unscrewed his flask, and took ajpnU, after offering it to me. 'My beet tttohi, '?hm«h'"hflTtnn,sd * It is a wonder to me, though,' he went on, uter a while, 'howyou manage to exist in the way you do hen, Rank. I always *7°.^'' "^d 1 »J«ow, that yon are the man of the family. John is a good fellow, bnt he t p0..bT"na- I hare brains, but I'm good for-nothing. You have brains andthe praboal element too. Fathermade a snat minfoilre with that primogeniture erase " lou onght to hare been heir of the Main JT** .Thfak what might be dane in this * .. l wimooi Von d *wt*f youMU honoured and remembued fcnA houdradyaaw to o«n*. A btt MUi i gala agnatefaoeandbiy Hack eyes oab4b' anything, wdygivehjarfc^Mt rYon ootid many, <Jouain-what'* Ui nafttif-BMXjffi yoddjama lm'tf-Hattffawd a 'tkoe' thai ^.S^to own: If yimow . ^ wake yon a present of K£d?*dd°d' UngWn» ^ " y°n 'No hyrfanefor me, thank yon, doctor,* fefVM atanfirfy. 'I ahail Hw long epoy\\.4o<i*rt X^wfll. Bsrides, howT? man oosld. d*aira, Land h**» e*ld to a»kS' that I woald ne+w-u**, it. Bnimta £tow> ~ weoK^tha^iaWhtte.Tfonid _ . aba.) fllte1.4k«0L'"4Mfl oat U the plaoe, bnt^fitaS;' 5S';T'1* TJ^bcodj^Oosietancy laino 'ia TBj,.t£ttibm -''With popple, wonxm indoded. If Venus h^SE&V; oner haraeif tome on the oae oenditSoo that aras^vsig&fes; loraymoon was over I Tint's the wafr r£ ^J?eopU ^rB !: ind so the balance of niton is imeerv&iL;' UnmdvA AootiuitKot' a oomet, Don t yon remember it waa && same when we wan ohildrenP Ton never had but <me pet, that I know of, and that was a broken- down oat with half it* for and One,eye. gone : yon kept it alive for TMnbr a miracle, and whenit died yon mourned for t and yalsed a grave-stone oror it. tadjroold iyt> comforted; whereas I had * 'petaaMPimniih, aadasaon aa titer mt *3T>!* W »i>4Uke meI waytedto *et Hfl jf %em,-4^ rabMta, oata, mifcST Ttey«r else they may wen. foilAai Sytf ^ rest, either in body or h ridnd lam themoat ttddentofisatakind. n>? look ftnnrt <to the life ^be*a3. U Ihrt atow l^rMtJkefakeA estate andtha<SMt WfM«?q(*»t»tmldb»'ieUto«ie4^^i y^WW wo*W ewaUkibMg' ianram .ttS M,|r,iwjr Uwiag tittooghoctJthe lm hfflar tha plaote l Tltlted wen the abodes the bwsaeqorpf thnjamaed 1' ??? ijto^ttiisija^etyon totoa ti^5^igria.^cg ^atjih4r»injmed ban eror hatm «». .If Mnad ont«4rne prdphMT1 so tt* ; ahd Ijaeyoiias ^wfcjCT^ii' u' SS **&*** w^ole Iranua 't^^AifUiS!?' 0BsaUa,aj>dtheoIdia!lbealIriAtF^ : °l>»ag«4 Mlnill as HWy: t^ut is ditttain is dikt^ tfce wsnlt t&wx; ?^siss^gisStAss hB^atto, 1% W*" 'seeniBL«libb*tTbfl^fe.,,One' ^t fctoerW lodadt^Tthat ay bS&Ji; ? to TT 'dimfiilsh -«dd his virtoes In oease; tmt now there is no rodm for anoh hope. I oonnotbut lament ta^r him. Booh men as he do m«n misohlef to 8«' irorld than deliberate orimfnals oan d0; for thnrhave all the ohann <* goodnew, «nd yet their Works we enL As regards the paitkmlar matter in hand, t^ere was nothing tn what be said to dismoro Imowledgeof Sinflre; and there wore aereM ttdngs that tended to oonflrm it. weed had he been aware at my pre enipWans, he would tartly hare fen tared to oommit himself eo far as he did. It is even possible (though 1 don't beUeVe It) that their meeting hn? is by appoinfahent. But the probability Is that Hetuy £ badly per £.?&? ^"Pwwnoehere. j ^ mmke b debwmined effort I either to ladnoeher to depart or to escape him adf. She may have some hold npon him. I *"r the future I shall not enoourage oonfi dsnoes from him, beeaose, if beware to toil me tte abny and ask me to aniat him against Sinflre, I shoud be obliged tortafuse. Something decisive mast happen before long. | vra. ' John, Lord GedamUffe, in his capacity as sqniie »thU.neighborhood, has been oUwed to give a good di»l of attention to the gang ft onrgian which has of late beian infesting ue region'; bnt so far the ' authorities' hare been snooessfal only in aeonring evidenoe of. past dmredaMons. News has jnst arrived that Isstnteht thev got intoGanenlFnniaoe's house, which is only two miles from outs, and carried off all poor lbs. Fumaoe's jewdlery. This is to bfidin itself, and it also raises the intoreettijg question whether we may not be fte next oMeots of attack. They wen very quiet and skilful, and also very leisurely and audacious; for they made a mast oareful and fastidious selection from the booty at their disposal, and took nothing that would not be readily and Immediately available. As a law-abiding utid reepeotable citizen, such outrages aa this have my sternest repro bation ; but as a human being, with a good slioe of the old Adam in me/l oonfess a good deal of secret amusement and admiration, the follows takesuoh enormous risks and do their work so cleverly. Of oourse, if I caught one of them oarryingoff SApnai, for T»myl», I should However, s&prani; is not a dia mond necklaoe, and oould prohablv- take her own part. John takes a thoroughly serious view of the matter, and he and Hmiy (who is always ready for an adventure of any kind) are busy devising a scheme for bagging the light-fingered gentry in can they honour us with s oul, Mother is muoh oomfortod by the preaenoe of a lamp empty revolver on her mantle-pieoo, and Bmfin goes about with a derringer in her pocket, which is not empty, and which she Knows how to nse. For my part, I shall depend mare on my key and bolt than on deadly weapona ; and besides, aa I shall have to attend to the wounded, it would be foolish in me to take measure to increase their number. I can draw, ttofinal oonoloalona from what goes on bafeeenUJimBie and Henry She watohea him oonstantly, though unobtrusively, he often does) she (taws back. This may be acting, on the part of both of them : what they may do when they are alone together of course I don't kat»r_i and. I can oossrva them only ttocMluiiallyr Henry sustains with auoceaa the rile of a man who ia anxious to mak; hiiqaelf agreeable to a wetty jgiri ? ' * L time. i Sinfire does to hraaieefrahUy a soqfe of wivs, she indicates. auat her knowledge of him'ia of lotifc amending. Bnt^die^i^mi^faM)^ hesitating,-4o^^^na mind whether to decisis open war or to try to bind him to harby a tie that cannot be broken It ia a patbetto. almost *ir»gio sttaaUon. aad it interests and exdte* ma more than Iabonld have cxpeoted. Whichever horn of the Jilftmiw the gM AnMmm njww, mliJiUI will oomeof it j but I am nolined to tUnk war ia her safer oourse; il she teust heraeif to Henry again, she ia ruined beyond redemption. On the other hand, putting myself in Hroi^a j^re^^&a;^nndar'tand^^^he t of qoeetipavpr.ahejronld bnflMttoiii jf^SBQsshari do not like even to mwation, thaiahehaaoog .- of nu crime he has oomnuvted . . ijif have -tint ? tiMttimV ItVte atiliitile'J , wards me. Although since Hnqii julM die has oarefully avoided bring «V*ie me, there fa something Inlat^wmtf a» makes me feel i " " iInsMBoUaasaidnial - aB the hona^ntun»)d Hanry, Mfttngbiaeye- ? brow»._rBntj withdraw ' ^ow^^^^S^sr^ifarMalbnwaiS^ . ! John maatooangwtobo able .to .fathom Ithia mtpl sa^oaam j out' You can11 play with tayTl' he. shotted, , . This la mjrbimae: t a lAUngi'sok: __ _ i ,jjm iwouldn'thsve j ma-<1 mA QflML .WhjTV f demanded John, with a l&fsltsrffihissss; rtnM have bad no csnae to be jealous r 1 It took John several «qondl to. take in the snjbUety of. this argument iiibnt whan hk understood it he set his- teithsndmadea ? spring-at Sm, yrho did not jnoroamuiclb. SitFwssen tno watob, and got between tbpm, and restrained John long-caragh to hia paroxysm of ppnion to subside ^ In deed, a struggle would probably hav» been fatal. When I had induced him to fit down.I said' it 1 *^ji. "u.bi. biM**a 1 H you say it.' in anything to Bay,I%wh you'd 1 Why, Jaok,' he saidatonoe, with genial ity, ' I wouldn't aanoy joilw'ile wold. I had no idea thU you wan oerioualy inter ested inournooam!i"'li"7ou,y4Re,'TBhall)ie the flist to wUh you both hapWAist. I took a opuainly privileoeitftfa Bfamwuin thb wood to-flay,'-JuMh wlatwd, aB^b^ff there an ? menand:men, you know: onehasblsways, and another haa hii. Akia^i**h tte, mean* friendly good-will, and that is all. I'm wts she oonsldored It nothing Mm: but, If you like, I will ink her pantofl for it in your pre sence.' If poor stupid John hsd known what I know, he might not have taken this apology ia each good part as ha did. Butbjrtuetuns he had caught hla toeatti, andta.ooofr--^ of blood on his bralnhad ittMpttU, some ooneldemtion, he Slid1 toothing winr1{n**Ti tiurt ho * have been leas angry te 1 hope of getting Bmfln to Iji, posals, but that he hid'Atbonva mind that she would never oan't when, in the midst of Us bitter i ment, he had Seeti Heniy taking a liberty' whioh he had never dared to take, rage opt the better of him. 'I asked yon the other day, Frank,' he added, tunqg^to me,1 to find but for me what die feltTTmt, sa you never said anything to me abotat it, I sap poaed it was because there wasn't anything good to say.-I'm sorry I aotedllke a brute, Harry,' he oonoludedj stretching out his hand, ' and I hope yon II forget it and for give me.' This finished the episode, to all appear anoea; and the two brothers presently want off together amloably to (ha stables, to'snoke a ripe with Tom the groom. Then are men and nu^i indeed 1 Neither of thaae men ia like me.' What was the meaning of that kiss in the woodf TMB was in the afternoon. At seven o'clook I went in to dinner. I was a few minutes late (under mother's benefiomk honshold dispensation puiiotQ&Iitjr; is one ol onr {oonspioiuoua virtues u a family), bat; m I amended the steps of the verandah* Blnflre cane out of the door, as if been waiting there to meet me. She was all in white, and pale, with her hair Mb* a *MnV black shadow; her eyes, dark sapphires; .arutinixed mine eettrohingly, ae I stood be* fore Mr. WHh a sudden movement, abe ' * id« fa hew, and gripped IheWthe white eogmof "tae She leaned tuwarda .Yod'Habw! . X wishod to tell you I' notifho Ar to any furtheF'exjjiahfcUotlii. A few momoofai later m at toe tiWej looking pleasantly un Oonscfous t( ainteHpi or evil omaii. But 'the morel mniutate 'apon all this, the more .m I oonyinoed ttttt k'orUa la not far off. ttb "htflltn'fin 'lititiilWi at snoh a time. The things e«lWH<rflfite«.are not the real, miiMM ItftUs'MHd^TCmoh is wmje,-to r^ifld%i9ti inMK] jet . ,, - - w y«l .H ia (lie aotivity. t for one fthetastiswdayi a'terenity llinoel the' Jitfiuuelandw' hu | MfaMBrt«pwthrliilirti*ti«i til QeiHr diBe. It may beetttnalfluMy ; 'b4t,liiibh I aid tt ?li??g*'UhWei11ntSattMRidr''ittHIl, and aj£«mk +**e ioet tts Unfr er*ri far Hii li rtBlih niilw hlln «olo^«aiife'tua ' that , litlsjfcy .qualities thatMonjmimddegiadetllem. Ifwifl never be. weU with the world antU wamaq roles it,-not with , the straw baud, imt with lore. iim|im:lMi>Dlnr nature, and it isty/gh^^:tol6toJ^^to falls; tut, ah4 perer would. win imlflnliiineii. B, owe fallen, beoamlng mora djm "^ian. himself. >wa, by the long jot Mr sex, thatthe ;rr wp Wl lier a sinner ; but*laSr «14e Uthe&flenjboe; between her dn «ad «he alna ef Aen I Her sin, at the *urttj M i tfai «g«Ittit1idneU,j£a the la the men for et the thM and retnoree ?is a light jering'tor* If'ille weremadS iMwfitpbtton'ln Oil remain good profaned and obli HinBre'siaiilt has eoreljr been a generous nee j fct^^tomrh jto wy teyptfafle a^txa^ naa U nit astraymay not lov« redeem her nlao f She atsaas n»w alt the point of pSrfl: one step mare and it would be too late I If I can win her, . ? . , should I cherish hsrccnvaraoeherlsaa than ifaho oatne to mfaeathed an, bom her motlutf's posotnT The woridmav doubt it; Sinftyy nerself might hesitate; but in my own aind theM is no Aoubt at all. If «h< loresase.thtto that lore oon&mes; all. And should w^T. oje sneer, let him beware I Whb ain l, indeed that I should Judge herf 'Uhweis n6 ?orime,' eay» Goethe, that I might not have oommltted.' Igofur ther.jpu .sayihatl do not hold criminal many«the filings that men, In the speetons interests of wtimf, hs.T®'sAltrarUT adjudged to betndhl . Atrap*4h<raUta eettmated, not in themselves, but aeoording to tiieir motives and ooauaqUtnoM. A lie mar be wrong; bnt not the tie that saves a friend from unmerited disaster,. A theft may be wrung; but not the ttan that denizes the dmnunl of his fatal 'dnnglit. A murder maybe wrong, but not the murdar that remotes a monster frmn tha earth. The binding together of a man and woman maybe wrong; bnt not if the bondbti in interior, a voluntanr, and a loving one. There ia nothing in me that need van** tut to (brink from BltUre, were she as J wiolced as (he is beautiful. If her eyes have loo)ced upon hell, yet there can bo no heave* for me where she is not; and that dark ex* perienoe of hen would only unita us more absolutely. la it Iwho write in this way P Am I ill earnest F Is not this a mere' intelleotual paa ?ion,-diversion, rather,-which I cultivate for the sake of variety and ooonpation P I hare nover ldssed fiiiijRre : I have naksr told her that I loved h«r : I have no reason to suppose that «helove»me,-tquite,.thesm4 tnuy ! And what, after all, is thJe faystaty of intrigue that invests Ihet. but a sheer Jn^ TOutioa «f my ovrof I h**» seised upop 1 know not what hints fnH jnamftdoM tod apJ pesEsnoes, and bavs'walABI (hem together} with the ardour,si bbi Uapaa4ooed imaging tion, into an ingenious ahainof cirdinfletsfa-) stial evidcooe. A . tenth-rate lawyer in a frontier village would frail it all to pieoea in fire minutes of cross-examination. He wonld prove, to the aatUfaotion of the dolleat jury, that time existed not the slightest reasonable' ground for my suspicions andinferenoes; that I .was wantonly maligning my undo, my brother, and my innooent cousin,-whose supposed gypsy extraction was due solely to her happening to be a good-looking brunette. .Tho iigy would bring me in guilty of maU-1 ciDus libel without having n word to say In fxg own defence. And this is Frank Hain wadng, Esq., M.D. 1 , At all events, I onght heuoeforth to enter tain* profound respect for tins imagination 1 of, mine, the power of which I hats never until now; appreciated. It is certainly the Jtaostaffeotive feature of my oharaoter, apart from which I possess no life or activity worth mentioning. It is not only my Imagination that has'jnade me fall in love, but, were the attributed have imagined to invest my lady love proved to be non- existent, I should -un doubtedly oeaae to feel the slightest interest injur. It ia not . herself that I love, in other yoids: it is something that I have en dowed her with,-aomethlrg proper to my own Wort, wyselfT Andoaunotll love injraetf without going into raptures and to and I know not what mete and worse? -rldwly, Jfcank JWnwaiing, Esq., Jt.D., you are neither more nor lass teas a fool I « .. . » . . . Sinfire has just loft me. She did not stay long, and I do not know that either bt us said much ; but it has made agreatdiflsrence. Bhe Entered abruptly and smftiy, with . stealthy, ophidian movement that Mmahow reminded me of Sftpnoi. All iUiMh andthemotikery and the brightness were woke out M heffsbe/ 'wWsh waif'ivory pah 2nd 'with a'aDrtofrigiditv inito beautiful lines. All far life itegHto V in hsr eyes; bnttiievjdidiMflBahOTtfpalrHbT Thayabmt^ligtit, and gave twaefoHll. ' fwaa idtting in wm-ohair, at my wrfUn^tobteiahdhtfentaoald riM Ae was' .tnda, «na hwhtaMigtitfy frttosei myunildff npt ale A>wn. I-sM'tlp hao^'SBd'tbok&nintt; IVueunSy ihe' - seated herself on the arm of ttMMhair. '-Btt'l :wm IwatMiur - deeply, ' bwt -lot' tmnl'' mwasntoalssdtd'ao* tptUkl1 - H«r'hktid';^'1 I ooid,«md'i# goto upoft itflae '.?nii'v1 I witbtmt her apt>eailiM to btlfcare ?of1... had iwti fSthsrio 'aMrtote", I46*bt'l mean physically: I Mtietf we 'were firing1] one life. f If tam mistaken it'yoo, tell me so!' were | hsrflrstworia. I locked op and received her downward gase. j I don't iei»saihfr making any verbal reply:] we, were in a mood to speak without speak ing. - , : Suddenly she began to Mb. 1 Oh, how helpless lab!1 die moaned, brokenly and passionately . ' 1 meant to make him pay the uttoraMt farthing. I promised myeefi ! I a wore it! Why didl ever steyouP Hois yuaiUuUior 1 He it yt»r brother I' *1 have no blather, Slnfire,' leatd. She took bet band from mine abd pressed itover her e^es. >. I did not know I was ooninghere,' die Mid after a moment; below htr breath.: < Youeeantounderetand 1 don't see how yoa could, though,' she broke off;. ' Beoaitse I know hlm, and love yon,' said ? X. It is decLlefy Irritating to lie 1*14 on one's back in this wjyjpp.wtojn, one woulimost wlA to' be jibre than muaDy active iMBtfett.' .and .wuqryr, 'iagwfllitot pwtoiy 1 I era^llkLve kb^^antqpp(irtu^rto ii^lge' I my <n^ hobby of writing. ... . The ti^ of roeei^l lntereat at present is , theburgfirt. Fioin information wpbavpr^- j oeired, as the uerspapers say, w<> ara in a , toMyfeat^re^fa | j skrc ^dSftd 'g^.^E'^naoals: tnit '^non an i l-amWenrttUf mlght operate in thls hei^ir.,: borhood with oompaiwn seonrity. We nave ; two or ttu^'inflrm and vtratio oqnstabXes to. 'toka cliarjgeof twenty drtUrty squaro miles of territory; and the facilities for esoape and ooneealment' aftoi^ed 'by the , topography of , of this region are all that the mo^t fastidious could Setnre. Aooordingly, wehave seriously made tip onr minds to defend onrselvee, and not only that, but, if possible, to bag the bnnriars into the bargain. The OedaroliSe est&to; is two or three miles in dronmferenoe,' and the fcurfaoc is a good deal diversified,-racks, woods, ravines, cuffs, cultivated lands, and gardens. . The foroo available to guard this frontier oonsisted of four pereona,-John, Henry, Tom the groom, and myself; but my Cwn involuntary defec tion MUMS it to three. Still, with proper arrangoment, three ought to be enough. Sinfire wants to Oomein ; bnt that is imprao tioabte. She would unqueetonably do her part, however, should any chanoe bring her In oontact wlai the enemy: she not only has I no fear, butriie is verjr ofever in suggestions; and, infaot, it was die who first proposed the .aheme that will probably be pot m operation/ The theory upon which we arc proceeding ia that our jobbers are members of the com munity, and prpbably among the most aesloua of those vrtio are damoring to have Uie vil-: | lains dan^it. They have shown such com petent knowledge of the locality, of the ob stacles to be encountered and the faoOltiaeto be depended on, they have made ao few. nds takefe. and .their suooess haa .beea so uaifotm that lt is dlffionlt to suppose them strangers, unfamiliar with the ground. This hypothesis being granted, it follows that although our task is made harder in one way it is simpli fied in anottar. On the one hand, they will be able to arrange their attack with more oertainty and oonndenoe ; but, on ihe other, We shall be able to play off upon them a bit I of strategy that might else fail of its effect. Let me explain. We ate in the habit, every summer, of making a party to go to Pebble Lako and camp out were anight or two. The lake llos some ten miles to the southward, snd is sur rounded by woods which hsnre stood beyond the memory of living man. In former years we built a small log hut there for the ladies of the party, or lor refuge in oaae of storm; and we carry tents, oooldng appar atus, and all other paraphernalia with Us. Father bought the Idee, with the surround ing woodland, at the time of our first settle ment here : perhaps he intended It for a fish reserve ; or possibly his. motive wrs merely (esthetic. At any rate, there it U; ana there is not a prattler sheet of water within a hundred miles. It is about two hundred actus in extent, and remarkably deep at one end, where llount Saohem descends, rocky aad predpitoug, into the water. At the other end itis comparatively shallow and the shore slopea graduiuly : Pebble Brook enters it at this point) and on ita banks the log cabin standi, commanding a view of the whole stretch of the lake and of Mount Sachem re flected in it. The fishing is very good, for the plaoe is so seolnded that few people find their way there : I have cangnt pitftefel there three feet long; of perch and bream thorn ia no ad; and there ate very good trout J)o be fonnd in Pebble Brook. The ehoot i»g isthe'eeaddn ; only last year < JohnaotaiUly bagged a deer. < Well, wehadbeen fieousainff- the feasibility <t gnUgout'theae this WHMr before the btirgiirs werte heart1 from, and John had been looking forward to it with particular goodwill; but, Be he remarked a night or two ago at the dinner-table, 'No use flunk ing of that now. Those fellows would be sure to hoar of it, and they'd have the house gutted before we oould get back.' ' Maybe we can catch them before the sum mer's over,' remarked Henry. 1 And, after all, it would be as good fun hunting them as stalking deer.' ' I'm sure I hope you will lot the polioe at tend to that,' said mother. ' Lot us protend to go, and thon CO mo baok and surprise them,' oxdaimed Sinflre. <'By George, a Rood idea!" tsried John. ' The only trouble would be to make sure they beam we were going; we'd bo certain of thorn thea.' . ' That's >eafcy enoogh,' rejoinbd Henry. 'W° are all agreed that they aro native here sift, to the maimer born, M tell you how to do it. Drive into' the village, and .go about intheahops, buying a wholo lot of things, and letting everybody know that wo are going out to camp at the lake on a certain day. Give the news time to 'spread J then , load tip a oouple of waggons, and drive off ! just before sunset, ringing and blowing noma, so as to leave no doubt in the minas of their spies, if they're on the look-ont, Then baok again after dark with onr shoot ing-itons, and it'll go hard but we'll see some fan!' ' But what do you expeot Sinflre and mo to doP* demanded mother, in some consterna tion. ' Spend the night in the woods, in a . re oan arrange to have you go quietly and put up at one of the neighbours',' said X ' Iwant to be here I' exolaitned Sinflre. ' Let me stay in the house.' ' Ify dear, you would be murdered in your bed t' mother aaid. ?t I shouldn't so to bed,' she returned. <1 should'be perfectly safe; and I might be of same use.' ? . 'The house doesn't need ventilation, or you . might &oot; holes through the doors with your^sainger,' aaid Hem?, laughing, i 1 I ahonldopen tiiedoor before1 shooting,' |aaldah»,Uagiiingbaok»thim. 'Otherwise 1 Might happea to Kit John, or you!' , : 'I with jwrtoeldn'tall talkinthis way,' )pntk>mothar, Mrioualr: 'it makes me feel {vary unoomfortable. Of ootuae it's oat of the.^mestioc that you ataouldstay here alone, |iV.'Ma* i and noneof !.tke-servants would dtw^ toatay with yoiL or would ido any good lif they did. But reallv, John, 11 doa't ap prove of the plan in any way.' . f Din't wou/i mother,' he returned, good Mtmto i '.nobady'e going ? to "get: nut. W». shall:.nae, our jevolveaa . jnat to make tham stand quiet and be handnnffed/-thafd all. 1 don't support tiiere are mare than two of them, or three at the outside. And we aba)) be a match for any three men in this oonntar-eh, FrankC .'.Who ahajl so and lay the bait in the vil lage r I inquired. ' Banry has the best gift of the gab,' re plied John; 'audi oan go with him, in oase any loud talking ahoulH be neoesssry. We oan give them agooddoee, between na.' 'It is my opinion that there ought to be no untruth,' mother declared. 4 we ahould not da wrong that good may come of it. Nothing can justify falsehood; and to deoeive even* burglar is to bring yourself down to hislevd.' ' Biootyour dear soul!' ohuokled Hfenry. I. should, like to be the one raeoal in a world.node up of people'like you 1 But yQUjneedn'^ibe iMixioua, mother. Weare going to oamp out, sure enough, as eoon as Jipvs jnjvided owbueglars with a sale gijng. Xtae may creep M .some tiifiing Htfiutyapont its date; but .'tis not in rtal man to avoid -all error, even in a ^T'ohattei over the matter till late in the oymfagj *11 poisftfl of vitw,andperf«ptf»gthe<Wt»il« of thesoheme. MntKtrr fljnppnd. W*lfsp >ftnra nrhiln, in thn ?""" "*^*1 ; .,*r wide awake aa an. angel, da gleam inthsm which, if at least demonic, ana aha was i&W.; than any of us. She .the whole scene, in all its oom that, noting any imperfeaUona k#o4ili«nediatelyproviding remedies "tj ,wawrlwioe,. certainly, haa meinepntaotwitha woman's int, original, aad rejflete with reeouffloL . It wm strange to think of ns three sitiijig . there,with W.«ieol> of na i her,»f) .differently, and yet all unifa in one thiqgl Only shVaud L, Lowever, commanded the entire situation: only we knew the inner feeaqsta. But the .'.talk never touched on or tfrnf^towarck^be .bidden things: we spoke on tljp f)ir{aoe, and of it. I ooafees, too, that I do flat altogether ootnprehead why her internet intiie affair. should be so intense. What bearing can ahe suppose it to have on her fate f Probably it merely relieves the strain of other thoughts. Indeed I. cannot otherwise enoount for my own absotntionin it. A* for &enry;, it amuses him, ana he may have other motives ; there is no telling; ho may intend to captivate Sinflre by some deed of Vfdour. John is the only nulmpeaohably sihoereoneamong us;ho wants to capture the burglars, and that is all. It will be . clever ttiiriy to do, and he has tho tempera ment to onjov it. The next aaywe bogan to put our scheme in operation. Tom drove John and Henry in the mnn-wmgon. I had intended going with than, but some ;twinges in my right log tam tho knee to the foot prevented me | I thought I mast have rheumatism, and deemed it best, in viejr of the coming adven ture, to run no risks. Tom has not yet been admitted to a knowledge of the whok of the mystery ; he believes, that we ..ate actually going to the lake on Friday evening; and this perauaaton at his will gnatly inaieaso the spread of tho delusion among those whom we wish,to Ffaoh, and wilt also obviate any in discretion. on Tom's part; frr thsre is no telling but the, one particular and confidential crony to whopi alone he wonld venture, to confide the great secret might turn out to be the very individual to whom it would be of the utmost possible use. In times like these your neatest friend may bo your deadliest enemy ; so It behoves tp keep your eyes open. OB they went, and in due time came baok, having fully auooeedsd in their object, at least so far as filling the neighborhood with news of our proposed expedition was concerned. They had also loaded themselves down with sardines, Bologna sausage, smokod beef, canned soup, hud tack, and all other mis oellany as amateur pioneers ate supposed to want. We oould nave fared sumptuously in the wilderness for a month on the supplies laid in for asingle twenty-four hours. To be sure, most 01the things would be as good next year as they are now, and this was probably not their first year either. ' The army's stores are ample,' said Henry at last, after we had all been talking and laughing together for a while ; ' but how about the armoury and the drill P Which of the warriors here oan perforate a gTeen-turtle soup-can at twenty paoee f The challenge was received with acclama tions. We all went out on the grass- plot at the side of the house towards the knoll, and Henry drove two forked stakes into the ground at the foot of the aosllvity and close together, laid the soup-can in their crutch in suoh a way that its circular end was present ed towards us at a height of five feet above tho ground, than measured off twenty paces, and we all took our pl&oee;, 8 in fir© h tun ding bjr to adjudge the prize-an Oriental dagger, *a nilfc, whioh Henry had Drought from Damascus. Then John shot first,- And niokod one of the stakes, just below the crotch. It was A good liner, but a mine aU tho same. Hoary oamo next, and his bullet grazed tho top of tho can, cutting a swath in tho paper label posted upon it, and scratching the surfaoo of the tin. Tho was his, nnloss I could ' get into tho soup. as he expressed it. Ialmod carefully ; £a^ pi havo boen in had form : my shot wr wide by- several inches. We had all used thlrty-two-oalibre revolvers of the beat make. * Well, Harry, you*re theluoky man,' said ili " ®y honest brother were | of a double moaning, I should havo looked for it in that speeoh. But 8inflro said, 'lain tho judgo. I say nono of you can havo the prize ; for none of you have hit the mark. I oould shoot better than that myself.' If it were a human heart I nnnld believe yuo j but a soup-can,-no I* said Henry, glancing at her, with a laugh. She mot his look, a retort eeoqied on her lips; but she closed them, and drew from the pocket of her dress her little derringer. Ex» f?"]? arm, an^i scarcely seeming to Ww aim, she pulled the trigger. The small "Wtipon wout off frtlh a loud Dang, the soup ^broJW as With a mortal Wow, and, ojoold ! there was a round bole in theoentee of the tin diso, out of whCoh welled the .Mwice of thd green turtle* The dagger was oinflreg, But she wsywaidly refused to take it. 1 I was not io the match/ she said. you drew the first soup,' argued , JJf coro for daggers : I prof or Gemngore/ she returned. totter"' But httV0 y0U no Wol), rj] compromise with you,' she said at last: I will aocept tho dagger as a I you may bequeath it to mo in your ' ®° J*> tt! only» (bat oodloil must oontain ?« rtlpnlatlon that the bequest shall not b* o«med out in oase the testator dies of a derringer. ' I' fie bullpt fcasses through his heart, I ^idSluflre. Bat whether she meant ta« tm heart wag too small to be penetrated or too nurd, or what else she meant or did not wean, is probably not of xnuoh oonsoQuenoo, We returned to tho home io on hilarious S^.L«andjtl!4t my supposed rheumatism declared itself as an acute oaae or gout, XI. Considering that niy regimen of life has boeutho least aelf-indiilgent of any of my father s »om, thia seems hardly fair. Bat there is nothing fair in heredity, whether its gn»^» good ar bad. It is arrant theft or bribery, as the oaae may be, Father himself ^ froe-liveT, and yet he suffered soaroely at all from tho hereditary ailment; and it has cropped cat in me in dintifc fepm-ay prtw^f^^ni* I byallaooounts), while my two brother, go Wand drink their fill. goWOTBr, it«o hfflwna that I ham mode a irfSdiaease, and shall be able «uy painful, -especially- when yon eatmot' solaoe yourself with reminisoenoee of Ana ornmtfO night* at compensation. ft would be useless for me to think of leaving my rooms for the next three or four days at least; and, inasmuch aa the bunrlar hunt ooines off to-morrow night, it is that in thii, as ln the other things of life, n££?3 ??** iau ttrt' * ?»«»»«*»: Certainly- a any bob attempts to bunrle my preoious Siproni, for instanoe, I shall-well on seoond thought I would as well .11^ Sflpranl to aotJar herself. She las anm niento as cfleotiveaa ever prooeedod from a feminine mouth. Ssriou*&. I shall be aa """J® «? a robber-baron in his castle, and as oomforteKto «the gout pwmltaHnd, dt»" ao one wflltoow but that I am awAy with the rest, I might ohsnoe to piok off tan un suspecting Jsok Sheppard from my bedrobm window. r tjuiy ehaU be left under the protection of the | Sootoh gardener and his W while John, Henry,audita the groom shall ride back to {/edarchffe, and l£ fin wait in certain favorable spots for what may turn up. The house i» to be looted and left absolutely emjrty,-exoept for me. Mother was very anxious that somebody should be left to ,?Svbut 1 ""PWned to her that would be enough to give me St. Vitas s danoe in addition to my other troubles. gonius for aoUtudo, Md this affair wiU give me a brief opportun lty Of inniiltpwiff j^ 4 . . . . . . * 8t»rted «n hour or more ago, and bv Uus time are nearly at the lake; and I am hero alone, with -books, paper and pens, a box of ogam, and my foot bandaged up in flaiuwl and Besting on a stool. A pair of orutohes lean uainst the table at my Bide, Ziit *^en necossttry, I can make shift to hotMe about. My bed Is made up on ithe sofa oloseby. I decided to put up in the Utmuy, instead of in the bedroom up-staira, partly booanse it ia more cheerful, and partly because I can have aooees to Bgprani in the labomtoty adjoining. The gout, llkeevery Uitag else in the uhivereo, oomes in waves: lt baB oDses and intermiseiong. During tho intermissionB it is probably not more tryinir thanI some pleasures are; and, except for the inactivity it enforoes, I should rather like it. Any phenomenon worth noting is that I nave never felt in suah oxtntordmariiy go6d spirits as I do sow. I remember, several weeks ago, lamenting my depressed and tor pid state and pining for some toroh to kindle r>e into a blase. He torch seems to have Jfn applied: this voiy night is my apogee, it wasno ddusion: I can bo great,-as the future will draw. All is wdl with me. And, standing where I do now, I can understand ul tho obscurities and mistakes and disan nointmaits of the past. I can soe the path I Aorfdiave taken, and the points where X etrayodfrom it. How atrange and laughable is the human raoo, volantarily blindintr. mir KES an j it8etf "aT6 of ubertyandoiviliaatton! The air I breathe is not the dnggish vapour at tho earth, but the free and mighty atmosphere of Bpaoc. Weoall men fools and lion; bnt it is their oowardkx) that has most harmed them. Who .r*"!; ^ree oowardloe of one kind or ant^herf To be lesrloss at all points, yet without rashness, is the beginning of wisdom i J®*®'- Dare to know what you arc, and to bo it,-to know what you want, and to do it: sorely this is not muoh: and vet what mors is there f Women have been at the bottom of most th6 mischief. In that way they havo . n 8 ,uU^fTBI19e for th® outward tyranny ? J?.6?" .""y.oaye stolen oourage and forntude from the hearts of their masters, without them we oould not exist; yet by ttiem we lose the noblest spirit in life. But if woman be plaoed where she belongs, she will strengthen us where she now makes w weak. And Slnflrc shall be plaoed where die belongs ! Ho security I shall And in nor will be the keystone in my arch oi strength. I have lighted my lamp, and closed the shuttera. It is a dark night, but fair and dry, and, for a summer night, unusually still, J-ho criukets and tree- toads are almost silont; anon I hear the cry of a whip-poor will. It is nine o'olook: the nurglai hunters ate probably back by this time, ano PerhMis the game is not far off. Deuoe taki I this foot of mine ! I would give moro that II can toll to be under tho trees at thii moment, or at loaat a few hours* clairvoy auoe, to HCC through distance and darlmeas nnd know all that, is goiutf on. Well, unless rtl signs fail, the storm will have oome nnd gone before long. Word is to be brought to me aa Boon a« anything happens. What is Binfire thinking of now? She does not Boom fat off. The sympathy be tween ub in no fancy: we live one life. In fame,perhaps, wo shall bo aware of each other s thoughts uud movements, even, at a distance. What a gulf night is, botwoon one day And another J Sometimes it may nark a transi tion aa great as between this life and the next. The night that separates the maiden from the woman, the wife from the mother, innooenoo from guilt,-is the distanoe bo twoon the body and the spirit wider than these P "WTwt will the mornning bring forth P 11,0 118 ? am now? Hardly. Nothing will bo us it is now,-not even the Creator of all. The veil of the future is not so impenetrable as has been maintained. Again and agaiu has it booome transparent to certain eye* ub certain season*. Sickness and health, calamity and joy, life and death, have been foreseen and foretold; but one thing lias never boon forolold; and that is, the effect of a new experience upon a human soul. ... Have I been asloep P I fancy so; oud X have had a strange dream. But it was only a dream. Everything around me is un changed,->mr paper, my boolw, my chair, my stool with my foot upon it. But it is ! near morning. Was it a dream P Has anything happened outside while I slept P ? Some one u knocking at the door. ' XII. Henry, my brother, forgive the hard things : I have thought of you t Everything dwindles j into insignifloanoo in the preteuoe of a cala- I mity such as this. How futile and insincere all ' my speculations seem nowP And now re ntauoe is as futile, however sincere it may But we must not think of bur Borrows yet. The first thing to be done is to discover, ? and to punish. I shall never forgot that Wnnr>v<«g at my door. I can hoar it sow: I shall hear it in my dreams. It seemed to carry its message with it, before a word was moras. Ami ygt, when the words ware spoken, I oould not understand titus; they fell l»fa* mfuninrifiw sounds on my oar. And I cannot help think ing that, hod I boon well and about that night, this would not havo happened. He must havo exposed himanlf needlessly. Bf was always heedless, confident, and fearless. I remember his saying, once, that he bore a ohawned life. A curse on all superstitions 1 And be thoee juggling fiends no more believed who palter with as in a double sense. It oould not have happened awlfyw two o clock in the morning. I must have slept more than three hours when I was aroused, and when I last looked at my watoh it was between eleven and twelve. It was thiwwhen Tom knocked on my door, and he tad just oome from him. He found him ! tall-warm, and he oould hudly havo N**n dead mora than half an hour. Bot ha was dead . and ho must. have died instantly. The bullet, fired from behind, struck below tfro left shoulder, and went through his heart. The body lay at the foot of the cUff; fad, aom its appearance, Henry most have bna rtftodmg near its vei^e when he was abumc, and have fallen or been poshed over. i? .*18 «l>wa«d of twenty feet: then were onuses on the body, and some dirt and a small fragment of rook had fallen with him from Above. He must have boon there, looking down into the wood below, joy the villain crept up behind him and fired. Tlw shot was at close range,-not more than eight or ten feet away* It seems arrange that he heard no footstep. Yet, if he had* he would surely have turned round, nnd then the bnllet would ham struck i**m in front. These points will probably be elucidated at the trial,-when we know whom to try. Of oourso there is no doubt that mnrdorer was one of tho burglars. Thus far, however, JT° .J*®0®. of any burglars has been seen. Neither John nor Tom discovered say sbrns of tiunn, either before or after the shooting. 73us ia the more strange because lbs murder proves that they must have bom there, i They had made no attempt upon the bouse, however, though they must have known ft at i .wnf.emP^r i wd if they, got wind of oar intention to capture them, or if, on arriving on the ground, they disoovered our ambush, . why did they not rotire at onoe, instead of putting their nooks fa a nooso by a wanton flwassin^tionf, Had there been signa that Henry had attempted toarreetone of thorn, and that a struggle had taken plaoe, we might suppose they had ahot him in self-defence; but the indications are that ho was approached unawaros, The evidonco on this point will have to bo corofully sifted. At present it is perplexing. The dominion of mind over muttf «wi seldom have been more conclusively illus trated than it was in my case, whan I was made to comprehend what had happened. A moment before, I was as helpless as any eripplo can be, and suffering oouto pain. Fivo minutes afterwards, I was boside my brother's dead body, a quarter of a mile away: I hove been conscious of no pain since, and now oven tho traoos of inflammation are {JT®- / hove no distinct rooolloction of what I did; but I m\int have sprung from my chair and run full epoed, all bandaged as I was, to the place where ho lay. This, in deed, is Tom s aooount of the matter. Ho says that about two in tho morning he hoard a report as of a pistol ; but it was at some distance, and he was at first disposed to think he had been mistaken. Ho had for more than an hour pa*t given up all expectation of tho auooess of the ambush, and was beginning to feel somewhat sleepy. However, he wont along in tho direction the sound soemed to oome, stopping evory now and then to look and lis ten, but detootinjr nothing; and ho was just on the point of abandoning the search wnen he saw something dark lying near the foot of tho cliff. He took itfor a small rook or fallen .boulder; but, as he did not remember having before noticod anything of the kind in the plaoe, he came nearer to examine. Until he stood within a yard of it. no susptoion as to what it really was entered bis mind. Then in a momontho knew it was a man's body ; but even then he thought of a tramp fallen asleep and not of Henry or of any one he knew. But when he notioed how the body lay-faoe downward, with one arm doubled unaer it he recognised death ; and, bending down, ho saw tho curly hair that oould only be Henry's, With that a fit of horrors took possession of him : he doos not know what no did, but thinks he shouted in the dead man's ears, as if to awaken him from that Irrevocable sleep, and he felt for his heart, and got his hand smeared with blood. He was thoroughly un mannod, not knowing what to do, but proba bly hoping' to meet John. At length, he re flected that I was in ray rooms, ana without further delay, he made a straight lino for my door. He was a ghastly-looking object when (tho door boingr unfastened) I bado him oome in. Iffy first idea was that he himself had beon attacked, and had barely esoaped with his life. He was white in tne faoe, hatless, his droas disordered, and his hand bloody; he was shaking all over, like a man ohilled to tho marrow; and ho oould not oommand his tongue to spoak cloarly. I asked him' several ques tions before getting any coherent or compre hensible reply. At last he said, 4 It's a murder,-that's what it is ! And Bomebody'B jot^toswing for it!' ' Ah, if I only knowed that, wouldn't I tell! 1 Who's murdered, I mean P' 1 Lord 'ave mercy on us ! Tour brother, sir !' ' My brother ! John P' ' No, sir, not 'im. Master 'Eniy, sir!' * Henry !' I cried out, I jumped up and caught the man by tho broast of his ooat. ? llcury-murdered F 1 As sure as there's a God In 'eaven, Mr. Frank; and 'e'a lyin' unflor thecliff, oil'is face.' That vas the way the news came to me. So far ob I can recollect, my first feeling was ouo of violent anger against poor Tom, who, as I imagined, was telling some hideous false hood. That Henry oonld be dead was not possible. Anybody else might be dead, bat not Henry. Henxy* my plarnxateinboyhctod, from whom I had parted only that afternoon, ajive vid well. Henry dead? I, was almost ready to UU Tom for asyihg so, as if that would bring my brother back to life. But after a few moments of dlxey incredu* lity I steadied myself and confronted the truth ; and with it oame a wonderful glo^ and buoyancy of strength, bo that I beoafne entirely unconscious of my body, and seesied | to be all will and power. I motionod Totn to j lead the way, and ho went off at a run, with j me at his heels. We crossed the lawn and I plunged down the slope into the wood. «fust as wo turned to the right to reach the cliff,, we met some one : it was Johu. At sight of me he uttered a cry of astonishment; I did. not then know why, forgetting that I had( boon a cripple five minutes before. ' Oome lj oomo !' was all I said ; and he tamed and, ran beside me, -He asked some questions,' but I only shook my head. Tom, before us, dodged along between tiro trunks andbeneath theoongha of the trees : it was dark, but I saw his movements distinctly, and ooiud'des-, r.ribe every one of them at this moment, j Every sense was dilated and intensified almost; to tho point of suffering. And when we drew; near the fatal place I beliove I pushed on in' advance of the others, and was actually the first toreach the body. With tho toooh of my hand upon it oame a change : the frantio unconscious enatgy which Brought me to him was tmnsfonoea into a no less unnatural serenity and seH-poe* eesskm; it might almost be called coldness., My nerves were steady* my perception dear, j my voioecalm andauthoritative. The "others followed my directions and waited ujwntojr movements with involuntary submission. After oarefuUy noting the position of the body and assuring myself that no life was left, I asked for a knife, which Tom handed me, and out off the coat and underclothing laying bare the wound. It was small and dork where the bullet had entered, but in the breast there wis a ragged hole, half as large as tho palm of my haad i the effusion of blood, however, had not been great,-death had been too mHdnii The left side of th£ <*lf, mx\A thjf-le^ ana was fraetared at the elbow. The hoe, when the leaves and day wh&eh; adhered to it had been removed, ap peared calm in its expression : I lit a wax from a box that John canted, and scrutinised it closely. match buriit without flickering In the still air. It was | a handsome face,-never handsomer thah i thnn, and a dignity invested it wMtfc j was eeldom seen in life. Tom shrank, ap* i palled at the aspect of those quiet features? and John brake down and cried like a tihfld. I felt never appaBedoor Inclined to weepj V wasoonsoious only of a stern determination to see justioe done upon Ms assaatfn. Sometreea had faflRm nearby afew"dayB be fore: we sheeted some stout stakM out from tWr boughs, pi-fd the body on them, and carried italow2yandwitii (Uffionlty jro the hill to the house, and laid Hon the'sofa in my library. Then I sent Tom for the coroner, and Wrote a note to mother, which J<An car ried. It told her that Henry had had a bad SuT and bade her return at onoe. Whnhe bad gone, I was left alone with my dear brother. It was about four o'clock, and the dawn was already in the east. The -* "-* don me, I was fully aware el' its ~ * * week c* two a. iibu thought of this man as an enemy: Ijbe lieved he had done* neat- wrongj ahd 'eir-. brought tile wrong home to' me, to be shared with bis immediate "victim. IT1"^ even admitted the thought that his' prremofi, if not his vary existence, was hoi' tile to my happiness; and now like a kwift answer to that unspoken thought, lie was - and his body lay upon the same sofa* where he had lounged ana smoked so ehori a while ago. But If alt u HttJs few u to! mMitf. All, nudum both good afcd ed. wen abaolvMy etili in me. I rtood and looked down >t him for . ltng time. It wa» to he; and I, like him, TO tie creature at destiny. I stood with my back towards the door. I heard no souud, but I was suddenly aware that I was not alone. I turned i ud there stood 8fnfire. XIII. These was nothing miraculous in her appearing at that moment; but it is oertain that I was never more startled in my Ufe. Bo far ae I have notioed, genuine surprises are not nearly so common as they are popularly supposed to bo. For my own part at any rate, I have generally found myself in an attitude to acoept whatever bappeiwaa some thing to bo more or less expected : it U not a conscious premonition, but a kind of instant pnfl instinctive accommodation of one*s self to It simply means that the man and'his environment are essentially in harmony. But now and then there is an abrupt exception to this rule, and then every thing seems to break away, and there is a chaos. _ . .. The news of Henry's death, profoundly though it affected me, and amazed me too, did not startle me at all. Perhaps It stouok too deep for that; perhaps the dream from which 1 had just awakened hod been a dream of foreboding. Be that as it may, it steadied even while it appalled me. But this sudden apparition of Binfire at my elbow unmanned me completely. 1 bad not been thinking of her direotly at all; she had formed in my vninA no more than a feature of general cir eumstanoes; I was not p.cpared to consider her separate relation to the event; she was ton miles away (as I supposed), and hours would pass before any hint of what had oc eured would reach her. Yet here she was mysteriously on the spot, almost before the ooipee of the nun she had loved and hated bad stiffened into rigidity, I stared at her in her gilenoe, striving to pre Sre myself for I knew not what other shook, ad sho witnessed the murder? Had she any purpose to fulfil P « « . A. soon of wild oonjeotures flew through my head, I loved her ; she was the great and only pas sion of my life ; she had transfigured me, almost created me ; whatever I might ao or be hereafter would be due to her : but there are a time and a mood for all things, ana I was in no mood, standing there where I did, to of anything tender and sacred. My nerves and faculties were tuned 1o something different; and I oould not divest myself of the Idea that she was about to connect herself in some way with the omnipresent horror. She was dressed in hor soarlet riding-habit which she had taken with her to the lake, in* tending, as she said, to ride back the next day] In the darkness of the night it would have been indlstingxiishatie from any other oolour; but with the rays of the lamp-light falling upon it, its vivid hue gleamed out with a striking intensity* Her derringer hung in a sling from her belt on the right side. Her lips were oompreesed, her eyes brilliant with oonoentxated light. Her glance seemed to question or challenge me ; but after a few silent moments she turned her laoe BIowly towards the couch which she approaohed lingerlngly. Within a few feet of it die paused, and gazed down upon the dead. . How oame thisF die asked, at length, not altering her attitude. 1 He woe murdered in the wood. We bTjfttrd^hinthowood 1 Murdered'' «he repeated, In a monnur. . I ttoiwht you were ill' ehe added, glanoinir op, then, Wore I oonld reply, 'mtodflitf eheinmdred. ' The maraerer alone known, raid 1. * It Beema cruel; he loved to lie alive ; end he did not expert it,' wm her_next remark. She fetched a long sigh. 11 would have spared his life.' ' yon have him olive again P' I de manded. 'How can I tonp' die returned. ' It ia done " ITioee words, 1 X( in done 1' had a sadness yd solemnity in them that plaroed tnrough my resentment and sternness, and mado me feel, aa I had not done before, that the horror waa not only a horror, but that it was irrevocable forever. I eonld not apeak: I turned and miked a«wn the room. Lite 1B all poai!bllitr; there are few riddles that time sannot answer, few wwnga that yean will not, remedy; but death hu no cure; everything mutt atop than and berin afresh. Thelife that b gone ontla no longer an element in themo bjem; the Qprdian knot ia oat, *pd the severed strands are intractable and mean* JUfflf' P®" ^ "*)' *** *u InvWMe oil then, how muoh might have been tared by the strong magio of patienoe. But it is uoqo ; it is no dream or » u ia done! ^1 tarned again: aho W ctepped nouvr T?J'50T^r» .itoopifig XorfntqL ipak yonrtthinif ft'uiu tnn .Tirotuil of h*. pwbfg habitandlaid it tn the daa4 man'e heart. Asi l aas fowsrfsher, J saw that it wu a gold ring set with fui opal. ' n"**1? I MkBd. , ... .. his,^ she replied. ? Let it.be burled with nim. I have do more to 4o with it.* .Howcamoymibyltl" meant to re tanittoKIa, wnther taswor. 'Jtmeimt a great dttl O&oq; ; but, uohr (Hut ba it irone, it meant nothing.ItifliU/ t ' "° Trioai^ r to gratify, SinfiiB,' Iaaid, after apauae. «I hare always ac cepted you and amjibfag oouocraing »o on^yonr own nntM% and eared for wttlng more. If you were ooupsIM > answer any qnestfona I potto you, I would .A none. Nothing thatispasjt ia any «on> 2T £ US*?'-?*,01 "O' jftia is no time to think of the futare. Letthattoo, tsikeoare of Itself. Butlmay iuk JOB why and how ym eagte hm. tt aetm^MiM tome, and might seem stnngeri^topttwn ifihsr knew.' , ,. t» . iT*. . Stink, ttgfliflfl dial looStfiiff kl aie irtth j half-smile, and roeaMnjpin'eiiiutii 'fighter toqe than ahe had useabefore. <"Tou Know losked to bo allowed to atay; and thoaJfttD wea»yonr mother, Iagnedto gotolhe Xaada an wysnindfrosn the Irstthat J JwobM <wm JBaek. So, wfcsc tbeywere *11 .Mejfl,,! saddied tny horse, a*d cane. I my part,' *e otmOaded, dantamr at tar 4de. ^jroBsoae tonkas tfcrongh the woods 'Ifeol athonneln the woods. I can Had my way anywhon.' , ft"?* tyowrnothog. IlaftttVtioiw yqfofrom.Ws, fatheoUbsrn, aadiNIked ttereatotttewar. Alittle wUBeagoiMbeau to I oaase.,u. ? rTT*?1 »t ,«r either ttme,' ,°°°y fnTfr^ WMd tiwnmstanoe hsnafter. It'-wwdi^e , bea^.mat so on* shooldldiaw of'it. ''Anjtoa ? wrtwWjr be at least twv hooa Dw(W tho oti^n an haMi' I want on. "I adrisi yon toatay near the bam imtfl m h ear themopsnW, ThanridatoxaeetlMm, .-wweeej, ..gpm, ^ .'W9,'nM VND m nndsr; and mmdn aa faBow«d % in finy^dy .iAft can ba atjmoaed ibl6 rf srivi|>g .oy.inbMation wfil^ba p. ,If yoa vera pot '<* tiis atkmt wbeaAedqn(wHcMthut yon w*4i .Thwtee Wngi wUA -i to the woddP ? im^ssosstms >. addedt'iId^pAaamv i flat ^«Eik?r-s.,rrsffiSs' ^otenina lowef «rio% and witli asertof momantary dtooping of her whale tgnit. Bnt she pulled heraelf togethw imakly, K? w'ai a «T2e- 'Qood-hyol' ? "id, .holding ont her hand. oiinmine. ' Tm not myself now, Sinflre. Tiid : ' I ean't be, far ioma tunetooome. There anliaid thiius to do yet, and I must keep myself hard, eo as to do tbem. But wlien ft is all ont I ahall hate somothing toaay. Meanwhile, good.bn 4' ,8he went ont, with her light, Tiraons 5 w v*®8 11008 «g»in- It was now : J A"14 ont mr 1*"»P end threw open the ^hnfieiy. I went into the Ubon tory and drew aside the omiain of Mmaai'i osge. I tapped on the glass, and cafied to to: ahe oame out from beneath heriUnkat, g|Med forward, and . feaiad fcarsaU mi ae kMWB me weU now, and wiU allow me to tote any. respectful liberties with - v I feel an afleotbmfar the beautiftil, deadly oreatnre that wonld jeani sbaoid to anyone else. The woridis the heaven of animals: there ia no paator future to them, no memory or hope; nothing but the fulness of the present. They are bom into their sphere of life, md Hwr Mte. oomplotely, whether it be misehiaVDOs or benefloent. But nan, poor fellow, ia UtUe more than a striving, a regret, s folly, and a disappointment. He never beoomae what he . U oipable of being, and he ia never vrtth ^ what he is. If it were not lor this effortless self-fulfilment that we eee ill ani* mala, the world would be a grim plaoe, in aedd I And ao H vu sooofort to qy* tp dif with my queen of oobraa, knowing that ahe was untroubled and content, and that no ru mour of the grief and dread and eril that made the day nateful to the net of na would ever paas the portals of her ooosoionaneaa or altw the serenity of ber demeanour. Ioonld hold her in my anna, and let herooil round P? "eok, but, (hough ahe could fee1 the beat ^ °* ®r h®*rt, no knowledge of what steed it oould evor cross the bottomless, lintual gulf between animal and human, yerelthe wiolcedeetorthe most faulUese be ing that ever lived on earth, her relation to me would atill remain nnehanged, provided I treated her with the same attention. The de nunciations of my bitterest enemy would leave her as unmoved, as the eulogies of my doaroet friond. No one but myself oould dis turb her oonfidenoe in me ; the whole world would be powerless to shake it. Suoh an at titada has in it aomething of the sublime safety of eternity itself. Presently I heardnnisea and voices without, &nd; I leftodpr∋ witK % mind sqocq oompoeeA* Tom had returned, bringing theooronernnd the village dootor with him. They made their examination and took my f ' the time that was over, uie mothor and the rest, had arrived. UUIIUTXUUC up to the door on her horse, and gave me a look, aa she dismounted, to say that all waa well. XIV. Death, as I have always believed, is no JT to those who die; but distress remains behind them. It eeems as if one oalamlty had a tendency to breed others; and when the sufferer most needs peaoe and repose, bo is moat oeriain to be confronted with f«tah hostile inflnenoes. There is only onb euro oonsolation to look forward to; and that is. Oat die day wffloome when yon, too, will d'e.and, in your tarn, leave all behind yon. Mother aoondltiongivas me anxiety. John managed his mission clumsily, and allowed her to disoorer too abruptly that her favorite eon waa murdered. A epeaiee of hysterios im mediately seized upon her, aooompanied by a I 'y-ihat Aaaiwiiiiiuud mm Rsco anil yields to no treatment. 8he is old, tin: fnt1 year.-* lirUi Ida an indolent and iu.suwe rospeota noil-indulgent.life, and her vital energy is at a low ebb. Shu insisted upon equing the body, befunt it liad been properly Arrant id, unci thift made her worm, owoo thbii, hdr morfiory eeqina partially impaired j ahe ever and apon forget* what h»s h< and then again remembers it, and bar an giiiiih bagina'anei?. If she does not soon re *oovW, there i« a probability of her sinking ' into odmplepj forgetfulneaa ; and, that, per Uniajfomld'bo easier for her than to oontiaae braW preiterit state. Sinfira ia oonatant in at tendance on her, arid baa taken ofearge of Ihe household roUtine, piuoh to the benefit of us aB.' The examinations andwveatigatiaas are itni Bnae«d% in faU vigour. Johahas en tfaj^thSbastdetejUves that are to be bad ; nathtte it 11 We reason to fear that the burgUtrs' (If they were the mnrderai) oan escape, It Is * singular circumstance, how ever, fUit aa yet no traoes of the gang, later thin three days before the fatal night, have been disoovared in this vioinity; nordo the ' detectives agree with our theory that the tmrgtarieii wfcrethe result ,of looal mterprise. Hey thiokfliey were the work of eiperi«ioed lesdy have cpmpttnnlseS^2an2ivofl byatain in^their feg'gi frlo6d.,8ncb men Mil only' aad,irritable, and ia oon stantly having ameoh With one or other of his fltfejtltlvtea anfl making aJl aorta of cradei aUdlmprnotieableiuggeefioBs. He sleeps badl y stnd tefls rife'lie has fejrfal dreams. , Eett looking haggard and Dl, and smokes from: auralng till night, He will nooeptno advioe asto theBareofhlshealth. ' Ifloaa only. etrtDh'theiWandrel Hwitshot him,' he aara, *1 BA*t citato what bfioomes of me.' : He AVoiltt lJlnflra more , than ever,-I pcesuma, noMlw Hi hittt to nmember that be Heni^'Werein the position of rink ifor,her faVofir.,' 1 llqn't lpiow ht>w he wonld feel if wW'ai Muoh'fcbout theaiattar aa I do. ?Wiiuoh/'ikbcnit (he matter aa I do. IT wb to keeji u4o. hia spirits; bot1 fcfcpbio&seshlrn.; 'The only medioin* itlWrne Mod ia to ne a Imaging,' be H. Bnt/taotudild(i not tell him so) __as lolriokas jTftat oonjfort wonld fab j$t^poslpoua)L . , «<3> "" '?* ' . . 3?^,burglars have proved an alibi. Th?y »jw,j>ap#n^ yesterday ia tlhioa^o. There mjUsp* ol.thanf i all known already to th« K>upp,,ir^hadiiithekpo«eesl«i»otae<)f we seasee^i. stolen vin thii TwigMwtnfcbod, y4feyi». oonlsaesditho robbhry; Triit their ^vtmmtaslttoe thi»e days before the mnrf or Mys^>eenttrMiri|iaiid'itbt>()rfaotfy(il^ir,that they were inBufialo at the time it was cpni- 1 4bnadtatrta<& ^tattfidbred ana I am gceaUy disappointed', thdnsfh 1 aunt oonf«*a-thfct-I »aa «ot entirely' anpre pNW&foftU;* tum of aaaira.' TherB 'was» iritM QutfMtbd uvbet pWffj W:tfceir auppoaad tarWooe ih the ho(»d<attheiinw, thtte Wai «ve»y. ,7 _» tteyAMddbave «UMa«d%Da any oaploa onme, Ififiemy bid ootnyred t^p,: ao ithatlhty eoold ndt eisakpe, |t woold hm p»M th» fatter tolattftwidgr ttiaV to Mt|i«»y^y.th**aiEi8oe<^'hia life ,'an4tbe ittkljiti Hea^yW jiilal'-^wM feand tmila <4*n*d4a-^ia poobt is ievidttiM ihb more towbe/oonlfll nat.ihkwmrt tfcetn (n pariltf eS^Sfero liberty. He waa Attadksd "as- ] aTn»rea, tuidj aoia£4U oaii bo ge^n, ttnpfo-. yoked,-that U to aay, by Mnpi enemy who j top, which. (trWk«neat^4iB<e;tetwbitftliiM to«>«K4lthat'^% haife-fcad' eotoituiirto, naariy anmty, in a ridepqckrtaf .hia'qnat.1 ZteMR£t&> iaA^WSN'Monbf J stMMd to* hiMiaoBWfc'liA rtoBnotd n in 1 my rpoaa, wton he laid J^bhA%okad in to say BXiot-bye/aad l»dksptdllitlt. Aa he ?\Wtejjwlt .sood«ari/Mnl6rbiml4u> a 7L-_ «? ., , | 1 | U. -' V> UlHiMnflia>iaf cwiwapw w sua*, nlgfhttvi ta4e,4o<ss JMteeem to h^TO bStSirSt^iSkStn^dfiigW^fS^i min£for but oteHhb% ^%C|Be|jujt it i^^SStii^SSeifcTirflkr i&ey;" ~feok m theirfll0tM"<t4tionk1a' *A\nulf: ? Toin ws geW'*ewU*aiB*6|«i$«k «itntia,Jf I oCSr to. 4ah*Pogate'!liim ; 'bTitI.aid hear 1ibn«kMiM| «a if chMSfaw a ettaBolatay ar uiimit-ni, that < (Maater^EntyinLa a-fedja'' migbtygooathe ni^ht it''apbibed* Itia; erfopoeittietiittba may thenTiaVBdropped W theae apeeolaHoiU are tealinportant.1 Sitoa^Wa frored he matuAldfiedlathe I yiof baWneaa^ at the detw®*ee jrat it, it 1-s that'he was a tiotim tit some fnemy; weee.'' A* fe* alght this wonld iiot aeein ] I hm»bi»u wuiouuienai with <ewybody, ? and therefore his enemies ahonldbe few. But, upott: aeoond thoughte, ao.flM'Ote be aald to know inuoh aljout Haary,hi«alllife^ and it is often "the good aattandyi ? oaiy-going men :*rho*e enemies, whmttity iialra aay; 'are Ui« bfltewgt and mort ^BaWleBtinyi Who din say into how maiqrddlpamteaerapetHtauVa lax ways with .womea»'(te iinatinoe, toiV "hsVe led hlm f Bwtb semngafulbfottiBr CThnabeiid tnay,hara beenifoUowEag him hatf^ay rottnd the world, wdWayhtoqapigtuiiity to 'attike his blow MmSMly, ww»uldhop« to abprelJend aueh a penwo only' by the mereet ohanoo. Be. might bay a ten here *nd aettle down to m0iT0w, 'Ud ««?' etoald hever rooognizeor i'>a Milwjwifdi Mm. ''A. habit bt aoatwr an* nUoenoria^r be all miy well in lobg aa a man liveiritf fetatetb'no tronblto, bat then it ia HabU to raaot against hi mi. Jlenry lm« pre vented o» (iw fcnuWiiiir hoTf to avenge or to j hel^tinv 'I Stlianwhil^,1 the1 detectives, as their HltoWfy | is,' ifebiiiid' 'ai*rfosed to nThsnat, whatever «nM^W^ibg>pt luid, before going onto thengum, or meouanon.,, In other wocda, thiy are Mmtot to nnd out wJt^a^ Henry'a re. lat£ons 'WOT''irim tliB people with whom he aalh orintaot hero at homo, This lift would itioally no one bcaidea Joha and a flie grotmiMid ^infire. Weaaw "yOnHnghia stay,wj(h ns, and: r* r® "fy 'ioP>>*£. *By- So ono f ooursp.thfttho inquliy will insult ^j noneof Qie persona named ate ?-rioudy suspected at any than rjath ; but ft is, no doubt, right that the form tai i&vestigt;£on -o'throwh with.. It will leave for furQier investigation. John agnfa with mo in this, and as aoon aa the iaeft was suggested U> him he ezaresaod him aelf ia anxious to have it carried opt. 'If I ahothun, '! wapt to know it!' he aaid, with a touiiofa»vfligehumour. 'You'renotio it, yotjlmoTr, Frenk,' he went on: "your gouty t .e.'khat you found aueh fault, with) served r 'U^hitt good turn, at least: MO it lies be wHmTp'n and ipe, Aud, upon my word,' h - M'jfipi,ttaftrr a moment a thought, 1 either, Iir i*; l vfHght have dqne it, ao for aa oppor t-mwpjpieal Wconn't prove aa alibi, like the aad you!' I ianfrhed, bat, the fact is, I felt a little nn oomfortable, notao much on John's aod Tom's a <naoatt'aa for another reason, of whioh John ai yet knows nothing. He thinks as every body elaedoes, that Binflre woe miles away at the fatal moment. But, la truth, no ooo but ahe herself .knows exactly wheroahe was after twelve o'olook thatnight. Should this leakout it might lead to diaooveiy of tho reasons she hadur hating Henry: indeed, wen I to tall a baa come to mv knowledge, it might endaager her life. People have been SB btrmaaataatial eridenoe no stronger than that. Of ooune I know, as oertainly aa Ilminraaytiilng that I oannot prove, that ahe ia utterly laouabla of auoh a deed 1 But of oonnw also this oertalaty is baaed upon my fntlmatopenonal knowledge of her eharaotor, which would bo of no value an evidence is aoonrt ttflttW. Tfmv fcesfimony ia oallod | for. I am renoWed lo pieaA i^orati*^© of any thing but the mont nxtcraul acquaintance , with hor lno^cmontu or motiTon; and for the I roat. she i* amply able to protect herself, if [ Sho WlOObOB. | have just said that my knowledge of her oharaotor ia intimate ; and yet it u not,--for do not know whether or aot she will cnooee \D protect beraett. It >b iropo«ib\e to ioreteu where a woman's notion of independence will begin or end. It is more than oonoeiwne ?w. Rinflm, oat of rooro wanton deflanoe, or waywardness, might tell in the wlta#tt*box the whole story of her previous life, which ?he has permitted even me only to guess at. A jury might see in that afcory motive enough to warrant a conviction. Fear of that same waywardness withhold* from speaking to hor on the subject. If ware to toll her that she i« in danger, she would be as likely as not to go deliberately on I »iT<l throat her head into the lion's mouth. If, the contrary, alio discovers her dangeff her- > self, the instinct of self- defence and jastioe <may prompt her to repel it. If here were a nature that I oould oontrol, I wouldpnt forth my power without hesitation, and give her tt lemon to repeat by rote; only that if I cmud oontrol her, I should care nothing about her, qwiI she might do what ahe liked Fortunately, or unfortunately, neither she nor I have any leisure to pass in eaoh other B society. Her hands are full with household «ww ami nursing mother, and I am suffi ciently emfiloyed upon other business. But, in the evenings, after the work is done, I .retreat to my library, and write, or playwith paprani. I have an idea that I should like to put on gypsy attire ajid wander off on foot with 'Sdpr∋ and Sinfire. _ Sdprani's per formances would earn us a living, and Binfire urn! I. would make each other happy. It would he a truer and sweeter life than all the wealth °n^ resources ? of civilisation oould give ua( forwejmssMB all we care for in our selves, A few months ago I thought my highest bappinaw would consist in governing ; now I know that 117 omyhappi hhh is to be found in serving 4ns fnyslwrtous aid. Bnt shall I ever realise that happi ness? X Bay, yes. But 1 have my doubts for sul that. I have never Asked her, the has never promised, and all may torn out a dream. XV. Thejrhave not yet yet fonndout who mur dered Henry Main waring. Thn authorities more out of consideration for us than for any ?other reason- undertook to foous their ssspiooos first upon poof Tom. Thfl coroner's jury had como to the conclusion tl^it the ' daoeaaed cams to his death by a bpllet discharged from a pistol in the hands et . person or persons to this Jury at jtotbnt unknown-' Now, Tom had been provided wityta pistol on the night in qdemni,-a btand^new Smith & Wesson revolver, with sersn joartxi^es, and various automatic and otiier,improvements; and he had further beeh fitted <rot with a belt to sling it in; and all till, apparatus he had faithfully bornofnfon a onset .till sunrise. This, and his 'presence la the forest when Hearywas shot, were the Tom's re"nrK"' straightforwardness, Bom bined with lus evident affection for the dead "*fj Ua Indignation at being Supposed nt working hinrinjaiy, attdnisoon tarnation at being arraigned before tlie majesty of the law* wfete bothoonrioil and pauieao. When the revolver was produoed, moreover, all the seven cartridges were in it, aod there waa no sign bf its ever having been discharged. No one .of Hie witnesses called to, testify aa'to his oharactsr oould find a word to ear against him ; nor oould it'be shown that he had ever had any misunderstanding with the daoeaaed, or had anything to hope from his death. And wheh he was put up to answer for himself, his testimony was as con vincing as it was involved. . 'Tinw this way, please yer honour,' he began, f We was to drive to the lake for to spend the night: there was me, an' the young gentlemen,-borrin' Master Frank, as watfaid DP with a bad foot, sir,-an' the mistress, air the younir lady: so, when -we got .there, Hooter John, says 'e, ' Saddle up, Topi,' 'e says, ' an' take the pistol,' 'e says, ? an'jbaok we goes to wallop them burglars, 'esays. - So I dldn't know what' Vdoehnp to, 1 yer honour, not 'aving' 'ad the tip : 'owaomevcr, I' saddles hup, an' ho® we goes, me, an' Master jobs mi'^Master '®nry\ AV too, haven with *«m yet, Tom,'she says; 'I knows W .to put on a saddle mvaelf,' she saya, ' eolookhout,' ehesays. Well, hoff we gws, leisurely-like, an' tine young gentlemon a oliaffin' and a-laughin', an' Master 'Enry 'e gives me a pull at is flask, God bless 'im, for to keep my gall up,' 'a says. Well, 'twas that dark aa we missed our way onset or twioet, an* it.mightbe 'alf after eleven when we waa book in our hown woods, yer honour. Well, we dismounted, an' tied up to ' "fty to be more suocinct,' interposed the wiiiH<nTngg«nt3«iniMi 1 How did you dispose 1 yourselves after arriving in the vioinity of Cedaniliffe I" ' Master John, eays 'e, ' You keep by an' along 'era, Tom,' e says, ' an, 'Enry, do von look out for that side, 'e says, ' an' I'll do this 'ere slioe,' 'e says ; ' an' if any one on us raises the game,' "e says, ' jest up pistol an' fire in theliair, 'e says, air t'otners on us will close up an* nab 'em,' 'e says > So hoff Master 'Enry an' I goes, one one way an' t'other the hotter, an' leaves Master John when 'e was. Well, I sneajes up an' I staeaks down, an' I listens, au' onoet I thought I 'ad 'im sure enough, but 'twas only a rabbit, yer honour. An' thinks I, ' This 'eie's a rum way of paeetn' the night,' I thinks. Well, it might be two in the morznn', yer honor, when I 'ears some .thin'; an' says I to myself, 'Was that a .nlstol,' aays I, ' or wasn't It P* With that I begins nosin' round a bit, gettin' more an' more hover towards Master Hienry's beat, as it might be, but nothin' at all does I see, yer honour, till says I,' You're naughtbut a tool to be thinkin' it, Tom,' says I. I was just .below, alongside the cliff, when I spoke them words, yer honour, when what does I see, it might be ten yards hoff, but a-but a black -a black 'eap o' somethin' ' At this point Tom snivelled, and broke down, and there waa a pause in the proceedings. ' In short, you discovered what turned out to be the dooessed f said the examiner. ' An' it went nigh for to break my 'art, it did,' said Tom, in a tremulous volcc. ' 'Aidly cold, 'e was; an' 'twas honly when X Boo ia 'air that 1 knowed 'im; an' there was en 'ole clean through him, yer honour, an'-dang the devil what did it, whoever he be!' exclaimed Tom, with sudden vehemence; and than he broke down onoe more, and wept bitterly. After awhile he went on to tell how he left the body lying there, and; returning to the housa, knocked at my door; how he found me just awaking from deep, propped up in my chair with pillows and bandagea, and how at first ho bad great difficulty in making me oomprehond what had happened. ' But as quick as Master Frank got the rights of it,.', he added, 'ho 'ops up, an' hot 'o starts, with no more 'eedto his bad foot than nothin' at all; an' thinks I to myself, 'Tho dootor's a quiet man till 'e's awake,' thinks I, "but 'e'sgot .tha.grit of a two-year-old winner when to"*** "Started,' thinks I.' Than he related our mfctiug with John, and how we oamed the btody home, and how ho went for the coroner; and thus concluded his interesting deposition, which had stirred both tears and amilos in many. At the end, 'ho left tho stand without a stain upon his oharaotor,' as tho newspapers say. John's experionoc was, naturally, of a voir different oomplexlon: He bore himself in every respect worthy of tho name of Mainwarlng. The legal gentlemen treated him with the highest respeot; butitwosevi dnnt that his examination aronsod much greater interest than Tom's had done. Tho most critical feature of it was the unexpected oT-^nmiTijy of tiie old quarrel between John and Henry about Sinfire. How this affair had eome to tho knowledge of outridepernonflI cannot protend to say ; but I roraombcr that the two went to tho xtable after the rerun - oiliation, and may perhaps hare talked It all over there in tho hearing of the men, with the assistance of Henry's brandy-flask. At aU events, it was evident from we quontions that they had the whole story, or a good part of it; and John (who is the most wretched failure in the world at lying) answered directly and unhesitatingly, bo far as the queries had reference to too quarrel itaelf. But when they began to probe for tho cause of tho trouble he took another attitude at noe. ' I got angry about something. I get angry easily, he said. ' It can't make any difference what I got angry about.' ' In ordinary oases, oertainly not; but at present we wish to judge whether the occa sion was such as might rankle in your mind after the immediate rooonciliation had taken plaoo.' 'I don't bear a grudge,' John replied. I break out, and am done 'with it for good and all. When I forgave my brother, I for gave him.' 'Precisely. But the cause might be renowod. If, for example, two men are pay ing attentions to the same lady, a dispute might arise and be settled, but further inquiry might develop hitherto unsuspeoted facts, or fresh objectionable acts might ooour.' ' There's no need to bring any lady's name into (he matter,' said John, curtly. ' All irrelevant disclosures will be avoided. But it is not irrelevant to inquire whether I von were particularly interested in any young lady at or about tho time of this altercation/ 'I never said anything to her about it,' returned John, his face flushing, 'and I don't | see why I should say anything to you.' < Nevertheless, you were oonsoious of feel ings towards her which would render liberties taken by a third party objectionable f . I have no right to say who shall or shall not meddle with what does not belong to me.' ' We are not disouesing abstract rights, but facts, Mr. Uainwaring.' ' I have always understood that faots were things that could be proved,' aaid John, who was Deooming restive. ' Tour impression is perfectly oorreot, sir; and we have evidenoe in support of the inti mations Vhioh have bean aavanoed. But let me point out that, should that evidenoe be it would involve a mention of names and details which you have expressed a desire to avoid. If, on tho other hand, you admit the points I have raised, no farther definition would be required.' This argument told upon John visibly, I don't Enow, for my part, what wit ness they ootad have called, unless it had been myself; and they might have found it difficult to get satisfaction from that rrter. But John would ran no risks of wing Sinfire into tiie scrape: so, as the least of two evils, he replied, after a pause, that he was willing to admit the existence of suah a situation as had bean outlined in the preceding dialogue. ' And I want to aay this,' he added,-' my reason for keeping back information ianottosave myself from what ever may oome ont of it. It is only because the motive you were trying to get at would make an innocent person softer pain that I wished to aay nothing about it.' To this the lawyer bowed a polite assent. It oocurred to me however, that then might be some object behind the ostensible one in these questions; and this suspicion waa strengthened by the fact that John's examination waa oontinuedbnt a short time longer, and concluded with the deoision that then waa not sufficient evidenoe to warrant his being held. Bnt just before he left the box, the oounsel, as if from an after-thought, requested permission to refer to another matter. . After leaving Dr. Frank Main waring's rooms,' he went on, . what did yon doF 11 rode bade to the lake,' replied John,' to bring back the party there.' . Exactly. And of what persons did the party at the lake oonsist P' 'There were three servants,' said he, naming them, ' and my mother, Mrs. Uain waring, and ' He hesitated. ' No one else P' 11 believe I noticed no others at the lake.' ' Waa there not a young lady, a relative of yonrs-i-f* ' She had been there, but I didn't see her at that time,' said John, hastily. ' Bat she joined as on our way hook. I suppose she must have ridden on in front, and missed her way, or something of that sort. I was oo copied with my mother, and didn't notice.' 'Thank you. I believe I need not detain you any longer, Mr. Uainwaring,' said the other, with a bow; and John stepped down, smiling at me, and not knowing what he had done. XVI. Some cynic onoe declared that the heaviest calamity that can befall a man is to see all his hopes fulfilled. It must be an old say ing, for the legend of Tithonas illustrates it; and many an unhappy victim of snooeae has proved its truth sinoe then. It seems that I, too, am to realize its bitterness. When John'B testimony was oonoluded, yesterday afternoon, an adjournment was taken until next morning; but when we had nearly finished Bupper, a visitor was an nounced, and I went out to see him. It was the sheriff, Mr. Faxon, looking very gloomy and embarrassed. ' Anything new, Sir. Faxon F' said I. 1 I've oome on a very disagreeable errand, doctor,' he replied, 'and that's a faot. Is that vonng lady inside P-Kiss Forrestal V ' She is at the table,' said I, affecting an indifference I was very far from feeling. 1 What about herf* . I must see lier, dootor,' said the sheriff, with a sort of a groan. ' I' vc a message for her.* 'A message for herf What is itP Can't I deliver itr 1 No, sir, you oan't. And if giving up my plaoo would save her from it, I'd have resigned an hour ago. But there's no help for it. She'll bo acquitted to- morrow, of course; but I have a warrant for her arrest to-night.' ?Arrest Hiss ForrestalP Oh, that's absurd, Faxon!' exclaimed I, forcing a laugh. ' You might as well make a dean sweep, and anest Mrs. Mainwaring and me!' ?I have my orders, doctor,' he returned, gloomily; 1 and I must carry 'em out.' As ho Bpoke, a figure advanced from the darkness at the lower end of the hall, and came forward into the light. It was Sinfire with a proud smile on her lips. ' Goad-evening, Mr. Faxon,' she said. ' I have heard. I am ready to go with you.' Faxon duoked his head, put his hand in his breast-pocket, muttered something unin telligible, and then glanoed appealingly at mo, as ii he expected me to make myself of some assistauoe. 'There's no help for it,' I said to Sinfire, as cheerfully as possible. I ' I anticipated that you would be examined, but I didn't think they'd go quite so far ss this. Of ooune it's only a matter of form. We'll drive over to Judge Daly's and bail fou out,-it won't tako an hour,-and bo oack boforo eight o'clock.' ' People accused of murder cannot got out in bail, I believe,' said she, quietly. ' At any rate, I will not allow bail to bo asked for. Mr. Faxon will take me where I am to go-' 'Thank you. Miss Forrestal,' said tho shoriif, gTatofully. ' I was rtiitilring maybe my wife oouldfix you up prottycoBy at my house for to-night. That'll be socuro enough, I guess,' ne added, with a dismal grin. 1 But I ain't going to hurry you. Finish your supper, Miss Forrestal, and when you'ro roady to start, I'm here.' ' I havo liad all I want,' she answered. I will get my hat and oloak and come at | onoe.' At this juncture John appeared, and said | Hallo! what's the matter" ' I am going with Mr. Faxon,' said Sin Are.- 'They-want to examine me about the j murder.' ' H'h my orders, Mr. Mainwaring,' re marked Faxon, dojoctedly. ' Aud right itoriy | I ntn for it.' ' What!' ehoutod John, in a terrible voioe, and deeming to grow a foot taller, as he stepped forward threateningly. He _ stared fiercely at the poor slierift'; then his eye® passed over me, and rested on Sinflre. After a moment lie added, doggedly, 1 This lady shall not leave my houso against her will while I am master of it!' It is not against my will, John,' she said, charge 1 not afraid; why should I be !' And indeed she showed no signs of fear. There was oolour in her oheeks, her eves were bright, and her voice was full and cheerful. She even seemed to have been stimulated and in spired by the sinister event, for her close at tendance on mother, and the reaction from the exoitement of our calamity, had made her unusually silent and depressed. But the sudden blow of the arrest had restored her to herself, as great natures are restored by what would crush lesser ones. She was ready for battle. John and I aooompenied her to Faxon's house, and saw that die wag established as oorofortably as oiroumstanoes allowed. Then wo returned home, and both at us were aflat, only, as we separated for the night, John saia, 'If anything happens to-morrow, Frank, you'll find a bundle of papers in my desk. The estate is entailed, of course ; but I have personal property, and oan do what I like with it.' I naidly grasped the meaning of this announcement, and do not understand it even now; for he could not possibly have foreseen what was to happen. That night I took Sinfire's place beside mother, who was, happily, tuoonscious of what was going forward, and appeared to be on the verge of still further relapse into vaouity. She required very little attention, and I was able to rive all my thoughts to a consideration of what was to oome on the morrow, and to the course whioh I ought pursue in case tilings took a bad turn. Towards morning I had made up my mind; and then I got aome three hours' sleep. I believe John paged his room all night. I shall not attempt any orderly rooord of what happened the next day. A crowd of persons filled the room in whioh the examina- j tion was being held. We metSisfire outside: she looked brilliant and s uperb; but there was an expression about her mouth that troubled me,-a defiant curve which, at suoh a moment, was not auspioious. A chair had been placed in the dook, in whioh she took her seat: die held her head up, and her bearing was indesoribably vigor ous and buoyant, as if die were brimming over with lire and health. But no sign be trayed that she was even oonsoious that hun dreds of eyes were scrnUniiing her. They oppressed her not s whit, flhe was as self possessed aa a princess. Some preliminary formalities passed: than ' What is your name f 'Sinflre.' ' And Christian name F' ' I have sene.' Hie law started, and Trat up its spectacles. The people murmured aloud with a hundred voices. John caught his breath, and was about to start to his feet; but, with an im mense effort, he sat bade, and folded his arms and set his teeth upon nis Up. An intense stillness followed the firtt sensation. 'Will you explain v6ur meaningP said the interrogator, at length. . My mother was a gypsy: die was never married : that is all,' was the steady reply. 1 Have your-your friends been made aware of these faotsP "This is the first time I have mentlonod them.' 'And you bear no relationship to the Ha in waring family f ' I have a claim upon them.' ' Of what nature*' 'Idecline tossy.' Aga'n the murmur and the stir. Sinflre looked at her examiner, and smiled. He turned and whispered something to those near him. Then he said 'them probably had some object in Doming .Yea, I had.' .What was it f ' I wished to meet Mr. Henry Mainwaring.' ' Mr. Henry Mainwaring f The gentleman who ' 1 Who has been murdered. Tea,' ' What was your badness with him V She paused a moment, and during that moment her eyes rested on John and me. Then she replied, 'To return htm a ring.' The lawyer had another whispered -consul tation, resulting in the question, ' Had you known Mr. Henry Mainwaring before meeting him here P* She bent her head, and answered, indiffer ently, " I hod previous knowledge of him.' 'Were your sentiments towards him of a -a friencUy character V . No,' she replied, firmly and distinctly. ' I regarded him as an enemy.' At this point the judge interposod. 11 consider it my duty to inform you,' he said ' that you stand in a very oritioal position. You ore suspected-ah-in connection with the murder of the deceased gentleman. You are gravely and, it would appear, reoUessly i compromising your own oase. I advise you before going further, to select some legal re presentative to watch your interests. Yon need to be piotected against yourself.' ' Thank you ; but I have already deolined to engave a oounseU' she replied. . I under stand what I am doing. I shall betmy noth ing that I care to oonoeal.' The judge muttered something, and pushed back his spectacles. The lawyer continued, ' Do you oare to oonoeal the reasons for the enmity you have admitted P' ' If ifcr. Henry Mainwaining were alive,' answered,' I should tike pleasure in telling, j in this place, the cause I had to hate him. Buthe is dead, and I have no further quar- 1 rel with him. He has paid his debt, though not to me.' I The audicnoe were by this time as much excited as attentive, and no movement nor intonation of this beautiful and mysterious! Btranper was lost upon them. lie next question referred to her proceedings on the j afternoon preoeding the murder, to whioh her replies were in snbstanoe as follows: ' When I was told of the plan to entrap the burglars, I aakedto be permitted to join the party, but they would not allow it. I made up my mind to be there nevertheless; but I said nothing to any one about my de termination. I aooompanied the party down to the lake in the wagon. All went exoept Dr. Frank Mainwaring, who was confined to his room by illness. I had my gray horse which Mr. John Mainwaring gave me brought along, and also my riding-habit: the reason I gave was that I wished to ride round the lake the next morning ; but the real reason was that I wished to ride back to Cedareliffe that night. ' After arriving at the lake, we unpaoked tho wagon, stabled the horses, and mode our preparations for the night in the log cabin. Then Mr. John Mainwaring took Tom, the groom, aside, and told him of the scheme to capture the burglars. Tom had not known of it before. The three other servants were not told. We had our supper, and then the two gentlemen and Tom saddled their horses end rodo off. It was a dark night, though it did not threaten rain. After thny had gone, Mrs. Mainwaring end I sat in front of the doorof the cabin, looking out across the lako. By and by sho beoame sloopy, and proposod that wc should go to boa. Tho servants were already adecp, I got up and put on my riding-habit and wont out to the stable. I took out my gray hone and sad dlodhim. I understand the management of horses. I took with me a small pistol, a derringer,' At this there was a murmur among the I listeners, whioh the judge trilenoed. I ' Where is tho derringer you speak of P' | demanded tho lawyer. * I gnvcitto Mr. Faxon lafct nlgbt,' d# replica. ' It is in the same condition as ft wui the morning after the murder.' Mr. Fuion bore advsnoed, and bonded up the weapon, which m passed round be tween the judge and the lawyers. Sinfirs continued her story: ' I rode toward* CedaroUfle, through the woods, auA rode fart. I had beon v> the lake on horseback before, and I am load of the woods, and I never miss my way. I remem bered a deserted shod or bam, a mile « two from Oedaroliffe, and aslAs from the path on whlohl was riding, and I derided to laftTe my horse there andgo therestofmy w»y tmfoot, I found the barn without any aifficatey,«id SETT-*ilEd towards the Oedawlifle *^01 you state,' interposed the lawyer, 4 whether yourobjeot in this esoapsde was to asdst in the proposed capture of the buig ^No : I took no interest in that at all. I wished to see Henry Main waring.' ' For what purpose P' . j had been waitings over sine© do to turned home from abroad, to speak to him on a subject of importance to us both, replied Binfire, her voice augmented in "volume and richness. ' I had never found Hie opportu nity that suited me- He did not suspect mv intflBtf*"" | he misinlnipretod1 it; and at one time I thought of taking advantage of Ilia mistake to accomplish what I wanted. But that oourse proved ' to be too djflgglt.-I mean, too revolting,-1 gave it up. And afterwards ecrnethijig hap pened,'-Acre, for the first and last time, bar voice faltered somewhat,-' eanething that almost made me decide to give it all up all I had ooine so far to do and had promised to do-sad to leave Cedaroufle as suddenly as X oame to it. But then, when I remembered the wrong ho had done, I oaid to myself that I would stay, ®nd not break my fromise. So, when the ambush was planned, knew that it would give ma whatl wanted: I oould meet him; and then I oould ridbbaok to the lake, and no one would know that ire had met.' ?1 Allow me a moment, madam, intorposoa the judge again. < The infemnoe from vonr words is-the ostensible inference especially when viewed in connection with the wont which afterwards took plane-that yon "were acting with the deliberate design irigilr. Hemy Mainmring, and, being armed, of either compelling Wm to do some thing or agree to something (w» do not teow what), or, in oase of his refusal, QJ for wbat ever reason might seem to you sufloientj tak ing his life. I say, this i» an ferenoe from your voids. Is it what you intended to oonvsyf" , ? , . . ? It was in my thought* thai I j*J® his life,' Binflre answered; ' but ether things were also possible *. I oould net khow what 1 should finally do Until I had spotanto him and heard him speak. I <h»t I should probably not haw Wiled him ! to he is dead, and one feds more f<wyi towards the dead.' Very well, madam, replied tin Judge; saibUmg aoma words ona paper, aadthim fmntohing hii oUn with nit pepMWidBP. ' You may proceed.' . ? ' I have told nearly all,' As ssiJ. I searchod for Henry luinwaring, I did not find him- I <moe oanghtaght of twae; ooe I thougkt was he, ? intention, and watched in different plaoee from those they had at first determined on. The body was found in a spot I had not looked in. At last, as the dawn began to break, I went back to the bam, and saddled my bone, and rods tovudi tito 1b«» At that time (be inui'iter mart have been dime, J aol .Tabu llHioffAiiiig wd the gioooi» sftcr | carrying the body to &e; IwdMi nod returned to the oamp; ana presently the wagon came up, I joined the othen, and tiiey told me | wast had happened: but no one Miked nie how I chanced to be mounted and ahrosAao ! early. That is all.' .. .. ? Pardon me I have <me move question TO ask,' said the lawyer, who held the demngW in his hands. 'I think you saidthis pSbol was in same condition as on that morning. An you aware that tthas been dlaohargeo, and that the shell of the cartridge still rt- | mains in it f ' . ' At Am amwunosmeut, John, HUM Caoa 1 had Hghtoarf aUttkduringthe previous fair momenta, suddenly turned "white, and leaned heavily against the bisk of his chair. .Tee, l know that,' retumtd BinSn, quietly. 4 How do you aooount for HP 'As I was on my way baiA to the hern, I saw a rebhit crossing tfisjwth, and I fired at it. Itwasths impulse <rf a troraent, and I was sorry, dirootiy afterwards, that X had killed the poo* creature.' . ' 'J ' It wm an Impulse that may have TRtai ^ oanaequeuses for you, madam,1 rejoined flie' lawyer, while a low muttering of discordant feeling ran through theroom.-1 xourhoaonr,' heoanttnnsd, 'weh»ve«reatod thistalhrwi& every consideration, and she has been allowed to take her own <wurse in the story she has told. We had witnesses ready to spcakto several points, but tin cyrifltt frankness whinhfeat characterised the gteater partof the nsrMtfve to which yon have just nstened rsndMweir confirmation superfluous; while as for <hs conclusion of {he tale, so manifestly artificial and out of keeping with the rest, ft will not, I think, carry "7 , tion with it. We have been told th&t; the witness had a motive for enmity and hatrtoa against the deceased, reaching bade to a period antecedent to ker appearance in Oils community) nd her preeeotBtlon of herself before ilb astbeofffpringof an nnoonseoratea union, and therefore without recognised social status, justifies the inference that in whatever may have happened between her and the deceased he was not the only or the chief one to blame. Be that as it may, aha conceived a malignant purpose against hun. Why should I oonoera myBelf to reproduoe the fluent rigmarole utlerad by this, solemn legal foolf He spoke according to his light, but his light was darkness. He ended by proposing that Blnflre should be committed for trial, without further ceremony, on ttie charge of the wilful and premeditated murder of Henry Mainwaring; and it would doubt less have been so ordered, if I had not arisen and stated that I was prepared to make a deposition of the gravest importance, which would put a very different construction upon what bad just been heard. The radge ac corded me permission^ve to my own way. In eoooraanoe ^wial I had resolved upon the brfoie, I re quested to be sworn ; and vrtien the oath had Seen adminliterod, this is wtat I said : I do nbt pretend to explain why the lady who has fust testified ha£ wilfully laid herself open to acharge of which die is as innocent as lam myself. It is my business to prove she u insooenft of it j and ttat I shall do beyond any doubt. _ As to the aooonnt she gives of her origin, of it I already knew or sus pected, and also that she was hostile to my brother Henry,-though the causes of that hostility I wsaoontetit to conjecture: I never asked her, and she never told me what they were. I must tevtal also what has hitherto been known only to her and myself, -that I have loved this girl almost from the beginning of our aoquaintanoe, and in due time Iliad reason to believe that my love waa returned. Butno definite oontraot was made between us, because it was at first neoessary that some oonoluidon should be rwched in her relations with my brother. I did not know i what she intended aa to that, and shy proba bly did not know herself. But, on fhe night | of which DO much has been said, we agreed t to meet. My illness prevented me from taking part in the proposed ambush, and everything waa propitious. She oould oomc 1 to me without suspicion or peril, and wooould remain together many hours. Aooordingl; she left the camp at the lake before ten o clock and reached my rooms at eleven, oho waa still there when the groom came to announoe the murder, and while he was with me she withdrew into the laboratory. Bho was still there when we brought bacik the body .Iter my brother ana the groom had departed on their errand die helped rae to lay out the body, die put upon hia breast the opal ring which yu the witnessof bufcult. Then si my advioe, she retnrnod, as she has told ybu, towards the oamp, until die met the re n>u» :I w»» uttering thaw peijnrieB, I looked "«"*«". at my brother nor at the law yers, tat straight at Sinfiie. At first her eyee enoountered mine ; lint presently die dropped them, bo4«jbwubm to oheeks faded and faded, until even her Hps were white. I was prepared tohsve her sprin&r; up and give me the lie ? but she oil not stir: die soaroely wemed to bnethe in tut etUlness. "What the woold say to roe to private remained to be seen; bnt at Uaet X Should have savedlierlife; and, inaemuehns her fair lame TO already overshadowed by her relations with Henry, she might reooff nire that my notion was at wont, the only pouiUemoanaof ©leering her from ooroplioity with his murder. Nevertheless, her utter undemonstrativeness made me more uneasy than any outbreak would hftvo done. It was the sign of inward storm. Meanwhile, the sensation produced among the listeners by my testimony was vew lively and Ul suppressed. Bnt I had not jtt dona* , t. 'I am folly aware,' I said,'ttat what l have toldiB a sorry tribute' from a man to the woman he loves ; and I ean only add-to show that I took no base advantaged the oonfidenoe she plaoed in me-that It fa tte purpose and pride of my life to make hermy wile. I would defend her with my life against the shadow of dishonour; but lootUQ not stand by and see her life endangered by eome unknown villain's crime. What she would have died rather than oonfess, 1 nkvfc oonfeased for her, against her will. . .. There waa more to any, bnt It was never spoken. A calamity, as terrible as it was unforeseen interrupted the words forever. No one, appumoy, had thought of "keeps an m upon John wh8e Iwija speaking had been fontWeH in the interest oonoe_ tn^'^^onStaAitslteAimra^U- Suddenly, in the MUJaeeS of the crowded rota, . ammo burst out wbVSh seemed likte the roar of an angry lion ; and I waa oonaolous that some one had sprang towards1 me. It waa my brother. His face waa deformed with pas don. He screamed out some words that were too furious to be articulate. That he meant to kill me no one who nv him oould doubt. There were two benches between him and th» witows- Win whioh I stood : he cleared the first, bat canght his foot on the baok at the ^wnJ. with aflnnh. Three; or four nun lifted him : his fcatnm W«f« oontnptpi; tljere waa anuivertng nbouttfce eyebrows, and his eyes dosed, opened, and (doitedagain, oownl to baa Wtfalnted: tfMh*hjrt 1' ifLft egroeet I;h»4,gotriout' of the bas^anA ww wCT«ting Ma haad <iB. my tiymMer. (tiheiwaa'lxijrcrf help. Tb° strain tipen urceat orgaa. of facing hoars had be«n too serrate, and the wrtfrw ftwffti (bporitfoiit j angto the sag0 JdodledAqrflfcf10#'' iwith the shook <rf his jail, had dealt himhk' UeatkiMpw. His h^dwppadtoT^ with s hoarse sijpk. J told .him gently down tm the booh aod oovtred his face. xvn. So. by these strokes of good fortune, I'ain beoome heir of Cedarelifle; and my dreams of power and felicity are within my g1-a»p. uia now three days ahnetbe s«*ie>n the oonrt-room. The perjury whioh I oommittea answered ita purpose. After oonaiderabU discussion, Slnflre waa noqnitted; ana Henry's murderer still lenains unlmown. Even Sinfire'aatmuf nerves were overthrown by the shook of John's terrible death, and whether or not she had previously intended to challenge my testimony, die let the time pass by when an* oould nie done so with effect, fiinoe than she has remained at l^axon « house, where Ida wile waits upon her. Bet to-day I shall speak with her and learn her wind What I hare done has been done for her : that ia my consolation. Even should she rejeot it, it will t» a oonsolation still. Werethe past weeks stfll in the future, woqld I pursue the sameooursef, Wdl» J oannotiBgue from what I ain to what I was. tjptotte tbw iA» Shin appeswd, my fife ha4'beenaUthoo^t>rf«pe^tion,but, sofar as action wis oonoertW, .only a duU levdofttohbtahotui rpntine,-no mennories, no .snttdipkttofa,, no 'eyebi*. Then, during one flying raajBtt, I lived through the lull tijat little upaoe. ' Tlhe toroh flamed. "P royally for a moment; but now K fliokerg. .ad P«**p« it will die out. Indeed, I fed mm indiffereno© stealing over me i few terrors £d few joys, ocmld qSokeo my pulses now I have made trial of .myseU, .and^to .reault is ndt wfcr satisfactory. I tboagbt l had in me tte insldng of a great man; but a meat Is SeitiorfclifCTbnBi-not merely fa an fine flame exhalea aww, and leaves nothing bnt dust and ashes. It was but the apeoto ot « mlglily y«J.-a will-o'^the-wi«p, (hat tnmptattiem ti) depbmotion. , , Yet there u one thing that can reanimate me. and perhaps stimulate me to fulfil the destiny I had imagined. If Sinfiie gives herself to mo, I am happy, I am in heaven, and the powers' of hdl sball not prevail agwnat me. She is myUfo blood, and the breath of my nostrils, who she Is, whenoe die oomes, and tor what end, I know not; but sbe has made herself my earth and my heaven, my epaoe, my fate. Will she vanish aa she came? Thesunseta, and darknew fells; bat anon the east is afire, and he oomes Main. But upon the sight of her departure-u die depart -no dawn will ever rise. I cannot fed any oonfidenoe or security. She seems, when I fix my thoughts upon her, to be far off and aUll receding. I am crushed down by soia» nameless oppression of evil visions. . The ghost* of my dead brothers seem to belying in wait for me in the gloom. | Bat Sinfire ean rescue me: her soft white I oan save me. She is my God: I can look to no other. Bat if aha fails me, what { thbnf . )Well, thate is still Siprani. uOp uncut UWvUwlt mv wm w*" men tick up the white leaf of their ignorant soils, and trace Uaak marks upon it, aod .thea fling it aside. But who reads them P Angels, perhaps, and . sigh at what they read: and devils read them, and tear them to pieoes, and laugh. But no soul interprets its fellow soul'. it cannot even interpret itself. It knows that It la no longer white, and that ib all. Sinfire has been with me ; and now I am alone again. My library is oool and quiet, and thowmplight ahinoa upon the baoksof the books upon the shelves; and yonder the door opens into the laboratory, whioh is dark; and in these rooms my days and years have 1been spent, but not my life; that has beenUved daewkere. Is it immortal f Itnay beao , but what is immortality to me f Will it give me Binfiref ' All the obstaolos that separated us have disappeared,1 I Baid to hat. One after another, they arc gone. If there Is anyothn thing to keep us apart, it must bo in you, ana nowhere else. You know why I took that sin upon myself. Do youfOTgiveitf" 4 Whatainf* ehe asked. ' reriuiy.' ' Oh, that!' . Did you wish to to under a false aocuea tdonP' said I. . How do you know it was falaeP ahe re turned. . At any rate, I know it. 4 Perhaps, then,' ahe eaid, 41 ^JSL® wished to iave the one ^ .Why should I go greaUy cjreto UveP Tte man who had riven my We ita objeot wee crone: what hta I to wait lot r . . , ' Then you loved him ? I She gave me a still! X never. LovedbJjn* -^oen Ifls^heardhiaMmfi, Ihaw«»a' , . 4 Sorely you did tore hbn *°° *^Haveyou thought ao 01 of me aa she replied, emlling a nttment. 'l ygT have espeotod it of the judge and the jmjr, but I supposed your ejea ware keener. ?1*1 were a man, I would brieve to a mfaanle oooner than in the dl'honour ot the woman 1 loved. Ko; yon **?,**<"*. } °";f."" Henry MalnwanngtiUInwthlm here .Then why vn he yopr enemyt * demanded, to aato^danMtj!,^ A/terapauee, d*«ald, 'I ffflwl 3T" ? little nory, which yffljpritfp* help m to SS iCl «»» sias^sBSjA,** love not the >?-~-r thoy too had ?$,. , year or two.fhw-r, ahe ww amotyer.f ! ahe dlad,^w£'a®ut I- ? I by tieman'a wifediedalao,anflhe WjiT with hill two daughter*. H» educate Own both: but he gave the (Sder preoedeOM over the younger, who, blowing. .wbanoe IS ownawthilt her d"hapo*JJ«iwiJlix>«fr»»d aWwtm*"' , ?... ^ -w** ."PAT" the younger tp harjwj a^^SsKBSMg S all th» yor«*<; she e«l4,- »ny i ^gRagftar"gss^ JSSSSISatft&i;&is; *r^iS$S355i5s? \--~^J*? t'H /?.: '. 'fT1^ 4''£I' Loeanwietj jJf.. Mmi .>« ". byrn to imUae^hew*itria<^to,a«dto hurt^'a^!^^.^^'»way;fae«» «ha did cot write. 1 chief on foot; and when, etlasS-WlW* pS5WS3ft%sn^-s wKXXl SSS43JS, life had been. w»_;*wo ffc*««ata it: flat abo tad fremaoUl ior die had keen ^etrtjwi A*lot». !f8he**a« .11 . U ^1H .ana Ita illllll ?hllll 6 wb&i; <\--T-T -., otto,tiin«£a^ my«iM« ! my4n-. A3^55SH^ week before,-and werpthtoasdmao***®®. ? etam', aid spoke rajidliy^nd owwy*! '!'" ' ' 'At the end aha gave, me tfae «fag,'m»d ?ilnJ me if I ever met him, Mnlamin lo him, iud jtogiv? him » ttaMaga..; J*.*",.* loving iuui»ee ,; there waa Mrephia^fa it. '^fctsss^tSsSs ___ n. ,fbiQaidid^not pi "jMtaraarta I»jeM>ad"frg'«''»y father ttot/tMa Henry ^Maiawari^ **_a relative of onia ; but !>«»??. h® h«dnrt rt> eaguiaed my aiater aeihfaaow^i.*!^ married name. , Ididt Henry wm th* man, I him myself, and in. my owniVWi. the reetj-how moo maahlnlUf.' .-.?.ymu ?.. o' »u. ri»Ttnk«f«!t»VthS» tranalaa. ktq,*Mldeho. .It HowT ' ^"SSSktssi =s»TffiSBSEfiE taakTuvaa W«a WlaMat M> .. !«*."» ^^LrtmetuwrwhatKbto te, fitaflw/ I\ UXW JM Jm*HU e«r. you wgiy that! SgsSSJ^ ^Si^SrSflS^ In mine.* " " . - - . Wliat do jrou olll It, to nther I dind loving yeu,« .Doyoudenptaemer. 4Deq4wTunl Oh,* I B --*? Am m mlM M 1 th^th^yon were *n aWMi t^foAe^g 1 not inn n« I "ru.r "tetSTSZ to'th. wood ?alii. ", (or havtuMtokeo. fc_ °^taito4atBweatoi«toe. "obottmowirtjjt ?he Roiiflfatt or what Aefeund. But all ga»a aaa tojA^ whottcr such a cnatarau BinBni erat nA;' gwjl. C> TAB KRD< 