OFFICIAL DFCLARATI3N. Yesterday at noon was the time appointed for the official declaration of the poll, and isteadr. as on sume previous occasions, of making the whole of the announocments in the School of Asts, they were done at the places where the elections took place. In the AST WVARD pollingyplace (the Council Chambers), his Worship the Mayor attended, and stated that the election for auditors had resulted as follows : East West North Total. Ward. Ward. Ward. W. C. A. Kilner ... 53 159 88 300 Wm. Field .. ... 58 143 44 245 W. H. Day... ... 20 109 00 198 t. Skinnerty ... 30 95 27 152 S. B. Hunter ... 30 58 28 11l The returning-officer then declared Messrs. Kilner and Field auditors for the ensuing twelve montba. In the THE WEST WARD there was a good attendance of the general public to witness the proceedings. About two minutes past 12, Alderman Wyman announcel that the elec tion for a representative for that division of the town had resulted as follows:- D. T. Keogh ... ... 108 Josias Hancock ... ... 106 Josiah Francis ... ... 94 Informal ... ... ... 5 lie had therefore to decllre Mr. Donis '. Keogh duly eleccted as no n alderman for the West Ward,and he also anuounced the btate of the poll for the two aeditors, declaring Messrs. Kilner and Field elected to that oaitionse. Alderman Ke.ooul sail he could say from his heart that he was thankfol and grateful to the parties who had voted for him, and lie truated that they would hare no caueo to regret having placed their confi deuce in him. Anything he, as one of nine repre. s?ntatives, courld do for their good it would be his bounden duty and pleasure to perform. He had been mlany years in Ipswich, and it would probably he his last resting plsac, so he would do nil he could for the beorfitof the town. There hlod been a great deal of tact displayed by many parties in eecuring votes on the previous day. When he saw the phalanx ranged against himn in supporting Mr. Ioan cock. lie a'nmost "goave up the ghost " hut he had pulled through agaiust it all. He referred to what he considered the ilconsistency of two gentlemen Muessrs. J. C. N. Wisomn and J. White--who had formerly been co-worlkers with him in connection with the local option question, and said he was sur prised at th-ir connluet. A member of the feorth estate-M- . A. J. Stephenson-had also done all he could against him, ut still lie hlad Ieln the succes ful candidate, lie trustedl that he had not made anpy eurem, i dultieg the laoest., and hope f that, when hii ter of oficier ceased, the ratrpanyet would besosatis. flied with him as to return him by a lage majaorty. Ounce before, ton ef the cndidates had iealen him by thiltecu vote, but now h h had polled fourteen more tha? that gentleman. o that he took it '" a we go on, we iuerease in value." (Applause and laughter.) liHe again thna?ked themn hnertity for so honouriing him. Mr. HIeecoclr said he was very thankful for the feeling displayed towards him. Everything had been woiked honestly and nothing underhand had been done. No undue iflueuer had been exerted upon any ratepayer to make him record his vote in hila favour. It:verting to ermething ohich fell f:om Mr. Keegh, he said he wished that he (Mr. Keogh) w.i a a local option tnar. lit hoped that lihe would go in for ugood supply of water, as it was eadly needed. (App'nuso, ) liTe ltTObiIN.t-rOFFCEcu intimated that, an nlr. Francis was not present, one of his suppartera would be allowed to say a few words pn hiq behalf, but no one seemed desirous of returning thanks for the ab. sentee, and, after a pause, Mr. R. SKuoGNERTr, on behalf of himself and the other " auditors," thanked those latepayers who had honoured themr by recording their votes in favour of them, and said he hoped they would put him at the head of the poll at next election. Mr. KaEon said a very pleasant duty devolved upon him in asking them to accord a hearty vote of thanks to the returning-otflcer. He had carried out his duties with integrity and with honour to him. self. He had witnessed many elections, but he had never seen one so well conducted as the one on the previous day. (Loud applause i Mr. HA?coclc seconded the proposition, which was carried by acclamation. Alderman Wrasan, in returning thanks, referred to the manly and straightforward manner in which the contest had been fought out. He hoped that, if such a duty cve?e devolved upon him again, he would lave as honest candidates and as good ratepayers to deal with as he had had on Tuesday last. (Ap. plause.) NoPTIu WABnD. The declaration at the Ilrassall Board's office did lot evoke much enthusinsm. Alderman `P$ esERn (the returning-olieer), at exact:y 12 o'clock, de. lared the poll to be as follows : Robert Tallon ... ... .. ... 92 Richard Seymour ... ... ... 45 Informal ... ... ... ... ... 4 Alderman TAL?.? p opoeed, and ex-Alderman SeRuoue Lceconded, a vote of thanks to the returning. officer, aud this terminated the proceedings. 