SKATING RINKS. A benefit was tendered to Mr. K. A. Skinner at the Elite Skating Rink last evening. There was a large attendance of the patrons of the rink. The programme contained, in addition to the usual attractions, a representation by Mr. Apinton of the New York dude learning to skate. A very closely contested two-mile race took place between Mr. Skinner and Mr. Griffin, in which the latter won by about a yard, the times recorded being 5 minutes 50 seconds. Mr. Skinner was the recipient of a testimonial from the om ployees at the Toowoomba, Newcastle, Goulburn, and Sydney rinks of the Elite Company. To- night there is to be a "grand masquerade, carnival, and ball at the Crystal Palace Rink. Brilliant illuminations and numerous attractions are announced. and ' J A return entertainment was tendered to the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. John Harris)- by the members of the Town Hall Dialectic Association last evening, in the vestibule of the Town Hall. There was a large attendance of members and their friends, and an excellent programme of amuse- ment was provided. The first part was devoted to songs and recitations, all of which were well rendered; after which several scenes from' Shakespeare's play of " Hamlet" were given, the following gentlemen appearing i in the different characters Hamlet, Mr. K. W. Richards; the ghost, Mr. G. M'Kae; Horatio, Mr. W. G. Layton; Marcellus, Mr. J. R. Palmer ; Bernardo Mr. E. B. Paton. After 10 o'clock the floor was cleared and dancing was begun and kept up for several hours. Refreshments were served to the company in one of the large rooms upstairs. The gathering was a most enjoyable one, and was as successful as its most ardent promoters could have desired. A concert will be given in the Y. M. C. A. Hall to-morrow evening by the pupils of William-street Public school, assisted by several well-known artists, including Mrs. J. A. Dobbie, Mrs. Innes, and Messrs. W. Walshe, D. Clancy, A. Burgess, and A. Edward. Miss Naylor will act as accompanist. 