MAGAZINES ' FOR DECEMBER, . v ' l * -rr-*- ' i Second Notice. . ' i By far the most important article in all tho, monthlies is Sir Charles Duke's paper on " The British Army " in tho Fortnightly Review. It may bo sumniarised in the following propositions :-We have a million of men, of one sort or another, under arms ; a consider- able proportion of those aro the best soldiers in the world ; the expenso per head is greater than that in- curred 'by any other nation in the world ; and yot we cannot put two army corps into the fiold. If those conclusions we well founded-and fow people will deny that Sir Charles Dilke makes out his case-everybody will bo anxious to seo his next attiole, which he piomisesus will be directed to tho proper methods for improving our military organisa- tion. Literary students, who dimly know that a new literature of no little powor and sweetness is developing itself in Russia, will be glad, to road Mr. Matthew Arnold's es»ay on "Count Leo Tolstoi," the Russian novelist, who is described as "one of tho most mashing, interesting, and sympathy-inspir- ing men of our time." Artists will also peruse with considerable attention (and some astonishment) Mr. John Addington Symonds's article on "Tho Model." With those threo orceptions there is perhaps not much in the Fortnightly to interest general readers, Mr. B. W. Richardson writes on the " Thames ; " Mr. Edmund Gorse on " Mademoiselle Aissi ; " Mr. Schlors on " The Sweating System ; " Mr. De Hennin on " A Partition of Turkey ; " and Professor Leone Levi on " Our National Expenditure." But for three articles the Nineteenth Century would be decidedly dull this month. These throe are Mr. J. M. Oattell's, on «Tho Time it Takes to Think;" Pro- fessor Mivart's, on " Catholicity and Reason ; " and Mr. Blake's, on the " Flamingoes at Home." The first will be a revelation to most people. Wo aro apt to satisfy ourselves wita the generality that thought is " incon- ceivably swift," but, as a matter of fact, a thought, takes a longer or shorter time, according to the effort it requires. Mr. Cattell's details on this point are at once novel and interesting. Of course, Professor Mivart's attempt to reconcile Catholic dogma with the teachings of modern science is far more important That he has succeeded few would be bold enough to affirm ; but he has at any rate written a most remarkable paper, which everybody ought to read. He is followed by the Bishop of Carlisle with an article on " Belief and Doubt" His Excellency H. A. Blake contributes a charming little monograph on " Flamingoes at Home." There are also articles on tho Irish Question, by Dr. Dunbar Ingram and by Mr. Arnold Forstor. The former is simply controveroial, hut the latter is earnestly striving to shape a practical scheme for-Irish land pur- , chase, and his reply to his critics is worth glancing over. - ,. Colonel Brackenbury supplies au excellent commentary on Sir Charle's Dilke's warning by his article on " Horses for the Army." He thinks that it would re- quire not weeks but months to get togothor the neces- sary horses for our cavalry and transport, however great the emergency might be. His remedy ia a system of registration of horses, and not, as some people recommend, Government studs, which ho says have failed wherever they have boon tried. Writing on "The First Chapter of Genesis," Professor Elraslie advances these two propositions-that it is impossible to reconcile the Biblical account of the creation with the teachings of modern science; and, secondly, that the Biblical account is simply intended to convey théologie lessons. These propositions are by no means new, and the judicious reader will come to tho conclusion that their acoeptance has scarcely been hastoned by Professor Elmslie's hys- terical style of writing. Sir Philip Magnus, who knows his subject right well, and can claim to speak with some authority, writes on " Schools of Com mere»." Tho whole world is just now awakening to the necessity of a better commercial and technical training tban our forefathers ever dreamed of, and Sir Philip Magnus's suggestions .should be carefully studied. Of the Imperial Instituto he says : I "In the organisation of courses of instruction in some of the specially commercial subjects which should be taught in most of the schools above referred to, the Imperial Insti- tute might render valuable assistance. This Institute might do for commercial education what the projected Science Museum, with its collection of instruments and apparatus, was intended to do for science teaching. If it fulfils the expectations of its promoters, it will be the centre from whioh the newest knowledge on commercial matters will radiate. In his address on the work of the Imperial Institute, delivered in April List at the Royal Institution, Sir Frederick Abel said: ' It will be well within the scope of the Imperial Institute, as an organisation for tho advance- ment of industry and commerce, to promote a systematia improvement and organisation of commercial education,' and he indicated various ways in which its resources might be made available for the purpose. In helping to 'syste- matise and to disseminate the varied and constantly grow- ing information which constitutes commercial geography, it will perform a useful function. The* teachers of this important branch of knowledge have yet to bo formed. In the Imperial Institute, it is expected that they will have the opportunity of receiving some training. The Institute will contain rooms, in which tho newest maps of different countries may be studied, and libraries of reference on all subjects connected with the statistics and progress of trade and the history of commerce. Digests might be made and circulated of tho valuable consular reports now periodically published ; and gratuitous lectures might be given on the various aspects of commercial geography, and on the best methods of teaching it.'' Mr. 0, G. N. Lockhart sends to Blackwood a most valuable summary of the history of the rabbit in Aus- tralia, and a series of suggestions, not for its extirpa- tion-for that he considers impossible-but for keeping it within bounds. He would abolish the bounty on skins, would encourage cats (allowed to run wild) ond iguanas, and would especially utilise the instinct of northerly migration to conduct the rabbits into great pitfalls. On this point ho says : " The fence which I have suggested as proper to be run westerly, some milos out from and parallel with the Murray River, should bo continued across the Darlintc River to the South Australian boundary, and breaks and traps in it should be set up, as formerly described. The facilities of working the trapping successfully in that locality are very great. Nearly all that rabbit- infestèd frontage is liable to inundations at uncertain intervals, which causo most of the rodents to clear out of it. Such of them as may have lound refuge on islands may be driven out by what aro called "rouse-about mon" landed from boats, which are easily procurable. Strong reserves of such men arc, or should be, kept on the various stations. The fence bearing westerly to the South Australian boundary should pass well north of Lake Victoria ; the rabbits inside of it would be always well on tho move, and easily dealt with if the traps are duly attended to. But, as regards the fenced boundary lino between tho two colonies, it must bo borne in mind that tho rabbits which reach it have como out of tho South Australian Murray river scrubs, and their lino of march has been latterly north-east. But the samo method of capture will bo successful. Tho boundary tonco should be hung with wiro netting, and brealis, if possible at ' every milo of it, should conduct tho rabbits into pitfalls. But in this case, ns ono pitfall is filled from Now South Wales, tho next one should be filled from South Australia. Along this fence it may bo in placos difficult to fit np conducting breaks, as there íb, for about 60 or 70 miles, a great deal of scrub. Along this wire fence rabbits aro sure to travel long distances in summer, as water is very scarce. If ¿ny memory does not fail me, about the 71-mile tree, north from the River Murray, there is water generally on soirie> nice littlo plains suitablo for a camp for perenna attending to tho breaks and traps. At about the 102 to 105 mile peg, one comos again to open fine country on the Buckalow Run, and water is to be had on both »ides of tho boundary. Hero the pest has fine room to spread over a country suitablo to it in every way." Picking out artioles of spocial interest or merit from the remaining magazines wo may recommond " Social Oxford," and Mr. Henry James's criticism on " Emerson " in Macmillan ; tha " Stage Ghosts " in the Gentleman's Magazine ; " By One, by Two, and by Threo " (a gruesome story) in Temple Bar ; " Mr. Halliwell's Pupil," in tho Qornhill ; and " The Sea of Galilee" and "Durhum Cathedral" ia tho Century, CasseWs Magazine is, as usual, full of good reading and useful information, and all children will rejoice to hoar that Little Folks-facile princeps among children's magazines-is to be permanently enlarged, The Christmas number of St. Nicholas strikes us as dull, and wanting in inventiveness. It may bo pre- sumed that nobody who has begun tha story of the " Frozen Pirate " in Belgravia will require any advico to go on with it. 