General Gleanings. The Welsh "Gold King and Irish Home Ruler." INTERVIEWED BY A "FREEMAN" REP RESENTATIVE. Outwardly, the Castle Hotel at Merthyr resembles an ordinary English county hostelry. Inside one is struck by the long rambling passages, and the many steps, which in dark corners, are traps to the feet of the unwary. Ghosts might lurk in the shadows, scar ing belated commercials as they stumble upstairs to bed, for bloody history has been written here. Fifty-two years ago, this inn was the headquarters of a High land regiment, marched from Brecon to put down with the arm of authority, the protest of the then starving thousands of South Wales. The people called for bread, the reply of " authority," was lead and steel. That passage by the bar, where smiling mademoiselle connects " spotreachers," and Mrs. Sarvis and the cook hold council, as to the com mercial dinner, famed "on the road" throughout Great Britian, was then piled up with dead bodies. And from the upstairs sittingroom, where Mr. William Pritchard- Morgan and his secretary are at work, the kilted soldiers fired down on the hungry and angry crowd. In those days, it was a misde meanour to be poor, a felony to express discontent. Our representative, as he shakes hands with the " Welsh Gold King," thinks that they have not altered things much in this respect, at least, so far as Ireland is concerned. The returned Australian, who woos the elect ors of Merthyr, is every inch a Celt. He is full of the restless energy of his race. Short, muscular, sunburnt, with hands browned and hardened by toil in early youth, and hair already streaked with grey, the flashing black eyes are the great features of the man. The soul of the orator looks through them. For although Mr. Pritchard Morgan has, amongst other things, been a journalist, it is evident that the tongue is his weapon. He walks up and down the room rapidly, dictating rounded periods, which are taken down in shorthand by his private secretary, a young gentleman, who is cousin of a prominent Australian lawyer and legislator. An Australian journalist is at another table writing out his "copy" for the Antipodes, where Mr. Pritchard Morgan's candidature is an event of much interest ; for, as our reporter opens his notebook, there comes a cablegram of congratulation from miners at Charters Towers, which the recipient seems to value a great deal more, than another cablegram announc ing that rich gold has been struck at a Queensland mine, of which he is the principal shareholder. The reporter soon sees that Pritchard- Morgan is a different type of returned Australian, to those shoddy Conservatives who seek notoriety by inhabiting dead men's houses, and would sell their souls, as well as their votes, to date their letters from the Carlton Club. " I wish you clever Pressmen would not call me the 'Welsh Gold King," says Mr. Pritchard- Morgan. " I am a man of the people. If I have made a fortune after thirty years of hard work, I do not wish to be thought a mere representative of money. It is not on account of that, that my old mates in Australia sent me this cablegram. People laughed at my letter to the Times, in which I said I would devote my wealth to national purposes. But if my mines turn out as I expect, I hope to astonish the House of Commons some day, I wish to leave my children well off. I like to live well, to give my friends who come to see me, the best of every thing ; but beyond that, I think no man ought to possess wealth which can only be hoarded and accumlated. I shall devote mine to a specific Great National purpose. I shall not tell you what it is, for I may never be wealthy enough to do what I hope, but that is my idea about money, and the obligations of wealthy men. My pub lic platform is, that l am a National and Home Ruler to the spinal marrow of my back bone. How can a Welshman help being a Nationalist. We have suffered, and still suffer in Wales, from evils forced on us by English Tories ; from laws made by parliaments, not in sympathy with the people; from an English Established Church, which the majority dissent from ; from a system of land tenure which must be altered. Justice to Ireland demands that it shall have Home Rule, either Mr. Gladstone's measure or one more advanced. And justice to Wales and Scotland, demands that Ireland will help us to a thorough system of Local Self-government, when she has got what she wants. If returned, of course, I shall support Mr. Gladstone, or any other statesman who may succeed him in leading the Radical party." " You say I am accused of having once expressed views, not so advanced as at present. I have never changed those on Home Rule, which I have always advocated, even when the Liberal party did not do so. As a Welsh Nationalist, I must be an Irish Nationalist. People down here, have been circulating the report that I had Conservative views, because some of my friends in the city and society are Conservatives. Because Lord Winchelsea is chairman of the Morgan Gold Mining Company, does it follow that I hold any of his political views? Our fellow director, Mr. Hanbury Tracey, I hope is a sound Home-Ruler. No, sir, I fight this election out on pure Radical Home Rule lines. The authorities who persecuted Mandeville to death, and who are following up the same course with Dillon, could not be supported by any Australian not a sycophant." " I will only retire," continued Mr Pritchard Morgan, "in favour of a workingman repre sentative, although I consider I am as much a labour representative, as any in the house. But if the miners choose one of their own class, a man from the pit or the foundry, I will retire and support him. I have no fear of being beaten by any of the half and half Liberals, whose names are mentioned. As a Welsh Nationalist, a Radical, and a Home Ruler, I consider that the people will elect me. I will fight this election to the end against all-comers, except a Radical Home Rule workingman representative. All my life, my aspirations have been with the Hen wlad fy nhadau, the land of my fathers, as we say here, and I hope to live to be no unworthy member of a National Welsh Party, which, with the Irish and the Scotch Radicals, will control English Tories. Good bye ! Glad to see you. Just off to Dowlais. Cymry am bydd !" 