"f jCHAPrEB XIL THB PLAH IN EXECUTION. Hugh hnrriedalong the dyke that bounded the salt-marsh meadows seaward, till be reachedtbe point in bis march up where the river narrowed abruptly into a mere third . JVhere be jumped in im *Cfb6fcWwetI -"*8 lie was able -in the cold darjp wa^pr jathe opposite bank. Once over, he had still to straggle as best he might tbroDeh two cr three swampy lields, and to climb a thick set* hedge or so-regular bullfinches-before he fairly gained the be -fated-Kttle-highEgadr*- His head-swamr \Vetr and cold and miserable without, he was torn within by conflicting passions: but be walked firm and erect now along the wind ins road in tne deep gloom, fortunately never meeting a soul in the halt-mile or so of lonely way.that lay between the point where be bad crossed the stream and the Fisher man's Rest by the bank at Wliiteatrand. lie was glad of that, for it was hie cue now to escape observation. In his own mind he felt himself a murderer; and every llicker of the wind among the honeysuckle in tbe hedge, every ^rustle ^f. the leaves on the trees, over bend, eVerjr'BpTa8b of the waves upon the distant ehore.-mtifie'bis heart flutter and bis' breath stopshori'jn response, though he gave 110 outersign.ol fear or compunction in hia even tread trnd erect bearing, the even tread aud erect.bearipg.-pf ;a proud self-confident down to the ground otf to the little garden'.' How lucky.too, that they lay on the hither side f>l the xjoop and the tap-room, where men ytie sitting late oyer their mug of beer, Bing ipgand rollicking in vulgar mirth with their ibud, half-Danish, East Anglian merriment! .He stole tbi-oiigh tbe garden on tip-toe, un percfeivedy and glided-like a ghost into the tiny, sitfcins-room.' The lamp burned brightly dn.the parlour tahle, aa it had burnt ail the, evening -?z:--? r- hS- -" slippe rbt>m broody Mid water cold, and changed bis clothes from iiead to foot with as much speed and noiselewneas ft8 .circumstances per* mitted. ,The^ ^reading more eaaijy, he went out once nibre With, abold front into the other robib. flubg "himself down at bis ease in £e big aftnchait, tOOk«p:a book, pretending resdi^andrpng the cell with ostentatious alanwfl1 fprithegood landlady. His plap vas propeed to pnt it into ex I Thd % WettKfal body of about itty. dune iriimb eviaent BurpriBe and hesi *it? *he cried aloud lb * fjiight Hnrt-y,^'4o&iiik;*>f thatnosH I took 011 in the 'ouse, as is 'ardiy respectable. We never heerd you nor knowed you was in. I 'ope you'll excuse them, air, bein the fisher men from Snade, enjoyin' tbeiraelvea their own way in the cool o' the evenin'." Huiih made a manful effort to appear un concerned. "I came in an hour ago ot mpre, ;? oe replied, emiling a sogar-of-lead smile, " Bit pray rlon't interfere with these good people s merriment for worlds, I beg of you. I should be sorry indeed if I thought I put a stopper upon anybody's innocent amusement any where. I don't want to be considered a regular kill-joy. ... I rang the bell, Mrs. Stonnaway, lor a bottle of seltzer." It was a simple way of letting them know he was really there; and though the lie about the length of time he had been home was a fairly audacious one-for somebody might have come in meanwhile to trim the lamp, or look if be was about) and eo detect tfcfe fllse hood-be saw at once byMte. Stannary's face that it passed muster without rousing the slightest suspicion. " Why, William," be heard her say when she went out, in a hushed voice to ber hus band in tbe tap-room, " Mr. Massinger, he's bin in his own room all this time, and them men a-sboutin' an* sivearin' out 'ere like a pack of Bavages." Then they hadn't noticed his absence, at any rate! That was well. He was so lar Bafe. If the rest of his plan held water equally, all might yet come right, and he might yet succeed in marrying Wini fred.' To save appearances and marry Winifred ! With Elsie stilt tossing on the breakers of the bar, he had it in bis mind to marry Wini fred! When Mrs. Stannaway brought in the seltzer, l-ugh Massinger merely looked up frotn the book he was reading, with a plea sant nod,and a murmured, "Thank you." 'Twas the most he dare<L His teeth chat tered so he could hardly trust himself to speak any further; but he tried with an agonised effort within to look as comfortable under the circumstances as possible. As soon as she was gone, however, he opened the seltzer, and pouring himself out a second strong dose of brandy, tossed it off at a gulp, almost neat, to steady his nerves for serious business. Then he opened his blotting book, with a furtive glance backwards to right and left, and took out a few stray sheets of paper .... to write a letter. The first sheet had some stanzas of verse scribbled loosely upon it, with many correc tious. Hugh's eyes unconsciously fell upon one of them. It read tc him just then like an act of accusation.^ They were sqtae simfjlerlinea describing some uleal Utopian world-a dream of the future-and the stanza on which his glauce had lighted so carelessly ran thus: " Cut, fairer and purer still, True love is there to behold, And none may fetter his will With law or with trold ; "With law or with ubld," iridg&d; J, Fool! Idiot! Jackanapes J He crninbl&fifre; ferees angrily in-hUliand as helooked, and JBimg them wilhsdmchjid Jteeth intothe empty lirtplace. HiB own%otd8«^^p to «4#mn judgment against&im; ana. condemned^ im remorselessly by anticipation., liai;aold SBie^or AViniUa^'^Mld, and ti|pi^5S68 of hit crime was aiietu punning iim'iike a deadly phantol^thl^g^ati "Jjijjlf piping mdments. .. 'v;'(>»£&*&&.LM-. "With a eet ^dlook'fin hlshanjtfbr dark lace,lie selected another Blieetoria|an white note-paper trom the moro&go-covered; bldtting-bciok.Jrad then palled' & "bundle of old worn^edged letters "from bis breast pocket-a bundleof letters in acid's haml writing, secured by an elastic india-rnbber band, and carefully numbered. with rea'Jnk from one to seventy, in the order they were received in. Hugh was nothing indeed it not methodical. In hie own wayhebad loved Elsie, as well ae he wab capably of loving anybody; he had kept eyeiyword ehe ever wrote to him; and now "that ehe was cone-dead and jgone for eVei^er 'letters were all that he had left thai ponged to her. He laid one down on the table before! him, and yielding to a momentary Impulse of < ecstasy, he kissed it firet wijtb.ieverent tenderness. It wasElaie'e letter^poordead Elsie's. . Elsie de»d:t ? He ojuld hardly realise it > » :> A Hia jbiain whirled and awamwitb the manifold -fepaotion* of that eventful evening. But bfiimnBt broce himBelf up for his part lik^a man. Uefwist nojb,wprk to dp^lhe his desk-the broadest he could find-and fitted it with pains to his ivory holder. Elsie always used a broad nib-poor drowned Elsie ! Dear martyred Elsie! Then dancing sideways at her last letter, he wrote on the Hbeet ina inrge flowing anguiar hand- dccp~ aud black, most unlike his own. which was neat and small and cramped and rounded, the two solitary words " My Darl ing." He gazed at them when done with evident complacency. They would do very well; an excellent imitation ! Was be going then to copy Elsie's letter ? No, for its first wordB read plainly, " My own darling llugh." He had allowed her to address him in such terms as that, but still, be muttered to himself even now, he was never engaged to her-never engaged to her. In^opyiughe omitted tbe yord That, he thought," would, probably, be coife sidefed quite tod affectionate for any reasonable probability. Even in eiriergencles' lie was cool »nd collected. "But "My darling " fvas; juet About -the proper mean.: (3jr)s are always stqpjdly Kasbing in thfir expression ot'XeeHng "to. one another, '.Ko, SoulftfEtaie'heraelt ifrould h&\'ebegtirf "My !. >*.** 11 1 u: > After that, he turned over the letters with CareM scrutiny.ae it downtlie > jagea tone ey- one lor eoipe particular phrase or wordiie' wanted. At la?t > he came upon the exact thing. "Mm Meysey "and Winifred &te-going; but to- > morrow.4' ''That'll do,"he said in bis soul to himself^ V&curlto; the If > "-and laying the blank sheet once mor$ before him, be wrote down boldly, in > the eame free hand, with thick bltak dotyb strokes, "My darling Winifred." Tbe plan was Bbaping-itself dearly in bis pund opw. Word J>y-word; be fitted in so, copying each direct; Jrorn,Elsie's letters, -And > dovetailing tbe wbole tvith skilled literary, craftmahsnip into ii curious'cento of her pet phrases,! till at last, after an hour's hard and anxious work, round drops of sweat standing meanwhile cold andcl&mmy; upon his hot forehead, lie read it over, with unmixed ap {.rotation to himBelf-an excellent letter botU a design and (execution. * - 1' ; ! " Whitteetrand-hbll, September 17. ', i " My darling Winifred,-! can liardly make pp mymind to write you this letter,'and jr&r; I must: I ;ca»i Ap longar *voidiw I know, yon will think me so wicked, BO ungrateful^, liknowMfra. Meye'ey wiHrievet forgive .me. but l can't -lielp it Circiitotlt&frdeKretoo; strong for me. By the tsme tliia reaches ypu 1 shall have left Wbitestrand, lfearlor ever. Wbylamleaviug, 1 canneyer, never,, liejrer toll you. Hfoix try to fiflcLouVyoo 2k# 85?,°!?4 > discovering it 1 kriow what yon 11 think, but you re quite mistaken. It a something about which you have never heard ; something that I've told to nobody anywhere, something I can never, never tell, even to you darling. I've written a line to explain to Hugh: but it's no use either of you trying to trace me.f i »halUWil«n*> you some day again to let you know; ho# I'm Retting db-but never my' whereafcouS. Darling, for Heaven's sake do try to huah this up as much as you can. To have myself discuBBed by half the county would drive me mad with despair and shame. Get Mra. Meysey to say I've been called away Budaenly by private business and will not return. If only you knew all, you would forgive me everything. Good- bye, darling. Don't think too harshly of me. " Ever your affectionate, but heart-broken " ELSIE." i His soul approved the style and the matter. Would it answer his purpose, he wondered, half tremulouily. Would they really believe Elsie had wtitten it, and Elsie was gone? How account for her never having been seen to quit the grounds of the Hall ? For her not having been observed at Almundham station ? For no trace l^eing lett of her by rail or road, or sea or river? It waB a tfcspcrate card to play, he knew, but he held no other; and fortune often favours the brave.How often at loo had h[er stood against till precedent upon a hopeleta hand, and swept the board in the end by some audacious stroke of inspired good play, or some strange turn of the favouring bhances t He would stand to wiu now in the same spirit on the forged letter. It was his one good card, nobody could ever prove he wrote it And perhaps with the unthinking readiness of the world at large, they- would All -acccpt it without further question. If ever Elsie's body waa recovered! Ah, yes ; (rue: thifr#Ottld, indeed, be fatal; but then the chaneesweretinormously ajiainst it The deep sea holdsitetmn: it yields up its dead only to phtient and careful sean&j; and who would ever d team of searching forifilsie? Except himself, she had' no one to search rat her. The letter was vague andtin&rtain;, to be sure, but it? very vogueheaa waB infinitely better than themost definite lie ; jt left opea the door to sb mucbywidtfc of conjecture. Every man could invent hie own solution. It he had tried to tell a plausible stoty it might have broken down when confronted with the inconvenient detail of stein reality; but be had tiusted everything to imagina tion. And iorigination issuch a charmingly elastic faculty! The Meyceye might put their own comatruotian upon-U. liianh, bo doubt, would put a different one ; and each would be convinced that his own was the truest. He folded it up, and thrust it into an envelope. Then lie addressed the face boldly in the same free black hand as the letter itself to " Miss Meysey, The llall, Wbite strand." In the corner he stuck the identical little mnnoprrjjpJ_1?jg.) yril|pp .Wji'ft strokes crossing each other, that Elsie pat on all her letters. His porter of imitating tbe minutest details of any autograph stood him here in good stead. It was a perfect fac-simite, letfcr and address; and tortured as he was in his own mind by remorse and tear, he smiled to himself an approving smile as he gazed at the absolutely undetectable forgery. No ^expert on earth could ever detect it. '"Shat'U clinch all," be thought serenely. " fhey'll never for a moment doubt that it <k>inea from Elsie." He knew the Meyaeys had gone out to dinner at the Vicarage that evenins, and would not return until after the hour at which Elsie usually retired. As soon as they got back they- would take it for granted Bbe had gone to ha], as she always did, and would in all probability never inquire for her. It so, nothing would be known till to-morrow at breakfast. He must drop the letter into the box unperceived to-night, and then it would be delivered atWhitestrand-hall in due course by the first post to-morrow. He shut the front window, put out the lamp, and stole quietly into the bedroom be hind. That done, he opened tbe litcli lattice into the back gahten.&nd- slipped; out, clo8ing the window loosely after him, and blow ing out the capdle, The post-office lay just beyond the chtirch. He walbSJ tliere fast, dropped his letter ia J^ifcty into tbe box; and turned unseeivi9^&M;*)ghjfoad once more in the dusky r^ooriliijut. Wearied, and faint, and half-delirious as he was after bits long immersion, he couldn't even now go hick to the inn to rest quietly... Elsie's image Inaunted him stilL A strange fascination lea htm across Hie fieldf; ||ifl; through the lace to the Sail-to Klei&Mifc; dwelling-placeTr lie (^EeS'liTW^hMiOTe side gate-the way he usually came to visit Else-and prowled guiltily to the back of tbe house. The family had evidently returned, and suspected nothing. No sign of bustle, or commotion, or disturbance betrayed itself -anywaefe-;-net a lisht-ebowed from a-eiagte window; all waSTcTarTcand still fromenato end, as if poor dead Elsie were sleeping calmly in lier own little bedroom in the main building. It was close on one in the morning now. Hugh skulked and prowled around the east wing on cautious tiptoe like a convicted burglar. * . . . As be passed Elsie's room, all dark and empty, a mad desire seized upon bim all at once to look in at the window and see bow everything lay within there. At first be bad no more reason for the act in bis bead jthpftjljhat, the, plui developed ,j£f»lf farther as be Ahopghtpi it It f difficult lojciimijto tfcesill by tbfcislt^tueporcnWqd Wie^ clauit>enng wistaria. -m hesitated a !mpn>ent, then' remtorte and*Curiosity finally' conquered. Tbe/tomantjc suggestion-'came tohimlikea dream in hiafevcredftn<t almost deliriouscondition, like a dreim ue carried ty fit opteeiuto effect GroptnfciandfeeHtig bis Jhumb fibget8t:yFtii'<feyig8i«fofl hea'd <tijal>BtUta^ed and; avamidB,tiea)lild^«idiU< ness-T bja JQHgjMell* cQfttinwsd asphyxia,, be raised hUn^Tf .cautiously, to Ajbp level of tlie eill. ftnd prisfed the wifiaow, ofce'a with llife deird, white hand. U'he fetSp oh tbe t>lec though turned down do l&wthatlie; hi dn'fc observed its gliiamer from outside,' W if. a^ill alight, ajid burning,riaintl^ , He tarrieq tfcnp just far enoDK^^tolBe^ 'tbroucb tbe gtooin Tiis way abotat1 tnte1 bearooin. xte dqortvasclosed, but not lockfed. ; <He twisted the key noiselessly withjdexterous.:j> res Bare, Soi as to leave it fastened .frptn- the .inbid?, . Tbat ma. j^emr touch. », - Tber would' think ElM^iiad climbed out of tlie'wtndBff.-'v" .' .' ' jA lew letters and things lay loose abbot tb6 room. The devil within tumwaa reveHiag now in bideoua suggestion*. . Wby oot duke everything ci^ar bphj^d gathered ttiem ,up .Jand.fttucKJhep), In ^js pocfcek testes Bmall iiTkck leather bfcg atood.on a 'wpbdfen frame in the {air cdtrier, < 'He pushed into it hastily cbe. nightdress onUhe^bea, the toash > *ud < comb,? 6 lewaelwted; articles o^pn^cMhing j«onp ^he^c^t.^pt tb^mlsnVesh^ Kit seSmoiiaiy iSben. It a?gn&l; .haftS jf tou cbbose ^ pfoy foratfigh atave yott'mtist play . "boldiyv bnt > arqnintjafi d>lay. well*Hugh mymjn a. jnpmept jW? the public hangman, and that liis own neck waa the stake at isBUfc If ever it waa discovered tbat Elsie was drowned, nil the world, including the. en lightened Britiah jury (twelve butchers and i>akers and candlestick- makers, selected at random from the Whitestrand rabble, he said to himself angrily) would draw the inevitable inference for themselves that Hugh had mur dered her. His own neck was the Bt&ke; at lgSue. . . . His own neck, and -honour and honesty. i He glanced aroand the room with %n ap proves ej'e ODce more. It was dfcpital! Splendid ! Everything was indeed ifi most admired disorder. The very spot, itjpoked io truth, from which a girl had escape! in a breathless hurry. He left the Iav^pi still burning at half-beigbt; that fittedywell : lowered the bag by a piece of tape toJp>ar den below, littered ia few stray handralchiefs and lace bodices loosely on, ty0OOT(jtnd crawling out of the Witiddtf 1ntt»--thaoua care, tried to let himself dowti -hanii -over band bv a branch of the wistaria. The branch snapped short with an ugly crack, and Hugh found himself one second later on the shrubbery below, bruised and Bhaken, 