CHRIST CHURCH. ThB Rev. E. A. Crawford took for his subject on S'uiidfty mrirnirig "The Comiug of God's Kingdom," the text beiiig St. Luku 17th chapter 20tH arid 21st verses.— " And bping asked by the Pharisees when tho Kingdom of , God comatli, uao answerea tnem ana said, Tlio Itingdom of God comet h not with obseri'ation ; nvitln-r sha'l they say, Lo here 1' or ' Tlioro 1' fur lo, the Kingdom of Cod is within. you." We all pray to God every day " Thy Kingdom come." Here our Saviour tolls us smoothing about its coming. The prayer is not .that, tlio Second Advent may bo hastened, though that is a very natural and propet subject for prayer. "Thy Kingdom cqihu ' is a prayer that something may take plado with regard to ourselves. The Kingdom of God is among us, wo inustatrive to find and lay hold nf it. It is liku n treasure found in digging a field, _ so v.iluablo that all wo possoss is to be sacrificed to obtain it ; it ib like a very precioiis pearl worth more than nil we have. St. Paul tells us that " the Kingdom of God is righteous ness and peace and joy in tho Holy Ghost." For these wo pray when wo any on our knoes " Thy Kingdom cnino." They come not '' with obser. vation," but aro liko hidden treasures in tho hosrts of men, the valuo of which, however, can at any time bo realised. (1) Tho Kingdom of God is righteousness, that is doing our duty to Cod and to our neighbour, not one without tho other, but both together. Some mon are " religious " without duo regard for other rights and feelings. But this is false rolivion, for " ho that luveth not his brpthbf whiirii he hath seen, how can he love God- whom he hath not seen." Others are scrupulous in all their duties to others j they are ready to "do " like Martha, bill jhaVli liko ivintV, fofind tho peart „f prlch bVsittittg at. tho feet of jeans thine to 1 thelb (Triliei and privileges as "„„ lenri> Christ, bliliMrun of God, arid living „f iS. "f dom of " Heaven." The preacher opinion that all who are rP„l|v would at loast find tho Kingdom of r"i0 hut until they had cast all their siris and csrv. the foot of tho Cross tlioy bad not found it m The Kingdom of God is pence. "SoiiJ ' adds tho Apnst'o, "let us follow aftor m,;"' which rnako for pcaco." But 1,0 " Wl ihiplioitly admits that perfect poaco and ne'76 inent are in somo cases imposrible. It seoins"0" if our social condition almost necesiitata ' cbrfnin hriiount of friction. Evorvwhe'ra ,a will bo Found 1,0 say, <'rnoCswS,B place its this for goBSip and Scandal arid rniarWH lirig." But it is tho aamo in cvory plat0 T! furnishes, however, an abundant field fy,l «t. exercise of " that oxcellent gift of charity tl very blind of poaco and. of all virtues, wiih,M which whosoever liveth is counted dead bnf.,;« God. (3.) And the Kingdom of God is 4 the Holy Ghost." The true Christian is a|nav' cheerful J even if his circumstanc a forbid n,, ontriard cheerfulness, his soul has ovor nn i ward : joy, like the English bishops who woi'lt joyfully to be burnt for Christ's dent 8akb "Righteousness, poaco hnd joy in the H0|! GhoBt." Fob thek'e we pray ivli'on wb 8iy, "qiZ Kingdom, come." Thoy ' " come riot «nl observation not secretly. May " th'o lfiha dom of God " even thus " come " to us frir l;j sake, who died that wo might enjoy it tu ever! . 