THE CRAVING FOR AN INFAL LIBLE INTERPRETER. In the Apostle Paul's farewell address to the elders clergy of Ephesus and Miletus, he gives them a very Bolemn warning, saying, " I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them. Therefore watch, and remember that by the space of three years, I ceased not to warn every one, night and day, with tears." — Acts xx. 29, 30, 31. And it is to be observed — I. That what he here says, is of a piece with much that we find in several of his epistles or letters. In his Epistles to the Corinthians, especially the Second, he warns them against " false apostles, de ceitful workers, transforming themselves into Apostles of Christ, and ministers of righteousness ;" even as " Satan himself transforms himself into an angel of light " — men seeking to disparage Paul's apos tolic authority, and to introduce doctrines opposed to his. " There must be," says he, " heresies among you, that they which are approved, may be ; made manifest among you."— 1 Cor. xi. 19. The Epistle to the Galatians, again, is also made, up of similar cautions. The Phillippians also are warned chap, iii., in like manner, to be on their guard against teachers who corrupted the 'Gospel. Cautions of the Bame kind are addressed to almost all the other churches to which he wrote : and both Timothy and Titus are earnestly and repeatedly exhorted to watch against the ' inroads of these corruptions. The Apostle Peter also cautions the disciples against those "unlearned and unstable " persons, who " wrest," he tells them, " the Scripture to their own 'de struction." ;; The Apostle John again,- in his Epistles, is chiefly occupied in warning his hearers against those false prophets — those " wolves in sheep's clothing " — of whom his Master had prophesied, and bid his disciples beware. And here we find Paul,, in his farewell address to the elders, earnestly urging again the solemn warning of this danger, which he tells them he had been continu ally repeating for three years. " From among themselves," he tells them — "from the very bosom of the Church " — men will arise teaching perverted doctrines, " to draw away , the disciples after them- : selves." ; Now, it might seem wonderful, or even incredible, if we ' had > not these accounts in the- Bible; that any such thing should have taken place ; that in the very times of the Apostles themselves, whose authority from Heaven, was proved by their miraculous powers, any false teachers should have not only arisen, but should have gained a hearing, and been able to draw away the disciples by pre tending to an authority equal or supe rior to that of the real Apostles. And if we had not providentially possessed these accounts of the early dangers of the Church, we might have been altogether disheartened at the view of the various errors introduced into later times by men of high pretensions as religious teachers. We might have felt as if God had for saken- his Church, when he withdrew from it the guidance or the inspired Apostles, and left Christians to find their safety in watchful, and careful, and honeBt exam ination of every doctrine taught. But, as it is, we see that, from the very first, this care and watchfulness were indispen sably necessary to guard against the danger of false teachers introducing cor ruptions of the true Gospel; that even then Christians were required to be on their guard against the grievous wolves in sheep's clothing, who would enter in, not sparing the flock. We ought not, therefore, either to wonder, or be disheartened, at finding Christians, in all ages since, exposed to the same dangers, and called on to exercise the same watchfulness, as in the very times of the Apostles themselves. . c,, , , , II. The second thing to be observed is the way in which Paul tells his hearers to provide against the danger. Does he promise them that the primi tive or early Church shall be safe from it? that no inroadB of error will take place for the first three or four hundred years ? On the contrary, he speaks of the danger as close at hand. Or does he toll them that they will find their safety in apostolic succession ? that it is miraculously provided that no teacher shall ever mislead them, who has but been regularly ordained by himself, or by those appointed by him to succeed him in the office of ordaining ? On the con trary, ho warns the elders that even from the midst of their own body— of their own- selves— will arise men teaching perverted Gospel, to draw away the dis ciples after them. Or again, doeB he tell tbem: that when any point of doubt and , dificulty arises, they are to find - safely in applying to Peter, and to those who shall be divinely appointed from time to time as his suc cessors and representatives, for decisions and directions that cannot be wrong? Not a word is said of any Apostle but himself ; or of any one who should suc ceed him in the apoBtolic office. To him self, during his life, they would naturally apply by letter, if opportunity offered, for directions in any case of doubt that might arise. But not even any Apostle — much less any successor of an Apostle — is mentioned by Paul as the infallible guide, whom, after his own death, they were to consult. Or does he bid them resort to some central Church — whether at Jerusalem, or at Rome, or at Byzantium — and seek there for infallible guidance ? Or does he direct them to summon a general council, or assembly of all Chris tians, and refer every question that may arise to the decision of a majority of its votes; with a full assurance that these should be so supernaturally overruled by the Holy Spirit as to secure them from the possibility of mistake ? No : he makes no allusion whatever to any other Church or prelate; to any successor of Peter, or of the other Apostles ; or to any infallible council, as their guide. But he tells them to take heed to themselves, and to the flock they are set over; he tells tliem to "watch" ; and he exhorts them to remember his own earnest wishes to them. Now, if there had been provided by the Most High any such safeguard as has been alluded to — if Paul had known of any order of men, any bishop or arch bishop, any particular Church, or general council, designed by Providence as an in fallible guide, and a sure remedy against errors and corruptions, would he not have been sure, on such an occasion as this, to give notice of it ? If, when he foresaw the peril of the Church, like that of a Bhip in a dangerous storm, he had known of a safe port, just at hand, and easily entered, is it to be believed that he would never have alluded to it, but have left his hearers exposed to the storms ? Would he have been, in that case, " pure " — as he declares he was — " from the blood of all men ?" Can any one seriously think, that against the dangers which he had been warning them of, and weeping over, for three years, he knew of a complete safeguard, and yet was so wanting in his duty — so carelesB of their well-being — as never to make the slightest mention of anything of the kind ? To suppose this would be to suppose him destitute not only of all faithfulness in his high office, but of common prudence and good sense. But it may be said, have we not in the Bible the promise of the Lord JeBUS to his Apostles and all his true ministers, " Lo ! I am with you always, even unto the end of the world " ? Is not that a promise that he will always give them an infallible guide ? With respect to the meaning of that promise, one thing at any rate must be perfectly plain, that it could not refer to anything either unknown to Paul, or kept back by him from his hearers. We can not for a moment think that the Saviour, if he had provided such an infallible guide as we have been describing, would have left his. faithful and inspired servant, Paul, ignorant of it ; especially at so im portant a time. And we have the Apostle's own solemn assurance to the ministers whom he was addressing on that occasion, that he had not kept back anything of all that he knew that it was for their benefit to learn : and this was no less than the whole counsel and design of God. " I take you to record this day that I am pure from the blood of all men. Por I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God. Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with Mb own blood. Por I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own Belves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them. There fore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one, night and day, with tears." Prom all this we may learn, among other things, how great is ' the mistake of those who are satisfied if they can trace up to a very early period— to what they call the primitive Church— some doctrine or practice not found in God s Holy Word; and they, consider this,, as showing God's approbation of what may have been, after all, one of the -perverse things " introduced by false teachers, and against which Paul so ear nestly warned the elders. III. The third point to be observed is, that the exposure of Christians to these dangers, and the call upon them, both ministers and laity, for the continued ex ercise of watchful caution, is far from ap pearing to be either what we would wish, or what we would think probable in a revelation from God. It is opposed both to men's feelings and to their expectations. To examine again and again — to think and consider — to hesitate and to make up one's mind cautiously — to be always ready to hear anything fair that can be said — and to acknowledge that, after all, we may be mistaken: all this is, on many accounts, contrary to men's natural inclinations. Some have no confidence in their own judgment, and are therefore afraid of being left in any way to its guidance ; some are so proud that they cannot bear to acknow ledge themselves in doubt or uncertainty ; some are so indolent that they do not like the trouble of thinking and deciding ; some wish to escape the anxious cares connected with such a state, and cannot bear to be in the least degree of uncer tainty. And hence there is a strong pre judice or feeling beforehand in favour of any system which promises to put an end to the work of inquiry at once and for ever, and to relieve ub from all embarras sing doubt and uncomfortable self-dis trust. And this is done, either by setting forth the authority of an infallible Church, which is to mark out, on every point, what we are to believe and to do ; thus relieving us from all trouble and anxiety, and from all necessity of acting on tne Apostle's warning to " take heed to our selves or, again, by putting in place of such a Church immediate inspiration from heaven, whether bestowed on each indi vidual who belongs to a certain sect or party, or on some highly-gifted leader, who will communicate to his followers the messages he receives from heaven. Widely different, in many points, as these sects, and parties, and churches are from each other, they all agree in the one funda mental point just noticed. They all ad dress themselves to that powerful prin ciple in human nature already noticed, the craving for infallibility in religious matters. It is true that hardly any one is found who in words claims or expects to be personally infallible ; still we may truly say, that there is in human nature a craving for infallibility ; because it is perfectly evident, that he who is infallibly guided is himself infallible. If his decisions on each point agree exactly with those of an authority which cannot be mistaken, then it is quite obvious that his decisions must be infallibly right. But this, though self-evident as soon as stated, is some times lost sight of in practice : a man will speak of himself as being fallible — that is, liable to make mistakes, and as having no expectation of being otherwise. But if he be quite certain that he has an infallible guide to whom he can always apply, and whom he constantly and accurately follows, bis meaning must be, that he would be fallible if left to himself. But actually and practically he does consider himself infallible. Though the sun-dial has no power in itself to show the hour, yet, when the sun shines upon it, the motions of its shadow must be as correct as those of the sun's rays which it follows. And, in like manner, he is infallible, practically, in his belief, who always believes exactly what an infallible church or leader believes. This craving, then, for infallibility, in clines men beforehand to receive the pre tensions, either of a supposed infallible Church, or of those who claim or who promise immediate inspiration. And, accordingly, some persons waver for a time between . these two kinds of preten sions, and at last give in to the one or to the other. And, again, we may find per sons changing from the one to the other, and sometimes thus changing more than once; and it might be added, that one may find instances of the same individual, himself unchanged, exposed to Bevere blame, at different times, not only from different persons, but even from the same; first for refusing to join the. one party, and. afterwards for refusing to join the _ other most opposed to it ; both parties, much as they are opposed to each other, still always clinging to . the confi dent expectation of finding that infalli- bility above spoken of. They are in quiring only after a way of freeing them selves from the trouble of all further in- ; Their care is only to relieve them selves, in the end, from all further need of watchful care. They are like men in a ship, searching for a perfectly Bafe har bour, in which the helm may be aban doned, and the ship left to ride securely, without any need of watching the winds and currents, and of looking out for rocks and shoals. They hope to obtain, in all ages of the Church, that freedom from all need of .watchful, circumspection, which was not granted even in the age of the Apostles ; for we find that even when there were these infallible guides on earth, Christians are perpetually warned of the danger of mistaking " false Apostles " for true. (To be continued.) Rubles or Garnets. — A recent London telegram says that the expert, Herr Von Senden, reports that the stones from the Macdonald Ranges, South Australia, submitted to him to be tested, are not rubies, and are unsaleable. There is something very extra ordinary about the oonflioting reports received about the Sonth Australian stones sent home as specimens. Report after report has been sent out that the stones are rubies of extra ordinary hardness and colour. On the other hand, there are reports such as the above, that they are not rubies, butgarnets. The con tradictions are the more curious in that the compositions of rubies and garnets are so different, that an analytical chemist should be able to decide with certainty, by sacrificing one small stone in testing it. There is one report which bears an appearance of credi bility, which has come out, and that is that the stones occupy a peculiar position between garnets and rubies. That they are harder than garnets, and infusible under a heat that will fuse those stones, and that they will pro bably make a market by their own merits. At a dinner given in Adelaide, on the 10th instant, by Mr. Withal, who recently returned from London, that gentleman said that the syndicate formed in London was not only taking over the Macdonnell Range ruby pro perty but was also establishing agencies, and organising an exploration party for Central Australia. The gentleman composing it must therefore have had faith in the stones being valuable. Professor Pearson has also sent glowing reports of the reception the stones met from European experts ; and it is said that Messrs. Streeter are prepared to pur chase any quantity of them. There seems to be no doubt about the merits of the stones, in the colour and hardness ; and if there be suoh an unaocountable difficulty in experienced experts deoiding whether they be really rubies or not, it seems to outsiders that it should not matter by what name the gems were called. If in colour, brilliancy, and hardness, they cannot be distinguished from the best quality of rubips, why Bhould they not be aB valuable, notwithstanding that their com positions may differ ? Yet there seemB to be so mnoh in a name, that these Central Australian stones will be extremely valuable or " unsale able," according as they are called " rubies " or by some other term. On the authority of an analytical chemist in Sydney, we believe that the stones-are garnets in reality. The gentle man in question is well qualified to judge, and he pronounced them to be garnets as soon sb he saw specimens of the stones, before the various conflicting reports appeared from Lon don. Of course it is possible that there may be a mixture of both rubies and garnets among the stones sent home ; and that might acoount for the conflicting reports of experts. It has also to be taken into consideration that there is so much jobbery connected with mining speculations of all sorts, that it is quite conceivable that the value of the stones might- be depreciated by a ring of speculators, for ulterior ends. Election of Mr. David Buchanan. — The Central Cumberland eleotion resulted in the return of Mr. David Buchanan (Protestant), who polled 1222 votes, against 954 polled by Mr. G. T. Simpson, and 345 by Mr. T. W. Taylor, both freetraders. Very little'interest was taken in the election, only 2597 votes being polled out of 9005 electors ; and of that number no less than 76 were informal. The protectionists voted for Mr. Buchanan, and worked for him; and curious to say, he, though a strong Pro testant, on that account received the Roman Catholic vote ; though the electors of that persuasion were rather half-hearted over the election, as well as the others. The freetrade Association decided that it could not support either Mr. Simpson (Ministerialist), or Mr. Taylor (Independent), and that was Mr. Simp sons death-knell. If it had taken him up he might have polled the 269 votes required to place him above Mr. Buchanan ; as it was, if Mr. Taylor had retired as he ought, the- con test would have been excitingly close. Central Cumberland has now experienced four elections, from the advent of the present Parliament, and the electors are tired of them, and the majority could not be persuaded- to take an interest in the election, or vote. Mr. Buchanan haB been so often in Parliament before that he iB well known to the people of the colony. In addressing the electorates after his eleotion he delivered a tirade, in the strong language he is master of, against the Government, and Sir Henry Parkes, towards whom it is well known that he has a personal antipathy, and he gave what he said were the " reasons why he was so embittered againBt this Government." And said that " a bitter opponent of Sir Henry Parkes and bis Government, had been returned." Mr. Simpson in attempting to -speak was greeted with such a noise of groaning and answering oheers that his voice was drowned. The casting of the Roman Catholic vote for Mr. Buchanan is a most remarkable thing, for that gentleman, has always been hated by that church for hiB plain Bpeaking, in the Fifzpatrick scandal case, and in other cases where he has opposed the will of that domineering church. Without that vote he could not have got in ; and imagining that in the absence of another candidate, such of the vote as was caBt would go to Mr. Taylor, we thought it possible that Mr. Simpson possibly might head Mr Buchanan. However, though no doubt many Romanists threw away their votes on _Mr. Taylor, and many refrained from voting, with many other electors, yet a larger percentage of their votes were cast than was the case among the electors of other per suasions. and had therefore a very telling effect. The voting at Prospect Camp, where Irish Roman Catholic navvies are congregated in numbers, give a sample of the effect of the Roman vote. There Buchanan polled 108, Taylor, 22, and Simpson 17. At Hunter's Hill whore the ,monks who have the R. 0. Sohools come down and vote in a body, the Bame feature is observable. Buchanan got 49 votes, against only 7 for Simpson, and 6 for Taylor. A large number of the gentry and other residents of that suburb always vote in the city, and there Simpson beat Buchanan by 190 to 166 ; while Taylor only got 20 votes. Singular as is the circumstance of the Roman Catholics supporting Mr. Buchanan, wbom they hate, yet it is easily understood ; for they hate Parkes even more, and would vote for even an incarnate fiend, provided he would help to oust Sir Henry Parkes and his party. We believe that Mr. Buchanan understands as well as we do how little he has to thank them for, and how. little they love him, notwithstanding that peculiar circumstances caused the "faithful" to support him in this eleotion. Chinese Superstition. — The Chinese (says the Evening News) attach great value to their almanac. Recently the Chinese residents at Lbassa, in Thibit, implored the Emperor to cause arrangements to be made which would enable them to receive their copies of the almanac at the earliest possible date in eaoh year. A writer in a recent issue of the Chinese Recorder says that the most important book to the Chinese is the almanao. Its space is far too important to be occupied with the matter whioh fills Western almanaoB. It contains astronomical information whioh is useful ; but its great mission is to give fnll and accurate information for selecting luoky places for performing all the aots, great and small, of every-day life. " And as every act of life, however trivial, depends for its success on the time in which, and the direction (i.e., the point of the compass) to wards whioh it is done, it is of the utmost importance that everyone Bhonld have correct information available at all times to enable him to so order his life as to avoid bad luok and oalamity, and secure good luok and pros perity. Consequently the almanao is, per haps, the most universally circulated book in China." The writer speaks of it as a terrible yoke of bondage. It is issued by the govern ment, and the Bale of all almanacs but the authorised one is prohibited. Quite recently the new Chinese Minister to Germany refused to sail for his post on a day whioh the almanac deolared to be unlucky, and the ; departure of the German mail steamer was , consequently deferred at the request of the German Minister to Pekin. The Funeral of the Late Rev. A . H. Mackonochie. — Writing of the funeral of the late notorious Romanising ritualist Rev. A. H. Maokonochie, who- was found frozen to death in snow, the " Belfast Witness " says : — There are circum stances connected with the melancholy death and funeral of the Rev. A. H. Maokonochie that ooncern us all to notice. First of all, we learn from the Scotch papers that after the. body, was found, and brought to the Bishop of Argyle's chapel, it was dressed in Euohar- istio garments — whatever they may be — and1 surmounted with burning tapers, and there after the Bishop chanted the prayers for the dead. Then when the body was brought for burial to London, we learn, on the authority of the " Church Times," and other London papers, that the vicar of the ohurch and the clergy and sisters met the bier, headed by a crucifix, that Mass was immediately Baid ; that on the day of the funeral the hearse was preceded by a number of Protestant clergy- men, wearing their surplices and birettas, and chanting prayers for tne repose of the soul' of the deceased. This strange procession passed through the Strand and several other of the leading thoroughfares of London, being witnessed by thousands of spectators. Before the funeral a " Requiem Mass " wbb cele brated in the church of whioh the R9v. Mr. Maokonochie had oharge, and about three hundred sisters of some sisterhood were present, and joined in the ceremonies. As Protestants, we feel siok at heart to read and to record these anti-Protestant — these thoroughly pronounced Romish ceremonies. Is England asleep ? Are the Bishops of our Protestant Ohurch asleep ? Do they not yet know what the Mass means? Do they not yet know what Froude tells them, that in days gone by, but which are fast returning, where the Mass bore undisputed sway, the scaffold and the stake followed it most closely ? Mixed Marriages.— Some months ago we ( N.Z. Ensign ) drew attention to the fact that the Roman Catholic Church requires a Protestant woman when marrying a Catholic to make an engagement to train her children in the faith of the Roman Church, and at the same time we commented on the fact that the Archbishop of Montreal had issued a decree forbidding mixed marriages in his arch-diocese, because he had found that those Protestant women could never be compelled to carry out their promise. The following paragraph may throw some light on the action of the Church official in thus prohibiting the marriage of Roman Catholics with Protestants : — " The Kuryer Poznanslci, a Polish Catholic paper, says that the percen tage of mixed marriages to the total number rose from 1402 in the province of Posen to 1737 in that of West Prussia, and to 2629 in Silesia ; so that the proportion increases as the provinces become 'Germanised.' The most alarming fact is that, generally in the eoond generation, and always in the third beneration. the children of mixed marriages " eoome Protestants." 