RBOENT DISCOVERIES IN PATA- GONIA. (Sí. Jama' Gazette.) j Never was there such a misnomer for any land BB that which Magellan gave ' to the group of islands whose intricate ' channels render navigation so dangerous in the seas of South America. Every night, as he passed its northern shore, his attention was attracted by small fires along the channels-fires which he supposed were in some mysterious way a characteristic of the country. They were only the signal fires of the natives but they gained for the archipelago the name which has stuck to it-Tierra del Fuego. A little more fire and a little less water would be the making of tbe region. From Magellan's days to our own, if we can trust the results of recent ex- ploration, the most erroneous concep- tions have prevailed as to the real character of Tierra del Fuego. Its shores have bad many visitors, but until the last year or two its interior was practically unknown. Darwin's de- scriptions of land and people will be re- membered by all who have read bis " Voyage of the Beagle." According to i him, the one was the most inhospitable and the other the most degraded to lie found on the face of the earth. With his characteristic candour, however, Darwin admitted afterwards that he was mistakeu as to the people, and atoned for his mistake by subscribing to the South American Mis- sionary Society. One of the missionaries of this society, Mr. Brydges, has done something to correct the prevailing erroneous impression. He bas lived and worked in Tierra del Fuego for many years, and knows the country and people well. By a recent arrangement with Chili, the Argentine Republic has had ber claim recognised to the eastern portion of the great island around which tbe others are grouped, and she bas lost no time in taking means to ascertain the value of her possession. During the past year, Don Ramon Lista has been exploring the interior of the island with unexpected rssults ; and his conclusions are confirmed by the re- searches of other recent explorers, in- cluding the late Lieutenant Bové, of the Italian navy, and Mr. JuliuB Popper, the agent of a mining company. The popular conception of the country must now be seriously modified, and we shall endeavour to Btate briefly in what respects. As the archipelago has an area of 80,000 square miles, and extends 350 miles from east to west and 228 from north to south, it has considerable variety of climate and feature. The recent explorations were chiefly io the main island, and its Argentine section in particular. The country, instead of being a mountain of eternal snow, as Darwin says, is exceedingly varied, presenting almost every diversity of surface-high moun- tains, deep valleys, rolling table-lands, fertile plains, numerous lakes, and fre- quent watercourses. Occupying a large portion of the extreme north (the part hitherto seen by most navigators), and extending from one extremity to the other of the straits, are continuous chains of mountains sometimes running into peaks several thousand feet high. These mountains form an impassable barrier from the north, their summits covered with perpetual snow, and their sides covered with impenetrable forests. In all likelihood, however, passes will be found. Adjacent to these mountains OD the south is a wide belt of high and rather barren plain, running the entire width of the island. Then succeed lofty table lands, quite covered with forests. South of this is another chain of sierras ; and still further sonth the country opens into an extensive plain, which occupies all the central portion of the island, and is quite destitute of trees, except small patches here and there of hardwood and shrubs. The plain is covered with au abundance of rich grasses, which in some parts are reported to be well suited for both cattle) and sheep, especially tho former. The extreme south portion is also mountainous, some of the peaks being volcanic, with numerous glaciers and dense forests. Referring especially to the eastern portion of the large island, Don Ramon Lista saya that it presents two aspects. From Cape Holy Ghost to Cape Penos there are valleys more or less extensive, covered with splendid groves and irrigated by larrçe rivers soraeof them navigable. "This region enjoyB an agreeable temperature, with very little snow during winter. South of this the appearance of the country changes, and large forests appear, where the grass is not so abundant nor the rivers so large. The face of the country here is some- thing like that of Switzerland, with small lakes, elevated mountains, and valuable timber forests." The geological formation of Tierra del Fuego exactly corresponds to that of Patagonia. The mountains, broken and disjointed by the convulsions of nature, with wide seas now running where they have been depressed, are but the con- tinuation and southern extremity of the Andes ; while the plains and uplands partake of the same geological char- acteristics as those which distinguish the Patagonian steppes. Ju some parts the formation is decidedly volcanic. Gold has been found, but whether it will ever par remains to be ascertained. With regard to the climate, we arc still in want of adequate information. Though far from being un ideal climate, j it seems to be not so bad as it has boen < painted. Leaving the extreme south ! out of account, excessive moisture seems to bo th« main drawback, especially in winter. The thfiniometer never tjoiis far below freezing point ; but on tho other hand, it never rises very high in summer. In fact, from all wu can Kirn, it iü not unlike the clhoateof Orkney, and the want of a continuous hot summer appears to be inimical to nny ¡¡reat agricultural development. At V'shvin, however, on the south 6ide of the i slant), in Doagle Channel, win r : Mr Brydj-es resides, destructive frosts hnvo been known to occur in almost every month of the year, and snowstorms in the very middle of summer. Through- out the northern portion, undera much higher temperature, the various grasses are said to grow very luxuriantly, and potatoes, beans, peas, and almost all the common vegetables reach great perfec- tion. In all the pampa or prairie region there is a great abundance of sweet grasses, and many fruit producing shrubs and vines. Mr. Brydges states that wild strawberries, wild raspberries, wild gooseberries, and wild grapes grow all over the country, and attain an immense size. The forests contain but five kinds of trees, three of which are species of beech, and the other two are winter bark, resembling the magnolia, and a species of cypress peculiar to the country. Of shrulis there is a consider- able variety. While there are probably few streams in the country of sufficient size for navigation, there is a large num- ber of small river and watercourses, which assist to irrigate the lower plains. It is with the people as with the country : they are not nearly such de- graded savages as they have been thought. From their elaborate language and extensive vocabulary, Max Muller believes that they most have de- generated from a much higher con- dition. The truth is there are two distinct peoples in Tierra del Fuego-one tall and well built, the other short ; and this accounts for the incon- sistent statements which have been made about the Fuegians. There are the northern Fuegians, or Onus, and the southern, or Yahgans ; and Mr. Brydges maintains that the great differences be tween them arise from their differing surroundings and very diffèrent modes of life. The Ona«, of whoo* very few remain, are a large, active, well-formed, muscular people ; while the Yabgans in their wild state are described as " the most miserable specimens of humanity that can be found in the western hemis- phere." Yet Mr. Brydges, who has worked among them for years, bas had great success amongst them, though he finds it slow work to raise them above their own degraded notions of morality. Such is the new aspect in which this Land of Fire is presented to us. The Argentine Government are so impressed with the value of the country that a Governor bas been appointed, and great efforts are being made to attract colonists. Should gold be found in any quantity, no doubt people will rusk to it as usual; but, as a country for per- manent settlement and colonisation, even at its best it can hardly be com- pared with the immense areas which the Argentine Government has to dispose of OD tbe mainland. Meantime, let us re- joice that one more error can be elimi- nated from those storehouses of mis- statement, gazetteers and geographical text-bookB. 