"lovdist. FRIENDS; on A DOUBLE T21IIA1. *- B13 J. L. N. CIIAIFTER VI.-(Coxcl.vDED). "Only one," she answered with her sweet rYie dowrcast. .3 " "Only one !" hlie eid, with a most unwar nontble stab of jraioosy. "Ifappy man I And you love-b-at cf course, that is a most uncalled for question ; ync wculd scarcely Lins him unless you loved him, I think,Doro. thy ?'" "1 certainly ebould not. I am devoted to hmn," wae the dear reply. "And is he worthy of your alTeltion ? Is he as good ard as grateful as he ought to be Ior the pore young heart be has won ?" The speaker's face had btcome very grave, rad his tones grew earnCet. Dorothb)' fitures were moved a little. " He is the noblest and. best man upon arnb- save cue." The last words were almost inaudible. "He is devoted to you, 1)rothy, I should imagine '' " Can you imagine.any one devoted to me. low funny-I can't, except this man. Yee, he is, of course." "And is not hie devotion allyou want 2" 'For the preeunt--yeF." The low tones were trembling a little. "For the present? Child, I don't quite naderetand. If you aze meaning to give ycur life into this mar,'s eeping, as I gather henm your words, his love must be able to fill more than your present- it must stretch over d satisfy your future ; it must be all in all to you. Dorothy, you are very young." "As you know, that is a subject that I don:t aore to hear mentioned," she said, do mtrely. "Don't joke. And I am very old- old enough to be your father little one," he went an with a hitter-smile. "Still lcs do I care for these invidious compariEons." 'You have had no oxperience of life, while I havr had-" t"Too muoh. Is that what you were going to say " aoe laughed. "I might say it-in a sense. I have had enough at anyeato, to make my advice worth having," he answered. "What advice are you going to give me, ?r. Berthon ? Notto give up this man 1 have lsEt told you I am devoted to 1 I shall not do that, I neeassure you." "I should not be fool enough to oi? it of YOU. I only csk you to look well into your oen heart before you-" "How do you know I have got a heart?" ohe smiled with such bewitching ewtetness that he could not resent the interruption. " I don't think it bha entirely elipt from oUen kte,.ing, Derothy." "At, tt 1 kuow that it has," she mur. mooed involuntarily, He loked at her ; the quick, warm flueh, the Petty confusion, told him more than her wyorda hbad doue. "In that cae I can only hope you may be too happy even to misne it," he said; gently, oning away loom the piano, and moving toward the door. hDoroth followed and laid her hand upon H"ave yen no onrioeity to know who this 'happy man' as you term him is ?' she questioned, with some little pique in her tones. "If yea like to confide in me eo far,".be aid, stiffly. "He is the handsomnst, kindest, truest, tGeat?t, dearest, cleverest man upon earth, y ou know, except one." .I nly woPder you make the one excep tin," he remarked. Goes who it is. You know him," she said, ooaxiongly. "h know him I know so few of yoor lends, Do:otbhy." "Nevertheless, you know my best one," "You do not mean Ted ?" he questioned, t iae fe luthing as he apoke. The color roe beautifully to the lace of the girl. ,"Ted No, I should think not, indeed. Ion might know that from the rage I was in With him just new." "Then lam at a los." "Oh, 'r. J erlhop, pardon me if I say yo are ?tIpid, Y h-"I are with yon;i but upon my word I here not seen you givitg rny marked en. 0geUrag to Eny ne, s;nce I crme uPon the otreca here, Dorothy . ; ."; "Ah my love or him dates farthe baok I than that," she said, softly. "Mr. BeXthon, othe handaomet, kindest, truest, deareet ou era following my adjectives "' "Forthe third time of hearing," he an. 'Lare-.iea an upon earth is my father. Oh, fancy you being so obtuee." Alt the p?-tup merriment that had agi. !ated the giri's features at times tippled forth an a gay peal of laughter that was joined in by ls rthon who feit a sudden lie?tneea of heart that *might have made him a wiser man had he taken time and care to analyse "Dorothy. you are a little witbh." "Thank you very much," she said, with a coek cour:esy. "Dot now, having oalved one mystery, I want to know who is the honnrable eccep. tion you rpele of jait now," BDrthon asked suddenly, with one hand on tha girl's shoulder and his grave eyes on tcrs. " The noblest man upon earth save one, you eaid, yon E-no. You could not have meant your mothe2l" Dlrothy colored crimson. o I mean* my bean ideal," she replied, loo;ing'at him defiantly. "What is he like; Dorothy ?" "Elveryhieg that is noble and true and grand and gerat," she answered, without a mome;t's h-itation,thou h with aconfusion in which no laughter lurked now. ."Does he cxist out of your own estima tion r" "Yen-no--yes. I am tired of the con fcErional. LIZ ns amnee ourselves in some other way now, Mr. Berthon,"the girl cried, in her quick, impuloiva faahion. " I should lire to fathom this mystery first; it is deeper than the other." "It is so deep that you won't get at it. I have the strength of mind to keep a secret, as yon will find." "Dorothy, the horscs are ready," an nonnced Ted, entering the room with a good deal of statelidea of manner which suited his large slyle very welL " 'hat are they ready for?" asked thogirl, abruptiy. "You aektd me at luncheon to have a ride with you about five o'clock." " Well, now, I don't want to ride with yon; in fact, I'm not going to," was the childish retort. " As you plee. Shall I order the horzes back then," he said, carelessly. - " Unless ysu-prefer to keep them standing t thedcor." ' 'Dorothy, Jyo onght to have a tide this lovely afternoon," said Michael. " Will you come with me?' the girl asked, quickly. "We could have euch a lovely ride, Mr.B.etbon." "If I had a horse here." "Take mine," said Ted, atretceing himself upon the cola. " Dorothy, you are going to have some tea, aren't you? Suppose you ring for it before you go up to put on your habit, there's a ocod child." ire. Shiadwell entered wills the pretty little tea-stevice, and her approbation of the riding arrangeneut was marked. " It is good of you to take her, Michael," eho said, loaking at him gratefully. "Ilike the child to have a ride every day; but, of cource, shb can't go alone." "And I count for nobody, I suppose," grumbled Ted from his sofa. " You are too eratlic to count for much," laughed Dorothy the lder, ': one day taking out Dorothy-t- e next day you would be en greosed with some other young lady." Mrs. Shadwell was proving herself a per. fect diplomatist. "Take care o! her, Michael, and make her obey'you implicitly," Mrs. Shadwcll said, as she came cut on the eteps to ece them ncunt. " Which is what I have not succeeded in icing," laughed Ted. Dorothy's eyes met his coldly and clearly for an instante a he ttood by her aide arzanl ing he? etirrup. "1 shou'.d think not indeed, yet, nor ever," she said, with much Ecorn, and the young men latugbcd and kiseed his hand au she rode off. Tticy had, as tihe girl'had prophesied, a lo- vey iide, down, the sweett.'wer-briehtencd laces, over tLe hedges and across the green, cool meadows, then home byT the narrow bidic path through the woods. Dcrtthy loolkd her best, as do most girls, upon hcreebsck, the pretty rounded figure in it: perfectly litting habit Eweaed easily with sech movement of the horse, the swilt motion through the air trightened h bluo eyes nd her very fair coVnlcexio wbile the cx:rcise and enjoyment raiEd her .pirits and she chatted and laughFd and listened. A very delightful companion, in truth, Dorothy was not only a prettier but a more clever girl than her mother had been; she could enter into deeper and more varied subjects of conversaticn than Mrs. Shadwell had beun Wont to do, and that most ifecina ting of all gifts, rfady, intuitive sympathy, was hers to perltction. Well educated, well eend, natutally eager to gather up knowledge and capallo of remembering what would escape many womcn'e memories, she was not only a pretty plaything, a fascinating gill, but an interesting compan:on to a man of Berthon's age and experience. Whcn they reached home again after three hours wanderings, ha thought they had been gone but one ; and Mrs. Sbadwell almost betrayed herself in her joy when they both entered the room just as the kept-back dinner was finished, and mutually exclaimed at the incredible lateness of the hour. She said to her husband that evening in strict pri vacy, " Dorothy will be the happiest girl in the world soon now, dear, as happy as I was when-you remember that summnier evening," turning to him with'a look of love that eih teen years had failkd to dim. SCHAPTEP. VII. " Come here a minute; I want to speak to you, Dorothby," aid Tr'?d, peremptorily, put. tinsg Li hand upon'Dorothy's arm. " Come here, round the garden." It war the day after he had offended her, and the girl had been very cool and distant to him as thry played tennis all the afternoon, until at last, the game being ended, he sud denly took matters into his own hands in this way, "What do you want to say-anything par tinular 2" asked the gill, with a ewilt look around. His enewer was not audible to anyone but himeelf, but Dorothy yielded to the hand on her annm. and went slowly by his side. Some twenty mionutsca latr, pcrhap, and with no thought of eepying, Michael .crthon, witha pips between his lips, sauntered on in a contrary direction to the one they had taken and came suddenly upon the two stand ing close together beneath a tree in the abrub. bcry, talking so earnestly that they did not perceive his approach. poroehy ihed something in her hand at which she gazed admiringly, and Michael'a Iar.sighted eye saw that it wae a handeomo gold locket set with glcaming stones, with eomething dark inside like apieture. SOh, Ted, it is lovely 1" the girl cried, raptorously, as shOe claped it and slipped it iuto her pocket. "And the lienesa is splen did, too lattering of yon-that is the only thing," with her low, gay lnangh. "I don't think that," returned Ted with conViatloe. " You arevery eoneited. However, thank you very much. Now, 1 eIally think you do "It mean every word I esay on this eub. jct, Dorothy," oaid Ted; with as.udden ear nesines his brother had never heard in his caReles voice before. " My dear little girl, believe mc,.if ever a man loved a woman deeply, truly-- h . 8Ut hbe Zigheel's shadow fell acrosa them , ' *.'* *.---^--«^. and both started and locked up. Dorothy 1 colored; Ted laughedeasily. :; ! "Have yon got any bhecy there, old man " he asked, drawing-out his pipe and turning to his brother. But Dorothy, with one hand in her pocket in a pretty, childish way, gave a quick glance into Barthon's face-una:countably it had grown grave and stern-turned and flitted away from them without a word. Left to themselves the brothers strolled Smoking roundthegarden. Though he strove to think nothing ouit the pieture he had seen haunted Berthon-the handsome man with his earnest expression beuding over the fair, listening girl. Tedwas not given to earnest ness about nothing. Yet if a meaning there were to the scene he had beheld, Bsrthon could take his oath that Harry Shadwell and his wife were ignorant of it; and surely Dorothy was too ingenuous, too sweetly trans parent, to be suspected of hiding a love secret from her parents. It could not mean that, Michael told himself over and over again as he noted Dorothy's off- hand, easy manner to his brother, and his careless disregard of her at times, yet, until its meaning were proved that picture beneath the trees haunted his peace of mind. The summer went on, and at last a monster picnia took place in the woods by thbo river, at some little distance from the Becahes. The world and his wife were there, crowding up the sunlit stream in boats, chatting and flrting'and making merry with much noise, if not thorough enjoyment. "What is the matter, Mr. Berthon ? Yan look as it you had seen a ghost," Dorothy's laughing voice asked, as the boats were un lading their gay frcight under the welcome shade of the trees. "Wocrse," he replied. "Dorothy, tell me if that lady is married or no 7" Dorothy followed the direction of his eyes toward a tall, dark, and decidedly dashbing lady, whose dress was the youngest thing about her, and she herself, perhaps, the most striking form visible in the crowd. " No, sheian't; she is a Miss Claridge, I think," she replied. "1 knew it," groaned Berthon. "Dorothy, if yon see her making a set at me, come to my side, there is a dear." He had just time to utter the words when Theo Claridge espied his tall form and ap proached him. "Oh, you delightful, wicked M[r. Berthon, never to let us have an idea that you were not baking in India yet I Dorothy never told me; but then Dorothy has been a perfect fiend of.n friend of late ;tphe has never an ewered my last six letters. What do you think of that ?" "Ladies' friendships are alway evanescent, are they not 1" the tall, bronzed man who had faced tigers in their jungle without a musale moving, but who fele all his courage deserting him now, responded weakly. " Mine arc not, I remember every woman friend that I ever had, and every man friend, too. I have not forgotten those charming weeks we spent together at The Beeches," lowering her voice'entimenlally and raising her eyes in a manner that increased his ter. ror. " Six or eight-how many years ago?" " Sixteen. We are getting old, Miss Cla rioge," he responded, promptly. '" You barbarian, to hint' at such a thing. A man is never older than hltlikes,you know, and a woman is never older than abhe looks. How old do you think I look now ?" she smilea, bringing the full array of her charms before him suddenly. " I never guessed a woman's age correctly in my life." " Ah, non-committal, I see," shaking a finger of her long glove at him archly. " Novcr mind, come and sit here by me-yea, there is plenty of room, really-and leot us tall; over those sweet old' days. So you never got captivated in India all those years? ' Never; In am quite impregnable," he an. swered, modestly. "Ah, don't you boast anything so on. masculine you arc just on the point of sur. render, I ehould say, from that secure de mneanor. Very likely today may seal your late," said Mlisa Claridge with a loud laugh. "I hoFe n?t I" he answered with an un feigned snudder. '" Mr. Berthcn, will you come and help me spread this table cloth ?" asked kindly I)oro. thy, eomirg up. '" Forward little chit," pronouneed Miss Claridgr, but halt s't:o 'oc. ' I will come too, I may as well he uselul as ornamental," she added alcu1, rising to her feet and tripping by M:ohacl's side. Teco en iaridfe, as time went on, had beo come discontented with her name. Twice during Berthon's stay abroad she had been engaged to chacge it, bat each time, through auome little thing-probably the very sharp temper for which tue grew more and more famed as she grew older-the engagement had fallen through and left her .Iisa Ctaridge, still. When she saw fMsichlael Brthoen, hand. some, stately and fascinating as ct yoae, she suddenly telt aseured that esa had loved him deeply in those bygone days, and that hers was a heart that could never forget. " Why has he remained single all these years 1" she askled herself. " Surely he, too, cared more than either of us knew in those young andfoolish days." The only drawback was that biss Claridge was only in that neighborhood for the day. She had coma down from London with some friends for this picnic, and no hint that she could think of would make her former friend, Mrs. Shadwell, give her an in vitation. "Since Theo has become so loud and fast, the less 1see of her the better." Dorothy said to her husband. With the unceremonious ease which was her way Miss Claridge said, " I engage you, Mr. Berthon, to show me the beauties of these woods after luncheon. I expect you know them all thoroughly; how many dozens of picnics' have you flirted at here, I wonder I" with an arch glance andkilt ling smile. " They are so altered since my time," said the man haatily.2 " really know nothing about them, Mies Claridge." "Oh, that is still more charming, then, we will explore themTogether," replied the lady, helping herself to leobater salad. "I believe--ah, I have prcmnised to be at Miss Shadwell's command this afternoon," he said hurriedly. "Ah, then nhe must come with us, How the child has.grown;" returned Theoe, on. descendingly. "Nicea looking, do yon think her I Just girlish and unmeaning, isn't abshe I know you like a face with some character in it, Mr. Dercthc; sah, I rememberyour tastes ao well!" ' You are too flattering." "I sh'euld think so, indeed," with a tap from her fan. " I ahouldn't think a man ever thought anything said to him too lattering. Oh, I know the conceited rues you are too well. Now I sec a move is beginning; shall we stroll a littlle way in tbls direction? I don't mind whioh, in thile least. Have you got your piple? 'erhsps if you are very, Ivery agreeable I will ill it for you presently." " 1 will just ask Shadwell's advice; he knowa the bearing of this plaeo," said Bertho, hurriedly moving, Then luck-favored him; as he readiched his friend, a tree hid him from Miss Claridge's bold, black eyes, and Dorothy Shadwcll was standing by her lather's side. "Do you want mu, Mr. - Ierthon 7" she asked, brightly. "t thought you looked ap. pnaliog five minutes ago over Miee Claridsn's head." "Have a care what you are doing with that woman, or you will be Ihooked to a eer. tainty," said Shadwell. " She is a most in. Peterate huntress, now her chances are small, you know, and you are an eligible party; you should never lose remembranea of that, my deer fellow." " i am a refugee now," laughed Derthon, "Hanry, you know this plaee, which path is the most inaccessible for an over iflated orinoletto and a pair of tight-un doubtedly they are awful tight-hihbheoled shoes T' 1 ii 1 "They would probably be stumped up there." " - - Shadwell pointed to a narrow, steep, and very overgrown path leading to the summit of the wood. " Dorothy, will you try it?" smiled Berthon, turning toward her. And readily the girl flitted up; passing out of sight just as Mrs. Shadwell came up, and eeiug the arrangement, said to her husband joyously,-, ' How nice 1" "I think you are safe now," said Dorothy, breathlessly, as they gained the top of the bill. "Oh, isn't this view lovely I" "I think that 'eighteen-inch waist would hardly trip up as you have done," said Bsrthon, eonmfortably. "' Yes, it is very pretty." His eyes were not "following his com panion's over the winding river and woods and meadows below, but reeting upon the bonny face and sweet eyes so much better to him. "Mr. Berthon, I wonder that you have never married." Do you, little Dorothy ? Why ?" "Becauso I think you must have been run after a great deal. I don't mean by Mitse Claridge only, but by lots of others, no doubt. You are so handsome, and rich, and "Charming !" as slhe hesitated. " Do you think I should make a ocaTming husband, Dorothy ." Her face was turned away as she still looked at the view below, so he didnot see the sudden vivid crimson that died it. She besi? tated an instant, then answered cleverly and quietly, "Yes; I think you would make a very charming husband.". Silence for a little while then. Beathon, half stretched upon the grass, watched the pretty, girlish figure as it stood beside him, leaning against a tree with the sun's rays fliekering its pink gown and bright hair; some of the floating ribbons on the pink dress blew forth and touched his face, and he put his hand out suddenly upon them. " Come and sit down, little woman. Have you ever thought what kind of husband you would like, Dorothy 1" ý' I can't tell you all my private thoughts," she smiled, not looking up. " Not all; but this is a very important case. I ehould like to know what you are thinking on this subject." Why?" playing with the grass beside her as she uttered the brief word. "Why ? Oh, say to provide amusement for this quiet afternoon," negligently leaning back. "Provide amusement for yourself in some other way," returned she in a choked, indig. nant voice. "I am certainly not going to trot forth my best thoughts for your passing amusement." "Yourbest thoughts?" No enswdr. "L Dorothy," the man peristoed, smiling a little as he loanedltoward the averted head, "you told me you lhad an ideal once, you know. Have you still. " I suppose so." "Tell me what it is like. Describe it to me minutely now, in strict confidence,you know, child l" " I shall do nothing of the sort i" very die. tinctly. 'I oan fancy youn married, little Doro thy, sometimes, he went on in the same provoking, careless tones. "I imagine the bind of man you will make happy some day." "Indeed t You have a valuable imagina. tion, Mr. Berthcn:" "lie must be young. Ifancy youwill make that a sine qua ien. Ateat your own age, eh, little Dorotny ? ' '" Go on; this is your deseription, not mine." "You might tolerate ten or twelve years of seniority, but certainly not more. Then he must be poseessed of perfect society manners and good looka, no doubt; plenty of savoir ai,re, plenty of chit-.cat, and knowledge of all little events of the day; plenty of dandy ism, clotheei and friende; a man about town, possibly, )Nish much fs.hion, wit, and bril liancy about him. A scan untroubled by life's grater thoughts, untouched by life's sternerexperiences, buoyr nt and light.hearted, and gay." " It that," interrupted Dorothy, with a soudden tremble in her Cones, "is the kind of man you think me worthy of, Mr. Ber' then, it is certainly the exact kind I should detest." Se uttered the last words vehemently, but there was a suspiciousdroop and tremor of the long- lashed lids of the oweot tell-tale eyes, as she turned away euddenly and plucked at the grass by her side. "What kind of man should you like?" Berthon questioned, with a dangerous soften. ing of his voice. But at that moment voices were heard close by, and starting to her feet Dorothy asked: " Is that Ted?" Tcd, handsome and d'ebonair, in white fleari. nel, withl crimson belt and neckt tie, was lead ing up the path, with exceeding care, a pretty little specimen of the doll tribe, Clarice Ver none, in fact, exquisitely droesedin white and gold. Mlichael B.rthon looking at Dorothy saw her face suddenly darken, while her little foot stamped angrily upon the ground, and she oit her lips in a vexation too great to be concealed. "Alh, monopolised, I see," said Ted, 'look. ing in upon the little retreat. "Sorry to in trude, but we are unlnoky; every resting place is filled by some couple who ecowl dis missal at us the instant we appear in sight; we toil and wander till we drop, don't we, Mies Vernon ?" • We are certainly very tired," said that young lady, affectedly. "You can come in here if you like," said Dorothy, drawing aside her lacegedged lsuncens to make room, but speaking as it her voice was iced. "h'o thank you," laughed Tred. " We would rather sink from exhaustion than be received on sutlerance. Miss Vernon, shall we try a yard or iwo higher ?" " Ted, I want to speak to you a moment." Dorothy went boldly aftler him. and caught his Eleeve as he would have followed his com. panion. "Ted, I won't have thia;" Blerthon heard her say, in spite of her tones being lowered almost to a whisper, and his having moved as far as he could from the sound of them. " IMy dear Dorothy, there is nothing for you tomind," " But l do mind, and there io something to miud. Ted, then I shall give you this locket back it you will oerry on with that girl." "Don't be suach an idiot, Dorothy. There is no morebharn in my talkingto Clarice than there is in your sitting with Miohael there. One does not eome to a pio-nia to sit alone and mope." " I don't eare. I declare it you persist in carrying on with that horrid, conceited af. teoted lhttle doll--" " Your last is the only applicable term, My dear, how'can you canyou get so excited about nothing?" - , Itf you carry on with her Ideclare I will have nothing to do with you, Ted,inany way or shape. There I I mean it i" said Dorothy, in excited resolution. . " Absourd child, we will talk it over pre sently; now, see, she is looking back at us: She will think you are in love with me, Dorobthy." ""I din't care what shesthinks: I know what'I thish o!f you," ""And I know what I think of yon. You are the dearest, beet, sweetest little girl in the world, and I know you won'tmake any stupid fuss about nethieg. Ta.ta I " " Oh Ted dear, don't I "changing her anger to pleading soddenly. "Ifit were anygirl but that, I wouldn't mind." 123-1c "Dear little woman, I am not carrying on, as you put it. I am simply doing the civil, and she amuses me, re/la toutt, 1 swear." Then he was gone, striding after the trip ping white and gold draperies; and Dorothy came slowlybaok to Berthon, whose face had grown very white and hard; but there were angry tears in the girl's own eyes, and she cast them over the river instead of upon him as she stood by his side. For a minute they stood in most uncomfortable silence; then it was broken by the sound of other voices aris ing from below. CHPTEI VIII. * One of the voices was Miss Claridge's, un mistakably, and it arose from a piece of grass that jutted out from the middle of the steep bank upon the top of which Berthon and Dorothy were sitting. It said: "I can go no farther. I have torn my frock on those wretched brambles. If thegirl has carried him any higher, she is welcome to him for her pains, that is all. " Yet he is too nice for a child like that," rejoined another voice, presumably the voice of Theo's confidential friend. "He is really a most taking, distinguished-looking man, Theeo, dear. 1 thought when you sat side by side just now, what a splendid couple you would make; I thought he seemed rather strock, too dear. consolingly. : So he is, so he was, from the first moment he saw me; I never doubted that," said Miss Theo, with much complacency, " But when a forward, unserupulous little minx chooses to put herself to any inconvenience to get a man's attention, of course, a woman with any sell-respeot is at a disadvantage. I never could put myself out of the way one bit to ob. tain any man's attention. I know it is foolish of me. I know that every other woman does; but there it is, Lucnie, a man must come every step of the way to woo me, or I won't be wooed." "There is little fear of your not being that, dear Thso." "No, I flatter myseolfI could snatch away Michael Berthon from that dolly girl in spite of her efforts and determination,; but really, I can't trouble to do it;" flirting her fan with vicious energy. "The silly little thing is over head and heels in love with Mr. Brthon, any one can see that." "Yes, any one can see that," chimedin her obliging friend. ' And so, if she can get him she may have him," said Theo, with a perfect explosion of spite. " Now the thing is, how am I to get down from here without doing my dress any more harm ? What a detestable spot to have a pie-nie in I I only hope that Shadwell girl will get her best frock well spoiled in her run ning away with her lover, The two standing abOve'had heard without listening all that the clear, hard voices had said, but until their names were mentioned just at the last, they, each absorbed in per. turbed thoughts of their own, hadno thought that the converantion in any way concerned themselves. When their own names were heard, each involuntarily turned and looked at the other-the man with a deprecating glance, willing to smile off the co;tretlrps it his companion were willing; but the girl turned with a perfect agony of passion and shame in her burning face and tear-filled eyes, and her lips were positively quivering, as she laid, stretching oue in the direction Theo Claridge had been in : (Tp, be Co?'tit;lr.) 