WIT, " Where are the children P" enquired » ihusband and a father as he came into the jhonae. *'They were so/noisy," repliedl.his, Wife, " I sont them out with nnrse. Our «west little Fide Ired just gone *o eleep,. and, ¡I didn't want the dear little fellow disturbed/' i! "My beloved .brethren," said a Western Í minister, " it ¿Usmy heart with joy to inform iyou-that the mayor of our little city has ex jperienoed a change of heart, and hereafter j will labour with ns in advancing our great and glorious cause." Murmurs of approval among the congregation. "And asa mark ; of respot and esteem we bold for him, and i the bigh confidence we repose in our new j brother, the taking up of the collection will be intrusted to bis care on this blessed Sabbath morai' " I do love a Uar," observed Mrs. Orapp, after her husband had been teUing her why be was detained at the office. Mr. Grapp simply answered, " Egotist/' and now they eat their meals in silence. Jack-Ethel, I'm ashamed of yon, I saw that Frenchman in the conservatory kissing you repeatedly. Why didn't you teU him to stop P" Ethel-. I couldn't, Jack.' Jack * You conldn't P Why not P' Ethel-' I can't speak French.', , , 1 More '»Thusaess*--"'Tiras, ever thus; i from childhood's hour I've seen my fondest I hopes decay. I never tried to save an hour but what I wasted half a day. . I never took' a girl to ohuroh, the longer way back home to plan, but that she left me ia the lurch, and walked back with another man. I never bad a fond gazeUe to glad me with its ' dark blue eye, but had a goat which knocked ne out, ' My life is marred with .butts," said I. A Uttle girl in the lower part of this city waa playing 'tea party,' and a gentleman who ; was present ? objected toeovaral of. the imaginary viands which .she brought bim, complaining that they were poorly cooked, too salt, stale, etc. Af ter several efforts to please him the small hostess lost her patience, and laying down a plate of mythioal dainties before bim, exclaimed in a petulant tone ; * Ext what's that and you'll get more a; while ago.* This rather equivocal offer is now a dinner by-word. Diplomacy-Fioasie-' Mamme, may I go outdoors and play with Ned P* Mamme *No ; I am very sorry, but you know you did not come home the last time when I told yon to,. and I said I would baye to refuse to let yon go the next'time'.' 'Sister Annette (sympathetically from another room)-. Never mind, Flossie dear.' Perhaps you can go, some other day.' Flossie (cheerfuUy)-* Oh, I don't mind, I didn't want to go to day, but I might want to go to-morrow, you know, so I thought I'd let ber punish nie to-day.' ? The Kentucky Legislature wiU prohibit marriages where persons have ' a. violent temper.' It -oán-t ; be ' done. ' 'Violent; tem- ! pers are discovered only after marriage. A Tennessee woman has given ber hand to one of three competitors who ran eight miles in the smaUest time. It seems trivial ; and yet what a splendid chance the man will have to get away from her: BeproVing a youth for the exercise of his fists, a schoolmaster said-'We fight with our beads here.' The youth reflected for a brief while, and replied that butting hadn't been considered fair at hie last school. Afraid of Committing himself.-'And, to make a long story short, Bishop, the train came to a stand-stUl in the very nick of time, andmyadear Aunt Jane was saved-aotuaUy saved 1 Now wasn't that a mercy, Bishop Î' 'WeU, Mrs. Boreham- you see-I-a-I don't know your aunt 1' Clerk (to wholesale New York hardware' merchant)-" Here is an order fer four groas of pocket-knives ; from-some customer. who. givea the name of his town, but omite the State." Merohant: 'Is there no" way by wbioh yen can find out the State P Where's the envelope?' Clerk: 'Here it is-pest mark's blurred-and. here's the order with the casu.'- He wants four' gross' bf pocket' knives, No. 1640, with oorkserews in back of handle.' Merohant: 'Send them to Kansas.' N.B.-Kansas ie a teetotal State. 'Yea,'-said the principal of the yoong ladies' seminary td the proud parent, 'yon ought tb be very happy, my dear sir, to be the father of so large a family, aU the members of which appear to be so devoted to one another.' 'Large family 1 DevotedP' gasped the old 'gentleman in -amazement- ' What on earth, do you mean, ma'am ?' « Why, yes, indeed," glasses ; 'no less than eleven ot Gussie's brothers hav* been here this winter to take her out sleigh »riding, and she tells me ehe expects the tall ono with the blue eyes here again to-morrow.* They were on their way to the theatre, and she was tremulously happy. She felt that the words she so longed to hear would be spoken that night, and the idea mad« her almost dizzy wjth delight, : '' Mr. Simpson," she said softly, "why do you wear that pieoe of string on your finger P " " Oh," replied Mr. Simpson, taking it off, " that was to re- mind me of my engagement with you to- night." It wasn't rauoh, bnt it was enough to take all the delightful dizziness away. Cook, on the day after her arrival; " Please mum, I'm a bit fiery at times, and when I'm fiery, I'm apt to be a bit rough spoken; but you needn't let that put you ont. With a little present now and then you can allua bring me round again." (j i-s , t A little six-year-old Boston girl was'offer- ing sympathy te a neighbour who had lost a little child. * Tes, Mrs. Brown,' said ßhe, M know just how to sympathise with you, for! loBt a little brother once.' 1 * Indeed, Ethel,' ; said Mrs. Brown, * I don't remember it. How j eld were you when he died P ' " Oh,' answered j the child, ' it was long before you knew our family. He died se veral years, before I was 1 born.' " '. ' '1 ' 1 ''"''.'** , What are pauses P ' asked the teacher pf the primary class. 'Things that grüw on oats,' piped the small boy at the foot. i ; ¿ph^y's.Qnsstij^ Snooper, ' why do they always put in a scythe when ttiey make > a, picture pf Tjrçié ff '? To represent the shortness of life, Johnny. Time outs people .dqwa;, yp» *kno w.'. r * Buf, when r Time shall be no mower Wll drop his Boythe won't he P * * It's time for yon to go to bad,. Johnny.'" î?: _: i :''".' - '.'.' '. .'/'/-J;''".. A spooney young couple travelling from the country, as the train went through a short tunnel, indulged in an embrace and kiss, when the train suddenly emerged from the tunnel and pulled up at a station. The porter called "Sawyer"-which was the name of the place. To the surprise and the amusement of the passengers the girl deliberately replied, "I I don't caro if you did, we are married." i Young wife at dinner table, exolaims be I tween sobs : " I made that-that apple damp [ lingtas a pleasant surprize for you, and-and i -now-yon-want me to bring a hand-saw to I cut it in twe with." Young husband : " Good Heavens, Susan { Ea that a dumpling P ' I took i it for a ooooa-nnt." With desperate firmness -"I'll eat some of it how, if it kille me. Thank Heaven my life is insured I AU I ask is that, you will make just euch another dumpling for my successor," " Ah, dearest ! " sighed a yeung man, kneel- ing at the feet of his owneat own, " do'st thoa know what of all things is nearest my heart P " "Eeallf, I can't say," she sweetly replied, " but in this cold weather I should think it . would be a flannel shirt." She WAS too prac- tical, and the engagement was broken off. Heiress: "I am afraid that it ie not for me you come so often, but for my money. Ardent Wooer: "You are cruel to say so. How could I get your money without getting yon ?". ; ; ... Teacher: "Have animals a oapaoity for affection ?;" Class t " Nearly all." Teaoher : " Correct.*' " Now what animal possesses the greatest attachment for men." Little girl : " Woman." " Have you enjoyed your strawberry festi- val, boys S "J " Oh, yes, *ir." " Then," asked the teacher, seeking to append a moral, " If you had slipped into my garden and picked those strawbsrries without my leave, would they have tasted as good as now ? " " Every small boy in that stained" and eiokly company shrieked, " No,' sir 1" " Why not ?" "Cause?' said little Thomas, with the cheerfulness of conscious virtue, " then we should ht have had sugar and eream with 'em." -. The ooat-Wil' flirtation is the latest. A j wrinkled ooat-tail, bearing dusty toe-marks, meaus "I have spoken to your father." 1 " What is your employment?" asked bia I Honor.of' a prisoner! arraigned: for vagrancy the other day. ' " Walking, sir." " Where dc ! you walk P " " Well, that's according to which j way the policeman is coming from." " I do not believe half I hear," said thc man with big ears; / And an unkind bysbandej I remarked : " I do not see how you would evei have time to." : Uncle Isom was whitewashing an old,dilapi dated house on Whitehall-stroet yesterday The interior had a ghostly appearance, anti the gentleman said to the old negro, " Isom ain't yon afraid of ghosts P " " No, sah, dat 3 ain't, young master," was the reply, as th< old man's face loomed np with a smile. " Yoi are not?" ""So, sah; dar are no ghosts.' I " How do yon know P " " Case, sah, when t person dies dey go to heaben or purgatory, oi one or deader." "YesP"r "And éf de: goes to purgatory dey can't get away ; and e dey goes te. heaben dey don't want ter ge away an' onm book er scollopin' roan' di world. I'se too old to let dat kind er mes merisin' bizziness bodder me." 