RACHEL NOBLE'S EXPERIENCE. By BBUCE EDWARDS. CHAPTER IX. We wandered up past the loch. It was fixed that we were to return to L the next day, and I daresay we went a bit farther than we would have done in consideration of its being the last time,—not that eithsr of us was very Romantic or' sentimental, but it was singularly pleasant. Every one knowB the delicious witchery of the silvery haze cast over the land by the light of the moon. As the well-regulated, subdued iafftp is to the middle-aged i»eauty, so is the light of the moon to our. dear mother earth ; it bringsout her loveliness and hides her blemishes. The road wound on before us, . .hard and. white part of our way.'..'•• We. had fields, on -each side 4K>yered;With stocks, having, as they stood, 'the effect of a rich pattern in embroidery; thenwe fBiJfas-other.. Bjr in silver fragments, and id front of us the big' " Law," black and majestic, stoodalways, his fobt in the tarn and'his shoulder touchirig heaven, in stern immobility, giving immense force to the bold oriental figure, " The mountains skip like rams." '" • ^ "... itiss Morgan had one good quality which does not belong to every young lady of her age,—she could hold her tongue for a' very long time ; and, in addition, she never teased other people to epeak. I really felt grateful for this, and I think neither of us enjoyed our walks-the less, that they were often begun and ended almost in silence. 1 don't suppose our thoughts were always very valuable, but at any rate they did not come forth to vex the still evening air with their chatter, for my own part, I don't dignify the dreamy reverie in which I indulged, with the name of thinking. We had 'turned to go home, and' were nearing the loch again, when we heard the clatter of a horse's hoofs, and then wo heard voices speaking in a • high key. Presently, just as we got to the very edge of the road to keep out of the way, a dog-cart drove past; it was a spidery, unstable-looking affair, painted black, and picked out with a dingy red, as I could see even by the light of the moon which glittered on parts of it; two men were on the front, and a woman on the back seat. I thought the man who was driving did not seem to know what he was doing, for he was using his whip freely, and pulling the horse's head now one way, and now another. " That man must be drunk," said Miss Morgan, " it will be a wonder, if there's not an accident." The words were hardly out of. her mouth, when the horse began to back across the road, where it was not more than a few feet from the loch, and only an old thorn hedge whieh had been cut to the ground, within the week, between it and the water ; we stood and held our breath, and in an instant the whole thing went sheer over into the deep pool. A wild shriek cleft the air and smote all the echoes ; one of the men made a desperate spring, and failing on the very brink, clutched a thorn stump, and clambered up. We ran forward ; I saw the horse struggling to set itself free, and I suppose the harness gave way, for it swam to an open part of the bank— landed, shook itself, and began cropping the herbage amid the horror and excitement of the scene. The "man who had escaped, sat on the road side, apparently stupified. Miss Morgan said, " What can we do?" " Nothing," I said,. " but run for assistance ; go you down the road, I'll go up, if anybody's near, that shriek must have-been heard." I had not got many yards, when I saw two men running towards me. " Lassie," they said, " whatscreigh was yon ?" " A gig has gone right over into the loch," I gasped, " and two people are struggling in the water." " Folk droonin'! have a care o' me, lassie," and he dashed me into a foot-path, the other following him. They did not lose a minute in getting the oars, shoving off the boat, and rowing towards the spot, Lizzie had not left the place, —she was standing close by the man whose presence of mind had saved him from immersion in the loch, and I heard her say in a beseeching voice—" Go for any sake, I'm not alone." " How much 1 ? and I'll go." " There," she said, and pushing something into his hand, he went off down the road rapidly. I had not time to ask her about this at the moment, for looking at the water, I saw the woman rise to the surface twice, and go down again—if she could only have known to "have kept still, but she straggled desperately. Just as she was going down, for the last time I thought, one of the men reached her with his oar, and with it he held her up, till he could grasp her, and lift her into the boat. When he did so, he turned her face up. " My God 1" he cried, "it's Phemie." The tone which these words were uttered rang in my ears for months. When they got to the bank, he took her in his arms and actually ran with his burden to the nearest house, a shepherd's cottage, about ten minutes' distance on the edge of the moor. I followed to see if I could be cf any use. I had some idea of what should be done in a case o f the kind, but as the previous winter a man had fallen through the ice, and been brought there to be resuscitated, the shepherd's wife knew the process to be gone through, and set about it instantly, and gave me directions quietly and distinctly how I could best assist her. f The man looked in the girl's face—I couldn't describe that look—and said, " I'll ride for the doctor, I'll bring him quicker than' ony ither body." He sent the shepherd, to the pond to help there. When he went out the shepherd's wife whispered to me, " They were to be married after harvest." I said, " Who is she—Phemie what ?" " Phemie Brown;*' Our landlord's daughter! In a short time the men returned, carrying the body of her brother—it was he who had been driving. It seemed he had gone tinder the gig, and been kept dtfjra in the water;'. there Was le& ^henttied every effort %as.; tried, I thoughtthey , hbmb/w)iat-fcad IfeooWs d^tsidejBnkioasli: I • , / "Ther^'s ntft a sympton of it, but the doctor iBays it is still possible—he fiays everything has been done that ought to have been done." " This is awful, Miss Noble/' she whispered. " Do you know the one who was driving was drunk. The man that jumped off the gig when It went over says so. He says the horsfe was going quietly enough, when they came up to him Walking on the road, and offered him" a ride ; poor creature, he was stunned by his fall, but he has been able to go on." " Lizzie," I said, "it strikes me I've heard that man's voice before, It had a wonderful likeness to the one I heard on the night of the robbery say 1 Lizzie! Lizzie!' " " Well, I didn't hear that, so I ean't say," she replied frankly. " What interest of his was it to know that you were not alone ?" " Oh,you heard me, did you? I thought he might be anxious to get to the end of his journey, and it was a pity for him to stay, thinking I was alone." " Indeed," I replied. I could not avoid a lurking suspicion that there was something concealed ; but I asked no further, as I thought it better that I should remain in ignorance all my life than that Miss Morgan should practise and acquire ease in equivocating, and 1 returned to the accident, and said, "Do you know, Miss Morgan, they are the son and daughter of Mr. Brown ?" " The good old man, how will he stand it ? But surely they will recover." " I hope so," I said. " The daughter was to be married to the young man who took her out of the water." " Was to be—I hope she will be." " I doubt it is almost hoping against hope. I wish I could have stayed to have seen how it will end. We must say nothing of it the Browns yet. I daresay your brother will walk up tonight and learn the issue." " To be sure he will. They surely won't die, both of them," and we walked on in silence. When we went in John Morgan looked up from his book and said, " Why, what has happened ? You look scared, both of you. Have you seen poor Leerie's ghost?" " Hu9h, hush, John," said his sister. " We have seen a terrible thing to-night. We have seen two persons almost drowned ; it is not known yet whether they will recover, and it is feared not." When they had heard the particulars, Mr. Morgan said he would go and bring us word of the result. I said I felt so anxious that I would go with him rather than wait. Lizzie said she would like to go too, but she was very tired. As we walked, I told him that drink was at the bottom of this sad accident. Drunkenness," I said, "is surely an enormous evil under the sun." " It is indeed,'" he assented. " And is it your opinion," I asked, " that nothing ahould be done to check it ?" " My opinion that nothing should be done to check it ? How have I managed, Miss Noble, to give you that impression ? I think everything should be done to check it that is done to cheek any other sin." " People are imprisoned for stealing. Do you mean they ought to be imprisoned for drinking ?" " No, I don't. Now, Miss Noble, you know as well as I do, that there is a class of offences which the law may take cognizance of, and another cla6S of which it may not take cognizance." • ', " Then what check do you propose V " I propose to educate people—to enlighten their Consciences," " Mr. Morgan," I said, do you suppose that the' most miserable wretch on the Low Street of L does not know that he is doing wrong when he is making himself drunk ?" " Probably he does; but he do not care V' " Then how do you make him care?" "Now that is exactly the point, Miss Noble. I am glad you have come so directly knock against'it. How, indeed? It will require a higher power than either yours or mine to bring that aboftt. No, teetotalism is not the gospel, although its advocates would sometimes make it a substitute." "That'B ungenerous, Mr. Morgan. No teetotaler does that. No, it is not the gospel, but it is a gospel. Surely it is good tidings to many a wretched wife and family, when they hear that the husband and father is. a teetotaler, and if you wanted to deliver a very important messsage, you would not make it'known to a 'drunken man ; you would know it wag of no us& Now that's all the. merit teetotalers claim for their cause. It makes a way for the gospel, and I doubt, Mr. Morgan, if education is the remedy for. drunken: ness. . There is a plentiful crop of dranfumta le^jiy'on^ whercshe is^"at'schtol, ^ m m m m m M , M to beg' in the very town where he had been so much looked up to—he, the educated man of refinementconceive of the process that had being going on during these years." "It is very appalling*'he said, "very appalling indeed." " I said," Mr. Morgan, if you would only throw your influence, your example, and your abilities, into the cause of total abstinence, how immense the good is you" might do 1" . " Well, Miss Noble, no doubt I should influence a class; but there, is another class, much larger, and wider, and more intelligent, with whom I should lose influence altogether probably. - I myself am not apt to be influenced by a man who runs to extremes. The well-balanced man, who in all things hits the happy medium, who goes right along the common sense road on what-, ever subject, is the man who would influence me, who, I think, would carry the most weight in the world." " Mr. Morgan, some celebrated person, I forget, at this moment, his name, has said, that no man ever succeeded in any great enterprise who did not seem to his fellow men to be in some sort crazed—the apostle Paul, for instance." " Yes, but I don't think, to do them justice, that teetotalers make out that they are inspired ; the apostle was, and he recommended wine." - " Mr. Morgan," I said, " suppose the house you are going to, turns out to be the house of death, that these young creatures have perished, will you go back to Mr. Brown, and tell the old man, that his son has been drowned while drunk, and then ask hiui to take a glass of wine to cheer and gladden his heart." " No, I don't think it will cheer him, there is a time for everything." " Yes," I said, " and because of the terrific burden of sin and misery under which tlie land groans, I take this to be the time for total abstinence." ( To he continued.) 