COUNTRY NEWS. [From our own Corresnondents.l MINTABO. July 3. Mintaro was rather livelier than usual yesterday on account of the election of a Councillor for the Mintaro Ward, which resulted in the return of Mr. George Mc Leieh. REDHILL, July 4. A fair amount of interest was manifested over the District Council elections, which took place on Monday last, July 2. Only Redbill Ward was contested. There were six candidates nominated, the resuit of the voting being as follows : — P, Rowland, 22 ; Hy. Longmire, 21 ; R. P. Gregory, 17 ; D. Lithgow, 9; John Johnston, 6; A. A, Glaridge, 1. And for one auditor : — W, B. Carlin, 37 ; J. T. Rowe, 6. No less than 14 out of 56 votes were informal for Coun cillors, and 13 for auditors. It is indeed very surprising that a number of persons to all appearance possessing ordinary intelli gence should record their votes informally. It may be said, however, that most of the votes were declared informal owing to the lines forming the cross being the sixty fourth part of an inch outside the margin. If this constitutes an illegal vote, it eeema to me the sooner it is done away with the better. It is also strange that during elec tions for either the Upper or Lower House, and when a great many people vote, there should not be more than a half-dozen votes informal. The Winter Handicap Tourney of the Redhill Chess Club is now in progress, and a large number of games has been played. The tournament will to all appearance have the effect of developing chess talent amongst the members, as some are already showing very good form. HALBURY, July 2. Everything is looking prosperous, and a good season is anticipated. There are 20 members of the Homestead Block League now enrolled here. The members will in a great measure adopt the farmers9 clubsystem — send delegates toother branches, and unite in politics to secure a fair reprsentation of the working men. WILTUNGA, July 2. Sowing operations are about at an end here, and farmers may breathe again. The rains have been considerably later this year than last; consequently toe early-sown wheat is not nearly so far forward. On the whole, however, we have no, cause to grumble at our prospects. The late heavy rains have had the effect of starting vegeta tion of all kinds, amongst other things our cricket club. No, I will not put it that way. I will simply say that our cricketers have again begun practice, and are ready for the fray, in the shape of matches with the neighboring clubs. Our Council's elections are on, and this is polling day. There are four candidates in the field, each one apparently thinking himself as good as elected. We scrubbers, however, are of a rather phlegmatic dispo sition, and any excitement oa such a- small matter as voting would be considered ex tremely absurd. The two all-important subjects here are the weather and the soil, before which all other matters pale into insignificance ; consequently all such matters as District Council elections fall very flat indeed. The mice are a perfect nuisance here this year, and the amount of damage done throughout the hundred to wheat bags and horsefeed must be enormous. They alBO in clude in their bill of fare such things as wearing apparel, young trees, flower plants, and such like. Our town of Bute does not seem to be going ahead as well as might be expected, considering the distance at which we are situated from any business centre. If any of your Glare tradespeople should desire to ramify a little here is an opportunity — an opening, in fact, for any business from a pianomaker down to a dollsmith. The Council-Chamber is, I believe, to be erected in the township shortly, and will no doubt add greatly to its importance. There was also some talk a ghost time ago of a pub. being erected, but I think the prevalence of blue ribbon in this quarter must have scared the enterprising builder away. The weather at present is sunshiny and warm by day, with slight frosts at night. Another fall of rain would have a beneficial effect on the late-sown wheat, some of which having been eown when the ground wbb in a wet state stands a chance of malting if the fine weather continues. 