NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. An agitation is on foot at Inverell for lighting the town by electricity. Captain Piper, of the South Mine, has been elected mayor of Broken Hill. Sir Charles and Lady Dilke propose to pay Australia a visit, about the beginning of next year. There is a probability of an irrigation colony being founded at Rockhampton similar to that at Mildara. A small colony of rabbits has been discovered on the Warrego River, about 40 miles from Charleville. The penny postage system, is not to be extended until the Government decide to adopt it throughout the entire colony. The body of a man killed by a luggage train, near the Waterfall, on the Illawarra line, last Friday night, has been identified as that of a laborer named Alfred Parker, aged 39. The speeches and writings of the late Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, extending over thirty years, are to be published in collected form. Sir George Innes, as a Supreme Court Judge, has been granted 12 months' leave of absence on full salary, beginning on January 1st next. A blacksmith named J. Cunning, living at Lambton, tiear Newcastle, has come into a fortune of £1,000,000, being the proven heir of the. late Sir Thomas Graham, of Scotland. I'he Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Wilcannia, has decided to fix his permanent residence at Broken Hill, being about the centre of bis diocese. A men named M'Donald was found near Dalby (Q.) in a dying state. He had been aine days without food or water. The dead body ot his mate was subsequently found. Mr. Cameron has given notice of his intention to move, on December 19, a resolution to the effect that no person who is in receipt of a pension should be eligible for a seat in either branch of the Legislature-, The master carriers of Sydney have decided to form an association. They iurther agree to bring under the notice of the Railway Commissioners the vexatious delays which occur at the railway station iu the receiving of goods. Replying to a deputation respecting the removal ot the Tamworth Land Board office to Gunnedah, the Minister for Lands said in dealing with the question his object would be to study economy without sacrificing the public interest. A party of men under command of Mr. Surveyor J ones, has arrived in Yass for the purpose of making the final survey of the line for the proposed tramway from tbe railway station to Yase. They commenced their work on Friday. Sir Maurice O'Rorke thinks that if Mr. Ooodchap, late Commissioner for the New South Wales railways, could be secured as the Chief Commissioner for the New Zealand Board, that he would render efficient service to tbe colony. The commission appointed in Queensland to inquire into the causes of the decay of tbe BU»?ar industry, and to report on tropical agriculture generally, will visit all the New South Wales plantations after finishing its investigations in Queensland. In the Aesembly on Friday night, Mr. Frank Farnell said he intended in future to be a freelance. He was not going any longer to be a Government supporter. The House laughed, and the Government were blamed for keeping \ oung Frank up so lafe. On Sunday afternoon a boy named Stephen Carter, 11 years of 8ge, while bathing near the Iron Cove Bridge, Sydney, was seized by a shark and disappeared. Shortly alterwards his dead body, disembowelled and frightfully mutilated, was recovered by the police. Cardinal Moran told the people of Sydney that it " would be as eaBy lor British statesmen to turn aside the stars from their course as to alter the resolve of the Irish people to redress tbe iniquitous legislation of the past and to vindicate their right to make their own laws." The Colonial Treasurer stated in the House on Friday that the Railway Commissioners had decided it was necessary for two travelling inspectors to travel over the lines of this colony. The Commissioners had power to appoint such officers, who were now on their way to the colony. In future, admission to St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, will be by ticket only, on tbe occasion of the celebration of marriages there. This decision of the Bishop and Chapter has been come to in consequence of the late disgraceful occurrences at the marriage of Miss Essie Jenyns. About a year ago Captain Fairchild, of the Government steamer Stella, placed some 25 sheep on the Auckland Island*. On his recent visit he found they had increased 100 per cent., and the lambs are healthy and hardy. Should any castaways reach the island the experiment will be appreciated. At a meeting of tbe Tumut Agricultural and Pastoral Association held last week, Mr. George Clout, a vice-president, stated that if the present dry weather continued for another month, it neern&d; pretty clear that the associa tion would have to abandon the thought of holding their annual show this season, as the farmers would have nothing worth exhibiting, At the Braid wood police court a man named James Cammings was sentenced to eix months in Braidwood gaol for obtaining a silver watch and other goods of the value of £5 10s. from Charles Martin by means of a forged cheque. When arrested prisoner had another cheque in his pocket, signed by members of the Johnstone family (as trustees), who live on the Yass River. The drought is making itself felt at Cordillera. It is the driest season on record in that district, all pasture js completely dried up, and water is scarce. Forage chaff is selling at £10 10s. per ton, and flour at £20 per ton. Bush fires haVe recently been raging all round the district, but tbe late rain, which Was very welcome, though limited, somewhat subdued them*. On Saturday (says the MaiUand Mercury) a gentleman of considerable research inspected the specimens of salt now in our possession, and which were taken frotti the supposed salt mine at Ellalonf;. This gentleman is of tbe opiniob. previously given, to the effect that much yet remains to be proved in order to establish the existence of deposits of salt in payable quantities at Ellalong. We clip the following from the Guniagai Times :—" Mr. Want has written to a Cootamundra friend asking him to iUtly contradict the rumour that he intends to resign his seat for Gundagai, and intimating his intention of sticking to this electorate until |t turns hitn out. Mr. John F. Barnes, the Protectionist candidate, was through the district last week sounding the opinions of the people, and he saye he is well pleased with the result." It appears that the officer commanding the forces receives a salary below that of some of those under his orders, while the pay of the majority of the senior officers is below that ot the average Civil servant; and while the General is allowed only £600 as salary, some of the imported instructors are paid £900. It is proposed now to pay the head of tbe army salary of £1095, which, with allowances, will make his cost to tbe country about £1600 per annum for his duties as preserver of the peace. It is pleasing to know (writes the Forbes Times) that tbe scheme so well initiated and carried out by the municipal authorities at Forbes is giving every satisfaction, and that even with a couple of steam irrigation plants at work on the river, through the conservation of water at the weir, there is an abundant supply for the next twelve months. It is only additional evidence how much would be saved to the country and how much better our public works would be carried out, if we lived under a system of local self-government. Stripping is proceeding with vigor in the Berrigan, Tuppal, and Warmatta districts, and the reports of the yields are highly satisfactory. A gentleman from Warmatta informs us that a neighbor of his is stripping on an average something over sis. bushels to the acre. The kind of seed that he planted was that known as the Mexican wheat. Some of the farmers in these districts who were compelled, owing to the sudden ripening of the cropB, to use the stripper, now intend to run the reaper over the ground and gather in tbe straw as well. The foundation stone of the memorial statue of the late Rev. John Dunmore Lang, D.D, was laid by Lord Oarrington in Wynyardequare, Sydney, on Saturday afternoon. About 2000 persons were present, including a large number of prominent public men. Sir Henry Parkes, Sir John Robertson, and others referred to the untiring efforts of Dr. Lang to obtain political freedom for the colony. The statue which will be completed in two years, will be 9ft. in height, and will cost £4500, which has already been raised by public subcription. An amusing incident occurred in the Assembly on the 6th inst., during the discussion of a point of order. For some unexplained reason the division bell commenced ringing, and members came trooping in from the refreshment rooms only to get well laughed at by those who were in the chamber. Mr. Copeland, in a jocular strain, moved " that the 1 ghost' be brought to the bar of the House to explain his conduct f but the ghost, not being inclined to allow himself to be caught, probably turned himself into an "electric current" and vanished into space. The Armidale Express reports that during a recent storm the lightning struck a tree in the yard at Mr. G. Allingham's residence, at the west end of the town. Mr. Allingham, who was in a stable about seven or eight yards distant, received a slight shock, and states that he saw what appeared a ball of fire flashing in front of him. Mr. Allingham's hat was partly knocked off by a chip from tbe tree, pieces of bark and timber being hurled to some distance. A man passing in front of the stable received a severe shock, and both he and Mr. Allingham had a very providential escape. Referring to the " great unpaid," a writer in the Moruya Examiner says :—"Considering the number of gentlemen who tack J.P. to their names in this district, it seems strange that only two could be found to sit on tbe bench last Tuesday. These two could not agree in the case Barton v. Canny, consequently the case lapsed. Mr. Kenny, J.P. was employed as C.P.S. taking down the de positions; surely somebody else might have done this, and allowed Mr. Kenny to sit also. But no ; and so the case haB to come on again next week, to the loss and expense of not a few." It is reported in the Manning River Times that one day last week some youug ladies residing at the Bight, Wingham, saw a snake of the green species disappear in a hole, in an embankment near their boose. They informed one of the men about the place of the fact, and he proceeded to dig the reptile out He soon unearthed two full-grown green snakes, which he despatched. Thinking he had rooted out the nest, he left it. The ladies, urged by curiosity, dttg somewhat deeper, and after a little "fossicking" came upon the nest which contained a number of recently-hatched snakes, only a few inches long, and a string of 14 uubatched egga. , - News from Apia, SanWa, to November 27 has been received by the R.M.S. Alameda. A decisive battle was then imminent. The tort held by famasefie'e men had been captured, the total losses on both sides boing 38 killed and 60 wounded. Tamasese is now hemmed in. Mataafa's followers experience great difficulty in obtaining food owing to the rough character of the country where they are encamped. It is stated that the supplies for Tamaseflfl afe provided by the Germans. Ihe chiefs who accompanied Halietoa have returned to Samoa. They reiterate their statements with regard to tbe King's illtreatment by the Germans. Owing to the action of the Australian Jockey Club Committee in allotting the dates upon which the Rosehill Racing Club could hold races not meeting with the approbation of the latter club, the former body have now informed the secretary of the Rosehill Racing Club that the name of that clflb will be removed from the register. It seems that the A.J.C. resolved not to sanction racing during the months of April and September by any other clubs than the A.J.C. and Hawkesbury Race Club, which high-handed proceeding did not meet with the approbation of the Rosehill Racing Club. It is likely that a special meeting of the members of the A J.C. will be held to fully consider the matter of the removal of the offending club's name from the register. At the magisterial inquiry at South Broken Hill as to tbe cause of the death of the miner Lorrenson, killed at the South Broken Hill Mine, there was (says the Silver Age) considerable discrepancy in the testimony concerning a point of significance. Thomas, the shift " boss," swore that he instructed O'Keeffe, a mate of the deceased, to make the mouth oi the shaft where the fatal accident occurred, secure. Mr. Thomas was corroborated by Mr. Slee, the Government Inspector of Mines, and by Constable Grieve, stationed at Broken Hill South. O'Keeffe swore directly to the contrary. Tbe pregnant fact in connection with this' is, that through this shaft not being secured at the mouth Lorrensou's untoward death occurred. Mr. Josiah Taylor, father of Mr. T. Taylor, of Graham's Valley, after attending church at Stonehenge on Sunday week, wandered on to another track. Not returning home a search was instituted by the neighbors, and it was not until Tuesday evening that the wanderer returned. He was found on the previous evening at the Waterloo Falls, and stated hiB journeyings had been far from comfortable, as an instance of wfaich he stated that he had slept on an ant bed, and it can well be imagined that his endeavors to court " Natures sweet restorer" were of little avail under the circumstances. However, "All's well that ends well," and the old gentleman is (says the Glen Innes Examiner) none the worse for his peregrinations. An important municipal case was determined in the Water Police Court, Sydney, last week, under the Sydney Corporation Act. Mr. Jno. M'Elhone, M.P., proceeded on information against Mr. James Poole, alderman, for that he did, while holding the civic office of alderman,, continue, as a director of a joint stock company—The Sydney Bathing Company Limited—to be knowingly interested in a certain agreement with the municipal council of Sydney for the use by the said company at an annual rental ot a portion of the Sydney Corporation water mains. The magistrate upheld the case, and fined defendant £50. This decision will probably affect other aldermen. Messrs. M'Elhone and Poole were opposing candidates on Saturday, the latter winning by a large majority. Rich deposits of bismuth have been discovered in North Queensland, about 120 miles inland from Bo wen. A reef of ore is traced on the surface about 100 yards, and a shaft has been put down 35ft. in solid stone without any sign of the reef coming to an end. The ore, which is pure carbonate ot bismuth, contains 50 to 85 per cent, of metal. Drs, Tarrant and Fiatan, of Sydney, who have purchased tbe property, returned to Brisbane yesterday, bringing with them about 2cwt. of ore, which they are taking to Sydney for treatment. Dr. Tarrant is going to England shortly, and it is the intention of the proprietors of the mine to obtain a condensing machine to reduce the carbonate to 85 per cent at the mine, and send it in that form to Bowen, whence it will be shipped to London. An old gentleman has just died in New South Wales, who was certainly not a believer in certain socio-economic doctrines recently ventilated in the columns of this journal. Mr. Enoch Rudder, said to be the oldest inhabitant in the Macleay River district, who joined tbe great majority at the patriarchal age of 88, leaves behind him no less than 200 descendants, all of whom are, we make no doubt, good colonists. In the CSBB of this stern enemy of MalthuB, marriage, whatever else it may have been, was clearly not a failure. The colonies have paid very high prices lor immigrants in times pest, and, considering the Australian Governments are ever ready to reward merit, we shall not be surprised to find Sir Henry Parkes moving tor a statue to Mr. Rudder, and challenge Victoria to produce such another colonist. The Lyttleton Times, of Christchurch, New . Zealand, chronicles the following amusing item of local interest:—A rich story is told of the Hon. Mr. Fergus's recent visit to Woodville. As most people know, Mr. Fergus is in charge of the Defence Department, under which head the police force is classed, and in pursuance of his duties he called in at the Woodville police station. Greeting the affable officer in charge, Mr. Fergus said he had some recollection of meeting him some few years back down the coast. The constable could not recall bis former acquaintance with tbe stranger, and facetiously suggested that he could hardly remember all the prisoners he had had under his core ; but the homor of the situation was not so apparent to the gaardian of the peace when his superior officer casually mentioned who be was. The Barcoo correspondent of the Brulane Courier relates that RichaJd Hazelwood, employed on Saltern Creek, wlio had been in town a few days drinking, suddenly left the hotel be had put up at. As th9 landlord considered Haaielwood was not in a fit state to be at large, information was given to the police. They were just abotit to 6tart in search of Hazelwood, when a man came in from the Four-mile and stated that a bushman, who seemed to be out of his mind, had stuck a pocket-knife into his head behind the ear. The witness had drawn out the knife, and secured the man so that he could not further injure himself, and came in to inform tbe police. Hazelwood was brought into town and attended by Dr. Willis, who thought the iflan wou'd recover. He had a deep horizontal wound about lin. in extent, and had a narrow escape. . Our Booligal correspondent writes :—On Sunday evening last a clever capture of two sheep-steulers was effected near this town. Senior-constable Campbell, accompanied by Mr. T. F. Patterson, proceeded to the selection of Henry Amery, situated on Ulonga run, and there found Amery and a shearer named Thos. Riley in the act of slaughtering three sheep the property of Mr. Patterson. The accused ere immediately conveyed to the Booligal lockup, and on Monday were brought before the local bench, charged with stealing three sheep. One of the accused—Amery—pleaded guilty, whilst Rilej reserved his defence. The prisoners were committed for trial at the Hay Quarter Sessions, which commence on the 6th instant. Amery has already served a sentence of four years in Berrima gaol for a similar offence, and was only out of gaol about twelve months." The writer of notes iu the London Fyja.ro of October 20 says :—" I should have thought that General Sir Henry Norman, who succeeded the late Sir Anthony Musgrave at Jamaica, would have been selected to follow him at Queensland ; but Sir Henry has been chosen to succeed the other Sir William Robinson at Adelaide. Possibly this has been done to prevent any confusion of ideas that might be caused by two Sir William Robinsons following each other in South Australia. However that may be, I heartily congratulate the last-named colony on its acquisition of a capable and genial Governor, whose excellent qualities of head and heart have endeared him to all classes in Jamaica. Lady Norman will also be greatly missed in that island, where she is much and deservedly beloved." It is probable that Sir Henry Norman was intended to succeed Sir W. Robinson, but the M'llwraith incident led to an alteration in the disposition of Governors. A Blay ney correspondent writes: —"A court of enquiry was opened here before Lieut. Colonel Paul and Captains Cassidy and Evans, to investigate the alleged charges against Captain Gasper, of the Blayney Company, 3rd Regiment, Volunteer Infantry. The court sat all day, and adjourned until 10 o'clock this morning. Captain Gaspar, although summoned to attend at the court, failed to put in an appearance. There are about 20 witnesses to be examined in the case. The alleged charges are forgery, embezzlement, and insubordination. The evidence taken alleges that Captain Gasper has received from Government tbe rents for the drill-shed and rifle- batte, but instead of paying the money over to the proper persons, has appropriated it to his own use. It is further alleged that the accused when returning the pay sheets to the Government for volunteers under his charge, has forged the names of many members of the company as having received pay, while they state that they did not receive one penny. These allegations were sworn to by several members of the corps." A very sudden death occurred at Mr. Edward Kiley's residence, at Brungle, the victim being a nurse-girl, whose name we have not been able to ascertain, but whose parents resi j.5 in Carcoar. It seems (says the Addong Argus) that Mr. James Kitey had left his horse in front of the dwelling, when Mrs. E. Kiley observed her little daughter, aged about seven years, riding about on the horse. The nursegirl was instructed to take the child down; this was done, and the nurse-girl then mounted the horse herself, and, according to the child s statement, whipped it tc make it canter ; but the horse only walked about a couple of yards when the girl Buddenly fell over the off side. She got up again and walked to a log, where she sat down and told Mrs. Kiley's daughter to go and tell her mother that she was ill. Messrs. E. and J. Kiley came to the girl, who was lying beside the log, and on carrying her into the house found she was quite lifelecs. Dr. Mason, who was sent for, found no external marks of injury, and believed that the deceased, who was of a very full habit, had died from heart disease. T&e; Fyi is indebted to Mr Kerr manager ot the Mortgage and Agency Com! Pany of Australasia, Limited, forihe fdlowZ copy of a report on the Fiii Van 11. « J Tfa.8 is" dated let October last «„7°- 5 from their London brokers, MeS wl v Smithy and Co. The J ^ a i f f i K M observable in pr ce quotations, and w£ a«»s from the value attaching to the when prepared by experts, a^d the ndS tnee with which .t is evidently reg^d when n is imperfectly cured, cannot fail to impS Thf™^' 1 Q , t 8 f * preparation! The pod in question was t o w i h grown a n d near «in»o and it is evident from the re?ortJL portant addition to the o? Z «,lony may be made it car, b e m »J pared and the appearance is ioxy which i very detrimental and depreciates ite value The market price to-day would be aboit 3s' Per lb.; a similar-sized bean, well prenared and daijc m c o l o r | w o u l d ^ ^ x The Sgdneg Morning Herald, noticing the agitation in Victoria against the dilatorinL of the Government here in dealing with the phylloxera question, says:-« The neglect Jhey (the Government) have displayed Slittle less than criminal. Wfa*n the disease fi? appeared at Camden the vineyard shouX have been uprooted at once, and wmpensatbn l I? . T - ^ legislated upon the subject in e 0 the r 8 same sleepy a v e fashion as we did regarding the rabbit question. Fortunately we have not been preyed upon by the phylloxera as by the rabbits, but that is our fortune not our desserts» After noting the alleged difficulty ef agreement in amount of c<jmpeneation to be paid, the Berald remarks : — The vignerons have waited over three S'ears for action on the part of the authorities, and their interests ehould not be disregarded They have a right to complain of the dilatorioiess that has been exhibited. It is to be tioped that the provisions of the Act are now tieing enforced, and that we may thus be enabled to crush out the phylloxera. It is near the time when the insects take to wing and there is no time to lose." The Minister for Justice laid the following letter on the table of the Assembly .--"Dabbo November 24, 1888.-Sir, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th instant, referring to my letter of the 15ih instant, referring to a previous letter of * P° the subject of the attack upon me by m n Mr. e u Levien. n I observe from the newspaper reports that Mr. Levien in Parliament on the 14th lnst. took exception to the paragraph therein in which be is referred to as 'an attorney as not yet struck off the rolls.' I Udtoit that Mr. Levien has fair reason for complaining of this paragraph, and I have to express my extreme regret that I was led to retaliate, even in the slightest degree, by just resentment at his ungenerous action in making charges against my moral character as a judge —charges which, so far as I can gather, he now admits to be unfounded, asserting that he did not mean to impute to me any moral misconduct. I therefore desire to withdraw the offensive expression and to apologise for having used it. Perhaps the Minister may see fit to make an intimation of this to Mr. Levien.— I have, &c.;, ERNEST B. DOCKEB. The Under- Secretary, Department of Justice." Three men, named Thomas Taylor, Stanton, and Gray, had what must be regarded as a miraculous escape from an awfully sudden death the other evening about 6 o'clock, whilst working at the Huthfield Colliery, Mount Vincent. From what we (Maitland Mercury) can gleaD, it appears that the men were engaged in what is technically known as "ringing" the shaft, being seated in a "cradle," which was kept in place by a couple of pieces of timber, which extended from side to side. Suddenly and without warning these timbers broke, and the men, cradle, and implements fell a distance of about 30 feet to the bottom of the shaft, where fortunately there were about five feet of water. The accident had beeu witnessed by several men who had just finished their shift, so that assistance was speedily rendered, and the men brought to the surface in a sad condition, being more dead than alive. Fortunately the cradle had not turned over in its descent, and to this and the fact of the water being at the bottom, the men owe their lives. It was found that Taylor, who was unconscious for a while, had both legs broken and his head seriously injured, whilst Gray's wrist was fractured, and Stanton escaped with a wounded head. During the thunderstorm which ushered in the "welcome rain on Friday, 30th ult, the electric fluid (says the Adelong Argus) struck the telegraph wire in front of theTumut post office. At about 10.15 a.m., Messrs. A. Fraser and W. Workman, who were engaged sorting a mail, heard a report such as would be made by a loud pistol shot, and on looking up saw sparks falling in the garden beside the office. A few minutes prior to the occurrence Mr. Fraser had been working the instrument, and had he been so engaged when the fluid entered the building the consequences would probably have been serious. It was found that the brasB switch at the instrument, and also the one connecting with the battery, which are £in. thick, were twisted, blackened, and melted around the plug-holes; new switches will have to be supplied. Tiieleading-in wire from the post in the street was fused and dropped dawn in burning fragments. When the wire snapped the electric fluid punctured a large hole in the iroD guttering of the verandah, and scorched the woodwork. Numerous persons in the street saw the flash dart along the telegraph wire to the cornet of the street at the Woolpack Hotel, where it fell to the ground in bright particles of fire. Near Mr. Madden's residence at the southernmost end of Fitzroystreeti a telegraph post was splintered by the lightning. An inquest was held last week by the district coroner at Goomoorah, fiO thiles from inverell, upon tha body of George Mason, shearer. It appears that the shearer and his mates Were employed on Arrawatta Station. Ln consequence of the weather they were not able to work, and adjourned to Judge's Hotel. Mason was playing pitch-and-toss outside; three swagmen came along, one of whom, named Cummings, made a wager with deceased, which he lost and declined to pay. Mason wanted to fight Cumminga, which he refused; This occurred about nooni Deceased continued drinking throughout the day. About 5 o'clock Mason, in spite of the entreaties of his mates, followed Cummings^ and insisted on fighting him. Some sparring took place, Mason falling. His mates say that deceased alterwatds sat up and shook hands with Cummings. He declined to go home, and his mates left him there, to return to the hotel. About 7 o'clock one of the employes at Judge's Hotel saw Mason lying about 80 yards from the hotel. He afterwards went to the spot and found the man lifeless. Dr. Knowles held a postmortem examination and found that the chest-bcne was broken and the neck dislocated. Mason's mates say Cummings never struck deceased. Two women on the verandah of the hotel swore that tbey saw and heard blows struck, and contradicted the statement that MaBon rose after he fell. A verdict of manslaughter was returned against James Cummings, who was taken to the lock- up. Deceased was not known locally. A letter was found on him from William Hume, Golds worth. 