Fireside Sparks. An 'anti-chap toilet cream' is advertised It will never become popular.' The girls are too fond of the chaps. Some men are light on their feet, while others are light in the head. It is said that no one can arrest the fiisht of time, bat whoii3 there who is not able to stop a minute. When a singer's throat is raw you can't expect her songs to be well done. ' I passed some ' queer,' and here I am in prison all on accotmterfeit,'' he sighed. The orean is supplied with 'stops,' but unfortunately the piano has none. \- I'm on the inside track,' said a pony of beer as it went galloping down a man's throat. A poet wants to know ' where the fleecy clouds are woven.' In the air-looms, of course. New explosives are being discovered daily, but powder is still good enough for the ladies. A doctor who speaks only one language may yet understand a great many tongues. ~ There is another fashionable institution that should be sat on,'' said the lecturer on hreiene, ' and tnat ts the bustle.' And every lady in the audience gave vent to an audible titter. Savs an Englishman now in this city : 'It strikes an Englishman as odd to hear even ing dress referred to in this country as ' full dress.' Tne phrase is oi course meaningless, for anv Vnd of dress is full dress, nnlfiss you leave 'on some garment that ordinarily goes with it.' = Harry, dear, do you smoke she asked ' Why queried Harry, in doubt. \- Because.1' she answered, ' papa has just got a box oi cigars and I know where he Rich host (to poor relative) — ' The duck seems to be pretty much all gone. Jams. How would you lie some of the dressing I' Poor relation — ' That will do nicely, sir; ht„3 a there is any left you might give me a small niece of the quack.' \- Young man.' said the minister, 'take my advice and1 get married.'' \- Take my advice and get married. I am interested in you.'' \- Jhank you. sir : but you ought to have spoken sooner. 'Liibeth'and I 'have made arrangements with the Justice of the Peace.' \- Do yon know how to play dominoes I' -Wei a little.' \- Wish you'd give me some idea how it's clayed. 5Tou see' my wife and I have been invited to a domino party next week, and we don't know any more about the game than a cat knows about astronomy.' -A domino party, eh? Why, don't you know that that isn't the sort of dominoes that zs meant 2 ' No, what is it then -Why, a domino party is a sort lof a masked' call and the dominoes are the masks that the people wear.' \- Sho 1 Ton don't tell me The idea of fifty or sixty people assembled at an evening party, and all gravely engaged in playing dominoes, was so funny to the person who had given this information that ne continued to smile all the way into town. -Yes.' bsS2 a business man, 'Singleton has been wonderfully successful, not parti c- i ularly c-n aexunt oi any shrewdness but because he is such a close collector. He is undoubtedly the best collector in this city.' \- 1 have heard so.- some fellow remarked, -and I used to believe it, but I have found that he is not such a successful collector after alh -How so.1' 'Well, you see. I have owed him a bill for quite a while and he never has succeeded in collecting it.' Girl (at the intelligence ofic-e) — ' Is ihe family shmail Young wife (cheerfully) — ' Only two.' Girl — ' Are ye both adults Young wife — - 1 — I'm afraid so/ Girl — ' Thin 111 decline. It's mess-elf will make three, and I'm oneqn3l to such a large family.'' Pastor — ' Jimmy, I was very much grieved to see you throwing those hard, icy snow balls at your brother yesterday.' Jimmy — - He axed me to, parson.' Pastor — ' Now yon are lying to me. I fear yon will grow- cp a wicked man, Jimmy.' Jimmy — -Truly bluely, parson. Yer see Dick is goin' to ketch in a ball nine next season-'' In warm weather tie lap dog wears a clipped coat and very oi'ea pants. Real estate owners don't like children, but they have co objection to pay rents. The man who lends a hand too often fre quent!*- fitdj himself without a leg to stand on. Shakespeare was not a broker ; bnt who else has famished so many stccs quotations. Xo matter how high an awning may be susp-eoded, it is only a shade ai»ve the street. The young man with a slender salary should choose for his wife a girl of email waste. Jack Gcodfellow's small brother : ' Jack, is there any cast tense of dae!' Jack (glcotnilj): 'Yes dun.' Z '?ox-gi.-t a-ks : 'What is the largest driving anim J f Should think a led elephant was the heaviest tho'.' A searcher after truths' wants to know :why it is, niih so m \ny negroes dying, no body ever sees a black ghost I' By the road side : — Tramp No. 1 : 'I say, Jen?, I've got a dandy name fer me eld shoes. Call 'es ? corporations' now.' — Tramp N \ 2 : *F r why, mt bov r' Tramp No. 1 : ? 'Cause th'.y've got no soles.' _ Baglev : ' I see that all the great guns inej are building now-a-dtys are rifled.' Gagley — '2f&t; at all. Some of the great gncs of society that I hare talked to lately are cothirg bat smooth bores.' Farmer, !o artist who is painting a pic ti rtM mil! ni » . - VTk. fc ye likely to get for a picture like that, mister! Artist : ' Aooat £500 ' Farmer, excited : ' About £5iO ! Why, by Jove, I'll sell the old mill itself for half that mon-y.' B5y field : 'Did I understand you to gay that the Na'ional Opera Company sings in Eneli-h V Dapont (ficetions'y) : ' Yes, En glish as she is spoke.' Blytield : ? Oh, I thought it was English a; she U broke.' 