COMPLIMENTARY CONCERT. • The complimentary concert to Mr. J. Hunter Stokes, was held on Thursday evening last, in the Rechabite Hall, and although the night was cold, the attendance was large. The proceedings were opened by Mr. Parfitt proposing that the Rev. J. G. Burke should occupy the chair, which post he filled to the entire satisfaction of all present. The programme, which promised an excellent and varied entertainment for the evening, was then commenced by a Band Selection which was very creditably performed considering the youth of most of the players. This was followed by a pianoforte duet, "Hussareuriti" which was well and carefully played by the Misses Kerr. The Glee " Away, Away," passed off very well, but some of the tenors were missed owing to indisposition. The Miss P. and A. Artis favored us with " H Corricolo" a light and lively duet performed in good style. Russell's "Maniac" an extreuifiy.varied and difficult song, was then rendered by Mr. J. f. M'Donneli, who possesses a powerful and cultivated baritone voice, and was warmly applauded by the audience, who were also greatly pleased with his song the "Raft" later in the evening. The piano solo "Gallop de Concert" by Keterer, was then given by Miss H. Lithgow, who shows considerable improvement since we farst had the pleasure -of hearing her. The charade " Captaiu's Ghost" then made an agreeable variety. It would scarcely be fair to distinguish any one in particular for all performed their parts with such effect that the whole proved a decided success. The, song'"Poet's dream" by*Miss H'Walter still proves that she is prosecuting her vocal studies with strikiug'advantages the clearnoss of her pronunciation being especially remarkable. The difficult overture to the " Crown Diamonds" was very creditably performed by the Misses Hodson, whom we regret to say we shall not have the pleasure of hearing for some time as they or their family purpose leaving the district. The famous selection " Flute Encliant&e;" for the organ and piano combined, rendered by the Misses Artis, was received by the audience with their usual appreciatiou of the musical talent of these young ladles. Miss Arfis was also much applauded for her song " Our last good- Bye." Instead the harp aud violin as stated on programme, we were treated to a choice cumijiuation of various instruments by Messrs. Scott, Giinther, Macintyre and Osunduff. Papa's •'Irish Diamonds" came nest. Miss D. Lithgow deserves unqualified pniise for her able rendering of this difficult piece, showing the result of careful training combined with asfcedy practice, which promises well for her future success. The solo on the claroinet, which was followed by an amusing recitation by Mr. Gatherer were well received. The song "The Old Windmill" was very-sweetly sung by Miss W. M'Nab, after which Miss P. Artis played the " Marseillaise" in her usual brilliant style, showing considerable command over the instrument. This was followed by an amusing charade, " Blackstone" in which much histrionic power was displayed by those acting. W. Park in the character of Mrs. Muggins took the audience by storm. The programme was brought to a conclusion by a fine selection from the " Bohemian Girl" which was rendered in a most efficient manner by Messrs. Deschamp. After due thanks had been proposed to the promoters of the entertainment by the chairman, and seconded by Mr. Kerr, the playing of the National Anthem by the baud concluded a very pleasant even- 