WHISPERS AT THE WINGS fiT-O." D dcesat matter a buttou vhaX like a panto mmiels petite wfll go and see it. .Afid aothsy an flowing to tea Royal arbece M2sdt far Giant KH2ctw coutuures his ratfaa-fedjle call- ing. Of aonneiapmrnente bare been amd® in tbe pieoe, auid there's more bustle about it jtfc&B; sefese, but its not a fauge ater get. A lot of nste liaa to be'awarded to Johnute Goorlay or tbe way he twgksiybli part emUrnonks life into tbe piece genially. Why daot yea girt good tbmU song 7 TSiereV toy mnuber of eobjecta .that opuld in toacbed up, I'm thoroughly diaupdnted tritii Mr. Aaaon'snettoraance'rM the King; tnt Mias £man Ghainbmi quite fetches yon in bv pretty and not too nrolnae nostttmna, I don't think 1 mentioned last week that Mr Hans PbiBlpa and Mr Alf Xawuki do slrit to. keep up tbe rereli aod that Mis Marie Brooks is real nice, ai Sir Demme Flaw. Thereb a. fine show of girle-jig, beautiful -sperimeos thegemw idbj den. all tif them, and tbdr drniu areas loveily as tbemselvea. I wonder if It is tbe fact that they ace to have a second edition of tbe putomisMkritb Johnnie Gouriay in : iuooV pott. awd Mi— Maggie Moore as an Irish wlady in Johnnie's (dace. That ought to strengthen tbe piece a bit. Tbe two tilings that strike sue most about ''Enniote" are the fine Imitative faculties -ef Jocobowakie. and tbe really clever comedy turn 4a about BUlie Elton. Sullivan need to swear by 'Trial by Jury0 for imitation —from Handel down to the signer minatrel "pot boiler"; ami the score-pro yidg of our latest ww«c opera gives no same fair re- minisdences of txie stock French com- . posers, with a dash of Sullivan In the way be uses bis strings and reeds. Originality in these things is at a (omnium now-a-days, and I suppose we have to accept tbe proverbial half a loaf as better than no bread. I didn't eee Harry Paulton in tbe part : of Cade&ux;— Fve heard some of bis burlesque lectures though— but I'm quite satisfied witn Mr. Elton. You mav say what you like-— that be overdoes it, that he condescends to rather much fooling, but there sire others who bold oa firm ou opinion that it is as broadly humorous bit of acting as we've seen for a long time. If it is admitted that the gap about first offence and proving an olibi are Just lug ged in rather too frequently it may also be suggested that Billie Elton is "Eaninie " tod " Enni&ie; " Is BUlie Eltcm. It has been asserted tbat Shakespeare wrote the nan of ICe ghost in " Hamlet3 for himself. If it is true he did not appropriate all the "tot" for himself. But not so Mister Horry Paulton with Cadeaux, and hence it is tbat one cannot really write anything particular about any other body in the cast. AU round it is an efficient one, and, as I have mid before, tbe management have shown characteristic liber ality and completeness in tbe way in whicb Obey have put rErminie" on tbe stage, Fm tola it's to run three weeks, but I fancy it wiU "stay" longer than that. "Sophia" bos unquestionably soared a success at tbe Bijou. Nightly since tbe pro duction ot the; comedy the theatre baa been pretty well crowded, and tbe reception ac corded the piece is of the most flattering kind. Further thaa that, all concerned act closer up to each other. t I do not know that tbeie is any improvement in tbe re presentation. It is on the whole evenly played, no one iu particular ei&nding; nut with marked Erominence. By-tbe-bye, a very amusing under was perpetrated in my notice last week. Tbe name Mias Florenoe Nightingale was given for tbat of Miss Florenoe TVe velyan. A thousand apologies. It is gratifying to see tbat Mr B. Brougb is about again. He has fot a shake, and no mistake,and I fancy it will e some tune ere be treads the boards again. After next week we will koow tbe Iuli&u; 0|iera Company no more. They pack up their voices, sad thmr trunks, and get themselves bence to the land from whence they came. Well, there is one reflection — they cannot say that musical Melbourne has treated them badly. If you ask me I should most emphatically say that they have been loyally supported. Indeed it is a sur prise to me tbat they have kept on doing so well for so long a time. Even now at the Alexandra they are attracting fairly numerous audiences, and it has to be remembered that they are simply giving repeats. On Saturday night, however, "Martha" is to be presented for the first time by this company, and it may be expected that there ore many wbb 'will gladly listen once again to Flotoars music. A good, strong, sensational raelodrsina hardly ever fails to draw. Some people would ratiier have their bair standing on end than their ear fascinated by the sweetest of sweet sounds, To such the bill at tbe Opera House must be a veritable boon and blessing. And it looks so. for the lively and energetic Arthur siuileth tee smile of tbe aatisfied as be observeth the people "rolliiur up" to his show nigbt after night. There is, however, in be a change in the programme on Saturday. They Eroduce a nautical drama colled " Missing at loyd's," in which a collision at sea is to be one of the big effects. Considering that this is the holiday eea?on a very happy and appropriate change has been made in the first part at St. George's HjII. All hands ore piped on board the "Success," and on her a four is made round the world, and many notable places arc dioramically visiiad. Of course there ib en voyage fitting music in the rendering of which the principal tourists dis tinguish themselves. A prominent feature of the amusements on board ship are the con tributions, vocal and acrobatic, by the Faust Family. The second portion of the programme is mode up- of some enjoyable turns, one of which introduces the Cogilla in more funny fooling. As it ought to do, tbe show is draw ing the "sugar." Manager Ashtan is displaying a needed energetic and changeful spirit at the Vicious Hall. People can t be expected fo go week after week and see the same faces and bear the same voices ; and this clearing out process might be considerably extended. .To oe in the fashion they've got a new big thing in the programme just now. It is called "An Oriental Palace." and it is an attractive bortof scene. But why isn't the Sultan and others of thein " squatted "on the floor behind long pipes in tnie Turkish fashion ; and some more display might be made of the girls. The music isnt up to much. During tbe after part Sylvogiveaa taste of his smartness and skill as on equilibrist, and, Mr E. A Glover i« clever and effective in his panel portrait sketch. The London Gaiety people leave home on 28th April, and open in Melbourne ou 9th June. They will be iu Australia some four months, and then they go to America for a November opening. . G rattan Rtggs and Charlie Miration's Comi>any are doing "First Class1' at Sandhurst, where at tbe St. James's Hall they have a pautomine of " Little Bed Ridingkood." . . Naturally Sydney has a fall bill. At the Royal, which is now lighted by electricity, the pantomime of "Robinson Crusoe" has scared ; " Iu the Banks" is fill ing Rtgnold'e house ; " Litlle Jack Sbephard," with Charlie Brown iu Brough's part goes swimmingly at the On ; Dampier bos put on tbe sensational drama "The World Against Herewith tbedfrired result; J. L. Hal) is giving them "Our Girls" at tbe Standard ; and while Frank Clark's combination ere filling the Opera House Maccabe attracts targe audiences to she Academy. . , At Adelaide "Held by the Enemy" is in great favor at . the Royal ; and Tommy ' Hudson continues to reap a harvest at Garner's Rooms. . . Newcastle bos given tbe Holloway Jenyns pro duction of " Hoodmon Blind" a warm recep- ' tion. . . . It was fixed to givo Mr. Charles Warner a benefit ou tbe 9th ult, prior to his leaving for these parts. "... Ladies this , for your special benefit. It is from Shirly .Brooks's notice in the "Fink 'un of the re vival of " Pinafore" : — " Miss Gt raiding Ulrnar might, perhaps, with advantage mode rate tee ferocity of her bustle, whicb now seems to threaten to pull her bind legs off the floor at erery second turn ; aod in all else, however, she is- delicious— dresses, voice, ant ing, pereonal attractiveness and alL" . . Some of our acting managers think them selves dons at writing advertisements, but teeymay take a bick seat when some of their Yankeeoompeera are around oa the war path. This appears as an advertisement id the Bottom Herald about a place of entertainment, which is situated in the "Hub of the Universe," and which bean M® , kfc comprehensive title of The World s Museum "Noob — Was tee first manager who ever attempted to rus a menagerie. His eeaaon was a very abort one, bowerer, and after forty days of extremely "bad business, owing to rainy weather, ho etranded at Mount Ararat He paid all aalarira in full and the company dis- banded. The World's Museum has profited by Noah's mistake, and (o its vast menagerie has addedaetageshow wlucheoraon all thesame from 11 in tee morning till 10.30 iu tbe'evai. ing. That touch about tbe "fortv days1 extremely bad burincas " ia good. 