oTHE. EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. ° M. NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AT uUBASTIS.? (mTa trM8ms,) The excavation of the Great Temple of Bubastie (the ruins of whioh;it will be remem. n bered;weredlecoveredlaetyear byM. Navilel) Is we resumed somefve orsix weeks ago, and is is now In full progress. ' -Former operations I, conducted by the Egypt Exploration gFund have 'for the most'part.been carried on in a places remote ifrom the beaten track; but Is M., Naville, by- marohinRg 'his little ;oarmy[ of diggers to Tell Basta, has l brought his, work not only within an easy Id distaece of Cairo, but-within a few minutes' re walk of Zagazig, the meeting-place of a net work of railway lines; and the head quarters e of the, Egyptian: cotton trade. Zsgazig station may be deaorlbed as the Malinee of w the Eastern Delta-the bourne for whloh II every traveller, whether his destination be I Damletti, Mansnrah,-' Slablyehi Suez,'or Port alid, Is inevitably bound. ,As all trains e stop here, and as there Is generally a dreary hiatus of a couple of hours between the arrival of the. incoming train and the de. is parture of the next, It may ° readily be' imagined ,with-' .what eagernese the tourists of the present season' are just now: e thronging to the sacene of-M. Navlille'e u labours, The work of the EgyptExplora" a tion'Fund has, in short, 'beoome a popular II institution; and' instead' of.=!living like d anohorites in desert' solitudes where the e, impress of a patent leather boot upon the o asnde was as startling a novelty'ae the ,t famous foot print on the ahore'of Robinson , Crusoe's Island; 'tho' explorers are now 0 Oheered bythe daily vsialta of'numeroua e travellers of all 'ranks and?ilnatioaal,. h ties. The scene seoouriously pioturesque" i Here; grouped together -on the' verge of the great' Cemetery 'of' Saored' Cats are the tents of the "oeofers-of the Fund; t yonder, swarming like ,bees 'atthebottom' Sof the huge -corater-like 'depresaion'which t markes thearea ofthe temple; are seen 300 a to' 400 .labourers-dtggere in the :trenoheo and pita; 'basket-oaerier: clearing away th. eoil as it is thrown out, overecrs, to keep'the diggers at:work,?V.*,pathway-men'. to keep if the. paths: open aund.thereoarriers: moving, d 'gangs cif:,brawny.r ' Shbayalin,'5 or, native Sportdrs, harnessed - together- ~by stout ropee,.c 'and -.hauling or-itturning aculp. lured blooks ,whioh<, -have .,not seen the Illght for., many centuries; - girl, t withhbowls-,of water and :spoges,. to wipe ci down the carved surfaces proparatory to the ,' process of; taking. paper?.!! queezes ;" and o smallboys to run on errandse, help with,the r meaeuring.tapes, and .keep guard over the, J tents and baggage., ,,ith so many hands at ti work and so manuyovereers'to, keep them going, it is not wonderful that the excavar, S'Ions make rapid progress, -The two large e pits iwhich wereopened last. season are now thrown into one, and are boeing enlarged from east to weet,-followiog the axis of,the etruo r, tre. The sides are also being cleared, and before another nionth shall have- expired tho , whole temple-of which, app.rently, not one stone remainse pon-another-will he vilsible from end to end. Its entire length ,dis probably ,about 70011ft.- or SOOft. ; but measurements, of, ourase, are as yet purely e conjectural. . We-may remind our readers that the pits ie sunk last season disclosed the site of agrand o hypostyle baoll, strewn ,vwith, fallen mono. o lithit .columns - of, the cItwelfth dynasty workmanship,'and a-hall; without.columns, e but i lined as e It should - seem ,: with ia olabo?ate bas-relief soulptures represente, ing- 'a great rellgioua~ s oeremony;,.and t containinogtens of thousands of minutely r execuled hieroglyphic insoriptions. - 'The i columns of architraves 'oi hypostyle-hall, r though of an earlier.period, are " emblazoned e with tho ovals of .Rmeses II. The ineorlp. Slione of :the festival hall commemorate k Osorkon II., of the'twenty'eeoond dynasty,: k and his. Queee- Karoama. Besides the two hislatorical landmarks thus , determined, o various blookse bearing !the names of a Ueerleaen III. ,and Pepti derira, testified d to the existence Ilof the :-edcfioe not only in the days of the first great Theban Empire, but in. the. very ..remote . ge of e the Pyramid Kings of the 6th dynasty. . As e the same time, a-emall- tntativeexoavation ,f at the western extremity of the site yielded I the name and titles of Nectanebo 'I, of.the 30th aud last native dyna ty. Such being the outonme of but four weeks' labour at p theclose of the. season in! 1887; I.estemed t reasonable to hope for Important results I when the. excavations should be resumed. \- This hope Is being more than fulfilled; and a every week-it might almost be said every k day-yield some new and valuable link in a the chain of historio evidence. : , I, A ithird: hall, : dating 'from the , reign of Osorkon L, has now been found betwee the I hypoelyle hail' of Bameset- II. cand the e reetival hall of Osorkon e: II The roof ,was t snpported by two large ool?mns with palm ScaOpitals, and the Walls were sculptured-with bas-reliefa ,on-a large anals, representing' \- Oaorkon I. in the not of worehipping.BSit an other deities of the city.' Esetward ihat is to say, at''the end -by whlohh-thbe temple was entered-two'1l arallel trenches have revea'ed the tile of a colonnade; and here' the base '.f a estatue of! Ne?raneb t I, has been found ; thus ahowing"that hbe made additions 'o both oextremities of the structure, '"The'western'end, now in course of exoavation, appears to'be of great width'; but its length li'e yet not asoertained. That'it contains the eanotuary'may be taken for granted, and'the.e anolary is prbhably the work of hIeotieebo. ' Unlike mnst Egyptlsn temples,'the great temple' of Bait not a not appear to bave been proteoted'y one 0o these m.elsve aerde' brick ' l' 'blob tendered tle temple'aoflKarak ?and' Tanil as impriegnable as fortre'eseee. Hers doeus express y atates that 'it wa- ser' rounded by a "low wall havingi t6~aea' 'engraved upon' it';" and this low wall, like the splendid eoreen running round the great 'temple of Edfoo,'-was evidennily of'.-:'ones bculptured in bas.relief.' Like the rest of the btilding, it inust'have been'of rbd' granite,' and we may hope 'that some potions dof' it may yet be dioosieoed,' Tie Bnbaotitee, at' 'il1 event,, seem to'havi 'been too proud of their famoues"temple'to'maek its beauties by a circuit of unsightly ramparts. So'much for the progress made in exoava- ling the dltjeta- menibra"o'f"the' building'; the " fds,' however; aro" yet more' note worthy. That Bublatie woe the" site"of ai Inmd ocrtmnt Hyksoa settlement Is what no one sanpeoted; but ' 'l a 'laent dtiolnsivbe established by the work of thir'present s.naon. Two black aranite statues (onb' no fornnately bediess) of th unmleistlik'eabl Hykeosoa type, the 'lower halff of i?'seated ettune of an unknooirn'ling, alsooof Hykaoe work, 'and a ' e rbd 'gianitehrobitrave on. graved with th~i cartonohe of Apepl,' the ,oat fame-e of the Hiyksoe rulers, have bein discnvered, all tear together within the last three weeks. The first found of the b ack 'graiite pair' sl h'bes.desoribed In one of he weekly reports despatched to the com* mtere of the.Egypt Eplteiration Fund by 1M, Navillo :- " In digging to the' enthlward of theHaill of Ororkon I , we found firat the headdress of a eolosal statue in black. 'ReSnile" tilt, head 'rcken je &t; i t'k"nn' li?el'uf :he 'cy'a,' nd presently tho' i~~i" r ''art of lthb'?facer The lets oheek and the beard are duainged, hot tho right aide is perfect, and the two t alves fit each other exactly. The type of o the face Is Hykeos; he sunken cheeks and the projeoleg mouth beinog exactly like a those of the Tenss sphinxes. The headdress Sle thet'nmem,' with the urvuse. The base and I feet of this statue are still lying at bhe bottom ofa deep pool, whence they will have i to be hauled out when the 'water has come. o what subsided. 'A statue of a Ilykos King d wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royalty' is oertainly unique." r The compaion 'statue. (beadlee') was ls found on y 'en days ago, also into a pool of a water. Osorkon II, hae. engraved his ovals g on the side of, the throne on which the sr tatue sits, and has erased those of lameses e II,. which-that' Pharoah bad cutlpon' tbe d front; 'beside the right'. le of" the statue, e having himself 'erased the 'names of the d original' oiViesir,"i womeoever he' may have a been,! As these statues were found near the architrave of Apepi,'it ta pr bableenough that they are portraitt of that king.;,., .. 'The other Mykeoa 'statue,. broken off at the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr Navllle writes, under date 18th'March : ",Our most important disomvery tip to the preaset time was made 'yesterday' morniog' I had notibed on Friday the corner of a blook of poliahed'blac 'granitoe which I thought might belong to some good monument, If and I had it unerarthed yesterday. Is proved to be the lower half of 'a lifzesiz figure of veryl beautiful workmanship, ,witth two d columns of: finoly-outheiroglypha engraved ,a down each side of ,the front of the throne d to right"'and':"left' of 'the legs of e the statue. Thesos'Inscriptione 'give.the It name and' titles of1 an absolutely unknown l King, who, judging from.ths work, most is belolng to the yksboe"'priod,'or,' at all y ev 'tse, to one of the obscure dynbaties pro a ceding the Hykeoo invasion. I forward a I1 copy, of the isoariptionS. ,. One cartouche re contains a sign which,is quite new:to: me, g and whioh'I therefore cannot decipher. The f other reads 'Ian' Ra' or Ra.ian'-_-a name b unlike any I 'have ever "seen, .t" ''H 'de. w soribbd, neoat tr? agely, as the worshiperof ir bts Ka ( ei;' ils' ghost'or double): '. .' : 'Sines writing ,the above, I haveben' y over j to' Buulak, and"'have' sow'n my Soor'yj of the in?oriptions to Altmed Kemal. Sed Doen Effendi, bhe Mahomedan official y. 'attached to the' museum... He wae" deeply .intoeeted, and said at once, .'That is the 'Pharaoh of Joseph. All our Arab books ' oall him Retya, the '?n of El'WellSd''' He `then! 'wrote' the' name' for' mre in"'Arablo,' r which I enclose hbikedith. 'For my own part I know nothiug of Arab literature or' Arab tradition.' I should not, however, ob die. a posed to attach much Weight to this curious ia coincidence. ,Still,'. i it ' ourious, and n bertainly interesting,." .,- L . I : W 'Such isMr Naville'os account of 'thil IN remarkable statue;"which isn now drawing -orotvde of visitors to' Tell' Basta', and has s jutbeen photographed by Emil Brogsoh 1 Soy,' ledderof the Boelak' Museum; and an a acoom'plhhed photographer.' The photo. I graph',gives a front view of the, iaoribed m throne with theblegesand feet of the statue. h It also shows the left: thigh, 'foreshortened 10 'and blad in the striped " shenti," or folded as 'kilt The mutilated fingers of the left hand 'are seen res ie g 'on the' left knee, The e modelling of the knees -and lege 'is admirt p able; and the hieroglyphs are brilliantly out, ;: the !klng,- In addition to his oarfoucheo, ,' 'being styled: thi ! G'd Gcd.?',and the It Son'of Ra,"; ". ' ' ý. - ' The name, as' pointed out by M. Navillo, may' be' read with the syllable ?ItRs" as b either a prefii or a' suffix-as, for oinstance, o Ranieri aud"Raenueir' umay with 'e'at pro. e preety be rendered do Merirs andUsereora. d Whbthor we tak'ot 'i as'? ' Ian-Ra"obr. Ri' t ian,' 'the' nam'' of' tbis"newKing 'has a ,e, strange,'.barbaria'aspet,; and looks like as t attempt at' writing a; .foreign'. name 'in SEgyptian characters e. That it exoctly q treneliterates the "tEr.;Reiydo:' 'of' Arab e tradi ion caenotl'beil denied; but-"it V must :'be' remembered 'that Oriental n tradition' is notoriously b untrubtworthy, andi that the Arab" nam'o g.ven d to' oseph'a. Pnarcab ' ydi'-"idetIly anI o appjrlativ;0 being pireceded, ike 'tliat of bhi it father, by the article'" Arab 'writers of aEgyptisn,hlstory are,; in fact, much upon a h par with the authors of the Atruriancyole, it aed the taled, of :the :Paladins of Charler y magoo. Cradled in an atmosphere of super. Sstitton, they behold'all 'things through a a mi'age'of' romanoe. ' They 'regardedtihe d moduiments 'ofanoclent" Egypt' as works 'of I. .megic, and the. Pharoahe who. built p them' as mighty '"orcerser;., and. , if r, here and. tbere:a thread iof. genuine h ,local . tradition bsbe . iaterwqven with the fabulous tissue of their, narratives, .the I whole fe so'.olearly unhistorical' that we -must despair of ever definitely separating Ithe true from" the' false. Joeph is ;the 'beloved hero of a:inultitdoe of Arab legends' I and where'th' Biblical' narrative of his life fails to seply 'any'apecial detail,' such us a Sproper 'name, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from purely ,Arab sources,- Thus Potiphare' wife becomea'Zoleika, and':he ,anonymous ePhsraoh.is introduced as 'an i Amalekite Prince' named I Er 'Reiyan, I the I 0on of El 'Welid. 'Tht "'the t stranger hordes' which" Invaded' Egypt under the leadership of?" thii' Hykos f may have inuluded'rn'Ami'aleklte ooddingent I Is not i1posaible; for the Amalekites of old were a. mighty~nation, and their territory I bordered upon ,Egypt., But if we turn to e the, pages of ,El'Makrizi-a sober wri or, iworty of all oredit ,when dealing?with the topography of.Cgiro and such .other subjects as come withink his kn.wledge and observa s tion-we at o?oe's ee bhbiv"littled a' fairly ,trustworthy Arab may be'-trusted, when i bl 4only sources,, of. Informnation, are toe i legends transmitted . by bhis .own 'countrymen, Havino' related" how' the Amslekites, led'by'Welld, son of Doml', 1.invaded Egypt.!theo?irled by. "Aymen of oona," and slow the Egyptians "with': an exceeding great slaughter," he goes on to say that the followers of Welid chose him {to reign over themn, and ih'.t his'rrule' lasted for 10O yoar's.' "'?'Ad' he weoit .fnrjihto' attain the senroes of the Nile, and lie beheld the' IMountaino of the Moon,'and. he was absent for forty years." ' Hethen riet?rned to 'Egypt, and again subdued Pharooh SAym'en, why again opposed' bhim'" '. '"And Pharaoli:'Aymenfl'.d,'and' Welid reduced the people of Egypt to slavery, and ruled over theme'fd"r 120' yearst.tll"'he parishedr I '. A' dhlbi cozioEr Rbivani, the son of El Welid, the son of' Domi,l one of the Amalekites reigned; and he ,id' oane of the most powerful of the people of' the' earth in his time and the' greatest 'King. I Now: the Amalektea?wre dere ?aicended' from Am'ik, seon of Lotid (Lud),esoe f 8 ris (Sham), sobeof Nue (Nlab); add EroRelyanwasthe "Pharaoh of Jo0seh, on whbm be'peaoo' '.: ; . And it Is said that the'Par-ob of Joieph'.w,' 'h?e' ?aindfather of the Pharaoh of Mioses, his father's fw'the.b-"ail'!'hi?'?" wa. 'Barlihe; and'hb *ts'slofty' 6f ;tastirs ?eind beao'tiful of countenanoe"'And after him I 'r. igRdd ?1?" sod Derlaricsl'and i i alsro1 'oallr'dDarim' ded?o Er 'Reoiu"'.ae ?d" bhewas/ the' feorthPhiraoh,'and,Yasit, S Jb 3 1B?h)"wae S'Bitief as this extraot.is, it suffioes to show Ithe' anolfol character,' the glaring oontra. 'dictions, and' the': utter rvaluleslsnet 'oof Eqgyptian hletrtory -:wben' 'written' with the i rbod' 'pen"'of' 'the ' Arab' 'bronloli'r. The lnva'lon"'' of' the ' AmalIktee based perhaps on some vague.memoryf the lHykeos onrqoest-- vanishet? into itthe I regloe ,f fablshe, aed the 'vie oriue' t id'ii I 'ivhbbu; family/i,?te'i be'gins'" with' ,a,"da? t?bc' ! their pltace mo?g,?g thb sbhadon hj;roei sf the Thousand and One Nights ThatitheI Ilerned sand couorteous Ahmed Kemal-ed. 'Deen Effendi (who Is, be It obserired,'the only Orlental lgyptcloglst in the world, and I a good hieroglyphifo seobolar), should nave recognised the Muslim name of R'iyan in that of the unknown Hyksee k ng is a ploturesque tincldent whlch at once appeals to our imagination, but the do dotln is ones whloh Eur' pe.n soebolars are bound to receve witu extreme re'erve. In the meanwhi'e It must be concesed that the II loterr'for- letier identity of the two nnmesis, to riay the least of it, very ox'raordinary. We must no, however, forg't that "R'-ieon" may, with : equal correctness hbe read a " Ian-BRs," and "Ian-R" la curiouel like the name f the Hykebs "Isannaes".'or "Janlas," : 'who in ' long quota. e tion; wh'obhi.professes .to. be igiven ver. 'batlm from Manetho. by.Josephbu (answer toAplen,?Bodk. I,, etion,1 14),is lesaid to have reigned for fifi?'years and oan mbith;,' " I and.to have been the uouneseor of Apopblh S'and'the predeoessor of Asir,. It would be a unreasonable to doubt thatIannas le as truly an bhltoricaol personage as Apopi, and it is d I as least possible that Ianon and Ian.Ra s may be one and the same. That Joseph e o served a Hykeos king has long been accepted '. by th4 majorlity of Egyptologiste as a very g probable hypothesis, both chronologloally Sand from the internal evidence of the 0 Biblical narrative., S Other disooverles, soarcely less Interesting, I have uewarded theo labours of the fortunate a explorers. The faot that the 18th Egyptian a dynasty-the famous dynasty of the s Thothmes and Amenhotep Kings--hould e have left no traces of their power in the Sgreatloitieseof the Delta, has long been a pdzzling problem.' Within the last three weekd, however, two' life-alzo statues of a e ribe of:,that period have, boon found. h Though otherwiie perfehbt they are nnlcokily headless. The figures sit roseeslegged, each t o diig'- a half-unrolled papyrus soroll Supon his lap, his name and titles.being engraven on the scroll. From these inserip e ons iwelearn that his name was Amenhob to"p; and"thatt lbe was styled "'the Prince, k the great friend who loves hle Lord, the t Ohioflof the Works of ble.King and of the 0ro evinces, and 'of the Mrshrlands of the d North.",,Hoe wears a loose garment secnred if byibraoes,'and on the brooob-lhke ornament D whioth conneets the braces,,as well as upon d his' lght 'shoulder, is 'engraven she oar' e tabulie "of' Amenhotep UI, Khuenaten, theI is disc': worshipping 'Pharoah, who Ieticooeded''Amenhotep III., and founded Sthe ioty' of 1Tell-el-Amarna, is aleo repro it seetel by seoolptured fragment containing II the esored oval of Aten-Ra, the deity of the a disc. 1 !These objecse are of great historical a moment, inasmuoh as they show (I) that 1e the temple of Bast, after being enrihobed by a, the Hykeo 'Kings, and before being rebuilt o by' Ramesis' II. was yet flourishabing In the to tims of ithesRestration; and (2) that': the \- 'dieo-worship promulgated by Khuesaten I 'extended to the Delaes. Till now it his Ibeen( traced no further. northward 'than in Memphis. , ý r.. 'Amo ng'other' valuable finds bearing upon the historials continuity of the temple may el be nientioned a colossal head and torso in y red granite; insoilbed; with the ovals of 1 Raimeses IL' (191h dynasty), and a blaok Sganite statue of this King, of herolo ese, the striped,,headdiresi, 'ooloured ' alternatoly 0 amber..and, blue,. the hands roeting on 'the Iknees,e and bearing the following nb lasorlption t-" As '! long.:ae the world sball last, thy monuments will pros 0 per, King nRameses." This fine statue' is broken in tiro, but is other. waiee uninjured.' There have also been found (1) a head and 'torso of a standing g king in red granite, probably Rameaes VI ' (20th dynasty) ; (2) a small basalt statue of n a Saite priest besring the oartonohes of SApries, the Biblioal Hophra (28th dynasty); d (3), a beautiful fragment "of a statue of Neotanebb I." (30th ' dynasety);' (4) two G. Greek .lnseriptionse on black granite dedi. d oated"' to "'Ptolemy `'V, "" and 'Queen d Cleopsta"'It' by one: Apollonius, son of rd Theon, who styles himselif' 'one , of the King's friends; "! thus arrying, on the his cry ory of the temple to the second century n o. 1 A' .very .important inscription on a block belonging to-the, testival hall has also a 'turnedup, glving the -date of the' festival, 'whidb, strangely enough, proves to-have 0, been held in "honour of the: Thebanugod '~Amqn, in the twenty-second yearof the 3,reignoof OaorkonII.? on' "the" first dayof the lt nitnth of Sh," the s'eaen' oflnfnui datibin, MHN;alle writee b" But what is most extraordinary is the VnAtlnumber of'colosele statues which must Shvo crowded the temple before the festival ° hall was built''nearly all sneoh'as were'of red ,b granite havlng-been out u up wholesale by t OroLkoon for building bloke.h 'We oonstantly l discobver pssages'of the festival leiseriptions on' fragmeni ofstatnes whihob have been built Into the walls; and it is not at all an. n' eudl to find part of a sanored boat which- is i being' 'carried,' in' 'procession ,upon priests' f shodulders, on one aide of a block, and on' the other aide a head'of Ramesell. II-sometimes defaced, but "eomnetimes; inf a fair' state of p'desbrvatioa.. " So' "little lid the' kings 'of SEypt respect the Image(iof ethlir;predeceso e uoh are some of the splendid. results of f tihe xplorations carried on by M. Naville, Sassla'ted, as last year, by Mr. F.Llewellyn f Giffith and Count d'Hulst, during 'the last e few ,eek at Tell Brata; and the: .eaeon is h not yet over." Who:shall say what now treasures the next'month.,may not bring to lighi, or what new faots oonnected with the g obscure but deeply interestloc Hyksbo period u may not be in store for.,us· Except only the" great temple 'fi, Tanl, excasvated by Marlette some-twenty;eight years ago,. no a Egyptian ruin upon so colossal a scale' had y beenys?itemstteally explored, or has yielded Ss rich a harvest. 