A VEXIilSTTA. A cold, blcak afternoon, late in October, with clouds that linng low in the Bkv, and a sort of damivmist hovo'ring over tho flat bog through which our road stretches intermin ably before us'. Not n cheering prospect by .any manner of menns j aud, as we have already driven, five ^monotonous mites, and have foiir more to travel, over, perhaps, tho worst bit b'£ road in' County llayo, in that fiendish invention of human ingenuity, nn outside ear, I'might Buroly be excused i£ my spirits wero not at their highest pitch, especially ns. X. finished my last cigar two miles back, and am beginning to cast en vious eyes nt Larry's stumpy black pipo. Nevertheless, I never was in better spirits in my. life, and am oblivious alike to mist, bog, dreariness, nnd discomfort. I havo done nothing but whistle waltzes and reels since the last cigar departed this life — nay, have 1 not laughed at every ^one of Larry's frequent jokeB till, by my rash encouragement, ho has become elated, and threatens to grow into a bore. On tlio whole, it would tako a good deal to depress mo to-day. And no wonder, for my regiment has only been home a week from 'the ' gorgeous Kast,' I have just got my company, and to-morrow I am to be married to the sweetest girl in tho world. Bless her sweet face ) I smile ns it rises up before me, with its glittering mist of golden hair. I wondor it this year has changed her mupli ; but what elinngo could there bo in her winsome face and pretty ways? Lot mo see, Was it not somowhero about hero we parted ? Yes, there is the old cabin with its crumbling roof where wo stopped when I would let her go no further ; and then Larry and the car overtook us, and 1 drove away, leaving her standing thero with her violet 'eyes shining through tears, nnd hor month quivering with tho effort to smile. It wns not a day liko this, though, I remember, but bright and clear, with a sharp, cold wind. Oh, how could I have gone and left hor liko that. 1 How I wanted to carry her off then and there, and never let her go again I But nevermind j tlio weary year is over at last, and after to- morrow no one shall over part us, Hero wo overtook nn ancient femalo in a cap and striped shawl, who.turns up to us a face like a vory old walnut, and I recognise Sydney's old nurse. ' Why, Biddy, is it you ?' while delighted exclamations of, ' Sure, nnd it's the captain himself, nnd joy bo wid him I' proceeded from Biddy, I am not in tho gazotto yet, but tlioy are always good enough to givo ono brevet rank nt lvilbiggin, after tho flattering custom of tho Irish pennant. ' Why, Biddy, this is n long way for you to bo from home nt this time of dny I Jump up, and we'll givo you a lift.' And so, with a shower o£ benedictions, the mildest of which ought to make me a happy man for lifo, Biddy is hauled into the car, nnd tho gray maro once moro resumes her usual jog-trot. 'Aud how aro all at tho house? How's Mlai Sydney 2' I ask, when tho big basket has been safely stowed away- and Biduy's thanks and apologies wero over. ' Ah, then, captain, darliu', they're all ns well as well : but Miss Sydney, bless tho swate dear 1 she'll be tlio better for seeing you.' ' Seeing mo ! what do you mean?' I in quired, hastily, rather startled. ' She hasn't been ill?' II Niver a bit of il — the saints forbid 1 But its wenryin' she'll ho for a .sight of your handsome face aud sho boams upon me in n way which is friendly to a degree, whilo Larry grins sympathetically. 'Butit|s shocking bad weather, Biddy,' I say, by way ot changing tho conversation, which grows personal. ' I hopo it won't be this sort of tiling to-morrow, I am sure;' nnd I half unconsciously touch tho pocket where, in its silken and velvet case, rests the wco golden fetter which, to-morrow morning, will elinngo a maid iuto a wife, ' Oeli, thin, don't be nfthcr thinkin' such a thing 1' s:iys Iliddy, indignant. ' Iv.i't it a Sanday child Miss Sydney is, and hasn't she had the luck all her life, and is it rr.inin' it would bo on her marriage-day ? Hliure, and the saints woild be mighty 'ill-natured if tlioy didn't l.apc olT the rain, good luek to thim, but I don't believe their hearts is that black. _ No, sure, it. won't rain, don't you think it— and what for should it 1 Isn't it a lmppy, blissid bride tho swale dear's a-goin' to bo, and ain't we all as pleased as pleased 1 llarrin' you're a goin' to tako the blessed child to that hcttlier country away over the say.' ' Only to England, Biddy,' I say, humbly. And isn't that bad enough, I'd loike to know / Sure, and ye wouldn't lie wanting to ho taking her among thim haytiieii blacks?' ' Oh, dear, no, of courso not,' I answer, hrstily, ' but England isn't far off, you know, and we shall always bo coming back. By the way, Biddy, how's Hiss Sydney's great uncle at Ballyragin I' ' The heavens be his bed, he's hetther 1' is Biddy's pious answer. 'I'm precious glad of it! I thought he might ho going to die and then, you know, tho wedding would havo to bo put off.' 'JNo, thin, he wasn't going to die ; no fear of it, I was mighty, bothered, for he's my own foster- brother — indado, and it's the trath I'm tellin' you ; but I knew he'd pull through wid his sickness, and I never asked meselE afther at all, at all, for I got word from me brother's daughter's son-in-law's uncle, as is my master's own hoy at Bally ragin, and tho banshee's never been hcard at all, at all.' ' The banslieo 1' say I, with surprise, and feeling inclined to laugh, for a banshee seems a slender reed to trust to ; ' but I don't see how that proved it.' ' Sare, and how could n Glynno dio wid out the banslieo a-givin warnin'J' asks Biddy, solemnly. ' L)'ye think they're just loike any common fnmily, that can die, nnd no notice be taken?' ' Suro,' says Biddy, looking at me in sur prise, 'yer not inan'n to mako fnn of it? Ob, capt'in dear, don't be doin' that ; but maybe the great people iu England niver has the banshee, aud so ye don't know.' Biddy says this in a pitying tone of voice. ' Xo, I am happy to say they don't abound in England, though I don't doubt tlioy are very nice. But do tlioy always tell when people are going to die ? That must be very convenient.' A thought crosses my mind that tho afflicted relatives can order their mourning beforehand and grieve in advance, like the Queen in ' Through the Looking-Glass.' Uiddy still regards mo with suspicion. ' In some families the banshee's heard to keen wbiuover a misfortune's coming', but the Glynnesisonly heard whin it's a death,' sho says simply. ' And always then ?' ' Always, capt'in dear ; and it's everybody as'll tell ye the same. And another thing ; most banshees, anybody as is Oirish can hear thim; but the Glynno's banslieo, it's no one can hear it as hasn't the blood in theirveiiis ; 1'vo lieei'd it agin and agin, for it's the blood ns is in mo veins from the ould stock ; but I haven't heard it now for many and many's tho day. None of thim has died for fifteen years nor moro, praise be to the saints 1-Tho last was Miss Sydney's grandfather. Oeli I and didn't it mako me flesh creep to heaf it.!' - ? ' I hope it don't extend to. tho husbands ?tho Glymlcs rnarry^' LEny, trying to bo deeorously grnye. . . . - ,? ??:*? ?? ' Why,, Larry kissel's hcerd it,' continues Biddy. : 'Don'tyo mind, _Lnrry,.'. whin the ouhl lord attlio castle was took sick, and we liecrd the \yhite Lady, out ia tho park all night?' , ' 'Ay,' says Larry with satisfaction. ' And don't I mind— ' But here we nre in sight of tho low, grey stone ilouso of lvilbiggin, nnd there — yes, there is Sydney on the steps. With ono bound I am oft tho .car and at the door, nnd she and I nro together ng.iin once more. The first rapturous meeting over, we are alone, in tho drawing-room, with its carved ceiling nnd deep muliioncd windows ; the tables and chairs nre covered with a litter of cotton wool and silver paper, and yards of string form pitfalls for tho unwary.; for Sydney is. displaying to my gaze the. wonders of her wedding presents. Sho has just come in from a walk, and in her glossy sealskin jacket and golden-brown hat with its long feather drooping amid the bright waves of her hair, she makes tho bonniest ' picturc artist over tried in vain to paint. My eyes follow her ns she flits from ono thing to nnothor, whilo tho wild rose color in her cheeks deepens aud changes with every movement. Why does affection always look imbecile? I catch a glimpse of myself in the carvcd mirror opposite, nnd am quito startled at my own idiotic expression. ' Look, Harry dear ; what a lovely after noon tea-tablo from dear Mrs. O'Dowd — will it not bo pretty iii-our littlo house ? I am so glad you liko. tea. Oh, by tho way, what about lodgincs ; could you get any nt Win chester?' ' Oh, yns, to bo sure, I meant to toll you ; very nice ones, near St. Cross, The colonel's wife got them for ino ; sho has been .awfully good about it, and she and I havo Bcoured tho town in search ot rooms ever since we arrived. I thought that -would be tlio best plan ; to go into lodgings until wo could look about us at leisure for a pretty littlo house.' * . 'Yes, indeed. What fnn it will be I Fancy the furnishing I I amso glad we are hot going to be like some nrmy people, always living in other people's furniture, I should hate that, should not you 1 WhriFft dear little house wo flliall havo; all low, comfortable chairs and Persian rugs. I am afraid it will not look' quito respectable, it will bo ? so .'very pretty.' ' Why, aro prettiness and respectability id compatible?' I ask, laughing. . ' Very often. Don't you always notico that the moro correct nnd proper people are, tho uglier nnd stiffor the things they havo about them? But wo have such a lotof 'pretty new work. I am so glad most o£ my pres ents have been things for my house ; even Biddy's grandchildren made mo that kettle holder, Was it not nice of them ?' ' Cut this is not for the house ?' I say tak ing up a llussia leather travelling-bag, with gorgeous fittings, 'No; that is from Sir John nnd Lady Mnrphey. Wasn't it good of them? Anil Oh I Harry, I had almost forgotten to thank you for that lovely dressing ense, I neversaw anything so perfect; and tho dear little mongrani on everything I And this pearl lieclilaco is from thecastlo ;.and that is not for tho house, cither, of course. But then there is grandmamma's grand silver tea- set ; and— oh, yes I tlieso came from London yesterday, from auntie.' And sho displays two small Japanned spice cases of cheap appearance nnd hideous in design. 'FromLaJy Susan Stanley?' I inquire. ' By Jovo, how ugly I But she is anawful old screw, is sho not I' 'Well, yes, rather, I'm afraid, lieally, narry, you know, they aro not very pretty ; wo can't put theui in tho drawing- room, can wo I But still, it wns very kind of her to send them.' ' Well, then, let mo see ; this can't bo for tho house, either ;' and I take up a curious sortof littlo dirk, in a sheath of black and gold, of barbaric pattern and make, 'mile's it a bread-knife in disguise. Why, Sydney, child 1' I exclaim in surprise, as i narrowly escape cutting my fingers with tho keen sbnrp blade, ' what a murderous weapon I What sentimental school friend sent you this, moved by recollections of bandit tales and midnight attacks? Or is it the fashion in the d.iys for ladies to go about armed to the teetli 1 I shall have to be on my bitt be havior, I nee, if I do not wish to have a taste o£ cold ste^-1.' As X, look np somewhat surprised at re ceivini; no response to my laughing remarks, 1 see Sydney's clear eyes clouded over and a troubled look on her' face. ' Ah, Harry, don't !' she whispers, coming close to me nnd laying her hand on mine. ' Put that horrid thing down ; I hate tho very sight ttS it, thero is such a disagreeable tale iu connection with it. Let mo tell it to you now, nnd get it ovor. Bo you remember my telling you, just before you left here last year, that there was a young fellow coming to the rectory to read witli Mr. Ilawley? And X was so pleased on account o£ thollaw lejs, they are so poor, and 1 knew it would bo a help to them. Well, just nftor you had gone ho arrived— a dark, morose creature, with black eves aud a horrid, cynical smile. [ never took to him in tho least, and after ward I grew to dread him, ho was so cruel, Harry. Once ho kiilod -a dog because it would not follow liitn. IIow could I like him after that? But ho was always following me about and bothering ; and one day he met me out walking and would join me, though I tried to show him I did not want him. And all at once, before I knew what was coming or could stop 'him, he was talking in the most passionate manner, telling me I was the only thing he lived for, and that I should care for him. I was sorry for him at first, but I got quite angry nt last, when he would not stop in spite o£ all my remon strances, and so I told him tbnt I must beg him to he quiet, since no gentleman would speak in that mauner to aa.engaged girl. ' ' Engaged !' he said — just that one word, and then stood quite still before me. 'Yes, 'I told him, mo3t certainly I was en gaged, and supposed that ho was aware of it — everybody knew il. He turned upon me a face which appalled mo, and said, in tones which froze my very blood, — ' 'And do you think you shall marry any ono but me? You had better not dream of it. If that day ever comes it will be bettor for him that he had never been born ! Take care while there is time 1 This time next year I shall como again to ask you, and then, if you refuse me — ' ' Oh, how he frightened me 1 He looked liko a demon. I turned and ran from him, and, to my joy, he did not follow me. How I got home I scarcely know, but the next day I heard he had left the rectory suddenly ami gono to trnvel abroad. ' I nfcver wrote to you about it, Harry, be cause it was not the sort of thing one could tell properly in a letter, and I waited till I should see you. I have never heard another word o£ Fergus Fitzgerald since then, until tho other day wben-this arrived. Whether ho sent this as a warning, or what, I do not know, but I have the most unaccountable 'horror o£ it, perhaps from the recollection of him, and ever since I havo had such miser able presentiments o£ something frightful. I have been nervous about you. Ob, Harry, how thankful I was just now to see you safe and well?' ' Why, Sydney, darling, you're growing as superstitious as old Biddy 1 ' I say, laughing nnd kissing the slight fingers that clasp mine. 'Now, for my part, X think it merely a civil act o£ Mr. Wliat's-liis-namo, to show you ho regrets his violentconduct, and tacitly apolo gises by sending you such a wedding gift. Men. aro not quite accountable for what they do or what they say when they are deeply in love, and no doubt he has been sadly ashamed of himself fbr same time, and wants to let yon know it. ? ne certainly has queer taste in gifts, but it is a perfect 'thing in its way,' and I tako up the little weapon once more', this time.with more caution, and try on a piece of paper the blade, which is as keen ns a razor, of exquisite temper and finish, and engraved with curious arabesques. 'After all, it is the neatest thing ot its kind I ever saw ; no manufacturers o£ this sort ever equal foreign work. What is it, Spanish, Moorish ? ' , ' Cosrican, perhaps. 'His mother' was a Corsiciin, and he wns brought up on the island. Perhaps .that accounts for somo of his eccen tricities,' ' Upon my word, it is not a had thinjr, after all,' I say. ' The taste for tho curious is rabid now, and it would look rather well .on your chatolaino,: Sydney,' and I hold it against herslde.. . : ? ' Oh, no, no 1!' sho cries, shrinkini back. 'I wouldjiot woar it for worlds! Do not, Ilarr.v, please ! ' '????,???? 11 Vory well,' I say, seeing sho really do:s dislike the subjcct, ' then you shall not. But I hops your rcluctnnce does not extend to theso.'- .. . I produce the caso which lia3 been tho bane of my life during the. entire journey from town. and lny before hor delighted eyes the family diamonds. . ' ' Oh, Harry I ' is all she can say, and then stands still In ndmirntinn. '.' Oh, Harry ! But bow— why— what I Aro they not the St. Maur diamonds ? How do you come to have ttlCln 7 ' ' Why, my grandfather sent me word' that thoy. had always belonged to a Lady St.. iraur, but, nsho'isan old widower, he thonght the.heir's wife was the proper person to wear them. Good of the old. boy, wasn't it. X have hot had them reset, J thought you would like the old stylo bast.; ' -.They were done for my grandinothor when sho.was presented ns a bride.' ^ ' Oh, yes ;i they arc lovely, so quaint and unique. How sweet of your urandfather, dear old thing!.. Can't we go and thank him when wo go homo? St. Manr is not far from Win chester, is it?' . ':No, that is jolly. AVe can often run over to soo tho old boy.' ?I smile- to see. that in the sparkling gems Sydney has forgotten all about the Corsican daggor. -CHAPTER II. , It.is London, nnd it is November. We have been married jnst a week, and are beginning . to grow accustomed to the fact, and to realise that wo are not the very first people in tho world who ever entered into that holy estate. Sydney has at last ceased to start and laugh when sho comes into breakfast and finds letters addressed, to ' Mrs. St. Maur' at her plate ; already t\ie hotel waiters have ceased to grin furtively at the sight of us, and stray hansom cabmen no longer look for an extra tip. Tho first obtrusively nowly mar ried look is beginning to wear off. As for me, 1 spend my days in wondering what I ever did in all my unworthy life to deserve the blessing that has come to mo, and in marvelling how I lived through all tho dark, weary, aimless years before it came. Perhaps wo shall havo thirty years moro of just such happiness ; perhaps forty or fifty, wo are yot so young. London is delightfully empty. I have not seen half a doxen p»oplo I know, and those I . have successfully avoided. But to-night wo go to a dram, or something at Lady Susan Stanley's, People might, leave us alone until our honejjinooii is fairly over, but Sydney's tender littlo heart, is afraid of offending her old aunt if we. do not go, so we aro prepared for a night T-f penance, and mako lip our minds to tho worst that can befall. My Sydney is in her bridal dress— sheeny satin and forest-like lace — nnd I have clasped on the diamonds myself, though she laughs at me for wanting lio'r to wear them, and says they aro too fine for T.ady Susan. I havo 'a fanny for seeing her just as sho was on her marriage morning, but she looks even sweeter, for she is not so pale, I could look at hor nil night and never tiro, nnd it is just ns woll that I Imyc that . i t.'ratilieati'Mi, f(,r other ainii-ements -at Lady Susan s have I none. It is all vcrv slatclv, very dull, vt.ry awful. ''Itespcetable and stupid. What did I tell you J' says Sydney, wiselv. A little had music, a great deal of dreary conversation ; twice as many people as the rooms w-.ll hold, who come and go in bril liant attire. Sydney need not have been afraid of being too gorgeous. I elbow my way with difiiculty to the refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a sea of its melted self, and this deiicacy I grimly bring back to Sydnev. l'oor little sweetheart 1 While I am still afar off I see her sittingdesulalcand pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear face. ' My poor child;. you are bored to death, and no wonder 1' I say, as I reach her side. ' Let us make our escape as soon as possible.' She looks at me dreamily and asits in an absent sort of waj', — ' Harry, wiiat was that extraordinary noise ? Hid you hear it just now ?' 'Noise?'' I say, with mild irony. 'Well, yes, I should think so ; the infernal gabble is enough to deafen one.-' 'Oh, no, not that; I don't mean any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort, of cry that sounded above everything else, a wild kind o£ waii — the very saddest thing I overheard — it almost made me cry, and yet so sweet and clear. What could 'it havo been ?' 'That bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing ' Iioberto1 ju3t now, Hcrvoicc was certainly high enough and melancholy enough, but I must say iu sweetness never struck me.' ' Oh, no, Harry, I don't mean that at all ; it was when no one wa3 singing, and it was not like singing in the-least, but more like a cry at a wako than anything else. I wonder you did not hear it, and it is odd no one else seemed to notice it, though I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish I knew what it was.' ' Something in the street below, no doubt, unless you fancied it, which would be no wonder; thi3 sort of thing is enough to give one the blues. But come, Sydney, Jet us cut the whole thing and go to the theatre for an hour; you know Aunt Susan offered us her box, nnd I bear there's something rather good going on.' ' Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?' and sho brightens directly. So wo retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre, where people are in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can see neither head, tail, nor plot to the wholo thing; our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with success to night.' Sydney laughs a little, but does not seem much interested ; and presently sho turns to me, looking pale and unhappy, and savs, im ploringly, — ' My dear boy, don't be vexed with me ; I know you will think mo a dreadful goose, but just then I had such n fright. I am almost sure I saw Mr. Fitzgerald in that corner by the wall ; he was looking up with those dreadful wild eyes oE his, and the moment I looked nt him he turned and went out. He was in somo kind oE a dark cloak, and looked so odd 1 But I am almost sure I could not mistake those eyes 'But, my.darling, I thought you said ho wasn't in England,' I remonstrate. 'Neither be wa3 ; he was' abroad, but it was 60 like him, and it gavo mcsach a ter rible shock ! Dou't think me a goose, Harry, please.' itl'll toll you what I do think. I think you are tired out, and we should be far better off in our own comfortable room than in listening, to all this rubbish ; come alone, there's a dear child ;' and I put her fleecy wrip3 around her and take her away. But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks np into my face. 'There, Harry!'' she says, earnestly — 'there it is again, that long, wailing cry. How very strange ! Surely you must havo heard that?' ' Why, Sydney, it is mere fancv !' I say, shaking hor gently. 'If X doii't mind I shall have you ill. You're nervous, tired, and excited. I shall not be easy in my mind till you are at homo and have takon something ;' and without more ado I got her down stairs and back to our hotel as quickly as I can. Onco in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. I make her drink a g'a-:s o£ wine nnd sit by the fire, nnd she is laugh ing merrily at her own foolishness, when there is a tap at the door, nnd a waiter comes to tellme that ono of my brother ollicers is waiting to see me in the coffee-room on im portant busines3, nnd refuses to come up stairs. ' Oh, bother Frampton !' I say, with a groan. ' What a time o£ night to come and disturb one ! Cume up here, indeed 1 I should think it a great piece o £ cheek i£ be did I I don't liko leaving you, Sydney !' ' Oil, don't mind that, dear boy. I am all right now. I'll tell j-on what, I will put away the ' family jools ' and take down my hair while you nro gone, nnd then como back and brush it here while you have a pipe. May I ? ' .' May you ? Of course you may anything ; that is, if if you don't object to the smell of tobacco amoug your golden locks.' ' Oh, no ; and we can have a nice chat over the fire. Don't bo gone long.' ' Not a second longer than I can help.' ' IE I grow sleepy before you come back I shall Ho down and wait for you ; but mind you wake me, I want to sit with you while you smoke,' ' Alt right. Has your maid gone to bed ? ' . ' Yes, I told her she need not sit up.' ' Very well, then ; I'll go down to Framp ton. Mind, if a ghost should make its appear ance you can receive it with tho celebrated dagger ; I saw it onyourdressing-tnblewhcn we went out, I took it to cut the string round your flowers.' ' Don't bo silly I ' and sho pauses with hep hand on her bed- room door, to return tho kiss without which I cannot yet leave her for ten seconds. Frampton is waiting in the coffee-room profuse in apologies for troubling mo. ' At such n time of all others, my dear fellow ! Wouldn't have had it happen for the world ! What will Mrs. St. Maur think of me ? ' etc. However, his business really is important, and do what I will, it is nearly tbreequar tors of an hour, nnd very near midnight, when I 600 ilia broad shoulders tako themselves off. Poor little Sydney ! she will be tired to death waiting for me, and I dash up stairs to make up for lost time. Sydney is not in tho outer room, however, and 1 pause for a moment with my back to tho fire, and smile us I think I need not havo raced so frantically nfter all. Then I re member what sho said about lying down, aud I move towards tho bed room to see if sho had fallen asleep, when my eye falls upon the 'family jools' lying iu a dazzling heap upon the table. Careless little woman .' Any one might have come in aud carried them off and she not. a bit the wiser. I stoop to gather them up. Something else is lying near them — something almost ns bright as tliov. With an indescribable sensation I heiul nearer aud see that it is the Corsican sheath I know so well — tho quaint, curious black and gold sheath wound about with a long shilling tress of golden hair, so smooth, so fine, so sunny it can only be from one head in nil the world. Why docs my blood lurn to ice, nnd my heart ceases suddenly to heat as I take it in my hand nnd see that something is smeared upon the freshly severed edges— something wet and warm aud red, -3 6' 6' Somehow I reach the next room nnd dasb open the door ; somehow I cross the; floor and am beside the white bed, where, all in her pure, dainty bridal robes, her beautiful hair floating about her like a golden veil, lies my love, my treasure, my blue eyed darling, my bride of a week, so still, so silent, so deathly white, with a long, sharp knife in her heart ! ?- - 