;(5oob Stories. The Mysterioiis l^eUcr. . j A WELL . AUTHENTICATED GHOST STtJltY. | A party of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship were telling gho&t; stories. Tbe Rev. Mr. Cryder of theChnrch of England was of the party. He listened, but aid not talk. When all the others had cxertsd all their ability .in the production of goose pimples, a facetious youth urgcd,Mr. Crydor,^ who wa3 a man of much dignity, to tell his experience. No one thought he would com d!v. But he did; ' Ten years ago,' he said, ' 1 was a poor curate iu a small Berkshire village, where through the influence of some friends, I received an invitation to preach a triai ser mon atone of the London churches. -No time was to be lost, for I had to provide a substitute, arrange 'ray ideas, pack my things, and evcrtbiug being at last in proper slsape. I listened to the railroad station to take the lightning express for London. ' So absorbed was I in my thoughts, for a call to London isan event ina youn^r curatc's life, I may say the event, that I paid no at tention to the surroundings, but, suddenly I noticed a person walking before me on the plank road whom 1 had not seen before. Ho was a stout, square-built man, with red whiskers and a bald head, who seemed to suffer intensely from the heat, for he carried his hat in his hand and pulled but a large blue handkerchief, no-doubt to wipe the perspiration from his brow, for it was a very sultry August day. ^ , , In taking out his handkerchief he dropped' a letter. . I picked it up to give it to him, whensud denly i sa w that the address was in my mother's hand-writing — my sainted mother's, who had ' been dead for more than five years. u I stopped in surprise. I rubbed my eyes; 'but there it was, my dear mother's well known writing,' and- tbe letter'' was - ad 'dressed : * - . ' ' To the Hbv«'Be.njamix Cryder, . ' 1 Stonebridgc, ' County of Berkshire, . '?England.1 ? 'That was I. '' There was no postmark on it, and I did not know whet her to open it or ask the rea whiskered man for an explanation,' when I beard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the station. I ran us fast as my legs would carry me— ran,- as it were, for dear life ; for when. I rcacbcd the station the -train-was gone, and so was. tho. letter. I thought I must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot where I had found it, but in vain, and after an hours needless search, could do nothing but telegraph to London aud resign myself to ray fate, for it was. the lasttrain on. Saturday night, and I thought I had lost my only chauce in life. ' 4 Ihy will be done,' I prayed that ntgbt, 'and if I am to remain a poor curate, let ras thank Thee for Thy great mercy to have kept me away from the wickedness of the great city and its niauifold temptations/ ' When' next day I went to church, bright with cheerfulness, my parishioners stared as if they had seen a ghost, and the sexton rushed forward, grasping me by both hands. 44 4 Vou alone saved, Mr. Crydvr*' 41 * Saved from what?' ? ?' 4 From the railroad wreck/ 144 1 don't know of any railroad wreck. . Has there hecu an accidents ' 4 Why. the train on which you meant to go to London has been thrown down an em bankment. nud nearly every passenger killed !' The ghost slory tellers were speechless, and even the facetious youth did not dare to donbt the reverend narrator's truthfulness. 44 Did you ever obtain a clue to that mvs terionsietter .' ' Mr. Cryd-T was asked. ?' Never. I regard it as an interference of ?my departed mother by special. permission of Providence/' And how did it end ?*' 44 1 preachctf'in London on the. next Sun day and was installe i as rtctor of St. — Church a few weeks afterward. ' 