THE BUNYIP. Every ono who has lived in Australia has hoard of tho Bunyix>. It is tho ono resxiectahlo flesh-curdling horror of which Australia' can boast. .Tho old world lias hor tales of ghoul aud vampire, of Loroloi, spook, and pirio, but Australia has nothing hut hor Bunvin. Thorn novor woro any fauns in the eucalyptus forests, nor any naiads in tlio running crooks. No mythological hero loft behind liim stories of wonder and oncliuutment. No white man's hand lias carved records of a jiootic past on tlio grey, volcanic-looking boulders that overshadow Bomo lonoiy gullies. There nro no sexiulclircs hown in the mountain ramxiart surrounding a certain dricd-up lako — probably tho orator of an extinct volcano— nnd which in truth suggests Iiossiliilitics of a forgotten city of Kbr. Nature and civilization havo boon very niggard hero in all that makes romnnco. No Australian traveller over saw tho Bunyip with lus own oyes ; anil though there are many stockmon's yafns and black's patters, which havo to do with tins wonderful monster, thoy havo all tho hazy uncertainties which usually envelop information ot the legendary kind. Somonight, Iiorhaxis, wlion you aro Bitting over a camp-hro, browing quart-pot tea and smoking store- tobacco, with tho spectral whito guma rising liko on army of ghosts around you, and the horses' . hobbles clanking cheerfully in the dlataiico, you iyill usk ono of tho ovorlauding hands to toll you what lio knows aliont tho Bunyip, 'Jnv0 huslimaii ivill warm to his subject as readily as an Irishman to liis banshee. Ho will' in dignantly raxiol your insinuation that tho Bunyip may ho, after all, as mythical as Alico's Jahborwock : and lie will forthwith proceed to relate how a friend of his lmd a mato, who know another chap, who hod onco in his lifo lmd a narrow oscapo from tlio Bunyip, aud had actnolly behold it. Ho himsolf lias noyor set oyes upon tho bunyip, nor has his mato, hut thoro is not tho smallest doubt that tho othor chap has soon it. When facts como to ho boiled down, howovor, " tho otlior chap's " statements will seom curiously vaguo and contradictory, nud, if tho dotuils aro to ho accepted as thoy Btand, a remarkable contribution to natural history must ho tho result. Tlio Bunyip is tho Australian sca-sorpont, only it differs from that much-disputed fact or fio(ion in that it docs not inhabit the ocean, hut makes its homo in lagoons and still, debp wator-liolos. For rivors and running crooks, it appears to havo au aversion. No black follow will ohjoct to liatho in a rivor because of tho Bunyip, hut ho will shako liis woolly hood mys teriously ovor many all innocout-looking water- liolo, and decline to divo for wator-lily roots, or somo such delicacy door to tho aboriginal stomach on tho plea that " Dobil- dobil sit down there." Dcbil-dobil nnd Bunvip aro synonymous terms with tho black fellow whilo he is on tho bank of a lagoon, though "Dcbil- dohil" iu tho ubstract represents a much more indefinite source of daugcr, aud lias a far wider scope of action than most inythologicul deities. " Dobil-dobil " isaconvoniont way of accounting, not only for plague, sickness, and disaster, 1 hut nlso for pence, plonty, and good fortuno. Accord ing to tlio religious code of tho Australian aboriginal, Orrnuzd and Ahrimah do not work at oxiposito poles, hut oomhiho and ooncoutrato thomsclves undor ono symbol. The supremacy of Dobil-dobil is uncontested, and ho deals! out promiscuously bonefits and calaroitica from tlio same hand. A modicum-man, professing to ho in confidential communication with Dobu-dcbil, may kill or euro a black fellow according to liis Xiloasuro. Tho natives havo a superstition, in common with many primitivo nations, that if an enemy possesses himself of a lock of hair from tho head of ono to whom ho wishes ill, and buries it in tho ground beneath a gum-tree, tho dospoiled person will sicken and die as .the hair rots .away. In that caso, Dobil-dobil must ho "l>iallu-od" entreated by tho sick porson to unbury tho hair and east it into tho fire, when tho charm will ho dissolved. Tho medicine man, therefore, has hut to assure his pationt that Dobil-dobil has refused or acceded to liis request, and death or speedy rocovory : will bo tho consoqucnce. Tho blocks hqvo an impish drollory and lovo of mischief, and tlicy dolight in imposing on tho credu lity _ of their white auditors. . Thus tho stories of thoir sunorstitibns must not be accepted too literally. But it iB certain that whon thoy show a distinct roticonco in regard to any roputod articlo of faith, it may satoly bo lookod upon as gonuino. Tho ihlacks nover will , volunteor information about tlio Bunyip; it has always to bo dragged out of thorn. Whon a black disaxqicars, it iB generally under stood that tho Bunyip has got hold of him,' and thu x>articnlar wutor-holo in which tlio monster is supposed to livo becomes more than ever an ohjoct of terror and a i>laco to ho avoidod. The wator-holo may lmvo hithorto been uncoii- ilcmnod hy tradition, and tho blacks may choose to disport themselves in it ; hut if ono of thoujj fo1 "nomoro, IluftcrnSfo'cry of yDunyip " gooo forth, and thoso waters aro from henceforth, shunned. Tho Bunyip is said to ho an omphihious animal, and is variously described— somotimos ns a gigantic snako ; sometimes ns a species of rhinocoros, with a smooth pulpy skin and a head liko that of a calf ; sorootiracs as a hugo pig, its body yollow, orossed with block stripes. But it is also said to be something more than animal, anil among its suxiornatural attributes ore tho cold, owosomo, uncanny fooling which, creeps over a oompnny ut night when thoi Bunyq) becomes the subject of conversation; and a cer tain maguotio atroosxihoro. supxioscd to 'onvolop tho oroaturo and to spread a deadly iniluonco for somo spaco around, rendering even its vicinity dangerous, is particularly dwelt upon. Acooruing to legend,, it attracts its prey by moans of this mysterious omunation, aud when sufficiently near, will draw man or beast down ta tlm wntnr. anil suck the botlr under, and without sound or straggle tho victim disappears, to ho Bcon no more. , It ia silent und stealthy, and only very rarely, thoy Bay, and alwayB at night, has been seen to nso partially from tho black water, which it loves, und utter a strange moaning cry liko tliat of a child or a woman m pain. There is a theory tliat wator is_ a powerful conductor for tho kind of oloctricity it gives out, and that a pool with , dry, abrupt hanks, and no outlying morass, is tolerably safe to drink from or to camp hy ; hut a( lagoon lying amid swamp has always an oyilt repu tation, anil in aoino districts' it is very difficult to porauodo a black follow to -venture into such n|>lnce. The following story was told hy an old chiof to mo whon I was iu Australia regardiug tho bunyip: — "Long ago -two brothers — ono of thom so toil tliat ho lookod down on' everybody,: and tho other of ordinary Bizo — wonc to a swamp to got sivaim' eggs. Thoy found q great many ; ana, while roasting somo of thom on tho hank of the lagoon, tho smaller of tho brothers Bttid that ho must got Bomo more from tlio swamp. Tho taller 0110 forbado him to go alono. Howovor, ho did go.Hofound a nest in tho middle of tho lagoon, and took tho eggs. When return-' ing to the shore, ho hoard a rush of wator behind him, and Baw tho water-fowls ill front of him hurrying along tho water as if frightened. At tlio same timo tho bottom of tho marsh became so soft tliat ho stuck 111 tho mud, and could not go forward. A grout wavo overtook liim and carried him hack to tlio nest, where a largo bunyip caught liim in its mouth. ' It hold liim so high that his brother saw him. Somo hours afterwards tho wator became calm. Tlio tall brother thon took a shept of bark and put a firo 011 it, and axiproacliing the nest, saw; liis lirothor in tho mouth of tho bunyip. Speaking to tho bunyip, ho said :. 'Bo quiot, and lot mo take my lirothor.' The bunyip. gnashed- its tooth dud gavo liim iq) ; hut lio wee (load, mill his 'entrails had boon dovourod. Tho brothor took the body uslioro aud laid it' noar tlio firo, and: wept. Ho than went for his frionds,' who camo and carried the eorxiso to tlioir homo:' Aftor ho had watchod it for two days, tlio rolativos put it in a tree for ono moon, andthon burned it, with tho exception of the .log anil nrin bones, wliich were given to the frionds of the deceased." . ' Tlio first whito man who made his appoar- anco at Port Fairy fa locality named after a small vessel caUod tlio Fairy) was considered by tlio aborigines to ho a supernatural being ; pud as ho was discovered iu tho act of. Hraozisz pipe,'1- thoy said' lio, must -bo made' of nro, li.te.nn— ; — 1. „ .. nut of .his moutli. [?] 