|5»milheir Superstitions £AGMf,MSP actors i I^ f. t! n 11 v° ^c 1«"l" 7 b' t'°J ' HriuckinflVtV,or™up^ ,of luck „„ tijG regulta: c.1IoW'',?_l>< Liko ivfadsmc Bem J1eJa)S. , ftVCrgions. fe'lhcm» ™«diencc» lh»i do r^iiwin. i.mf »Y/\JnS ' iiftif nn evo myself » but you JL ffli". Madame rntti. you levcV in ti'c evil. eye. There „ run on eyes just now, the fcble one being, oddly enough. |eh', ' a pai>' °f black 1?ye8, » fee across what- yon call nn evil Sh .,1(1, [ think I Should cross I I it As for somo artistes, as you |v i.' in ghosts, let me tell you K nRist believes in ghosts, and frtieuinrly In one thnt walks ro Lee n week. I have much faith L The best omen of good busl t<wrfch I know of Is when 1 am pass ive's Theatre at about a quarter to Kftuui 1 seo a crowd of ppoplo right st,eet waiting for the doors to SPI'J'hat is a good omen." fj&Sdwnrd; Terry **?*''-" best £ua%iiperstltion on the English stage is unlucky to speak the ' tag of wfpluco at a last rehearsal. Old jMusecl to consider the whistling or dug of Locke's music in Maobetli v, Personally, I am not suporsti Ijn fact, 1 am in the habit of going fiulo of contraries. Friday is my «eday. My now pieces in the pro giavo invariably been produeed on v, and I often travel with a com ikteen in number. I may mention ions combination of tho sublime im ridiculous thnt somo yoara ago an Jnvlnclnl actor was oast for tho part jMvlmrd, In Slasher and Crasher, and, ^tjjHomu (llflloulty in studying it, ho i'diybiit Catholic) was soon at night In " :(b corners of tho stago crossing f and saying, 'Holy Mothor, sond Jo through old Ulowhard.' " Fred. Leslie says: —" My naturo jeptle and nnti-suporstitlous party lly well known to tlioso with whom cquaintud. I purposely keep a white id osvn to having driven a blaok one ny doors, 1 dress in Room No. 1H Clnluty Thunbro. and novor go , tho way in my peregrinations to [going under a ladder. On the oon 1 regard one as a triumphal arah, my It proper respect by ducking it, I have used an umbrella in a iiany parts I have played, I have led on entering a new thoatro, and tho 1 tag' belonged to mu 1 have rS revisited It n(. rehearsals, I li my three yeais' engagement at a i minister's salary with Mr. Goorgo inks on a Friday, and my wife, who [my ilrst lovo, has a slight squint, Ivoru black on tho oueaslon of our lug. Now, then—hero f am, thirty [years of age, aftor nine years' Nation with twunty-ono suooessful Ha two non-sueeeimful plooos — an nailed average, so my agents tells Hue how's this for supurstltlou ?" Martus says I thank Clod 1 no superstitions of any kind, and Iglvu you a iTiw examples of my plus—I, 1 would rather producio a bml play on a Friday than a bad iHia Niturihiy, ti. I would rathur LV .I ut »»y ii»iu. >i. i I rather sit down thlrtuen to a good Jnr than twelve ton bad ono, I. 1 ot he luvu in unlucky thcatrus or tin in'htii i i '"dlevoln a good play, «. ml, drawing good Iwuuum whoro " have cvur had In my Hf0l | HI fuK""' |,MrtM ,l,ul 11 l,ipK« «>tlary hii'i! ,Unny 1'HSllo says ! —" ( (loiiMld,,,. tiit mn' l,1T' y"lu' "'"In'olla on tho »\ 1 ' IUuolc Ul4t« very K»Hl |t |L,Xn|UU: Hta»?°^"'ing 1 mi a Friday," " 14 utm" Mihs Lotty Lintl says;—"" I am peculiar enough to believe the number thirteen to bo very lucky. .Tt was the number of my dressing-room at the Gaiety Theatre when a London audience wan kind to mo for the first time. . On ray return to that theatre,! shall ask to he allowed to have the same Toom. At one time, if I went to see a manager, arid met a woman with an evil 'eye; or rather a cross-eyed woman, I walked de liberately homo again, knowing that the manager in question would not believe In ino, White flowers T believe are un fortunate. Go undor a ladder I will not. And "1 .have found that If. I. ha|rpen to meet any one on the stairs when I am going on for a dance, I don't get an encore," , ' 