A LADY S LETTER FROM LONDON. LONDON, Feb. 3. IE the magnitude of the storm that is coming may he measured by the dead calm ot the lull of the present time we are entitled to lookout for a season o£ "blizzards." With the sole exception ot that word there is pos Bitively nothing new, tor we cannot claim novelty for relentlessly inclement weather, terrible distress and destitution in London, the continued pressure of the Irish Question, conflicting accounts or the condition of the German Crown Prince—which leave nothing certain except the inevitable wearing of bim out by his disease, whatever it may be—and the ops and downs of "opinion" as to the imminence of war between Russia and Austria. These things have long been with us, aud they threaten long to remain. The opening of the session of Parliament on the 9th will be an interesting and momentous event, but not in a spectacular sense. The Queen's approaching departure for Florence, Her Majesty's anxiety about the German Crown Prince, aud some pardonable apprehension on the part of the Ministers that a demonstration of the "unemployed" and others with grievances might trouble the peace and propriety of the occasion, prevent the opening of Parliament by Her Majesty in person. I am sorry to say there is again cause for uneasiness about the health of Princess Christian. She has fallen back into the depression and debility from which she suffered so much last year, and ehe is obliged to abstain for the present from ber accustomed, active, personal superin tendence of the many charitable works to which she devotes herself. There are few such hard - worked women as the good rnncess t nristian, the " Leuclien" of the Queen's Journal, for she neglects no duty of her home and family fot the good works in which she finds all her pleasure; and she begins to show as well as to feel the fatigue of her devoted and unselfish lite. In spite of Mr. Swinburne, a good many old-fashioned people continue to regard Lord Byron as a great and even a glorious poet, and a good' many young- fashioned people Bare the same backward notions. Regard less ot their doom ot denunciation as idiots or ignoramuses by the fiery and iluent stringer of phrases who tided to pnll down the mighty from-his seat, but somenow did not do it, al though encouraged by much cackling ot the mutually-admiring-clique, these Byron loyere hare been delighted by the celebration of the poet's centenary in a grand picturesque, touching, and most heartfelt scene at the Greek Church of Aghia Sophia at liayswater, ou the 22nd of January. Although this cele bration inust^he held to hare regard rather ito the political sympathiser with Greece than to the poet who wili livewhenmen shall won der how the stuff which Our time accepts era came to be called ' pbetry, it lackel nothing drat could gratify Byron's country men and lovers. True, wc had hoped that the Archimandrite, Dr. Dionysius Plaisas, a . most dignified and eloquent personage, would have spoken the panegyric of our poet in English, hut we were'speedily reconciled to the unknown tongue (Romaic or Modern Greek), in .which he delivered his oration, by the a welling, music of -the. sentences that filled the . large building, and the earnest, almost excited, interest and sympathy of the crowded congregation. The church of Aghia Sophia is a handsome structure; its interior is rich and also taste lul; there is nothing gaudy in the decoration, and the inner walls are composed of varie gated marbles, with fine mosaic work abore and below. The polished columns have carved and gilded capitals, and all the paiut ings are excellent works or art The Greek xitaal is very solemn and impressive, and on this occasion some epecial features were added to the service. It bad a curious effect to bear Lord Byron's name, which we dis tinguished readily, included in the long toll of saints, sovereigns, and great personages who are "commemorated" in the Com munion service. The vestments worn by the Archimandrite were very rich, and reminded me of the attire of Justinian and .Theodora in the great Ravenna mosaics. . Considerable attention was attracted bv the nresence of Lord Wentworlh and Lady Ann? Blunt, the two surviving grand-children, of Byron, neither of whom Jpeara the least personal or intellectual resemblance to him. Lady Anne Blnnt was much interested and pleased, hot a little nervousj as might have beencxpected. On leaving the church, after iter .brother bad warmly expressed to M. Gennadins, the Greek minister, Lis appreciation of jthe tri bute that had been paid to their grandfather a memory, Lady Anne assured some inquiring friends that she had very good newa-ol her imprisoned hatband, tod that she wasjnot at all aneasy about him. Among the. persons of note who were present were the Rouma nian Minister, Prince Gbika and the Prin cess, Madame Novikoff (looking much better than wheh she left England, and blandly confident of the lamb-like peacelulness oi tbe intentions of the Czar), and M. Scbiiizzi, who is ' erecting a marble statue to Byron at Athena. It 4b to be hoped that the poet's effigy in the City of the Violet Crown will ^arebstter than that one which London owes to Mr. Belt,and his "ghost." The latter came in later in tfae day for a degree of notice . thatbas directed attention to the disgrace!til wtateof •dirt3-an'd neglect into which it buffwedto fall. One'object in • * a much cariosity, and rad juncttotuid illustra '" i was the and itn ^. » Byton's I removed from Zante 'The Greek: .telie, and; Innlayato sminded ua iwims witness " i that was contrasted strangely with the iresh ani fragrant blossoms of the magnificent cen tenary wreath offered by the Greek ladies now living in London as " a tribute to the memory of the man whom all Greeks are taught to regard as a hero and bene factor." This floral memorial was heart shaped ; its outer edge was formed of shining laurel leaves, and it was composed of pure white ilowers only; lilies of the valley, camellias, azaleas, arums, tulips, and the fragrant white lilac, which is of all the growths of the young year that which tells most sweetly of the coming spring. Gold fringed ribbons, blue and white, depended from this wreath, and one bore the inscription,: "To Lord Byron's Immortal memory," the other, "The Grateful Greeks in London." When the service was over, the centenary wreath was laid upon the pedestal of Byron's statue, and M. Gennadins also placed there one of laurel on his Own account. I believe the " carriage company" and the pedestrians of Hyde Park; were much puzzled by the foreign substance thus displayed; although the primrose wreaths and bouquets which annually decorate the statue of Lord Beacons field ought to have made them discern Us meaning at once. I think the poet who gave to Greece the best of his heart, the last of his life, gave to her also the best of his genius. If 1 had to lofee the memory of all that Byron wrote, save one poem, at choice, I should ask to be left with "TVbe Isles of Greece." A piece, oi news interesting to those who care >for art matters-.comes to as from Paris. Following, thesxomple of one of the : Medici, whpfbnnded a gallery of "autograph paintings,^, 'portraits 0f masters by themselves, the authorities at the Louvre have resolved to do likewise. I learn from a note in the Pall Mall Gazelle that the collection in question boasts por traits of Moore, lleynolds, Hayfcer, Watts, Leightou/and Millaie. The similar gallery at theLouvreistobe"inagurated"byM. Cabanel, and it is bitterly opposed by painters, art critics, and art authorities. "Clique," says the writer of the note, " works very strongly in French art circles. The Luxembourg is 6aid to be handed over to it, but the galleries of the Louvre still maintain an exclusiveness that boasts to admit nothing but merit A work to be hung on its walls has first to be bought by the state, then to be hung in the Luxembourg, and after^ running the gauntlet of continuous criticism, &ud; sur viving.(ephemeral fashion and its author's life, at tkBt is added to the greagjsational musehm.. If clique—say the mtipmtents— is to$fe allowed t0 drive its wedgejtiito the prestige of thecollemdtiis at an "evertheless, 1 venture todtujak that gj'will hail the innqKauipi with Jfest, and that all the tall: about _ K?-^l»iil come to what it'has come ebase^Qf our own arcstorm in ahteacnp, Ud&rpSvenor; Gallery, QUjle^itfo-Garr IMiedones quarrel, t.^ 54h' nbthitiK. " Pre8t*g|"--thBn wbich tb^||^v« ,«aa a more#nlsf|ile)rous word no i tonger^jguimfe to con ju re' ^i^yWpbably amuym&jfftiir; readers have vmitf&tfaeMnsec; Carnavalet,- in Paris, and wiil reteember its quaint treasures—the " unconsidered trifles" of the past, that to us have_become the gems and fine gold of history of the present. A curious addition has recently beeu made to these, treasures, by the acquisition of a loch of the hair of Maximilien Robespierre, set in an emblematic medallion, on tne back of which are palm branches encircling the triangle of equality. Upon the triangle is, engraved the famous date—9 Therraidor. "The lock of hair," writes one who has spected it, " is dingy brown, with silver? streak". Some of the flour used as powder still sticks to it." Theof the medallion is this:—It was madelfGr Charlotte Robes pierre, who, after wt^feggecution of her brother, fontid-ah qjjylplmin the family of their iriend ari^felmjrabjwhaman, Mathon. Under her wto what little money she bad?^Sl^lMfc. relics. These went, on Mamnji'ij; ideHaEAto his only daughter, tvhgpfjlg turn.PenBeathed them to one Galiot, S^^mmisfeaq^pf tbe Pro vincial Governmrat, in wasp, in tbe Haute Saone. bis wbo has presented the medallmh^ihe^useum, but he keeps Charlotte "fHMraljpe's papers. Some day, no doubt, tliwtwMb will see the light, and the World will taMpe to judge be tween the conflicting igBnements which obscure the history pjfi'^pbespierre, as the histories ot all men gftpmnrk are early ob scured, with at l^thaittle more certainty. Apropos, the currefrtnumber MacMUlan'e Magazine contaip's a curious paper by Mr. Edmund Knox on " Robespierre's Love," which is very well worth reading. The author puts Mnxiimlien in the light in which he may presumably have been seen by Eleanor Duplay, with considerable ingenuity and ! effect. One is so unaccustomed to think of Robespierre as a human being at all that it is a difficult, per haps a useful, effort to have to consider him in that aspect. For' once the east end of London is better off than the west end ; it is in the instance of the exhibition, now open, of the Queen's Jubilee presents, at tbe Betbnal Green Museum. Not only is the show a much more. complete one than that which took place at St. James's Palace, comprising numbers of' objects which were not there, but the collec tion is far better arranged, and an excellent catalogue of tbe gifts has been printed. The cases are surrounded by barriers so placed that all visitors pass before every case and all in one way, and tbe Museum is lit by electric light at dusk, and in the daytime in dark weather. To recall the hurry, thp crowd, the d&r;{weBB,^i|d the catalogueless confusion of. Me^more fwhionable exhibi tion is to %ifihi.one had -waited for the migration of fhltJphilee jrtgsenta to the far east. 1 uuders&jraJlk;&t; the/Queen has had some of the Oueenitaud duals presented to her by Mr.'^ndjlfmpn a bracelet as a wedding present fofSfter Majesty's grand daughter Princess Irene of Hesse-Darmstadt, whose marriage with her cousin, Prince Henry of Prusaif, is to take place in April if all goes welLat tsati Itemm. , • Great disap^irittnen^Mas inflicted by the indistinctnefS^iJlMib^Ph^ total eclipse of the mobn%fli^SBffla3o'"l»bPdon on last Sunday convenient that evdn ,^mmB^Pl^lH^6nrT^ought they might as^uP^^I^tbypheponienpn of such rare occuiAj conditions; but the i'ifM pttaHVSes" prere adverse to the 8tar- ggz?ts, 'ana the/eclipse was a coup manque in the metropolis. I chanced to be at Brighton.on'thiit evening/and never shall I forget the spectacle, . The air was cold,' but perfectly, stifl. the sky xvas a colonr,* and absolutely cloudless, ittyas a night on which ' "Jbe stars come out to listen Xo the music of theses."-. And. what music that vakj hoWlow, how eottly murmuring! Then began the wondrous pswage'of out planet, and we saw Its shadow, with the pale blue adge, deejp*ning4ftto**«4 bronze throughoutthe globular form, wbelml "it were devour,',AeJ^rJight that rule* the night. n« The «^t >as r«|ironderfully Wje onlyvsaw jtjln the .ttoQ 