John the Baptist. 05 r Mits JI. Baxteii.) ' Among thuin that are born of women there liotli not risen a 'groater than John the Baptist ; notwithstanding, he that is least in tho' kingdom of heaven is greater than he '(Matt xi'li), The greatness of John tho BaptiBt consisted, not in aristo cracy of birth, not in university honors, not in any remarkable beauty of appear nnnn. bnt he was ' creat in the sight of tho lord ' (Luke i 15) ; he understood and served the purpose of his God. His birth and education were altogether exceptional. Not only was he the son of a priest, but the obligations of the priesthood were upon him from his birth. 'The Lord spake unto Aaron, saying, Do not drink wine, nor strong drink, thou, nor thy son with thee, .when ye, go into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die; it shall be a statute for everthrouglioutyourgeneration, and that ye may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and clean.' The angel Gabriel foretold of John before his birth, 'He . . . shall drink neither wine nor strong drink ; and he shall be filled -with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.' Thus was he brought up in priestly abstinence, and endowed with priestly anointing. Of his childhood and education only the following short summary is given ; ' And tho child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his showing unto Israel' Luke i 80). What this implies is not easy to gather, except that - he , was prepared for service, not among the, 'sons of the prophets,' but alonej.w}th;God— not, -we would think,, in idleness; but in very much of communion with God. ,.„,[, . . ' ?; , . ' . ' Unlike Moses, who was conscious of his own importance until God taught him otherwise John the Baptist did not initiate his own ministry; but 'in tho fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Coosar . . . the Word of God came unto John, the son of Zacharias, in the wilderness.' Then, and not till, then, did he come 'into all the region round about Jordan, preaching the baptism of repentance unto remission. of sin ' (Luke iii 1-3, R.V.). God can, and does, make use of education, but that alone cannot inspire a man for his work ; he needs, if he is to turn many to righteous ness, a distinct' consciousness that God sends him. ' There was a man sent from God, whose name was John' (John i G). Such authority outweighed every difficulty. He might meet with the most profound ignorance, but he was sent of God to en lighten it, ho might have amongst his hearers some whose knowledgo very far exceeded his own, but, sent of God, as ho ?was, such difference ceased to bo apparent, ' I understand more than tho ancients, be- , cause I keep Thy precepts ' (Pa cxix 100). Critics might seek to wither, human authority to condemn, but, sent of God, John was mightier than them all. , ? He was sent i forth -with one message '-Kopent' ye ; for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.', Ho may have quoted many. Scriptures, used many arguments, illus-, trated what he had to say indifferent ways, but the burden of his message was always.; the same—' Repent ye ; for the kingdom of;; heaven is at hand ; ' that was what he was sehtjto say, and God always blessed it. . . , ; ?. .In our day.it is often very difficult to, obtain an audience;, Large placards with sensational subjects, brass bands, Scrip^ ture lanterns, allmanner of things are .be» ing .employed to attract men's attentionand make them listen to the Gospel. God bless ; them. all. but when John the Bantist be-. gah his ministry there was no difficulty in. bringing the people together. The same power which was in tho preach er came also upon the people, and, without any invitation, they went out right away into the desert where he was. 'Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judrea, and all the region round about Jordan.' Business did not hinder them, pleasure was suspended, the tillage of the land ceased for the time being, the children turned out of the schools, and the mothers came from their housework to hear the plain, un varnished message. ''Repent ye; for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.' Such a religious movement had not taken placefor many a long year. There was something so remarkable about the preacher. Unlike the scribes, who loved 'to go in long clothing, and salutations in the market places, and the chief seats in the synago gues, anu cue upper-muau ruuuia uu lutiaus (Mark xii. 38, 39), this man seemed to have ?o opinion of himself at all. Pushed by the priests and Levites to make some declar ation of himself, he only said, 'I am- a voice.' ' Tho people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, -whether he were the Christ, or not' (Luke iii. 15), and, in answer to an official ecclesi astical commission which visited him, he said, ' I am not the Christ ; . . I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias. . . But there stand eth One among you, whom ye know not ; He it is, who, coming after me, is preferred bofore me, -whose sTioe's latchet 1 am not worthy to unloose.' The whole spirit of tho man is contained in the words he once said: 'He must increase, but I, must de crease' (John iii. 30). It was his joy to decrease, if it served his Master's purpose. John was unlike other men, not only in his spirit, but also in external things. His message so engrossed him, that food and clothing were altogether secondary things to him ; ho lived on the wild honey of tho desert, and wore garments made of the camel's hair which had fallen when cara vans had passed through the desert. In stead of his chief thought being, like that of most men, 'What shall wo eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed ?' (Matt. vi. 31) it was, ' How can sinners be turned to God ?™ It was prophesied of him by the angel, 'Many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God. And he shall go before Him in the spirit and power of EHas, to turn the heart of: tho fathers to the children, and the disobedient to thewisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord' (Luke I.' 16, 17). The question will arise- in, many minds 'should not we be more holy if we wore the coarsest clothing nnd lived on the poorest fare?' If this was all John the Baptist had dbne, he would have done more harm than good, for ho would have led men to despiso tho good gifts of God for -which Ho desires us to be thankful (r Tim. iv. 4). The Lord does not want us to live unnatural, but supernatural lives. He would have us. seek , ' first tho kingdom of God and His righteousness,' and, of His own free love he promises to add these other tilings unto us. - John tho Baptist was an exceptional man, his ministry necessitated his being an ascetic, like Elijah before him, but wo are not called to follow John the Baptist or Elijah, but to follow Christ;. Tho ministry of John hud the effect of so revealing to his hearers their own hearts and consciences, that they began to confess their sins. Wherever there is a real work of tho Spirit of God, things come to light which have been hidden. Lies come out of their lurking places, unkind words aro owned, impure motives are revealed, the horrible desire to appear more holy than we are slinks away to where it came from, and men come to tho light that their 'deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God,' (John iii. 20). O what a turning insido out thero must have been by the banks of the Jordan, each one so intent on humbling himself that he could not de spise a humbled neighbor ! 0 what recon ciliations must have taken placo there, what unburdened hearts and lightened con sciences must have returned to the homes of Juiea! Sin left behind, and forgiveno3s of sins found I John the Baptist was no kid-glove preacher ; he tore off tho band ages from tho social sins of the .day, and exposed them without mercy. ' Now also the axe is laid into the root of the trees ; therefore every tree that bringoth not forth good fruit is hewn down and cast into the fire.' Profession went for nothing with this fearless preacher, ' Think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father ; for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.' Fruit was what he de manded, and -where he found it not, whether it was in Pharisee, Sadducee, or publican, he laid the axe of repentance to the root of the tree, and all the righteous ness of a lifetime came tumbling into ruins. When God's axe is laid to the root of the trees, it is that he may burn the dross to prepare a dwelling for Himself. The testimony of John the Baptist was never,' to himself, but to Jesus. As yet he knew Him not, 'but that He should be made manifest unto Israel,' therefore John came. He knew that there existed some where on earth in human form that Saviour who was Christ the Lord. Day by day passed by, and yet no sign of the expected Messiah, yet John did not relax liis witness, ' There standeth One among you whom ye know not.' This is the true way to preach the Gospel, 'the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy ' (Rev. xix, 10). John the Baptist testifies, ' I indeed baptise you with water unto repentance ; but Ho that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear.' His object was to lead all to look for JesuB. He cared not for popularity or aught else, so that he might be the ' voice ' which introduced Jesus. His conceptions of Jesus were not now such as they wore later on, when he be held the Lamb of God, as the One ' whose fan is in His hand, and Ho will thoroughly purge His floor, and gather his wh'eat into the garner ; but He' will burn up the chaff with unquenchable firft£,IIe knew Jo3iis as;the. coming Judge, and, that, 'as. such man would have to meet Him. The judg ment , to come .when the chaff shall be winnowed from tho wheat, is a very un fashionable theme, but it is one with which we are charged by God. He makes the distinction between the chaff and the wheat, the tares and the wheat, the evil tree and the good tree, the lost and the saved*, the children of disobedience and the children ipf the kingdom, the children of darknoss,. and the children of light, the dead in .trespasses and sins and those who have gassed from death unto life. Reader, to which category do you belong ? 