WW1 ' THI bONTROVIlRBIALt ST. ; Tg prvtNIT? O V CHRIST. . ' Bt Bit. a. ?. A. fesw(l). . The tev. G. Walters, bplna a Unitarian, nftturaliy does not poltevo In the divinity of Christ. Being by far tho most scholarly, as- well as the most eloquent champion of Uul- tarlanlsra that has ever visited this colony, ho Is, as a matter ot course, able to assign intolligoot reasons for rejoctiug our Lord's dolty and embracing tho doctrines of the Unitarian Church ; and as ho is about to leave tho colony I nm sure thab euoli nn expression of thought and faith on his part would bo both interesting and instructive to tho general publio. I venture, therefore, as'a'Trinitarlan, both by choioo and profession, to throw down tho gauntlot to tho pastor of tlioUmtarianChnrch, ami wtl! bring forward in this' article as weighty '.and forcible arguments in favour of Christ's divinity as I am capable of expressing, and would suggest that when that gentleman has mado reply to my essay, that furthor criti cisms should be obttfnod from tho pons of euoh noted Evangelical scholars aaDrsLang.Rcntoul, Bovanr the Rev. 3. Chapman, nnd others. The subject is undoubtedly one of the very greatest importance, as if auch aptiolcs as I havo referred to can bo procured fts the result of tho publication of my humble contribution which follows, then I Fill (col that this will bo ample justification for my having initiated the discussion of tho subject lu the columns of this paper. Having made these introductory romarks. I will now to my essay, in the compilation of which I mast acknowledge havlug receivod VAluablo help from the works of such writers as Dra Parker, Van Doren, Cooke and others. The Essay. Tho doctrino of tho divinity of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ is beautifully inter woven with the whole courso of revelation. It runs through its sacred pages like a golden thread. It would indeed Ira utterly impossible to abstract or deny It, and yqt nrcsoivo Christianity; or, at lentt, Christianity as our fathers know it in tho past, aud as wo know ib now. If wo remove tho doctrine from our thoologies and creeds wo remove tho corner stone, elect and precious, upon which tho grand fabrio of our faith is built. If we destroy tho divino sohship of Christ, wo do- stroy tho foundations of the Christian Church. It is to tho Biblo what tho sun is to tho solar system. A firm belief in tho doctrino is absolutely . csscutial, ' because it inseparably involves, And permanently secures, tho infalli bility of Christ as a teacher sent from God. It also communicates infinite virtue' to His atonement, Impart3 a supernatural power to tho ministry of tho Gospel, protects tho very loftiest and purest ideas of God in human thought, aud irradiates tho kingly ofiico of our Lord with unfading aud etornal glory, Tho Ethiopian euuuch'sconfession of faith, as set forth in the authorised version, "I bellove that Jesus Christ is tho Son of God " (Acts, 8th cltap, verse 37), is ono which tho Christian Church must hold fast, and advocate with un swerving loyalty. Ho arrived at his conclu sion after an eager perusal nnd close, anxious study of tho Scriptures. It is my intention to follow tho samo courso of enquiry in this paper ; to obey tho Masters Injunction, "Search tho Scriptures, for in thornyo think yc have eternal life, and they are they which testify of Me." Indeed, where elso can wo look for conviucing light on the subject bub to thoso books which contaiu a record of His life and words, nnd to thoso bearing 011 tho same subject, which either followed or preceded him. That the Jews expected a Messiah cannot bo doubted. Thoir religious literature teemed with prophecies concerning Him. That Christ claimed to be that Messiah I regard as equally certain. And probably Unitarians will admit this, but deny that Hu at tho same timo claimed to bo divine. Admitting, howover, that Christ really lived and was not a myth, and that in the four gospels wo have a record of His words, or at least of tho more important ot them, it seems difficult to me, U not 'impossible, to 'conclude otherwise than that He claimed equality with He certainly claimed to bo the iong exacted Jewish Messiah.nnj-how, and that Messiah had beon reforred to by. the prophets ns "Tho Mighty God, tho Everlasting Father," and His name was to lw called "Immanuel," or God with us. Now, this Immanuel Chriatdistinctly claimed tobe. In me, He seemed to say, is prophecy fulfilled. I am tho substanco, Ho seemed to assert, of which the many sacrifices of the old dispensation were bub faint nnd imperfect types and shadows. He distinctly threw Himself upon the past. Ho manifested no indication of a desire to elude tho teat of writteu prediction, but again and again ex pressed II is determination of abiding by a care ful scrutiny of those records which were ie- gardedbythe Jews ns havlug been received direct from God. 41 And beginning at Moses and all tho prophets," wo read (Luke, chap. 24, verse 27), "Ho expounded unto thorn in all the Scriptures the things concerning Himself." A bolder clmllengo than this was could not bo imagined. It must be remembered that He stood at the very close of the great prophetic dispensation, and yet dared to say to tho teachers of the Jews, 44 Had ye believed Moses, yo would havo believed Me, "for ho wrote of Me." (John, chap. 5, verse 40). I proposo to endeavor to find in the course of this article what support the Scriptures give to the dootrineof Christ's deity; for if it can bo proved from them that He is divine, then how can wa doubt His claims upon our worehip and obedience, and His right to our affections ? I believe that Jesus Christ was divine in the first place, because I find divine nmncsapplicd tollim in Scripture. First of all Ilois called God. And whenever the name is given to Christ it is never used in a restricted and merely figurative manner, as when applied to Moses (Exodus, 71), to priufces (Exodus, 22-28) and others, because of some imperfect way in which they resemble God, but in its most sig nificant aud comprohensiro cense. M In the beginning,'' John writos (chap. 1-1) " was the Word, and tho Word was with God; and the Word was God." The disciplo Thomas, again, who had been so sceptical about . the Lord's resurrection, when confronted afterwards by the Saviour, uttered tho adoring cry, 44 My Lord and My God." (John. 20-28). The terms Lord and God, wheu connected as they nro in this exclamation, are equal to .the terms Jehovah Elohiin of tho Old Testament; the very highest and most sacred titles which tho Almighty has ever assumed. Again, I read in the Epistle to tho Hebrews (chap, 1-8) 44 Unto tho Son He saitb, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and over." Also tsaiah calis Him "Tho mighty God," (Iua,0-Ut) John. Tho truo God," (1 John, 5-20) and Paul "Tho great God" (Titus 2-13),aud 44 God over all "(Romans, 9-5). In the next place I find Christ called Jehovah or Lord. This term must bo admitted to be tho most august and awful title ever ascribed to tho Deity, and signifies His eternal ana unchangeable existence, If, therefore, this in communicable name bo given to Christ it should settle the question, with those who accept tho Scriptures as tho revelation of God, of His tuprcmo divinity, And that it is so applied is evident. Malthow, in speaking of John tho Baptist the forerunner of Christ, writes (Matt, 3-3), 44 This is He that was spoken of by tho prophet Esais, saying, Tbo voice of ono crying in the wilderness, prepare yothowayo! the Lord (Jehovah), make His paths'fltraight.' " John, again, in describing the Crucifixion,. says (John 10-37), ".For these tilings were done that the Scriptures should bo fulfilled (quoting then from Zechanah 12-10.) ,4Thcy shall look'on -Him (the Lord Jehovah) whom they pierced.'-' I havo only adduced two references, as I am anxious to be as brief as possible ; but thoy seoui to mo to be quito sufficient to prove that the term Jehovah or Lord, whlob is only given to the Meat High in tho old Testament, is also applied to Jesus of Nazareth in the new Testament. It there fore seems to me reasonable to conclude thAt the same process of reasoning which would destroy tho divinity of the Ben would destroy the divinityof tho Father also, unless the light of written revelation be Ignored, and that of nature appealed to and reliod upon instead. I believe that Christ Is divino In the ecoond place because divine attributes or belongings Are also ascribed to Him in the Scriptures. For instance, eternalexistence isunralatokeably ascribed to him. Yet (lie attribute belongs expressly to God. All other beings and things have 'bad a beginntog, and ol God only can it be arid ' : that . He is from 41 overlosting to everlasting." To prove Oiirist's co-existonce with the Father' is there fore to prove His eternal existence. And if I read rightly th truth is .plainly rovealed. - In John 1-1.1 .read, J4 In the beginning 'was ithtf word, and tho Word was with God, 'and the Word wsi God/ The same was in'tlio beginning With God," John also sp3aloK>f Him. (J.' John," 5-20) as "The trrue God and otCrual' life." The attribute of -omnijirqsouce; is -also, qscrlbednto 'Christ ; Yet this is another attribute which is' ; characteristic of tlie .Deity, : Christ's posses sion of this attribute is;' I contend, plainly 'taught in the 'following, passages j-»".Whero' itwo or. three2 we. gathered ; together' in My: xrame,'toore 'am; I in. too midst of them.", (Matt.' 18-20);' and 4Loj l am with yon alway ven unto the end of the world" (Matt. 28-20.) Christ Is Aho satd to have been omuls olont, of all wise. This soother attrlbato whloh belongs absolutely to tho Deity. Solomon in oommuning with God said, "Thou, oven Thou only, knoweat the hearts of all the children of men." (I Kings, 8-39,) Yet I find that the New Testament writers are constantly ascribing the same omniiclenco to Christ. Foter said, 44 Lord, Thou knowest all things Thou knowest that I lovo Thee," (John 21-17). John agAln wrote, 44 He know all moo, and needed not that any should testify of man, for He know what was in man." (Johu 2-24). It canuob but be admitted that in theso texts tho oninisoienco of Christ is utiinistaku- ably asserted. Omnipotence is also ascribed to Him. "Iu Him," tho Apostle says (Colossiaus 2-9) dwolb all the fulness of tho Godhead bodily." If this expression of opinion bo cor- reobj Christ did nob possess merely ono of the attributes or ncrfectlona of tho Alinlshty, but tho wholo of them, and Christ also claimed the same thing for Himself, " All things,' lie onco said, "which tho Father bath aro mine." (J olm 1015). Tho texts just quotod with others equally plain indisputably demonstrate that Christ possessed, or was tamponed ' to possess, tho attribute of omnipotence. What more con clusive ovidenco could wo therefore desire to provo His Dolty. I bciiovo that Christ is divino in tho third place, becAuao divino works are frcquontly ascribed to Him In tho book of diviuo revela tion. Firstly, tho creation of the universe 19 said to havo been wrought by Him, The sacred writings always attribute this work to divino power. Neheminh writes (Noh., V -G), 4 Thou, ovon Thou, art Jchovali alone. Thou hast made the heaven, the heaven of hoAVons, with all thoir host, tbo earth, the seas, and all things thab are- therein." And yob thoy ascribo tho same glorious work to tbo Bon as well as to tbo Fatbor. John writes, "AU tilings wore mado by Ilim, and without Him was not anything mado that was made." (John, 18.) Again. IreAd, (Colossians, 1-10,) "By Him were all thiuw creatod that aro in heaven, and thab are in earth, etc." If then lb Ira logical to conclude, as the Apostle does (Hebrews, 3-4), that Ho that built all things is God, Chrisb having creatod tho univorsc, must be divine. Tho work of sus taining what baa boen created is also ascribed to Christ. Faul describes Him as "Upholding nil things by tho wordof His power." (Hob. 13) Think for a moment of tho billions of blazing worlds which nro scattered liko dust through tho mighty realms of spaco ; of tho sublime and intricato nature of their structure of tho countless myriads of beluga which are now siippoeed to inhabit thorn, aud you will bo irre sistibly forced to the conclusion that it requires divino power and wisdom' to austaio that machinery in working ordor and keep ib going. Ycb this is douo by Christ— that is, if tho Biblo bo truo. "By Him," tho Apostlo says (Colosalans, 1-17), 44 all things consist." I also find that Christ Is represented as having power ou earth to forglvosins. (Matthew, 9-0.) Tho pardoning of sins is re garded throughout tho Scriptures as tho absoluto prerogative of Jehovah. Tho know ledge of Christ having exercised this preroga tive should, therefore, be a strong pioof of His divinity. And Ho ccrtalnlv did. IIo sn(d to the woman of tho city (Luke, 748) who was a sinner, and also to tho man sick of tho palsy (Matthew, 9-2), "Thy sins nro forgiven." The resurrection from tho dead is also ascribed to lliin. That Christ cxertoQ this power is evident. He said to tho dead Lazarus, "Come forth," (John U-43), and bo nroso from tho grave. In like manner, He called tho ruler's daughter, and the son of tho widow at Naiti, to life. Tbo work of bringing about tho resurrection from tbo dead on tbo last day is also rwcribtd to Him (John 5-28). He also had tho power to resurrect Himself, to lay down His lifo aud take it again. Tho fact of His own resurrection nnd ascension should bo of itself a sufficient proof of his Divinity. It is to me, anyhow, and I would liko to know why it is not to others. I believe, again, that Christ is divine.because I find that dirine worship is given to Him, and by inspired mon amongst others. If Christ weroonly human, as tho Rev. Q. Walters seems to assert, that worship would bo idolatry, - a thing to which tiie wholo Biblo is opposed. Christ Himself, when tempted to worship tho dovjj, said, 44It is written,' Thou shnlfe' lovo the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve.'' (Matthew 410). See also how tho apostles shrunk on soveral occasions from tho encou. rage'ment. of idolatry (Acts 10-26 and 14-15). Yet these very men, who objected so strongly to tho worship of anyone but God, worshipped Cbrisr. It is written of tho Apostles who witnessed His arcension that "thev worshipped Him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy." (Luke 24-52.) Words expressive of wor ship to Christ aro profusely scattered through out tlm New Testament. (See 2 Thcss., 2-16 1 Tiui. 1-2; Rev. 1-5, etc.) He is also repre sented iu tho 'Apocalypse as being worshipped bytheSaiuts, who are glorified, and the Angels, countless in number, who arc around and before tho Throne. What mora convincing proof could'wo desire than I have shown to be afforded by tho Scrip- tures of the divinity of Christ? What more potent reasons foraeknowledging Him "King of Kings, and Lord of Lords, "and ascribing unto Him the fullest trust, the deepest lore, and tho most exalted worship of which we are capablo ? Is He not called God ? Aro nob all tlio divino attributes said to bo possessed by Htm? Are not divine works also ascribed to Him? Do not the angels join with the saints on earth nnd those who are glorified, in celo brating His praise? And have we not also, in ad dition ' to thoso multiplied ptoofs of His divinity, Ilis ovn solemn words, "I-fo tlmfe hath seen Mc bath seen the Father" (John 14-19), and 44 1 and Sly Father are 0110" (John 10-30). Surely with such clear evidence before us concerning His supromo divinity, wo can give to llisown question of 44 Whom say ye that I nm?" (Mntthcw 16-15) tho ready reply of Peter, 44 Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God" (Matthew 10-10). Faith in thu divinity of Christ is of courso fatal to Unitarianism, but cssentinl to Trim.- tannnism, as is also tho belief in the divinity of the Holy Ghost, not referred to nt length in this artiole, partly becauso tho divinity of Christ has been tbo subjeot chiefly treated upon, and partly l>ocause the divinityof tho third person in the Trinity is proved by a pro cess of reasoning very similar to that employed in proving that of tho second. In conclusion, having stated iu this article my reasons for believing, ns I do, in Christ's divinity, I would nsk Mr Walters to provo these to bo insuffioieut grounds for my faith if ho can ; or else to ndduco superior reasons for preferring to reject tho Scriptures and embrace Unitarian viow. That ho has good reasons for being a Unitarian I do not doubt, but that millions of tho hunran race also belicvo that they have tho very best ot reasons for being Trinitarians is equally evident. Let us therefore hoar both sides, nnd let the reading publio bo tho Jury to decido which is right, and which is wrong. Both cnunot be right—that is evident. Both may bo partly right, and partly wrong ; but it is certain that if either Unitarianism or Trinitan- anism be true, the other cannot be. The discussion of the subject cannot pos sibly do any harm anyhow, and probably much good to the causa of truth may result from it. Believing this, as I do, I havo ven tured co initiate thu discussion of this subject in the columns of tho Press, 