"HEREDITY." Miss Jcpsio A. Fowlor, tho popular phremilo gist, vend a paper on " Heredity " to tho mem bers of the Woman's Christian Tempernnco Union during the conference hut week. Her remarks nro ns follow:— Jlorcdtiy is the sum of all tho nncTstral forces— i1ub lite? Llfo is the unknown quantit, tho impondcr- nblo force entering into all inheritance, God's plan for each Individual, tho origin of whioh comes from the Creator aud returns to Him. Heredity culminates iu tho individual. 1st. Wherever we find llio we find heredity. 2nd. Whatever affects llfo n fleets heredity, 3rd. Wherever wo find life wo find cither healthful or diseased inheritance. 4th. Wo must first nverago the direct in- flumces tlmt are brought to bear upon heredity, ind then exomiuo somo of tlio subsidiary influ ences at work. It is our object to point out aa clearly ns pos sible tiotso muchour auty to Godntid to ourselves — important though theso bo — as our dut to our children. We need nob tell you thnfi each has nn influence, for yon all know it. bub we muab speak of .your particular iufluenco with regard to posterit nnd hereditary issucc, nnd apply the redemptive truths of Science, Obser vation through telling tacts. If thu raco is to be raised or lifted pormn- noutl, It must be lifted on both its sides. It's physical side musb be Btudled and attended to as well as its moral— by natural laws as well as by spiritual ones, and wo want to boo It lifted by tlio influcnco of steady, sober iwroiit- age. We want to sin the impress ot virtue and temperance handed down from parent to child, instead of passion, imperfections, and vice. Clearer minds than initio hnvo poiutcd out that uuollcctua parents who have advanced their own nature, controlled them by tho highest restminks, anu fashioned them to the highest purposes, can hand on the advantages, aiul placo their children upon higher lovols ihnu themselves. By obi'dicuco to natural laws thoy can, not only improve tliomaolves, but nlso their rncu after them, aud surely this is nn iuspiriug task for every parent, To provo our first and second assertions— "Wherever wo fiml llfo wo find heredity," and "whatever nITecta life affects heredity," wo must endeavor to prove shut tho great tendenoy of heredity is "that liko pro duces like." In all nature, go where you will, you find nature repeats her self. Wo find tho apple tree reproduces the apple tree, tho Jow the Jew, the Chinese tho Chinese, tho negro tho negro, tho aamo to-day ns centuries ago. You havo only to pass through the picture galleries of old families to notice tlio similarities handed down. Tho same typo of noso. ourvo of lip, expression of eye, high foroheau, can bo traced from one another ; so can our lntigli, talk, tono of voice, gesture, modes of work, imbita ot life, ns well aa our tempers and fine mental powers, our memories, perccptivo abilities, a weak and strong will, arithmetic, musical nud dramatic genius. Wo also find the law of heredity is seen in disease, such asm gout, pulmonary consump tion, cancer, scrofula, syphilis, asthma, catiuoct, epilepsy, insanity and dipsomnuia, winch sometimes appear at intervals and some times in alternate generations, bub by enre can be averted, to a large extent. It is curious how such physical peculiarities as , four or six fingers descend In families. Tho intellectual aud moral influences aro also transmitted, and blossom from families of strong mental and morel constitutions. In Judges tiie gifts descend. Dr Woudell Holmes aptly says of Ralph Ward Emerson, "No such personality as tins came out of a cheap parentry and n shallow motherhood. EiglitgenerationB of ministers preceded the adveutof this prophet of out time." Lord Macaulay, thoDarwin Family, and H. W. Beecbcr wero flowers ot a family plant, which in previous centuries received a proper development along tho lino of natural endowment. Tho mothers of Abraham Lincolo, Dickens, Napoleon, Wellington and Franklin nnd 0. Kingslay show us that— ns iu the vegetable and animal kingdom— good fruit can only como from healthy stock, ao while on ono hand Ihoro can be no doubt tlrnt parents tvonuisit their own high moral principle, ou the other hand parent? transmit their own want of principle, and overcloud thn lives of their offspring, by making virtue a continual struggle, and laxity per-' petual iuclinatiou. Tlio sins of the fathers are visited upon the children unto tho third and fourtli generations, bub I thank God thero is n brighter side ; nnd lot us hope n purer raco will tako uur places as morality roigus and ago shall pass on to age, to aid its fresh advance ment. Wo couie uow to examine tho modifications «.f thn jaw that "like produces like" that are found in certain surroundings and conditions uuder which children are born. -Many people expresirsurprisQ that children vary so in ouo ' family ; thoy forget or do nob sou tho changes that aro constantly taking plnca in tho mother and father at 20, 80 or 40 years of age, whon tho appearance, disposition and moral traits aro very different. Ouo child may bo frank nod generous, another cold, petulant and unfeeling; ono may be clover, bright-eyed, swcot tempered and full-browed ; another may bo dull and slow ; ono may bo agile, and another heavy ; ono born to rule, another to serve— in thesauio family. How is it that all do nob show the samo intellectual and moral development ? A thousand influences are at work, and drink — alcoholic drink is ono of them. Tho tempor ary state of tho parent is reflected bv tho child. Tho nature lifted, n momentary joy,- a transparent aspiration, a passing chivalrj will transmit itself. Tbo tidal wnvo of fcojing if it comes but for a day will land tho now lifo higher on tho shore of grace und per fection, as I could give caso after case to prove. Bub tlio opposito is also true. The nature temporarily intoxicated will do tho samo. Tho child of tho ono begotten In tho midst of an indulgonco In drink will catch tho taiut and bear tho mark upon his inmost life. Drunkenuesa has a triplo rffecb upon posterity ; it corrupts the blood, bmtnlisos tliu character, and even deforms tho rising genera tions. And we havo found that Hereditary Alcoholism lias keen transmitted Dy one, aud BoiiietiuiL'B by the other of tlio pnrents, who are drinkers, and somotimes by both. Tho inheritor of suc1£a taint, as well'as tiie drinker, can hand down, not only his own thirAt, but a special morbid tendency. Alco holic inheritance may afc first bo dormant ; it ma' show in infancy, or later in couRcnltal, paralysis, convulsions, epilepsy, idiocy, tho hydrocephalic bend, insanity, and tho increase of suicides and crimes aro largely tho results of hereditary alcoholism. Dr Carpenter states that out of 350 Idiots thu condition of wIiofo parents it was possible to traco 00 were found tobu childrcnof habitual drunkards, and a largo proportion uf tho others sere more or less intemperate. ' Dr liovvo stated that in tlio State of Massa chusetts, out of 300 idiots 145, or nearly tiulf, woro found 10 bo tho children of habitual drunkards. Dr Linoier, of France, wroto that GO per cont. of nil idiots und inebriates in Europo curuo from drunken auccstors. Dr Michft claimed that on tho Oontiuont a much Inrgor proportion of insauo and defective classes cainu from inebriate parents thon from any other cause. How often wo find that syphilis nnd drunkenness in tho parents causo Idiaey in tho child, or Insanity in tho adult offspring 1 Suicide, or madness, is tho natural ond of a morbidly semitivo nature, with a weak or facblo will powor, which Incapacitates tho Gossosor to battlo with tho stern reality of fe. Hydrocephalic children are tho frequent results of tho combination of iulieritca dl- Liko poor Hartley Coleridge, a man may be haunted by auuiicoiiquerabluappiititoforstrong drink, and, in spito ot nil his care, bin inherited thirst, rising liko a flood, may burst every barrier of his virtuo and wreck his life, I once saw a young girl whoso faco was comely, but as I looked at ht r I was conscious of an innx- plicable vacancy. What caused her to bo thus ? Her fatfmr, who, pressed by a tem porary core, sought a temporary refuge in ono fatal dubuuoh I heard. Tho birtli of a child means tho launching of a soul not only upon tho broken waters of tho prosont but also on tho still vaster oceans of tho future. Havo you ever noticed tho careful advico givon to Manoah by thu angel as to tha behavior of Samson's mother ? Sho was, during thou-) watching, waiting, lite-giving days "to drink no wino or strong drink, and to- cat no unclean food." She was to guard tlio coining of tho lesser life— tho lifo sho led by defending and sanctitying hor own. Would that tho modern mothers would leurn tho samo lesaon. Let 1110 toll you of ono strong proof ot hereditary bias aud iufluenco. Tho foot was told by a minister who once stayed at the houso of a lady, at that timo acting as secretary of ono of uur Ruutliorn Ujinpurauco societies. Sho was a ludy of unusual refinement and culture, and of unusual delicacy of nuturo. At tho time ho saw iier, her mind was healthful, her imagination vivid, and lifo seemed to bo fairly brighb to her. Sho was tlio mother of fivo children, threo of whom, tlio necoud and tho two youngest), woro in marked contrast to herself. They wore dull, unimagin ative aud peevish, thoir oxpresaicn sour, fret ful and languid. They woro ohildren in'whom no mother could tako a parent's pride, how ever much sho might love thorn. Tho first and third were bright ond iiuppy, full- oyed and attractive, and thoir expression gay. their disposition buoyant and their imagi nation keen, Ho wondered what mado the difference. He felb that there was a life history bobiod. In his ovenlng address lio had alluded to tho hereditary effects of alcohol and to the blasb it had oast upon rqany. of tho young, not) only tainting them id tho tniti&lmoinent; of thoir lives, but overshadowing them through their prenatal days. After tlio lecture seising a momont whon they were alono, his hostess remarked that a portion of his address had oomo homo to her very pointedly. "Inniyown children," she sola, "you havo a living proof of|tho trnth of your words. Up to tho birth of my eldest child my husband was manly, sober and affectionate, -and tho child given to us was bright, cheery And capable. Then ho sank into intemperance, neglected Mb homo and mo; indeed, ho -became very unkind and violent. Aftey lonntghUi of weary struggle, of nightly apprehension and daily bitterness our second child ' was bora, dull, weary and peevish ' Then carao a period -of 'reform and renewed affection, renewod hope. For some time, possibly a year, before tjie third child waa bnrn, my husband was a sober man. .The child .was . like . tiio first— .bright: helpfuL gifted. Then the shadow ra- tarnod. My JmsDSBdfr.il again, and tlio last two were bora- to yoare of misery ond pain." Nn : wflodertheyare what they are. No wonder, in deed, when the mother! nnturo woe constantly disturbed, agitated, and beclouded. What heart could hopi", wnat eyo could kincllo with Joy, what intellectual brightness could como from such surroundings? It is sad to think, mid comparatively few persons do realise, or euro to know or think about their responsibility. Thoy senm to pre fer to tako tilings as they come, rather tlinn oxainino tho enormous amount of harm tlmt in done to their offspring by tlio habitual Hsu of intoxicating driiikn on their part. In no litany cases tbo parents' prcsont pleasures are considered of inoro'inoim-nt riinn the future lifo of their child. Thoy hear not tho voice of tlio degraded boy or girl, in thu far off future, then developed into tho manor woiiM'h ami simply oiwy the tempting voico lliat says, " Take thy fill, indulgo theo and rejoice." How roadil tho hear this voice, but at what cost? First, probably at tlio cost of their own nouls, ami secondly the cost of the souls of their children. To tho mother, tlimi, leb mo sound tho trumpet of warning— do not touch tho cup that you are . not euro > of ; abstain for your own enke, and also for the nako of that bright-qycu babe. To tlio father wo nay— do not touch tlio cup which holds so much hidden evil ; you will feel repaid nomo day for your abatinenco. It is unnecessary for 1110 to discuss lioro tho old arguments which ate worn out m favor of tho use of intoxicating drinks for nursing mothers. Dr. Kerr, Dr. Richardson, Dr. Carpenter, Dr. Edmunds and many other well-known medical gentleman havo already atiswnrcd them fully and exhaustively. Wo havo only to look around at tho happy homes with thriving, healthy ohildren, bearing wit- now to tho fact that children are hotter, both physically and morally, whoso parents aro total Abstainers. Lot mo give you a case tiiat camo before ttio city missionary— a caso to provo thao tho uso of intoxicating drinks on the part oi young parents may transmit a thirst, m many cases oven a stronger one, in the child than is shown in tlio parent. A boy wan brought up by parents who had always liabitunlty taken alcohol. Ho grow up nnd was beloved by every one who know him until, on a young .man, ho began to tnix with older and faster conipnnions. He had a strong liking for drink, nnd at tiiat tlmo of his life— which should havo been the happiest— became adrunknrd.Hc was aftersonio length of timo persuaded" to sign tlio pledge, and this lio kopt for 25 yoars, lived a married life worthy of any man, nnd hnd n happy homo. A sovoro illness brought him to within a few hours of death, during which timo ho laved strongly for drink, nnd nothing hut alcoholic drink could satisfy him. The smallest drop of brandy was given to him to endeavor to stop his craving. On tasting it ho smacked his lipn with evident pleasure, murmuring tlie words, "nice, nico," and wished fur more, and thus ho died craving for strong urink. Oonld this havo been other than inherited thirst? Somo may say that thin craving was thn evident outcomo of hm former intempsrnfco habit", but I maintain it wan not so. It docs uot follow that bccauno a man wan nttneked by fever in bin younger days that after 25 years lie will sicken ana ' dio of the name disease. It takes more than the early dissipated life of sucti a man after 25 years of total abstinence to give him a strong inadnesn for drink on liis death bed. The destro for drinlcxvas inborn ; ho had withstood it, with tho help of God, for 25 years, and it was only in bodily weoknoss ihoft tho dcriro camo again. Wo must nob look at the few familios whero drink has boon habitually takon for many genera tions, nud yet 110 harm has coino to tho cmldrcu; but wo must cxainiuo tlio countless numbers who havo perished by drink, and ask ourselves how mauy of theso may have had tlio thirst for drink sown In them by their own parents. Ono case more, and then I will close my remarks. A family in Yorkshire is a sad instance of tho influence of heredity. A gentleman put his nephew in a business which nroved a suc cessful oue. Unfortunately lio began to drink. He had a family of fivo eons and threo daughters. He continued to drink, aud his wifo with him, umil ho died tliraunh it, and within tlio samo woek sho died from tho samo cause, nnd was buried with him. Tlio children were en couraged to drink nud kept it in thuir bedrooms. Tito oldcnb sou took co drluking hard, and drank all day, nnd far into tho night. Ho was taken up in London and 6eut to tho work house. Tho second likowiso drank, and (molly shot hiinnclf. Tlio third went mad through drink t tho fifth son and tho eldest daughter are fol lowing tlio footsteps of ttio first son and are heavier drinkers. Tho fourth son and second daughter are tomperato nud tako no alco holic stimulants, and aro tlio bright exceptions of tho family and are doing wolL While tho youngest daughter as a very little girl was asking for wino at tho table ; when the father said sho had had enough, tho child replied, " I havo only hnd three glasses." What a singulavly impressive resjionslbility hangs over that parentage. Parents can so lift tho generations after them until tho coming man nud woman shnll stand a thing of bnnuty, rioh in gifts, unique iu power, and pure as tho snows of iiuavpti. For wc find into our life arc woven many uuces trnl characteristics, nnd human progress and a pro'ominmit civilisation are assured be cause of this law. Asriversompfcying their waters into theoceaiiB. Materially change and modify tho color and quality, bo tho good nnd tho bad in tlio indivi dual olmngo tho physical, intellectual nnd a It was once held as a theory that individual lifo was isolated, and tliut thero wnn no law by which gcniuB, as wall as other human charac teristics, coujdbu trnmnnitted, but tho very for gotten dead; liko Hamlot'H Ghost, stalk the streets, reminding us ofthnt thought- Young children gather ns their own Tlie harvest which the dcrul lias sown— Thedcad, forgotten and unknown. In this nineteenth century havo come tho yicca of all tho by-gona generations, nnd tho work of reform is tediously .slow. Realising the power of this law o! heredity, we nhall uot soivo tho problem of universal civilisation until wo obey too laws ot life. 