TALE, The Belle of San Mignel. Bv ITordes IIekiimans. II. [COXCLUDKI).] Bofore sunrise next morning the Don left the Horseshoe "V Jtancli, lie had passed a sleepless night, thinking over what he had heard, and as he pl.icctl his foot in the stirrup and mounted llozinnnte, lie swore a roverential oath that, come what might, Mirandy should be saved. It was true he had not been well .treated, cither by the widder or Mirandy, he told himself again, yet—love ycr cuemics—he'd heap coals of lire on their heads, and do them good for evil. That had been his principle, ever since ho reformed. Besides, what man of spirit and honor could sec such an outrage committed, and not interfere ? Even if the girl were a stranger to him, lie could not do less than shoot the villain," and restore her to her weeping family. But when she was his heart's-ease—Mirandy ! Kejoice, for the hour is at hand ! He pulled out liis carbine from its holster under his leg to sec if it was all right. And yet, wasn't shooting too good for a man who would treat a woman as Bob Green was going to treat Mirandy ? Shouldn't he be hanged ? -Then he examined the raw-hide lasso that hung from his saddle-horn, in painful doubt on this question. He would intercept the parly at the Montezuma crossing, he told himself, and show Bob Green that there was one man of honour and courage still left in San Miguel County : and he'd do the deed single- handed; perhaps Mirandy would smile upon him a little for that—perhaps she'd—many him. B'hold th1 bridegroom cometh—perhaps. His head grew dizzy at this thought, and he pushed his horse into a hard gallop, and rode out of sight of the ranch. When the sun rose that morning, it lit up a perfect day. Here and there on the rolling mesas stood a sentinel cactus or pinion that split up the yellow light into long lanes tlmt lay softly on the lea. As the day grew older and the shadows shorter, one might have noticed a small cumulus clou! in the west, hanging close to the line where land and sky joined. This cloud grew larger and darker as it sailed up toward the zenith, and others followed it until the blue was hidden behind the gray. Then swift zigzag streaks of gold darted from one part ot the heaven to another, and dull, rumbling peals of thunder followed the flashes. There was coming a storm in Apiil—an extraordinary occurrence in New Mexico. Down the road that skilled Los Tanos might have been seen two persons—a man and woman—riding at full speed. The man sat bolt upright in his saddle—a perpendicular line from his shoulder would have touched his hip, his knee, and his heel—and lie stuck as close to the leather as if he had been lied there. Beside him galloped the woman, mounted upon a spirited chesnut mare, which she rode on a side-saddle. Upon her head she wore a huge while sombrero, tied tightly under her chin, and from beneath this her hair had slipped and hung in masses down her back. Her riding-habit was a long flowing skirt of some dark brown material, and her left foot—although concealed by her dress— carried a spur, with which she now and then urged her steed onwsrd. The man looked anxiously up at the sky, and turning to his compuniou, said: ' Can't you git a little more ciuten the mare, Mirandy ? We, must git across the Montczumy bog afoic the rain comes, if we want to git married this year. Least bit o' water there '11 make the mud too soft.' ' I don't 'low I kin do any thin' better, Bob,' said Mirandy; 'still I'll try.' She spurred again and again. To each prick of the steel the animal responded with a few vicious jumps then settled back into the lope. ■ 'It's no use, Bob,'she said; 'I can't git her outen this gait.' ' Well, we must take cur chances, then,' said Bob. 'Wc can't turn buck now; the widder '11 be after us in two hours with a possy.' Before them stretched the low, flat expanse of the marsh, extending to the right and left for several miles. To look at, the surface of the bog' appeared to be a hard crust, baked dry and stiff, and covered with a white coating of alkali, through which grew no manner or living plant. So parched had the laud become that it was split and seamed with cracks that yawned (or moisture. Down through the middle of this desert flowed the sluggish stream that came from the Montezuma spring, a curious natural phenomenon that yielded a water as bitter and heavy as that ol the Dead Sea, yet, strange to say, nourished a row of trees, willow and pine, with here and there a scaly, narrow-chested cypress that grew along ' the edges of the Creek. These trees were the only green things for miles—the land elsewhere presented a bare, desolate appearance. Across this bog there was a faint path which could be traversed in the dry season; tut once let the crust become wet, and it turned to a slimy mud that yielded to the weight of a man or horse, and gripped so tightly what it seized that self-relief was impossible. Just before the two riders reached the edge of the bog, the storm which had been gathering all the morning, suddenly burst upon them. Sharp flashes of lightning darted from one black cloud to another, and luud, rumbling thunder answered the (lashes. Then came the rain. The man hurriedly sprang from his horse, and, untying his ' slicker,' which he had earned tightly bound to his saddle, wrapped the huge yellow oil-cloth coat about the girl, and mounting rffcain, pulled his sombrero down over his face. ' Wal, we got to go on, Mirandy. No use sfoppin' here. In half nn hour the creek will be up so's we can't cross anyhow. How's your mare ? Skittish, least bit ?1 ' Wal, I reckon I'd better slip a hnckamore over her head an' lead her, then ; jest give her a loose rein an' she'll go all right.' Thus they advanced across the bog. The rain poured down in sheets, as it docs in tho tropics. The water soon obliterated the path, and the "dry earth greedily drank up the moisture. The ground grew softer and softer every moment. Twice Bob's horse sank to the knees, and once the marc narrowly cscapcd. But at length they reached the stream that flowed through the marsh and gave it its name. It was perhaps fifty feet wide; shallow', sluggish, and evil-looking, with rocky banks that gave refuge to innumerable rattle-snakes and lizards. Pausing a moment on the edge to assure himself that that his companion was all right, Bob started to ride into the creek.' 'Don't you foller me, Mirandy,' lie said, 'till I pull on th' tug; the bottom's nasty 'long here, special since this rain begun.' All this time the Don had been concealed in ambush a few yards off, and dripped disconsolately in the rain which was falling. He had reached his present position with great difficulty. The trail across the bog was quite unknown to him, and he had been obliged to dismount and lead his horse. The storm that followed had washed out his tracks, and prevented those who came after from suspecting his presence. He was loo far away to hear what Bob said to Mirandy, but he could see her sad face—her eyes seemed big with tears —and her long brown hair, which hung down her back, resting in wet masses on the yellow ' slicker,' gave her the look of some lovely martyr maiden in the grasp of a vicious giant. He burned to distinguish himself, to rescue helpless virginity from the power of the monster. Not only was hero nn innocent female being carried off by force, but she was his inamorata—tho Dulcinea del Tanos whom he had so long worshipped, silently but faithfully. Ho watched Bob ride into the stream ; ho saw his horse lifted off his feet, and carried down by tile flood current; lie saw him recover his foothold again; then lie heard Bob shout to Mirandy : ' Clo back! go back!' and lie realized that the horso was fast in the bog—lor Bob was cutting him right and left with his heavy riding whip, while the animal was churning' tho water into foam in his frantic efforts to escape. Now was the Don's chance. There was the wicked monster helpless to harm his Dulcinea, while here was he, her saviour, free aiid unfettered. So touching Bosinante with bis heel ho dashed out -from behind the chapparal, and rode straight at Mirandy. She gave a little scream when she saw him coming; it was not like Mirandy to indulge in such feminine weakness, but just then her nerves were quite upset. The Don endeavored to reassmo her. ' Fear not, maiden—fly with me. I will save you,' he said, and he laid his hand upon her bridle-rein. ' Halt!' cried a voice. The Don looked up, and his eye caught sight of a shining object that seemed suspended in the air without support, like tho coffin of Mahomet. It appeared to occupy space to the exclusion of everything else, for the Don could see nothing but the sinister-looking weapon, except the more sinister eye'of Bob, which glistened behind it. He saw it was a pistol, and although he showed no emotion, he mentally raved at.his own rashness. He had stupidly put his head in the lion's mouth ; Bob had got the drop on with a forty-five, at ton yards. A nice predicament truly, for one who wished to appear well before Mirandy. •What you monkcyin' 'bout here lur?' asked Bob, sternly, and his gray eyes looked wicked as he snapped out his words. ' Put yer hands up—put 'em up, I say !' The Don reluctantly obeyed. It was a most hnmiliating position for a knight like himself to be placed in—just as he was about to rescue his own Dulcinea—but what could he do ? He was not afraid, he was simply yielding to circuinst-inccs—Bob's persuasive air and sixshooter—when he raised his hands and sat there 011 Rozinanle, dripping from every angle. Bob studied the situation a moment. ' What hed we better do, Mirandy ?' he asked. ' I've a notion to turn my forty-five loose into him —fur mixin' himself up in fam'Jy affairs How'd he gel here anyway ?' 'Better get outen that quag iirst, Bob,' said Mirandy, with great good sense: 'you kin shoot him most any time.' 'That's'bout so, I guess. Look here you, lie said to the Don, 'what you liangiu' round here fur, anyhow ?' ' I came here to rescue Inncrcence—from a villain, an' to have—Vengeance,' said the Don, with an effort, for his position, with his hands above his head, was a tiresome as well as a ridiculous one. • Haw! haw!' laughed Bob, hoarsely. ' You seem to be doin' it in great shape. None o' that! Put 'em up !' he added, sharply, as the Don lowered his aching arms a little, ' Wal, you are a tenderfoot,' said Mirandy, looking at him scornfully. 'Fust place, I ain't innercent, an' Bob ain't a villain. We're* 011 our way to Sanly Itosy to get married !' Married! The Don was thunderstruck. He had not expected this. It was not an abduction, but an elopement after all. Here was he blocking the wheels of Love's chariot when he believed he was pushing thom out of the Slough of Despond. Mirandy going to marry Bob! Then she could no longer be his Dulcinea ! What should he do ? At first he trembled with indecision and doubt, but in a moment, like the true knight he was, ho bowed to the lady's choice, and saluted her gracefully. Mirandy watched his face attentively, and, as he bent forward in obeisance, said: ' I reckon you kin put up your gun, Bob He's all solid,' and Bob returned his pistol to its holster. Then tho Don set manfully, to work to smooth tho path of true love, -which thus fat had been rough enough. If he could not be tho very best man, ho would ha the next best, and ho hurriedly untied tho raw-hide lasso that hung in a neat coil from the saddlehorn, j ust in front of his right knee. All this time Bob had been seated on his mired horse, in midstream, quite powerless to help himself or his animal. Tho Don rode to tho edge of the bank, and said: ' I cal'late to chuck this over yo, Bob, and git yo outen thar. Look out!' Bobi nodded his acquiescence. . Very deftly tho Don swung tho loop about his lioad, opening it at each turn with a gontlo movement of his wrist; thon, when it hud acquired just tho right momentum, lio lot it slip from his hand. It wont weaving and twisting through the air, mid sottlcd down over Bob's shoulders. Taking a turn of tho froo ond about his saddle-horn, tho Don baoked Rozinanto away from tho stream, and in another second Bob, wet and muddy, stood by Mirnndy's sido. Tho Don did nothing by halves, nud when ho saw Mirandy jump to the ground to greet her loror, ho discreetly turned his head aside, and endeavorod, though ineffectually, not to hear tho sounding smack that followed. That little matter over, oiico moro ho swung his lasso, and onco inoro it shot snakily through tho air. This time tho open loop dropped over tho head of tho horse. Now tho don had his hands full; tho animul reared, nnd strugglod, and snorted, but tho effect ol tho strong, sfoady pull was apparent iu time, and at last tho horse stood upon tho hank—muddy, trembling, and weak. About four o'clock that afternoon (a party of threo rode into Santa Rosa. In spito of their wet and bedragglod appoaraneo it was plain that two of them wero in oxoollent spirits. The third was silent and preoccupied. Tho rain had long sinco ceased; tho warm sun had dispersed tho clouds, and tho bluo sky was without a spot or speck. Tho party rodo straight to tho little adobo church —built yoars ago by an over-sanguino missionary, but now a long time nnoooupied. It stood gablo-ond to tho plaza, its ridgo ornamented with a bell-tower which sheltered a voiceless bell. To tho rail in front of tho church wero hitched threo or four saddled ponies, while loitering iu tho shado wero as many men, dressod in their best, with freshly greasod boots and clean-shaven facos, that showed whito by contrast with their sunburned necks and foreheads. • Well, boys! hero we be!' cried Bob, oheerfully, as ho drow up. ' Evorythin' all right, Bill ?' ' Yes,' said Bill Hansom, as ho stepped up and laying his hand on Miraady's rein, helped her to discount. 'How d'yo do, ma'am ? You're lookin' well.' Theu noticing tho Don, ho loaned over to Bob and whispered ; ' Good Gawd! Bob ! "What's that? Soino now kind of fam'ly ghost ?' ' Ho'a my hatod rival,' said Bob, complacently ; ' an' he's goin' to give tho brido away, owin' to tho unavoidablo absonco of hor mother.' Hero ho winked at Bill in a very facotious manner. 'Give us all away, you mean,' growled Bill, ' Looks's if ho'd bin locoed,' but no ono seemed to hoar him. ' Wul, como on now, boys,' said Bob, as ho gallantly tucked Mirandy's arm through his. ' Como along ! Less got this little oxpor'incnt over. Is tho Ilon'ablo Jastico Parker on deck an' sober, Bill f' ' Tho Hon'blo Justice Parker, I regrot to say,' said Bill slowly, 'is on deck—rc-markably so—but far from sober. Ho attempted to clean out tho " Mavcriok " at oxaotly two p.m., an' we had to tio him an' put him to bed, where lie now is, a ravin' maniac from too muoh strong drink.' Bob uttered a very profane ejaculation. ' Curse him ! I givo him fivo dollars in advance 'cause ho promised to keep straight till alter tho woddin'.' ho 6»id. ' What wo goin' to do ? Tom Davis an' tho widdor '11 bo horo in an hour with a possy, an' I want to git married 'fore they como. There's suro to bo a fight, an' I want to lcavo Mirandy all right in caso I git hit.' Tho Don stopped forward. ' If you're lookin' fur some ono to marry ye,' ha said, ' I reckon I kin help ye out—do good fur ovil —as I'm qualified to that oxtent, hovin' a license to preach an' rcarry.' It was a veiy short ccremony as the Don performed it, and he brought it to a close in a style that some of the guests thought a little abrupt. ' Walk ye in the narrer rud—I pronounce ye botli one an' the same.' Indeed, Bill Ransom was much dissatisfied with the whole affair. •Le's- make him do it over again,' he said ; •'taint more'n half bindin' as 'tis noiv. I could've done it belter'n that myself.' But Bob would not hear of it. ' No, siree!' he said ; ' we're married, an' thct's enough. There's no double or quits about this. I'm satisfied, if Mirandy is,' and Mirandy said she was, entirely so. •An' now, gen'lemen,' said Bob, a few moments later, standing in front of the Maverick bar, 'here's my thanks to all, an' goodbye.' He slowly raised his glass, and held it an instant between his eye and the light. ' Mirandy an' I cal'latc to rid over to Forty de Luny to-night; its only twenty-five mile, an' we've borrowed a couple o' fresh liosses, an' to- morrow we'll go on up to my place oil th' 'Lupy creek. A week from to-day we'll liev a dance, an' you're all to come. By that time the widder 'II be all solid, I reckon, I'm sorter glad we did not meet her to-day ; she's so devilish sensitive she'd shot some one, sure.' J As Bob and Mirandy rode away, they were sped on their journey by a salute from a dozen [ revolvers. Bill Ransom, who felt that he occupied the position of best man, was determined that the affair should como nothing short of complete success, and he hurriedly pulled off his huge riding-boot and threw it after them, spur and all. 'Not hevin' a slipper,' he said, 'I iired my boot—fur luck— though it's God's mercy it didn't hit 'cm,' A year from that day saw very few changes in San Miguel County. The widder and Tom had longsincc forgiven Bjb and Mirandy, who were living at Bob's ranch on the 'Lupy creek. With what Mirandj had brought him, added to his own, Bob found himself owner of three hundred and fifty cows, which made him quite a man of property. But then, there was every reason why he should be, since he was a man of family also. ' Yes, sir ; it's a boy, just as certain as the world,' he had announced at Santa Rosa; 'but lie's redder an' softer'n what I sposed babies gen'rally was. I'm sorter 'fraid to touch him, fear he'll break in two, but he's a healthy breather.' This addition to his responsibilities made Bob more sedate and steady-going than before. He worked hard, early and late, and his only play-time whs at night, when he took his seat by the fire and watched Mirandy and the baby. ' Lord! it's the queerestest thing, to set here an* see you fixin' that there kid, Mirandy, just as if you'd never done nothin' else all yer life.' Where ever you learned it, I can't thinkand Mirandy -would look up at Bob and smile, but not in her old coquettish way. Another expression, -more thoughtful and. tender, hod taken its place now. She was still the same buxom, stalwart Mirandjmhe had ever been, but now she had a new object in life; Bho felt that new responsibilities required new manners. was quite a pioturo to boo thoso threo— Mirandy seated in a low rooking-chnir beforo tho hugo, opon day firo-plaoe, filled with a roaring wood-firo, with her baby on her lap, and Bob by hor side, watching her with n smilo of gratified prido, as ho fussed And cooed ovor tho boy. 'It boats all,' ho used to say, ' which likos it tho best—you or him—or ino.' Sotnotiraes the Don would rido over from tho Barzee, whora he was still nttaolied us eaok, and spend tho ovoning. His regard for Mirandy was as diop as ever, but since her inarriago it had tuken a different form, being now moro of a paternal nature, for ho had now come to look upon hor almost as a daughter. Tlio Don—ho was elill known by that namo—had appropriated that little chapol at Sauta Ilosn, wherein Bob and Mirandy had been married, and every Sunday morning during tho winter, ho had ridden over iroin the Barzeo Rjnoh and proachcd thero. His success in that direction had beon 110 hotter than his attompt at cooking, but ho was not castdown, and persevered faithfully. ' San Mikoll is protty Btony ground, but it aint all rock,' ho would gay hopofully. Tho now spring oponcd promisingly. Tho prico of oattlo was unusually high ; a vory sovore winter had raged ovor tho northorn ranges in Dakota, .Montana, and Wyoming, and tho losses amonir tlio cattlo thoro had becu onormous, in somo instances entire herds having died from cold and starvation, Tho stockmen of San Miguel County were jubilant, for thoir own losses had been very fow, tho Barzeo estimato being less than two per cent.; and, this, added to tho fact that threo-yoar-old steers woro bringing thirty-dollars, nud likely to bring thirtyfivo dollars, made overy ono happy, and prospectively rioh. With tho return of spring, as in formor years, men Btartod out ovor tho rango on preliminary survoys, in preparation for tho round-up. Thus it happened that Bob loft Mirundy and tho baby at his ranch ono morning and rode away. Ho had kept no assistants all wiutor; ho did his own work, knowing it was his duty to economise for hor sake, and so Mirandy was left alono, but they woro neither troubled about this. Mirandy steppod out to soo who it was, but not until she had shaded he/ oyes with hor hand did sho rocogniso tho Don. ' Wal, I declar' V sho said, ' of taint you ! Won't yo 'light?1 but tho Don declined tho invitation, rather abruptly. 'Mirandy,' ho said, ' I beam down 011 th' Pecos that thero was a band of Injuns out from th' Reservation, looso, and ' 'Injuns!' cried Mirandy, incredulously; ' why, thero ain't no Injuns within two hundred milos of this yoro!' ' Ef you'd seen the things I've seen,' said tho Don slowly, ' you'd say thore was Injuns within ton miles of this yero—broke out of tho Mcsoalero Reservation—they shot at Rubo Priday, an' thoy'ro runnin' off st ok, an killin' any ono thoy kin kotcb. You must git' your baby an' comowithmo to thu Barzeo till this thing's settled.' Mirandy domurred at firsts-'sho warn't afraid of no Injuns," sho said—but tho recollection of her baby decided her, and in a few minutes they wero riding rapidly towards the Barzeo, twelvo milos away. Vory tendorly tho Don carried (lie child, wrapped in a lioavy blankot, whilo Mirandy rodo at his side, hor oyes constantly on tho bundlo. As thoy rcachcd tho top of a mesa, two miles from their destination, they paused a momont to breathe thoir horses. Suddenly tho Don noticed a commotion in a bunoh of cattlo behind him ; thay wero running in evidont alarm; then ho heard a rifle-shot and then another. His kcon littlo eyes instantly detected tho causo of tho disturbance. ' Thero they bo! Rido! Mirandy, rido!' and away they dashed down tho hill. Spur, spur, and sparo not! Ride, rido—for your lives, rido ! They had a good half milo the start, and if thoy could only maintain it they woro safe. Mirandy's horso was fresher and speedier than the Don's, and sho had constantly to slow up for him, but ho rode steadily along, giving his on tiro attention to tho child. And yet they had to rido carefully, too, for if a horse should step into prairio-dog's holo, or oven stumble, it would bo fatal. On they went through tho dust—their pursuers very slowly gaining on them, and keeping up a continued firing. It seemed as if they must bo hit, but they rode on and on, never swerving nor halting a moment. Onco a rifle-ball furrowed tho brim of Mirandy's sombroro; onco tho Don's light stirrup was splintered ; but still they kept on, or, on, with the yelling fiends behini thom. At last they ncared tho ranch (tho duek was slowly turning into night), and onco there thoy wero safe, for it was garrisoned by a dozen men—good shots, woll-armed, and daring, overy ono. As thoy dashed along the trail, they camo to a place whero it forked; tho main track ran around a mesa bluff and down into the valley whero the house Btood, but thoro was a shorter path, leading ovor the cliff, down which it was possible, with great care, to lead a horso. It was rocky and steep, thero being a straight jump of five feet in one place. As they approaohed tho fork, tho Don motioned Mirandy to take this path, and without hesitation she rode for tho bluff, and disappeared over tho edge with tho Don closo after. How they ever reached tho bottom alivo is still Vmystory in tho county, but thoy did, and a few moments later pulled up in front of tho Barzeo Ranch. Tho men crowded to the door—one bearing a lantern —to seo who tho new arrivals were, and to learn what tho firing had beon about. No : ono BUBpectcd then that tho Don had been hit • ho still bore the baby very tenderly on his left | arui, whilo with his right he steadied himself by tho saddle-horn. It was not until his charge had beta transferred to Mirandy's 1 caro that ho reeled, and Rubo Priday had just time to catch him as he lurched heavily from his horso. As thoy laid him gently on the ground, he fainted and the blood welled through his lips, which he had till then kept tightly dosed. They carried him into the house and endeavoured to staunch the blood, but it was a hopeless case—he had been shot through the lung. It was a solemn scene that the dim rays from tho smoky lantern lit up in tho Barzee Ranch that night. Around the dying man were grouped the stem-faced riders, whilo at his head knelt Rube, vainly endeavoring to force some Btimulants past his lips* After a little he revived, and looked 'about him on the familiar faces. .'Boys,' he said, very faintly, ' they're safe, Mirandy an' th' baby—deliver me from— mine offences—an'—forgive ' That's all. Ono of tho men turned to the couch whero the baby lay. ' He's asleep!' he whispered. ' So is the Don,' said Rube, as ho reverently drew tho rough blankot ovor tho poor old fellow's face. 