BISHOP MOORE AT MARY BOROUGH. MARYBOROUCH, Monday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The Right Rev. Dr Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, accompanied by Rev. Father Reffe, arrived here by the 10.30 a.m. train to-day for the purpose of making a hurried inspection of the Catholic Church and school. They were met at the local sta tion by the Rev. Father O’Neil (pastor of this mission), his worship the mayor (Mr T. Casey), ami the members of the church com mittee. As the visit was of a semi-private character, no formal demonstration of wel come was tendered the bishop, this being reserved for an occasion in the near future, when Dr Moore is expected to administer the sacrament of confirmation in the town. The bishop and his companion were shown over St. Augustine’s church and school, after which they were entertained by Father O’Neil in the handsome new pres bytery, which has been completed on a design supplied by Messrs Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy, architects, of Ballarat. The bishop was highly pleased with the building, and complimented the pastor and congre gation upon the zeal displayed in providing so commodious a residence for the clergy in Maryborough. The health of the bishop and his rev. companion was proposed by Father O’Neil in felicitous terms, allusion being made to the sterling service Dr Moore had rendered the church in the Ballarat district during his visit to Europe, and especially to his efforts for the advancement of Catholic education in procuring the services of the Fathers of the Holy- Ghost to conduct the first Catholic college in Ballarat. Bishop Moore briefly replied, expressing his gratifi cation with the success that had attended his mission to Europe, and his confident antici pations of the good results that would accrue through the agency of the Catholic college and orphanage, as also through the instrumentality of the Sisters of Nazareth who had come witlf him to labor in the diocese. Father RelFe also suitably re sponded, referring" in affectionate terms to Ireland, _iu which he had labored with his order for the past 24- years. He was not a native of the green isle, but from the time he first set foot upon it his heart warmed in sympathy, which, in the course of years, had ripened into a pas sionate devotion; and if there was one thing to compensate for his exile from the Isle of Saints, it was the knowledge that he had come to labor in “ another Ireland beyond the ocean.” Father O'Neil next proposed the health of the Presbytery committee, and testified to the willing co-operation they had given in the erection of the building. Mr Casey and the other members of the committee who were present responded, concurring in accrediting Father O’Neil with the success that hail been achieved, and testifying to the affectionate regard in which the rev. gentleman is held by his own flock, and the esteem entertained for him by all denominations. The Bishop and Father Reffe returned to Ballarat by the 12.15 train, intending to visit Ararat this even ing. 