Religion and Philanthropy. Modern "Spiritualism. By Bbv. Da. Tauuoe. " Behold, there 1* a woman that hnth a familiar spirit at Kndor. And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he -went, and two men •with blm, and they came to the Woman by night; and lie said, I pray thee> divine unto me by the fumiluir spirit, and bring me him up, whom I shall liauie."—1 Samuel xxviii. 7,8. , 1 have recently become a spiritualist. At least, so some of the journals of that false belief declare. This, together with the fact that " mediums" are now being tried in courts* setting millions of people to make inquiry in regard to communication between this world and the next, leads me to preach this sermon. Trouble to the right of him and trouble to ; the left of him, Saul, the King of Israel, knew not what to do. As a last resort, he concluded to Beek out a spiritual medium, or a witch, or anything that you please to call her—a. woman who had communications with the spirits^ of the hidden world. Is was a very difficult thing to do, for Saul had either slain all the witches, or compelled them to stop business. A servant one day said to King Saul, " I know of a spiritual medium down at the village of En dor." "Do you?" said the king, Night fftllfl. Saul, putting off his kindly robes, and putting on tbe dress of a plain citizen, with two servants, goes out to bunt up Hub medium. Saul and his servants alter awhile reached the village, and they say, " I wonder if this is the houseand they look in, and they see the haggard, weird, and ehrivelled-up spiritual medium Bitting by the light, and on the table sculptured images, and divining rods, and poisonous herbs, and bottles, and vases. They say, "Yes, this must be the place." One loud rap brings the woman to the door; and as she stands there, holding the candle or lamp above her head, and peering out into the darkness, she aays, "Who is here?" The tall king informs her that he has come to have his fortune told. When she hears that she trembles, and almost drops tbe light, for she knows there is no. chance for a fortune-teller or spiritual medium in all the land. But Saul having vowed that no harm shall come to her, she says, "Well, who shall I bring up from the dead?" Saul says, " Bring up Samuel." That was the prophet who had died a little while before. I see her waving, a wand, or stirring up some poisonous herbs in a cauldron, or hear her muttering over some incantations, or stamping with her foot, as she cries out to the realm of the dead, "Samuel! Samuel!" Lo, the freezing horror! The floor of the tenement opens, and the gray hairs float up, and the forehead, the eyes, the lips, the shoulders, the arms, the feet, the entire body of the dead. Samuel, wrapped in sepulchral robe, appear to tbe astonished group, who stagger back, and hold fast, and catch their breath, and shiver with terror. The dead prophet, white and awful, from the tomb, begins to move his ashen lips, and he glares upon King Saul, and cries out, " What did you bring me up for ? What do you mean, King Saul ?" Saul, trving to com pose and control himself, makes this stammer ing and affrighted utterance, as he says to the dead prophet, " The Lord is against me, and I have come to you for help. What shall I do ?" The dead prophet stretched forth his Anger to King Saul and said, 4• Die to-morrow! Come with me into the sepulchre. J am going now. Come, come with mc!" And lo! the floor again opens, and tie feet of the dead'prophet disappear, and the arms, and the shoulders, and the forehead. The floor closes. Oh, that was an awful and a blood-chilling seance! I. I learn from this subject that spiritualism is a very old religion. Spiritualism in America was born in the year 1M7, in Hydesvflle, Wayne County, New York, when one night there was a loud rap heard against the door of Michael Weekman; a rap a second time; a rap a third time; and all three times, when the door was opened, there was nothing found there, tho kuocking having been made seem ingly by iu visible knuckles. In that same house there was a young woman who had a cold hand passed over her face, and there being seemingly no arm attached to it, ghostly suspicions were excited. The excitement spread. There was a universal rumpus. The Hon. Judge Edmunds declared, in a book, that be had actually seen a bell start from the top shelf of a closet, heard it ring over the people that were standing in tbe closet; then, swung by invisible hands, it rang over tho people iu tbe back parlour; aud floated through the foiling doors to the front parlour, rang ov«r the people there, and then dropped on the floor. N. P. Talmage, Senator of the United } States, afterwards Governor of Wiscouriu, had 1 his head quite turned with spiritualistic de- I monstratious. The tables tipped, and tbe stools tilted, and the bedsteads raised, and the ' chairs upset, and it 6eeiced as if alt the spirits ; everywhere had gone into tho furniture busi- i nees! Well, the people said: " We have got; something new in this country; it is a new : rriiinnnf" OK «« ^ - religion!" Oh no, my friend, thousands of i years igo we find in our text a spiritualistic j seance. ] Nothing occurring in the spiritualistic circles ' of our day has been more 6trange, mysterious, and really wonderful than things which have been seen in post centuries of tue world. In all the ages there have been necromancers, those who consult with the spirits of the de- j parted; charmers, those who put their subjects j _ poisonous drug*, bee everything, and hear everything, and. tell evciytbing; dreamers people who in iheir sleeping momenta can see the future world and hold consultation withI spirits. Yes, before the time of Christ tho' Brahmins wont through all tho table- I moving, all tbe furniture excitement, which the spirits have explored iu our day; precisely tho sume thing over and over again, under the manipulations of the ' Brahmins. Now do you say that spiritualism 1 is different from these? I answer, all these delusions I have mentioned belong* to the same family. Theyareexhumations from the un seen world. What does God think of all these delusions P He tfiinlra so severely of them that He never speaks of them hut with livid thunders of indignation. He says: "I will be a swift witness against the sorcerer." He Bays: " Thou shalt not suffer a witob to live." And lest you might make some important distinc tion between spiritualism and witchcraft, God siys, in so many words: "There shall not he among you a consulter of familiar spirits, or wizard, or necromancer; for they that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord." The Lord God Almighty, in a score of passages, which I have not now time to quote, utters His indignation against all this great family of delusions. After that he a spiritualist if jou dare I II. Still further, we learn from this text how people fall into spiritualism. Saul had enough trouble lo kill 10 men. He did not know where to go for relief. After a while he re solved to go and see the witch of Endor. *He expected that somehow she would afford him relief. It was his trouble drove him there And I have to tell you now that spiritualism finds its victims in the troubled, the bankrupt, the sick, the bereft. You lose your watch, and ?)u go to the fortune-teller to find where it is. ou lose a friend, you want the spiritnal world opened so that you may have communication with him. In a highly wrought nervous and utterly diseased state of mind, you go and put yourself in that communication. This is one strong reason why I hate spiritualism. It takes advantage of one in a moment of weakness, which may come upon us at any time. We lose a friend. The trial is keen, sharp, suffo cating, almost maddening. If we could marshal a host, and storm the eternal world, and recapture our loved one, the host would soon be marshalled. The house is so lonely. The world is so dark. The separation is co insufferable. But spiritualism says: " We will open the future world, and your loved one can come back and talk to you." Though we may not hear his voice, we may hear the rap of his hand. So clear the table. Sit down. Put your hands on the table. Be very quiet. Five minutes gone. Ten -minutes. No motion of the table. Na response from the spirit world. Twenty minutes. Thirty minutes pass. Nervous excite ment all the time|is increasing. Forty minutes. The table shivers. Two raps from the future world. The letters of the alphabet are called over. The departed friend's name is John. At the pronunciation of the letter "J," two raps. At the pronunciation of the letter 14 O," two raps. At the pronunciation of the letter " H," two raps. At the pronunciation of the letter "N," two raps. There you have the whole name spelled out. J-o-h-n, John. Now, the spirit being present, you say: "John, are you happy ?" Two raps givo an affirmative answer. Pretty soon the hand of the medium begins to twitch and toss, and begins to write out, after paper and ink are furnished, a message from the eternal world. What is remarkable, the departed spirit, although it has been amid the illuminations of the heavens, cannot spell as well as it need to. It has lost alt grammatical accuracy and cannot write as distinctly. I received a letter throngb a medium once. I sent it back. I said: "Just please to tell those ghosts they had better go to school and get improved in their orthography." Now just think of spirits, that the Bible represents as enthroned in glory, coming down to crawl under the table, and break crockery, and ring tea-bells before supper is ready, and rap the window shutter on a gusty night I Is there any consolation in any such poor, miserable work compared .with the thought that pur departed Christian friends, now rid of pain and languish ing, are in the radiant Bocietj of Christ and heaven, and that we shall join them there, not in a stifled and mysterious half-utterance, which makeB the hair stand on end and the cold chills creep along the back, but in an un hindered and illimitable delight ? III. I loara, stiU further, from this subject, that, spiritualism and necromancy are un mistakably affairs of darkness. Why did not Saul go in the daylight ? He was ashamed to go. Besides that, he knew that this spiritual medium, like all her sucessore, performed her exploits in the night. The Davenports, the Fowlers, the Foxes, the spiritual mediums of all ages, have chosen the night or a darkened room. Why ? The majority of their wonders have been delusions and cheats; and deception prospers best in the night. Some of the performances of spiritualistic mediums are not to be ascribed to fraud, but to some occult and mysterious law that after a while, I suppose, may be demonstrated. But I believe that now 999 outof every 1,000 achieve ments on the part of mediums are arrant and unmitigated deceit. The mysterious xcd letters that used to come oat on the medium's arm wero found to have been made by au iron pencil that went heavily over the flesh, not tearing it, but so disturbing the blood that it came up in great round letters. The witnesses of the seances have locked tbo door, put the key in their pocket, arrested the operator, and found out, by searching the room, that hidden levers moved the tables. The sealed letter that was mysteriously read without opening, have bscn found to have been cut at tho side, and then afterwards slyly put together with ; gum arabic; and tbo medium who, with a heavy blanket over his head, could read a book has been found to have had a bottle of phos phoric oil, by the light of which anybody can read a book; and ventriloquism, and leger demain, and uleight-of-baud, and optical delu sion for nearly everything. Deception being the main staple of modern spiritualism, no wonder it chooses tho darkness ! You have all seen strange and unaccountable things in tho night. Almost ovary man has at some time hod a touch of hallucination. Somo time ago, I had been over-tempted to eat bomethiag indigestible before retiring at night, 1 and I saw the president of one of the | prominent colleges astride tho foot of the bed, I while ho demanded of mo a loon of o cents! I When I awakened I had no idea it ™.V . thing supernatural. And X have to advS. if you hear and see strange things at J°?' atop eating hot mincepie. and talm «. 3' ^ antibilious medicine. It is an outaisft? oal organism, enough to deceive the verlXh after sundown, that does neariv all it.!? Bloct the night . The witch > seances at night; so they do all. - IV. Still further: X learn from mv tort tt.i Bpintuahsm is doom and death to i2T £•, 1 ' King Saul thought that he would£th^fe thei'• medium," but the first thin/thatTe makes him swoou awav, and no soon., if!? resuscitated than he 'is told he j!14 Spiritualism is doom and death to ex, that yields to it. It ruins Cbody TO0 upon an audience" of spirituaUstsiauWo^ weak, nervous, exhausted, hands^-l™^1 and cold, voices sopulchral and nm?™"1* bewildered with raps. I never knew* £0?' firmed spiritualist who had a healthy nerS system. It is incipient epilepsy and Destroy your nervous system and von well be dead. I have noticed are hearing raps from the future wnrM vI but little strength left to bear the hard raps $ this world A man can live witlDli ™ lung, or with no eyes, and be happy, & have been under such afflictions; but woe £ hi the man whose nerves are shattered SnirihT.i mm smites first of all, and mlghtiiyTaS tho^ nervous system, and so makes h% V. I indict spiritualism, also, becawe il l, ft social and marital curse. The worst d^ds of licenuousuess and the worst orgies of ohWite have been enacted under its patronage Tbo story 18 too vile for me to tell. I wffl w pollute my tongue nor your ears with fl,. recital. Sometimes the civil law has toe! evoked to stop the outrage. Families immm^ holdbCf ° br°k(;n Up by ifc- It has pushed hundreds of young women into a fif8 0« profligacy. It talks about "elective affinities » and affinal relations," and " matches," and adopte the whole voeabS^d free-lonsm. In one of its public journals it dedares marriage is the monster curse of civilisation." «It is a sourco of debau^ md intemperance. If epiritualism could haw its full awing it srould turn this world into a jmndemomum of carnality. Itis antmclMU adulterous, damnable religion, and the sooner {i»r°PhrS.tv iton> wbicb it rose, the better both for earth and heaven. For tha sat*■ of man a honour and woman's puritr. I mt I** the last vestige of it perish for ever. I w&r; could gather up all the raps it has overhead from spints blest or banned, and gather them annihCa1ttanrn W in thanderio? of Vt. 1 further indiot spiritualism for thatit is fnnP«« {"""l ? msan,'fy- There is not a lunatic asylum between Bangor and San Ran fti® J"? n-ot ,h® toro acd bleeding vic tims of this delusion. Go into any asylum. I care not where it is and the prcsiding'dootor; after you have asked him, » What is the matter with that man?" will say, "Spiritual! urn demented himor, " What is the matter with that woman r he will say. Snmtnni it has It has swept Off into mental midnight judges, senators, governors ministers of the Gospel, and at one time came ?r?-r.JaQP.tU.nDg' ?ne **"> Presidents of the United States. At Flushing, near this city s man became absorbed with it, forsook his t0°. hia. on!y -£3,000, sorren 4?T ..em f Vfitualistio medium in New York, attempted no less than three times to pat ? ,n„j °wn life, and then was incar cerated in the State lunatic, asylum, where he is to-day. Oh, what a fatal falsehood! Many years ago the steamer Atlantio started from burope for the United States. Iu mid. ocean, the machinery broke, and she floundered around day after day, week after week; and tors whole month after she was due people wondered, and finally gave her up. Thmewas t£° Cltiea' for there were many who had friends aboard that vessel Some of the women, in their distress, went to the medium, and inquired as to the fate of that vessel. The medium called up the S .I . toppings on the table indi cated the steamer lost, with all'on board. ,wenfc raving mad with disappoint anguish, and were carried to the lunatic asylum. After awhile one day a gun was heard off Quarantine. The flags went up on the shipping, and the bells of tha churches were rung. The newsboys ran through tho streets, crying.- "Extra' Ttin Atlantic is safe!" There was the embracing asi from the dead, when friends came again to hu.' aomo of those passengers found J • /" lamt,e asylum, where this cheat of infernal spiritualism had put them. A man in Bellevuo Hospital, dying from he trifd 7 by-!"S °-wn hmid' "ras a8ked whT he taod to commit suicide, and he said: "The th7;l7) ^fi 1110 t?'", Parents have strangled their children, and when asked why they did it, lepiied : Spiritualism domanded it." It is the patroniser of and forager for tho madhouse. Judge Edmonds, in Broadway Tabernacle, Aew York, delivering a lecture in behalf of spiritualism explicitly admitted, iu so many words ^' There is a fascination about consulta tion with tho spirits of the dead that has a tendency to lead people off from their right 1, gemant, and to instil into them a fanaticism that is revolting io thonatuval mind." It not only ruins its disciples, but it ruing the mediums ulao, only givo it timo. The Gadaran Binno, on tho banks of the Bako of Galilee, no joouor becamo spiritual in odiums than down they went in a horrible avalanche, to tho con sternation of all the herdsmen. Tho office of a medium is bad for a man, bad for a woman, bad for a beast. VIL I briii# against this spiritualistic deceit that it utterly ruins tho soul. First it makes a man a quarter of aa infidel, then ifc makes bio • i an *hen it inukes him a wholo mfuiel. The wholo system, as t conceive it, is ounded on cho insufficiency of tbo Word of (*od as a revclatiou. God saya tho Bible ifl enough for you to know about the future world, kou say it i» not enough, and thero is wbero you and tho liord differ. And although the Scriptures Bay; "Add thou aofc unto fiiswwil eat Ho reprove thee, and thou he found a liar," onriflk it"'and say, " Come back, spirit of ray * father; come back, spirit of my de u parted mother, of my companions. of ray littlo ' Md—and toll me some things I {Sid—and toll mo somo things I don't know about you, and about tho unseen '/world.1' If God is ever rudely slapped in tho : 'fwe» ifc ia when a spiritual medium puts dottn " ber.hand on the table, invoking spirits depatted ^ 'to mako a revelation. God has told you all you ' ought to know, and how dure you bo prying into y flat which is none of your business? You ^cannot keep tho Bible in ono hand and spiri ?k': tdaliara in tho other. One or the other will " ''inevitably dip out of your grasp, depend upon • lt»;' • Spiritualism is adverse to tho Bible in the a fact* that it has in these last days assumed to call from the future world Christian men to r Ratify against Christianity. Its mediums pro v . fesS 'to' call back Lorenzo Low, the celebrated evangelist, and Lorenzo Low testifies that ; lo Christians are idolaters. Spiritualism calls back Tom Payne, and he testifies that hods v Stopping in the samo house in heaven with John : '.Bunyan. They call back John "Wesley, and he ' / testifies against tho Christian religion, which : ; all' hie life gloriously preached. Andrew Jackson Davis, the greatest of all the spiritual » fate, comes to the front, and declares that the ,}few Testament is but " the dismal echo of a /'.'barbaric age," and the Bible only " one of the i pen-and-ink relics of Christianity.": ;f«Bnt," says someone, "would not it be of < advantage to hear from tho future world? Do ' ^nbt-you think it would strengthen Christians 1 "very much indeed? There are a great many 1 . materialists who do not believe ihero are souls; •..but;if spirits from the future world should ' knock and talk over to us, they would be per ] . spaded." To that I answer, in the ringing ...wordsof Jesus Christ, tho Son of God, "If ■ they believe net Moses and the prophets) . neither will they bo persuaded, though one rose* " from the dead." I firmly believe .that these aro the days of which the apostle spoke when he said, " In the . Utter days some shall depart , from the faith; ? : giving heed to secret spirits." I think my • audience, as well as other audiences in this day, need to have reiterated in their hearing the «■ ■ - passages I quoted borne minutes ago, " There i . shall not be among you a coiisulter of familiar at spirits; or wizard, or necromancer; for they that do these things are an abomination unto . the Lord;" and " The soul that turneth after ' suoh as have familiar spirits, I will set Myself . against them, and they shall bo cut off from a ' their people." But I earnestly invite you this morning lo :a'; Christian seance, a noonday seauce. Ibis ♦" 'congregation is only ono great family. Here U the church table. Come around tbo church • table; take your seats for thiB great Christian . . seance; put your Biblo on the table, put your , . hands on top of tho Bible, and then listen, and I hear if there aro any voices coming from tho J u .eternal world. I think there are. Listen J " Secret things belong unto tbo Lord our God; .. but things that are revealed belong unto usi '. '.and to our children." Surely, thut is a voice ; from the spirit world! But boforo you rise r" " from this Christian Beauce, I want you to pro mige mo you will bo satisfied with the Divine revelation until the light of tho eternal throne breaks upon your vision. Donot go afterthe : S witch of Endor. Do not sit down at table i tappings, in sport or in earnest. Teach tout children there are no ghosts to he seen or heard in this world, savo thoso which walk on two feet or four—human or bestial. ; •. Remember that spiritualism, at the best, is a ,'-useless thing; for if it tolls what the Bible , . reveals, it is a superfluity; and if it tells what ) r>th^ Bible does not reveal, it is a babe and cruel ^ ^lie...'Instead of going out to get otber people tell your fortune, tell your own fortune by putting your trust iii God and doing tho best • yoacan.. I will toll your fortune: "All things -work together for good to tbem that love God." • ' Insult not your departed friends by asking them . 1 to come down and scramble under an extension • - table. Remember tbat tbere is only one Spirit whoso diotation you have a right to invoke, and •: . - that Is the holy, blessed, and omnipotent Spirit ; of God. Hark! He is rapping now, not on a : table, or the floor, but on tho door of your : heart, and ©very rap is an invitation to .Christ ;; 4 and a warning of judgement to come. Oh, grieve Him not away. Quench Him not. Ho . ^ has been all around you this morning. Ho was 4; ;; all around you last night. Ho has been around "j - ypd alb your lives. Hark! Thoro comes a *; . voico -with; tender, overmastering intonation, ^saying: 4f My Spirit shall not always strive." j 