BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Hogarth's old house in Chiswick has been turned into a workman's temperance club. It is announced from Kieff that a Russian operatic company is about to visit Vienna. Berlin, Brussels, Paris and London, to perform exclusively in Russian. It is reported that the Presbyterian clergymen off the United States have decided by a majority that the use of tobacco will in future disqualify for a preacher's license. The Times of India says that a general prder is about to be issued by the Commander- in-Chief directing that cavalry, like infantry, ahall henceforth cheer when charging. The young gorilla which the London Zoo- logical Society was endeavoring to acclimatise is dead. The society has not yet succeeded in raising an animal of this kind. The Dean of Manchester Cathedral (England) has accepted the offer of a well-known citizen to place a stained glass window in Manchester Cathedral, in memory of General Gordon. One million dollars per annum has been offered the Government of Peru by a strong Chinese mercantile house in San Francisco in return for the exclusive right to import opium into Peru. French toy manufacturers are complaining of the crushing rivalry of the Germans, who are charged with making false Custom-house entries to secure low duties, and with imitating French goods. The perfume of the Alpine flower, the edelweiss, which is delicious when fresh, has been compared to the aroma of the tropical banana. The scent rarely lasts over an hour after the flower has been picked. Qaeen Victoria owns the largest book over bound. It measures 18in. across the back, and weighs 30lb. It contains the jubilee addresses of congratulation from the members of the Primrose League. Pastor Christoff, a Lutheran clergyman of the Baltic Provinces of Russia, has been deported under an escort of gendarmes to Astrakan, for having, it is alleged, spoken disrespectfully of the Government. Three disguised men lately entered the National School at Coolnagert, Ireland, and in the presence of the school children fired some revolver shots at the teacher, named Robertson, wounding him in the stomach. The French Literary Society has decided to open an International Literary Congress, analogous to that which was presided over by Victor Hugo in 1878, on the occasion of the approaching Universal Exhibition of Paris. The Russian Government issued orders preventing Russian Poland from sending addresses, money, or presents to the Pope on the occasion of his jubilee. The Czar and his family also abstained from sending presents. A short time ago the Ameer of Afghanistan seized 13 men of the Mungal tribe at Logar and had them killed at Chawan, in Cabul. They were shaved, and a circle of mud was made on their heads, in which oil was put and burned. It Is stated that under the present system of charging the duty upon spirits in Great Britain, a loss to the revenue estimated at from £60,000 to £80,000 per annum is incurred without any corresponding advantage to the trader. The shareholders of the gambling bank at Monaco have never had such a profitable season as the last, says their report. The latter, however, concludes with these cheerful words, "There were only 76 suicides during the season." The curious phenomenon of "red snow" was observed recently in the Gail Valley, Tyrol. It appears the size of the hand on the white surface of the snow, and when left to melt on a piece of paper there remains a brick- colored sediment. At Gellivara, Sweden, is a mountain of iron visible 40 miles. The mount is several miles long, of peroxide of iron 98 per cent., and calculated at 280,000,000 of tons, can be quarried and put on trucks at 2s. per ton. A sister mount, Lussavara, is equally rich. It is a curious fact that, while Queen Victoria speaks German in her home circle, the present German Empress disregards it in hers and uses English as much as possible. English is the fireside tongue of the Greek, Danish, and Russian royal families. The anniversary of the battle of Majuba Hill, the crowning disaster to the British army in the Transvaal war in 1881, is observed as a festival throughout the Transvaal. All the Government offices, even including the telegraphs, are closed in honor of the day. The New York correspondent of a Berlin paper states that the Galileo arrived in that harbour a few days ago with the late Professor Leopold von Ranke's library on board, consisting of nearly 50,000 volumes. The collec[tion] has been bought for the Methodist Church University at Syracuse. One of the ex-King Thebaw's treasures is likely to be on view shortly in London. It is a carved ivory chair, which was commenced while Thebaw was on the throne by a forester of Moulmein, but which, as it took two years to make, was not completed when General Prendergast sent the King as a prisoner to Calcutta. A magnificent diamond, known as the Gor- do-norr, was on view recently in London. This gem, which is valued at from £12,000 to £15,000, was found at Wadjra Karur, in the presidency of Madras. In its rough state its weight was over 67 carats, and since being cut and polished, 21¼ carats. Lord Brassey, in The Times, says the capabilities of the colored races are nowhere seen to greater advantages than at Sierra Leone. They supply the official staff of the Government. A colored barrister of marked ability is the leader ot the Bar, and makes a professional income of £3000 a year. Babies are in great demand for crocodile bait in Ceylon. The crocodile hunters secure the little ones by personal solicitations. The babies are perched on the bank, so that the crocodiles can see them readily. The monsters go for their prey, but before the infants are devoured the hunters get in their work. A new thing out is a clock, with ordinary works, that will run for a year without attention. An electric battery concealed in the case winds up the clock from day to day or week to week as the need may be. Once in a great while the battery must be renewed, but that is all the care the clock calls for. Some of the large manufacturing firms in Sheffield are forming insurances for their workmen against epidemic, the workmen contributing 2 or 2½ per cent. of their weekly wages, and being guaranteed a sum equal to his average wages in case of his family being attacked by small-pox or other contagious diseases. Recently Mrs. D. Houghton was lying in bed with her baby in her cottage at Benayeo, when a mouse ran over the counterpane, followed by a large black snake in hot pursuit. The young woman was rendered helpless by fear, but her mother, an old colonist of the 1839 period, came to the rescue and soon sent the serpent to St. Patrick. A recent telegram from Rome to the London papers stated that orders had been issued from the War Office to push on with the greatest alacrity the transformation of the Wetterly into a repeating rifle. It was the intention of the Minister to arm in a few months not only the active army but the reserves likewise with the new rifle. A scheme has been set afoot in Manitoba to transport thither the 75,000 Icelanders still remaining in their native country, together with their flocks and herds. There has been a steady flow of Icelandic emigration to Canada for the last fifteen years, yet the population is said to be still too large for the resources of the island. The question as to the best means of promoting technical education is being discussed in Russia. A congress, summoned by the Permanent Committee for Technical education, is about to meet at St. Petersburg for the consideration of the subject. The sum ot £500 has been granted by tbe Government for the expenses of the Congress. The Central Cemetery of Vienna is intended to become for the capital of Austria what the Pere-la-Chaise is for Paris. A number of great men that flourished in Vienna have already been buried there, and in spring the remains of the great musicians, Mozart, Gluck, Beethoven, and Schubert, will be transferred to the spot selected for them. The new decree of expulsion directed against the foreign Jews in Russia, which affects some 36,000, chiefly Austrians, is pressing with crushing effect on rich and poor alike, but particularly upon the latter. All have received an intimation to wind up their affairs in the course of the present year, even the largest merchants and bankers. Pope Leo XIII. is very fond of agriculture, and has a passion for planting trees. One of his first works after his election was to plant the garden of the Vatican with fruit-trees and vines, and this year for the first time the grapes of the Vatican garden are turned into wine. His Holiness superintends the operation and gives the necessary orders. The late Lady Brassey, who died at sea on the 14th September, by her will, dated 22nd December, 1882, bequeathed her books, pictures, collections of works of art, and all the articles collected or purchased during the voyages of the yacht Sunbeam to her son, Thomas Allnutt Brassey, to be held by him as heirlooms, and £5,000 to him as a memento. A Royal Naval and Military Bazaar takes place next month ih London to further the establishment and maintenance of Soldiers' and Sailors' Homes at naval ports at home and abroad. The Queen patronises the undertaking, which aims at providing good, whole- some recreation for soldiers and sailors, and improving the condition of the Army and Navy. Her Majesty having been so often applied to of late by the mothers of triplets ordered her secretary to inform a Leigh applicant that " there is no such thing as a Queen's Bounty. It is merely a charitable donation granted to those who are in poor and indigent circumstances, to assist them to meet the unforeseen demands caused by the unexpected addition to the family." "Temporary suicide by a man unknown while in an unsound state of mind," was the somewhat peculiar verdict returned by a coroner's jury the other day in England. The officer of the Crown rubbed his crown and sighed. All these jurors are passing through the world as fairly sane folk, and perhaps they are on ordinary occasions. People often get mixed at "Crowners' quests." A "ghost" which lately had nightly terrified people in a village on the outskirts of Shrewsbury has been effectually laid ; 50 villagers set out with sticks and missiles, and succeeded in effecting a capture. The ghost was none other than a farmer. His captors chastised him severely, and he was only released on his handing over £5 for the local infirmary by way of compensation for his folly. By securely fastening the oyster-shells with a wire, the oyster can be kept for a long time. Car loads of oysters so treated on the shores of Chesapeake Bay have been despatched to San Francisco, and arrangements have been made to send consignments to London, Paris, Rome, and other cities, so that if the experiment proves a success, the American oyster will be eaten in its natural condition all over the civilized world. The Salvation Army contemplate opening a depot in London for the poor, the helpless, and the hungry. A basin of soup to a child, ¼d. soup and bread, ½d.; soup for an adult, ½d.; soup and bread, 1d.; coffee, tea, and cocoa at similar prices ; a clean sleeping place for a man and some light refreshment, 1d. £280 has been received towards fitting up the premises. A lady lion tamer in Dublin had gone successfully through her entertainment and the audience had retired. She was being photographed with her head in the mouth of one of the lionesses, when, startled by the sudden flash of the magnesium light, the animal closed its jaws, and it was with difficulty that the lady could be dragged bleeding from her dreadful position. Her injuries were not, however, serious. The additions to the London Zoological Society's Gardens include two striped hyænas from Algiers, presented by Captain E. B. Pusey, R.N.; an ortolan bunting, British, presented by Mr. W. H. St. Quinton ; a Moorish gecko, from Cannes, South France, presented by Mr. J. C. Warbury ; two Poiret's newts, from Algeria, presented by Mr. G. A. Boulenger; a greater sulphur-crested cockatoo, from Central America, purchased. London Truth of May 3 has the following concerning the Primate of Australia:— " Bishop Barry, who was in England last summer for six weeks, left Sydney on Monday for another journey home,and it would not surprise me if this proves to be his final departure from Australia. I fancy that Dr. Barry would now be glad to accept any adequate home preferment that might be offered to him, and he would be a valuable addition to the Bench." It seems that the African ivory dealers are quite as expert at trade tricks as are the members of more civilised communities. They have discovered the advantages of pouring lead into the cavity of the ivory tusk to increase its weight, a mode of deception which often remains undiscovered until the workman saws the tusk asunder, when the teeth of the tool break against the inserted metal. As ivory is 12s. a pound the fraud is a profitable one. Recently upward of 300 domiciliary visits for Nihilists were made in one night at St Petersburg, Kieff, Moscow, and Tver, with the result that 180 persons of both sexes were arrested. Seven infantry and two engineer officers, who were among those taken into custody, committed suicide as soon as they found themselves in the hands of the police. Several more military officers have since been imprisoned in the fortress of Peter and Paul at St. Petersburg. Some human remains, consisting of numerous bones and three skulls, were lately disinterred at a depth of about 18in. in the garden of Brixworth Vicarage, Northamptonshire. They were found at a spot about 30 yards distant from the churchyard, an ancient one, "surrounding as it does a church admitted by all ecclesiastical antiquaries to be surpassed in age only by St. Peter's (should be St. Mary's) Chapel in Dover Castle, and possibly by parts of St. Martin's, Canterbury." The stamp collection of the German Postal Museum at Berlin is considered to be one of the largest in existence. According to the new catalogue just published, its first division contains 6561 different post stamps (nearly all not obliterated); its second is formed by tbe envelopes and wrappers, of which there are more than 1800 in the museum; the third division consists of 1116 postal cards ; the fourth shows 391 forms for money orders and the like. A fifth division has reference to the telegraphic department. Ten thousand live fleas were recently advertised for in an American journal. Some one who thought the request must be a joke interviewed the advertiser, and found that he was a professional flea-trainer, who had ap- pealed in good faith. The trainer stated that about one flea in a thousand can be taught anything, that the training takes, three months, and that a performing flea only lives a year, even with the greatest care. He received 3000 fleas in answer to his advertisement, and paid £5 for them, as they were very good fleas. When on her deathbed Lady Brassey, with that thoughtful largeheartedness which was one of her characteristics, made, according to the Queen, a special request to the Hon. Mabelle Brassey that her trousseau should be entrusted to the Donegal Industrial Fund, 43, Wigmore-street, for the benefit of the Irish workers, and to show the interest Lady Brassey had always felt in that undertaking. Her wishes are being fulfilled, and the trousseau, now in course of preparation, will consist wholly of Irish handwork. The Brussels correspondent of The Times states that extraordinarily rich goldfields, extending over 25,000 square kilometres, have been discovered in Surinam, between the Rivers Lava and Papanahoui. It is doubtful whether the district belongs to the Netherlands or to France, the frontier between Surinam and French Guiana being the River Marowyne, which is formed by the joining of the Lava and the Papanahoni. However, the historical right seems to be on the side of the Netherlands, which established a post about 100 years ago at the meeting of the Lava and Papanahoai. The post was atterwards withdrawn. Canada, having already expended 50,000,000 dol. in canal construction, now proposes to spend 12,000,000dol. in securing 14ft. draught from Lake Superior to the sea. The Parliament at Ottawa is asked to appropriate 3,127,000dol., of which sum 997,000dol. would be used to commence a Canadian canal at Sault Ste. Marie. The sum of 1,500,000dol. is to be used in deepening the St. Lawrence canals to 14ft. It is claimed with some show of reason that, failing these improvements on the lower canals, the deepening of the Welland and Lachine canals has been an aid to American rather than Canadian transportation interests. The arming of the French infantry with the Lebel rifle is going on rapidly. For weeks the weapons have been finished and delivered at the rate of 500 a day, and 90,000 are already in the hands of the troops. The anxiety of the French Government to keep secret the details of the invention is extraordinary. Soldiers are not allowed to touch their rifles, save in the presence of a commissioned officer; and the cartridges that are from time to time served out are counted, receipts are given for them, and those which are not expended have to be inspected every three hours during the period that elapses before they can be returned into store. The official returns of army recruiting for last year show that during 1887 there was a very great falling- off in the number of recruits accepted for service in the British army. Of men approved and passed into the ranks the grand total was 31,232, or 8177 less than the 39,409 accepted in 1886. The greater part of tbe 31,232 were below 20 years of age, viz, 20,043, 12 574 being between 18 and 19 years of age, and 6307 between 19 and 20. The number joining for short service was 29,682. The number of men enlisting in their own districts specially for service in the local regiments under the territorial scheme shows a decline from 12,713 in 1886 to 9390 in 1887. At the Royal Institution Professor Plower lectured on "The Pigmy Races of Men." Referring to the traditionary accounts in Homer's " Iliad," and those given by Aristotle, Herodotus, and other ancient writers, as showing that for some thousands of years an aboriginal race of very small stature had existed in Africa and surrounding regions in isolated groups, of which the Andamans were the centre, he illustrated the subject by a skeleton of a full-grown woman of 3ft. 11 in. in height and well proportioned, with small hands and feet, and a male skull of similar character recently received at the British Museum from Emin Pacha, accompanied by a letter under date of September 4. A valuable archæological find has been lately made in the Azamgarh district in the shape of a copper plate, recording, in later Gupta characters, the grant by King Harshavardhana, of Sthamsvara, of a village to several Brahmans for the spiritual welfare of his parents and elder brother. The historical value of the record is that it gives in detail the genealogy of King Harshavardhana, who reigned from A D. 618 to 642 over the greater part of Northern India, including Kashmir and Nepal, and whose court was visited at Kanauj by the Chinese Buddhist pilgrim Kinen Kiangin, A. D. 637. The plate has been purchased by Government, and deposited in the provincial museum at Lucknow. A novel jubilee memorial has been carried out on Moel Rhiwen, a mountain in North Wales, which has been planted with forest trees, so arranged that the words "Jubilee, 1887," appear distinctly amid the surrounding trees through the bulk of the plantation being of a different foliage. The word " Jubilee " is planted on the north-west side of the mountain in letters each measuring 200 yards long by 25 wide. The first tree of the letter "J" was planted last year at a Jubilee celebration. Nearly 200 men of the district have found constant employment, and they have planted about 630,000 trees. Till the plantation is in full leaf the letters will be scarcely traceable ; but each year they will become more distinct, and a generation hence the mountain will be one of the sights of Wales, as the word "Jubilee ' will then be seen at a distance of many miles. In the year 1760, says the China Times, the population of China was 196,000,000 ; in 1796 it was 275,000,000 — that is to say, it grew at the rate of over two millions a year when the country was at peace. There was then an increase of 1 in 100, or from that to 130 or thereabouts. In the year 1821 there were 355,000,000, so that from 1796 to that year there was an increase of 3,000,000 a year. There were some great famines in this period, and yet the population rose at the rate of one to 100 each year on the average. In 1849 there were 412,000,000. This was a peaceful period, without great famines, and the population increased by 62,000,000, at about the rate of one to the 100. From 1760 to 1887 the population has grown from 196,000,000 to 380,000,000, or a million and a half a year, or one and a half to every 380 persons, or one to every 250 persons. Thus the time since 1849 has been extremely destructive, and has reduced the rate of increase to a number lower than it had been for a century before. 