The Last of His Tribe. He stood on the hill when the sunset gleam Shed passing splendor on wood and stream ; And be mark'd where the white man's toiling hand Had olear'd the foreat, and tilled the land. By that wood and stream in the days of old He had been a chief and a huntsman bold ; He had tracked the wallaby through the brake ; He had speared the fish in the moonlit lake. But the swamp was dry, and the scrub was clear, And the white man fish'd by stream and weir. He had led his tribe to the fight one day Where now, orchard circl'd, the township lay, And where the stately bridge now rose He had vanquish'd and slain his darkskinn'd foes ; White, fair-hair'd children now play'd on the shore Where his warriors had feasted and danc'd of yore ; And the river steamer swept proudly by With the smoko wreaths veiling the golden sky, While, lonely and homeless, in bitter mood, On the darkening hillside the outcast stood. Of all that life held dear bereft, What boon had the white man's kindness left ? A blanket as cover, a brazen plate In mockery of his fallen state, And the fire-drink in which he sought in vain To find oblivion from want and pain. Tho visions of long departed days Seem'd to paas like shadows before his gaze; And the ghosts of those comrades of long ago Rose and beckon'd to him from the vale below. The last of his tribe, his hair was white ; Weary his step, and dim his sight. And his heart was long buried in the grave With the bygone days and the bygone brave. The glow had faded from hill and dale ; And the sounds were hush'd in tho twilight vale, And as the night stole in from the west The last of his tribe sank down to rest ; And in sleep he pass'd to the dreamless shore Where the woes of earth are recall'd no more, And where the light of love divine On high and lowly alike doth ahino. E. CHARLES. MOSSVALE, January, 1888. Brothers from far-away lands, Sons of the fathers of fame, Hera are our hearts and our hands - This is our song of acc'aim. -KENDALL. 