A bill is before the House of Com mons which provides for the purchase of certain leaseholds on terms to be equitably determined. The title of this measure gives not the faintest indication of the enormous magnitude of the question with which it proposes to deal. It will be better understood if we take into account the fact that, with a few unimportant exceptions, the whole of the land upon which Loudon and its suburbs are built is vested in a proprietary so small in point of numbers that shrewd calcu lators affirm they could be all accom modated with seats on an ordinary street ’bus. That is to say thirty landlords, or thereabouts, divide the absolute ownership of land which repre sents the domiciles of between four and five millions of human beings. The ancestors of the present generation of London landlords were wise in their day, and instead of parting with their freeholds, farmed them out on building leases. As these fall in the lessor has the opportunity, which he never fails to use, of revising the rental and making it correspond with not only the general enhancement of the value of property, due to denser settlement and increased commei’.cial activity, but with the improvements made by the lessee during his tenancy. The Daily Abies gives some very remarkable in stances of this, relating among other things to a batch of leases on Lord Portman’s estate, between Oxford street and Paddington, which, fell in last March: The reyisal of the terms - of these leases represents to the fortu-. uate landlord a capital sum of a million and a quarter of money. Another case is that of the town of Woolwich, whicli is for the most part a freehold vested in a certain family. Most of these leases will determine, or fall in, as it is called, in a few-years’;time, and the lessees have before them the certainty that their present rents will be doubled or perhaps quadrupled by the agents of the owners of the soil. In the meantime the landlord helps but little in public or private improvements, knowing that the tenants are practi cally compelled, failing his aid; to mate these improvements for themselves,' and knowing, also, that the whole of the improvements will revert abso lutely to him on the expiry: of the leases. Yet-one Other . base is given in - the township of Plumstead.' In this place -a large number'of build ing .leases have been taken out, and hundreds upon hundreds of houses built, for the most part by thrifty employes at Woolwich Arsenal. It may be that the builders will be permitted" to'possess their tenements in peace (subject, of course, to the land lord’s ground rent); but the next gene ration will see the falling in of all these leases, and the heirs of the original lessees will have the' option of paying aii enormously increased rent for property which their, own or their ancestors’outlay.has rendered valuable, or else of being turned out of homes which by the operation of instinct and association have always been' regavded as their own. Under these terminable leases the landlord is encouraged to evade the duties and responsi bilities which attacli to ownership in land; he reaps the increase of value which is produced by national pro gress,. and by the enterprise of his tenants, and for him and his heirs there is a perpetual prospect of further revisions of rental on a constantly ascending scale. It is not any matter for surprise that tenants so situate have a stubborn feeling that reform is wanted. The position of the landlord on the one side and of themselves on the other suggests a gross inequity which no Parliament and no statute can justify. It may be argued that the land of, for example, London de rives its enormous and ever increasing value, not from the title deeds, and not from any merit or right on the part of the legal owner. The value of any given allotment is determined partly by the improvements made by the tenant, and partly by its undivided share of the aggregate improvements made by thousands of other tenants, which, on the whole, constitute what is called a prosperous settlement or city. And yet the accretion of value thus brought about is credited, not to those who produce it, hut to the landlord, who in nine cases out of ten is a mere rent receiver, doing little or nothing towards the material or social improvement of the land from which he raises iiis money. The reform asked for is that tenants under lease shall have the right, under certain reasonable condi tions, of purchasing the fee simple of their holdings. It is alleged that such a right would immensely stimulate the growtli of a higher civilisation. The man who holds the fee simple of his home is likely to he a better citizen than he who is removable at will, or whose tenure is governed by the conditions of a lease. And it is confidently and reasonably alleged that even the pre-emptive right of pur chase would work a most useful reform in the house architecture and the sur roundings of the population of the greater cities and towns of Great Britain. And lastly, this leaseholders’ enfranchisement, as it is called, is demanded as a matter of simple justice. We are accustomed to associate the term rack-rent with agrarian injustice in Ireland, but it is pointed out that the landlords of London are rack renters to a man, and that their exac tions, if less grossly scandalous, are really as unjust as those of the worst type of Irish landlord. In rapid and enormous increase of value Mel bourne freeholds bid fair to throw the almost fabulous increments of London properties into the shade. It is well that the gigantic private estates of the chief city of the empire cannot he reproduced in the Queen city of the South. Yet, none the less will Aus tralians follow with keen interest the present attempt to break down a mono poly of the unearned increment by those who have done nothing to pro duce it. With a majority of about two to one, the Government ought to he able to carry out the very reasonable and moderate programme agreed to be tween them and their supporters. The Opposition members may twist and misrepresent the matter how they will, but they cannot get away from the fact that the Government enjoy the confidence of a very large majority in the House and out of it. The case for the Opposition is not mended by allegations that the Government is not so good as it might he, since it is very clear that the country prefers the Gillies Ministry as it is, imperfections, shortcomings and all, in finitely before any possible combina tion from the benches on the left. This being so, it follows that members of the Opposition will stand condemned as wilful and wanton obstructionists, if they carry out their threat of stone walling the Electoral Bill. The with drawal of the Budget proposals sweeps away every vestige of excuse for block ing the Government programme. Ho one ventures to openly deny that the existing allotment of seats is propor tionately unfair, or that no approxi mately true representation of the great body of electors can he secured under it. Those, therefore, who oppose the necessary amendment, are simply abet ting that which is known to be a gross injustice. Still the task of carrying an Amending Electoral Bill through the House is a very delicate one, and .Mr Gillies will, no doubt, carefully eschew any avoidable cause of dis content. There is no reason why the main features should not be agreed to on both sides of the House, and the details discussed without any ad mixture of party feeling. Mr Gillies’ proposal, to first of all place our elec toral machinery on a fair and equitable basis, and then submit his Budget pro posals to the re-formed electorates, is so transparently reasonable and right that it is almost impossible to imagine any honest opposition to it. It is almost as difficult to conceive any excuse for stonewalling which would not be promptly detected and as promptly resented by the country. In Victoria at all events constituencies are not too closely critical of the record of their Assembly members, and are prepared to condone much negligence and many mistakes. But when the business of the . country is menaced with a deadlock, and a most urgent measure of electoral reform is opposed, simply because a few men, who for the most part could well be spared, are afraid that their chances of re election would be jeopardised, when this is the case we are greatly mistaken if the electors at large do not recog nise that it is time to draw, the line. There is every reasonable excuse for Mr Gillies’ reluctance to introduce the cloture'. It. is a last resource which nothing but the most imperious necessity can justify, -and its introduc tion would give to the. more clamorous malcontent inembers an opportunity ■-(■which theylwould -certaiuly seize) of posing as martyrs to oppression jand tyranny. The ghost of a past political crisis .has. been invoked to act in the; present juncture as a scarecrow. We are reminded that an appeal to the country reduced Mr M‘Culloch’s splendid majority into an almost contemptible minority, and the obvious moral is that a similar appeal will do the same with the Gillies-Deakin Ministry and follow ing. The comparison, with its atten dant 'moral, is injurious, and only suffers from the effect of being wholly inapplicable. Mr Gillies has with him fortunately a large majority, both in the House and in the country. The movement in favor of dividing Ballarat East into wards appears likely to be successful. "With respect to this and similar agitations elsewhere it must be assumed that the local ratepayers know their own require ments, and may be trusted to conserve their own interests. Considering the size and population of Ballarat East the proposal. to divide it into electoral divisions is quite reason able. There are certain well understood disadvantages in having a cluster of representatives for a large electorate, one of them being that responsibility for improvements or maintenance of’public works can not be localised, and another that there is always a possibility that one part of a wide electorate may be over and another under represented. With a division into wards both these defects would disappear. Any member for a whole municipality may easily evade personal responsibility for the mak ing of a street or the abatement of a public nuisance, but if the same man were the sole representative of a given ward no such evasion would be possible. There is force in the agrument that local government is more complete and more impartial, when the responsibility is subdivided, and there is also something to be said for the closer relations which are so brought about between representatives and ratepayers. Taken together these reasons fully excuse the desire for sub division on the part of burgesses of Ballarat East, and we need only ex press our cordial wish that the change, if determined on, will be of permanent advantage. Our Melbourne correspondent, writing lust evening, says:—“The political position remains undeveloped. Members are satis fied or not with the Ministerial strategical retreat, according as their uature or party inclinings prompt them, and the task yet to be performed is getting through with that dubious Electoral Bill.” The accideut to the Berry Consols machinery, as reported in Monday’s papers, has, we are pleased to say, been speed ly repaired. The broken machinery only arrived at the Union Foundry at 9.30 o'clock on Monday morning, when it was immediately put in hand. The new shaft plutnmer block and other repairs were completed, aud left the foundry at 10.30 on Tuesday night. M’Culloch and Cos. having a lorry in waiting, it was forwarded right through, aud arrived at the mine early on Wednesday, morning. The company is very much pleased at the expeditious manner in which the Union Foundry carried out their work. Saturday next will be the last day for re ceiving applications for transfers of publi cans’ licences, to be in time to be dealt with at the next sitting of the Licensing Court. Buninyong and Sebastopol were very well represented yesterday at the Land Board. The interest of the residents of those places was divided between two applications, both having reference to water rights. The Buninyong struggle was between Mr J. P. Howard, a farmer, and Win. and Donald Campbell (brothers), also farmers, as to a water reserve. There was much conflict of evidence. Mr Brennan said “the Campbells arc the men, aud they are ‘ rounding up ’ all their friends; of course, we quite under stand that.” (Laughter.) The contest resulted in a compromise, as will be seen by our report. The Sebastopol dam difficulty terminated in a victory for Mr J. Leckie, whose license is not to be interfered with. A collision occurred between two vehicles in Armstrong street at about S o’clock last evening, by which Mr Joseph M’Kerrin, a well-known produce dealer of Scarsdale, was injured. Mr M‘Kerr in was driving along the street named in a spring-cart, when the vehicle collided with a cab laden with pas sengers. The spring-cart was overturned, Mr M’Kerrin being thrown out clear of the cart. He sustained a number of severe cuts and bruises, and was taken to the Hospital, where his injuries were attended to. At a repiesentative meeting of the Barkly street Wesleyan Church and congregation, held last evening, it was unanimously re solved to recommend the trustees to proceed with the erection of the new pipe organ. Captain James Eddy, the well-known mining manager of the Eaglehawk Company, Broken Hill, left Ballarat by the excursion train yesterday for Adelaide, on his way through to the mine. He was accompanied to the station by several old friends, in cluding mining men and mining managers, to say good by. It transpired at the Land Board yesterday that a part of some land near Eureka street, then applied -for, had been reserved as a burial-place during the early days of the diggings. Many objections were raised by the rival applicants. When the reservation for burial purposes was mentioned, Mr Salter remarked that any objection on that score could be dealt with “at the witching hour of night.” Messrs Dalgety and Cos., Melbourne, yes terday wired:—“ Our London office cables that the September colonial wool sales have opened with a large attendance of buyers and animated competition. The selection of wool was only moderate, but prices generally were firm. The quantity available, includ ing old stock, amounts to 230,000 bales.” In order to avoid crush and confusion at the match between the Ballarat and South Ballarat clubs ou Saturday, it has been de cided to sell tickets at Messrs Roberts Bros., tobacconists, Sturt street. Members of both clubs may also obtain'their passes at the same place until noon on Suturday. The Rev. T. R. Cairns, of St. Andrew’s Kirk, last night preached and moderated in a call to the Rev. J. H. M‘Kay, to St. John’s Presbyterian Church, Peel street. There was a large congregation. Mr M‘Kay, who is a young man, has been preaching at St. John’s Church for some time past, and his ministrations have been of a very satis factory character. Next Sunday the call will be-placed in the vestibule of the church for signature. It is expected that Mr M‘Kay will be the new 'minister of St. Jobu’s Church. Anniversary sermons were preached on Sunday, in the Primitive Methodist Church, Burnbank street, by the Rev. B. Wibberley, of Brighton. An excellent tea was provided in the schoolroom on Monday, by the ladies of the congregation. A large company assembled afterwards in the church, and addresses were delivered by the Revs. B. Wibberley, W. Hunt, Messrs W.V. Lambert, J. Pattie, and J. Jolly, who presided. The choir Interspersed the speeches by anthems, which were well rendered, under the leader ship of Mr Woods, with Miss Coyte as organist. The net proceeds of the services were upwards of £50, and enabled the trustees to pay £40 off the debt for the last half-year, makiug £70 reduction of debt for the year. Towards this Mr Coyte collected over £28 during the last six months. Votes of thanks were accorded to all who had assisted. The following casualties were attended to at the Hospital yesterday:—Peter Lucas, Barkly street; severely crushed fingers, caused by a rail falling on him; and Thomas Fletcher, Eureka street, suffering from the presence of a foreign body in the eye. Constable Gorin, of the City, has been transferred to Melbourne. At the Local Land Board held yesterday in the Ballarat City Police Court, Mr Brennan (Land Officer) presiding, 22 cases were dealt with. . The applicants appeared •in person. The business commenced at 11.30 a.m,, and'concluded' at 5 p.m. Considerable time was occupied in hearing-rival applications for sites for carriage factories in Ballarat East. Substantially, all the appli cants will be accommodated;'-and it appears that a large sum of money will shortly be ex pended in: the erection of extensive work shops, which will he adjacent to a siding to the new Buninyong line. -Mr Mann (who appeared for Messrs Quayle and Williams) stated that the matter was one of urgency, as his clients were prepared to,start exten sive works, with plant aud machinery valued at about £lO,OOO. The presiding magistrates at the City Police Court yesterday were Messrs Green field and Shaw, J's. P. Charles Wilson, charged with obtaining money by means of false pretences from Robert Taylor, was re manded until to-morrow. Mr Jas. Smith has taken first prize for horseworks and second for chaffeutter at the Ararat Show; also first for horseworks aud first for chaffeutter at the Wycheproof Show. . , .At the Town Court yesterday, two men named Walsh and Murphy were remanded for a week oh a charge of stealing a bag of chaff belonging to J. M'Grath, of the Lake View hotel, Bungaree. It seems that the alleged theft was a mere act of thoughtless ness. Margaret Corin, charged with using insulting language towards Mr J. J. Fitz gerald, J.P., was remanded for medical examination. The Rev. Dr Bevan, so well and favorably known in Melbourne as a speaker of great power and eloquence, is announced to de liver a lecture in the Presbyterian Church, Armstrong street, this evening. The sub ject chosen by Mr Bevan is—“ Boots, shoes, and naked Jeet; or, man and his standing.” The Columbia Skating Rink will he opened to-morrow evening, when a benefit will be tendered bj' the managementto the employes of the rink. Special attractions have been provided for the occasion, including a polo match between the Columbia and Alfred Hall rinks (first teams), also an employes race. A large attendance is expected. Our local correspondent last evening wired:—“The scene at the Mundoona polling booth to-day was one of intense excitement throughout, and party feeling ran very high, the supporters of Mr Butters having rolled up in large numbers and worked hard to in fluence the voting. Several slight disturb ances occurred duriug the afternoon, but the presence of the police prevented anything serious from happening. Drags and vehicles of all descriptions came from long distances, and the warmest interest was centred in the lesult. The polling was as follows:—Butters, 120; Knipe, S4; Turner, SO.” A boy, named Reran Darmody, 9 years, residing at Broadmeadows, fell from a tree at that place yesterday, and sustained a frac ture of the left thigh. He was taken to the Melbourne Hospital. The Brunswick justices (says the Herald) are a happy lot, and the scenes that occa sionally occur amongst these local magnates affords a considerable amount of amusement to the attendants at the court. During the hearing of a theft case on Wednesday morn inu, at the conclusion of the evidence, Sergeant Brown was asked by one of the justices about the prisoner's character. This officer was giving the offender’s previous convictions, when the mayor remarked that he thought the case should be dealt with on its merits. Mr Stranger said—“ lam on this bench. I asked for the information, and I’ve got it.” Other magistrates were making remarks when Mr J. W. Fleming exclaimed—“ There are too many new ones on the bench, we’ll have to get rid of them and get a fresh lot.” This resulted in Dr Talbot, J.P., saying—“ You be quiet now, Fleming,” and they all subsided. An Adelaide telegram published in the Herald says:—“This morning the Minister of Education received a telegram from the Government Resident in the Northern Ter ritory, stating that 47 mineral applications have been received by him for mineral licenses at Barroboola, on the M'Artiiur River. The area applied for totals 3520 acres. Specimens sent down comprise very bright and heavy galena and likely-looking silver ores. Samples of ores taken from Scott’s claim, it is stated, assayed 250 oz of silver to the ton. The lodes extend for miles, and they are from 20 yards to 300 yards wide.” A sad fatality, through the use of chloro form, has occurred at Prahrau, to a young girl named Kathleen Thorn, aged 12 years, daughter of George Thorn, of the Royal George hotel. Mr Thorn (says the Tele graph) reported to the police that he had sent his daughter, who was suffering greatly from toothache, across the street to Mr Holdsworth, dentist, to have some teeth ex tracted. After examining the teeth, Mr Holdsworth refused to draw them unless the girl were put under the influence of chloro form. Mr Thorn then took his child to Dr Cooke, and asked him if she was a fit sub ject for chloroform. He states that the doctor said she was, and he accompanied them to Mr Iloldsworth’s surgery, where he administered the chloroform. Mr Holds worth then extracted three teeth, after which the child fainted, and notwithstanding that every effort was made to restore her by Dr Cooke, the efforts were in vain, and the child never regained consciousness. The matter has been reported to the coroner. A doctor’s fee (says the Age) was the sub ject of a special case dealt with by the Full Court on Tuesday. Dr C. F. Lethbridge, of Alexandra, was called in by Friend Scorah, farmer, Rubicon, to attend his daughter in an illness, and charged the father £25 10s 6d. The latter refused to pay, and the magistrates, being satisfied that the defen dant’s daughter, Mrs Christie, was a married woman living apart from her husband, although there was no evidence of the fact before them, dismissed the case on the ground that the husband was the proper person to be sued. The complainant ap pealed, pointing out that he was engaged by Scorah, and had attended his daughter on the faith of being paid by him, not knowing her to be a married woman. His Honor directed the case to be remitted back to the justices, with an intimation that their de cision was erroneous in point ef law. Mr Donovan appeared for the appellant, there being no appearance for the respondents. 