PRESBVTERIAN CHURCH. I Appropriate sermons for Easter were delivered in the above Church ou Sun day. The Rev. Mr. Abernetby iu the morniug chose his text from 2nd i uujt .y — 44 Our Saviour Jesus CurUt, who oath abolished death, and hath brought life aud immortality to light, through the i;o»pe!.' We have here a synopsis of the New Tiy&ta-; meut, tliat our Saviour came into the woild to save sinners and abolish death. The speaker leniembered looking at a picture eu,u,cie, wcunai fag u re representing an aged mau, having a noble face, and hair turned grey. Arouud him stood a few of hi* companions in arms, tbe armless sleeve tolded across the breast intimating that one of the number had lost a limb in the service of his country. The artist pourtrayed a representation of a room at Apsley House, where a few remamiug heroes met to celebrate the battle of Waterloo. Iu the sketch you are unable to trace anythiug beyoud those formiug the subject. Althoi gh tbe victory was a great eveut in our history, it exercises little tlie minds of men to-day. .They were theu gathered together to celebrate a more lasting and a more illustrious victory— the grandest in time — the bringing of lil'e and immortality to light through the gospel ; one that shall continue uutil the end of time, and wherever man is found, there he will participate in its celebration. St. Paul puts it in a small compass when he tells us that the eutireNew lestament Church looks back to one grand deliverer, the abolisherof the worst enemy man ever met. Let us thank God that such a state is opened to us through tho gospeL By the resurrection our Saviour abolished death. A large num ber of people profess not to believe in any thing they do not see, others in things they cannot handle. John Stuart Mill, a most able aud learned man iu his day, somewhat sceptical and uubclieviug, says that there is nothiug uureasouable iu a miracle, providing the miracle be sufficiently attested to. A statement like this from such a source is significant. Is the resurrection sufficiently attested to ^ It is quite true, we believe it is, aud that on the evidence of truthspeak iug men. St. Matthew declares that he did see the risen Christ. The angel instructs the women to go quickly and tell his Disciples that He is risen from the dead, and goeth before tbem iuto Galilee, 44 Tiiere shall ye see Him.' They were not disap pointed, for iu the mountain they both saw Hiiu and heard that wonderful sayiug, 'All power is given unto me in heaven aoid earth, go aud tcach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, Son and Hoi}* Ghost.' St. Paul tells us that when jour neying to Damascus at noouday the ru*cn Christ appeared to him i*obed in light. Above tbe brightness of the suu he heard a voice calling him by name, and in answer to the question, 44 Who art thou Lord ; ' received the reply, 'I am Jesus, and my purpose is tn commission you to be a minister, aud a witness both of those things which thou hast seen, and of those in which I eliall appear unto you.' St. Jolm iu P&traos; saw Him who held in )iis*right hand the seven stars and heard tbat voice like a trumpet saying, ' I am tbe Alpha aud the Omega, the first and tbe last. The other Apostles bear similar testimony ; it was no hallucination created in the minds of these men ; they liad nothing to gain by adhering to such a story ; quite the reverse, they became outcasts, despised of men, buffering death ratlier thau part with the truth. Pvter's last utterance was that Jesus Christ, his master, had riseu from tbe dead. Tills is the evidence, and you can no more over threw it than you can suspend the operatiou of the ebb and flow of the ocean. It is founded on the rock of truth, and there forever will it staud. To those who receive this gospel theu this life and immortality is theirs ; death may destroy our physical nature, but its sting has been takeu away by our Conquering King. 