For-tlioYoiuigi'oEi. The Blind Brother., - ; A< SioitY op tub PESNBYi.vAiaA. Coax Mtwes. [The' author, Homer. Greene, received for thiB story the!first prize,' 1,500"dollars, offered by the: Boston 'Companion^ia 1886 for the ■' best serialstory.] 1 : f a .*-• ■ ' • . " 3k.-El01lt OnAPTBBS.'.' ■" CnAPTEE tS^tosr 'if THE 2&ME.; • ' ' (Continued.)'"'"'V-'" ' : BejCiTs's. faith, in'.Tom /vraa; full v justified.; No; nineteenth-century:- boy .could Lave been more manly, , no knight of old oould hare been more true and tender than was Tom to the two beings whom ho. lovecL best upon all; tho earth, i "But tho father,laddie/*;said Jaok, still armed and curious ; whaur's the father?.", i *4<Dead," .answered' Bennie.' • "He came from the old-, country first, an* then he sent for inommio an' ua, an'w'en we .got here lie was dead.*' I " Ah, but that was nwfu'sad for the initlier! Took wi'- the fever, was he ?" : "No;-killed in the mine,*Top.coal foil an* struck him. That's the way they, found him. We.didn't see him, you know. -.That was. two weeks before me an* Tom an'- mommia. got here. I wasn't but four years old then, but.I can remember how mommie cried. She" didn't have much time to cry, though, /cause she hod to work so hard. Mommie's al'ays had to work so hard,?' added Bennie, reflectively., : The man began to. move neryously on the! bench. It was apparent. that some strong emotion was taking hold of him. He lifted the lamp from his cap again and held.it up close-to Bennie's face. ; . • .s... ; : . • " Killed, said ye—i' the mine—top coal fell ?" ' . " Yes, an' strockhim on the head; they said he didn't ever know what lulled him." ; The brawny hand trembled so that the.flame from the.spoat of thohttle lamp went up in tiny waves. " Whau—whaur happened it^-i'.,what.place —i' what mine ?" ' ' " Hp in Carbondale. Nol i shaft, I think it was; yes, No. 6.". " .' 7,' Bennie spoke somewhat hesitatingly. ' His quick ear had caught the change in the man's voice, and he did not know what itcouldmcan. 74 His name, lad .r gF me'tKe father's name!" The giants hnga hand dropped upon Bennie'a little one, and held it in a painful grasp. The boy started to his feet in fear. fX . - "Yod won't hurt me,; sir ! Please-; dou't hurt me; I-can'tseel" ' ^ • "Notforthe'warldjJad; not for the.whole world.' But I must ha' the fathers name'; tell me the father's name, quick!" f "Thomas Taylor, sir," said Bennie, iwhe bock, trembling, on the benchi!, ■ The lamp dropped from Jack Itennie'shand, and lay, smoking, at his'feet. His huge frame seemed torJiave- shrunk by. at least"a quarter of it6 size*;; and for;many; minutes he sat, silent and motionless,^ seeing as little of the objects ardund him'ia 'did tha-hlind boy at* his side..-. •= /, •' ^ At last -he roused -hiniself;:'^pickedr up his lamp, *and rose to his feet. 1 -■ \ "Well lad, Bennie, 1 mus'-be s-going; good-bye till ye. Will the brither- come for ye?" ^ v'VC\V 1 "Ob, yes," answered Bennie, "Tom al'ays stops forme; Tieain't come up from the foot yet, hut he'll come."v . " -• • -Bennie turited/ fiway,- and them turned back again:"1 " Whaur's the lamp?" he asked; /' have ye nolicht?" "No; I don't ever have any. It wouldn't be any good to me, you know"'- ' • 1 Once more the man started down the heading, ;hut after he hod gone a short distance a thought ^seemed to strike" him," andvhe came back to Iwheru Bennie was still sitting;; , " Lad, I thocht to tell ye; ye s'all go to tho :city wi* your eves. ' i ha': money to sen' ye, .'o1! ' T T Vnow fVA'fnfW lor! " an yo sVl go. I—I—knew the father, lad." Before Bennie could express his surprise and gratitude he felt a strong hand laid gently on his shoulder, and a rough bearded face pressed tar a moment against-hiB own, and.then his strange visitor was gone. Down the heading the retreating footsteps echoed, their sound swallowed up at last in the distance; and up at Bennie's doorway silence reigned. For a long time the boy Bat, pondering the meaning.cf the. strange .man's words and conduct. Bat the more he thought about it the less able was he to understand it. Perhaps Tom could explain it, though; yes, he would tell Tom about it. . Then it occurred to him that it was long past time for Tom to corao up from.the foot with his last trip for the day. It was strange, too, that the men should all go out together that way ; he did not understand it. But if Tom would only come— Ho rose and walked down the heading a little way; then he turned and went up through the door and along the airway; then he came hack to his benoh again and sat down. He was sure Tom would come; Tom had never disappointed him yet, and he knew he would not disappoint him for the world if lie could help it He knew/too, that it was long after quitting-time, and there had not been a 6ound that he could hear in the mine for an hour, though he had listened carefully. After a while he began to grow nervous; tho j stillness became oppressive; he could not endure it. He determined to try to find the way out by himself. He had walked to tho foot of the slope alone once, the day Tom was sick, and he thought he could do it again. So he made sure that his door was tightly closed, then he took his dinner-pail and started bravely down the heading, striking the rails of the mine car-track on each side with his cane as he went along to guide him. Sometimes he would stop and listen tar a moment, if, perchance, he might hear Tom coming to meet him, or, possiblv, some belated labourer going out from another pax t of tho mine; then, hearing nothing, he would trudge on again. After a long timo spent thus he thought he must he Jiear the foot of fiia slope J, he knew he ^had walkedrfnr enough' to be:there. Ho waB tired, too, and sat down on tho-rail-to-rest. But ho did not sit thoro long; ho could not hear the 'silence, it was too depressing, and after a .very little while ho arose and walked oriJ, Thfefcaps in the track grow higher; onco ho stumhled over one of them and fell, striking his'sido'on the rail. x Ho was in much pain for a few.'minutes; then ho recovered and went on more carefully, lifting his feet high with every step, and reaching ahead with his cane. But hisj progress was very slow. > Then there came upon him the sbnsation of being in a strange place. It did > not seem like tho heading alongwhicli he went to and from his daily work. He > reached out with his caiio iipon each side and touched nothing. Surely there > was ho place in the heading: so .wide as. that. Buthekopton. By-and-byo he became aware that he was going down a steep incline. Tho echoes of his , footsteps had a hollow sound, as though ho 1 were in some wide, opon space, and-his cane struck one, two, three props in succession. Then ho knew ho was somewhere in a chamber, [ and knew, too, that he was lost. He sat down, feeling weak and faint, and tried to tliihk. Ho remembered that at a point j in the heading, about two-thirdsof the way to | the foot, a passage branched off to tho right, crossed under the slope, and ran.out into tho ; southern part of the mine, where he had never I been. He thought.he must have turned into I this cross-heading, and followed it, and if he had it would be hard indeed to tell where he i now was. He did not know whether to" go on I or to turn back. ' 1 ' ' ! ; Perhaps- it would1 bo better, after all, to sit still until help should come, though it might be ; hours, or even days, before anyone would' find I him/;' ; • - / - • 1 Then came a new thought. "What would Tom do P Tom would not know where he had gone. He would never think of looking for Sim away off here; ho would go up the head ing * to. the door, and not finding him there would think that his brother had already gone home. .But when he knew that-Bennie was not at home he would surely come back to the mine to search tor him; he would come down the slope; maybe he was at that very moment at the foot; 'maybe Tom would hear him if he should call, " Tom! O Tom!" The loudest thunder burst could not have been more deafening to the frightened child than the sound of his own voice as it rang out through /the solemn stillness of the mine, and was hurled back to his ears by the solid masses of rock and coal that closed in around him. ' / A thousand echoes went rattling down the wide chambers and along the narrow galleries, and sent back their ghosts to play upon the nervous fancy of the frightened child. He would not have shouted like that again if his life had depended on it. - Then silence fell upon him.; silence like a pall—oppressive, mysterious, and awful silence, in which he could almost hear the beating of his own heart. He could not endure that. He grasped his cane again and started on, search ing for a.? path, stumbling over caps, railing sometimes,' but on and on, thongh never so slowly; on and on nntil, faint and exhausted, he sank do wn upon the damp floor of the mine with his face in.his hands and wept, in silent agonj , like the lost child that he was/ Lost, indeed, with'those miles and miles of black galleries opening and winding and cross ing all around him, and he lying prastrate asd powerless alone in the midst of that deflation. {To be continued.) Ok December 27 (says the TMtuvilte Bulletin) a fore-and-aft rigged boat, half- decked, of 3} tons burden, was brought into the creek. It was fouud about 2 miles north of Cape Marlow, and about 10 miles from TownsviUe, by Mr. Martin Hind, who was out looking for cattle in that locality. The boat has the name. St. Louis painted on her, and is supposed to be tbe came seen by Mr. Ned Lee,. beche-de-mer fisherman, crossing the Barrier* Reef lately. Mr. Lee states that a fow weeks ago while joshing near the Barrier Reef he saw a boat, the description of which corresponds with that of the one found, in which there were six men, and that having hailed thorn they steered away out of their previous course. A later issue of the Bulletin says: That the boat is from New Caledonia has been placed beyond the shadow of doubt in a somewhat curious manner. Mr. Do Guaris, of the Rail way Department, Townsville, was residing in Noumea two and a half years ago, where he was for some time carrying on the boat-building trade. Reading the foregoing paragraph, ho had the curiosity to go and look at it, and at once recognised it as a boat built at Noumea by Mr. William Hubbard, a Sydney Ixtyit builder, who carries on busir^ess at .New Cale donia. Mr. Do Guaris was working' for"Mr. Hubbard, and actually assisted in tho building of this particular boat. It was 'built for a religious brotherhood whoso station is named St. Louis, and tho craft appears to have .been honoured by receiving the name ot tliut saint. It is ballasted with iron bars from the Noumea Nickel Works." Mr. De Guaris read sorao months ago in a Noumea newspaper on account of this boat having been stolcu. Ho suggests that the escapees who brought her hero have probably in tho interval been visiting sopie of the islands in the West Pacific." A CnaisriiAS entertainment was provided by the pastor and ladies of Christ Church, Bunda* berg, for some 80 kanaka labourers engaged on the sugar estates, in tho schoolroom on Decem ber 20. A good tea was provided for them, and they were afterwards umusod at Borne in door games, one in particular which caused considerable merriment, in which they wore induced to duck their faces in a basil! contain ing a flour and water mixture to grab for those collection horrors—threepenny bits ; the aspect of the dockers with wet and partly whitened i faces was very romical and elicited roan of laughter from the onlookeri.—. Slur, 