INTERVIEWING MADE EASY. THE PERFECTED PHONOGRAPH. Interviewing is one of tbe things that is to bo benefited by the phonograph. With the new instrument the interviewer has only to propound his questions and the answers are written down from the uiocauun or cno pnonograpn Dy tne type writer. Colonel Gourand, who received the first perfected phonograph from Edi son, is a partner of the great inventor and a scarred veteran of the Civil War. The phonograph will record all faulty utter ances, and if great statesmen drop their h's and pick them up where they're un necessary, the phonograph does likewise. Following is the interview by a Pall Mall Gazette scribe :— the phonograph and journalism. "I think we may say, Colonei, without boasting, that the interview we are just commencing is unique of 1:3 kind. It is, I believe, the first time in the history of journalism that a conversation of thiB sort has taken place through the instrumen tality of the phonograph ?" y Yes; and yours i3 the distinction of being the first , journalist to perform the ' great act.' " 'I am fully sensible of the honour. This, however, suggests uses of the phono graph which I fancy have not hitherto been thought of. Pray tell me to what extent you think the phonograph will serve the needs of journalism in the immediate future. I mean, as to the sav ing of time and of manual labour to the journalist." "You are quite right iu saying that these uses have not before been thought of, as the field of usefulness to which you refer has always been prominently in mind. What you are now doing is, never theless, the first realisation in that direc tion. You are doing your professional work, I may say, without working at all. You see you have but to think your thoughts and utter them at vour own will," "Well, yes; this is, I am bound to say, the most comfortable interview I have ever assisted at. At this rate, interview ing bids fair to become the most luxurious branoh of the journalist's profession. But it is not every journalist who will possess his own phonograph for some time to come, I fear." "It will be every journalist's own fault if he doesn't, because it is intended to place the phonograph within the reach of everybody who can appreciate and utilise its powers." " But, until the phonograph comes into universal use, what kind of arrangements do you propose, or have you thought of, whereby the individual journalist, without possessing his own phonograph, may still be able to use the instrument ?" a phonographic exchange. " That is easily done, and in the follow ing manner. Suitable rooms may be taken in the newspaper centres of the great cities where phonographs will be placed in small apartments into which journalists and reporters can go with their ideas either in their notebooks or in their heads, seat themselves comfortably in arm-chairs, and talk into the machine the matter which they intend for publication. Ha 'ing Baid their say, they may go their way, leaving the transcribing to be don by people who will be employed exclusiv dy for the purpose, either iu the ordin - cy way with pen, ink, and paper, or by me is of the more rapid and convenient 'type writer,' so that the journalist will receive his manuscript in a probably more in telligible form, and certainly in less time and with less labour, than would otherwise have been the' case. For this service he will have but a trifling fee to pay, which ho can well afford, considering the greater value of his own time." "The journalist at all events, then, will be one great gainer by the phono graph; and to literary men 1 suppose, 01 simuor i-al - course this presumes that th 1 is easily .worked and kept'iu o.d,! .van- out difficulty." "Quite so, and you are now having before you a very practical illustratioa of how easily it i3 both worked and kept in order. To the literary man it must prove an inestimable blesBing as regard) the saving of the manual labour of writicg. When recently in America I met with a very appropriate illustration of this vi .-.v of the caso in an observation m «i-i by Mark Twain to Mr. Edison on first seeing the phonograph in his laboratory. Mirx Twain, in asking to be allowed to have one of the first phonographs, said that he ' had been carrying a book round inside of him self for more than a year, delaying deliver ance only through sheer dread of the labour of writing,' and it may be said that the same principle will apply to almost everybody who has anything to write, but more than all to the business man. He is to be found everywhere, and just in pro portion as he has to Bpend his time in doing his own writing does he curtail time which might be more profitably em ployed." the extinction of the stenographer. "But does not the business man in general employ a stenographer ?" " Far from ia genoral. I should say not one per cent, or barely a fraction of ono per cent, of tho people who are in business enjoy that luxury, because it is a luxury, in consequence of iba expense. The phonograph in an office raises every clerk in tho olfics to the rank of a steno grapher, so far as his usefulness in the office is concerned," aud more than that with the phonograph in the office or at home you have always your stenographer present. In my own ease, since the ar rival of this phonograph I havo conducted nearly all of my correspondence through its agency — that is to say, I merely talk my letters to it. the price of t1ie phonograph. " But the phonograph will be a luxury too, as the stenographer and type-writer now are, unless it can be put upon the market at a very reasonable cost. Has Mr. Edison settled that point as yet ?" "That point has been oarefully con sidered, arid due means to the all-desired end provi-i I. There is a way of doing it, and, I may say, only one way." " What is that "By providing for their manufacture upon proper principles — namely, through the erection of suitable works and upon a scale commensurate with the demand. Anticipating that this will be world-wide in its largest sense, Mr. Edison has been engaged for some time past in the prepara tion, and I may say invention as well as manufacture, of special tools and machi nery with which to make the different parts of tho apparatus by what may be called automatic machinery, and so that all the parts will be interchangeable. Each separate piece may thus be made by tho thousands, so that skilled labour will be required to but a small extent. Although Mr. Edison has secured tbis invention by numerous patont3 in all parts of tho world, and I may say more widely than for any of his other in ventions, he has expressed his intention of relying more upon the method he will pur sue in its manufacture and distribution, ; to Beeuro him against all competition, , should any appear, than upon the patents : themselves. j a phonograph factory. " The commercial aspect of the phono graph already looks favourable fo you ? " " Oh, undoubtedly ; it seems to me almost without limit." " Will the instruments be manufactured in America or England ? " " At present, exclusively in Amerioa, to which end extensive preparations have already been made. Largo works are ia course of construction adjoining the laboratory. On the first of this month, I am informed, the brick walls of the first building were already ono storey high, 600ft long by 75fb wide. - All the general machinery wa3 under contract for delivery by October 1, Large amounts of special tools were already completed, and a force of 00 men employed in completing the rest." " Sueh preparations as you speak of must involve the outlay of a vory considerable amount of capital: that I presume is pro vided for." " Yes ; that is provided for." "English or American capital, may I ask ?" "American, and entirely within Mr. Edison's own circle of old associates." the new PnONOGBAPH and the old. "Now, oan you tell me in a word or two what is the essential difference be tween this phonograph and the original one that made the inventor's name so widely known ?" " Briefly, it maybe Baid, that the phono graph of ten years ago was only a scientific marvel 1 that set all the world a-talking ;' while the phonograph of to-day is a still greater marvel combined with a practical utility of almost incalculable degree." " Then the original phonographs are now, I suppose, little better than an tiquities." " No better, and are only to be found where antiquities most do congregate- namely, in muBenms." "You call this the perfected phono graph. Does Mr. Edison consider that he has here reached the aome of perfec tion ?" " By no means. In fact, I may say he rarely considers that to bo the case in any of his works. He is always improving. I oan give you no better illustration than to tell you what happened less than a month' ago, when he had so far perfected the phonograph as to feel that the time had come when he could manufacture it in large numbers, and without further delay respond to the pressing demands of an eager public. He had completed eome hundreds, and was about to distribute them, when he fell upon improvements of so great importance that it was cheaper for him to throw away an expenditure of over .£5000 by consigning its results to the ' Bcrap-iron heap ' rather than to tho public." THE LETTER WRITER r-F THE FUTURE. "Is it. a tact ti. . jou here on Beulah Hill are now 1.1 u.aly conversation with Mr. Edison in New York by means of this ijontical instrument we are using ?" " Yes. I have not written him a lino since this machine arrived. Every mail carries to him a phonogram which contains a record of what 1 think may inter, s ,.oi. There lying before you is the one destined for the next steamer. Here ia a copy of its contents. The phonogram you see has a surface of only seven-eighths of an inch wide, six inches long, and is scarcely thicker than a sheet of good English note- paper. It contains what would cover about four pages of notcpaper, or to be precise, 172 words exactly. You must un derstand that with regard to the mailing phonograms' we are still experimenting with a view to determining as to the best form and material in which to make them for use by the public. We are keeping a ' careful record of materials, and the route, that is, the geogiaphical route, taken by each in reaching Mr. Edison. I am send ing them to him by various routes round the world, so that they shall pass through all climates and conditions of handling. To-morrow's mail carries out those phono grams addressed, as you see, to New Zea land, to Australia, India, China, Japan, and South America. Those passing through the Red . Sea and acroBS the Equator will be so marked. They are ad dressed to my friends at different points, who will forward them to Mr. Edison. He will then see whether the record ib perfectly intelligible, thus demonstrating whether the material of which the phono gram is made stands the various vicissi tudes of travel and climate. He will then return them to me for my information." THIS VOICES OF T1IE DEAD. io go uncx ror a moment, tnere 13 a geiic.-nil i. 'oression that a phonographic lecord ouue made can bo only once re peated. 1 mean that the phonograph could only speak off a particular record a single time; -but I understand that the '.cat abilities of. this-perfected instrument Are muoh greaterl Whafc am i to under stand is the extent of its nowbr.« .' 1 tion, and are the records to h ... ..-a-.. at permanent?" "That is' rather a question of the phono gram than of the phonograph. We do not know what the endurance of the phono- ' gram is ; we have nob lived long enough with them yet to find that out ; but maay of the musical records you have heard have been reproduced some hundreds of times ; one in particular, tue one you liked the most, we know to havo been repeated between 800 and 1000 times, and it does not appear to have lo3t any of its powerB. The ' Bpeech record ' of greatest value yet made is of course Edison's own renowned ' first phonogram ' received by me on the 26t-h ult. That will constitute No. 1 of the first ' Phonogrnmic Album ' of tho voices of the great of all nations ; to iu- clude alike, some day, the voices of the living and the dead." " Extraordinary ! yours will be a haunted house, in truth." " Yes, but I shall nob long monopolise blie 'ghosts,' for every possesaor of a phonograph will doubtless havo his album in time. " Do you expect the experiments you have referred to in what you call ' mailing phonograph,' will result in making that form of purely viva voce correspondence possible as a general practice ?" " There can be no doubt about it. It is an accomplished face already, as amply . demonstrated by the communications of that character which have already passod between Mr. Edison and myself." " Will nob, then, that aspect of its appli cation be of, perhaps, the widest import ance on tho whole ?" " Very, possibly. I may say even, probably so, since by it the clement of social and domestic utility is intro duced. Large as i3 the correspon dence of that character already, fancy how muoh greater it would be under the altered circumstances when, added to the ease of tbo operation, is considered the advantages and delight, not to say the sometimes punishing power, of the doar familiar voices from afar." edison's next sensation. " Is thiB use of the phonograph likely to affect the use of the telegraph or the tele phone ?" " Only to add grist to their mills, through the inevitable increase of busi ness which invariably comes of every increased facility. The bearing of this latter phase of phonographic service is rather upon the mail bag and its func tions, you observe, and, unleBs ' Parlia ment interferes/ the phonogram may b'e cheaper than the now familiar letter, thus benefiting alike both Governments and governed." "Just one more question, if you please, Colonel. Is there any foundation for tho rumour widely current that "among other, if possible, yet more extraordinary inven tions in progress in Mr. Edison's labora tory there is one which concorns the navi gation of theairl?" "Yes, that is ono of some 55 different experiments now going on in tho labora tory. I can tell you very little about it at present, but from information received from Mr, Edison himself I may say that the next great revolation of soience is likely to he in that direction." 