THE HYRONS BENEFIT. With that sympathetic feeling which friendly societies engender and foster, the Phoenix Lodge of the R.A.O.B. on Thurs day last at the Prahran town-hall, tendered a grand benefit performance to the widow and child of the late J. D. Hyrons, who met his death at the Albert Park encounter a few months since. Hyrons, who left a widow and one child to lament his un timely end, was, we believe, extremely unfortunate in business matters prior to his death, so that by the loss of their bread-winner his family are now in desti tute circumstances, and are dependent upon public sympathy. This appeal to the charitable on Thursday night was under the distinguished patronage of Sir James Macain, Hon. M. H. Davies, Sir W. J. Clarke, Hon. F. H. Derham, Hon. T. Bent; J. Harris and David Gaunson, Esqrs., M'sL.A., as well as the sister lodges of the R.A.O. Buffaloes, and a large committee of influential gentlemen. Mr G. A.Cole- man, in thanking the audience for their attendance, said that he was highly grati fled to see such a large number present, and he had no doubt that a very consider able sum would be handed over to the widow as the proceeds of the entertainment. The motto of the Buffaloes was "In all things charity," and he hoped that the success of this entertainment would be a stimulus to further acts of charity on the part of tlhe Phcenix Lodge. The pro gramme was one of the longest and best that have over been presented to Prahran audience, quite a host of professional and amateur talent makling their appearance. Mr Charles Logan acted as musical director and accompanyist, and fulfilled in a credit able: manner those onerous duties. The programme opened with a pianoforte solo by Mr Logan. Mr A. J. West rendered his hunting song, "Gone Away," for which he was loudly applauded. Miss Florence Shrimpton was very acceptable in her ballad, "Sing, Sweet Bird," and Mr Ernest Wilkinson created quite a furore in his comic impersonation of "How Paddy Stole the Rope." Miss Gertrude Peden sang the Scotch ballads," Comin' thro' the Rye" and "Within a Mile of Edinbro' Town" in a pleasing voice and with accurate pronunciation. Mr J. N. Marks made his first appearance in Prahran in the recitation of the "Kiss ing Cup Race," which was productive of prolonged applause. Mr. John Gardner, in his comic impersonation of "The Funny Old Gal," etc., responded to a decided encore by a dance. Miss May Mounser, who was to have sung "Jessie's Dream," was unavoidably absent. Mr John Elliott sang " Good Bye, Sweet Heart" and "Sweet Violets" in fine style. Mr Will Watkins was highly amusing in his grotesque impersonation of "The Ghost of Benjamin Bibbins." "Forget not to Forget" was well sung by Mr John M. Glynn. Miss Amelia Hedge was well receivedinher songs "My Nelly's Blue eyes" and "The Boys in the Gallery." For the latter this accomplished young lady received an encore, and responded by singing "Tra La La." "The Brave Sentinel" was sung by Mr. W. H. Ed wards. The sentinel posted on the moun tain top could hear the distant tooting of the bugle from the army which lie encamped in the valley below. The cornet obligato was extremely well played by Mr G. A. Coleman. Miss Emma Gosbell sang the ballads " A Dream within a Dream" and "Tally Heo " in good style and withll excellent precision. "A Soldier and a Man" was sung by Mr James Walton. The child wonder, La Petite Violet Nicholls was particularly happy in her original character impersonation of the "Jolly Irishman." Mr. Frank H. Clarke (proprietor of the Victoria Hall) was re ceived with volleys of applause in his Hibernian specialities, and sang as an encore "You're Welcome my Friends." On retiring hlie was again re- called, and in response sang some selections from comic songs. Mr Albert Pearmain was all there in his character impersonations of "How d'ye do. old boy, How d'ye do" and "I Did it." The duett, "The Fisherman and His Child" was remarkably well sung by Mr. and Master Kortlang. Mr Daniel Brown made his first bow to a Prahran audience, anod related the adventures of an English opera company before the Emperor of China, with imitations of Chinese instru ments. The Masters Peden gave a " High land Fling" in finished style. Mr Edwin H. Seals (sitting primo Phoenix Lodge) was well received in his song "A Bandit's Life." The waltz refrain, "Gentle Faces," was sung for the first time in Prahran by Mr Walter Stiles, who was loudly ap plauded. Mr James Wheeler executed "La Couroum D'Or" and "The Devil's March," on the English concertina in first rate style. Mr Sydney Knowles (cham pion whistler of Australia) delighted the audience with a selection of "the echoes of the whistle." Mr John Matlock was encored for his song "Alone on the Mid night seaon," and in response gave the seng "Rocked in the cradle of the deep." The "Torpsichorean Revelies" of Will Watkins and G. W. Harris was un doubtedly the best item of the evening. It sparkled with wit, and abounded in original puns. The entertaiment con cluded with the screaming absurdity, "La Ball do A'Friquo," in which the following displayed good acting and excellent side play :--Messrs. W. H. Edwards, A. J. West, Albert Pearmain, G. A. Coleman, R. P. Whitworth, Will Watkins, and Miss Gertrude Peden. The whole of the performers generously gave their valuable services, which will thus help to keep down the expenses of the entertainment, so that a large sum should be handed over to Mrs Hyrons. The stage furniture was kindly lent by H. Morris Jones and Co., warehousemen. The affair:was under the able manage. ment of Mr. G. A. Coleman, assisted by Mr 1. Jones, to whom the success of the entertainment is mostly due. 