Margaret Hunter's Friend. All her life Margaret Hooter had lived alone with her grand father in a gray stone house in the midst of n garden, which hid it from the road. They had few visitors. Old Mr, Morely would have nothing to do with neighbours, and those who came to the hoiiBe were principally old friends from a distance. And, thinking of the cold, stern man, who bad never once caressed her, it did not seem unlikely that Uo might have been unkind to ber parents. He was not unkind to her, bnt lie hod never been tender. Black Jane was fond of her, bat she WM ignorant and super stitious ; and perhaps the most congenial companion Margaret had ever hod was a strange one-a woman no longer young, evi dently a hard-working person, yet -as evi dently by birth a lady, who had met her once in the woods when she was a little child, and bad asked her for a kiss, .and who ever since had, now and again, crossed her path in soma lonely place, and talked to ber as no one else -' did. She had asked her name once, and the woman hud said: " Call me Martha," " Marthtewaa ray mother's name," laid the child ; " she died before I ever knew her." Then suddenly she was strangely moved. " Ob. it 1 only had a mother I "she said. And the woman kissed her again, and two teaia dropped from her eyes. That was years ago. Margaret was cow seventeen; yet still she met the pale, fair woman, with her hard worked hands and high-bred face, her common dress and lady like movements, in the woods by the littlo t-prinp, amid the gray rocks in the pathway tli.it led from the orchnrd itself. That .was when her grandfather was away. And she had never spoken to him of this lady. Ho never allowed her to have any friends. Of late, however, Margaret had had a little secret of her own-one that she did not tell her friend any more than her irrand father. Some one else hud met ber in the woods. Some one else bad told ber, as this woman had said, the was beautiful. Yes, some one else bad kissed ber also, with a kiss tbat thrilled ber through and through. 8bo bad a lover of whom she knew nothing, save tbat hp was handsome, that be praised ber, tbat be said life was unblest wtboutber. She knew ber grandfather would put an and to the pleasant meetings if be guessed at them, and Ralph Hartland told her BO. "A strange old gentleman, your stand father," he bad said : "a man who though doubtless deserving of respect, bas no sympathy for others. Were'I to go to the house and ask permission to visit yon, though he knows me well enough by,reputation, he would drive me from his door. We must many first, Margaret, and then ask his for. giveness. We can do without it if he refuses it, I think." And Margnret felt that if she had Balph for her very own she could do without all else. What had her grandfather ever been to her? She loved her friend Martha much better. That day she kissed Martha fondly when she left her. She bad promised her lover to leave bome with him that night, , and she knew that they might never meet again. She looked back alter she had gone a little way. Martha stood looking after her, (had ing her eyes with her band. All that evening Margaret wandered to and fro liko an uneasy spirit, taking a silent adieu of her quiet old home. Bho felt somo remorse when ehe looked at ber grandfather, and she evon felt sorry that she wan abont leaving Black Jane thus. But Balph stood first. Sbe had no thought of drawing back. She sat in the old kitchen at last, lingering over the spot where she had been happiest for if there had been any comfort it bail been at Jane's knee-when the door burst open, and Jane hereelf tottered in, and, trembling with horror, cast hercelf upon her knees. " I bare seen a spirit, Mies Margnrot," said Jane; "a spirit from another world. I've seen your mother, child, white, and worn, and wretched, standing watching your win dow from the orchard yonder. Some trouble is coming, some tronble is coming. What shall I do ?" Margaret, with a horror {or which she bad no words, crouched at the black woman's Bide. For the moment her resolution {ailed. But the terror /passed ere lone. She even grew to believe that Jane was the victim of her superstitious terrors; and she went to her room at last, resolved to meet ber lover as she promised. She had prepared ber little bundle, and placed her tiny sum of ihoney In the pocket of her dress. She had written a note to her grandfather, and laid It on. the unrumpled pillow; and now that the bouse was still-even Jane, in spite of terror, asleep in ber garret-the girl crept down stairs and out into the orchard. The moon shone bright; the patb to the road was clear. She crept down it and opened the gate. A little way beyond a dark figure stood among the trees. It hastened forward. " Uy darling 1" crlod a soft volcc. It was Ralph. All Margaret's terror van ished, She was with her lover j she was safe. " A carriagestands at the foot of tholanc," bo whispered. " We will be beyond pursuit in an hour. Gome, my darling." " As she placed her hand in his and lifted her lips to his own, another figure, crouched until now in the shadow of the groat pear tree beside the gate, arose and glided like a ghost between them. A white face tamed toward Ralph IlavUand, a white hand waved him backward. " Demon I" said a low, clear voice. " Black-hearted demon, leave this poor girl and go 1" "Who are you who interferes?" said Ralph. "Her mother," said the vromnn. Margaret scrcamed. Sho did not recog nize Mnrtha, and, overcome by tefror,fainted in her arms. When she again opened hor eyessho was alone with the woman. Sho knew lier face and voice now, nnd angrily shrunk from her. " Where is Ralph ?' she islccd. " Ralph, as' you call him, has gone forever 1 .hope, if be has gone to his wife lie has done well, for he has one. I am jour mother. Years ago I left my father's homo at night with one as bad as Ralph. We were mar ried, and six month afterwards I learned that be had another wife, and ho finally fled to escape tho State Prison. I only returned to place you, my child, upon the steps of the old homestead. After tint I worked honestly for my bread in n farmer's kitcben, but I conld not refrain from seeing my ohild, I have saved you, HIT darling." Margaret sobbed upon her breast. " You must not loave me, mother," eho ?aid. In the dawn two women knelt bofore the old man, and ho was not stern to them, nor cruol; his Hps pressed Margaret's forehead, but lie took Marthn to his heart. t 