VARIETIES. A Haunted blilp. ?WHAT OmOBHS AND OEEW THOUOHr THEY BAW IN UID-OoitiN. ' It is ghosts f Well, I doolaro ! Now, just liaton and I will toll you a story, ovory word of whioh is tmo. It happened to mysolf, and I can theroforo vonoh for it.' The spenkor was Captain Charles Munson, formerly for years captain of a largo olippor ship in the China trado, but at prosont pursoron the Ward Lino steamer Saratoga. ' Ho is a man who has seon tho sea of every dime, and who has 'dined in almost every largo seaport of the world. Tho correspondent listened with tho . olosest attention to the following story, and horn onves it fn t.hfl Tinlinvinf* if, will prove as interesting as it did to himself. In tho lattor part of tho year 1882, I was sailing in tho ship A. B. Parkor of Boston, of whioh I wasoaptain. She was a fine, largo vossel of 1800 tons, built oxprossly for the China trade. .'Wo had a cargo out for the Sandwioh Islandi, where wo were to talto a now cargo for Hongkong. Therefore, instead of going around the Capo of Good Hope, whioh is the usual routo to China, wo went around the 'horn ' (Capo Horn, South Amerioa). Oar voyage was unevent ful and pleasant urtjl wo were in south latitude about 25 dog., and weBt longitude 03 deg. 30 min. tTho day «n which wo took this observation nf®- clear anlfine. But it was the last fine day vo wero destined ? to have in over a wiek. 'A storm came on that night with tha utmost sudden ness. Tho second mato of th) Parker was a young man named Hilton. Hehad been with me in this berth three years, audi was greatly attaohed to him. On the tbirdnight of the storm, beforo going on deok to hc-4 his watoh, ho Bud to me : ' Captain, my day has oome ; I feol it— I know it !' I tried to j&aaon; him out of tho idea. I insisted on his taking an extra gflass of Santa Oruz, but he wai awfully down in tho month. Just before loavjng the cabin, ho gave me his watch? saying : .''I want you to promise me, if anything should Happen to me to-night that you will boo that my, wife who lives in New Bedford, MaBs., shall get this, and that you will tell her and the chil dren that I died on duty.' I detained him, and said : ' Tom, you take things too seriously . 'What ails you? Stay below. I will head your watoh myself.' Then he laughed and said : ' Well, I suppose I am a fool. No, no, ^ oaptain, I guess that will be all right, but I have had Buoh a queer prosentiment. I date say nothing will come of it.' Thus reassured, x ioi/ xj uu yu uu ueux. j. woo engaged in writing np my diary, and the first mate sat at the same table with me, writing up tho ship journal, when we heard a strange, booming sound, like heavy surf on a rook shoro. Both of us ran np on deok in tho utmost haste. The gale was increasing in violence and the sea was running mountains high. Evidently we were not near any surf, fur there was not the loast Bign_ of breakers, nor did wo hear tho sound again. Suddenly, as we stood at tho . companion hatoh, holding on to tho ropes to steady ourselves, we saw the second mate turn toward ua and point sea ward, then make a sign for us to go down the stairway. Inaninstant ' '! ? more we were boarded by a huge bowler that swept tho ship from -fit-em to stern. In our haste to esoape the rush of waters wo lost sight of the second mate, and we never saw hfin alive again. A Bailor who waB at the mizzen-cap saw him disappear with the flood of water as it left tne vessel into tho deep blaokness of the storm and ocean, a wild yell coming from his lips, soon to bo for ever olosed with the ocean over them. The storm continued to rage with undi minished fury for three d&yB; after this, and -fltufeg-illia liine'6uP'attSEt|ott-was all taken'* up with handling the ship. On the first fair night after the storm the full moon was up in the sky and now stood guard above the Southern Cross, a faint, phosphorescent glimmer flashed now and again from the . wave-oaps, and a dolorous wind moaned and sighed through the oordage. Tho night was glorious. As I walked forward and back on my watoh on deok how lonely it seemed ! If you have never been on board a ship in tho South Paoifio Ocean you cannot realise from any description the feeling that oomes over one on a midnight watch — nothing but a frail 4 ship beneath you over a desert ocean, with a great starry vault above. All on board asleep save only yourself and the watoh. Thus I felt rather in the temper that ghosts prefer to have their friends in when they ap pear, and I am not sure but I almost expeoted to seo a ghost when suddenly, as I tnrned in my solitary pace up and down, I saw that I was not alone on the quarter-dcok. A man was coming toward me, out. aia not seem to recognize my presence — ho evidently was ] ?: on watoh too. It was tho seoond mate, or, as I soon saw, his ghost. Yea,- it was hia ghost; there could be no doubt. I tried in vain to approach and lay hand on the figure but it always eluded me, and suddenly, after pacing np and down the I . deck an hour or bo, the figure disappeared as suddenly as it had come. 'Well, I was not a little horrified; but for obvious reasons did not say a word to anyone about tho matter. A haunted ship is about the worse thing on earth. Next night about midnight there was a great oommotion in the forecastle. All the men were ont on deok quicker than you could eay 'Jack Robinson.' Terror was in their faoes ; some were shrieking and others aoted as though they would jump overboard. I ran to the forecastle as quickly an I could. On ontering it, there in tho oentre of tho floor stood the ghost of tho seoond mate, with a belaying pin in his hand. ' Jaok, go ' : below 1' I commanded, addressing him, and to my astonishment ho disappeared like a puff of wind. I reasoned with the sailors, but all in vain. They had seen tho ghost. That . was enough, and nothing would induce them : to return to the foreoastle ; they preferred to sleep on deck. Well, this kiod of thing con tinued during the remainder of the voyage, and daily it bccamo more terrible. I do be lieve t*o would all have jumped overboard ; rather than stood it had wo not boon so near Honolulu when it commenced. At last the weloome harbour waB gained and the erow t discharged. The Parker lay there thioe years afterward, and oould got no oargo, no captain, no crew. Every one knew of her story — Bhe was haunted. At laBt aho caught fire and was horned to the water's edge. As remarkable as this story may seem, I assure you it is tho truth. I don't know : much about ghosts and' spirits (other than : good old rum). I never havo seen any but this one and I hopo I may never seo another. —Cincinnati Enquirer, 