THE NORTH-EAST MINING VEN TURES.— No 1. (By our Teetulpa Correspondent.) Bimbowrie Station. N.E . Mav 12. Among the many mining ventures that have been set on foot of late in the neighborhood of Teetulpa, there are several which, lying away from the beaten tracks, have rarely, it ever, been introduced to public notice through the medium of press correspondence. In order to visit and report on these properties, respecting the brilliant prospects of more than one of which dark hints and vague rumors had from time to time been industriously circulated, I made arrangements for a tour of inspection with a friend. After much preparation and sundry false starts and postponements, we at last got under weigh on the 9 th inst., amid the chesra of the crowd that had assembled to witness our departure. (A reputation for veracity and matter of fact statement, the loss of which would leave me poor indeed, compels me to acknowledge that a Teetulpa crowd now consists of about six individuals of assorted ages and sexes, and that the cheers referred to were of that description peculiar to auriferous regions, and commonly written 'Jo!') It must, however, be confessed that the animated cat's-meat and superannuated 'shaudryden' that had the honor of conveying your repre sentative and his companion, who claimed to be the oldeBt — that is to say, the earliest— resi- dent at present on the field, were hardly calcu lated to inspire the respect due to them. Although long odds were freely offered (with no takers) that we would never make Mount Victor, our first day's stage, it is a striking proof of the wonders that oats ' ad lib,,' both ehort and long, will accomplish, that up to the present we have maintained an average rate of three knots and only consumed one whip. Crossing Brady's Gully by Badman's road, which having caved-in in several places is now little better than a trap to the unwary, whether biped or quadruped, we leave on the left hand the lovely-looking burial-ground, where some two score (mostly victims of typhoid and mis- placed confidence) sleep the last sleep, and wind slowly over the quartz-strewn undula tions of bleak barren saltbush country. After progressing about seven miles towards Mount Victor, the highest peak of some serrated hills that loom up boldly on the northern horizon, we arrive at a dam (as tanks in this country seem to be invariably termed). Here in deference to an unmistakable hint from our 'moke,' who said aB plainly as he could that he would Bee us both blue before he would budge an inch further, we pipe all hands to dinner and spell for about an hour. Jogging along quietly a few miles further we again pall up at a tin hut, a deserted outetation at a large dry tank, in tending to visit the Sunbeam, a lately opened reef situated about two miles to the westward. The tracks thereto being too heavy for our faruine-feebled little pony to tackle with any propfect of pulling through, we set out on foot, but noticing from a hilltop a drag approaching, which we rightly conjectured to belong to some mutual friends who were camped in that direc tion, we sat down to await its arrival, but as the sun was now getting low and we had some eix or seven mileB yet to go we necessarily post poned the visit to the Sunbeam sine die. From what I have gathered a Btrong and well-defined lode has already been followed on an underlie angle of about 40° to a considerable depth, the woik being facilitated by easy country and a double tramline in the shaft. A small parcel of the stone was treated a few weeks ago at the J. C. Bray battery, but the result was not made' public. Our friends who, according to a custom very common in this district were combining kaDgaroo hunting with prospecting (other parties in the vicinitv bninc rnnnrfcari tin ha nn 'good things,') had opened a silver-bearing locfe near Mount Victor, from which promising assays had been obtained ; directions to find which they gave w, with other useful infor mation respecting the route whish we pro posed to traverse. Yoking np again to the evident disgust of our gallant grey, who thought his troubles were over for the day, we cross a mile or two of plain country, and on entering a patch of acacia scrub arrive at Mr. Stacey's camp, where we are welcomed by a cnorus of barks from the kangaroo dogs chained up under the sheltering bushes. Staying here only long enough to exchange local news items and re pair the most necessary aiticle in our equip ment, which, being on a par with the balance of the turnout, was better calculated (as far as its effects went) to flick flies off a deeping Venus than to galvanise into tem porary activity the ghost of a Rosinante that beaded our procesaion, we cross a boundary fence by the 6imple expedient of pulling up a few posts and holding them flat on the ground. About a mile or so further we reach a small tank sunk in the bed of a dry watercourse. Here some kangaroos are drinking, but before we can bring our battery (a single barrel muzzle-loading 'squirt' of uncertain age and ditpoEition) to bear they hop away into the sur rounding scrub and are safe. From here the track bends to the left, where Mount Victor is beginning to look more adjacent, and juet as the shades of night are beginnmg to thicken uncomfortably we enter a horee paddock and arrive at the Mount Victor hut and well, an outstation of Koonamore run, about 17 miles from Teetulpa, after traversing a candy track in which, to our pleasant sur prise, 'Catemeat,' aB we have dubbed our quadruped, shaped so satisfactorily as to secure a double ' whack' of oats in his feed and com parative immunity from external stimulant. The boundary rider, also an enthusiastio kangarooer, whose 'Colt' magazine rifle inspires feelings very near akin to envy, made ub welcome, and as the night was threateningly overcast we accepted, the ofier to camp inside, exchanging notes and experiences relative to past campaigns againBt the tripods until wrapped in the arms of ' Murphy.' The best resolutions 'oft gang agley,' and the sun was well above the eastern horizon before we turned out, my first move after attending to the horse, being in the direc tion of Stacey's lode. Ascending a gentle slope, thickly strewn with the debris of a strong outcrop of dark ironstone, running about east by north, which crowns it, I am soon on the Bcene of action. Here, on what looks like a 'fault' in the main reef, a Bmall hole has been put down about 10 or 11 feet in very unsettled and shaken limestone country, and a lode of eome kind seems to have been opened on. Au attempt to get down in order to make a closer inspection convinced me that, without a rope, the only way was to fall down. As I could hardly see my way to falling up again, I did _ not push my investigations further Joking apart, however, the blow is of a nature veiy characteristic of argentiferous country, and a systematic search for a true lode might be well worth prosecuting1. The Princess Midas, named in allusion to Mis3 Cornwall, who, I believe, holds an interest in it, is one of the many 'mines of the future' that are to be found in this district. This, I faucy.iis the neateBt way of designating those properties which cannot, claim to be mines of the preEent ; the work done on them consisting only of erecting corner-pegs and wetting the christening. Nearly everybody in this part of the country carries geological specimens ia his pocket, which in the imagination of then- pos sessors are fabulously rich in one or more of the valuable metals. Earlier on the trip I had narrowly escaped com mitting myself by asserting that Boms hard galena was micaceous iron, and that some minerals representing oxide and carbonate of lead were simply red ochre and carbonate of lime. Now my host bailed me up for an opinion as to the nature of a piece of rock which certainly resembled in many respects a junk of old iron-Btained sandstone encased in chalky or calcareous material. I should have been . 'had' properly. Having travelled on the back blocks when the colo nies and myself were some dozen years younger, I had become painfully familiar with that curious compound of saccharine abomination and brickdust that the bloated squatter of the good old tunes was wont to serve out to his bands and the stranger at his gates aB ' ration sugar.' While it can be ob tained samples of this wonderful production should be secured by the technical museums that are intended to play such an important part in the education of the rising generation. It would be necessary, however, to create a special department for it, for which the con glomerate would be a suitable term, as it would puzzle the president of the Royal Society to determine whether the article in question be longed to the vegetable, mineral, or even animal kingdom. Getting away in good tune after all, about 9 o'clock we are well on our road, this time bound to tbe eastward, having given up our intention of visiting Mount Victoria, in con sequence of the heaviness of the road, it being stated to be sand nearly all the way. We make fair progress considering all things, and after traversing a few miles of uninteresting country stop to bait in a patch of scrub. From beie the road was very sandy, and we had to take to the saltbush, lightening the craft by walking nearly all the way. Up to the present the trip from a sporting point of view had been a failure, as the turkeys . bad kept at a discreet distance from the road eide, once off which they could walk away from us at their leisure. However, at the second time of asking the gun went oS and killed a kangaroo that foolishly hopped in the direction taken by a charge of A shot, trying to get out of the road of about 4 drachms of diamond grain which went off behind it. Shortly after securing the caudal trophy we arrived at Arkaroola, a hut and well situated at the point where the road between Teetulpa and Mount Victoria crosses the main track between Silverton and Fort Augusta, which we had been following. Steering north ward we again leave the hospital, which, with the smoke from the battery, had long been distinctly visible in our rear, and make for Ethudna, a bold rocky hill, capped by a trig station, visible for a considerable distance in every direction. On our way hither we witnessed a kangaroo course, the animal ap pearing to give Mb canine pursuers leg-bail with ease. Entering a wierd-looking but pic turesque defile between two rugged spurs, which, shut in by points of rock and winding into the base of the hill, resembles a sort of terrestial harbor, we at last arrive at a well where a grand spring of fresh water has been tapped a few feet below the surface. Here another party of kacgarooers were camped, and 16 veiy nicely-pegged skins were set out, which the man in charge told me had been taken from kangaroos, all of which had been caught by one dog on the previous day. Resuming our journey we reach Mr. Mott ram'e comfortable camp at the 'New Tear' copper lodes at dusk, and soon making pre parations for wet weather, our buggy fortu nately having a tilt, turn in and enjoy what rest is obtainable in a shallow box 5 feet by 3J. During the night it rains intermittently, and on arising in the morning the lowering ap pearance of the weather, the hillsides being clothed in vapor, diBpels any idea of further progress for that day. Taking advantage, however, of a break in the miserable drizzle that transported one in fancy back to the ' land o' cakes' I made a [brief inspection of the workings in the locality. On Mr. Mottram'a lease, that derives its name from having been taken up on New Year's Day, two lodes have been opened, and other outcrops and indications are known to exist. On the more western, which appears to be a large for mation, the work is at present purely of a prospecting character, and operations are sus pended until another windlass can be pro cured ; the lode stuS is as yet of so determined character, almoBt every class of ore being found scattered through the matrix. Further east a shaft has been sunk about 12 feet on a small lode, wLich, haying been followed about 8 feet on its underlie to the northward, appears to be making some good assays, for both Bilver and copper have been obtained from here, and the bulk of the ore raised has a very promising appearance. The 'Mindamareeka' property lies about a mile further along the hilly coun try, trending to the southward and eastward. It consists of three 80 acre blocks, and, like Mount Victoria, got its name trom a hill at such a distance away that the imagination is considerably strained to establish the why and wherefore. What is of much more importance, however, is that the indications of the cnpriferouB character of the country are here very prominent and abun dant. In a deep 'costeen' trench on the southern block a formation carrying copper and silver-bearing minerals — some of undoubtedly high grade — has been opened, which measures between walls of rotten micaceous quartzite no less [than 56 feet. A vertical shaft has been commenced to cut this 'large lode, which runs nearly due east and weBt through two of the sections a few feet below the surface, I noticed some good carbonates and horse flefsh ore at this place; also some very likely - looking gossans and man ganese, and am of opinion that it looked aB 'keenly' for both copper and silver as any show that I have yet seen in this part of the country. Only two men are at present employed by tbe syndicate who hold this property, and they were engaged for the present in proving what appears to be a cross course. On another part of the ground here a shaft was down 15 feet, from which a cross cut was being put into the lode to ascer tain its width and character, the country appearing to be easy to work in. The rongh nature of. the country, and a lock of confidence in the capabilities of our equine rein induced ub to abandon our project of visiting Mount Victoria, where, as far as I can gather, the only work of importance now being carried on is tbe deepening of the company's underlie shaft by contract. So using betimes on Satur day morning, which dawns with a revivifying freshness and glory that makes one believe life is worth living after all, we again break up camp and set out eastward for Bimbowrie. Tbe track from here ia very heavy indeed, it is a dead pull nearly all day. This granite country is a desolate looking wilderness, interminable wastes of sand scantily clothed with saltbush and sprinkled with stunted andstarved-looking bushes, and only broken by rough rocky hills. Fortunately our quadruped proves to be aheap better than he looks, and his oats are not thrown away. It would do our friends who made so merry over our departure good if they could see 'the pinches* we negotiate, literally putting our shoulders to the wheel. About mid-day we make the Mindamareeka hut and well, receiving a hearty welcome from the boundary-rider, who lives in the centre of a very Sahara of sand. Close by here is a range of hills. Bounding the plain on the weBt is the Lucky Find, another copper venture belonging to a Broken Hill syndicate. While the horee is feeding I walk over to look at it. Arriving at the scene of operations I find two men sinking on a lode which in places appears to be nearly 5 feet in width ; at the present depth (36-feet) it is, however, rather small and horsey. In the small heap of partly-dresBed ore atRrasBlnoticedBome grey ore in streaks. How ever, carbonates, both blue and green, were the predominating ores in the quartz matrix, some portions of which might assay well. Argenti ferous substances also occurred at intervals, which might become an important feature hi the future development of the mine. Resuming the road, - about seven miles further on we pass tbe Bimbowrie woolshed and BhearerB* huts at a very desolate-looking spot called 'Antro.' The former is a long roomy structure of masonry , roofed with cor rugated iron, and although it has no preten sions to architectural beauty it is claimed to be the best shed in the northeast. Having no time to waste we did not make a closer inspec tion. For the last two days' travelling the tracks have been so heavy with the loose sand formed by the decomposition of granite that we have had to walk the greater portion of the way, eo are not sorry when at lasFwe arrive at the heftdstation after narrowly escaping being logged in a tank while watering the hoi°ae- Government house is, for the locality, a sub stantial and rather ornate building, and ia' situated at some distance from the other atation baildings, where we secure a comfortable camp lor the night and a hospitable reception, 