J OUUL' U' A WA'UtbiruUT.. .The ollowing yarn le told in the 'Daily Telegraph' to *"A Seafarer' by * sl friend,' the Second Mate :-' The chief mate was a ohbserful littleWelshman-God rest. ble soul-one of the most intelligent seamon.I was ever associated with, with as tender a heart as ever boat under a velvet waistcoat, and eyes so bright that I'd sometimes think that the rednues that tinged 'them was nothing but the scorohing of the thin by the flashing of his gaze. WVo woro 'vry good frlends,both of a rather poetical torn of mind, no very groat rarity amongatteamono though the conformedly strained manlinese of the sailor makes him feel sheepish oven to be suspeoted of. a romantic humour now and again. The skipper hovered about till 10, then went below. I joined the znate, and we fell to quietly pacing the deck, talking of anything but the weather and the heat, and the calm, being nick of the things. No, sir, our conversation wont to consideration of the sort of times we were ,to expect at Calcutta, and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking seriously of looking out for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, where the month's wage sounded roll in the shape of rupees, when he interrupted me by oeming all On a sudden to a dead stand, whlst he cried io a tregio voice tha, was scarce r.oro than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm at he spoke : ' My God, what it that?' His forefinger indicated a apaoo of dusk that lay like an ink-stain upon the night that was dark as the set-line everywhere else wast and o thoe heart of this peculiar murky blotch I observed what looked to me to be two fine lines of flame close together, forking out of the nea, and lengthening upwards as I one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor I whence they proceeded, though thislass was very elosive, and noticeable only when the eight went a little to the right or left of.it * Hush I' said 1, after straining my hearing a moment, whilst the mate stood watching stookstill, as though epellbound, ' Do you bear it?' The noise I meant, which, though faint, was audible enough amid the pauses of the flapping canvas on high, Think of a kettle boiling in a room next to the one you ane seated in, and that will be the character of the noise I heard. AsI spoke there was a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and the wild glare threw out the ponderous foldsof a great cloud hanging, like mastes of smoke arrested and proesed down, above those strange and ever growinglumioons stalks. 'A watospoot-two of them, it looks like, cried the mate. 'Hw does it travel Why, by all that's precious, If ite growth slgtifies its course, it's heading direct for the barque.' HIlvebomeat ex olamatlons startled the men who had stowed themselves away about the doeks for a nap. and you saw . flitting of dusky figures to the rail, and caught a note of alarm in the half-smothered growl of voices which came along. Saving, always, the swing of the swell, the barque lay as'dead on the sea as a llghtship, not an onch of way on her; so that there was nothlog possible to be done in the way of manweuvring. ' But waterspouts don't shine,' oried I, to the mate. 'Yes, yea,' he answered, 'yonder does, anyhow. It is the phosphorous ia the water. I haveseen such things again iud again, glowing as though they had got a streak of Ightntug stowed away in their coil.' He continued to look ; then, with an aslh, he cried out psetionately that the -ppearance was hoediug for no, and, with a bound, gained th* companion, down which he belted, returuine after a few breathlers a momente followed by the captain, who rose 1 out of the hatch ihko a ghost. habited in hib ehirt and drawers only. Believe meo or not as you will, but what I'm going to tell you is as true as that I, who walk by your aides now, am a living man. The fire tinotured stalks, as I will call them, had thikened with incredible rapidity, and dooked 500ft. high, distant as thty yet were I There was a eonstant p' y of lighining over ta hem, sometimes very fieao and brillant, with sharp cracks of thunder, whose rover bera'ione rolled over the polished undula. tions of the water, with a sound of heavy bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stage. The stagnation around made the sight of that small rotating luminous 'ttemFpet as wonderful se ite was frightful. '?Every moment height, ned the roar of the boiling t at its base, nd the idesoiebableo yelling of the aircular sweepieg of the wind of this narrow tempest. Some of the men heat with a handspikes furiously upon the rcuttle to I arouoe the watch below. I stood watching, acaroe dra leg a breath, captain and mate Sbeside me, both cilent. Indeed, lthere was nothing so be done. We mig'"t, perhaps, have fired a gun, but we hadn't such a thing I aboard. The course of the eeout wsn easily to be gathered by the sharpening of h the mystical golden fires whichb illuminated c the .evolving co'umus, end by the whiting upon the right of the bed of foam out of which those vest liquid trunks grew, and by the increasing uproar of the maddened and atething mass of spume and of the thunder blasts over it fo'lowing ealhjagged, harhed , lightnirg stroke wl h continuous detona ione, comparable only to broadside after t srodsitd delivered from a four.decked line. of-battle ship. The spout eame along slowly -if a single spout it were with its two fasming simba and one denre head of vapour, There was a bit of hope to ibe got out of this, for it might break rnd peri.h ere it recobed us. The captain oriod, 'My G. I what shall we do? Hlow fa t isi travellisg, Ihick you, Mr Morgan ?' 'Eight miles in the hour-no faster, sir,' ernaked the mete, in the voice of a man eootaenced to detah. ' It'll be aboard uo l , roared some forward -uddenly in a penical t way, and the cry waoe instatly followed by a rrantio rush all of ehadows as the fisures a of the men losked But the boatwain of She barque, whose tones I recognised, orled out, 'Jump for shelter, my lads I jump for shelter I Dawn with you under deck, or there'll be ne'er a life left to explain what hurt the ship, on whion many of the men sprang forward agait, the captalon saying I nothing, and the mate asmute as I, for the |lghtsir.g was arackliog over our heads now, and the barque was plunging upon the heavy ea, flung in advance by the commoteon, though there w.s not a breath of air yet, as I live.to tell it., and the spout almost within pistol shot I Well, I can only speak of myself now, forwhae followed waallke a horrible sightmare, from which you start with the blood thook in your velns, without being able to recall a feature of the terror that awoke you. The mad Impulse one got from the rightand sound of the spout, and ,tt horrible accowmpaniments of wbiteress at I fo a ind hlacokneosi overhead, was for ahl eir;, and my first spring was for the companion, with a sy to the cap'nla end mate to follow me, I w e searce feour steps down when thsre happened a shook as though an rdirhqu~ake right under the keel of the tiarque had torn her Into stave, oust for one instant my ear caught tOe inoexpreesaible bheltah clemour of tons of sweeplng water, of spares snpping like piposteme?-then wash; the o.snsmalon why was filled in a breatht and doen I went, swept along and Into insansthbiity by a fslod that was asmall Ni|gara Fatls I i ts way forwelght, Of conrse I wasn't drowned; of eourse I regained oonsolousees; but thabt was not so wondesful as that I ehould have orawled out of he cabin like a soaked fleoce, a sane man with every sense tan: in him, Iostead of a grinnleg and gihbertng idiot. I gafoed the.deck. The night wae br,.athles. N?o round eameoff the cnesn, though the heorzoa bung blaok all around as before. It took me a while to rec, and then I observed that the barque was d'amaatrd. Tis ehadow ef her deok stretched onu before me. a sheer hulk I There were figures moving here and there I halloed, and most of. thhoem came aft. But they were all too stopefird to anes'er ques. tinna ; they muttered in a dazed way. Who was milssing What had happrnsd mee than that the barqgu had been stripped to the eonsition of caked hall was not to be gatheron tel the dawn ome,. iut before he light broke wo had railled :eliblcnely to man the pomps and keep them going., Talk ol a wrece 1 NHo or did the sun rice upon a more pitiable o ght the the basrque made; three jggsd stusops where .he lower mastse tad been; a whole wilderness of wreckage over the side; bowsprit g., 10 tin o pOrt bew.ee, smashed flat, deok boues, galley, long hoat, quarter bosts-uli vanished. 'he captoti and the poor follow who had been at the whel . were miasing; their fate nce?oe no gueeig. But - we found the body of the mate, cruelly bo uli d and,barolydistinguilhable as a human tcrm. lying under a mamn of gear. Well, to.end the yarn, for its nearly told, we passed three days of desperate pumping, for the .vtecel toult in water as though her. bottom had been a grating, and 'twas pump or, sink, forn we were without a boat, Bu]t n the morning of he fourth day a steamer hove in eight, ephd us, and came alongside. She was just in time; we were more speotree, with thu etreougth of such thinge, and Ibelleve if th next rolief of the pumps had teen called there would have been no answer." 