[ ' OUR SYDNEY LETTER. : Fhoji Our Own Correspondent. i ; 3isfc October, 1888. 1 lno Ueatii or Mr JJalloy has cast a Bombre [ tingo over tho ovonts of tho week, He was (i man for whom almost overyone had a regard. Freo and easy epicuroans adored him bocausB, like thorn, ho made no secret; of his intention to enjoy life, l'olitieiuns, even those who most- bitterly opposed his policy, were compelled to respect him on account of his commanding ability. IIo lwj tho rare and inestimable gift of being able to movo men's wills, and iniluonco their affections, where lesser lights found themselves laboriously ondeavouring to enlighten thoir understandings. Of course this only applies to tho ordinary rank-aud- lilo, and to his own party, whoso prepossessions wore already settled in his favour. Thore was a staunch hird-honded minority whom ho could never < influence, who saw clearly the flaws in his brilliant devices, and on whom it always devolved sooner or lator, to remedy the misohicf they had caused. But evon these, while they distrusted the politician, could not but admire the man. He owed his chief power to his bright, genial and sympathetic temperament, supported by a rare tact and experience of men and of history. No 0110 could leave his presence without feeling that he had, or might have, a powerful personal friend. Nor did his good will end here. Many instances of his magnanimous generosity and prompt liberality are spoken of, and thore are doubtless many more which will never be known on this side of eternity. A. man of such magnetic influence and power and such intellectual ability might, if solely devoted to unscrupulous ambition, have been as great an enemy to his country as Napoleon Bonaparte was to Franco. What lie expected from the military resources of tho people, | and how little regard he paid to the constitutional restraints by which tho activity of those resources is wisely restrained, may be gathered from the history of tho Soudan expedition. No difficulties would have daunted him from forming a conception and a plan ; no scruples would havo prevented him from putting his plan into execution. The difficulties he would leave to those who ventured their lives to overcome them, the scruples to those who felt them. On tho other hand had he devoted himself to that political life for which he was so well fitted, ho might have ; been an active force in the regeneration of his | country But so far as outsiders can read his character, tho same considerations which prevented him from acliieving a more unenviable distinction than pertains to him■ as a self-appointed military dictator, alsoi prevented liii» from greater achievements in a more landaple direction. He loved, as I said before, to enjoy life. He entered politics only when the victory had been achieved, and ho could take his place with acclamation 1 as tho cynosure of a triumphant party. Tho toils and vexations of Opposition, he consistently eschewed, still it is given to no man to be perfect, and while truth compels me to endeavour to form an accurate rather than a flattering estimate of tho distinguished man who has just been removed, I cannot forget that ho was distinguished—that he occupied a prominent position in the oyes of his fellows, not by virtue of adventitious circumstances, but by vietuo of great endowments, which, on tho whole, were not i unworthily directed. From the dead to the living is always an inevitable transition. Among Mr. Dalley's most prominent remaining disciples miiBt be reckoned Mr. Dibbs, who glories in the influence which his departed chief has exercised over his political beliefs and actions. Mr. Dibbs has just boon elected leader of the Opposition. . Not that this is any great honor. He was leader last session, and it was no uncommon position for him to find himself without followers. This untoward situation was partly due to his own impulsive waywardness and obstinacy, partly to tho illdisguised ambitions and bickerings of his "supporters." of whom there are at least six who regard themselves as much hotter fitted for tho chief position than the gentleman who now occupies it. I don't know that this state of affairs need be quite so severely visitod on the Opposition as it is by the press writers on the dominant side. In a state of affairs like that which obtains at present, when all tho prizes go to the supporters of the Government, it takes a man of somo strength of mind and great independence of character to belong to tho Opposition at all, and men of this description find it at least as difficult to agree with one another, as with those who are more docile and bidablo. To do them justice, I must say that the Opposition so far, have evinced no desire to resort to factious obstruction. The only delay that has yet been experienced is thai which is caused. by the tardiness of the Government in bringing forward the proper ^business. The session can only be a very briof one, and even a single day can be ill-spared if tho business is to be transacted properly. Everything comes to him who waits. At Wollongong, tho tido scorns to have turned in favour of the long-suffering licensed victualler. All over the colony ho is threatened with tho remorseless Local Option law, which is not only intended to limit his output of manufactured products, but to take away his vory means of subsistence. Of couiso I need hardly explain that in the oyes of the teetotallers, tho "manufactured product" of the publican is tho confirmed drunkard. Without stopping to discuss that question, I may stato that in the pleasant little township aforesaid tho rum selling interest is strongly represented in tho Borough Council, and it has been doing a little " local option" on its own account. It has secured tho passing of a bye-law which enacts that in Wollongong, any porsons marching through tho streets as a musical procession shall be liable to fine and imprisonment. Nothing Jto them th'at this right was freely c needed in every other town in the colony, even in tho crowded streets of Sydney. They had their local powers, and they meant to use them according to their own interpretation of them. For my own part I must say that I think they have strained them to an altogether unjustifiable pitch. I find it very hard to believe that it was over contemplated to flrllow municipal .magnates, who in many cases aro ignorant of tho first principles of jurisprudence, to pass laws affecting the liberty of their fellow citizens, even when they disapprove of their religious belief or proceeding. Still less can I imagine that it was ever intended that the whole paraphernalia of national justice, our police force, our warders and our gaols, should complaisantly be placed at tho disposal of i any form of local bigotry which happened for the moment to bo paramount. Perhaps I am hardly a reliable guide in tho matter, for ! I must plead guilty to a very firm belief that; if tho imprisonment of any section of society is a panacea for our woes, wo should Buffer much less from the permanent incarceration of " Brother Bung" and his best customers, than from that of the Salvation Army, grotesque and mistaken on many points of practico as I believe them to bo. As, however, I have very little faith in the virtues of imprisonment in any case, perhaps his confession of faith is irrevalent. Anyhow, the borough council strained its powers to pass tho bye-law, and it was ably seconded by the civic Solons. Repeated 1 prose utions brought down tho strength of I the recalcitrant Salvationists to two individuals, all the other effective malo members being lodged in gaol at tho public expense. Of these two one marched up the street playing a cornet. Then thore was only one. I Tho performer was promptly summoned. | Ho thought lie had circumvented tho obnoxioi m law, as ho triumphantly pleaded that 0110 man could not possibly bo a procession of men, and as a Salvationist was nover, or at least, hardly ever, known to bo musical the presumption was that ho could not bo a "musical procession." But tho Bonch promptly overruled him. Ho was " proceeding," therefore, said tho local luminary, ho was a procession. Ho was nlavimr A cornot, therefore ho was a " musical procession"—two astounding dicta which might well nmko tho ghost of Lindloy Murray turn uneasily in his grave— that is to say if tho worthy grammarian is still there, which I don't believo for a moment. What can bo tho intellectual atmosphere of a place whore such things are possible is entirely beyond my comprehension, so is tho mental and moral connection of a Government which which can permit them. 