i beforehand. i now first published, By L. T. MEADE, I Author of "Scamp USD If "A Knight i of To-day," " Castle Mary;" &c.; The Rigid of Translation is Reserved CHAPTER TtfTT. I Nothing in the least remarkable oc I cnrred last night I assisted old Jarra I jfl usual with his table duties, and spent I most of the rest of my time in my I nantry. Every moment I expected a I Enmmons from Trafford, bat none came. I The hoasehold went to bed, and the I night passed without any particular event. In the morning I remembered, I with a thrill half of wonder half of I terror, that this was the twentieth of I November. On this day last year I had I seen the vision. I felt that this I twentieth of November was big with im- portance for me. Oa this day Crosby's I visit was due at the Glades. I began I to suspect that Trafford was waiting to I declare my real identity, until Crosby's I non-appearance gave him an excuse for I doing so. After breakfast on this day I Janet favored me with a swift and I peculiar look. 1 knew what this look I meant— tt was a signal that she had something of great importance to com- I monicate. I went to the rendezvous we I had arranged — this was the piece of ruined wall in the wood. We had H .....mafftprp vsh— ths danerer vm (nn I great Janet was there before me —she I was walking about collecting pretty I Eprays of bramble and other autamn I leaves — she came up to me hurriedly. I 'Harkhain, pray reach me that high I bramble. I shall tear my dress if I try I to pull it down. TbankB !' I Then she thrust a couple of letters I into my hand. ' Read them and act as I you think best,' she whispered. 'We. I are all goiag — we shall remain at the I Glades to-night.' I She did not wait to listen to a word I from me, but ran swiftly towards the I house. I followed her more slowly, and I goiog round to the back premises, I quietly resumed my usnal work. As far I as I could tell, not a soul had seen our I meeting. As soon as possible I went np I to my attic, and locking the door, sat I down ou the side of my narrow bed. I I then took the two letters which Janet I had given me oat of my pocket. As I I anticipated they were both from Mrs. Morris. The first ran as follows : — " Deab Janst, "Jim and I have set our hearts on your being here to meet your I beloved Jack. We had a line from him I this morniog, saying be would be with as at 740— in time for our eight o'clock H QiliUrr. ?' c nous jruu ouu owuum mau I Henry all to come. We can give yon I beds. " Yours affectionately, I "Mary Morris." The aecond letter was addressed to lbs. Trafford. " Dearest Alethka, " Yon won't disappoint ns all. Your old room will be ready for you and Henry. We coald not think of Henry returning home so late at night Yon mnst not only dine, but sleep. " Ever your loving friend, I " Mary Morris." I I read the letters once — twice — then I tore them into little fragments and I burnt them. After tbis I made my I toilet for the day, and went downstairs. I I felt quite calm. I was also quite de- I termined. Janet and Trafford and his I wife were to sleep at the Glades. I also I would pass the night under Morris's I roof No one would know of my pres- I ence, but I Bbould be there. Morris and I his friends would wonder at the absence I of Jack Crosby, but Jack Crosby would I be close to them all the time. My re- I solve was so fixed that, as I said it I calmed me. I attended at lnnch as usual, and daring the meal the proposed I visit to the Glades was discussed. Ale- I thaa expressed a little timid pleasure at. the prospect of the proposed change. I 'You know, Henry,1 she said colour- ing as she met hie eye, ' how fond I am I of Mary. I shall enjoy an evening with I dear Mary." I 1 1 confess, ' said Trafford, I frankly I confess, that I am not disturbing my I arrangements and going away for a I night (a thing I have a particular I aversion to) from any desire to profit I by the Morris's society — dear, good I people, no doubt — but may I be per- mitted to observe — just a shade dull. I No, no, Alethea, I go to see Janet's be- I trothed. You will forgive me, Janet, if I I say that I am not very fond of Crosby, I bat he is a cations study, and I go to I study him.' I Janet's face became crimson, bat Mrs. I Traff ird grew white aad still. Hex has- I baud did not notice Janet, but lie I watched her with an expression which I thought singularly cruel. _ ' Markham,' he called out, bring the I brandy here. Now, my dear, I. shall I prescribe for you. Drink this, Alethea, I you are faint from the heat — only there I Is no heat Well, no matter — drink I your brandy and water Alethea' Alet- I hea raised the glass with fingers that I trembled, and I so far forgot my man I ners that I went out of the room. Long I before this I had made all arrangements I with regard to the plans of my other I self. Mrs. Marston had in her possess - I ion a telegraphic form already filled in H and addressed from Jack Crosby to I Morris at the Glades. Thie telegram simply stated that I bad missed my pro- I posed train, and woold arrive by an I early one in the morning, instead. The I telegram was to be despatched no as to I reach the Glades a few moments after I the dog-cart returned without me. Has I y friends were to expect me to appear H in their midst until the last moment pos- fible. What I was to do in the morn- I ing was more than I could say, but Iliad I nuw come to that pass that to look a few H hours ahead seemed enough to satiny me. The Trafibrd's drove to. the Glades hi a close carriage. Going by the road, I the Morris's house was quite two miles I distant. Through the wood, it was only I bulf a mile from Tower will. Mrs-Tial- U iQrd end Janet were to dress for dinner I h the (Hades, I shut the carriage- I r on the party precisely at mxo'clock. I then went slowly do wnstum.teF. toe I servant's quartos. I waa met .one of I the under housemaids, a pretty ifi'A'too B greeted me with a beaming feeet s '- B ' Oh 1 Mr. Mirkhwa,' she eidifiuM H - 'We contemplate haying a littbd&es; In tte servants tgome ladies and gentlemen - are enming np from the village, and it 'Will be toy' select. Cook Is going to give ns supper, too, with jellies and b'ices. We -are going to begin to dance at -nine o'clock.' "All right, Nancy;' Ireplied. 'Pray engage yourself to me for tbe -first waltz." , I freed myself from the eager and de- ' lighted, looking tgirl, gnd running up to my attic' bedroom, locked myself 'in. There I bathed and laved my bead and face with- hot water, and eoon removed the odioas dye from my face, and in a great measure from my hair. I next took off my livery, and put on an or dinary suit of clothes, which "used to suit Jack Crosby well. I ' stuffed my dyes and tbe garments I had worn in my ser vitude into a portmanteau, and turned the key. 'There 1' I said aloud. -,'I have done with yon." I looked in the glass, and saw a ghost of the old Crosbie reflected there. I pot on my great-coat, and douching my hat over my eyes, and portmanteau in hand,' crept softly down the ..stairs. No one was about. 1 got into the open air un observed. I entered the wood, and made straight for an open bat deep welL Into this well I plunged the portmanteau. I then hurried on in the direction of the Glades. Now,, hew was I to effect my entrance into this house 1 I could come bodily neither to the front nor to the back door. I was neither footman nor gentleman now. I was a sort of hybrid between the two. I must, therefore, creep into my greatest friend's house as thieves do — silently and unobserved. Fortunately for me the night was a dark one: I knew the Glades well. I crept nnder Morris's study window, and saw that I had bat to lift the wt and get in. There were dogs about, bnt they neither heeded nor noticed me. I heard the clock in the stable-yard presently strike. It sonnded the three quarters past seven. When this sound vibrated on my ear I lifted the window sash and eatered the study. It was quite dark there. In a moment or two I heard the rustle of women's dresses on the stain. I looked through a chink in the study door and ssw Janet and Mrs. Trafford in their dinner dresses going towards the drawing room. Mis, Trafford was in creamy white, with a few deep red berries.in her hair: Janet was in her favourite light blue. A moment or two later I saw Trafford descending ' the stairs. _From the drawing-room, at the other end of the great .square hall, voices and laughter came to ma. Presently, there was a little hush of expectancy, and the crunching of wheels were heard on . the gravel sweep. There came a pause, which seemed like hours to me, as I waited behind the study door, and then there was an ontcty of disappoint ment. I distinguished Morris's chaffing tones, and Janet's reply, and even pretty Mary Morris's words of condolence: Not a sound reached me either from Traf ford or his wife. A moment later and the small party went into the dining- room. Now was my time — now was my chance. I must risk even the probability of being seen, and make my way in stantly to Tr&fford;'s bed-room ; fortun ately for me, I knew the house well. £ was quite sure that I needed no one to tell me what rooms the Traffords would occupy that night. In a moment I had bounded up the stairs, and iu a moment I had entered the room where I bad seen the Yimou. I was right in my anticipa tion. Alethea's things lay unmistakable about, and I recognised Traffords morn ing coat flung on a chair. In this room the Trafibrd's were to sleep that ntght. My worst forebodings were verified — my worst intuitions fulfilled. The old Welsh minister was right when he spoke of that Vision as a prophecy of some thing to come. The Traffords should not remain alone in the haunted chamber. £ looked around me anxiously. Where could I hide! Where could I effectually conceal myself f Luckily for me, a whim of Morris's helped me here. Morris's house was new, bat Morris wished it to appear old. He had gone in deeply for medieval furniture, and for wainscotted walls wherever they were possible. In one comer of the room was a large oak bureau, a great and cumbrous piece of furniture, and evidently put into the chamber for ornament, not for use, as the usual ladies' wardrobe stood with a large mirror against the opposite walL I ap proached this piece of old-world furni ture, and found to my satisfaction that it war Incfeftfl So far. mo mod. There was no fear of Trafford, or his wife, or an officious housemaid, opening the doors of the bureau to hang up dresses or other articles of apparel I had not come from Tower Hill unprovided with what might be necessary in case of an emerg ency. I quietly and deftly picked the lock, and forcing it back again into its place, I found that the burean contained a quaint cabinet of little drawers at one side ; at the other an empty space, which might be used as a hanging cupboard, bat was now vacant. I thought this space was meant for me. I found I could stand upright within this en closure. £ got into the burean, and clos ing its open door, held it fast from with in. CHAPTER xuv. I passed some hours in the bureau. During these hours X was not altogether without adventure, or rather, perhaps, without cause for intense alarm. In the coarse of the evening Mrs. Morris, Ale thea Trafford, and Janet entered the room. They were laughing merrily, and I heard Mis. Moms say — ' By tbe way, Atetnea, yon nave not seen our' latest acquisition — tins wonder- ful old burean. Jim bought it a fort night since. He won't tell me what he paid for it— something fabulous, I ex pect— but it really is a beauty, and one side of it ie full of the quaintest little drawers, all inlaid with mother oi pearl, in the forms of birds -and .flowers and comiUjfqliage. : I keep it locked, for I dw't want the servants to nee the other hatf .tostaw&way; ofld blankets and such like things. We are -going to , have jit fitted npwitiirehelyes,and .« glOss floor pntjm.- You woiildfilm to see timpabiqet ' 'Oh"! ''»a -Wetii'3mr T3mr% ore to btir tom toh Ato; seems to me somewhata wrimBtfuUyrhiltyihbm house. , jBnd_ niy Fare. wYisnbpose -Shi IbnxesujmnstQmit- \- ' ; > - - . -. ..... poor woebegone girl, your Jack will be here in the morning.' . The three tripped downstairs, and tbe chamber was once more left to solitude and "me. Ifound as the boars went by that my prison "was narrow and suffo cating. Indeed, bnt for a merciful knot of wood which had been removed from the oaken door, I might have likened it to a second black: 'hole of Calcutta. Through this tiny space however I could breathe— through this tiny place also I could see. Tbe fire blazed high and merrily in the grate when the Trafford's retired to their room. I could see them both distinctly, and I noticed that Ale thea's face -looked very white and weary — Traffbrd'e, on the contrary, was a trifle flashed, and his eyes were bright. Ale thea flung herself down on the sofa fn fropt of the fire, and wrapped a white woollen shawl closely round her so aiders. 'Tbe room is very cold,' she said. 'Were you ever in a colder room, Henry F 'It seems .to me, on the contrary, rather warm,' said Trafford. You are overtired— you had better go to bed, Alethea.' Oh ! I could notrieep so far from the fire — please let me lie on tbe sofa for an bonr ojb two.' 'As yon please,' answered her bos- band. He sat down by the little writ ing-table, round which I bad seen the girl rash in my vision, snd taking op a book began to read. In a moment or two the book dropped from hie hand, and I saw that fixed and dazed look coming into his queer eyes. I noticed also anoener tiling ; Ajetnea naa Been lying as If asleep, bnt now she raised herself and gazed at her husband. A look of abject and Intense terror filled her face— she glided off her sofa and came np to him, and tombed his arm. ' ILeory — Henry,' she whispered. . Her light touch and her words aroused the wretched man. ' ' Oh 1 my God — this agony,' he ex claimed. "Oh 1 AJethea, my poor, poor, poor darilng 1 He clasped his wife passionately in his arms.- - - 'Oh ! Alethea, if I could only die,' be said. Alethea burst into -weak and- feeble sobs. ' Don't cry ; you Irritate me,' said Trafford. 'Try and control your self, Alethea. A woman who has married me shonld have great Belf-con- troL Yon koow what I am, don't you, Alethea F 'Yes, Henry, I know,' she replied, 'and I will be all right in a moment, indeed I wilL' 'You would never conspire against me, or watch me, or hate me — would you, Alethea F Oh ! no indeed ; how can yon Imagine each a tbiog t £ am your wife, for better, for worse.' iranora passed ma nana sootningiy over her dark head ' as it rested on his breast. ' X am dogged and watched all the same,' he said. Alethea, I must get you to make me a promise. Yon shall promise me here and now. Look me in the face. Yon love Janet Moore.' 'Yes, Henry,' replied the poor creature ; ' £ love Janet Moore very deeply — I love her next best to you in all the world.' ' My dear — you must have one love and one only — you are united to a mad man, and you must give him your alL On the day that Janet marries Grosby you shall never see her again.' ' Henry — Henry 1 Don't ask me to promise tuaw eaoeii is as my suusr to me.' ' Faugh 1 Sister !' replied Trafford, lifting his foot and stamping it on the floor. ' Those little sentimentalities mast weigh but as a feather between my passion and your love. Alethea, there is one whom £ passionately love — she is my wife — there is one whom I loathe — whom I — hate. That person is the wretch, Crosby.' ' Oh I Henry,' sobbed poor Alethea, ' why — why — why F ' Don't ask me why. Stop crying, woman. I cannot stand your tears.' Mrs. Trafford made a violent effort at self-control, and to a certain extent she succeeded ; she went over and stood by the glowing hearth — Trafford paced up and down the room. ' I am dogged and watched,' he repeated— watched 1 There is no doubt of that now, the fellow's non-appearance to-night makes the 'tiling a certainty. I am sick of enduring. Alethea, why do yon look at me like that V Alethea's fern was as white as her dress. ' May I go and talk to Janet for half- an-hoor, Henry F she said. ' I— I am not sleepy — I am too cold "to be sleepy.' 'Go, my dear, with pleasure,' replied her husband, you may sleep with Janet if you fancy it' Oh 1 no, Henry. I will not leave you. I will come back to yon soon. Henry, yen are not angry with me, are you ¥ ' Angry with yon !' replied Trafford. ' No, you poor, pale child. I am not angry with -the only creature in all the wide world whom I love.' Dear Henry, said his wife, with a little wan smile, I will come bade very soon. She tripped out of the room, closing the door sofdy behind her. The moment she was gone, Trafford dropped ' into tbe armchair in which I had sat just before I had ' seen tbe Vision ; his face was to wards me, and I could watch him well through my narrow chink. At first he was calm enough, and I heard him mat- tering tender words about his wife ; then that change which we had all learned to dread came Into his face. It grew and deepened. Presently I saw him tremb ling—he trembled all over. . I ssw him take a book from tile table, and it absolutely fell from hie shaking hands. This stage of the man's terrible mental disease did not last long. His frame grew composed and steady ; he rose from his chair, and went deliberately to his portmanteau. He took something out of it, which he kept well concealed in one band I coald not eee It, bat I guessed it wasa weapon. Now, ehonld Trash oat of my hiding-place and save tile Womanwho was so soon coming to meet a feaiful doom ? I would have done -so— Ilonged intensdy to do so, but, in credible as it may seem, I was -perfectly paralysed. Not a fiager would move, not alimb would stir — T . -was absolutely rooted to the spot. . . Alethea came sing ing » . little, soft, -light jaw along - the pMtag- Her visit tojanet had evidently peered b», ahdabe kntoed Afre room 'Alethea,' said Trafford, coming opto her instantly, do you remember the-day I killed Laddie F She stepped back a pace or two ) her voice came oat in a low tone of terror. 'Yes, Heniy.' ' I loved Laddie j you remember that, Alethea T ' Ohl yes, dear Henry.' ' You saw me him F 'Yes, yes — don't let us talk of it now.' ' We must talk of it now. To meo like me there come moments when an io- vinclble and awful power, iu short a devil within, drives them to kill those they love. Their will has no power over them — their very affection is turned into deadly hate. £ love yon alone in all this world. There — there — yon most pay the price — yon most pay the awful price:' A shriek came from the lips of the wretched girl. She shrank in agony at Trafford's feet ; he raised his hand ; he was about to strike. No,' I Bhouted. In a moment I was free — the paralys ing influence had left my limba. I felt the strength of a hundred men as I leapt from the bureau and, rushing up to the maniac, wrenched a small dagger from his hand. He turned and looked at me. Not a gleam of reason shone in those terrible, light eyes. A queer and abject expression grew in his face, and then, with a shriek, he turned and fled. I ran after him. He opened the chamber door and rushed out. I saw people, .u 1 c_l J- : abbraciea u y cue awmi huuuub, vuuiiug oat of their bedrooms. Women in dress ing-gowns ; Morris in his shirt sleeves. I glanced back at Morris. 'The Virion — the Virion,' X shouted, and then I was after Trafford, who had bounded op the stain. He ran np and np, and I ran after him. In a moment I ehonld have grappled with him. Sud denly he reached a landing window ; he flung it open and leaped out. The horror and confusion which en sued baffles all my powers of description. Alethea lay like one dead on the floor, where she bad crouched at her wretched bosband's feet. I believe Janet and Mrs. Morris thought she was really dead. For my self I could scarcely give her a considera tion ; she was saved from tbe worst, others mnst attend to her now. My head was in a whirl, my poises were throbbing like mad things within my veins ; my one desire was to get to Traf ford ; my one longing was to ascertain whether Trafford was alive or dead. At last, in the conforion, I managed to get out. I ran round to the spot where Trafford must be lying. He bad fallen from a great height — coald he possribly be alive t Yes — he lived, he moved feebly. I looked at him, and he looked ou inc. lucre was uu ceuuiuuuu tu um glance. His eyes were veiled to external things. Presently, I saw that he gazed past me, and with an expression which seemed to denote that he saw someone else: The moon had come oat by this time, and £ coald observe each change in his face distinctly. His face was un injured, but the rest of his body was much mangled by his awful falL Iu a moment he Baid a few strange words. 'Maggie, is that yon I Yon are in white. You look breve, strong. Do yon cany a cure in your hand ; Is it medicine to heal my sickness % Sane at last — sane at last,' he cried suddenly, iu a tone of rapture - and then he fell back dead. l was aione wire c ruz nenry xranora when he died. - He had survival his fall exactly five minutes. OONCLUBION. " Just within a year I had completed my task — my mission being accom plished, The Virion £ had seen ceased to hanbt me. That terrible year waa over — its experiences were things of the past ; its horrors were at an end. I have tried in these pages to show something of what my sufferings were. I can only trust that no one else will ever share a like experience. I am a sane man myself again — in short, I am Jack Crosby ooce more. There may come a time when Janet Moore will obtain from me the whole love of my heart. I have but one thing more to add. Mrs. Trafford has slowly— very slowly recovered. I aaw her yesterday— she has the saddest face I ever looked at. The End. 