THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. A matinee performance of the " Lights o' London" was given by Mr. Rignold and his company at Her Majesty's yesterday. The show was given in pursuance of an invitation issued by "the management to tbe members of the Gaiety Burlesque people and other members of tho theatrical profession, a very largo number of whom put in an appearance. The members of the Gaiety Company occupied that portion of the circle usually dovoted to the accommodation of vice- royalty. The right of admission on the usual terms being open to the public, there was a very large house, composed princi pally of ladies, which was only natural after all. The play itself went with that smoothness common to it, the best line of the afternoon being Mr. Greville's refer ence to the "ghost walking," which set all the actors in a roar. Altogether, the afternoon was enjoyable. The first annual meeting of the District Licdertafel was held in ' the Parra- matta School of ArtB on Monday evening, . Mr. C. J. Byrnes, presi dent, in the chair. The report sub mitted was a most satisfactory one, and special referenco was made to the valuable services rendered by the honorary con ductor, Mr. Arthur Massey. The balance- sheet showed that there were 89 non-per forming and GO performing members, and that, after paying all expenses, there was a small credit balance in the bank. After Borno slight alterations of the rules the election of officers for the ensuing 12 months was proceeded with, and resulted as follows : — Patrons, Archdeacon Gunther and Mr, H, Tfijlci', M.L.A. ; preside Mr. C. J. Byrnes, Msyor 5 vice- presidents, Dr. Brown, Messrs. IV, G. Bladon, J. W. Baillio, and W. W. Bodenham ; cou- auctor, Mr. A. Massey ; treasurer, Mr. J, J. Brenan; secretary, Mr. B. J. Brown.; librarian, Mr. H. Sainty ; committee, Messrs. Spier, Moore, C'owper, Goodin, Davies, and Tettley. Another of those very pleasant enter tainments arranged by Mr. George Perry took place last night in the Temperance Hall, and notwithstanding the threatening state of the weather, the hall was crowded with a large and fashionable attendance. Mr, Perry presided, and Madame Godden accompanied the singers with her usual ability. The proceedings commenced with "The Mulligan Guards," by Messrs. Irving and Godden, which caused great laughter. Little Eva Murray then, sang " Beautiful Bill" vory nicely. Mr. Cowan Bang very creditably " The Old Brigade." A double specialty by Messrs. Poole and Walters fairly roused tbe audience. Mr. Stanley then sang " He is Alright When You Kuow Him" very well. Miss Watson followed 'with " Birdie's Dying." The " Old Abbey Ruins" by Mr. Gibb was capitally given. A specialty by Mr. Hayes followed, which was loudly applauded. Miss Neville cap tivated the audience by singing, in her well known style, "The Fisherman's Child," and had to respond by singing "Rot Before Ma." "The Mounted Foot Brigade," by Messrs. Baker and Symes, was capitally given, and caused great laughter. "The Light in the Window," by Mr. Daden, wa3 well sung. Messrs. Montgomery and Pulsford then played some excellent selections from the "Daughter of the Regiment" on two English concertinas. "I'll Tako you Homo Again, Kathleen," wa3 splendidly sang by Mr. Cashmun, and called forth loud applause. " Lovely Nancy Brown " by Messrs. Newman and Baker caused great laughter. " Try Me, Oh ! " by Mr. Symes, and "In Her Little Bed we Laid Her," by Miss Smith, concluded the enter tainment. 