DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A RobxANC By Q. BOOK L THE QUEST OF THE GREAT RUBY. CHAPTER V (COacTInED.) tELLB HOW THE oEOBGIO RHODOJARI GAVE EvIDEoCE AT THE ' LUGGEoR lN.' At last, towards noon, I dozed into a restleas slumber, but'only to see each eight and hear each sound repeated with every grotesque and fantastic variation. Dead Man's Rock rose out of a sea of blocd, peopled with hundreds of ghastly faces, each face the distorted likeness of John or the captain. Blood was everywhere-on their shirts, their hands, their faces, in splashes across the rock itself, in vivid streaks across the spume of the sea. The very san peered through a blood-red fog, and the waves, the mournful gulls, the echoes from the cliff, took up the everlasting chorus, led by one silvery demdniac voice lng ho ! but he wattlls for you I Finally, as I lay tossing and tormented withl this phantom horror in my eyes and ears, the sound died imperceptibly away into the soft hush of two well-known voices, and I opened my eyes to see mother with Uncle Lcoeday standing at my bedside. ' The boy's a bit feverish,' said my uncle's voice; 'he has not got over his fright just yet' .' Hush ! he's waking I' replied my mother ; and as I opened my eyee she bent down and kissed me. How inexpressibly sweet was that kiss after the nightmare of my dream I .Jasper dear, are yen better now Try to lie down and get some more sleep.' :Bat I was eager to know what news Uncle Loveday had to tell, so I sat up and questioned him. There was little enough; though; delivered with much pomp, it took -pometime in telling. Roughly, it came to this: A body had been discovered-the body of a small infant-washed up on the Polkimbra Beach. This would give an opportunity for an inquest; and, in fact, the coroner was to arrive that afternoon from Penzance with an interpreter for the evidence of the strange sailor, who, it seemed, was a Greek,. Little enough had been got from him, but he seemed to imply that the vessel had struck upon Dead Man's Rock from the south-west, breaking her back upon its sunken base, and then slipping out and subsiding i.. the deep water. It must have happened at high tide, for much coffee and basket-work was found upon high-water line. This fixed the time of the disster at about 4 s.m., and my mother's eyes met mine, as we both remembered that it was about that hour when we heard the wild despairing cry. For the rest, it was hopeless to seek information from the Greek sailor without an interpreter ; nor were there any clothes or identifying marks on the child's body. The stranger had been clothed at the vicarage, and would give his evidence that afternoon. Hitherto, the name of the vessel was unknown. At this point my mother's eyes again sought mine, and I feared fresh inquiries about the Mary Jane ; but, luckily, Uncle Loveday had recurred to the question of the Tower of Babel, on which he delivered several profound reflections. Seeing me still disinclined to explain, she merely sighed, and was silent, But when Uncle Loveday had broken his fast and, rising, announced that he must drive down to be present at the inquest, to our amazement, mother insisted upon going with him. Having no suspicion of her deadly fear, he laughed a little at first, and quoted Solomon on the infirmities of women to an extent that made me wonder what Aunt Loveday would have said had he dared broach euch a subject to tnat strong-minded woman. Seeing, however, that my mother was set upon going, he desisted at last, and put the cart at her service. Somewhat to her as~onishment, as I could see, I asked to be allowed to go also, and, after some entreaty, prevailed. So we all set out behind Uncle Lovedap's over-fed pony for Polkimbra. Taere was a small crowd around the door of the ' Logger Inn' when we drove up. It appeared the coroner had just arrived, and tne inquest was to beginatonce. Meanwhile the folk were busy with conjecture. Ther made way, however, for my uncle, who, being on such occasions a person of no little importance, easily gained as entry into the Red-room where the inquiry was about to be held. As we stepped along the passage, the landlord's parrot, looking more than ever like Ann: Elizabeth, almost frightened me out of my wits by crying, 'All handslost! All hands lost! Lord ha' mercy on us!' Its hoarse note still sounded in my ears, when the door opened, and we stood in presence of the ' cowner's quest' I suppose the Red-room of the 'Lugger' was full; and, indeed, as the smallest inquest involves at least twelve men and a coroner, to say nothingof witnesses, it must have been very fulL But for me, as soon as my foot crossed the thresho:d, there was only one face, only one pair of eyes. only one terrible presence, to be conscious of and fear.. I saw him atonce,.and he saw me; but, unless it were that his cruel eye glinted and his lipo grew for the moment white and fixed, he betrayed no consciousness of my presence there. 'The coroner was epeoking as we entered, but his voice sounded as though far away and faint. Uncle Loveday gave evidence, and I have a dim recollection of two rows of gleaming buttons, but nothing more. Then Jonathan, the coastguardsman, was called. He had seen, or fancied he saw, a ship in distress near Gue Graze; had noticed no light .."r heard any signal of distress; had given information at Lizard Town. The rockes apparatus had been got ouat, and searched and scoured the cliffs as far as Porth Pyg, but nothing was to be seen. The search party were ,returning, when they found ashipwrecked sailor in company with a small boy, one Jasper Trenoweth, in Ready-Mone, Cove. At the soand of my own name I started, and for the second time since our entry felt the eyes of the stranger question me. At the same time I felt my mother's clasp of my hand tighten, and knew that she saw that look. The air grew closer and the walls seemed to draw nearer as Jonathan's voice continued its drowsy tale. The afternoon sun poured in at the window until it made the little wainscotted parlour like an oven, but still for me it only lit up one pair of eyes. The voices sounded more and more like those of a dream; she scratching of pens and shuffling of feet were, to my ears, as distant murmurs of the sea, until the coroner's voice called-' Georgio RoodojaniL' Instantly I was wide awake, with every nerve on the stretch. Again Ifelt his eyes quoestion me, again my mother's hand tightened upon mine, as the stranger stooo np and in eyoftest, most musical tones gave his evideoce. And the evidence of Oeorgio Rhodojani, Greek sailor, as translated by Jacopo RoIt apoalos, interpreter, of Penzance, was this: ' My nae is Geergio Rhodojani. Ian a Greek by birth, and have been a sailor all my life. I wes seaman on board the ship which was wrecked last night on your horrible coJea The ship belonge' to Bristol, and was homeward bound, but I know neither her name nor the name of her captain.' At his straues ooening, amazement fell na~alL For myself. the wild inconernitr of this foreign tonnua from lips which I hovi heard atter such fluent and fluate-like i English swallowed up all other wonder. After a pause, seeing the marvellina ltok' of his audience, the witnes quietly ea SwiiGed-- , . 'You wonder at this: at Iu amGrk, aud canno, master your n ard names, I joinud the ship at Colombo, as the captain was short of hands. I was wreaked in a Dutch vessel belonging to Dordrecht, off Java, and worked my passage to Ceylon, seeking employment. It is not, therefore, extra. ordinary that I am so, ignorant, and my month cannot pronounce your English language, but show me your list of ships and I will point her onut to you.' There was a rustling of papers, and a list of East Indiamen was handed up to him; he hastily ran his fingers over the pages. Suddenly his face lighted op. ' * Ab I this is she!--this is the ship that was wrecked last night I' The coroner took the paper and slowly read out-' The James and Elizabeth, of BristoL Captain-Antonins Merrydew' ' Abh, yes, that isshe. The babe here was the captain's child, born on the voyage. There were eighteen men on board, an English boy, and the captain's wife. The child was born off the African coast. We sailed from Colombo on the 22nd of Jult last, with a carge of coffee and sugar. Two days ago we wereoff a bigharbour, of which I do not know the name; but early yester' day morning were abreast of what you call, I think, the Lizard. The wind was S.W. and took us into your terrible bay. All yesterday we were tacking to get out. Towards evening it blew a gale. The captain had been ill ever since we passed the Bay of Biscay. We hoisted no signal, and knew not what to do, for the captain was sick, and the mate drunk. The mate began to cry when we struck. I alone got on to the jibboom and jumped. What became of the others I know not, but I jumped on to the rock by which you found me this morning. The vessel broke up in a very abort time. I heard the men cry bitterly, but the mate's voice was louder than any. The captain of course was below, and so, when last I saw them, were his wife and child, but she might havernshed upon deck. I was almost sucked back twice, but managed to scramble up. It was not until daylight that I knew I was on the mainland, and climbed down to the sands.' As this strange history proceeded, I know not who in that little audience was most affected. The jury, fascinated by the sweet voice of the speaker, as well as the mystery about the vessel and its unwitnessed dis appearance, leant forward in their seats with strained and breathless attention. My mother could not take her eyes off the stranger's face. As he hesitated over the name of the ship, her very lips grew white in agonised suspense, but when the coroner read 'the James and Elizabeth,' she sank back in her seat with a low 'Thank God I' that told me what she had dreaded, and how terribly. I myself knew not what to think, nor if my ears had heard aright. Part of the tale I knew to be a lie; but how much? And what of the Mary Jane? I looked round about. A hush had succeeded the closing words of Rhodojani. Even the coroner was puzzled for a moment ; but improbable as the evidence might seem, there was none to gainsay it. I alone, had they but known it, could give this demon the lie-I, an un noticed child. The coroner put a question or two and then summed up. Again the old drowsy insensi bility fellupon me. I heard the jury return the usual verdict of ' Accidental Death,' and, as my mother led me from the room, the voice of Joe Roscorla (who had been on the jury) saying, 'Darn all foreigners l I don't hold by none of 'em.' As the door slammed behind ns, shutting out a: last those piercing eyes, a shrill screech from the landlord's parrot echoed through the house 'All hands loest Lord ha' mercy on us I CHAPTER VI. TELLS HOW A FACE LOOKED IN AT THE WINDOW OF LAiNT IG; AND IN WHAT MAzSNER MY FATHER CA3tE HOME TO US, My mother and I walked homeward together by way of the cliffs. We were both silent. My heart ached to tell the whole story, and prove that my tale of the Mary Jane was no wanton lie; but fear restrained me. My mother was busy with her own thoughts, She had seen, I knew, the glance of intelligence which the stranger gave me : she guessed that his story was a lie and that I knew it. What she could not guess was the horror that held my tongue fastened as with a padlock. So, both busy with bitter thoughts, we walked in eilence to Lanotrig. The evening meal was no better. My food choked me, and after a struggle I was forced tolot it lie almost untouched. But when the fire was stirred, the candles lit, and I drew my footstool as usual to her feet by the hearth, the old room looked so warm and cosy that my pale fears beaun to vanish in its genial glow. I had possessed myself of the 'Pilmrim's Progresr,' and the volume, a dumpy octavo, lay on my knee. As I read the story of Christian and Apallyon to its end, a new courage fought in me with my morning fears. ' In this combat no man can imagine, unless hbe has seen and beard as I did, what yelling and hideous roaring Apollyon made all the time of the light; he spake like a dragon; and, on bhe other sire, what sighs and groans bur-t from Christian's belrt. I never enw him alt ahe while give so much as one pleasant look, till he perceived that he had woundel Aoollyan with his two-edged sword; then indeed he did smile and look upwards I but it was thedreadfuliest eight that ever I saw.' I glanced up at my mother, hall resolved. She was leanung forward a little and gazing into the fire, that lit up her pale face and wonderful eyes with a sympa'hetic softness. I can remember now how sweet she looked and how weary-that tender figure outlined in warm glow against the stern, dark room. And all the time her heart was slowly breakiog with yearning for him that came not. I did not know it then; but when doea childhood knot or understand the suffering of later life? I looked down upon the page once more, turned back a leat or two, and read: 'Then did Christian begin to be afraid, and to cast in his mind whether to go back or stand his ground. But he considered again that he had no armour for his back, and therefore thought that to turn his back to him m'ght give him greater advantage, with eone to pierce him with his darts ; there fore he resolved to venture and stand his ground.' rI come on them in bed sometimes, and sometimes from behind.' The words of my Apollyon came across my mind. Should I speak and seek counsel !-What w s that? It was a tear that fell upon my hand as it lay across my mother'slap. Since the day when father left us I had never neen her weep. Was it for my deceit ? I looked up again and saw that her eyes were brimming with corrow. My fears and doubts were forgotten. I would a eak and tell her all my tale. ' Mother.' Somewhat ashamed at, beiogdiacovered, she dried her eyes and tried to smile-a poor piti ul smile, with the veriest ghost of joy in it. 'Yes, Japer. ' Is Apollyon still alive?' 'He stands for the powers of evil, Jasper, and they are always alive.' 'B.t, Imean. does he walk about the world Ilk. a man ? Is hereally alive?' 'Why, no, Jasper. What nonsense has go into yourhbod noew' oBecaose, mother, I met him to-day. That ins, he said he was Apollyon. and that he would come and carry me off if-' Half apprehensive at mr boldness. I cast an anxiouslook around as I spoke. Nothiog met my eyes but the familiar furniture and the dancing shadows on the wall, until their gaze fell upon the window, and rested there, whilst my heart arew suddenly still with terror, and my tongue ciave to my mouth. As my voice broke off soddenly, mother glanced at me in expectation. Seeing my fired starse and dropped jaw, he too looked at the window, then started to her feet with a shriek. For there, looking in upon as with a wicked smile, was the white face of the sailor Rbodojani. For a second or two, petrified with horter, we stood staring at It. The evil smile dickered for a moment, taring the white teeth and lighting the depths of those wolfish eyes; teen, with a fiendish laugh, vanished in the darkness. He had, then, told the truth when he ero mined to baunt me. Beyond the s?nock of mortal terror. I was but little amazed. It seemed but natnral tbat he should nome as he had threatened. Only I was filled with awful expeotation of his vengeance, and stood abhast at the onsequeneces of my rashoesse. By instinct I turned to my mother for pro' teetion. But owhat ailed her? She had fallen back in her chair and was still staring with parted lips at the dark pane that a minute ago had framed the horrid countenance. When at last she spoke, her words weie wild and mebaentless. with a dreadfuil mockery of laughter that sent a swift pang of appre henoiCo tO my heart. MIotber, it is gon. What is the matter!' Again a few meaningless a)llables and that awfol lanugh. And so throughout that second awful night dlid she matter and laugh, whilst I, helples' and terror stricken, strove to roothe her at d rerll her to eeech nid sense The alw hours dragged by, and still I koelt tiore hbr waiting for thelight The slow I!tck eaoded the houstr, and atillhhe gave no sign of understanding. The mice cept out of their accustomed holes and jumped back startlud at her laugh. The fire died ew and the candles died out ; the wind moaned outside, the tamarisk branchee swished 'gainst the pane; the hash of night, with its intervals of mvsterious e'ond, held the house; but all the time she never ceased to gaze upon the window, and every now and then to mutter words that were no echo of her mind or voice. Dayligot, with its pre. monitory chill, crept upon as at Iset, but oh, how slowly I Daylight looked in and found os as that cruel eight had left us. hapless and alone. But with daylight came some courage. Had there been neighbours near Lantrig I should have ran to summon them before, but Polkimbra was the nearest habitation* and Polkimbra was almost two miles off, across a road possessed by horrors and perhaps tenanted by that devilish face. And how could I leave my mother alone? But now' that day had. ome I would ran to Lizard Town andsee Uncle Loveday. I slipped on my boots, unbolted the door, cast a last look st my mother still sitting helpless and vacans of soul, and rushed from the house. The sound of her laudhter rang in my ears as the door ciose behind me. Week, haggard, and wild of aspect, I ran and stumbled along the cliffs. Dead Man', Rock lay below wrapped in a curtain of mist, Thick clouds were rolling up from seaward ; the grey ligbt of returning day made sea, sky, and land seem colourless and wan. But for ms there was no eight but Polkimbra ahead. As I gained the little village Iran downthe hillto the 'Lugger' and knocked upon the door. Heavens how long it was before I was answered. At last the landlady's bead appeared at an upper window. With a few words to iMrs. Bu.varguse, which caused that worthy soul to dress in haste with many ejaculations, I raced up the hill again and across the downs for Lizard Town. My strength was civin way ; my head swam, my sides ached terribly, my legs almost refused to obey my will, and a thousand lights danced and sparkled before my eyes, but still I kept on, no' staggeriag, now stumbling. but still onward, nor stopped until I stood before Uncle Loveday's door. There at last I fell ; buat luckilyagainst the door, so that in a moment or two I became conscious of Aunt Elizabeth standing over me and regarding me s a culprit caught red handed in some atrocious crime. 'Hoity-toity I What's the matter now? Why, it's Jasper I Well, of all the freaks, to come knocking us up I What's the matter with the boy ? Jasper, what ails youn?!' Incoherently I told my story, at first to Aunt Elizabeth alone, buhot presently, in answer to her call, Uncle Loveday came down to hear. The paii stood silent and wondering, They were not elaborately dressed. Aunt Elizabeth, it is true, wrs smothered from head to foot in a gigantie Inverness cape, that mighthave been my uncle's were it not obviously too large for that little man. Her nightcap, on the other hand, was ostenta tiously her own. No other woman could have had strength of mind to wear such a head. dress. Uncle Loveday's costume was even more singular; for the first time I saw him without a single braes button, and for the first time I understood how much he owed to those decorations. His first words were- ' Jasper, I hope you are telling me the truth. Your mother told me yesterday of some cockand-ball story concerning the Anne Maria or some such vessel. I hope this is not another such cass. I have told you often enough where little boys who tell falsehoods go to.' My white face muse have been voucher for my truth on this occasion; for Aunt Elizabeth cut him short with the single word ' break fast,' and haled me into the little barlour whilst the pair went to dress. As I waited, I heard the sound of the pony without, and presently Aunt Elizabeth returned in her ordinary costume to worry the small servant who laid breakfast. Whether Uncle Loveday ever had that meal I do not know to this day, for whilst it was being prepared I scw him get into the little carriage and drive off towards Lantrig. I was told that I could not go until I had eaten; and so with a sore heart, but no thought of disobedience, I turned to breakfast. (mT es corsmm?s.) 