An Impending Doom. CHAi?XXVIl! "have you PIlAtEl) to-night, 1)kh DKMONA?" Tbo oun wont down — a floroo and WrotliTul nunnot. Blaok and 'brar.on yellow llftracd in tho woRtorn nky; tbo Boa lay glossy and broatblosB ; tbo wind catno in fitful gusts until tbo miti wont down, and thon diod nut in dond and ominous calm. Ibo irucB in tuo jmrit Biuroruu nuu inuanuu — tliuir prcscionco oi coming storm ; inky clouds scuddod over tbo wrathful shy ; night foil on Lour boforo its timo. My lady sat by hor cbnmbor win dow, looking out at black soa and blackor sky. Kxquisito pictures, wondorful bric-a-brac troasuros, in laid tablos aud cabinets, ricbost car- potH and curtains, and cbaira that woro liko Ivory touobod up with gold, mndo tho room a miraclo of beauty. llooks and flowors— all of tho brightest and host — full-longth mir rors, a bijou of a Swiss clock that played lovely little tuuos — ovorything loro aud monoy comblnod could pro- euro was thoro to brighton my lady's bowor. Hut my lady borsolf, Hitting alone amid Ibo rose-coloured curtains, looking blankly out at tho monacing sky, woro a face as dark as that aky itsolf. 8ho bnd wasted to a shadow; dark circles under hor hollow ores told of slooploss nights and wrotchod days ; her cliooka woro lmggnrd, hor lips bloodless. Tbo bright morning dross alio still woracluug loosely around her wnstod figure. All bur bright hairwas pushod impntionlly off horfaco, and couflnoil in n not. Wlial did it mnttor what alio woro, ninco alio novor loft tho room — since hi oyus novor foil on licrV fto ono who had ebon lfarrio Huns- don, radiant as Hobo, blooming as Venus, daring as Diana, ' at tlio . memorable, fox-hunt of a Ultlo tnoro than a year ago, would ovor bavo recognised tlus haggard, pallid, wretched-looking Ijndy Kingsland as tbo same. She sat still and atone, gazing out at tbo drearv desolation of oarth and bearen. the great hnuso was still aa a tomb ; tho bustle of the servant' regions was far removed; tha gnawing of a mouse behind the black panelling, the soft ticking of the ley clock, (cmnded nnnatarally lend. The pale, £xei faca, the dark, dei- pKhTTig typh, wa strancely like that ntlusr yrtmi fore that had gored frem tin- tmuiirr l>nzidrm jodemg house hat ; two evuuiiigs bnfure. "dJuyhoump," Harriot thought, tnoUuipntthiilendonxwUigUi — "dark- cning/like my life. Km two month a vrifc, and bis love aud trum gimo for otct. May hcavuu piry nm, fur there i» noiiu ou earth '!" ThcrL' a mp at the dtuir. Lady Kiugahuul had ltoiruud to buow thilt , Hon, iiplu tn<— «hf bud huard it ufcuxt ; of iatii. A iihivor run over bur bur pub- iipi- cuniprusmid, bur fuue hoi cold uiid rigid up niurhlt. " Cmut' in," Hbt said, and Syhilis tuiltu'ud. Jbt did not pwutv f. the cbsed dwr ftp ucutl - the glidtfd nxselei rly wroH t be rwsi, and xh»2 be«;d« her. So like a ghost she came, her dead block garments making no rustle, her foot fall making no sound, her white face awfully corpse-like in tbo spectral light, her back eyes glowing liko a cat's in tbo dark — my lady shrank in absolute affright. " Don't corao any nearer," sbo cried, (putting out hor bauds. " What do you want ? "I bavo seen Mr. Parinaloo, inv ladv." Her tones wero tho samo as usual — soft, and molodious, and rospoctful. Hut tbo gentle voice did not ronssuro Lady Kingsland. "Well,' sbo said coldly. " Ho will bo thoro, my lady. At half-putt eleL-rn ta-niqht you will find your mother " slowly and dis tinctly — "waiting for you on tho tcrraco, down by tho shore." " Half-past olovon ( Wby so vory lato P" " My lady, it will not bo safo for you to venture out boforo. You are xeatchedl" Sbo sunk hor voico to a thrilling whisper. ( My lady's palo faco flushed vivid red an instant ' Watched I" sbo repeated, haughtily. "Do you mean, Sybilla Bilvor " I mean, my lady," Miss Silver said, firmly, "Sir Evuranl has sot spies. Tho. Hooch Walk is watched by night and by day. Claudino is little hotter than a tool in tbo bands of Edwards the valet, with whom sbo is in lovo ; sbo tolls everything to Edwards, and Ed- wares repeats to his master. A quarter-past elovon all will bo still— tlio household will bavo retired — you may venture forth in safoty. Tho night will bo dark, tho way loaoljr aud dismal, but you know it ovory inch. On tho stono tcrraco, at half-past oleven, you will find — your mothor awaiting you. Tou can talk to hor in perfect safety, and for as long as youcbooso." Tho dark-red glow— a burning fire of shamo— yet lit my lady's faco. " Have you seen borP" she oskod. "At tbo window of tho Bluebell Xnn — yes, my ladv, It is vory rash for bor to oxposo borsolf, too, for hors is a faco (o striko attention at onco, if only for tho wreck of its beauty, and fur ii- ih.uUhi.I'Io !'",!> of ddnp;iir. J'u'. uj ol.u leaves uga.u nu uuju, 1 daresay nothing will como of it." " VTicn do thoy loavoPf' "To-night. It appoars a friend of Mr. -I'lirmaloo's is captain' of n littlo vessol down in tho harbour, and ho sails for Southampton at tho turn of tlio tido— somowuoro past mid night. » It is a vory oonvonionfc arrancomont for nil parties. Hy-tlio- bye, Sir. Pnrmalco told mo to remind you, uiy lady, of tho throo hundred pounds," " Sir. Parmaloo is itnportinont. I need no reminder. Uavo you ony- thing more to say, Miss Silver ? " " Only this, my lady. Tho ser vants' ontranco on tho Bouth side of tlio houso will ho tho safost way for you to tako,and tho noarost. If you dread tho long, dark walk, my lady, I will bo only too happy to accompany you." A ntnro, haughty and angry, was all Mibs Silver's reward for thu, ' You are vory gcod. Idou'tin the loast dread it. Whoa I wish you to accompany mo anywhere, I will say BO." Sybilla- bowod, robukod, and tho darkness hid a. sinister amllo. Sbo had known what tho reply would bo beforehand. . " You havo no orders for ms, thon, my lady P" "None. Yea, you had better «oo Claudino, and nay 1 shall not require her Borvicoa to-night. Inform mo when tho Borvants havo all retired, and" — a momentary hesitation, but tdill speaking proudly— "docs Sir Evcraru dino at uoma this ovoning ?" "Sir Erorard just rodo off as I enmo in, my lauy. He dlnos with Major Morroil oiiu 'tho otlicors, and will not return until miduight, vory likely, ire is always lato at thoao military dinnors.'' "That will do— you may go.1' "Shall I not light tbo Tamp, my lladyP" 7 " No ; bo good onough to loavo mo' Sybilla quitted tho room, hor white tcotli sot togothor in a riporous clooch. " How she hates mo, and' how ro-. solved sho is to show it 1 Vory woll, my lady. You don't hato rao one- thousandth part as much as I hato you; and yot my hatred of you is but a drop in tbo ocean compared to my deadly vcngeanco against your hus band. Go, my haughty Lady Kings- laud. go to your tryst— go to your death 1" Loft alone, Harriet sat in tho doop ening darkness for over throo hours, never moving — still and motionless, as if turned to stone. to BE CONTINUED. 