MELBOURNE. Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] The day has been fine, and practically beyond this there has been’ little of public interest to record. Typhoid, the spread of which is a disgrace to every man and woman living in Victoria, inasmuch as it is the pro duct of sheer ignorance which refuses to be enlightened, continues to increase, aud 11 deaths out of 19 cases has been reported for the week, including one from Creswiekshire r aud several others from Newstead, Roches ter, Chiltern, Newbridge, and Castlemaine. Such a state of things as this is disgraceful. The father of a family who loses a single life in his household from typhoid fever should be prosecuted for manslaughter. Ten minutes attendance at any public library, ot ic default of that inspection of the boohs on hygiene, which any chemist who had a human heart under his rib3 would show him,, would prove that the man who admits typhoid fever in his family is unworthy of the name of father. There is nothing, in die whole range of disorders to which the human family is subjected by the conditions of civilisation so easily or so certainly preventable as typhoid fever. Those who admit it to their households will see the fairest of their flock' thereby cut down, deserve not commiseration, but punishment, for their crass stupidity. The simplest conditions—which every head of a family should be possessed of—absolutely shuts out the disease. It could not exist at all were it not for the filthy disregard of the public health evidenced by the exceptionally ignorant local hoards. It is my function to travel much in Victoria—l have only just returned from a dOO-miie cruise, and I con fess I am amazed at the depth of ignorance exhibited in the sanitary arrangements of the country towns, which imitate their frightful exemplar, Fitzgibbon-guverned Melbourne. If I had authority I could not sleep from haunting of the ghosts untimely slain, which the faulty system prevalent throughout Victoria, opposed to all know ledge, is producing. Surely it is the mission of tlie press to save life by emphatically de nouncing that ignoraucc of the local authori ties which ahmc renders the existeuce of typhoid possible. Tile New South Wales crew, which in tends to he defeated in the next aquatic contest, arrived to-day, and were politely ehampagned. They row in a boat by Don nelly, of Sydney, and will shape well, though the odds this year will he in favor of Victoria. A collision between a bioyle and a but cher’s cart occurred this morning in Lons dale street. The rider-of-the bicycle es caped with a shaking, but hi3 vehicle was totally wrecked. The driver of the cart did not stop to see what damage or injury he might have caused, but he can be recognised by several eye-witnesses. A paper, entitled “The Farmer, his Wants, his Security, and his Loan Supplies,” was read at a meeting, of the Bankers’ Institute last night by Mr Griffiths, F.G.S., F.R.G.S. He stated that the establishment of a State agricultural loan bureau recommended by the advocates of the farmers would be foreign to the policy of Government, for by the Go vernment engaging in trade (the trade of money lending) it would injure the markets of its traders, and the money trading in terest is the most solid one under its protec tion. The paper further set forth that the farmer’s security was an inferior one, and that there were large sums of capital in Vic toria which, was difficult to invest without the competition of Government. The banks of the colonies hold at present a sum of £20,000,000; on which no interest whatever is paid. This, it was submitted, and; ; not look as if cash was short in the coiony, aud with these facts it could not he admitted that the State was justified in. intervening. By means of abundant railway accommoda tion, good roads and other facilities for marketing his produce, the farmer could ad vance his security’ in value, hut it could never he mure than a second-rate security. These accommodations it was submitted, would be more beneficial in the long run than such an institution as a State Agricultural Loan Bureau. The classification of schools on the basis of attendance is operating against Statu school teachers, consequent on the influx of a large part of the population to Melbourne. The country schools are thus classed on a lower scale in consequence of diminished attendance. The system of centralisation is therefore injuring teachers in country dis tricts. It is also alleged that the numbers of teachers eligible for promotion is in excess of the number of promotions possible. Teachers of reduced schools must be trans ferred to schools of their, own class before those eligible for promotion can receive it, and a kind of deadlock has occurred on account of these traufsers in the promotion of eligible teachers. Some fresh legislation will be required in order to remedy this state of things. Sunday Night. The railwa}' employes held a meeting at the Old Trades’ Hall this morning, to pro test against the management of Mr Alison Smith and his action in altering the balance wheels'' of engines, especially the one which recently damaged the rails near Lancefield. Over 300 were present, and the meeting decided to admit the press on the understanding that no names should he pub lished. Some of .the speakers stated that the meeting was called owing to the depart ment having blamed the employes in con nection with breaking the rails between Suubury and Lancefield, which they con tended was entirely due to Mr Alison Smith having altered the balance wheels of the engine in opposition to opinions previously expressed by the foreman of the work shops and engineers of that branch. Other speakers said they should also go into the broader question of the administration generally of Alison Smith. They contended his administration was a direct menace to the lives of the employes,, and also of the travelling public, and that a board of experts should be appointed to enquire into bis fitness for the position held by him. It was further stated Smith bad introduced innovations which hail proved to be in a backward direction, and it was stated that the balance wheels of 28engines had,been altered and that of 39 more authorised before the first alteration was tested, and before-the Suubury accident occurred. The meeting alleged that under the Smith reyhne a- large number of trucks bad to be laid up,for re pairs which should have been in use- for grain traffic; and that men were working overtime to undo work of Mr Smith itv altering balances of engines. A resolution was carried that a hoard of; experts should be appointed to enquire into, the ad ministration of Alison Smith in altering balance,wheels, and in other directions* and also to enquire into his fitness for the- posi tion held- by him. The resolution- having been unanimously adopted, it. was. decided to forward it to tile Railway and that the delegates combine- to bring matters to a successful issue. ThomasShellard, of South. Melbourne, and Henry Greenwood, Collingwood, were out shooting at the Werribee, when. Gre-en wood’s gnu west of! accidentally,and shot Shellard nlead. Catherine M’Carthy,. aged: 21S* residing at i Little Lonsdale street, died: from the effects of “-Rough on Rats.” Ellen Lawson, ilgedlfiA,, a. resident of Carl tone has died in the hospital feom burns. A girl named Rosa Rhilli-js, aged 10, has seen run over by a, tram, ah Richmond and had her skull fractured. Charles EUiotit,. waggsnettc driver, fell out of his own vehicle- in endeavoring tc, avert a collision, with a tram, and was se ; . verely injured ip-the-sh-iiiuich. 