The Canon and the Ghost. I* a recent number of " Chambers* journal" the following interesting etory.is narrated by a canon of the Church of England. He says: " There is, in one of the midland counties, a fine old and rather cdebrated historical man sion, with towers, turrets, and mullioned windows. But, alas I for all its attractive beauty; it possessed that one terrible draw back with which so-many of our grand old mansions are unluckily afflicted—it Bad its ghost and its haunted room, which no servant would enter alone, even in broad daylight, and in which no one ever—or very rarely—slept. With the usual provoking irregularity whkb belongs to the whole tribe of disembodied spirits, the ghost was known to * walk* at the most inconvenient moments, always appear ing when not wanted, and carefully disappoint ing every party of valiant ghost-homers whenever.they mustered up courage enough for the watch. The ghost always appeared in the attire of a mediaeval mdnt-r-brown habit and cowl, ropc-ghdle, sandals, and carried a parch , ment roll in one hand. " About two jeanTago ItEappehed that the mention was full of visitor?, and amongst the last to arrive was a very welhknbwn:canon of the church, celebrated for his unflagging spirit* and sparkling, wit. 'Biifc every room was occupied. He was far too great a'favourite to be refused. "What was to be dobe? Happy thought—the haunted chamber! The canon, as a good priest, wouldi'of course have no fear of ghosts; and besides he would know nothing of the ghost as this waa his first visit. In this, however, the good host, was' rmVakpTTj for the witty canon had often heard .the story, and knew all. about it: , .Accordingly he waa com mitted to the haunted chamber. " Next morning, at breakfast,; no one ap peared with a brighter or happier .face, or | seemed fuller of high spirits and exuberant fun. 'It is quite clear,' thought the host, greatly relieved in his mind,' he has not been disturbed in any way.* ' " Next morning, and the next, and the next, he still came down amongst the early ones with the same light-hearted aspect which only those who have enjoyed sound rieep orpeaceful dreams can wear. The host's anxiety at length could stand it no longer, and he congratulated his visitor on the soundness. of his rest and quietude of his nights. But the witty canon, seeing his opportunity,. suddenly assumed a very grave face, informed his host that his fir*t night at any rute had been neither quiet nor undisturbed ! A sudden pause ' and a dead silence followed, as the canon proceeded to describe how, whilst he was lying wide awake, he -was aware of the presence in the room of a tall dark figure, which came up to tho bed. He observed that the figure was habitated as a monk, and carried a parchment roll, with which it appeared to point The canon ended by dwelling on its ghastly colour and its glaring, horrible eyes, as thoy shzme forth fceneath the dark cowl. . A dozen anxious questions at once ponred in upon the speaker from all sides:. 'What did you dor' * Did you address it V. 'Did.hespeak to you ?' ' How did you get rid of him V " 'How V replied the wicked canon. ?Why, very easily. I asked him to subscribe to iny schools and school-treat, when he vanished im mediately : and I need hardly add he has never honoured me with another visit, and I don't expect he will."' 