THE FATAL THREE,' A NOVEL BY M. E. BRADBON, Author of "Lady Audrey's Secret, " Vixen," " Ishmakl," Like and Uxmke," &c.;, &c.;, &c.; " BOOK HI. CHAITER V. ' Tlic liouse ami grounds were hi anch perfect order that there was very little to bo done in the way of preparation for the honeymoon visi tors. Even the pianos had been periodically tuned, and the clocks had been regularly wound. Two or three servants would have to be engaged for the period, and that was all. aiid even tliis Mrs. Dawson proposed to supply without going off the premises. The housemaid had a sister who was an accomplished parlormaid and carver." The under gardener's eldest daughter -was pining for a preliminary canter in the kitchen, and the gardener's wife was a retired cook, and would bo delighted to take all the rougher part of tho cooking, while Mrs. Dawson devoted her art. to those pretty tiny kickshaws hi which she excelled. There were peaches ripening in the peach house, and . the apricots' were going to be a show. There was wine in tire collar that would have satisfied an alderman on. his honey moon; Mildred's business at the Hall might have been completer! in a day, yet she lingered there for n week, ami still lingered en. loving . tho place with a love which was mingled with I rain, yet happier there than she could have recn anywhere else itr the world she thought. The chief gardener rowed her about tire river, never going very far from home, but meandering about tho summer stream, by summery meadows and reedy eyots;- and sometimes diverging into a tributary stream, whoro tho shallow water scented an excuse for wild flowers. He had. rowed .her up and . down those same streams when she was a child with streaming hair, and he was the under gardener. Ho had rowed her about in that brief summer season when Fay was her companion. She revisited nil those spots in which she had wandered with' her lover. Sire would land hero or there along the islands, and as site remembered each particular object in tire landscape her feet seemed to grow light again with the lightness of yoyous youth as they touched tire familiar shore. It was almost as if her youth came back to her. Thus it was that she lingered from day to day, loth to leave tiro beloved place. She wroto frankly to her aunt, saying how much good the change of air and scone had done her, and pro mising to return to Brighton in a few days. Sho felt that it was her duty to resume her plnco beside that fading existence, and yet it was an infinite relief to her to err ape from that dull grey house and the dull grey life. Sire ac knowledged to herself that ltor aunt's life was a good life, full of unselfish work and largo charity, and yet there was something that re pelled her, even while she admired. It was too much like a life lived up to a certain model, ad justed line by line to a carefully studied plan. There was a lack of spontaneity, a senso of per petual effort. The benevolence wliioli had made Emlorby village like one family in the sweet time that was gone had been of a very different character. There had been the warmth of lovo and sympathy in every kindness of George Cro wold's, and there had been infinite pity for wrongdoers. Miss Kaussct's alms-giving was after the fashion of the Pharisee of old, and it was upon the amount given that she held herself justified before God, not upon tnc manner of giving. In those quiet days, spent atone in her old home, Mildred had chosen to occupy lier father's study rather than the large bright <h.m ingroom. 1 The smaller room was more completely asso ciated with her father. It wbh here— seated in " this chair before the writing table, where aho " was sitting now— that be hail first talked to her ' of George U res-wold, and haddicussed her future " life with her, questioning his motherless girl with more than a father's tenderness about tho ' promptings of her own heart. She loved tho room innl all tiuit it contained for the sake of ' the cherished, hands that bad touched these - tilings, and the gentle life that had Ihcii lived here. There had been but one end in liis life, she thought, his treatment of Fav. "lie ought not to have sent her away," sho ' thought, "he saw us happy together, his two ; daughters, and he ought not to have divided us, . and sent her nwav to a lovolc-s life among ' strangers. It' lie lunl only been frank ami straightforward with iny mother she might have forgiven all." Might pei haps. Mildred was not sure upon < that point : but she felt very sure that it was her father's dury to have braved all consequences rather than to have sent his nr. acknowledged child into exile. That iaet ot not acknowledging her seemed in itself such, a tremendous cruelty that it- intensified overy lesser wrong, Mrs. Dawson understood her mistress's fancy for 'her' father's .room, and Mildred's meals were served here, at a Southcrlanrl table in the bay window, from Which she could ace the boats go rvy, Mrs. Dawson having a profound belief in the efficacy of 'the boat3 as a euro for low (pints. " .People sometimes tell me it must he (lull at the Hook," She said; "but, lor, they don't know how many boats go by in summer time. It's almost as gay as Boml-?treet. " Mildred lived with old memories in the flower scented room, where the Spanish blinds made a cool and shadowy atmosphere, while the roses outside were steeped in sunshino. Those few day 3 were just the most perfect summer days of the year. She felt sorry that they had not been reserved for Pamela's honeymoon. " Such sun shine was almost wasted on licr, whose heart was so full oh sadness. ; r It was her last afternoon at the Hook,.or the afternoon which she meant to be her having made up her mind to go back to Brighton and duty on the following day, and she had a task before her, a task which she had delayed from day to day, just as she hail delayed her return to her aunt. She had to put awny those special and parti cular objects which had belonged to her rather and mother, and had been a part of their lives. These were too sacred to be left about now that strangers were to occupy the rooms of the dead. Hitherto no stranger had entered those rooms since John Fausset's death. Nothing had been removed or altered. No documents relating to property or business of any kind had been kept at .the llook. Mr. Fausset's affairs had all been put in perfect order after his wife's death, and there had been no ransacking for missing title deeds or papers of any kind. It had been under stood that all papers and letters of importance were either with Mr. Fausset's solicitors or at the house in Parchment-strcet, and tlms the household gods had been undisturbed in the summer, retreat by the river. 'Mildred had spent the morning in lier mother's rooms, putting away all those dainty trifles and prettincsses which had gathered round the frivolous, luxurious life, as shells and bright colored weeds gather among the low rocks on the edge of the sea. She had placed everything carefully in a large closet 'in her mother's dress- ingroom, covered with much tissue paper, secure from dust and moth ; and now she began the same kind pf work ,in lier father's room, the work oLcemoving all these objects which had been especially his. The old fashioned silver nlstand, tlio well worn scarlet morocco blotting- book, with his crest on the cover and many ink spots on the leather lining inside, his penholders and penknives, and a little velvet pen wiper whion she liad made for him when she was 10 years old, and which he had kept on his table ever afterwards. She lookedfeound the room thoughtfully for a place of security for these treasures. Sue had spent a good deal of time in rearranging her father's books, which careful and conscientious dusting had reduced to a chaotic condition, N.ow every volume was in its place, just as he liad kopfc them'in the old days when it had been lier delight to examine the shelves and to cany away a book of her father's choosing. The bookcases were by Chippendale, with fretwork cornices and mahogany panelling. The lower part was devoted to cupboards, which her father hail always kept under lock and key, but which she supposed t< contain only old magazines, pamphlets rind newspapers, part of t-liat vast mass of literature which is kept with & view to being looked at some clay, and which finally drifts unread to the bourne of all waste piper, and is ground into pulp again, and rolls over the endless web again, and comes back upon the world printed with more intellectual food for the million of skippers and skimmers. Yes, ono of those mahogany panelled cupboards would servo Mildreds purpose admirably. ' She selected a key from ono of the b\uiche3 in lior keybox, and opened the cupboard nearest tire doo.. It was packed tight with army lists, new monthly magazines, and Edinburgh Reviews — packed so well that there was scarcely an interstice that would hold a pin. She opened the next cupboard. Sporting magazines, Black- wood, Ainsicorth, and a pile of pamphlets. No ropm there. She opened the third, and found itmuchmoro loosely packed, with odd newspapers and old Prayer Books and Bibles, shabby, old-fashioned books, which had' served for the religious exercises . of several generations of Fausaots, and liad been piously preserved by the owner of-tliQ Hook. There was room here perhaps for the things in the writing table, if all these books and papers wore rearranged. Mildred began her work patiently. She was in no hurry to have done with her task. It brought hor nearer to lier beloved dead. She worked slowly, dreamily almost, her thoughts dwelling on tlio days that were gone. She took out the Prayer Books and Bibles one by onci looking at a flyleaf now and then. John Faussct, from his loving mother, on tho day of liis, confirmation, Juno 17, 1835, Lucy Jane Faussct, with her sister Maria's lovo, April 3, 1804\. Mark F&ussct;, in memory or little Charlie,, December 1, 1807. Snoh inscriptions as these touched her, with thoir reminiscences of vanished affection, of hearts long mingled with the dust. She put tho books on ono side in a littlo pilo on tlio carpet, as she knelt before tho open cup board, and then she began to movo tho loose litter of newspapers. Tho orn iny Herald, tho Chronicle,, tho Sun, oven these woro of tho dead. The cupboard bold much more than she had expected. Bohind tho newspapers there were two rows of pigeon holes, twenty-six in all, filled — ohoke full, somo of them— with letters, folded longwise in & thoroughly businesslike manner. Old letters, old histories of the family heart and mind, how much they told to stirlhochords of joy and pain 1 Mildred's hand trembled as she stretched it out to tako one" of those letters, idly, full of morbid curiosity about those relics of a post lifo. t Sho never knew whether it had been delibera tion or hazard which guided her hand to tlio sixth pigeon hole, but sho thought afterwards that her eye mu3t have been caught by a bit of red ribbon — a spot of bright color — and that her hand followed her eye mechanically. However this may Jinvo been, the first thing that sho took from the mass of divers correspondence in the twenty-six pigeon holes was n packet of about twenty letters tied with a red ribbon. Bach letter was carefully endorsed M. F. and & date. .Somo were on foreign paper— others on thick gilt edge note. A glance at the upper most letter showed her a familiar handwriting —her aunts, but very different from Miss Fausset's present .precise penmanship. Tho writing here was more hurried and irregular, bolder, larger and more indicative pfiznpulso anu emotion. No thought of possible wron to her nunt entered Mildred's mind as sho untied tlio ribbon, seated herself in a low chair in front of tho bookcase with tho letters loose in her lap. "What secrets could tliero bo in a girl's letters to her elder brother which tho brother's daughter might not read nearly 40 years after thoy woro written? "What could thoro bo in that yellow paper, in that faded ink, except tho palo bm ghosts of vanished fancies and thoughts which tho thinker liad long outlived? "I wonder whether my aunt would like to read tlieso old letters," mused Mildred. '"iv would bo like calling up her own "ghost. She must have almost forgotten what she was like when she wrote them." The first letter was from Milan, full of en thusiasm about the Cathedral, and tho Conser vatoire, full of schemes for work. She was practising six hours a day, and taking nine lesson's a week, -fourfor piano, two for singing, three for harmony. . She was in high spirits, and delighted with her life. "I should practice eight hours a day if Mrs. Holmby would Ict'nic," she wrote, "but she won't. She says it would be too much for my health. I believe it is only because my piano annoys her. I get up at five on these summer mornings, and practice from 6 to 8.30, then coffee and rolls, and off to tho Conservatoire. Then a drive with Mrs. Holmby, who is too lazy to walk much, and then luncli. After lunch vespers at the Cathedral, and then two hours at the piano before dinner. An hour and a half between dinner and tea, which we take at 9. Sometimes one of Mrs. Holmby 's friends drops into ten. You needn't be afraid, the men arc all elderly, and hot particularly clean. They take snuff, and their complexions are like mahogany; but there is one old man with bristly grey lmir standing out all over his head like a brush, who plays tho 'cello divinely and who reminds me of Beethoven. I am learning the Sonate Pnthotique, and I play Bach's pre ludes and fugue3 two hours a day. We wont to La Scala the night before last, but I was dis appointed to find they were playing a trum pery, modern opera by p. Milanese composer who is all the rage here." Two or three letters followed, all in the same strain, and then came signs of discontent. " I have no doubt Mrs. Holmby is a highly respectable person, and I am sure you acted for the best when you chose her for my chaperon, but she is a lump of prejudice. She objects to the Cathedral. 'AVo are fully justified in making ourselves familiar with ita architectural beauties,-' she said, in her pedantic way, i but to attend the services of that benighted church is to worship in the groves of Baal.' I told her that I had found neither groves nor idols in that maguificent church, and that the music I hoard there was tho only pleasure which reconciled mo to tho utter dulness of my life at Milan — I was going to say my life with her, but thought it better to bo polite, as I am quite in hor power till you come to fetch mo. "Don't think that I am tired of the Con servatoire, after teasing you so to let me come hero— or even that I am homesick. I am only tired of Mrs. Holmby, and I daresay 'after all sho is no worse than any other chaperon would be. As for tho Conservatoire, I adore it, and I feel that I am making rapid strides in my musical education. My master is pleased with my playing of the Pathctiquo, and I am to take the Eroica next. "What a privilege it is to know Beethoven. He seems to me now liko a familiar friend. I have been reading a memoir of him. "What a &nd; life — what a glorious legacy ho leaves the world which treated him so badly. " I play Diabelli's exercises for an hour and a half every wonting before I look at any other music." In the next letter Mildred started at the appearance of a familiar name. " Your lrind suggestion about tho Opera Houso has been followed, and wo have taken scats at La Scala for two nights a week. Signor Castellnni's opera is really very charming. I have heard it now three times, and liked it better each time. There is not much learning in the orchestration ; but there is a great deal of melody all through tho opera. Tho Milanese are mad about it. Signor Castellan! camo to see hire. Holmby ono evening last week, intro duced by our grey haired 'cello player. He is a clever looking man—about five-and-thirty — with a rather melancholy air. He writes his librettos, and is soraethingof a poet. "Wo have made a compromise about tho Cathedral. I am to go to vespers if I like, as ray theological opinionsare not inMrs, Holmby 's keeping. Sho will walk with mo to tho Cathedral, 'leave me at the bottom of tho steps, do her shopping or tako a gentlo walk, and re turn for me when the service is over. It only lasts three-qnartors of an hour, and Mrs. Holmby always has shopping of some kiud on her hands, as she docs all her own marketing, and buys everything in tho smallest quantities. I suppose by this means she makes more out of your handsome allowance for my board— or fancies sho does." Thoro wore more letters in the same strain, and Castellani's name appeared often in rela tion to his oporas ; but there was no further mention of sooial intercourse. Tho letters grow somewhat fretful in tono, and thero wore re peated complaints of Mrs. Holmby Tliero were indications of fitful spirits— now enthus iasm, now depression. "I havo at least discovorod that I am no genius," sho wrote. "When I attempt to im provise tho poverty of my ideas freezes me ; and yet musio with me is a passion. Thoso vesper services in tho Cathedral arc my only consola tion in this great dull town. " No, dear Jack, I am not homo sick. I havo to finish ray musical education. I am tired of nothing, except Mrs. Holmby." Aftor this thoro was an interval. Tho noxl letter was dated six months later. It was on a different kiud of paper, and it was writton from Evian, on tho Lake of Geneva. Even tho character of tho penmanship had altered. It liad lost its girlish dash, and something of its firmness. Tho strokes were heavier, but yet boro traces of hesitation. It was altogether a feebler stylo of writing. The letter began abruptly— " I know that you havo been kind to me, John— kinder, more merciful, than many brothers would have been under tho samo miserable circumstances ; but nothing you can do can make me auything else than what I havo mndo myself — tho ino;t wretched of creatures. When I walk about in this quiet place, alone,, and see the beggars holding out their hands to me, maimed, blind, dumb perhaps, tho very refuso of humanity— I feel that their misery is less than mine. They were not brought up to think highly of tliemsolves and to look down upon other people as I was. They were never petted and admired as I was. They were not brought up to think honor tho ono thing that makes live worth living — to feel the sting of shame worse than tho sting of death. They fall into raptures if I give them a franc— and ail the wealth of tho world would not give me ono hour of happiness. You tell me to forget my misery. Forget — now I No, I have no wish to lcavo this place, I should bo neither bettor nor hap pier anywlicro else. It is very quiet here. Tliero are no visitors left now in tho neighbor hood. There is no ono to wonder who I am, or why I am liviug alouo here in my tiny villa. The days go by like a long weaiy dream, and thero are days when the grey lake and tlio grey Mountains are half hidden in mist, and when they scom all of tho same color as my own life. " I received tho books you kindly chose for me, a largo parcel. Thero is a novel among them which tells almost my own story. It made me shed tears for tho first time sinco you left mc at Lausanne. Somo peoplo say thoy find a relief in tears, but my tears are not of that kind. I was ill for nearly a week after reading that story. Please don't send mo any more novels. If thoy are about happy peoplo thoy irritate me — if thoy are sorrowful stories they mako mo just a shade, moro wretchcd tUan I am always. If you send mc books again let them bo the hardest land of reading you can get. I hear there is a good book on natural history by a man called Darwin. I should like to read that. " Gratefully and affectionately your sister. [?] This letter was dated October. .Tho next was written in November from the same address.'. "No, my dear John, your fears were un founded, I have not been iu. I wishT had been — sick unto doatli ! I have been too wretched to write, that was. all.' Why should I distress you with a reiteration of my misery— rind, I cannot write or think about anything else? I have no doubt Darwin's book 'is good, ' but I could not interest myself'in it. The thought of my own misery comes between ine and. the page. . " You ask me what I mean to do with my life when my dark days aro over. To that question there can but be one answer. I mean, so far as it is possible, to forget. I shall go down to my grave burdened with my dismal secret; but I shall exercise every faculty I possess to keep that secret till the end. He is not likely to betray me. The knowledge of his own baseness will seal his lips. "Your suggestion of a future home in some quiet village— either in England or abroad — is kindly meant, I know, but I shudder at the mere idea of such a life. To pass as a widow— to havo to answer every prying acquaintance — the doctor, tho clergyman — people who would force them selves uponmc however secluded my lifemiglitbc. To devote myself to a duty which in every hour of my existence would remind me of my folly, 'and of my degradation. I should livo liko' the. galley slave who drags liis chain at every stop. . "You tellmethatthetie which wouldbeasorrow in the beginning might grow into a blessing. That could never be. You know very little of a woman's nature when you suggest such a posair bility. "What can your'sx know of a woman's agony undersucli circumstances asmino? Yoit aro never made to feel the sting of dishonor." A light began to dawn on Mildred as she read this second lotter from Evian. The first might mean anything— ar engagement broken off— a proud girl jilted by iworthlesslover — thosenseof degradation that a woman feels in having loved unwisely — wasted confidence and affection upon an unworthy object. Mildred had so inter preted that despairing letter ; but the second revealed a deeper wound, a darker misery. . There were sentences that stood out from the' context with unmistakable meaning. "AVhen ray dark days are over " — " to pass as a widow"— "to devote myself to a duty which wouldrcmind mo of my folly and my degradation." That suggestion of a secluded life— of a care which should grow into a blessing — could mean only one thing. The wretched girl who wrote that letter was about to become a mother under conditions which meant life long dishonor. "White as marble, and with hands that- trembled convulsively as they held tho letter, Mildred Greswold read on, hurriedly,' eagerly, breathlessly, to the last lineoftho last letter. She had no scruples, no sense of wrongdoing. ' Tho secret hidden in that little packet of letters was & secret which sho had a right to know— sheabove all other people— she who had been cheated and fooled by vain imaginings. The third letter from Evian was dated late in Januaiy — " I have been very ill— dangerously, I believe, but my doctor took unnecessary troublo to euro me, and I am now able to go out of doors again, and I walk by the lake for half an hour every day in the morning sun. The child thrives wonderfully, I am told ; but if there is to bo a chnngo of nurses, as thero must be — for this woman here must lose sight of her charge and of me when I leave this .place — the change cannot be made too soon. If Boulogne is really the best place you can think of, your plan would bo to meet me with the nurse at Dijon, where we can takctherail. W e slin 1 1 post from h ere to t h at town. I am very sorry to inflict so much trouble upon you, but it is a part of my miseiy to ben burden to you as well ns myself. When once this in cubus is safely disposed of I shall be less trouble? some to you. "No, my dear John, there is no relenting, no wakening of maternal love. For mo that must remain for ever a meaningless phrase. For me thero can bo nothing now, or ever moro, except a sense of aversion and horror, a shrinking from the very imngo of tho child that must hover call mo mother or know the link between us. All that can possibly sever that link I shall do ; and I entreat (you, by the love ofpasfcyears, to help mo in so doing. My only chance of peace in the future is in total severance. Remember that I am prepared to make any sacrifice that can secure the happiness of this wretched being, that can mako up to her " "That can make up to her." Mildred's clutch tightened upon tho letter. This was the first mention of tho infant's sex. " For tho dishonor to which she is born. I will gladly devote half my fortune to hor main tenance and her future establishment in lifo if she should grow up and marry. Remember also that I have sworn to myself never to entertain any proposal of marriage, never to listen to .words of lovo from any man upon earth. You need have no fear of future ombarrassmcnt on my account. I shall never give a man tho right to interrogate my past life. I resign myself to a solitary existence — hut not to n lifo clouded with shame. When I go back to England and resume my place in society I slmll try to think of this last year of agony as if it were & bad dream. You alone know ray secret, and you can help mo if you will. My prayer is that from tho hour I sco the child transferred to the new nurse at Dijon I shall never look upon its face again. .The nurse can go back to her home as fast as tlio train will carry her; and I can go bade to London with you. Tlio next letter was written seven years later, and addressed from Kensington Gore : — " I suppose! ought to answer your long letter by saying that I am glad the child has good health, that I rcjoico in her welfare, and so on. But I cannot be such a hypocrite. It hurts me to write about her — it hurts mo to think of lier. My heart hardens itself against her at every suggestion of her quickness or her prcttiness, or any other merit. To mc she can bo nothing ex cept—disgrace. I burnt your letter tho instant it was read. I felt as if soincouo wa3 looking over my shoulder as I read it. I dared not go down to lunch, for fear Mrs, Winstanley's searching eyes should read my secret iu my face. I pretended a headache and stayed in my room till cur 8 o'clock dinner, when I knew I should bo safe in tho dim religious light which my chaperon affects as tho most flattering to wrinkles and pearl powder. " But I ara not ungrateful, my dear John. I am touched even by your kindly interest in that unfortunate waif. I havo no doubt you havo done wisely in placing her with the good old lady at Barnos, and that sho is very happy running about tho common. I am glad I know where sho is, so that I may never drivo that way, if I can possibly help it. Your old lady must be rather & foolish woman, I should think, to chnngo Fanny into Fay on tho strength of tho child's aiiy movements and elfin apnoaranco but aa long as this person knows nothing of her chareo's history her silliness cannot matter," A letter of a later date was addressed from Lowes Orescent. "I am horrified at what you liavo done.. Oh, John, how could you bo so reckless, so forgetful of my reiterated entreaties to keep that girl's oxistenco wide apart from mine, or yours, and you have actually introduced her into your owft house as ;a relation ; and you actually allow lier to be called by your name ! Was over such madness? You stultify nil that Has been done in the past. Yon open the door to questionings and conjectures of tho mot dreadful kind. No, I will not see her. You must bo mad to suggest suclra thing. My feeling about, lior to-day is exactly tho same as my feeling on the day alio nns torn— disgust, horror, dread. I will ' never — will ngly — look upon her face. ; "Do' you remember . those word3 in Blcah House—" Esther, your mother is your shame arid you were hers.' So it is with that girl and mo. Can love be possible where' there .'is this mutual disgrace? . "For God's sakoget tlio girl out of your house as soon as you can. Send hor to some good' school ' abroad— France, Germany, where you like, and save me from the possibility .'of dis- covery. My ' secret has been . kept— my . friends lookup to me. ' I have outlived the worst/part of my miseiy, and havo learnt to take some interest in lire. I could not survive the dis- oovcry of my wretched story." A later letter was briefer and more business like; ' ' "I fully concur in the settlement you propose and would as liof you mado tho sum £40,000 as £30,000; .Remember, that so far as money can go I am anxious to do the uttermost. I hope she will marry soon, nnd marry well, and that sho may load 'a happy and honorable life under a new name— -a name that she can hear without a 'blush.' I should be much relieved if sho could continuo to live abroad." ; This was the last letterih tho bundle tied with red ribbon. .In the same pigeon-hole Mildred found the draft of a deed of gift, transferring £30,000, India stock, to Fanny Fausset, other wise Vivien Faux, on her 21sfc birthday, and with the draft there were several letters from1 a firm of solicitors in Lincoln's Inn Field .relating to the Bamo deed of gift. " . ' ; , The last of the letters fell from Mildred's lap, as she sat with lier hands, clasped before her face, dozed by this sudden light which altered tho aspect of her life. . ' r "Fool, fool, fool !" she'icricd. Tliethotight of all sho had suffered, and of tho suffering she had . inflicted on tho. man she loved almost maddened her. She had condemned' her father-1 her generous, noble hearted father— upon evi dence that had seemed to her irrefragable. She had. believed in a stain' upon' that honorable life— had believed him a sinner and a coward. And Miss Fausset knew all that she had for feited by that fatal misapprehension, and yet kept her shameful secret, caring for her own reputation more than for two blighted lives. ' She remembered haw she hail appealed to her aunt to solve the mystery of Fay s parentage, and how delibcrately'Miss Faussct liad declared her ignorance. Sho bad advised her nicco to go back to' her husband, but that was alL Mildred gathered tho lcttcre together,- tied them with the faded ribbon, and then, went to hor father's writing table ' and wrote these lines in a hand that trembled with indignation "I know all the enclosed letters can tell me. You have kept your secret at the hazard of' breaking two hearts. I know not if the wrong you h&vc; done mc can ever be set right, but this I know that I shall never again enter your houso or look upon your faco if I can help it. I am going back to my husband, never again to leave him; if he will let mc stay. "Mildred Greswold." She packed the letters securely, in one of tho large banker's envelopes out of her father's desk. Sho scaled the packet with her father's crest, intending to register and post it with her own hands on her way to Romsey. And then with a heart that beat with almost too suffocating forco alio consulted the time table, and tried to match trains between Reading and Basing- stoko. ' There was a train from Chertsey to Reading at five. She might catch that, and be home — homo— home — how the word thrilled her — somctlmo before midnight. She would have gone back if it had been to arrive in the dead of night.. 