IRovdicu, THE RIVAL BELLES OF PARRAMATTA. A CHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST, By LAURA JEAN LIBBEY. CHAPTER XXXVI r. j A STRUGGLE IS THE DE.UJ HOUR OF TIIE j NIGHT. j It was the most intense qjoment of Inez Clavering’s eventful life. Guy Livingston had turned and left her with those terrible words on his lips—left her standing alone, 'speechless, powerless, spellbound, in the chill, blue night. Round her the wind was whining and. blustering. Overhead the stars wero •burning golden. The burnished clouds i had gone. No sign of any human .figure— i man or ghost—was near. Only the iir trees i stretching down the desolate avenue, and at the far end, in. the dimness, the high, white moon shining over the sleeping.; With a woird cry, Inez sprang forward. Never, no, never would she lend hersolE to such a scheme as Livingstone proposed. She had not sunk so low a3 that. She would warn Max Forrester. She moved forward quickly toward the house, but in her excitement turned aside from the path. Her foot caught in the entangling vines, and she was thrown violently on her face, where she lay motionless, like one strften dead. An hour passed by, and in accordance with his promise, Guy Livingston returned ; hut, much to his surprise and anger, Inez Clavering was not there. He did not see the unconscious figure that lay so white and cold in the dense shadow of the firs. “She is not here,” he muttered, with a fierce imprecation. “By that l am to understand she will not aid .ine in this scheme. Would she dare betray me to Forrester ?” he mused, with darkened brow. “ There’s no trusting a woman in an affair of this kind. But it’s a golden bit of luck that occurs to a fellow only once in a lifetime. No one shall stand between me and the contents of that ; Again he turned on bis heel, and cau tiously approached the house. AIL was silent within. Without there was only the sound of tlio night wind stir ring the leaves, and the distant chiming of some far-off clock striking the hour of cloven. ' There was a light in Max Forrester’s room. Ho must wait a little. It was quite an liour before the house was wrapped in a mantle of darkness, and quiet reigned. Then Livingstone, the trusted servant, took a latch-key from his pocket, inserted it in the lock, afid the outer door swung noiselessly back on its binges.. Stealthily lie crossed the dark, shadowy corridors, until he stood before the door of the small parlor connected with Mr. For rester’s sleeping apartment, and in which was the iron safe. It was securely fastened from the inside, and very deliberately the midnight mar auder s it to work to unfasten it. At last he stood within the room. Heavy velvet curtains shut out tho gleam of the. dark lantern he earned from the sleeping occupant of the chamber be lt was a long and laborious work open ing the iron safe, for tho combination of the-lock, as lie had understood it, seemed incorrect. Other means had to be re sorted to, and great caution exercised. The clock in an' adjacent tower struck one just as the heavy iron door flew hack noiselessly on its hinges. The first drawer, which was rifled in a single moment,-contained only a broken flower,-a small kid-glove, a woman’s pic ture, set in a superb pearl and "ebony frame, and a lock of gojilen hair. Livingston tossed themasideand opened the next, A quantity of papers and other documents where here, of.value to tho owner only, f Patiently, one by one, each spectacle was gone through ; but the large package of bank notes, the bag of gold and the Forrester diamonds, which wero known to he kept here, were not to bo found; a mut tured imprecation burst from his lips. Had Inez Clavering betrayed him ? And how had they been removed ? Ir so, how did he know who might bo watching him from tho dark, shadowy cornel’s? He gave a guilty start, glancing fear fully around him, but no form sprang out from the dark shadows; reassured, he began his search, anew, thinking that lie had probably over-looked it in his haste. This happened io bo the case. In one of the small compartments to the left ho found the coveted prize. In an instant he had grasped the large package of bank-notes. Hark! What was that sound? Still clutching his booty, he leaned breathlessly forward, pcering into the darkness beyond, then cautiously drew the slide from the dark lantern, flashing its rays on the velvet curtain that separated Mas For rester’s sleeping apartment. ho face peered forth from them. He was safe enough from that quarter. None of tho servants were likely to bo prowling about at that hour. Very intently he listened. Was it only his fancy, or was the sound repeated again ? So like a hushed moan of terrible pain, and a soft, rustling swish, as of some thing being dragged over the velvet car pet—nearer, nearer. .“What a fool I am to imagine such nonsense 1” he muttered, turning to tho window to throw it open with one hand holding the package of. notes in the other ; but again he paused, listening in tently. Tho strange sound was more distinct. He could feel, intuitively, another's pres ence in the room. Hearing the midnight intruder in this | position for a few moments, we will return I to Inez Clavering, whom we left lying j unconscious in the dim shadow of the | trees. v. For long hours, she lay there, with the I night dew falling on her face and on her long dark curling hair. Then slowly tho bewildered eyes [ opened. ! “Where am I?” How came I here? | And what is the matter wilh me?” she j moaned, pressing her hands to her throb* [ bing temples. Like a flash, suspended memory re j turned to her, and all that had happened | forced its way through her bewildered j How long had she been there uncon ! scious ? Was it midnight yet ? Had ! Livingston come, and, not finding her there, put, his terrible threat ifito exe cution ? i As these thoughts flashed through her I brain the clock iu the adjacent steeple j struck “ one." | With a desperate cry, she tried to raise i herself to lier feet, but the cxcruciat j ing pain of tho effect almost made her | swoon. | “I will retrieve the past by at least one j good action,’’she murmured, trying to drag I herself toward the house, j OnlyHeaven knewhowsheaccoinplished it, the pain was. so intense. Only the snp I pressed moans that came from the white lips now and then releaved her terrible With bated breath she crept past tho library, across the long, dim corridors, to ! tho room where little Flo lay, dreaming in all her childish innocence upon her little white bed. Striving with mighty effort to. over come the swooning dizziness that threat ened to overcome her. step by step she marie her way through tile child’3 room, guided by the dim moonlight, to the door of the little parlor beyond which com municated. with Max Forrester’s apart She meant to knock upon it, arouse him, and warn him of, tho attempt at robbery which was to be made that night. As she touched the door, toiler terror and dismay it yielded to'the slight pressure. He must have been thero before- her. Great God! had the robbery already taken place ? As she'crossed the threshold a sight met her gaze that froze the blood in her viens, and made her hearfAtop almoss heating. She saw the safe door standing open and the figure of a man kneeling before it. The light from a chink in the dark lan tern fell upon his hands, and in one of them she sawa large package of bank-notes Max Forrester had but that day drawn from the Bank of England. She tried to scream out—to utter a wild, piercing cry, but tho sound died away in her throat. She clung to the casement, her strang ling breath coming and going in fitful gasps: A desperate resolution came to her. The power of spefech seemed to have left her, but she would make her way to whore the man stood and grapple with him. The noise of the seruffle would arouse Max Forrester, and she might pre vent the robbery at the last moment, per-. Slowly she dropped on her knees, drag ging herself slowly, softly, despito her horrible pain, toward the man kneeling be fore the safe. One moment more, and she would be so near him she could clutch the. hand that held the notc3 ; then nothing but death should break her hold. 