ftiatlieretf Grain. (From she Telegraph.) For u soi-o tlirout there is nothing bettor than tho while of an ogg boaton stiff with all tho sugar it will hold and tlio oloar juioo of a louion. Mr1 Winans lias, it said, dofinitoly giion up possession ot 100,000 acres of toriitory whioh ho ocoupiod us doer forcBts in Invor- noss sliiro und Ross-shiro, this being more Ihtin half his sporting grounds in tho High lands. Sir. Arohibald Forbes, tho woll-known war correspondent, is slowly . recovering Ills lioiilth at Tallahassio, a delightful resort in Florida, whithor lie wont to roouporato after his fatiguing locturo tour in A morion. Tho movement for tho nine hours day has boon successful in Ottawa, bo fur as job printers are conoornod. No roduotion in pay tnkos plnoo. Tho systam has also boon ndoptod in tho offico of tlio Quoboo Daily Telegraph. According lo recont statistics tlioro are in' Frnnoo 279,370 upartmonLs, providing acoom- modntion for over 300,000 povsons, whioh rooms nro ontiroly dostituto of any olhor moans of admitting air and light than by tho door. In Puris alono tlio numbor of famitios thus lodged reaohos a total of 27,380. A groat doBtruction of fish has boen caused in tlio Rivor iidon, at Carlisle), by the bursting of a croosolo tank at tho goods yard of tho Midland Railway. Tho oroosoto rati into a small stream, which is a tiibutary of tlio Kdon, aud tho result was tho poison ing of many tons of fish, iaoludihg salmon aud trout. The pony riddon by tho late Princo Iiupoiinl of Franco wlion lio raooivod his "baptism of fire" nt BunrbrUok has just 001110 to a sudden ond. Aftor Sedan tho pony was bought by a . Gorman bnron, and was kopt on his OBlnto in Silesia for liis children to rido. Tho other day it broko itB log, and had to ho Bliot. A romnrknblo prosooution took plnoo at Liverpool rooontly, undor tlio Lord's Day Aot of 1070. Tho Sudors' Homo authorities wore charged witli a breach of tho Act by soiling a suit of olothos from thoir outfitting dopnrlmont to a sailor just ariived from era on a Sunday morning. Prosecutors wero trndo rivals. Tho sinumona wua dismissed, as tlio solo in this instanco was hold to bo an act of nocossity. Tlio Cl.iongo TViAinie is advocating a rovo lution in tho manner of addressing mail ninttor. Tlio now plan provides for tho rovorso of tbo present ordor 'of addressing ; iustond of tho person's nnmo coining first, tlmt. of tho county, followed by tlio Stnto, then city nnd streot, nnd last tlio person's name. This is similar to tho form ndoptod. by John Wnnnmakor. Tho proprietor of a hotol in San Fran cisco, tho largest in tho world, mnrried a wifo in his dotugo. Aftor his dcnlli a fortuno wns spoilt lo so(tlo wholhor sho wns logally tho deceased's wifo. Tbo court havo dcoidod in hor favour, and sho thus beoomos entitled to souio millions. During tho trials mid appeals sho and her luwyor grow so interested in onchj othor that I hoy booamo man and wifo before the case ended. Princo Bismarck's papor-mill at Hnmiiior- initblo" station, noar Vurzin, whioh was burned last yonr, has boon rebuilt witli every inodorn improvomont, and may fairly olniiu to bo tlio lurgosb of its kind in Germany'. The two machines alono oost 200,000 marks, nnd tho outlay on tho wholo ostublishinont is stilted to bo upwards of 1,000,010 marks. It is lighted with electricity throughout, and its daily production is from 14 to 15 tons. A firm in Oologno hns tho Boiling in Gor- many of a wator-proof packing piipor, in Austria, which is thought to bo suporior to parchmont lor protection against dampnosa and wot. It is mado lip of two adhoring shoots of pnpor with a ooating of peculiarly prepared waterproof blnok shollno on ono or -both sides. Tlio paper is ospcoially usoful' for pnoking goods to botrunsportod by wator, and lining of Ghosts, as tho shollaukod shoot is smooth, lioisoloss, and will notorack if laid in sharp folds. Tho French Sooioly for the Encourage ment of National Industry, with a view to inducing overseers nnd workmon to dis tinguish tlicinsolvos in thoir profession, and to cncourago those who aro markod by good conduot, have decided to award prizaB to tlioso wlioso oxporionco, zoal, and intelligence morit thorn. Bronzo modals will bo awarded overy yoar to tlio employes o'' all tlio largo industrial liousos. Each modal will b,. ongrn'vod with tlio namo of tho roooiver and that of tlio; houso in whioh I10, is ongagod, and will bo accompanied with a gift of books to tlio valuo of 50 franos. A Now York printer has invented 11 vory ingohiona combination of printing-press and sqvoral other similar devices, whereby hois enabled to print bnllots nnd punch thorn at niu iuiu ui o.uuo.uvu uu uuur. auu puper is run in full shoots, but it is out into strips iin mediately nf.or loaving the oylinder, wlienoo it goo.) through tho folder in as many strips as tho full tickots require. Thon tho strips aru cut into piooes tho size of a ballot, and finally onensod in a pasted on- votopo, in foan like a flat cigarette. Tho machine is comparatively simplo in con struction, anl is designed to hIbo print tele graph blanks, and do thorn up in pads at the rate of 10,090 or 12,000 an hour. An extraordinary soquol to the rospito of tho Cardiff murderess is supplied by the suicide of a local showman named Beokott. Tlioro had boon a greut difforeneo of opinion in Cardiff as to whother tho woman would bo hanged or not, and Beokott mado a hoavy bet that the oxtromo pona'ty of tho law would bo carried out. Upon hearing that tho sontonco of death had boon commuted to 0110 of penal sorritudo for lifo, Bockott soized a razor and out bis tbront so sovoroly that ho died a fow hours aftorwards. Pnpor doors nro made so that tlioy look liko polishod mahogany, but tlioy aro lightor and cost about tbo same as wood doors. But tlioy nro belter, because tliero is no shrinking, swelling, crnoking, or warping. Tho door is composed of two papor boards, stnmpod and moulded into panols, and glued togothor with gluo and potash and thon rolled through hoavy rolls. After getting a waterproof coating it is painted and var nished, and hung in tho ordinary way. Tho British Con 'ul nt Baltimore, in n re port on tlio oyalor fisheries of Maryland, says: In soma of tho lower oountios. down tbo O-ii'sapeike Bay, oysters pass as current money, and in oiie town, which boasts of a wookly newspapor, a largo porcontngo of his roadors pay their subscriptions to it in oysters ; thus the editor recoivos from 150 to 240 bushels of oysters yearly, whioh ho is forced to consume in his own family ; aud, ns oysters nro declared by tho faculty to bo the most efficacious in producing and ir, creasing brain power, it is to bo hoped that the subscribers fothnt journal get good value for t heir oysters. .. 