Obliging Sir John. At the annual dinner given by the French Club in Sydney, the other day, Sir? John Bobertson was palled upon to respond to the toast of " Our Guests." In doing so, the ancient buzzard spoke of bis own anticipations of a speedy demise in the following terms:—"I have now done my business, and my affairs are nearly ready. I shall soon be able to call you in and say to you,f My good friends, if you think I ought to die, I will die like a man/ " " Hear, hear," cried everybody present. Now, what <lid they cry u Hear, hear,'* for ? This par. relates to a pretty cute dodger of the police. A few years ago, a number of Rockhamptou tradesmen i were left lamenting by Robert Em slip, a gas-€ngineer, j .who suddenly mizzled. In January, 1887, one, "Robert Emelie, was arrested in Sydney, on a charge of having, in December, 1886, obtained jewellery to the extent of ,£46 from a Melbourne jeweller nemed Way. EmBlie was then admitted to bail, and speedily absconded. For the last five months, one, Robert Ken p, has been acting as manager for the Dunmunkle and Minyip Go operative Store Co., at Minyip, Victoria. A few weeks ago, a miller from Warracknabeal visited Minyip and recognised Kemp as Emslie. Kemp alias Emslie was therefore arrested again on 30th June. On 2nd July, the Minyip Court admitted him to bail, in two sureties of £100 each and himself in £200, and remanded him to Melbourne. Kemp's (or Emslie's) wife took a hurried departure to Coromby station, while Kemp himself also took tram for a place unknown. His bondsmen became alarmed and a warrant was issued for his arrest, but I have not beard that the spring heeled dodger has yet been captured. # # # " It's not my line at all/' remarked my Slogger. " It ain't like hitting out straight to say you like a thing when you don't. Now here have I got to go to a sort of masked ball serenade on the maternal system and all to admire a new- born child. Wouldn't mind if I Gould feel bis muscles or pat him into shape; but to go and say, 'Good afternoon, Mrs. , and how's the baby?' That goes agm me. It do." (N.B.—The Slogger had been asked to attend the christening of the first-born of one of his ancient cronies.) "Don't be an ass," replied the Sermon Man. " Just go and say,' What a baby!' It means every thing, and the parents will be satisfied." # # # Dr. and Mrs. Sugden, of Bundaberg, left that town on the 9th instant for a trip to England. Dr. Francis, toother of Mrs. Sugden, acts as locum tenens during Dr. Sugden's absence from Bundaberg. The latter was formerly in practice at Maryborough. Shakespeare is said to have locked himself up all night in Westminister Abbey when be wrote the ghost scene in '• Hamlet." A. Bbown, of the Grand Hotel, Maryborough, is about to visit- tbe old country shortly, and will be succeeded in his bonifacial duties by Mr. Turton, erstwhile of the Royal Hotel of that townj Wanted a kaleidoscope to picture tbe changes in the banks at Cairns. Kengb, of the Q.N., who has about aB pretty a seat on a horse of anybody in the Far North, is off to Beenleigh. Pictet, a descendant of Louis XIV. of France, is bus? shovelling tbrupences in the 'Asia at Towi sville. Bob Whitehead is away to Charters Towers for a well - earned holiday. Renben Nobbs, of the N.S.W., has gone to Port Douglas, after being a couple of years with Manager Barns in Cairns. Nobbs is a worthy son of tbe King of Norfolk Island, and brother to the Rev. Nobbs, who was the boss masher of Cairns in his time. Ask Alf. Martin ; he'll make you die laughing. Arthur M'Cuskeb, farmer, who was discharged as cured from the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum on 23rd May, demonstrated his sanity on the 18th inst, by twisting his shirt ioto a halter and hanging himself from the bough of a tree, on the Iron Pot Range, near Ipswich. His father resides in Roderick-street, Ipswich, and a brother lives at the Brisbane Valley Junction. ». Rev. A. M. Gauld, who has for 7 years officiated as Presbyterian clergyman at Red Hill, Gympie, haB left that district for Townsville. Before his departure, he was the recipient from the brethren of the Lord Dufferin Masonic Lodge, I.C, of a Past Master's jewel. BKs congregation also farewelled him with a complimentary tea-meeting, and presented him with an address and a purse of sovereigns. • , i -: ^ /oV. 