TBE B A 8 00 0. FfSOM OUB. OWN CORRESPONDENT. ] The weather continues to keep beautifully cool, die nights being still cold enongh for a bt&nket.; Bain has threatened npon several occasions, especially last evening, but a dust storm only resulted. The grasB looks realJy beautiful along the road to the 21 -mile bore, and for some distance on the Aramac road, , but reflections of biuh fires are still notice- j able, Thte afternoon the thermometer went np to 100° in the shade, the warmest day this month. On the 6th instant a man named Richard Hazlewood, recently employed on Saltern Creek Station, came into town, and put up at 'Lemjon'e Hotel, lie remained in town spree ing until the 2 1st, when he left the hotel. Lecnon, finding the pimi cone, gave in for* mation to the police next morning that he thought the man was not capable of taking care of himself. A constable was told olf to search for Hade wood, but before be had left the barracks a man arrived, and stated there was a madman at the *' deep waterhole ' (the fuur-tnile), who had stuck a pocket knife be hind bis left ear. The new arrival said that be had pulled the knife out and secured the man so that he could not inflict further injuries upon himself, and left him in charge of a mate while he came into town and g&ve; the alarm. Senior-constable Carmody at once went out and brought the man in. The Government medical officei examined him, and found a wound about an inch horizon* tally in the man's head, and gave it as his opinion that he had had a narrow escape. He recommended hie detention, as he was of un sound mind owing to excessive drinkinc. Hazlewood was brought up at the Police Court yesterday, and remanded for eight days. A case of considerable local interest, and especially to the members of the local Odd fellows' Lodge, came before Messrs. Francis (P.M.), and A. a Brown and A. P&raell;, JJ.P., on Friday last. The hearing of the case occupied the whole morning and a portion of the afternoon, and a number of members of friendly societies were present in the Court. Dr. 6. D. Willis sought to recover twenty eight guineas from Charles J. James, Financial Secretary of the Lodge, for the ^lamination of of twenty-eight candidates prior to the open ing of the lodge, and before a written agree ment was made by the officers of the lodge with twin. Denuded of an enormous ouuitity of extraneous matter,|the case is simply this : — Mr. James, with, a Mr. Howard, in April attempted to form an Oddfellows' Lodge ; Mr. James bad several conversations with Dr. Willis, who agreed to act as medical officer for the lodge. Plaintiff denied that defendant told hjm he would have to examine all candi dates prior to opening of lodge free of charge, while on the other hand defendant as strongly rnftj-itftipf^ that he had such an wnni g*m *?tt t and that Dr, Willis perfectly understood it Defendant also testified that it was customary in the colony for a wi^i**-*! num to examine all candidates free of charge when he was promised the medical officenibip of the lodge when formed. Dr. Willis did not make any claim until fire months after the lodge had been formed, and then it was made, subsequent to a resolve upon the part of the Oddfellows' to join the Hospital Committee in advertising for a new doctor. The Bench tuuuiimously dismissed the case after hearing plaintiff's -T-Hw^*Ti-jn''a:*Jn*1 of defendant j whereupon plaintiff gave notice of appeal. Defendant applied for costs, and expensei of four wit nesses, bnt only expenses of one witness were allowed beyond costs of Court, Mr. James not having subpoenaed his three witnesses. Mr. Eaatiake astUted Dr. Willis in conducting his case, and defendant conducted his own case personally. The first of ft. series of '* silver eociala ' in augurated to assist the Ladies* Benevolent Society, took place in the Town Hall on Friday evening, and was eminently successful. The audience was large and enthusiastic, and £4 13s. was collected. The expenses being light, a goodly sum will be placed to the credit of the Committee. The concert was provided by Misses Francis, Powell, and Ahem , end Messrs. ? Campbell, Francis, Neuble, Emerson, Hyland, and Shakespeare ; Mr. M'Derxnott gave a couple of his funny recitations ; Master O'Bourke rendered ' The Stowaway M capitally ; and the CkampU* Ministrels wound op the fun with *' A ghost in a pawnshop.' it is proposed to hold these spntiArt' n r^ pn t a fortuiEotly. Mr. A. J. Moody was aroused about 5 a.m, on Friday by a strong smell of fire, and hasten ing outside the B*nk. found the stable and other outbuildings in flames. He managed to save a portion of the stable, but a closet and a couple of bnsh erections were destroyed. The dunage done will be covered by £20. The fire was probably caused by rate gctming matches. The arrival of the 'Sandstone Commission,' with other gentlemen, on Saturday morning at 11 o'clock, took us all on the hop — as the saying goes. Had we been aware of the ex pected arrival of the special, some steps would have been taken to welcome our visitors to ' DuEtville ;' but as the party returned again at 2*30, we could not extend our hospitality towards those who so hurriedly came up to see into the quanies in this locality— of the existence of which we are ourselves ignorant. At the Barcaldine Police Court during the week several drunks and disorderlies came before the P.M., and were deposed of. Id its Small Debts Jurisdiction on Friday, Messrs. Campbell, James, and James obtained a verdict against L. L. Byder, for 1*10 19s., and full costs, for work and labour done. The Barcaldine Station laDab-fchearing being over, the men are all in town enjoying a good time generally. It is many months since 1 saw the town so busy as it was last uight ; all j the business places (hotels especially) seemed j to be doing a big business. Perhaps the proe- : pect of the line going on is giving the town a ] fillip. I Numerous robberies are reported, and the ! police have several men under close surveil lance. A man was robbed of over £60 on Friday near Vesper's HotoL I regret I unwittingly hurt Mr. Pascoe's feeling a fortnight ago by styling him *' Dick Deadeyc.' My informant gave me the nick name as the one Mr. Paecoe was generally known by ; I would be the last to willing ly faurt anyone's feelings. Pascoe u now doing well under Dr. Willie. ^ Barcaldine. November 2a. 