New South. Wales Loan. Ouis ircmcdinto rout hern neighbours sud denly sprang a loau 011 the London market. They had said that it would not he dono bofore June, and by ti ie Wind everyone not in tho secret was thrown off the scent. Tlio early floating of this loan is set down first to a very natural cause, and 1 ccondly, to . a very con venient one. It is said that tho Treasury iB running low, and as affairs aro now managed in Australia that is an ominous state of affairs. But it haB aho been alleged that there is a prospect of a -war in Europo. That is the most convenient stock cry ever possessed by Australia. Long after the United Stntes had been acknowledged by Great Britain to be a sovereign power those Statc-3 did every tiling in 'ease of a war ?with England.' Tho continental scare ia nearly p'ayed out. It has hung over our heads, oppressing ovr hearts with a mighty l'ear these five years last past. At first it wa6 a stalwart ghost, with real terror on its brow ; but now it is attenuated and thin. Still it serves a purpose, for by its inspiration New South Wales has been the better able to ask for a Joan. In which way that war ghost assists Australia to get theso loans is slightly obsonro. Eor if our generous creditors in England who .are supposed to bo as well informed as wo are, yet aro willing to lend us any amount of money and on good terms, in what way is this trans action affected by a prospective war in Europe. It seems that this scare doth protect too much. Our neighbours asked for £3,500,000: thoy wero offered double that amount. They said they would tako £102 per tliaro ; they will receivo £2 moro. Iu England there still is plenty of money, and its owners are willing to lend it to us. How it is that there should be so much money to spare no one \- xplains ? The population is now three times what it was at tne beginning of tho century. It is constantly being said that England is lapidly decaying in lier great industries; that her people are leaving her as rats forsako a sinking ship. Aud yet her population never before increased so fast, nor was her wealth ever before to great. What is notable is that slio does not appear to heed tho fluster and noise made hereabout ' cutting tho painter.' Of course, were Australia to do so, sho would not borrow any moro money of the old dame ; lliat would be mean imperialism. 