fflrumte,. Oval Football. Criminal delays. Bracing weather. Disastrous wreck. Zulu rebels routed. A red-tape tragedy. Star of Greeoe fond, Hammer and homing. England v. Norwood. Hounds at the Glynde. An ancient overlftnder. Forest fires in Sweden. Charley Hayward, B.-A. " The wonderful baby." Another cable to be laid. " The Christian Athlete." Plenty of cable news now. " Hamlet"—second nieht. The Thunderer triumphant. The Recordei—where is she ? Entree card and railway pass. Seventh Sunday after Trinity. Plenty ef fighting in Zululand. " Make it bet for old Forster." Ministerial end Marine mnddle. Conservative victory at Thanet. , v ,The Road to Rain"—Monday. Barometer at aeon to-day, 30 "00.1 New story in the Observer to-day. Pigeon-flying from Monnt Bryan. Not much sensational in tbe news. Yatala returning to Port Adelaide. The tread ef that Ghost waa heavy. That cable must have again parted. £200 for the Phoenix P«rk murders. Another Trafalgar-square scrimmage. Cathedral Choir going to Melbourne. Conference of Chamber of Commerce. Billy O'Brien is to have another trial. Garner's will be reopened on Monday. The Ghost walked in uotanu substance. Old Pope being got at by Cardinal Moran. Wanted, a definition of the word "bottled.!'' Australian cricketers doing excellent work.- " Onr Boys" licking the Britishers at home. German Clubhouse, Pitie-street, opened,. 1879. Nice lot of pictures on view at Vistoria Hall. What is the'use of the Marine Board, anyhow? Cardinal Moran almost threatening the Pope. More Russian treachery hatching in Bulgaria. England expeota every man to do his duty to- day. More proofs of ParnelliBrn's league with crime. Sixteen sntries for the Pigeon-homing Match. The lifeboat at the wreck when too late to save life. Australian National' Union is big on criticism. Horses jumping at Morphettville next Saturday. England's "Only General" again on the war scare. Novelties for Melbonrne by St. Peter's choristers. Rebel king Usutos routed by the military and polioe. What a time ths Norwood barrackers will have to-day. Mrs. Gordon-Baillie and her hnbby under lock and key. Next we shall have the "Mohammedan Mountebank." Case against Commercial Bank adjourned for a fortnight. Money coming in for the relief of Star of Greece survivors. Fete Nationale by our local Johnny Crapauds this evening. English and American traders boycotted by the French in Tahiti. Lieutenant Hawker is having a choice time on the Gleielg sandhills. Wragge's forecast unheeded—result, 17 lives and a noble ship lost. Skating rink in mud for artillery drivers while harnessing np to-day. Winegrowers want " Bottled in South Australia" labels abolished. Lord Chief J ostioe Coleridge justified the Times' criticism in re O'DonnelL Some one bmndered over the Star of Greece and showed more foot than brains. The reign of terror commenced in France by the destrnotion of the Baitil*, 1789. Takes over five hours of a big think before action is decided on; then it is too late. Sun rose at 7.8 a.m.; sets at 5.4 p.m. Moon rose at 10 24 a. m.; sets at 10.7 p.m. Rattling entertainment at last night's meeting of the Australian Natives' Union. The opening chapters ;of 5 new story by the author of " She" in this day's Observer. Some old and many yonng colonists should gather useful information from Pioneer Barry's lectures. Doubts as to the death of Hamlet's Father —bis Ghost, anyhow, was unusually substantial—a well-fed fellow. Yesterday's meeting of Adelaide shareholder willing to give Broken Hill Directors £1,&00 per annum and expenses. That fund was started with a guinea from " G." Plenty mors may well follow so good an example and " gee" likewise. There are old as well as new bottles, but in the Crnmbman's opinion the old onesaland the liquor better than the new. Invitation cards to the Melbonrne Exhibition will frank yon over the Victorian railways as well as pass you into the Exhibition. If the Marine Board or Ministry had been aboard that craft eome folks ashore would have had every tub in Port down to save their carcasses. Will some Minister, or other M.P. who i<• interested in our Militia, take a walk behind the police barracks this afternoon;, the. dirtiest mud warranted. Quotation fpr July 14 The purest treasure mortal times aS jrd' Is spotless reputatii n. Richard IL Quotation for July 15:— Forbear to judge, lor we are sinners all. Henry Jl„ Part 2. It is said that the Dutch are entertaining the grand engineering idea of pumping out and dyking off the waters of the Znyder Zee, and of thns recovering from the oeean the vast area submerged by the latter 500 yearsago. The Emperor of Brazil Is a frequent contributor of articles to scientific magazines. For these he alwajt makes It a point to take the regular payment. The money thus earned he presents to an orphanage in hiB capital. The Detert of Sahara has been largely reclaimed by French enterprise. Forty-three oases have been created, having 13.900 inhabitants, 130,000 forest trees, and 100,030 fruit-trees. The tall«Bt man in America is Henry Alexander Cooper, a saloon keeper in Buffalo,. New York State. He stands 8 ft. 2 in. in height, and weighs 350 lb. His hand measures 13 inches, and his foot 17 Inches in length. Marie Anne Charlotte Corday d'Armans, "the Angel of Assassination," stabbed the infamous Marat to the heart, and " remained •aim and tranquil as the priestess before thealtar" amidst the tumnlt and confusion that followed. The faot of the cable having been fished up and then gone wrong again reoallB an incident In the history of the Atlantic Cable. On. one occasion the cable stopped speaking, and after a long time the repairing Bteamer succeeded in pioking np the endB and bringing th<m on deok. Of course there was any amount of grog and cheering, e,nd in th3 excitement the ends slipped overboard Again. Great was the consternation on board, but they ware reoovered, and before any mors grog was served out special care was token: hat there waa no chance of the ends going over' oard a second time, " Dynamograph" is the name of a new typewriter, aotnated by electricity, which has been invented in America. The type-writer resembles those already in use, but is worked by the electric enrrent; and it oan, it Is said, be utilized as a sending and receiving telegraph instrument. It is proposed to use it in place of the telephone, as it gives a print3d message, whioh can be received, although no one is present at the time to take it down. T e despatches are printed in the form of a letter, and not on the moving tape used in the Exohange and Hughes printing telegraphs. 