The Story of the Gold Jacobus. \- - I.ws u-} _i gnrthwrdi. Iin a ost- 1 S-- comwrtmant of one of the comfortable c . c"tira the London and North-Western I Cliway.Cmp y. ; -. t ,'hiere was but one other traveller in the am rtoant with me, and at firstI took t litlea mnotice of him, having a ertain t aeount of liteature in-the shape of paper. I S and .miseineato get trough I but after an t .k e orso I got tred of this ocupation, a S:"d?ti gaa to look about me. e Wowere flying through the countryat a . g atpas, tand the landscape flitted by the I . ?bdows In away that made it tiresome toc watch so after a while I fell to contempla aipared to be a min t middle age, 'l?athLs hairoa monstachbe s plenl-n. S fil- strekNed with gray that lt minh£ have I :lo:: k older than he really was. His face \- a handoren one, and e one respect was remarkable, for It'wore what I may tem a I e. wgi leok,- s if its poeeesorLh : perl nobed a sudden-frlght at some time or 'anmother from which h had never quite' re- s : .w' vered. S was .well and quietly dressed, his whole appoearao being that of an hiteUi- .] n. t;well-bred gentleman, and, indeed,:his i deok were mso attractive that I felt a strong r disposition to enter into conversation with a inm.- e I" think hi notioed this, for he put down the paper he was reading and made some casual observation, and with this introduc. doetion the conversation soon became brik. We had many eubjects'in common; I found, and from one to another we passed t till we casm-why, or wherefore, I know f S o -to the supernatural. I was led to ex- t press my disbelief in it, In its main featured, sad lre I found .my companion and I dif .?red materially.. 1He became graver ashe i ahrcshed. andapve his ideas with a eriousness a pi me" .. '- e ,t . rfaghingly, 1 exclainmed, e 'Wtit? i i dllvery well talking aboInt goioit but f sheld feel fa~rmore inclined as bheleye in them were I to see one ne myself, c : st wn meetiome ona who had seen conel" S Ie t"oo smiled, and detiching a gold c .edr whleb wis hanging from his watch c ~, ha? ded ft to me and begged me to I did so, he wetching me all the time, and 3 bating tnoI knowledgef olm.e I recog?sseed \- k n.a'. dI jiaooSue" of the reign of the S frst tJinee. . . "You wire' u?aag just now that you world be mre inclined to believe in the I s: maesaturl if you met some one who had Mena ghost," he said. "Supposing I-were c to say that I were such a person ? That i fa n has an old history, and I should rather \- like totell itto you, but 'e' the story is all ' about'myelf I am afraid perhaps it might If wea : r you." - I I sevured him, on the contrary, that I It shr?id 'like to hear It of all things; and l \- then, pslag for a few secords to think, he \- told : 'so the folloering exti?ordinary nar- ca Antive ," * S ome few years.ao I.was making a walking tour through ?North Wales: \- "It was lateies the afternoon of. a glor. I S e- autumin day, and I intended endlog op S.with. - asimile walk over the hills-to a little= vllale, y a ot well known to the. ordinary tourst, but where I ?ss giveon to under staqd that very fair board and lodging was to ?oobtaiied. . . . ":At firit I foind the ath easily enough, and'followed it into the wood. For a time e all went well, but as I mounted higher the track became les easy to make out, for the d : a.ded leaves which already. at. that season were falling in'profusion, lay thickly strewn i I - ver it, thereby rendering it scarcely din IV pgolshable froentherest of the wood. "At length, when an hour and more had gone'tiy, and I did not get clear of the wood, I began to think that I mustharve tst my way. "To'my relief it presently became lighter. ahead, and through a break.I could make' ut something of the distant landscape.. "Ilincreased my pace, and in a few seconds found myself in the full evening i tht. "At once I reoognised the fact that I must have lost my way. "I cast about me for a shelter, and at 4,; ]hngth cme euddenly upon a rey atonet ". funring the angle of a buildmg, which, till that momelt, had been hidden from me by a elomp of sombre yew trees. 'A piece of lack, this,' thought I. ' Here, at any rate, is a night's lodglig, and possibly some thlog besides ; bqt when I looked again I oounl see no smoke sdting from the quaint, old-fashioned chimneys, and though for a few seconds I listened attentively I failed to detect- any sound -proceeding from the Sbuildinag.. " "A high wall, ivy-mantled, ran from the o Sside of the house, and an archway had been constructed in it opposite to where I stood. t : I eromsed dyer to this archway through tall P overgrown weds - and long grass to fid a that it wae closed by a rustic iron gate, but t the gate as I tried it yielded to my pressure, h . adfalli?wards with aloud olang, so saring v a large owl from his lair in the ivy that he wept by'me uttering a euccetsion of startled I ? 1 es. To tell the honest truth, I was be- a II A have a feeling that thenrewan b no togeter ' anny' about, this t, -nn . h obssa Itself wa gabled, but- its :re bste Wus ote herpinL plain. The win ewe? n 0 Ilioned d had been diamond ti p eed, but the glass a. moetly gao, and .i ple,- ?a~. thefiegmqots of the ctting m eulangd. The doorway receded somewhat tl om'the faes of t houne, and to my atin. I saw that the door it#d, of masi ve tck L?added with great nDils half open. "As I looped suddenly the sky became overeset, and. without warning, for I had a t noticed how'the clouds had gathered, a vivid flash of lightning lit up the sky and cl ¢t" minated the whole house. And in that Instent I eseght sight of enterthe poreh I-felt positide that I uwthe .:lgum of a mao standing in the doorway I 'One ha.nd rested upon the door, th l \- other was out pcd, anrod with his.head n lightly inoe'lnd he seamed by his attitode to Inrvlting emoto eater. P a g-eaS led p?aked head nd moustache of s"tlaqn cut, bet his eprosion I did not likeB, : - -fo' .ehagh he greeted me with what wa ll meant t~m? .o be a smile of welnome his fac wer a cn.nin look that bespoke treachery. d : -was esurpresd tonotlce t?t he wan clothed . +o "n gnament after the fashion of the early I rather to the period of El?ztaeth or the rint \- ima thainto our own time,. t . "Furs moment I hestitated, but asthe 1 Srai, commenoad to fall briskly I ran up 1 thie l? asd peeed through the doorway itote small stone hall. . \- The figure bad.ddipparerd . but. an I I entered I thougit that I hb t a low Inogh I :.? e through the buildingo and again for an I instaant the me edieagreenble feeling came S- ov?trme. I-looked round quickl, b ut noth b- . intg ws tabeosen. I us fortunately provided [ * w1i"a small tareiling lamp and matche Ie \- Io leiotno l{iu in railing a light, and then I : .by thalamps lays I tok a trial srer It \- .wa elcerthat my fancy molt hare played .melIrick, fornomonly wethe tall empty, ] ..:i bhtl'eonld seet a glance that the hor1a -hal'Oct bea occupied for a very long time I : Th Sour of the hail, thickl ov"er+d with the dust of sge, was of stone, while the I walli were panelled with dark oak. At one e end a great open fireplace stood almost 1 choked up with rubbish, and on the right ! hadd'eid a sarro' sta~lrcsb with ancient 1 carved balnstrades led -to the next floor. I Three or four doors opened into the hall, and the hindle of one' of :them I turhed and with difficulty forced the door open. Hold- 1 ing my lamp high above my head. I entered | the room, as 1. did so scaring a party of rats I from the floor so that they scuttled" away to 1 their holes in wild alarm, making me jump almost as much as I made them. "The room I had entered was-long and low rooted. It was lighted by three windows, two being at the side, the other at the far end of the room in a kind.of alcove opened out on to the glade before the wood and formed a garden ehtrance to the room. I 1 tassnrprised to see shit this room contained several pieces of old furniture-a heavy rak table, a few chairp, and acrude squere- backed sofa orsettle such; as our ancestors loved S(and even certain persons in our own day love) to make themselves uncomfortable in. .: "The walls were panelled,.bit. in several places they bore traces of decay, as did also the floor and the ceiling. " There was the same kind of open grate as in in-the ball, but on a smaller scale, and "I thought by clearing out the rubbish which here too had fallen from the chimney I might raise a fire and make myself as much at home under the circumstances as was pos. sible.' "I set the lamp on the table and went I out of doors in searchof fuel. . " The storm had passed off now, and the moon, shining pleasantly through the shift ing clouds, glistened upon-the leaves which therain had just sprinkled. .Without going far I found what I wantqd, and soon re turned to the house laden with an armful of dead wood. Bat to light it moist as it was, was pot so easy, and it was some time before J itcould be got to burn. At3asetits hiasings and splutterings became less;demonstrative; and .a, good. blaze roared: up the chimney, .castig a ruddy 'glow to the-"arthest corner of the room. - " I felt now if-I had only something to console the ' inner man 'I could be content. The warmth and glow of the fire were quite eheering, and I drewthe rickety old sofa I close nup to the fire; and propping my head with my knapsack demolished my biscuits and commenced preparations for the pips of peace. Uqder.its soothing influence I lic. gan to feet quite resigned, and gazing com Sposedly into the Rames'I set to work to con jure up -a history for the former'dwellers in this place. I tried to imagine the roadst peopled again with Ignres in the quaint cbst?mo -of -three centuries ago - figures dressed after the fashion of that queer- look iog old fellow I thought I had seen greeting me in the doorway. -" By the' way, what odd tricks one's fancy sometimes plays I , But I must not go [ on thinking and dreaming in this way or [ tlicre-will be-no end to the queer people I hll1l e Il And so my tboghts ran on. The smoke : rolled unceasingly up the chimney, and asiI watched it through the vapour of-my own pipe-thefe stole over me a soft dreaminess and -I closed iy"'yeos. _Cllnkclink-.. - awoke suddenly.- -Th ire-hidl died do'wn, and only- a--few 'hot embers bhvmed in '-tb gratei yet-there was pfedty of 'light ih the room, for the moor. was streaming id through'the casement wllt remarkable brilliancy: Clink2-clink- clink. The sounll was quite distinct this timen 'I raised myself to-look. :Icould iis'inksish " nothing at'frst, but as the sound- seemed : eoiee- frqm.the long window is the alcove, I glanced towards it, and then I plainly. saw a dark ebaolo acrom the window. - " Sme one was trying to f6rce their way into the room, but irwho could it be-for it was birdly llkel robbers would select this empty place r :I felt cirious to see' what would " Presently the fastenings gave, theu win. dow slowly opened, and- as it- did so -the figure of- a remarkably tall man, closely Yntifled id a long -cloak, and with a :lag4 alouch-hat drawn well-lown'over thaelace; appeared at- the?entrance. Standing out darkly against the light, he paused for an instant as if to listen, and then turned and gave a low peculiar whis'le, thrice re. peated. It was answered, and almost imme diately two other figures came out from under the shadow of the wood and ap proached the window, bearing between them with difficulty a heavy burden. " They paused at the entrance to the win dow, and again seemed to listen. "Satisfied apparently, the figure I had first seen stood aside, and staggering under the Ihad, the others came slowly into the room, and silently with a great effort raised and laid it upon the table. " "' As they did this the. burden give a kind of shiver, and something escaping from the covering which enveloped it hung down e over the side of the table. "There are moments in one's life when 1 the shock of some sudden discovery seems to 1 paralyse the nerves end deprive thb Iody of I all action. "Itwas so with me then,-for as 1 the moon's rays fell upon it to my internse horror and alarm I saw that that something was a human hand and arm I "That I was the witness of some tragedy I could not but believe, but I also felt. that weri I not to remain qnobserved there would be danger to myself.' Hpwever.repugnant to my feelings,, mdust watch and wait with out attempt at iueeiuerence. Three to one were odds I did not cars to face,. " The two figures paused after their exer. tions, and drew their arms across their fore. heads. They were standing in .the full Monlight now, and I noticed with surprise that the face of each of them wore a ghastly pallid hue, which'seemed scarcely natuptlin living beings. . - . " I was even more surprised to see that the v cat of their garments was strangely old- a fashioned. They, too, wore slouched. hats, long c cloaks, and antique riding boots, and these latter were splashed-with mudas if they had a ridden hard.. "I concluded that the tall figure 1 had I flaet seen must be in authority .over the other two, for now, obedient to ia gesture from him, one of them moved to the door, and, opuening it, looked out, and gave the low pecutiar whistle I had heard before. "An extraordinary stiillnems prevailed throughout the house, but from some distant portion of it I thought that I heard the signal-for such evidently it was-faintly anawered. " Then a door slammed; and presently a eloathly step came down the staircaie and roMes the hall towards otlr room. A light danced upon the old oak paielling,.then flickered and spread gradually, as, shading a lamp with his hsnd, afourth person entered I the room. I looked at the faceof this new comer, and couldsaarcely believe that I'saw aright, for who should it prove to be but - the very man whe0ni by the flashing light I had seen-in my imagination as I bad be. lieved-beckoning me to enter at the hall door. Setting down the light, he glanced first at the figure lying still upon the table, - then from one to the other, rubbing hise i hands the while, and smiling with grim I satisfaction, which seemed to me perfectly I atrochlous. t . a . "As for tbe other, they scr-ely deigned to notice him,.and he, whom I judged to be the hIader of the band, gave an impatient I gestcre towards the body lying before threm..Appalled,'I watched them roughly tear away the covering, and expose to my ] horrifed gaze the blood-stalned body of a man.with a.frightful gash in'hi- threat, I righly dreesed, but in a fashion long gone by. "I watched them uas they proceeded then i Sto rifle thhebody.= I etched them empty [ t theas vietim's.pockets, .an tear -away iths breast of his doublet in their search for Sany valuables he might soes,. : I watched [ them clutch vith fiendish glee- well'filled money bag, and pour out its dontents-a I golden pile--upn tihetable. " It was alltoo horrible I I became per fectly sickened, and more than ever alive to I what my 'own fate would tbe were these a murderers to discover my. presenoe. I slid o quietly off the sofa with the intention of p concealing myself behind it, but in doing so I slipped and. stumbling against it the I whole felt with a loud- crash upon the floor. , Never in my dying day lshatUl forge the r agony of that motleit. The?ewas an awful I panie. : The. parfj at thetabhldstbppedin I Ctheir unholjywork, and I heard a coin /ol't I from the table and roll alongthefloottowahli rme.. . .... . S" Idrew myself up Sld fa?lPthem.• And I what did'l see? All the previenshorror of I that night was as hothing tothe horror of tbis moment, for as they turned towahds rne, the ghastly light fell upontlierr faces, Ioknew Sthat Iras looking upoy the features, owf n who had bern long dead I " My eyesight became dim. The room, the furniture, those awful figures .grew misty |and indistinct. . . " At last I awoke, shook myaslf, and was walking to the window when'my foot kicked against :something, and stooping dbwn I picked up, to my great surprise, a gold coin of the reign of James I. I have kept it ever t since, and it is the very coin which I at.. tracted your notice to just now, Ishodld. Slike you ti examine it closely. "Gathering together my traps, Itook a i last :look around the room, and'drohsed to the window in the alcove, intending to make my exit by that way, bhut I found that not | only was the window tightly close but:thf a?mount of dust a.d cobwebs over iklkowed plainly thatritouolnot lep been p?{de use eof for some iime past ' I had, in fact, to return to the hall door 'in- orderto get out of the house. I crossed, the glade; and, cliinb ing the hillside, enteiedtz tbhewbod ondC more. "It was only by followingthe track for a longdistance back that I foui*l where I had gone wrong, and without.forthei, delay I proceeded to rectify the error, Wwith'the re Ssult of reaching the village in.the course of an hour's time. S"The inn was of a very.primitive descrip. tion, but anything I thopght would have been preferable Ato my hateful quarters of the night before. "Dream or no dieam, what I had gone through had evidently affected me, and my t neftes, I was obliged to confess to nimylf | felt in anything but a satisfactory ?late. Indeed, I feltas I hada.? -felt hbbore. "I was naturally curious to know some ' thing about my glaite? ind I tried to elicit some informationfse..the landlady of the inn, who, indeed, seemed nothing loth to dis Scuss the subject. - "She opened her eyes ROdely when I first told her where I habd ?g~sed the night, and frankly said that nothing would induce bhe or any of the neightitism ven to go neer the pla?e after nightfAl for itbore a most evil reputatieninttlre istrict. S'"Thehouise itoif h' hot-beern-occ pied foaosiny yeJiir, but in th&early; pant of the e reigi. of 'KiKg-James r: it had became notoriouhasthe haunt of a band of robbers.. I "The'a ition of the authorities' of that day was called to the constant disappear ante from the Kig'shalghway 6f travellers and others whose fate always remained n | mystery, forin no case was th- body of a -~missing maK-f6und. . S t' At laSt the scandal became so great that Lthe'heriff and his po?oo comitat?. set to work tobcbur the district,aud finally ran the robbers to earth iff.a lonely manor house tip in the hills, which thiy had made their head I quarter. . " "A desperate fight esnmed which ended in the destruction of th -~iad these who sur vived the fight expiati? t'eir evil on the scaffold. , "On searching the house and' plremises the remains of no lems than twenty-five t human beings were found, for in every Scae where a murder had been committed | the body had been conveyed to the robbers' headquarters, there to be stripped at leisure. To say that I was amazed at the particulars of the story, would be to put it mildly. I had been witness of a I scene that most have taken place h-ihdreds of years before, and here was the gold jaco. bus to prove it I" 