ODDS AND ENDS. The Germans of Philadelphia in'mass meeting have threatened to vote against the Republican barty if persistence is maintained in the enforce n1. • 'it of the blue laws which deprive theTeuton of their Sunday beer. It appears that in Philadelphia a woman may be arrested for eaves-dropping and tattling. Buffalo is really groving quite English. The latest craze is barmaid?. There are more than a hundred saloons in towa where they are em ployed. A new Ge'.min dialect haa been discovered in Iliiser . William's land. The natives speak German, but F becomes B, while H and F are totally. dropped. .Molfcke, therefore, becomes iMotseki, .: and Kaiser Wilhelmj Kailsar 'Weilleim -<■ •'; The largest- tuning-fork probably ever made anywhere is. the one recently manufactured at flanau for1 the physiological Institute at Leipsic. It weighs oAer . twenty-seven kilos, and gives fourteen double'oscillations a second. •* A recent election in Edinburgh, whie'i elicited the largest number of votes ever obtained frcin the citzensof the Scotch'capitalon any question, showed 21,758 in favour of the people having the entire control of the liquor traffic, 4333 against, and 1547 neutral. The f ancient and famous city of Damascus, which was a place of importance 1,000 B.C., is busy with plans for laying railroad lines through the streets. Street cars in a city said to have been founded by . Abraham would be a startling novelty. The place has 120,000 inhabi tants, ' i A bonnet has bean invented made entirely-of ribbon, which at the theatre may' be taken off and put in the pocket without injuring iti Mrs Dr Ellis, an American lady, is physician to the Queen of .Cores. ' She has apartments in the Royal Palace at Seoul, and receives a yearly salary which is equal to 18,000 dols. In Belgium, it is said, wood is preserved from decay by treatment with a mixture, two-thirds gutta percha and one third pa>afin, liquefied by heating, in which state it is induced into the pores, hardening as it cools. i A man may have his head so stuffed with knowlege that his hair can't grow, and yet have ' his feet knocked clear out from midec him by' a question or two from a little midget too small;to: . know an idea, from a gooseberry.i \- The necessary conditions forsafelywirtterihg bees are—a fertile queen at tlie'liead of a fair quantity of bees ; not less; than 20 lb3. sealed honey or syrup, a;sound, weather-proof hive; and ventilation without cold draughts. ' It is estimated that nearly ten thousand Americans have visited England this year, and it is a question vivaciously discussed how much each of them has spent in this country. One authority give3 the average of each at £100. Guilt, though it may attain'temporal splen dour, can never attain real happiness. The ejvil ■consequences of our crimes long survive their commision, and, like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunts the step3 of the malefactor. 