IT is beyond doubt that if asked whether mankind is eivilised or enlightened we should have to say no. Great part of the population of the globe is still savage; and great part consists of those we are nacceus tomed to term semi- barbarians. This latter part may be taken to comprise, amongst others, the populations of the Chinese and Indian empires, and great part of Russia; and the former those of the chief portion of Africa. The two divisions will then prob ably exceed the population of that which is commonly known amongst us as the civilised world. Comiog now to the last-named division, it may further be asked whether even that can claim to be civilised or onlightened. The dictionary gives the meaning of civilisa tion as the "state of being refined in manners, being free from the grossness of savage life." If we accept this, then we may perhaps say that the European race is fairly civilised, though evidence to the contrary is by no means wauting. But if we take the word as implying a state in which men are not only free from the grossness of manners which prevails amongst savages, but are also in their public and private lives actu ated by sound sense, justice, and humanity, then we fear that no nation under heaven can as yet fairly olaim that it is civilised certainly not that it is enlightened. Let us for example remember that amongst some of tohe European nations various gross forms of superstition are still general. Even in Great Britain and her colonies, in America, and in philosophio Germany and France, many people still believe in ghosts, in the significance of dreams, in lucl, and other superstitions; .and as the belief in gbosts dies out, a similar belief-known as " spiritism" - seems to come in. If the Jewish religion be true then all Christians are under delusion; and if Christianity be true, all Mahomcdans are wrong. If Roman Catholicism be true, all Protestants are wrong; and if Protestant ism be true, all Secularists are wrong. And it is not altogether satisfactory to say that all religious differences are matters of conscience. They hinge in some respects on matters of evidence, on the want of it, on its applicability. In this is strongly shown the influence of early im pressions. As a rule children are brought up in their parents' faith, and though usually taught the importance of holding correct views, they soeldom chaunge. The clergy are amongst the best educated in tile community, and they specially study theology; yet, though the clergy of different persuasions draw varying conclusions from .eimilar promises, fow individuals among them change from the faith in which they were reared. The Jew, if hlie goes no further, will toll the Christian that there is no sufficient evidence on which to ground his conclusions; and the Christian will toll the Jew that he is blind to convincing evidence. The Materialist will say that neithor possessesc anything approaching satisfactory evidence to support his views; and races like the Chinese and Hindoos, who most nearly approach us in what we call oivilisation, re gard Christianity, Judaism, and Material ism as alike erroneous, both in inception and development. Leaving the question of religion, we see similar divergences in the thought and practice of different nations, and of in. dividuals in the same nation, upon political and social matters, as to which there must notwithstanding be a right and a wrong basis. If we could imaginsea sensible, un prejudiced observer coming from another spheoro we should say that he would doubt less hold many of theoso questions to be 'asily determinablo by evidenco or by ex perience. On many another he would think that the exereeiso of our ordinary human reason could lead to but one conclusion. And yet on all conceivable sulbjects lieh would find nations and individuals differing. On so important a question as the form of govw ernment under which maen njoy, or are pirmitted to possess, their lives and liberties, whole nations widely differ, as do also individuals in the same rnation. Our visitor might suppose that no two sentient beings could arrive at diverse opinions as to whether mon should havo a voice in tho making of the laws that govern them, or whether their lives, their liberties, their property, should be at the absolutoe disposal of some autocrat living a thousand miles away who neither 'lnows nor carces for his individual subjects; and after making due allowance for diffor cnoes of opinion, lhe might woll suppose that between our reason and the teachiungs of history, thero ought to be little diflieulty in .determinuing whether a pure despotism, a limited monarbchy, or a republio would be the best form of government. Yet he would find examples of each existing amongst the most highly cultured and most active minded nations on thebo earth. Oar visitor might suppose that there should be little difficulty in arriving at a nniform code of morals. If the world were really enlightened every territory would be under-the one-and that the best-form of government, and just dealing would be the chief characteristic of the administration of the various states; so that there would be no such brutal anomaly as war. Yet our visitor would find wars constantly going on, and millions of men kept in constant train ing for tile work of billing each other. He might ask what is the use of bringing human beings into the world, and nursing them, caring for them, educating them, and at last killing them; and no one could reply. He might suppose that as there has been a difference between the sexes since tile creation, the relations of the one to the other would long since have been deter mined by reason and experience; but he would find the greatest diversities of prae tice and opinion amongst nations and amongst individuals, and even diversity in the laws of the one nation in various parts of its own territory. And, coming to less important matters, he would find that not withstanding the exercise of our reason ing powers, and notwithstanding the teachings of history and of experience, men of the most cultured nations and who have honestly pursued similar studies nevertheless differ on all conceivable branches of science, law, morality, and com merce. And he would find that even in a commuuity where everyone would agree that serious evils exist which under their form of govexnment may easily be remedied, still men go on enduring those evils, and are only, perhaps once in a generation and when urged by some master-minds or en thusiasts, galvanised into an attempt to remedy one or other of them. In the foregoing we have avoided men tioning our own views on any subject which readers may regard as debatable. Our ob ject has been to show that we, as a nation, as a race, as human beings, are still far from entitled to call ourselves enlightened. And perhaps on thinking well over the sub ject we have suggested, readers will be inclined to agree with us that in thle task of rendering mankind really enlightened the work as yet accomplished is small as compared with that remaining to be done. TVinter il Earnest. - Piercingly cold wasterly winds have prevailed in Goulburn during tbhe past week, with occasional storms of rain and snow. On Thursday night snow fell in quantity suficient to cover the city and surrounding country with a mantle of white, which under the bright moonshine which followed the storm had a most brilliant effect. Next morning the sneuow still lay in patches unmelted. The fall appears to have extended over a large portion of the soutiern and western districts. At Crookwell there was the heavirostl fall known for a long time; at Yass and other localities hIeavy falls are reported; but probably the heaviest was at Kiandra and Tumut, the drift in places being ten feet deep. and the mailman fromn gKiandra to Tumut was unable to come through on Thnrsday. Coroner's Inquest.-An inquest was held at tbe Emu Inn on Thursday afternoon last bolore the district coroner (Mr. Harold O'Btien), touching the death of an old man named James David, who was found dead in his house in Lithgow.street on the previous day. Evidence was given by Edward Rnafford, as to baring last seen the deceased alive on Buoda~y, 17th instant, about six o'clock. The witness stated that he visited deceased's residence, which was nest door to his own, on Wednsdday, nod on looking through the window saw him in bed. He then opened the door and called out " aren't you up yet," and receiving no reply went and shook deceased, and uncovering his face dtiscovered he was dead. He stated that deceased was verging on 80 jears of age, was unmarried, and had no property. Dr. Getntlo deposed that deccased had been ant inmate of thie Goulburn hospital about March last suffering from general weakness and heart disease, and being an old nman his death was likely to occur at any time. He l had made an examinnation of the body and found no msarks of violuuer; he boelieved thbat deatll was attributable to natural onuses, accelerated by heart disease. Tie jury returned a verdict in nccordanlcn with the medical tostimony. iMr. W. Clarke was fued 40/- for not attending as a juror.-Thia being thie first occasion on whiuch Mr. O'frion offllicinated as coroner since hIis appointment, thie foreman (Mr. P. Mc Ganilloey) on behalf of the jury at tie conclusion of thIe inqest comuplimentcd him on his appointment to the position, and said he was sure lthat Mr. O'Blricn would prove a worthy successor to tie previous holder of the office. HIo referred to thie injustic, and harldshlip infliteld on busioess men by remmioning them as jurors on inquelsts, nad said the police should uns o some dis. ereotion iu tie matter, as there were numbers of men lnot engaged in business wbo would not be incon. venioeccd in any way by attendicg aso jurors, nod hIo nasked the coroner to use hia inflionce in this matter. -Tlhu coroner i nackncowledging the compliment said he could not biud himself to do what tie fore. man suggested, but he thoughit it was unfair to bring meni from tke foulh ecd of the city to attend an inquest held in the norlth end, as there were numbers of maen in the vicinity who should be num mooed.-'Thte fornemal requosted that iMr. Clarke'e fine be remitted no eas was unwell, Tho coroner stated lthat if Mr. Clarke produced a doctor's corti. fisatO he would recommend thie remission of thu flue. Elite $Stlkting lRnls . --l Mesara. K. A. Skinner and Co., ptroprietor of ak atingriinkls at Sydsney and othler townsv, lhave leased thie premisee in Shlano-street, Guilburn, formerly occupied by Mlessre. Lansldown Brothlurs, titbor-morclancts, for thle pIurIposo of a opeling a riuk in GOulburn. They have had the lrgo alhedusetd bIy tie former oconpiers as a nmachine shop, fitted ip nas a rink. The wholo space has beuo floored with piao boards aponinlly prepared for skaiting, and fastened down with acret nails a so to present nl eovec snrnace. Thie spse thus preparedl is 90 feet bly 80 feet and will accom ncldate about 000 oskaters. Down bloth sides of tie buildinug sn along n potieon of thie top end two rowe of sent., one above thie othler, are placed. Tihe back or higsur roci i ictended for spectators and will soent about 500t. The bottom or lower row is for thie usa of thie skaters. At tie lower and of thie building smaell roomcs have beiu ereeted as a ladies' clonk room, a ladies' lavatory and other convceniouces, a room for lthe ladies' skates, and a manager's room. In tie brick buIildinlg have been orocted a ticket sflico, a geoutleCln's cloak rooani, and a room for the gentlsmou's skates. In the norlth wnet corner of the rink are situated the lavatory and otlher convueiences for gentlemen. Tihe building will be lighted at night by gas supplied by three standards with oighlt jots on each. Tho flour is stattal by an expert saateor to be capitally laid and bthe extenLt of spao will be advantageous to the patrons of a sport nraw lanhionablu anud populs r. Thie lprol)lietore havIIe alredy earned a good name in other cities and lnrg centreros of population, nnd express tlheir dotcrlorinitiou to leave nothlitg oc their part undone Into prolotn thie conlfort nllcd n josyemont of tiheir IJntrons. Tlii wokmenC havle IbeeC olecloyed durihng thle day naud a pottion of thie night for thie past throe wovoks preplaring thie uiilding, anud it was expected that thie work would hlave been suniciently adnvanced to open on the 20th instant, but it mno focund imlossiblo to do so. lHowevesr the work is now inearly cempleted and the riuk will be shortly opncedl. TIhe proprietor purposeo erecting in fInnt of thie ountrance handsomu portico reanch. ing the Iorbing. The roof will be of iron with glanes in thn aides for the pulrporose of lighting. St. SalOlll'R l'"s C tl athedr'tl.-Order of encr vice to lcerro\ :--lIorning Iprayer, 11 a.m.; oveiuog prayer, 7 p.m. Cantato DLomino (Woodward); Dets Miscreatour(Goso); anutheom, O Taste and Sen (Goss). Preaelher, lee. Ellio. B illtlnlk'llspts'y. - Sequestration Order: John Wordoa of Yass, storekeeper, out of business, Mr, ,, , Stphoun, official anssignoe, 