IN THE HOUSE. In justice to the members of the Lower House of the New South Wales Legislature, it is but fair to say that if they occasionally while away a tedious hour or two in badinage more or less pungent, they at all events show commendable punctuality in taking their seats at the time appointed. At 4.30 p.m. precisely the Speaker was announced, the representatives stood, then sat, and another legislative day began. The hour could be seen by the clock in the gallery. Ever since the invention of clocks there has been a time in most men's lives when existence seemed a blank, and life a ghastly phantasmagoria of unrealities. This was owing to the fact that the first eight-day clock had scarcely been finished when some enemy of youth put the question, What time is it after 4, 5, 6, &c.;, as the case may be, when the hour and minute hands are together? The tears, voluntary and in- voluntary, shed over this gruesome problem by countless generations of small boys would move a heart of flint. In the whole grisly list of queries that have robbed boyhood of its buoyancy, there is but one other to equal the foregoing for aggravation. It is " Suppose a pole 4 feet high. A snail starts at the bottom, climbs 2 feet up it every day, and falls down a foot during the night. How long before he reaches the top ?" Four days you naturally say—seeing he accomplishes a foot a day. Alas ! the battles that have been lost and won over it—the abrasions, contusions, ocular ecchymosis and deep-seated resentments that have resulted from it ! *. *. *. *. * Mr. Dangar was anxious that the etrongth and effi- ciency of the Wee Waa polioe force Bhould bo made the subjeot ot inquiry with a view to sending a fresh contingent of peace offioers should the prosent complément be inadequate to sooial requirements. The Premier promised to see to it that the law-abiding citizens of Wee Waa should bo protected in all thoir privileges as Englishmen. Still, one would think that the name of the placo alone should induce the Colonial Secretary to eupply any police or military demanded, without asking questions. Dr. Res was desirous of learning whether an old-time monument eroetad near Molong to " so worthy and pludcy a darkey" as ono Turanioh was out o£ repair, or if the lence was still sufficiently stable to*prevent vagrant quadrupeds from sfeoking -heller unrfor the monolith, and, perhaps, spoil- ing the inscription ? Sir Henry Parkes, with evident sincerity, assured tho questioner, and through him Australians in general, that, come what.- might, lYurauioh's interest in tho small Molong foo-simplo and its oiroumvallatorv palings would be honestly conserved. Between Messrs. Garvan and" Brunker a little sputter arose in con-equenco of an answer subsequently found to be misleading having been given to a question. The roal question of tho day, however, was asked by Mr. Mol yillo, without notice. Northumberland would like to kuow if tho Premier was aware of late goings on at the Littlo Bay Hospital, whore a serious disagreement had occurred between the storekeeper and the person who drovo the ambulance cart As nothing was too mean or puerile for tho Venetian oligarchy to notice, if a citizen but dropped a billet on the matter into tho lion of St Mark'B mouth, so it would appear that the head of a Now South Wales Government-shou d keep himself posted iu tho squabbles of miscellaneous pot wallopers. There ia something in a fight, bow humble soever the combatants may be, that appeals at onoo to a fundamental instinct in human nature. This, , por haps, is» ono reason why readers invariably lingor on that portion of " Nickloby" whoro Squeors is being deftly flattened, or in that page of " Pickwick" whore, in defence of female virtue, tho butler reduces Job Trotter and his No. 4 collection of hymns to pulp. *. *. *. *. *. Other startling facts, too, Mr. Melville dragged to the light of day. In the hospital named Government property was said to bo used for the purposo of break ing-in private horses. It is hard to say exactly what this means, as the popular impression regarding horses is that a rope and a whip aro the obief apparatus use 1 ? in bringing thom, to reason. There will be a complete probing of tho question, however, on Thursday, so that until then public expectancy will have to remain on tiptoe. The most serious charge of all-and tho most singular, oonsidering that tho 20th century is just peeping over the horizon-made by Mr. Molvillo, was that the Little Bay Hospital " runs " a ghost, which at uncertain intervals looks through win- dows, catch03 sick mon's eyes, and rendors unavailing all the physio of tho pharmacopoeia. This uncanny sprite's visits aro followed by abnormal increases in both the quick and the dead-pationte seriously unwell die with uncomplaining promptitude, while those with I slight ailments oily become quick to place considerable distances between themsolvus and the wards of this excellout institution. When Mr. Molvillo stated his intention to move an adjournment on Thursday for tho purpose of making a searching inquiry into the birth, history, and, if possible, education of this latest addi- tion to the rather short roll of Australian apparitions, he was asked with some seriousness if " ho intended bringing tho ghost." It is almost unnecessary to BIT that if the latter could be induced to attend tho House at all, it could not be in better company. *. *. *. *. * The Premier gave notice that ho would bring forward motions regarding the appointmont of future Governors, and the immediate solection of a com- missioner to visit strange lands for tho purpose of learning all that was to be learnt concerning railways and their peculiarities. Mr. Walker expressed a sincere wish to examine tho Hon. John Davios, M.L.O.,' O.M.G., .concerning .some recently-formed road«. Then came Mr. Stroot with a potition signed osdueively by olorgyinon protesting against the iniquitous divorce law sougliC to bo saddled on Now South Wales., To a person'anxious to ascertain'tho viow8of clergymen on various matters, there is nothing more instructive than a careful examination of the notes given by the British Bench of Bishops, from the day that William and Mary landed amid the wildest enthusiasm to the present moment. *. *. *. *. * Mr. Nobbs approached the table to sit and see that the bill to allow the Church of England Grammar School at Liverpool to sell some 1 ind had fair play. Mr. Melville required some explanations, and had his wishes satisfied. Mr, Haynes, who appears to devoto a good donl of, time to ecclesiastical maltors, expressed his conviction that tho bill was much needed, as lie had inquired into the subject, and Was quito satisfied. At this a gurgle of elfin laughter carno from the loft, followed by tho lugubrious chanty"I go agin it now." Mr. O'Mara alluded with somo mordnucy to the ex- pression " United Church of England and Ireland " in the proposed measure At this timo matters scorned to be progressing amicably, when tho member for Mudgovi sat up with sopae emphasis, and said he'd boon insulted. Some representativo of the Opposition appears to have called him " Tho Escaped Nun." Tuis he naturally resented, and was not mollified till it was explained that the expression used ' was '" tho oscaped 'un,', with rho oraphnsia on the central word. How this mended matters is not exactly clear. The bill dealing with prosecution for perjury having been withdrawn, after some acerbity way was made for the real bonne bouche of the evening. This was the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund Bill, which deserves a fresh paragraph, if only from the angry passions it let loose. *. *. *. *. * Mr. Gould moved the second reading of the Bulli business in a speech temperate, ratiocinative, and fluent. He was prepared to meet Mr. Melville more than half way in settling this unseemly business once for all. While he was speaking, the number of lawmakers frequently ran down below the quorum. On every such occasion the elect of Northumberland invited attention to the state of affairs, and thought it would be as well, just for form's sake, to have the legal score. During a large portion of the time he was the only one of the real Opposition pre[s]ent. This, combined with the fact that few, if any, appeared to join him even when sonorously summoned, and the additional fact that he himself made no scruple of retiring when he thought such a retreat judicious, led to the assumption that a " count out " was his goal. He never reached it. But he succeeded Mr. Gould in obtaining undisguised notice from the Speaker. Mr. Twain assures us that one of the " whitest " men it was ever his privilege to know was in California. This attractive person, although at any time ready to vote " no Irish need apply " (the result, probably, of early prejudices) was yet so attached to fair play that when some roughs invaded the Roman Catholic portion of the cemetery, and behaved sacrilegiously he was among them in no time, and had the six ringleaders on a shutter before they quite realised their situation. Somehow, the appear- ance of Mr. Melville as he bounded into the arena when Mr. Gould sat down, recalled the Californian Quixote. He had a congenial subject, and he made the most of it. The best feelings of our fallen humanity were appealed to with a sincere vigour that caused some members to become pensive, and others to go out. It was not to be supposed, of course, that he could so long have wrestled with the world's troubles without getting an insight into man's callousness ; but, until he became acquainted with the doings of some who had the distribu[ti]ng of the Bulli fund, he never knew the depths to which man's moral nature would descend when it got a fair chance. He dwelt on " heaven's vengeance," " whited sepulchres," and the " social gimlet society "—the latter was no doubt, a sarcastic allusion to the well-meaning per- sons who some time ago sent an auger through a par- tition in the cause of public morals. Above all, he wanted to " let daylight " into the affair by means of a special committee. Before resuming his seat there was a well-grounded suspicion that if he could kill two birds with one stone by letting daylight into some per- sons whose names he mentioned, they would probably be transparent before morning. *. *. *. *. * Mr. M'Millan followed, and in a short time had taken so neatly and methodically to pieces much of what Northumberland said, that the wise old saw of our remote ancestors (those old fogies knew far more than we smart nineteenth century people credit them with) " one story is good till another's told," came unbidden to the mind. Then came Mr. Riley and one or two more, but the ultimate result was that by a respectable majority Mr. Melville gained his point, so that before long a bright shaft of daylight, which may be unwelcome to some, will be sent through the affair Bulli for the purpose of extracting the truth, much as the unfortunate victims of the accident sent shafts and drives through their subsequent tomb for the purpose of extracting the bottled sunshine below. 