! LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. WELLINGTON BRIDGE OBSTRUCTION. I Sirs-I have a local axe to grind and with your kind permission will set to work at once, as it may lead some of the citizens to think over the matter, and help them to use the erasing pencil judiciously on 1 Sun- day next. About the latter end of, July last the residents near Wellington Bridge were not a little surprised at seeing a number of work- men employed breaking down the southern wall of the bridge and erecting across the Sabha pathway a formidable hoarding, lost of them, however, thinking it was only a temporary expedient to admit of lengthy timber being run for the construction of a platform over the creek, said but little about the affair, but after a month had elapsed and things began to wear a permanent aspect, rather noticeable by the erection of an unseemly and very suggestive looking shanty fronting on the public road, eliciting a pretty general exclamation, "What next" One of the sufferers addressed a letter to the council, pointing out the great public inconvenience and personal detriment which this obstruc- tion caused, and soliciting its early removal. This appeal was met by a communication stating "that the Municipal Council had decided to allow the boarding to remain, provided a handrail is erected to the satisfaction of the city surveyor." This answer served as a quietus until the mouth of October, when a petition signed' by several residents of Elizabeth-street, reiterating the former complaint, and setting forth the fact that the obstruction from the first was unwarrantable, inasmuch as access to the case could be obtained without any impedi- ment to the contract or the public pedestrian. This petition was replied to, intimat- ing " that the contractor had been notified that the hoarding must be removed on or before the 31st inst. (October)." I trust your readers will mark the imperative mood of this decision, for, notwithstanding all this apparent solicitude on the part of the council to comply with the prayer of the petitioners, October was passed and November commenced without any attempt being made to remove this generally admitted Nuisance. A Second petition was, therefore, sent to the council, reminding them of their decision, and expressing a hope that the council would take the necessary steps to ensure respect for their deliberate determinations. Will it be credited that the council, re- gardless ' of stultifying themselves, and rendering their deliberations unmistakably farcical, favoured the petitioners with a copy of the Public Works Committee's report, stating " That having fully reconsidered this question, they are of opinion that it is necessary for the progress of the work and safety of the public that the hoarding be allowed to remain till the end of the month." Well, Sir, the end of the month has come and passed, and nearly half [way entered of another month, yet the obstruction still exists, to the manifest disfigurement of the city and the unwarranted obstruction in one of its mostly thronged thoroughfares Whatever effect this are grinding may have on the general election of aldermen on Thursday, I can assure the present occupants of the civic chairs who may be seeking re-election that they will not obtain a ghost of a vote from several of the ratepayers of Elizabeth-street.-Yours, etc., * < V A i i ONE OF THE SUFFERERS. > 