THE FINE ARTS OF- THE WOMEN'S, INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. BY crispin Next to good music the most satisfying thing; ,is a good picture or a good statue. Next to humanity itself as a study come the arts which perpetuate certain types and incidents, certain emotions, . ex- periences, and passions, certain physical and sensuous coéditions, certain spiritual: and mental illuminations through tho medium of sound, and lines, and colour. To study humanity.tho man must bo an artist, a musician in feeling, though ho may nbt.be able to run a scala or draw a horse which would not have to bo labelled to signify what it was. Everybody has tho artistic spirit to some dogroo, to that degreo at least of being moved in the senses by. a fine bit of colour, or even a bad bit of colour, just as people aro caught by soma spurious bit of sentiment or. some lilting air of a popular song. People of all sorts and conditions will enjoy music, and art, and sentiment, whether it is in a play of maudlin emotion or in a-novel of un- healthy sensation. It is perfectly natural, then, that at any exhibition more- people will bo found in; tho art section than anywhere else, except when a concort is going on. Tho Womon's Industrial Exhibition'is no exception. . All yesterday afternoon the galleries; wero full of sight- seers, devo- tedly spoiling out tho namoa of exhibitors and prizes, and guessing-'at titips.- Fortunately there wero not many'pictures the subject of .which would bp hard to discover. Ï do not suppose that many people go to. the Exhi- bition expecting to find a Grosvenor or a Royal Academy collection. Thoy would not expect' to find such a collection as may now bo seen nt tho Mol'journo Exhibition,' or oven such as has beon on view at tho Art Society's rooms during the past fow weeks. Thoy ought only to look for " Borne . examples of what tho girls and women of New South Wales aro doing in art. Starting out with the' hope of some good takèns of artistio taste,, and ovon of artistic skill, the spectator, would not bo disappointed. To those who boliovo'thoy only should bo invited to gaze upon (inp and finished pictures, this collection at the Women's Indus .trill Exhibition would have no. charm whatever,; it "T""M *"tWa" o.;T "»T=:». rnn .«.,«¿.':K^'."«.»' - injured fool¡ogs. With, them I have nothing, to do ih this article. I rathor prefer to talk to those whose oyos ar.o \vide open to seo all tho signs that go to ' niako ' us as a nation , wiso, whether.it bo in a chord of music suggested by the desolation of the great wastes where tho trees stand up naked and white,'liko tho ghosts of trees' that died, or in a. bit of colour snatched from some sunset in flood time, when tho land" is filled with a wonderful glow, and tho water covors homestead and place of human habitation. Ttie school girl who tries to draw- down on her papoi the soft yellow of tito . wattle or the red gioam of the quandong, tho woman'who tries to steal some of life's simple situations and tho expressions oí characters as they pase by her every day for tho can- vas-these aro tho people in whom I want my readers to bo intoie3tcd in this articlo, And if thc girl and tho womau somotimea have given us copies Instead of originals,'and have not boon wisc enough to Bee aud know that a, sketch of . o rail-fonco well dono . is. hotter than a bad imita- tion of Corcggio's Madonna, lot us forgive thom, and hopo that they will bo wisor some day. I ven- turo to sav that tho man who is willing, to have one little picture or s'tatuo in his homo, full of grace, dignity, beauty, siniplicitv, and colour, to live with it day by day, an I gr,>w gentler, by tho contact, would be friond enough to tho art which ho loved to forgive much that is bad in this exhibition, and bo glad at heart for such thora is thnt is good, while thankful, too, for all tho tolwns of artistio offort and growing taste among tho women and girls of New South Wales.: The Fino Arts section is a large one. . ft comprises (according to the catalogue) oil paintings, water colours, painting on china, glass, and terra cotta, Uluminating, decoration of Christmas oarÙ3, fan pjafc. ing, drawing, designs, models, \ decorativo _ -work, photography," loaV exhibits, and Lord Carringtoa's collection of . sporting pictures. Exolusivo of the last named item, there aro 1739 exhibits, which is a pretty Btiff collection to look through in ono day. Indoed.no ono could do more than pick out hore and thero an exhibit of some merit, tho most of which, by tho wac' are duly ticketed as having taken prizos, and some of thom two; prizes, which is as good in its way as one horse winning both tho Derby and the Cup. The two prizes may be given bn this basis: The executive gave awards for the best exhibits in the different branches of art, while -there were also given special prizes by private individuals for the bost exhibit in* tho same br incia of! art. and hence tho double prizes. "What would strike ono most was the absence of professional work — not a total absence, for there are a few well-known, names, such as Madame Roth, Miss Starkey and Mrs. Bonnett. Miss Creed, Miss Devine, Mrs. Ewing, Mrs. Stoddard, and others, but still a dearth of those whoso work is more or less professional. The section occupied by the pro- fessional artists is not one that would strike one as being either large or particularly startling in merit, but there are a few good things. Miss Devine has sent a very, meritorious oil, which has taken the gold medal. It bears no name, but it might be called "The Little Match Girl." One's mind goes back to the story one read as a child of the little girl who, huddled in the snow, beside a great house where tho lights were burning brightly and the children gathered round tho Christmas tree, and growing colder and colder lit the matches one by one, and saw wonder- ful visions of peace and warmth and happiness in the littlo flame till all were gone, and then she laid down, and the white snow drifted o'er and the morning came, and still she slept on, and they found her with the smile upon her face that came with the picture that grew out of her child hope in tho flame of the last match. There is feeling and strength in Miss Devine's picture, and she has told tho story well. Miss Starkey sends several pictures also, and they have a good deal of truth. Two of them carry special prizes and one. a second prize, while it is also recommended for a special. Tho best of her contribution is-what ' shall it hq called? It bears no name. Wo shall name it "Good News," though I do not think it is meant to be anything more than a portrait. A girl of 16 or so in quaint costume, in a quaint arm-chair in a quaint room, a letter in her hand, and tho envelope on the floor with its broken seals - that is all. There is clever work in it. It has warmth, good drawing, and good composition. Mrs. Stoddard sends a few pictures. Her portrait of an old lady has taken a first prize. Faithful and refined Mrs. Stoddard's work always is. If I am not mistaken in the pupil and amateur section, there were pictures of varying degrees of merit by pupils of hers. Miss Cobbett has a small landscape, with much good colour and softness in it, 'which has taken a second prize ; and another which has taken a third, prize. ' Madame Roth has a few bright and genuine things, but I fancy she has sent the most and the best of her work to the Art Society's Exhibition. Among tho pupils' and amateurs' work there are soma fine efforts, and wo must, look to those rather than to tho .profesional work for an idea of what art is shaping towards here. To judge of professional female artists, we must, as a general thing, go to tho Art Society's Exhibition ; but tho pupils' work does not And its way there. It is to bo found in homes or in such ' exhibitions as this, ' Tho'work of .amateurs we do not see muoh of at any time. The best of them are shy about their work, and the , worst of them most peoplo do not seek out. Miss Riviers sends ' two very good1 .things ;,' on - oil, which took a fir-t and a special prize, and a capital little pen-and-ink Bkotoh. Miss E. J. Deans, of Gladesville, was awarded a gold medal for. a group . of - flowers, which, by tho- way, is one'of the best things of the exhibition. It is full .of. good colour, and has a delicate softness in tone. Miss Edith Deane, of Woollahra, sends several contributions of varying merit. « Her. copy of " Not Angles, but' Angels,"and her" original, " When Sparrows Build," have many good points about thora. Miss Marsh, Miss,. Norman, Miss Bray, Miss Kater, Miss Molyneaux, Miss Old, Miss Mona Brown, Miss Wyatt, Miss Campbell, Miss Hook, Miss Hardy, Mrs. Gilman, Miss Arnott, Miss Kent, Miss Martens, Miss Jones, and Miss McMasters have taken prizes, and by comparison their work is worthy of the honour conferred on them by the judges, who had a difficult tusk to perform.. Ono.caa .scarcely, conceive a more thankless, less pleas- ing task than judging amateur exhibits. Having[ dropped a long way below art gallery standard, thero must come in then,the samo faculty of. discrimination., as would bo necessary, to adjudicate upon greater and more worthy work. The judges in this ca o. it seems to nie, have done'their work well. It would be diffi- cult to talte-their a-wards from pictures andput .'(hem; upon others as more, worthy of prizes, 'so careful has, been their work. Two of tho best things in the collection are by Miss M. Jones, who has painted the head of an old man in oils, and also drawn, it in charcoal. It would be sup- posed that she was a student of Nerli from her treat- ment. It is full, strong, and expressive. I do not know whether Miss Jones is a schoolgirl or not - that is, whether she is still of that age when she'would bo . expected to.bo at school ; but if she is, this work: does her. much credit, and good hope might be entertained - of her future work.- Miss Mary Hall has a'very fino . piece of illuminated work. It is the "Six- syllabic- ' Prayer of tho Buddhists," and tho illuminated design is . her own. lt is weil conceived and excellently done. > Ono of the best bits of drawing in the ex- hibition is by Miss Creed. ' It is a ' simple . study of a towel hung on a nail in the wall. It has some fine elements of colour and texture. It is' impossible here to notice all tlie pictures and drawings that obtained prizes. I havo gone further into that than I intended at the outset, but on looking . over my notes I find some reference made to sketches from nature by Miss Cusack,, some panel work pf Madame Roth, some water-colour studios of Miss Hinchcliffe, some water- colour.flowers by Miss Stephens, a sepia drawing by Monica Brown, a head by Miss Kater, some worthy sketches bv Miss Leslie, and heads ' by Miss Hill and Miss McMaster. Of tho photo- graphy, I do not care to speak. Like a good deal of the decorative work, it is more domestic and mechanical than artistic. There are some good things among the loan exhibits, and Lord Carrington's collection of sporting pictures is full of interest. Speaking, broadly, I should say that the work of the collection is strikingly uneven; and yet there are, as I have noted above, some examples of artistic ability and taste. among the pupils and amateurs. I venture to say that anothor Exhibition would call out better work ; and I also dare to believe that there are a large number of gifted amateurs who have not sent their work, and never would send it, till it seemed to them really good. Tho committee havo hung much that is painful - let us hope for the sake of showing through what stages students in art pass, or it may that I do not know. I can only say that, considering the difficulties attendant upon the opening of the Exhibition, tho'picturo section is in a capital condition; and if the picture catalogue is not all that it should be, the consequences will not nt any Tate be very serious, nor will any great inconvenience be-caused. It soo rna to me that tho art section should have contained only original pictures .and drawings, and decorative work by local female artists and amateurs, in order to carry out the idea of tho Exhibftion; but no doubt I shall find plenty who will disagree with this opinion. On tho whole, one must corneas to a senso of discontent after viewing tho collection -, but, as I said at tho beginning, it must bo borno in mind that this is not a competition of artists, but a representation of offort. Tho outlook for art is not very brilliant here, but the bettor day is dawning slowly, and those who aro in oarnast now will have at least tho patUfaction of knowing that no matter how feeble their offorts have been, they have contributed to some extent to it. There aro good teachers and good artists hero, and if but tho public awaited more quickly to tho artistic capacities and possibilities of tho country, thore would bo no reason to lament savo for tho sake "of tho artists who have come out hore or have risen np among us to live by art alone in Australia, " Fon nts BLOOD IS THI I.IFK."-Clarke's world-famed Blood Mixture is worranted to cleanse the blood from ult impurities, from whatever cause arising. For scrofula, scurvy, skin, and blood discasca, and sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. In bottles 2s Cd each; and in cases, . containing six times the qoantity, Us. Of all chemists, i're prietors," the Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln, Engtand.-[ADV.] ' COCOA DEIXKEES are cautionedagalnst those cocoas called pure, bnt which contain' abont 4 per cont, of added alkali, &o.; As an absolutely pure, guaranteed, and delicious Btfenglh-suatainlng beverage, Cadbury'a Cocoa stands' unrivalled.-[ADVT.] 