THE FIFE MR. FYTTOJSS. Br S. E. Walleb ' ABoosr. ' Here weaU are muting in tlmlitUe dining- r - WiHie and I'wondened whattbe dickeA? well -.o do next. It ia evening, or rather night, I« ' wmie and i nave done no sketching aB yet. - it : He'e down hero with me on a vieit. .Oh ' yon've got to know him, that jovial creature, thongh he's always in debt, and always j fear- , ""HeVsbTyonthe bonniest songs in\th» vorld and then ihow yon biB etchings, which . are at strange variance with himself. He'll pull from a heap of etndieB a ' Church yard Scene,' blaok end bare ; a skeleton yew- church. And as with a light ' in his eye he- s'asjrsiscsrfiast sst' He always keeps his favourite till the last. .- It is a river scene— midnight. Toere ie ice- on the river. There is snow on the ice. Tb»>- ekyie dark and ghastly. The dark of the- written, evidently in the most fervid ecstasy. ' Where they found the body.' ' Well,' says Willie, at Inst, ' if tbe weather still keeps bad. I eh.ll wire to town for old SUnter, the model, and get on with my Fal- Htaff picture.' ' Who's old Slanter ?' ears mv father. 1 Oh, the beet model in London for a bit of low comedy. Splendid. I've had bim sit for a " Father Confessor" too ; but every now and tben be looked so sly, 1 fear tbe odour "f sanctity was sadly wanting in my picture. The worst of the old fellow is he is r.tber fond of whiskey, and is not always to bo depended on.' 'Then don't have him here,' says my mother, hastily. ' Ob ! he'll be all right. I'll get him a room in the village ; and if he doesn't keep sober X won't p»y him.' It tnrned ont fine the next day, and though our sketching ground waB a long way off— some six miles— we trudged there every morning and hack at night-, and worked hard— so hard that we got onr Btudies of the old mere done long before we bad anticipated. Willie Beamish thought it as well to write for b>Now?I most tell you that tbis more was in a deep wood, and a pretty awful-looking place it was. Tha water was perfectly smooth and black, and in places great green patehee of stagnant weeds were rotting on the snrface. . At the northern end were a ruined boatbouse and a sluice-gate, surrounded by dead bull- rashes, which hang their poor brown headB downwards to the water, all broken-necked and splintered. The ground rose at the back of tbe boathouee, from which ran what many years ago had been a path, but which was now covered with tangle np to ' Grey Shadow.8,' whoBe battered chimneys stood, as they had stood for centuries, motionless amidst the swaying trees. When, as we often did, we forced our way through the tangle and. looked up at the house, tne Bight was Bad and pathetic in the extreme. And when those white doves that dwelt in the roof came and looked down npon na from the rained care ments, we often wondered if they were the cpiriis of thoBe who once, perchance, had lived there— happily or unhappily, ah, wbo shall Bay ? The place was in some degree looked after by an old man called Sheppard. He and his wife lived in two of the lower rooms that were still fairly water-tight ; and many a queer story the old man told ns. Eis chronology was curious. He had no notion of Anno Domini, but dated all his facts by the collapse of those different portions of the building that had fallen about his head during tbe seventy- two years of his occupancy. ' Oh, my darter 'Liza— her wae horned same week as the picter g>dlery roof came down; many a year ago. 'Er 'ave a growed up tam'ly now. Eh ? 'ow long ev I been yer ? — why, a wnr a bhoy when a corned fiiBt aloDg o' my oncle, and it war wen 'e took I to see Jack Dunsdon hung as we come back in the evening, aud vound that staircase down. It- were a litter, too, I do assure you. Yon. gents finds it pleasant here in zumroer— but . just come in the winter when they floods is out You'd come reck'ning to see a land scape, and you'd find a hoc6»n.' The picture gallery waB a splendid room, with a rich oak parqueted floor, fairly intact. But, as the old man said, most of the ' elaborate plaster ceiling had fallen away. I'he walls Btill bore tbe marks made by the pictures that once had hung tbere. Ab 1 __i_ .. o Aa u— ...j wuoru wore tuu-o yiumicn uu" . au uuq huu of the room, in a niche between the two windows, was a clock Its crooked, and warped old haads marked hilf-past f ur It looked down upon the old room's desolation with the same equanimity that it had looked down npon its pride. It. had tasted rnin with, - its master, and the works which for so many' years bad kept it going hd fallen through tbe bottom of the case, and lay in rusty fragments oq the floor. ' Wno did this place belong to ? I Baid to Sbeppard one riav. ' Belong to ? Why, wur do 'ee come from ? Briong to. indeed 1 Why, to the Five Mr. Fyttons, fo be sure.' Of course, we gave the old man no rest until, nfter much persuasion, hd told us the story of the five mb fyttons. But lata not "going to bore von with Sheppard's vernacular, sosfart off in my own I. seems that tbe Hon. Richard Fytton had died about a hundred and fifty years back. He died suddenly, leaving three eon, and,, three months after bis death, his wife died in giving birth to a fonrth son. Now the legend goes that in earlv life tbe Hon. Richard had not been strictly im maculate—in fact, that be bad been qo-te the reverse. One young lady, with whom he had contracted a sort oi Fleet marriage, had vowed, the day .he deserted her (hich, by the way, he did immediately), to bannr. him and his kiudred for ever, or until the list of his line was extinct. He langhed and left her, to marry a wealthy beiresB— the owner of ' Grey Shadows.' All went we'l for many years. As I havo already told yon, th« y had four sons, wbeo a hunting accident to the Hon. Richard deprived the sons of their father's protec ion. That night his body was bronght home on » shutter, and laid solemnly on the state bed. At midnight a finger tapped upon the caee a voice said; 'The Fibst Mb. Fytton.' Years went on. Three of the boys grow into s'alwart. men, but the last-born alwAys goffered at intervals from a weakness of tbe heart. All went well with tbe boys except ing that tbe younger one never played_ with hi« brothers. He was qniet and taciturn. They called him Baby Charles.' Over tbe other side of the mere, hidden behind the shoulder of tbe hill, stood 'Velvet- n»U« Ul wity pttup'ty "uu uau owucu iv Sbeppard know little. But he knew this— that their eecond daughter, Evelyn O'Brien, was jast the loveliest thing that ever walked the earth. What bo natural as that Richard ' Fytton, thn elder eon, should love her, ortbak . ehe should laugh at him ; that he in de?- prra'ion should ride home after h'B second refusal, across country, ond, in attempting a .«hor' ont by an arm of the mere, ehonld be drowned ? His body, like his father's, was laid npos tbe stare bed, and at midnight a finger tapped upon the casement, » lace was pressed upon the glass, and a voice said : ' The Second Mb. Fytton.' Thn next boy entered the army. He enjoyed a distinguished career, ahd returned - home on leave for four years, owing to vonnde contracted while on' service undeB Olive in India, He. too. eaw Evelyn O'Brien, and, like his brother, loved her. She hired him, hut whether ber nature was capable of a pas sionate attachment ie mo-t uncertain. She nlaved w'th him. and cajoled bim as ehe had: done with bis brother Richard, and as abe- was beginning to do with hiB ennsin James. This could not go on long nnperceived. ,A< fearfnl quartel rook place between t.he coubibs. In a moment of frantic anger ewor-ds Were drawn, and John Fytton fell by the hand of his own kinBmau. _ His body, like his father s, was laid upon tbe state bed, and at midriiijhta finger tapped npon the casement, a face wan pressed upon, the glass, and a voice said : ' Thr Third Mb. Fytton.' The end of tbe others ie more mysterious Hal, who at the death of his two .side brothers succeede ' to the property, fell, ae his brothers had fallen, head over ears in lov® - with Evelyn. O'Brien, though she was two- years his senior. He simply lived at Velvet hall ; that is, whenever Evelyn did not dffvo ' him home— which ehe did in a fit of tempts . pretty often, . , m Her father and mother bo bowed to tier will that her will waa eimply law with them... She ' otderei the world, and the world obeyed. Snirora she had many, 'and the scandal of the- deaths of two hrothers who had died uMt love of her only served to enhance be-' fascination. . ', She wet far end happy always, e« loof jpL = : . . : tvj' V .. the Bun waa ehming ; bat biter'y 'i-pr-saed anything that annoyed bee -roe-ed b.r Math— capable of beBtowiog the utmost of fce affection that lay at her command > n the wun'crwoman who gave ber everything she vriehed for ; and as capable of with- -rawing It and supplying its place with ibe utmost indifference, if the amount of bod <ly comfort to which she had been accustomed fell short in the Bmalleet degree. She liked Hal. He had money, a fine ©state, a handsome per eon, and a Bweet; gentlemanly manner— bnt rhe wauled more. She was one of those women who only love tboae they fear. And fear poor Hal ehe did not. Amongst her other wcoera wait one who, though he seldom was in her company, seemed, when he did come to Ve've'-I all, to . exercise a certain amount' of infin-nce over this wilful beauty. Though he whb but a delicate man, in appearance almost effeminate, there was something strangely ' masterful about him. Talented and faBcinariDg, he was yet extremely trying, owing to bia variable and irritating temper. Never violent, be would at times Bay, with his slow smile that meant bo much, the bittergBt things to Evelyn in the presence of others, which, s trBDge to , aay," ' She received with comparative equa nimity. Had any other cieatore in- the uni verse attempted to aay one tithe of that he cave utterance to, the regret would hav»- laated to his dying day. -Bis name was \- Lawrence Tanfield. Between him and Hnry Fytton a strong Intimacy existed, for things bad not yet come to that pate when jealousy was lik' ly to etepin. Henry Fytton, in bis open, boyish wav, saw in his friend no rival, became he was hie friend. What TanGeld tbonght, we know not ; but I suspect,' such was bis belief in himself, and hie quiet way of always carrying his point, that he felt if the day ever came when he decided that be liked Evelyn well enough to marry her, ahe would be his. One evening in late autnmn, Hal Fytton aeked ber to be his wife. Sbe bad laughed at him and smiled on him eo often that he thought bia chance eecure, But Bhe only shook- her pretty head and said: ' It could never be.' Three rays later Lawrence Tanfield rode over to Velvet-ball. He waB in his own straDge humour— caustic atld perverse ; but "the news, which had somehow or other leaked out, that Evelyn bad refused hiB quondam friend, had brought bis own affections to a crisis. Thnf ha Irtun haw to crtma man vsnnlrl Via 7 a loved, I doubt That be would have stood calmly by and seen bis rival take the prize out of bis band, I doubt still more. Bnt tbat any should suppose tbat be could not have (be very thing be asked- for was an impossi bility with Lawrence Tanfield. On arriving be gave his horee to a groom, cefnsing to go into the bonse, but asked where be could find Mis- O'Brien. 'She's somewhere about, sir, in .the park. I eee ber in tbe avenue Borne half-hour back,' Mid tbe servant. ' Tbankyou/eaid Lawrence, as- he sauntered oat under the two rows of lime trees that stretched in unbroken array, stiff and Btately, to the centre gates of the park. On the left of the avenue stood a little ring of firs and copper beeches, surrounded by a larch fence. It .was called 1 The Folly,' though why I do not know. Lawrence walked up the avenue and back again ; then turned sharp acmes the graBs to the Folly. His motive by this time had nearly faded from bis mind, but id getting over the fence he remembered what be bad coipe for. A strange, strange nature was hi-. The present ever in bis mind, with a perfectly irreejftible force ; absent, dear 'hi ugh it might be, a shadowy viciou which might wait hie leisure. Alter getting ovrr .the rail, he pushed his way beneath the lower boughs of the fir-trees, grey, sligh', and brittle, uDtil he came to an ©pen space amidst those hoary .tree-trunks whore feathery t--pB towered up in 'a net work of tracery above his bead. ' The autumn wind swept round and round the -ittle wood, and collected in the centre a fcuge heap of red . and yellow beech-leaveB. TBe mound was crashed down here and there as by 'foot steps, and further on, 'where the leaves were dry and seemed to lie thickest, was the impression of a woman's form Not only that; still further on lay a' book, evi UCUtlly JUOV UADU UU |TU| BUU UpSlUO Iv M n UUiuU a glove. Lawrence considered for one moment ; his lace lightened ; be took np the lady's glove and threw down his own. ' Stay dinner, Tanfield,' e&id; old Mr. O'Brien when be got back . to the house. 'AH very glad to see yon.' Evelyn will be in presently. Uo and talk to Norab.' The young- man did as he waa bid, and while he and tbe elder sister obatted at the drawingroom window, Evelyn O'Brien came acroBS the grass in full view of tbem. Tall, upright as a dart, she looked juBt what she was — a- beauty. An amused smile was on her bps as ahe neared the house, wheD suddenly she caught right of Tanfield'B ew- at th window. Down dropped ber thick, black, tangled eyelashes, and up went ' the red llie to i the- fore' — that prefy simile a sailor uses for bis sweatheart'e bluBh. When dinner was over, TanGeld made an early excuse to lenve tbe diningmom Norah, the eldest, he found at tbe piano;- Evelyn sittir-g in a low chair juat outside tbe open window. ' You seem fond of reading, Mies O'Brien, said. he. ' "Very, she answered. 'And in Btrange places.' Indeed ! And eo you've found that out. And it was you, I mppoae, who >ad the im pudence to take my glove ? Please give ic back to me at once.' ' May I not keep it?' said Lawrence, very BOftly. ' ' As you please. I have lost the fellow to it, So'it is of no consequence. By the way, I hope yon don't want yours bsck again ?' ' Mine ?' 'The one you left ; because Scoot bnried it with Bome old bocen be found in the Folly. He's not fond 'of rubbish, and be likes to get It oat of sight I suppose.' 1 While he was about- it, I dareBay you think he might just as well have bnried me?' ' I did not say so,' sbe replied. 1 Evelyn,' said the yonng man, suddenly, 'life is short at tbe best. I am not a man, »e yon know, to hesitate to ask a question, though it may involve the whole " life's happineBB of two people and the deep in terests of many more. I want yon to tell me something, dear.' He bad taken her hand in hia, and ehe, after half-withdrawing it, bad let it remain I want ynu to tell me if you love roe Yon 'trnow, you muBt know, bow dearly I love you with my whole, whole heart,' and as he said it he believed it most implicity. ' I you refuse me, I shall have noibing left in thie world to live for. And, Evelyn, remember it is no light thing I ask of yon. I mean love in its entirety. No mere liking or toleration, but a complete giving of one to the other, Yon have shown ''the red flag" once to-day already ; were it not so dark, I fancy I should ©ee itmow. There it must alwavB be for me, and for ma only. Do yon understand? It must never come down, and I would sooner pat up with an absolute refusal than eee it dying balf-mast high ' Evelyn turned. Sbe rose from her chair and walked a few steps down the terrace into the deeper, shadow. Tanfield followed. ' Lawrence,' ehe said, ' yon have asked me A simple question, and I will give you a simple answer. Be true and gentle with me, And I will love yon all my life. And I would rather see us both dead this night than that our pennon should ever droop to half-mast high. ... With a vow to keep and cherish her for ever, Tanfield caught ber in his arms and passionately kissed ber lips. Sbe gently, oh, bo gently, returned his caress ; but hers was given with all tbe concentration of ber trusting womanhood, and his — ah 1 his, I fear, waa bnt half-mast tngb. For a time all went merry as a marriage belL The old people were delighted (for Tanfield was a good match), and every prospect of bappineee seemed spread before die yonng couple. Bnt two Bnoh fiery matures could hardly be in'daily intimacy but 4hgt tiffs and quarrels of a more or less eeajonB character were bound to spring np between them. Especially was this true in tbe matter of rifling, of which the girl wm very fond. Waofield encouraged ber in the matter, with on© reservation. There was a mare in the Stable called Brand, thoroughbred, vicious, and intractable. To ride this msre was Evelyn O'Brien's delight. She was a splendid fcoraewoman, and the mare's antics arou-ed od exhilarated her. Tanfield bbw that, fortunate as she bad been hitherto, a serious accident wm inevitable sooner or later, and in unmistakable termB he forbade her to mount tfafi iriiirMr Plenty of time for obedience, Lawrence. I h«M not been through church dome yet,' ahe 'lam not demanding obedience, but only wish to eoBare your safety. Yon cannot tide Uttt WDfB FitfWt gKBt ri«h- ' I cannot rde, then! Thank yon for nothing, my polite fiance.' ' 1 say neither you nor aay othei living creature can ride her with safety. I aay, moreover, that as long as I have any hold on you, you shall not mount her.' 'Any hold on me? And suppose I aay yon have none?' Tbe young man shrugged hiB shoulders. ' That rears with yon,' he replied. ' With me?' ' Yeg, with yon.' . ' Then you have none. I hatd interference. 1 1 will take care never to interfere again. Good morning, Miss O'Brien. He raised hiB bat, tarred, and leit net ... For w.tks after this tpieode sbe kept her thoughts proudly to herself, thinking how he would reinrn leniteuf, or write a heart broken -pi- logy aud plnnnicg bow ehe w ulc set in either case. But -s day after day wmt by and neither be nor bis letter pm in an appe»rance' tbB pP0,l' flirt's epif't began to waver, and ehe frequently gave way to tears. And where was Lawrence Tanfield ? He walked over to Burnham, ordered a conveyance, and yetting bis luggage packed, 1.1. Uama In fTnmv.Dkivfi Hfi BtnTPfi thMP weut UUUie IV uomouiic, - for a little time with bis fatber.-and b»ving explained that be was in need of cbBnge, went abroad, and for a locg time not heard of. Some eaid be bad entered s foreign service ; others tbat he had joined a monastery in Spain. Meanwhile Ei e<y n, eadd- nedand t eptaased, still remained nnmairied, tncughtuitor after suitor came to try his Inch. I BuppoBe it mhst have been about two years later, when honest, open-hearted Hal Fytion again proposed to ber. To bie intense surprise and delight, he was accepted. I I c&nnot; love you 8id Evelyn , but if you will be content with a weary woman's reBpect and honest liking, I'll do the beat I can to make yon happy.' Poor Hal I All the country round was not big enough -to hold r.im, "With what honeBt pride . he spoke about bia sweetheart— tbe sweetheart be bad never dared to kisB. That reticence was not the way to win be» ; certainly not a woman of ber nature — frozen and petrified aB it bed now become. Bu>, poor fellow, be knew no better, and tbongbt, with so many others that timidity Bhowed respect and devotion. Had you told bim tbat something a little more reckless and deyi- may-care, even tbougb at times liable to give offence, would in <he end outdistance any feeble wooing, he won'd not have believed it ; or if he had, he would have been quit, incapable of practising it. One cannot teacb thei-e tbioge. Teach a (keep to all eternity, he will never leatn to roar. So matters stood, and the engaged couple seemed on the one side fairly content, on tbe otbor deliriously happy. \- At CbriBtmaB, old Mr. O'Brien determined to celebrate hie daughter's engagement by a ball, to wbieh all the people round about who were 1 anyone in particular1 were nvited. It wa- a fancy dreBa ball, and masks were optional. Hal led off the first dance with Evelyn. He engaged her for many more. Tbe old all-room was crowded. Over two hundred and fifty people, in every variety of dress, thronged tbe place. Wine, music, and beau tiful tacea all combined to make tbe beart of hjH' a and gucBte »e happy as they could be In tbe intervals of the dances, speculation wan rife SB to who this person was, who that —alluding to anyone specially well OiBguiBed. There wbb a knight in armour, a jester, t> mountebank, and dozens more- But as H 1 Fytton walked round tbe end ot tbe room under tbe musicians' gtllery, with Evelyn ot. h>s arm, be pa>B8 - a beadsman with an axe brown across hia shoulder ; his face war- bidden by a mask, b<s eyes glittering from behind it. They fell on Evelyn for ot.e second, but-were instantly withdrawn. Sue Btood still, staggered, and would have fallen but that- Hal caught her. ; ' Good h«-avens,' he raid,' 1 are you ill ?' , rYe=,- ph yea ! For heaven's eake take me into the air.' . . Gold as it was, he led her. on to the stone walk outside the ballroom wicd9ws. ... 1 Bring me' my hood,' she said, 'and my fur mantle.' Ha brought them immediately, and was about to offer ber his arm. ' No, do,' sbe said, shrinking back. I have these attacks . sometimes, and then I must be alone. Leave me, and come and. look for .me in haff an hour.' He left ber ; little knowing that, though he waB 'o Bee her once again, he bad spoken to her for the' last time. In half an' hour he came back. She was. not there. He searched for her in the ball room, but she waa not among tbe dancers- He then turned back into tbe garden, walked down the terrace steps, over the soft snow where bis footsteps' were wholly inaudible, and drifted aimleasly towards the mere " And how lovely the mere looked, IVbat oan be lovelier than moonlight on the snow ? The huge fir-trees stood towering upwards, heir , great boughs weighed down with it, pointing like giant hands towards the ground. Beneath tbem was impenetrable darkness, and stretching over the pure bdow their warm grotesque shadowB, formed every weird Hud curious shape thst might appeal to an excited brain. Here and there tr.ll, slender, withered grasses — -he last remit.i8cer.ee of the summer that bad gone— stood bowing to the wii-d, each one decked with such diamonds as no beauty in the adjacent bal - room could lay a claim to ; each one glittering in tianalucent intensity in the silver moon light, with its crown of icicles about its head. Suddenly Fytton stopped, conscious of two figures iu close ernmaoe ten yards distant from bim,- by tbe shore. The girl's hands were reBting on the man's Bboulders, her fac- was lifted up his— to his, the headsman — and as sbe lifted it, she cobbed out : ' Ob, Lawrence, Lawrence, aB if you did Dot know you are tbe only man I ever really c-red for.' He kissed ber, aud whispered some loving worce into her words into her ear. Again she lifted ber. face, but as he beut down lowards her he pushed back hiB musk. Fytton gave a sudden stare; a bough crocked beneath his fret. They turned , ui.-i as thev turned the clouds that bad veiled the (noon passed quickly over. Tbe bright r.y Ml upon their faces. Tbe Rirl was Evelyn O'Brien and the man was Lawrence Taofield No words were uttered. Half- a-dozen steps, and tbey grappled toge ber. A knive flashed, snmetbiDg fell — some hiog heavy, inert, awfnl— that never spoke or moved again. And there was blood npos the enon ; the blood of H»1 Fytton. Hia body, like his fa'her'e, was laid upon the atate bed, and at midnight a finger tapped npon the casement, a face was p- eased npon the gl»ss, and a voice said : ' Tub Foubth Mb Fttton.' Of all the brothers, there waa now left bu» '-Baby Charle-..' He was about eleven, and tbe executors under bis brother's will suv- eeetecr that hiB mother's first cousin, Mrs. Arnold, a widow, should occupy ' The Grey Shadows,1 with the object of being a mother to the boy until' euch a time aB he went to college or came of age. Men, however, will one way, and Fute another, and all the care and watchfulness beatnwedon the delicate lad were powerless to help bim against the deadly curee which hnng over hie family. The one passion that possessed the boy waa hawking, and day after . day be wonld wander ont alone, despi'e the anxiety of Mrs. Arnold, with his hawk upon his wrist When in tbe cold weather the wild ducks came down npon the low swamps in thou sands, and many hundreds of acres of land wero under water, more or less, the country round Grey ShadowB waa quite a falconer's paradise. Early one morning in December, when the floods were just covered with a thin coating of ice. Baby Charles with his hawk upon his wrist went off to the lower meadows in search of wild fowl. It waa late in the af'ornoon when the first anxiety, began to be felt abou' him, on aoconnt of .hie . prolonged absence; The country was scoured far and wide, but to no purpose. It is supposed that while wading in the floods he must unhappily have walked into a dyke, as it was not nntil th" evening of tbe fourth day that Jack Badging- ton, the poacher, e»rae in tossy he bad seen the poor lad'a body floating amongst the bail- rashes on Long Pool Lake, and the hawk wrb still sitting on bie breast. His body, like his father's, was lud npon the state bed, and at midnight a finger tapped npon the casement, a face was pre>eed against the gloss, and a voice said: 1 The Fifth Mb. Ftoton." ' A good story,. Mr. Sbeppard,' said Willie. ' A eort of thing to dream of, after a heavy supper.' 'Well, Willie,' eaid I, ' it's getting dark, and 1 think, as we have six miles to walk, we bad better trudge.' Off we started, juat as the eun waa begin ning to get low, and long quaint shadows fell acroee the green bridle-path, which, meandering round the hills, brought ns out on tbe main road about two milee from home. We had nearly got to what waa called the deep cutting, a place where the road ran between two high banks bordered with fir trees, when we beard a nattered cnlaner- >u-n, < -H'/v e.a by, a grievous panting sad putting, . Good heavens, what's that T said I. '.An asphyxiated grampus, I should aay,' returred Willie. Ho, it's a man lying by the road tide. W h»t in ibe. world ie he doing ? Wewei ton a little farther, end nothing c ula 1 make of the myetery, .when Willie bum out into a roar of laughter. '.Don't you cee?' he eaid. 1 It's Slanter, 'ipsy as an owl, and trying to light hiB pipe at a glow-worm.' So it was. ' Get np,' said Beamish, ' Wb&t; the dence are yon doing there ?' : 1 Trying to light my pipe, eir, as yon Bee, but, these country ineees are never any good.' ' What brings you here, may I ask?' said Beamish You wrote for me, eir ; and, like tbe nobleman who went through life with a m»t'o concealed about hiB pen on, " I an ntre." ' ' Well, as yon are conducting yonrEelf in ibis fashion, for my part 1 wish you were &ny; where else.' 1 Now, Mr. Beamish, don't talk like that. Genius has so many penalties to pay. Buc i ve Drougoc news ior yon, sir. 'intra was a gentleman — at leaBt a man — at your triend'e, when I arrived. He'd something aa looked like s writ, Mr. Beamish. So look out for equails, sir, and remember, it it is so, to eward tbe intelligent being who first Big- iioiled the enemy. Keep your etarboard l-ght wide open, and the watch always on deck. When we got home, we found tbat a man t-ad called at my father's boose, and by hie extreme anxiety abont Beamish, bad fiiBtof all rouBed the servants' suspicions, and tben my father's, who bad been called out to eee him, as he seemed so unwilling to leave. ' Do you bo very particularly wish to see Mr. Be&miBh; ?' said my father. 'Well, it's not bo urgent as all _ that,' replied the visitor, with a meaning Bmile. ' Can I give him any mesfsge s No ; that wouldn't do, I fear.1 My father tben, skilfully evading several leading questions, Bimply confined himself to ihesiatement tbat Beamish was with me, sketching, and that his return was extremely uncertain. ' Can I do anything more for yon ?' he added, ' No,' eaid theBtrauger ; ' it doesn't matter. I only just wanted to shake him by the hand.' It was very evident from poor BeamiBh's manner that the news ereatl? decreased bim. Visii ns of bailiffs, sheriffs officers, and men in poBseBBion, floated through hia excited brain. 1 Shake me by the hand, indeed.' Baid be. Much more likely to tap me on the shoulder. Next - morning Beamish came down to breakfaBt with the appearance of one who bae not slept. Great precautions were observed in our pro- c-ediDgs when we started from home. Tbe country round was carefully inspected from he boueetop, and finding the coast apparently clear, we made off towardB our destination in oejected manner, turning wary eyeB on every side. Slanter carried the materials, as we had determined to bave two days' more work at the north porch of the house. When engaged at our work, Sheppard used to come elowly in and ont of the house, to cbat and gosBip as w»s bis wont. Tale after tale of ghostly and awful visions he had seen, of noises and footsteps that be had hesrd, :ame following one another in one unbroken flow. To-day he waB especially garrulous. ' Yea,' he eaid, 'but the most unkiod thing as ever happened to I, was when tbem piBtol ah- te went off, and I got smothered in blood. ' i'wur in that- autumn wten the front chimney, stacks fell." ' Well !' said I. 'Well,, it were autumn, and it were near midnight, and black as pitch, when as we wne a lying in bed, and the wind a howling round — bang -bang— goes off a lot of pistole, and_ then bang ag-tin. There wee a cashing fall, and all war quiet again. Well, 1 lay and trembled, but my old om>D, she UPS aud I'lihts a candle, and upstairs sbe goes with the poker (women is alius that wilful, you know). Her fumbles about in they gar>ets. when drip, drip, drip comes down eomething we on ' sticky on my face, I strikes a mated and vc-und as it were blocd. Murder, mur der,"! shrieks, the blood be a coining thro SUA Aoilmrr " ' ' Dr»t thee, thou fool,' sayB Sair&h;, who'd just come back. ' 'Tis the elderberry wine as have busted and is a runnin' all over the floor. ' And was it the elderbarry wine? I asked. ' No, no ; it was they ghostB at it again.' ' But didn't you go up and Bee ?' ' Not I, not I,' said Sheppard. ' I wouldn't never go, into that garret on the longest, brightest anmmer'e day as ever was. Suon after thiB little refreshing anecdote, a very old- man, bent almoBt double, came toil ing up i he walk. 1 Who's thie, Sheppard ?' I said. ' Old Billy Ilea, to be sure.' ' Wbo'B he?' ' Oh, that old fool down at the village aB is alius so proud as hia father wur hanged.' ' Curious people hereabouts, Willie,' I Baid, ' and a curious thing to be proud of. But perhaps they think us just as curious.' ' 'Ea'a proud ou't,' says Sheppard, ' cos 'ee ain't got nothing else to be proud on.' And very good philosophy, too,' said Willie. 'Weil, old gentlem&D;, and what do yon rant?' I asked. ' I wauts to know if a yonng gentleman called Beamish is about here ; cos if 'ee be, ar-other gentleman as 'ave left hi9 dogoart down at the inn wants to zee 'on.' ' What sort of gentleman?' ' Tall, round man. DresBed shabby like. A looks like a bailiff, or B.rt of lawyer's clerk.' Beamish turned ghastly pale Su.iden y in rushed Slanter. ' He's coming, ir, he's coming No time to lose. Run up- a>airs. There is an old rickety four-post bed, big enough for ten, upstairs, with some old apegtries thrown over it ; get in or nnner.' Up we rushed. Scuffling up the creaking Hinirca-'e, through three or four passages, into a huge room, facing the bow window of wnlCU Bl» "UU all cuuiujuuo wbitou van. ucu( wicti some mouldering tapestries thrown o?er if, ' Jump in,' said Slanter. In sprang Beamish. The raga were drawn over - hia faoe and body, and there he lay. looking for all the world like a corpse. Slanter and I got into an open cupboard and -hut the door. Preaen'ly we heard voices. Then a prolonged hum of conversation. As the bnok of our cupboard had huge cracks in if, the Bound wae very e'ear, and, we could distinctly hear old Sbeppard relating in hie usual garrulous way the etory of 'The Five Mr. Fyttona' to tbe unknown visitor. After a prolonged talk came a silence ; then \- me mention of a ladder ; then silence again. Five minutes later came a fearfnl crash npon he window-sill, and— a finger tapped upon tbe casement, a face wis presse ! upon the glass, and a voice eaid, ' The Fifth Mr. FmtoN ' Wi'h a yell that might have raised the dead, Beamish .Slanter, and I sprang from onr hiding places to eee- a jolly face. On, how well we knew it; and the owner was knocking for admittance. ' I 'b Smith, eaid Beamish. ' So it iB,' eaid I. ' What in the world'B the meaning of it?' However, with a deep eish of relief, we opened the casement and let him in. 'Now, Smith, explain, please. What's up? ' Only, my dear boy. that I have been hunt ing tor yon for twenty-fonr hours to tell you that Williams, Simp-on and Co., the pub lishers, want twenty good wood drawings of this neighbourhood, and will pay anything for them. I've got you the enmmission ; and as for me, I'm to do tbe letterprese, and have been taking shorthand notes in my pocket- hook ever since I came here. Old Sheppard told me that etory. and 'hat you had hidden under the bed; b'o I got a ladder, and hare I am-1 What a war dance we had of it, and how joyfully we walked home that night ! I think we all dreamt of ' The Fivh Mb. Fittohb.' 