? THE DISAPPOINTED THESPIAN. 1 HE Show came to the country town And spread itself around, 'Twas great on cuff and collar, and Its boots and shoes were sound. Macbeth" was the pet formance. And the house was packed full tight, And Duncan perished gaily When he glanced around that night. Next day unto the fanner came His sou, and to him said, " If I can't go for an actor then I'd just as soon be dead." " My son, my son, ' the farmer said, Consider this thing we'll. 1 he actor's is a dismal life, As Tve heard actors tell. " You might think to see them playing That their lives weie full of cheer, Put their hearts are s re with struggl For their daily beef and beer.' " While you have full aud plenty And a comfortable home, Why should you give away all these With vagabonds to roam ? ' * * # # * Two years passed by, two rolling years, In this procession slow, When back unto the country town Returned the same Old Show. The farmer's son played Hamlet's ghost, The farmer be was there, And, when he recognised his soil You thould have heard him swear. " 1 am thy father's ghost," he heard, And, laughing bitterly, " Will scineone take me out," he said, "lle'll be the death of me." The show broke up in gloom that The actors cleared next morn ; 'I he hard and cruel roadways Played up with many a corn. * * * * * Hut the fanner's sou he stayed behind Aud went back to his sire, Who slew the fatted sheep, and made A feast from barn to byre. That youth's a local preacher now, You should but hear him rage When he rises to denounce, in wrath, The vices of the stage ! An actor-friend of his observes In quiet tones and quaint, " It seems a dashed bad actor May make a dashed good saint." night, " VK. BAKNKS OF NKW VOKK " is an interesting personage in the novel of that name, but in the play now on at the Royal he is quite otherwise. He is mixed up in a plot of more than ordinary interest and well surrounded with suitable upholstery and proper scenery, and he is tolerably well backed up by several actors and actiesses of merit, but he doesn't "^.o." Mr. Darrell has sat upon him hard and crowded him out of existence as far as the present season is concerned. Barnes —the real Barnes—was a lively, active, spry American, cool withal, imperturbably good-natured and inextinguishably free and easy. Mr Darrell is none of these, but walks constrainedly through the part in un-American clothes and accent and doesn't appear to attempt to realise the mercurial Yank at all. Signor Majeroni offers a happy contrast to Mr. Darrell in the completeness and reality of his impersonation of the wicked Count. This is one of the best performances we have seen for a long time. Iu ordinary bands this character would be painfully melodramatic. In Signor Majeroui we have the real villain, not the sawdust bogey. Mr. Flemming is also unexceptionable as the generous and ingenious young naval officer and Mr. Marsh is as pood in his little bit, but Mr. Phillips seems to think that midshipmen in Her Majesty's Navy are cads, and he accordingly presents us with a somewhat offensive specimen of the "youii" gentleman '' of the service. Harry Leston acts becomingly in someopera-bouffe togs and Mr. Vincent fills the twin suit with considerable effect, though we grow tired of a dodd- ring old idiot whose constitution is so saturated with l)loodthirstiness that he spends all his spare time hounding on an innocent girl to commit murder in the first degree. Mr. lloyte is pistolled out of the show in the first act, but his brief career is quite Frenchy, as it should be, and the "Keiflops ' with which his limbs thwack the stage in death is an artistic touch which wecommend to the atteution of those actors who die as if they were putting up their coat-tails and sitting down deliberately in an arm-chair. Among the ladies Signora Mwjeroui is noticeable as being forced to bear off an amount of emotional work that would almost wreck a Bernhardt She is about the only actress in Melbourne who could tackle the contract with anything like hope of success, however, and she achieves some good results, especia'ly in the last act. Miss C) itheroe is surprisingly good as an enfant terrible, (though of course all infants are terrible) and shows very promising ability. Miss Ellicott is about the prettiest disappointment we know of; she doesn't seem to_/( tl her way at all, which is a pity, when she has so much in her favour. The play is beautifully mounted. " THE MAGISTRATE ripens with time and pushes tHe Exhibition and the other variety shows hard in the race for popular favour. There is hardly a flaw in this performance : it is a neat comedy, perfectly acted. h is refined, and yet funny.' The people in the caste seem to have found absolutely congenial parts and they play them conamorr. The laughter of the crowd ripples as steadily as Saturday night beer in a corner pub. and occasional hoarte guffaws from aloft show that the gentleman from wayback with his boots off is enjoying life to the full. Some people think that Air. Poskit's peculiar behaviour in the last act, when his wife tells him the secret of her age, is a bit overdone. But we don't cavil, as after such a night as the old gentleman has had we should think his behaviour might have been unusual even to the extent of such eccentricities as he gives way to. A man who has fallen through a skylight and been chased over half Lrmion by clump-toed bobbies must not be judged by ordinary standards. Mrss ESSIE JENVNS has been giving us something new this week, and making us smile with our accustomed approval. She never does anything badly, and as soon as we have written this copy we're going outside to kick a man who says that Essie isn't as good as the old 'uns. There are a lot of such people, and if their sins let them live to old age they 11 still keep up their yawp about the new aspirants ot being up to the old level, and they'll shake their bald heads and say, " All I but you ought to have seen Jenyns in the old days. 1 ' We think there's a lot of this sort of nonsense getting into print nowadays, and we don't propose to add to it. Miss Jenyns' conception of the character of Beatrice is perfectly intelligent, her acting perfectly human, and her charm ot youth and manner such as to make up a pleasing and natural picture. Mr. Ilolloway is fairly suited with the character of Benedick and long practice has made him easy and natural in the part, but his study of its capabilities has not been as fruitful as his efforts in certain other directions. There is something about Mr. Holloway, however, that enables him to keep on the light side of his audience in everything that he undertakes, and he is inva iibly well received. But we miiBt register our mild protest against such a combination of colours as " Bill" has secured in one of his Benedick costumes ; so mauy reds or reddish hues so mixed up together recall the old artistic si?nile of the tortoise-shell cat having a fit in a platter of tomatoes. There are some useful people in the cast whose names have been crowded out by the unusual press of brilliant and scintillating articles that have been showered upon us this week. If they - and we—survive there will be something said about them anon. THE Opera House was well filled on Saturday evening last, when "The Grand Duchess" was produced by the Emelie Melville Opera Company. The theatre was not particularly over-crowded, though portions of the house were fairly filled. Miss Melville was, of course, well received as the Grand Duchess, several of her numbers being encored. John Ford, who was specially engaged for this representation, also received a warm reception, Sig. Verdi gave a careful and intelligent rendering of Fritz, and Mr. Hubbard made a big Boom. Misses Colbourne-Baber, E. A. Lambert, and .Mr. J ago sustained the other characters, and were frequently applauded. Next Saturday Simonsen's " Spanish Students," musicians and dancers, some twenty-five in number, will make their Australian debut. Of this part}' more anon. THAT solitary house of sorrow, the Alexandra, is now the home and haunt of the hilarious nigger and a large and varied assortment of long, languishing Ethiopians in conspicuous linen and turn-down collars, ornamented with tin diamonds and silk handkerchiefs, is piled upon the stage where once the drama of sentiment gnashed its teeth in impotent rage. Hiscocks and Friedman's Speciality Company has reclaimed the wilderness, and it is now jumped by the excited multitude, aud the great aching void is no more, beingrushed by the giddy throng, whilst the masses have settled ou the waste places, syndicates have swa ined on to the gas brackets, and youth and beauty hang out on the altitudes win re solemn silence brooded like a stuffed mopoke on a hearse. Saturday night last beheld the inauguration of the run. H. and F.'s speciality conglomeration was thrown open to public inspection at eight o'clock, and an audience that was large enough for two theatres and a circus rolled up, and clamoured for front seats, in consequence of which fifty large families were compelled to postpone their trouble and depart, using language. The opening scene of this eventful history is not of a character that justifies the prevailing excitement. We have grown accustomed to feminine charms copiously displayed in minstrel first parts, and when they aiu t there they leave a vacancy that cannot be filled by homely niggers in fi.neral raiment, the prevailing tint is too sombre ; when a man has grown out of his hair aud other youthful follies hie passion for abo-iginals with large gaps in their faces is not so conspicuous a feature as it cnce was. However, some good songs are handed round, and we distinctly heard several jokes that are unknown to the police. Some novelty is infused into the after-part by the admission of a set of brothers in Mephistophelean garb, who twist themselves all askew, contrary to the laws of nature, and drop through articlf s of furniture iuto the outer darkness. Hugh Dempeey carols Irish ditties, and jigs on his head and in other incongenial attitudes in a praiseworthy manner, and Lillie Laurel is a chill of light, who warbles sweet song aud dances lapturously in the garments of the common domestic dude. Devere 