POINTS. 'Tmaiby Jubv.'— To-night. At Buumba.—Gub minuB a gasometer. StulDown. — Mount Morgan shares. CEoraoN very Cry and fust drying up. Nasty jar over that rinking humour. WatebFasone. —Threatened at Broken Hill. Gorge a wee Bhip and aho is ongulphed. ' Let Red Hill FLomtisn.' — So says . an cnthusiuBtio cohoert correspondent. So say wo. ' Ension has been run up for tho Melbourne Cup. ? GiiXAT Biutadj has taken possession of some mon1 South Sea Islund property. Why do not the great Powers map it hi' 0 it tu.d gobble it all up ?, ' Sam WiniiEnT blessed his stars and the jury lor his escape. ., . . Hut Sam, my bhoy, when noxt you seo a row ii. tho street, run with all your legs the other Why, and shout ' polioo' like a lunatic. Ha, that unbelieving Trados Council dares to doubt if Sir Thomas is the friend of tho working roan. What, and all thia after Sir Thomas most cordially allowed. tho working man to plaoohim at the head of tho poll ? Fancy borrowing£40,000 to uphold a Bttiko ! It is a striking proposal. Who is tho capitalist to ho struck with admiration by it ? Haklajt says that he bolongs t3 the 'try company, ' whoso motto is ' try, try, again.' A LKTTEn written'by Gordon has boon found in South Aubtralia. it is belioved that John Gray brought it over. Admiral Fahifax and King George of Tonga have rubbed noses. Where was Baker f Tnn Paris census shows 6,919 Americans, ,11,701 English, and 35,708 Germans. Killed by the use of hemp was a jury'B ?veidict on a man wlio.had been hanged. Rabbits are said to have been killed on the Queeiwlund border. That is quite right ; kill them all at the border. Hipwood says that the papers sot tho two municipal councils together by tho oars. That was very wicked of the papers. The fascination of the commission business loses none of its force. It wipes tho glamour oif the civil tervioe. Sisoulae.— 'David Livingstone' died in South Australia on Sunday .last. Tho Doctor thought ho gave up tho ghost in Africa a few years ago. Tint last law signed by Kiiisor. Frederick was one permitting soldiers of tho Guards to wear full beards instead of moustaches only. A cakal across Italy is being planned to connect the Adriatic and tho Mediterranean. It will begin at Fano. A fashionable London woman recently ap peal cd with a silver banglo ' twined round her whole bust' Reaeinq dogs for their skins is practised in Mnnchuria and Mongolia, just asshoep-farmiug ekewhere. An old pedagogue who was a good toaelior. 1 ad a good flogger one day addressed liis class upon the sixth beatitude, and the substance of his comment has come down to ua : ' ' Blessed iivii Uie pure in heart.' Mind that. It's your n uly to bo pure in heart. If you're not puro iu heart, I'll flog you!' ?Eooib still write to Ruskin. Ono of them recently wrote to him for advice us to entering 3ien-paper work, Ruukiu jotted and blotted some rough notes for lii« secretary to expand iiito a courteous letter of reply, but the secro ?Uuy forwarded the brief notes themselves. They read as follows: 'Cannot adviso — fliould says yes— if he resolves to be still a gentleman as he is a gentleman's son, and to remain honest. 