A GHOST STORY. /HOME’S FIKST VISION. (“ d.' b. mm:' hu ups xxs mataox,” by KAUAXn DOUOLAS BOSK.) Home was, a* usual, with his mend Edwin in the woods. The two bon ware both greet leaders, uud when either of then had found anrthuif; in u book that intonated him, it was •aura to be communicated to the other. On this occasion—it woe in April, Ibid or 1846—Edwin waa full of a ghost story that ha bad just read. The 'eroat iit ralated to is associated with the history of a .noble English family; and I am told that it furnished Sir Walter Scott with the groundwork of one of bis ballads. A lady and her lover had mutually agreed that, if there were a life bey nisi this, the one who died first should appear to tbo survivor. In purvuanoe of.this vow, the lover, within a few days of his death, presented himself to his mistress. She treated the visionaa a dalusion of her senses; on which the spirit stretched forth his hand and laid it on hers, leaving then a mark that was ineffaceable. Many years after be had listened to this legend in the woods of Norwich, Home met in England a member of the family to which it related, and waa iaaored that the history was well authen ticated, and that a portrait of its heroine still existed, known in the family as “ the lady with the black ribbon,” from a oorenng she had always worn on her wrist, to conceal the mark. When Edwin’s ataxy was told the two boys set themselves to diacua it, and alio the powiWHty of such apparitions of departed spirit* to those whom they have loved on earth. With' the romance of thair age, they ended by agree .mg to bind themselves by the same promise that' the.two lovers in the legend had taken, and ex changed tows an the spot, in the moat solemn manner they could devise. A few weeks later Home went to liveet Troy. He waa then about thirteen years of age. In the month of June following be had neon spending the even ing at a friend’s house, and on return ing to that of his aunt fonnd thnt she had already retired to rest. Fearing to be' aeolded for batag late, tew nipbew hastened to follow her ersmjie. It waa a lovely summer's night, and the moon.-ehining through the cur Uinlea window of hie roam, rendered a candle unnecessary; bat at the moment when the bay, having finished his prayers, was slipping 'into bed, ter light waa suddenly darkened, Startled by tbs phenomenon, Home looked op, and bebaM a vision that ha tea described in the opening . chapter of his “ Incidents in My life,” published in the year 1883 by Messrs. Longman: “I was about to drsw tha sheet over me,” he writes, “ when a sudden darkness seamed to pervade the room. This surprised me, inasmuch as I had not seen a cloud in thaeky; and on looking up I saw the moon still shining, but it was on the other side of the darkness, which still grew morn —- until through the darkness there seemed to be a gleam of light, which I cannot describe; but it was similar.to those which I and many otters havs sines seen when the room has been illuminated by spiritual presence. This light increased, and my attention was drawn to the foot.of my bed, when stood my friend Edwin. He appeared as in a cloud of bright ness, illuminating his iaoe with a distinctness mors than aortal. ... He looked on ma with • moile of aweffabl* swsetusaa ;• then, slowly raising the rigbt-arm, he poiated -upward, and, with it three curies in the air, tbs hand began slowly to disappear. Then the arm, ana. finally the whole body, melted away. 'The natural light of the room waa then again apparent. I .was speechless, .and could not move, though I retained all my reasoning As soon as the power of movement was restored I rsng the bell, and the family, ♦hmlrieg I was ill, came to nr room, wtesi my first wbrds words wesc; * I have seen Edwin— he died three days ago/ A day oe two After wards a latter was received announcing the death of Edwin after a very short illness.” Some tune ago the experiments ttey wear were making in Franoe os the effect of tit Label projectile upon hmnan bodies wen noted. Onclsimef corpses from the publii morhuarj wapd boejHelt ww» ast pp sad ihri •t.-■ . • - - 