OUR LONDON LETTER. (Fbom Ode Special Cobbespondent). LONDON, Fbbeuaky 24. Mr Toul, C.M.G., took up office at the Tasmanian Agency on February 18, but, as may well be supposed, did not get into harness until this week. I have already heard many golden opinions of this worthy colonial veteran, and Tasmania may be con- ; eratulated on having such a man for an interregnum, Mr Youl is known to every colonist on this side worth knowing, and he is highly esteemed by all. My readers may be interested to know that Surgeon-Instructor James Robertson (late of the Engineer School, at Shoebury ness), has been formally appointed for Tas mania, and will shortly proceed to take up his duties in instructing young Tasmania how to use her biggest guns to the greatest scientific advantage. Mr Bobertson is a man of about 35, and is quite up in all the latest current improvements in projectiles. Trior to leaving this side he is going down to Ellswick to see what they can show liim there. In particular he is interested in the new pneumatic gun with the disappearing carriage wh-?h bids fair to prove a most formidable weapon. I may add here that Sir Thomas Brady, to whom I recently referred, re the salmon ora, is now in Ireland. He will leave by the Kaikoura with his 400,000,000 ova, and I mean no pun — really deserves a hearty ovation on his arrival, for he has labored hard and well in this matter. Next month and April respectively, the New Zealand Government Agency will send about 200 emigrants and 300 stoats. I may mention that these never go together, as the New Zealand Agency has too much regard for its immigrants, but the_stoats do go, I understand, in passenger ships. I am told that the smell is anything but pleasant, and then there is always some risk of these blood-sucking creatures getting loose ! The cloud of poor live pigeons that liave to accompany the creatures does not commend itself to the human mind. Eeally the P. and 0. must wake up. It is scarcely credible but, nevertheless, quite true, that a friend of mine re ceived two letters by the same post containing the ' first, ' and ' second ' of a bill of exchange. The former was endorsed Britannia, and the latter Oroya. Now, the Britannia, sister ship to the Victoria, is one of the two latest cracks of the world-famed P. and O., and she left Melbourne just a week before the flying Oroya of the Orient Company. Now, very obviously, a week gained, in what is about a month's voyage, is some thing enormous. It is certainly, too, a serious thing when letters intended as a precaution to travel by separate ports, cross the Channel in the same maiL Everybody here rejoices most heartily at the elevation of Sir Henry Holland to the Peerage. He has earned the esteem of all, and the affection of many. No one 1 know has so well borne the difficult part of Colonial Secretary. He is a man really in- . valuable to the Empire in many ways. ! It is stated that under M. Pasteur's in- : structions, three French doctors have already left for Australia to try a plan for ex tirpating rabbits byso wing the hon-ible germ 6 of what is called, I believe, chicken cholera. I am pleased to see that many here are not backward in denouncing this barbarous scheme, which might so easily have tragic issues for human beings as well as for the rabbits. Dabbling in these terrible germs , may be all very well in the laboratory, but ? to sow 6uch a horrible disease broad cast in a country is quite another thing. It is exceedingly hard, and often impossible, to eradicate such evils when once they have taken hold of any place, and here truly, apart from its inherent barbarity and wickedness, is a remedy a thousand times worse than the I disease. ! There are very few colonists about here ! just now. The weather is awful to those accustomed to the Austral world. One day it snows and the next freezes, then it thaws and rains, and after this we have keen cutting easterly gales, which are much more than the average Australian can stand. Indeed, so far, we appear booked for a winter in spring of an xnusufllly. trying .character. In regard to art 'matters, Australian artists here are talking rniout the. Grosvenor gallery. I learn that the free loan of a gallery to the Grosvenor Com pany has led to 6ome warm expressions of dissatisfaction on the part of those locally interested in the picture business, who feel that a foreign competitor thus favored comes into the field at the cost of a direct pecuniary loss to themselves. It is certainly, however, characteristic of the liberal and progressive spirit of the Victorian Government that it should thus step beyond the line of neu trality to welcome a show of advanced English art, but in overlooking its commer cial character, it has undoubtedly made a mistake, and given just ground of com plaint in many ways. An invitation has been sent to all the Agents-General to attend at Brussels on March 15 to take counsel in connection with an International tariff, to be pub lished in four languages. It is with much pleasure I mention the best thanks of the Tasmanian Government have been formally conveyed to Sir Arthur Blyth for his ser vices as Agent-General during a period of nearly four months. These well-merited thanks are conveyed, let me add, in Very emphatic and graceful terms. Sir Herbert Sandford, E.A., who went out in charge of the English paintings to the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, has just arrived at Plymouth. The annual dinner of St. George's Club, just held, was well attended by dis tinguished colonists, and went off capitally. Independent Obdes of Good Tem labs. — At the 15th annual session of the Grand Lodge, I.O.G.T., of Tasmania, held at Hobart on Good Friday last, the nomination and election of officers resulted as follows : — G. Chief Templar, Bro. George White; G. Councillor, Bro. Mitchell ; G. Vice-Templar, Bro. S. H. Williams; G. Secretary, Bro. T. Wiseman ; G. Treasurer, Bro. TT. M'lntosh ; G. Chaplain, Bro. J. Andrews; G. Mar shall, Bro. W. Ellis; G.S.J.T. (North), Bro. G. Brown; G.SJ.T. (South), Bro. G. T Taylor. The appointed offices were then ! filled as follows ; — A.G. Secretary, Bro. Mills ; D. G. Marshall, Sister Owen ; G. Guard, Bro. Denton; G. Sentinel. Bro. Blackwood ; G. Messenger, Sister Tinker. The foregoing office-bearers were after wards duly installed by P.G.W.C.T. Bro. James 'Wallace, assisted by P.G.W.C.T. Bro! C. K. Ellis, and Sister Bobson. Nobthebn Finance Committee. — Th# i Northern Finance Committee held -its usual monthly meeting in the vestry of Holy Trinity Church, yesterday afternoon at 3 j p.m. There were present— Eev. A. Bark way (chairman), Eev. John Chambers, Messrs. Ferrall, and the secretary. The monthly financial statement was read, and the abstract of stipend for month of March was passed for payment. The treasurer reported receipts for the month £147 9s lOd. Audited account of receipts and ex penditure to June, 1887, and to December, 1887, were laid upon the table, and having been received and adopted the treasurer was authorised to lay them before next meeting of synod, together with the esti mates for 1888. There being no other business the meeting closed in the usual manner. I Footbaxl. — A match was played on Monday at Inveresk between the' Nelson and Benview Clubs. Owing to the Ben view putting on more men at half-time the Nelson claimed the match. The game at half-time stood — Nelson, 1 goal 12 behinds ; Ben vie if, 2 behinds. Those who played well for the Nelson were Blundell (2), Stearnes, Yalback, Bly (2), and Rowley, aud for the (losers Niep, Chambers (2), and Batclielor. In Chambehs. — Yesterday Mr Justice Adams sat at the Public TtnilHinr,.- +i,„ bankruptcy jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in Chambers. The business under consideration was in connection with the bankrupt estate of Edward West. The bankrupt, Mr T. W. Monds, and the Eev. W. Law were examined. Mr A. H. Davis appeared on behalf of the trustee, and Mr J. B. Waldron on behalf of the bankrupt and Mrs West. On the conclusion of the examination of the witnesses, Ilis Honor intimated that he would reserve his deci sion in the matter. FACTS AND FANCIES. Homoeopathic and other prepared Cocoas which thicken in the cup are indigestible, ' being mixed with starch, and are not one-third ' part so nourishing as Cadbury's Cocoa Essence, which is absolutely pure. Inquest.— An inquest was held at Pleas ant Hills, near Muddy Plains, yesterday, at the residence of the deceased before His Honor Mr Ernest Whitfield, J.P., coroner, and a jury of seven, to enquire into the cause of the death of John James Wing, who died on Monday, April 2. The jury having been duly empamielled, elected Thomas Gole as their foreman, and having viewed the body of the deceased, the fol lowing evidence was taken Frank Wing, a son of the deceased, denosed On Easter Monday my father and I were burn ing scrub at my brother's in the afternoon. I was with him about an hour, and then went into another paddock to my brother, a quarter of a mile away. He was sitting down on a log, when I left him and com plained to me of a pain in the chest. We had been burning alongside a fence, and had been woi king hard to keep it under. My brother Albert and I afterwards came home without going back to my father. I did not again see him alive. Albert Wing, another son of the deceased, deposed : I identify the body viewed as that of my father. About 12 o'cloock noon on Monday last I was with my father. When we got to the lower run he said he would see to the fire, and I went after some sheep that had strayed. On my return to him I found he had just finished beating the fire out from near the fence, and he then sent me off to another fire. My brother Frank was with liim when I left. He said before I left that lie would send Frank to me as soon as he had the fire secure. Frank came to me about half an hour later, and soon after we went home to dinner, expecting to find him there. He had not come home . and after I had had my dinner I got on my horse and went to see where he was, and I found him lying dead on the road about 50 yards from where I had last seen him. He was quite well and hearty when we walked down to the fire. I did not hear him complain of being ill that day. It was about 2 o'clock when I left him to go to the other fire, and it was about 5 when I found him dead. Dr. William Gordon Maddox deposed : I have viewed the body of the deceased. There is a slight abrasure on the left cheek, probably caused by his falling. About four or five \enre »-ro I knew him to be in good health, and he then had no sign of heart disease. About eighteen months ago deceased had an attack of bronchitis, combined with asthma, causing shortness of breath, and a feeling of tightness across the breast. That, in my opinion, had weakened the heart, and caused dilatation. Any violent exercise, such as beating out a bush fire, would be liable to produce an attack of fatal syncope. That, in my opinion, has been the cause of death. The jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. Art Exhibition at the Town Hall. —We are glad to notice that Miss Pears house's art exhibition at the Town Hall continues to attract an increasing number of visitors. The hall now presents a remarkably attractive appearance, and yes terday some valuable additions were made to the already admirable collection of pic tures. From Nicholas' studio we noticed two of the finest specimens of the photo graphers art ever shown in the island. The subjects are life size colored portraits on porcelain, and for harmony of color, finish, and delicate treatment, nothing like them has been seen this side of the water: the framed group of portraits are also worth a special visit, if only to see what surprising advances have been made in photography. Mr Luttrell's pen and ink sketch also attracted attention, and when it is considered it was done when only 10 years of age it has been universally acknowledged to be a true work of art. During the evening the vocal and instrumental selections were a special attraction. Mr Bosworth's pianoforte solos were the feature of the evening, and Mr Alex. Scott, who was in his best voice, sang that ever-beautiful song ' The King's Minstrel,' with admirable effect ; Mr C. A. Morris also contributing a solo, ' The Mountebank.' Two talented little per formers, Miss and Master Huston, however, are deserving of special mention, as their instrumental duet was really a clever per formance. They played with much taste, and gave unmistakable evidence of being distinguished musicians. Launceston Benevolent Societt. — The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the above-named society was held yester day afternoon in the Mayor's-room at the rownuaii. There were present — Messrs. E. L. Di tcham (in the chair), J. Stephenson, G. Babington, M. Tyson, G. Baker, T. H. Urquhart, J. Tulioch, His Worship the Mayor, and H. Fraser (secretary). The following business was transacted:— One woman with a large family, whose husband was recently injured at the wharf, had a double ration granted her, the husband being at present an out-patient at the hos pital. A ration and a half was ordered to be given to a woman with three children. One woman had her relief reduced to one ration. The case of another woman was brought under the notice of the committee. Her husband had deserted her, and his whereabouts were unknown. It was decided to inform the woman that she must take out a warrant for his arrest, and in the meantime her case would be considered. A man who had been receiving relief had his grant reduced to one ration. One woman's case was left in the hands of the chairman to deal witb. The quarterly report of relief cases was presented by the secretary, and handed over to the chairman for perusal. The monthly accounts, amounting to £61 5s 4d, were passed for payment, and a repay ment of 10s was reported. The committee then adjourned. Whebe is oub Sanitary Officeb. — It is generally acknowledged that Corra Lmn is one of the prettiest spots in aud around Launceston, but we fear the olfac tory organs of those residents in and around, or visiting the locality during the past week or ten days must have been pretty well nauseated. On last Thursday week a poor old nact got off the land of one of the ; settlers on to the road, and eventually died there. On the following day another land holder in the district drew his attention to the matter, threatening to lay an informa tion against him if the carcase were not removed. True, on the caution given, the carcase was at once removed from the public highway, but only to be thrown over on to the rocks abutting on the river, where it now lies a mass of putrifaction, contaminating the air for a long distance around the spot where it lies. Fere Neab Delobaine.— On Tuesday night last, about 10 o'clock, a fire occurred on the premises of Mr Eichard Hampton, near Deloraine. A stack of hay, about six or seven tons, also a stack of straw, was consumed. Mr Eoss, of Early Hises,who was fortunately passing just as the fire was ignited, gave the alarm, Mr Hampton and family having retired. As soon as the alarm was given Mr Lovejoy and a number of people arrived from the township, and with the assistance of members of the family, a Dutch barn containing wheat in sheaf, and hay, was saved. Owing to the stillness of the night and a good supply of water, with the ready help of Mr Fitzgerald, Council Clerk, Charles Durham, and others, who worked well, a wholesale destruction of the entire premises was Prevented. Knf. hoinrr insured, however, it will be a serious loss to the owner, who is a small settler and general contractor, The absence of all the members of the police force was noticeable on this occasion. From all appearances the fire was the work of an incendiary. Cbicket. A cricket match was played on Monday last between the White Hill Club and Patersonia on the latter's ground, resulting in a victory for the White Hill team. The local captain winning the toss, decided to bat, and his team put together 40 runs, of which E. Donovon contributed 10, and J. Donovon 9. The visitors then took the bat and made 41 runs, the only one making double figures bjing A. Peck who scored 18. The local men again tried their luck, and only made 17. The visitors in their second innings made 43, leaving it a win for the latter by 27 runs. The lion's share of the work was done by Johnstone and Peck, the former securing six wickets and the latter lour. I-or the home team W. Apted bowled well, securing six wickets, and Donovon and Coplestone two each. Lawn Tennis.— A friendly contest took place at Longford on Tuesday between the ladies of the local club aud the Misses Norman (4), of Cressy, the latter winning five sets to their opponents' three. The score was as under; — Misses Wayn and WL' more beat Misses M. and L. Norman ; G— 3. Misses Dodery and II. Wilmore beat Misses E. and V. Norman ; G — 2, and 6 — 5. Misses E. and V. Norman beat Misses Wayn and Wilmore ; 6— 4, and 6—3. Misses j M. and L. Norman beat Misses Dodery and i II. Wilmore ; G— 2, and 6—3. Misses M. and I L. Norman beat Messrs. Wayn and Wilmore- ' 6-1. Death of an old Colonist. The sudden death of Mr John Wing, of Pleasant Hills, West Tamar, particulars of which will be found in another column, causes another vacancy in the ranks of our old colonists. Mr Wing arrived with the late Mr W. Barnes, father of Mr Barnes, of Trevallyn, about 48 years ago. In 1852, in conjunction with his brother-in-law, Mr Atkinson, he leased 320 acres at Pleasant Hills, and subsequently purchased the block, where he has since lived and brought up a large family, while he also some time since took up another section of 200 acres about three-quarters of a mile nearer Rose vears, which is now being worked by one of his sons. The block on which the deceased lived was among the last location grants issued by the late Lieut -Governor Colonel George Arthur, having been granted to the late Mr Atkinson on January 11, 1827\. About 18 months ago the deceased had a severe attack of bronchial-asthma, since which he has suffered from pains and tightness across the chest, and the medical evidence at the inquest indicated that dilatation of the heart had emanated from this attack, and that death had ensued from syncope, consequent on hard labor in subduing a bush fire. The deceased was a hard-working, straightforward man, a member of the Church of England, and universally esteemed by all with whom he came in contact. The interment will take place at the Windermere Cemetery to-day at 1 p.m. St. Joseph's Band. — In our somewhat hurried notices of the doings at the late Easter Encampment, we were unable to give that credit to the St.-Joseph's.who composed the Eegimental Band, which they deserve. Their playing morning and evening was one of the features of the whole encampment, and we have seldom heard so many compli ments showered on any band of performers as were bestowed on the band attached to the Launceston Rifle Regiment. Some of their marches were admirably played, and they at once made themselves famous on the 'tented field,'' when they led tlie Northern Contingent into camp, just before the break of dawn, to the tune of that soul-stin-ing march ' .11 ways Heady.' Oddf :llows' Hall.— We have pleasure in drawing our readers' attention to tbe fact, that the talented Ethel Grey Dramatic ( ' jm;-any make their appearance at the above Hall to-night. A very attractive programme will be presented, the perfor mance commencing with the sparkling comedietta ' Withered Leaves,' and con cluding with an olio and the amusing farce, ' The youth who never saw a woman,' in which Miss Ethel Grey, Miss Edith Stewart, Mr Stilling Duff, and other popular artistes will appear. This is an attractive and amusing bill, and we trust there will be a good attendance. The Technical Institute.— Last even ing the committee of the Government Technical Institute met at the office of Mr G. T. Collins, wli. :i there were present — Messrs. G. T. CollL.i (-vlio was appointed chairman), P. Barrett, 'i\ Hogs, and J. Gunn. After a little discussion, the chairman was instructed to communicate with the Government to ascertain the powers aud duties of the local committee. Mr A. Ever shed's offer of service as hon. secretary was accepted, subject to the approval of the Government. Mabia Island. — The requisite accom modation for those who are to develop this great enterprise is being pushed on with vigor, but difficulty is being found in obtaining carpenters in the capitaL Mr Foot, who has been superintending the works, ran up to Launceston last Friday, and on Monday was able to return with the half dozen skilled workmen he required to make up his full complement on the work. The State of Ibeland. — We recently announced in our cablegrams that two men named Hayes and Moriarty had been sen tenced to death for the murder of James Fitzmaurice, a farmer, at Listowel, on the 31st January. The following are the par ticulars of this crime given m the English papers : — ' The victim was a farmer named James Fitzmaurice, aged about 60 years, who lived about two miles from the village of Lixnaw. Two years ago the deceased, held a farm jointly with Mr Samuel Hussey, but both were evicted. Almost immediately afterwards James Fitzmaurice took the farm on his own account, and thus incurred popular displeasure. He was rigidly boy cotted, and for six months past he has been under special police protection. He left home in a cart, accompanied by one of his daughters, aged 20 years, for the purpose of taking a couple of pigs to Listowel market. He was accompanied for some distance by two policemen, but at his request they left him at a point about a mile from the scene of the subsequent tragedy. After passing through Lixnaw, Fitzmaurice noticed a young man who was walking along the road behind. Shortly afterwards the man was joined by another, and both commenced to, run after the cart. The old man, against i his daughters advice, jumped out of the cart and walked along behind it. He did not apparently apprehend any danger, and when the men came near liim he walked back to meet them, again disregarding the girl's entreaties. The girl saw the men meet, and it was evident that words passed between them, although she could not hear distinctly what was said. Fitzmaurice seemed to lose liisjtemper, for he raised his whip as if to strike the two men, who im mediately seized him by the collar, drew their revolvers, and fired point blank into the unfortunate man's body. The noise frightened the horse, which started off at a gallop, and the girl was unable to pull up until the cart had gone some considerable distance. As soon as she could she got out of the cart, and ran to her father's assist ance. The murderers had rushed off in the direction of Lixnaw. The old man tried to follow after the cart, bat he had walked only 40 paces when he sank to the ground exhausted with the loss of blood, and never again rallied. The girl rushed to a house some 20 yards away, and, having obtamed assistance, carried the poor old man into the place. In June last year the following resolution was passed by the Lixnaw branch of the National League: — ' That as James Fitzmaurice, of Ahabeg, still persists in allowing his cattle to graze on the farm from which h is brother Edmond was re cently evicted, and refuses to give any explanation to the League in extenuation of his ^conduct, we hereby call on the public to mark him as a land-grabber of the most inhuman type.' ' PopuLABirr of Young Mabbied Women. — An American paper gives seven reasons why the young married women will ' carry everything before them ' during the winter season. Here they are : — First : The young married women are more beautiful than the girls, because by a simple law of nature the best-looking maidens are in the best demand for wives. Second: The young married women are better dressed than the girls, because they have the infinite re sources of a trousseau to draw from. Third : The young married women are more inde pendent than the girls, because they have no chaperon to watch them, and their husbands rather like to sit and smoke while they dance the germau. Fourth: Young married women are more interesting than the girls, because they have taken a step which every fellow contemplates, and can give one point. Fifth: Young married women are better fun than the girls, be cause they can be spooned without en tanglement. Sixth: Young married women are better social investments than the girls, because they have establishments and opera boxes of their own, and can give invitations without asking mamma. Seventh : Young married women are more tantalising than the girls, because they be long to other fellows. An Ijepobtant Discoveby. — Perhaps the most wonderful thing that has been discovered of late is the new glass which has just been made in Sweden. Our common glass contains only six substances^ while the Swedish glass consists of foui teen, the most important elements being phosphorus and boron, which are not found iu any other glass. The revolution which this new refractor is destined to make is almost inconceivable, if it is true, as is positively alleged, that, while the highest power of an old-fashioned microscopic Ions reveals only the one four hundred thousandth part of an inch, this new glass will enable us to distinguish one two liundred-and-f our- million - seven - hundred thousandth part of an inch. That dire disease, whose ruthless powers. Withers the beauty's transient flower, Can be nipped in the bud by a few doses of Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture. Keep it in the house. It may save valuable lives. Emebson says — 'Fear always springs trom ignorance.' If it was more generally known that the ravages of fever may be stayed by taking Daily's Liver and B'lood Mixture no one need dread the disease. A Joubnalistic ' Stbay.' — The last story of poor Archibald M'Neill going the rounds of the papers is as follows ; — There are a good many strange features in London journalism. For some years past a writer, whose signature was ' Miranda,' furnished Sundry columns of girly-girly gossip every we-Sk td the Lady a Pictorial, and now it comes as father a shock to the readers of that paper to discover that ' Miranda' was a male individual, find bore the name of Archibald M'Neill. Young girls, middle aged girls, elderly girls — girls of all sorts, in fact — poured their confidences into ''Miranda's' ear. They wrote asking him to expound dark points regarding stockings and frilling; they consulted him on cos metics and hair washes, and things that would remove pimples; they took his opinion on the subject of trimmings for very delicate garments which are worn in the silent watches of the night ; and ' Miranda' answered them all, and breathed soft confidences into the pink ear of the public. They all gave themselves away under tlie impression that he was a woman ; and be wasn't a woman, after all. And now ' Miranda' has come to a sudden end. It would have been all right, doubtless, if he had confined himself strictly to writing women items, as that is an occupation at which comparatively few men get mur dered if they are ordinarily careful, but he went away to report the Smith-Kilrain prize fight, and a day later his dead body was found on the sea shore near Boulogne. A Pabisian Ghost. — A kind of succes sor to the famous Cock Lane ghost has been ' raised' and run to earth in a rather dis mal part ot rans. rue apparition, uic Paris correspondent of tbe Daily Telegraph say s, was in the habit of making its manifestations near the lugubrious Camps de Navets, or 'turnip field,' where the mangled remains of decapitated criminals are finally deposited after the doctors have done with them. For the past fortnight the people who dwell near the cemetery have been frightened by the ' bogy,' which usually selected cioudy nights for it walks abroad. The spectre was described as being of gi gantic size, with long arms, and some market gardeners who had passed near it in their carts during the small of the morning said oneof their number had firedawliole pocket ful of bullets from a revolver at it without touching it. The inhabitants of the Ivry township became so terror-stricken that not one of them would venture near the grave yard at night. Legends and tttles were being fast concocted by the oldest' inhabi tants, in order to impress the young people with a due idea of the thrilling experiences of their elders: and it was darkly hinted that the ghost might he the shade of one of the murderers whose debris finds a resting-place in the Ivry graveyard. The more practical inspector of police of tlie district, however, regarded the ghost from a nineteenth cen tury point of view, and when the mysterious movements of the gigantic figure with the long arms were brought to bis cognizance lie snrewaiy conjecturea tuat tue loug arms were in search of something. He accordingly organised a razzia as if the ghost was a vulgar nocturnal prowler, and Sis men sta tioned themselves behind a clump of trees. Soon they saw the phantom rise from a grave, and direct its steps towards a potato field close to the cemetery. Having uncere moniously climbed a wall between it and ; the potatoes, the apparition proceeded to a hiding-place, whence it drew forth a hand cart, which it began to fill with potatoes. The policeman charged at the midnight potato-robber and handcuffed him. The apparition, enveloped in his winding-sheet, was then marched to the station-house, where he was speedily identified as a juvenile delinquent of the parish who had already qualified himself for change of air beyond the seas, by divers offences which he had planned with great ingenuity. Miss Wigmore resumes her musical in struction on April 6. Miss Eicliards will resume duties at the ladies' school, Charles- street, on April 5. Blue Ribbon meeting Wharf Mission Hall to-night at 7'30. The City School re-opens on April 9. Even ing classes Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The first annual meeting of the T.E.C. Football Club will be held at the Royal Tasman Hotel on April 6. A Wonhebful Food and Medicine known and used by Physicians all over ihe world. ' r-coTTS Emulsion' noton'y gives fle-h and strength by virtue of its own nutritious proper ties, but create- an appetite f r food thai buil ls up the waited body. Read the follow ing: — ' Scott sEmdlsion' is, in my opinion, an excellent and valu-.ble comp iund. I have given i' to Consump'ive patients and have b-en de'iehtftd with the results obtained. It is pleasant ti the taste, and can be borne by the most fensative stomach. E. A Rodway, M.D., Butter-Knowle, Darlington, Ene. Luvje and small bottles at all Chemists — Price, 5s and 2* 6d. 