GH®STS ON TEE ©CEAN. Ix the twenty years of my seafaring life I had two experiences with haunted ships. The term may provoke a' smile, but if there are haunted houses why shouldn't there he haunted ships ? As to the question of the 5Vn nr-'T ri n/fm rn 1 T A" - — A VJJ. XLtCbJ UUb UCCI UCiiC> OI I will give you the incidents just as they occurred, and if you can explain everything satisfactorily to yourself I shall be gratified. An English brig called the Charles, iD making her first voyage from Liverpool to Boston, had some trouble with her crew, and in putting it down the Captain shot a sailor named Jack Wallace. Jack lived about an hour after being hit, and he cursed the Captain high and low, and he vowed by all that was good that he would haunt the brig as long as she floated. I'm blessed if he didn't begin the haunting business that very night, creating a.n alarm which made even the first mate shake in hi3 boots. On getting into Boston every man but the second mate deserted her. She loaded her cargo, shipped another crew, and on the way to England Jack's ghost lacked up such a row that the men were for taking to the boats in mid-ocean and deserting tbo brig. Every man of them, mate and all, left her at Liverpool, and it was two weeks after she was ready to sail again, , this time for New Orleans, before she could get a crew. News of an affair of this sort spreads about sooner or later, and further than you would imagine, even without the help of the newspapers, and Jack Tar will not sail in a haunted ship for any man's money. The brig reached New Orleans after a long passage, and had scarcely been tied to the wharf when everybody deserted her. the Cap tain going with the rest. There was a regu lar stampede, and the vessel wub left in the hands of the consignees at the drop of the hat. I found her two weeks after this with her load of cotton all aboard and her sails bent for sailing. Her old crew had talked more or less, and double wages were being offered for a crew. First mate's place was offered me, while an English sea captain had come down from New York. We regarded the ghost business as all nonsense, and were prepared to grapple with any spirit or inves tigate any mystery. By our own personal efforts we finally picked up a crew, getting hold of men here and there, who had just come into port from long voyages and had heard nothing to the brig's prejudice. We dropped down the river aud got tu sea with out a single sailor having heard anything, and none of them was looking for the mys terious. We were well out to sea before night of tbe first day, and when I came on deck at midnight to stand my watch there was a steady breeze and a moderate sea, and the captain's watch had had an easy time of it. The men of my watch took a pull at a brace here and there, and inside of a quarter of au hour all except the lookout, were stowed away here and there to catch cat naps. I was pacing the deck with every thing very quiet below and aloft, when my attention was attracted to the sight of a sailor coming aft. I was on the starboard quarter, and be came along down close to the port rail, and made as if to go to the wheel. His footsteps gave out no sound, and he came along with a sort of a glide I never could de- A scribe. It was a breach of discipline for a foremast hand to appear on the quarter-deck without a special errand or without saluting, B and when I saw this man making his way along the quarter toward the man at the wheel it struck me that he was walking in his sleep. I picked up a rope's end and H started for him, but he glided ahead like a shadow, passed within two feet of the man at H the wheel, and went out of sight like a flash. Next instant the sailor let go of the spokes of the wheel and staggered about, and tbe brig would have come up into the wind had I not jumped for the wheel. I yelled out and raised an alarm, and the men threw a buoy over, and we presently stopped our way and made ready to lower a boat. It was then discovered that no one was missing. Every man aboard of that craft was there to answer to Ms name. H The Captain set out to give me a keel- hauling for creating such an alarm, but I took him aside, called to the sailor who had seen all, and we told our story in a way which put the old man into a pickle. "While he had to believe us, he wouldn't believe in tho supernatural, and no man could have been more uneasy. ' Here is what I saw, sir,' replied the fore mast hand when asked for his version of the matter. ' I think I saw. the spook before Mr. Temple did. I thought it was one of the men coming back to make a report to him, but when I saw him hear off to port, and saw Mr. Temple start for him, I bc-lieved it was a case of sleep-walking. The thing came so close that I could have touched it, and there was a smell of dead folks about it. There was a sailor look to the face — it being a youngish chap — and his two hands were clasped on his side like this. He fetched a sort of groan as he passed me, and he went over the stern as softly as a leaf falls to the ground, and without a splash. This is a haunted craft, sir, and I give " ' Shut up ! ' Mssed the captain. ' Tell me that again and I'll clap you in irons.' ' But who was it, sir ? ' ' Both of you were dreaming, and if I hear any more of it somebody will hear from me.' He further requested that nothing he said to the men, and, although he tried to make light of the matter, I knew that he was deeply puzzled. The sailor was as good as his promise, and said nothing, and nothing further happened until the third night. The second mate, as you may know, is really in charge of the Captain's watch, and this officer, Mr. Graves, was on duly, and the time was 11 o'clock, with my watch all below when something happened. His watch had just been trimming the yards, and could not therefore, be charged with dreaming. All of a sudden a figure appeared among them. It was first seen at the scuttle butt, and one of the men, who was after a drink of water, spoke to it under the impression that it was one of his shipmates. It glided away, and at the same moment his nostrils were greeted with such an odor that he cried out in dis gust. The strange figure was seen by four men of the watch as it glided to a point a few feet abaft the foremast, and there stood for two or three minutes with hands pressed upon its side, and its body waving to and fro. A man of the name of "Will Ketch — a chap who had never feared man or devil — called out to the mysterious personage ; ' If you are playing a trick on us look out for yourself.' "With that he picked up a bucket, or belay ing pin, or weapon of some sort wMeh was bandy by, and gave it a fling at the figure, and toe mysterious personage vanished at the snap of your finger. There was a ro w which brought us all on deck, and now the fact that there was a mysterious something aboard the brig could be no longer concealed. The Cap tain raved and blustered, but the men had seen what they had seen, and it was no use to brow-beat . them. The watch below re fused to turn.ip again. The Captain under took to -drive them at the muzzle of his revolver, and they threatened to jump over board. There may be a haunted house in a neigh borhood, but no one fears it unless he passes it. Here was a ship believed to he haunted, aud yet no one could get away from it. I confess that things did look at least ' queer ' to me, and while the Captain pooh-j>oohed and talked in a loud voice, I realised that he was a bit shaky. Mr. Graves also blustered about, swearing at the men and advising a dose of belaying pin to cure their nonsense, and when the Captain told him to turn in he went down to bis berth with- a laugh and a swagger. Three minutes later he returned to us with a face as white as chalk, and it wae a full minute before he could use his tongue to stammer out : < The — toe thing is in toe cabin !' "Without a word in reply we descended the compaiiionj with Mm — the Captain going first, I next, and Mr. GraveB bringing up the rear. As we passed along the hall' and pushed open the cabin door, toe figure of a man could be made out on toe far side of the cabin, where the shadows were darkest. It was as plain as any human figure could be, though we could not make out the face and other details. "We stared at it for half a minute, and then the Captain pulled Ms revolver and banged away. There was a sort of groan following his shot, and when the smoke cleared away we took a light and searched in vain for traces of our mysterious visitor. He had departed. It was confessed to the owners, and to the press, that the officers and crew of that brig slept on deck every night after that until the end of the voyage. Indeed, there were only two sailors among the crew who would venture into the forecastle in the daytime, and the steward could not have been kept in his place except by threats. We were "ridiculed and laugted at as a crew, but it is a matter of history that the Charles never made another voyage. She could not get a Charter, nor could she have got a crew if she had, and after rotting in ordinary for a couple of years she was knocked to pieces. M3- second experience was on the ship Homeward. I shipped on her at Liverpool for a voyage to the Cape of Good Hope and return. I had not set ej'es on her, and knew her only by the name when I went aboard with my traps. I had a first mate's berth , aud understood that the officer filling that place had been taken suddenly ill, two days before the ship was ready to sail, and I had to bustle away without making inquiries. As I approached her I encountered a man skulking away, and believing him to be a deserter, I reached out for him. I got his collar, but he broke my hold, and as he ran away I heard him say : 'Aye, but I'd sooner sail the sea in a coffin.' I gave this remark little attention, even when I found out aboard that he was a de serter. Ho was one of the six men who had come off to the ship in the morning, and no body could tell why he had cut sticks. "We had a pretty good idea three or four days later. There were only five men aboard when I climbed over the rail — only five sailors. The cook and steward were there, us also a cabin boy, but the Captain -was ashore, and no one could tell me whether a second mate had been shipped or not. About midnight the sMpping agents sent me eleven or twelve men, every one of them helplessly drunk, and a little latc-r on caine the Captain. He had been drinking heavily, and after trying to tell me his name and failing to understand mine, he went to his cabin with toe order that I should call him at six o'clock. We were all ready to warp out, the work of only half an hour from our berth, and the tide would not serve until midforenoon. I appointed a sMpkeeper and turned in myself, but the druuken fellows were bouud to have their farewell carouse, and I got no sleep through the night. Less than half of them were of any use next morning in warping the sMp out. The Cap- taiu came on deck perfectly sober, and when I said something about the condition of the crew he replied : i 'Yes, it's beastly, Mr. Temple, but we couldn't have got 'em aboard sober, you know. Let a whisper get out about a craft and sailors act like fools.' I had my mouth open to ask what stories were in circulation regarding the Homeward, when the Captain, whose name was Robin son, gave me an order and walked away. The second mate, who seemed to have been on a spree with toe men, came up and intro duced himself. His name was Anderson, and he apologised for his presence by saying : ' I hung out to the very last, hoping to get another ship, but I had to take the berth. Do you think they are very had ?' ' What?' ' The ghosts.' ' Is toi3 a haunted ship.' 'Didn't you know it was? They say she has been deserted in every port and that she changes Captains every trip, but perhaps it is only sailor talk. I hope we shall have no trouble, sir.' He sidled away in a half-ashamed manner, and all hands, or all who were of any use, at : once began warping the sMp out, and before: noon we were on our way out. After we were fairly off, the men began to knock, themselves together, the Captain and second mate acted like different men, and when the watches were set, I had forgotten the words dropped by Mr. Anderson. He was a thorough sailor and full of discipline, aud one woidd have judged by his face that he had great force of character. Nothing occurred to create an alarm for three days. Then, one night during my watch, a man in the Captain's watch, who was below, came on deck and said to me : ' Mr. Temple, it must be that we have a stowaway aboard. "We have heard groans and sighs and sobs for toe last two nights, and some of the men declare toe ship is haunted. There comes the watch, sir, driven out by the noises. Won't you please make a search ?' It was true that every man in the Captain's watch had tumbled up, and I knew that they must he badly frightened to thus exhibit themselves. X took a long look at the weather, saw that everytMngwas fair and then descendeded to the forecastle alone. Not a man dared to follow me down there. I wasn't even nervous. If there were groans and cries, they must come from some poor devil who had secreted himself in the hold, and who was now ill and starving. I had only reached the foot of the ladder when I felt the touch of an icy hand on my face, and next instant my hair was on end. Some one ! was sighing, groaning, and weeping. The sounds did not come from any one direction. At one momeni they seemed to come from the very eyes of toe sMp, and the next they were heard at the bulkhead which divided the place from the hold. I felt too, all the time as if somebody was moving about me, and I put up my hand to prevent my throat being clutched. I frankly admit to ycu that I was scared, but I was determined not to show my feelings to the men, and as I went on deck again I carelessly said to them : ' The noises come from the hold. Some one has stowed himself away, and we'll have "him out to-morrow.' I left it with them to go hack or remain on deck, and not one of them, nor yet a man in my own watch, would go below until day light came, when, strange to stay, the noises died away. The Captain and Mr. Anderson both saw that something was wrong as soon as they came on deck. The Captain received the news very quietly, asking a question now and then, and when I had finished he replied : ' Very well, sir. After tho men have had their breakfast we will search the hold. We had one, but it was fruitless of result. It was thorough enough to convince us that no person was Mddenaway. The Captain had very little to say, seeming, as I thought greatly distressed in mind, hut I finally brought Mr. Anderson over to agree with me that the noises were produced by toe rubbing of tbe cargo, though why we should, not hear them in the daytime as well I could not explain. The noises began about 9 o'clock the next night. Both Mr. Anderson and' myself went down and listened to them, but we could not prevail upon toe Captain to accompany us. Before 10 o'clock the men were in such a state of trepidation that it was impossible to separate them to do duty, and an hour later, when I went into the cabin to consult with the Captain, he lookedut me in tho queerest manner and said : ' Mr. Temple, we must go hack to Liver pool. This ship is haunted, and if we pursue the voyage wo are lost.' With that he burst into tears and went off to his stateroom and locked himself in. It was a hard position to find myself in, for I now believed that toe Captain had gone daft, and too second mate was so rattled that his advice was no good. I determined to hold the ship on ber course, however, and she was pursuing it when, at 2 o'clock in the morning, the Captain suddenly rushed on deck and sprang overboard with a yell, and though we laid the ship to and lowered a boat, we found no trace of him. I then put the ship about and carried her into Liverpool, and it was the last voyage she ever made. — JS'ew Yoak Sun. 