OUR PARIS LETTER. (FROSf OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. . PARIS, 14TH JANUART. The inspector-general of prisons is reported to be preparing a comprehensive scheme for deal ing with criminals and penitentiaries. The base of the measure will be, what may be said to only exist at present in name — a classification of the criminals, and the utilisation of the male condemned on homo and colonial public works. Old war ships will serve as floating prisons. The proposed project has in its favor that it involves not so much the expenditure of fresh grants of money as the recasting of tho sums annually voted. Iu the present penury of the French Treasury — just capable of making both ends meet — any plan, whether for tho repression of vice or the promotion of virtue, is certain to receive tho fato of " lying on the table of the House," which is only a less courteous manner of shelving a hill than the ordering it to be read "that day six months." The separation of offenders in the bud from contact with full- . blown or matured criminals wonld alone be a reform worthy of a Howard or a Mrs. Pry. The authorities seem at last to realise that after exposing young detenus to tho corrupting leaven of Bill Sykes and Moil Flanders, it is not even handed jus tice to punish them when later they develops into accomplished malefactors. It is thus that in the Saint Lazare prison of Paris — founded liy St. Vincent de Paul, and where for a certain time he was in terred — which is wholly allocated to females, other erring sisters are no longer required to herd with public prostitutes, The male cnlprit6, primarily inclnding the standing army of recidivistes, will be em ployed on harbors and seaboard improvements, under the direct surveillance of the authorities; others will be engaged in trade work in prisons, and a. third category will be drafted to form colonies and to reclaim some of the vast waste lauds in the south-west of France. The output of prison industry, and of the criminal rnral colonies, will he so conducted as not to clash with or undersell the general com petitor. This will be effected by the Go vernment handing over the employ ment of the culprit labor to a com pany, whose sales will be controlled by a mixed and impartial commission, and who will be bound to divide profits, after reaching a cer tain figure, with the Government. The latter, on their side, will recompense the criminal wnrt rvonnlrt and thus mil nri anrl fn a mnH?_ tude of abuses. As for the incarcerated who refuse to work, the cellular system will be enforced without maudlin sympathy. . The ticket of leave solution is unsuitable to France ; not only do life-honest artisans refuse to work or associate with liberated gaol birds, but masters themselves have a repugnance to ex-culprit hands. The best districts in the. territories of Senegal and Cayenne will bo reserved for discharged prisoners, whom tho Government will treat as assisted colonists. Not much allusion is made by the French press either to the evacuation of the New Hebrides, or to its Siamese question, the rati- fication of the Suez Canal treaty. However, France is picking her steps cautiously among the crowd of delicate and entrapping foreign ques tions wherein she has to five, move and have her heing, liko every other great power. The crossing of the A1 Sirat by the Mahometans after death is not mora difficult than the march-' ing of European Governments over tho burning political marl. The Day of Judgment may come before Turkey ratifies- the canal treaty Happily the . " Sick Man " does not refuse to sigu — he only demands time. - Sir William. Hamilton believes there is plenty of the latter for everyone, as the sun will not, like cer tain ottier monarchs, retire from busi ness for at least ten million years. Despite Blue and Yellow Books, the French maintain that it wa9 the English Cabinot proposed to tag on the settlement of the New Hebrides conflict to the inter- nationalisation of the Suez Canal. The mixing of oil and vinegar to produce a com mon sweet is rather a modern receipt in politi cal cookery. It is hip and thigh smiting, but not the less full of danger. President Carnot is settling down fairly to his figurehead duties. He does not claim to bewitch the world , with any. noble horseman ship. lie - vyill take- walks abroad and see mouse in a Dutcli cheese.- lie lias-made sonic visits to charitable, artistic aud industrial insti tutions ; ha has opened the ball in the way of heading subscription lists, and has not feured to appear what he really is, a poor man, giving a little of all he possesses, and trusting it may prosper like the widow's erase of oil. He and his lady have given a few big .dinners, and held a9 many receptions. Tho former must have been successes, as not a coroner's inquest, has been held upon any of tho guests, nor has any diplomatist had to start for Vichy or Hamburg to right a topsy-turvy liver. It is in the making of Cabinets that1 tho President's skill or tact will ba tried, or rather, as his pre decessor remarked, in the keeping of a Cabinet cogeracr. xuere is uu rvusuu iu cunciuue mat M. Sadi Carnot will not be kept as busy filling Ministerial vacancies as was M. Griiry. There is no sign in tho Legislature that the lions will lie dowa with the lambs — without devouring them. The secret for welding or cementing politicians together lins not yet been fonnd, and so long as representatives remain in their present crniuMy state of independence, the battledore and shuttlecock political situation mustendure, aud to tho detriment of the country. Turning out a Cabinet is. about of. the sam value and utility ns putting in its successor. - (ioiuc physicians recommend the dissolution of the Chamber of Deputies as a- remedy against the mldle parliament ; others incline to still treat tlio Chamber pathologically, by empowering Floquet tu form a Ministry. This is tho only remedy that.has not yet ' been tried, Another suggested old woman's cure consists in making the Ministers of ' War, Foreign Affairs and the Navy perman ent. officials— say as a dynasty — and allowing the representatives, to. play jack-stones with the other Ministers. This is throwing the lull to the whale. No bastard American copy ; tho: whole' liog or none. In presence of the usual predictions of war every morning, aud of the assurance of peace .'every evening, tho French are gravitating towards tho fixed resolution to hold aloof both from bulls and bears— in a word, leave : others to indulge in big fights, and to WBtch events. Tho doctrine of chances has been said to be the Bible of fools. Perhaps the situation which leaves France without an ally — for she could not state her national life on the caprices of a Czar — is not so bad for her after all. No one can ever expect her to pursue a knocking-of- nnliev. Tn fcf»ftnin<r out of quarrels one escapes a bloody nose. The feeling and aim of France is to be strong, very strong, at home ; to command respect from neighbors ; to ward off the coTetous ; and to organise ber foreign possessions by encourag ing protected trade with the mother country Indeed, since 1870, so many newelomeuts have entered into European political problems that it is difficult to indulge in a forecast of what would be the results of an international struggle. Many good French thinkers are of opinion that it is England, not Germany, that now holijs the keys of . the situation. lodiq was formerly trotted out as a B&nquo; ghost, hut native princes seem to vie with each other as to who shall be foremost in placing their wealth and power at the disposal of England. The natives do uot want . to change English for Russian rnlo ; while the Muscovite may, after all, find it to he his best interest to pull loyally — even at tho twelfth hour — with John Bull. Bnt what has most derauged speculation is the backing up of England by lior colonies, and in this Australia is regarded as the firstlctter in the first fine of the federation. Greater and Lesser Britains are now considered ns one, -and may it be-more indivisible thajijome Republics, The most powerful "standing army," as an -Irish man might say, (or England is a swift sailing. navy, having head centres in the colonies, with co&iing; stations at call and- shelters within reacb- The dispute between the municipal council of Paris and tha Government is widening — vawn- ing oven — and can become disastrous. Who is to rule Paris ? That's the question. Tho municipality demands home rule, self-govern ment, the right to elect a lord mayor, like the provincial cities, to control its budget, and to nominate its officers, including the police force. The Prefect of tho Seine— not to be confouudcd with the Prefect de Police, who is but his sub ordinate — is a Government functionary, and embodies all the powers the municipality insist on possessing. The opponents of tho latter body assert the demands aro an attempt to restore the Commune. Ministers are divided on the perilous issue. To dissolve the muni cipal council might aggravate, not remedy, the situatioq, and as Parisians are never happier than when in opposition to the Government the consequences may be very serious, if as is whispered, the word be sent round to pay no taxes. When the Commnne dominated it abolished honsc rent, and tenants felt the millennium had arrived. The day-dream lasted till the Cummuno was stamped out, when the victors declared that all arrears of rent must be paid. There were no " House" Commissioners to decree any per cent, reduction, though prices had "risen" — about as pinching as if they had in other cases "fallen." The only grace allowed was an extension of time to pay the ntmost farthing. In the interim the munici pal council will give its usual two bails in its sumptuous Hotel de Ville, the cost to be. defrayed ont of the city taxation. This recalls the school days of olden time, when the prizes awarded topnpils, were charged for in the bill. The writer gradnated for a time in one of that kind of Do-the- boys Hall. The more modern practice is for pupils to load their professors with gifts, so as to make them powerless to inscribe bad marks. It is not improbable that France will be com pelled ere long to afford facilities for the im portation of meat, whether canned' or con gealed. The main thing is to obtain it. The working classes complain that man cannot five by bread alone ; beef most be added since chemical wines and drag beer destroy, not sustain, strength. Meat will soon be dearer than turtle from Algeria. Any workman will admit that a dozen Portuguese oysters — those bi-valves recalling in shape a corkscrew iron coffin — is of more Samson efficacy than half a ' pound of cag at the same price, viz., one tranc. A patriot has also come to the rescue by declaring that the falling off in the population of France is due to families having hut little animal food in their alimentation. Now, when Mr. M&l-; thus inaugurated his " wedding sermons," and pointed out to -the poor the immorality of their conduct in having families wittiout the means of feeding them, he little thought that a cen tury later vegetarianism would prove tne corrective' for over population. The economist was on the side of the rich, as they, in his eyes, had alone the right, and perhaps the duty, to observe the injunction ' increase and multiply.". France belies even this, as it is in the richest centres of tho country that wealthy married people most repudiate monthly nurses, cradles, perambulators, &c..; as so much impedimenta to conjugal bliss. The revolver appears to be rapidly entering into French manners as the arbiter of dissou-: sions and the peace maker for imaginary wrongs. M. Raynaud, tho superintendent of the school of telegraphy, was an electrician of high merit ; he was consulting telegraphic engineer to the Government. An inventor, concluding his apparatus was rejected in favor of the discovery of a rival, imagined At. Ray naud was responsible. He waylaid that gentle man as he was' entering his house ; lodged two balls in his body, of which one in the small ot the back has proved fatal. The last request of the dying man was, that President Caruot, his college chnm, would exercise his first act of clemency in pardoning the assassin. Lord Lytton intends to show the French that the English Embassy has a social as well as a political side. It is thus, that the salons of tho Embassy will be, in a few days, thrown open for the first time, it really may be said, since the departure of Earl Cowley, over 22 years ago. Lord Lyons gavo his official dinner every anniversary of Queen Victoria's, birthday, and then " the mopiug owl might to the moon cumpiutu iu mo fkiiuiicuj lui nuuiuer months. There is a leaven of democracy in Lord I.ytton's character, due, perhaps, a good deal to his being a citizen of the republic of letters, that will tako with the French. There is also in him an absence of that snobbism, of that rigid noueniiness, of that stund- aside- I-am-holier-than-thouishness, which unite to make the British the most cordially disliked of all distinguished foreigners on the Continent. All the leading theatres iu Paris now employ the electric fight, save the Opera Comique in its temporary home. Yet expertkts have given it as their opinion that the original theatre wonld have escapod last spring from being converted into a cosinopolitun wholesale crematory had the manager enterprise to patronise the ligtit. lint the now director is less excusable ; the ancient regime oppresses him, "as he learns nothing," like the Bourbons One-half of tho admissions to the Theatre Francaise are gratuitous, though the " tree fist is suspended, the press excepted." Its pension fund is invested iu the pawnhroking establish ment, which yields 8 per cent, interest, and more in proportion as times aro miserable. Tho theatre receives nn annual donation from the State of £10,000 nyear, while the National Opera receives £32 000 These bounties are indispensable toihe tunning of the house. What would foreign theatres do, were tho French Government not to subsidise a select number of houses tb bring out plays ' and lyrical novelties. The Wi Ison scandals, like Goldsmith's milc3, seem lengthening as they go. The whole matter is about as comprehensible as, say meta physics, or u brand new reiigioD. The majority of iieonle (rive the suhiect no. M. Wilson is like the poet's milk white fawn, condemned to death, fated not to die. It seems to ordinary observers, that Wilson possesses tho "Evil Eye," a look appears to revolutionise every new magistrate, appointed to inquire into his plan of raising the wind, out of the sale of tho Legion of Honor decorations. As ho that is down need fear no fall, Al. Wilson threatens, that if he bo placed on the cutty stool, ho will play the buR in the china shop, by reading compromising letters from a crowd of public men, quite as interesting as those communica tions, not intended for publication, spelt out in a case of breach of promise of marriage. < When tlio tree rocks, tho cradle will fall, and down comes baby, cradle, and alt." 