I COULTAS V. THE! VICTORIAN RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir I shall ask you to permit me, the counsel who advised this action to be brought to make some observations on the judgment of the Privy Council in this case, reported at length in your issue of today. YY hat I regard as startling legal proposition, deserving the serious and immediate attention, not only of your readers, but also of the legislature of this colony has in this case, been formally) enunciated by our High Court of Appeal It is this-that mental injury, produced by a serious nervous shock unaccompanied by any actual physical injury cannot be re- guided us actionable damages, on the ground that such injury is too remote The facts as proved were -Mr and Mrs Coultas (the plaintiffs) while driving home in a buggy), had occasion to cross the Hawthorn railway at the Swan street level crossing, which was in charge of a gatekeeper The night was dark and wet Ina gatekeeper when they approached opened the near gate first and the buggy followed after him till it reached the far or up line He then, seeing a train rapidly approaching on this line sung out to the plaintiff Coultas to go back but Coultas whipped his horse forward and just cleared the rails as the train, within a few feet of the buggy dashed by behind it Mrs. Coultas fainter! and was taken home in that condition and a severe and protracted illness followed the jury found the issues of tact in favour of the plaintiffs that the gatekeeper negligent)' opened the gate and invite 1 the plaintiffs to drive over the crossing when it was dangerous to do so 2 that the plaintiffs could not have avoided the accident by the exercise, of ordinary care and caution The following questions were then reserved at the trial and decided by the Full Court consisting of Mr Justice Williams, Mr Justice Holroyd, and Mr Justice Kerferd, in favour of the plaintiffs -1 Were the damages too remote to be recovered ' J. W as proof of impact access is) to maintain the action ' 3 Could Mrs. Coultas recover damages for physical or mental injuries, or both occasioned by fright caused by the negligent acts of the defen- rains' The Privy Council has now reversed the decision of our Full Court and nothing short of an act of Parliament can alter this judgment, which determines the first question in favour of the defendants, by saying that; although they do not say impact is necessary let the damages are too remote The reasons given in support of this judgment appear on examination not only inconclusive but to support the opposite view. Briefly) summarised they are these -1 That; no similar case is reported many of the books. 2. that the rule of English law re- gulating damages recoverable for negligence, as I had down in the case of the Nottinghill, !) P D , 10s is against the plaintiffs' conten- tion 3 that Mrs Coultas s fright was caused by seeing the tram approach, and thinking she and her Husband were about to be killed and that such (right and shock were not such a consequence which in the ordinary course of things would flow from, the negligence of the gatekeeper 4 The fear of extending the law of liability for negligent nee beyond its present limits and on. opening a wide held for imaginary' chums. The first ground is neither an argument for nor against the claim Ac- tions in test are rarely on all fours with each other, and each case rests on its own basis, and is dead council on its own peculiar merits The ever varying conditions of society produce novel cb rates and modifications which some years back were unknown or undeveloped and as fresh complications arise they come before our legal tribunals, and then the principles of law, modified to suit the requirements of advancing civilisa- tion, are applied Hence our leading cases, which illustrate the expansion from time to time of our legal principles As regards this second ground, I fail to see any analogy between this case and that of the Nottinghill, In that case the plantings owners of a cargo of maize sought to recover damages for the loss of market in an action of negligence, against the owners of the negligent ship. How can the loss of market, in that case resemble the facts of this The fall of prices did not follow as a necessary consequence of till it fendants in that action, and hence the damages claimed were held too remote It is a remarkable fact that even in the it case the decision of Sir James Hannan would have been otherwise but that he like the Court of appeal felt bound to 1 allow the previous one of the 1 and, 2 P D , US the third ground begs the whole question at issue, viz- that the freight was not the natural consequence of the gatekeepers act, for the visit was the result and not the cause of that niL.Ii_.eut act. The gatekeeper put the plaintiff in a position of imminent peril of losing their lives let anyone realise for a moment the state of terror in which Mrs Coultas was placed in a buggy on a dull, wet match between the rails along; which the advancing, to it is thundering and becut-.ticrskinianoiinjuru I orherdresstorn, or the varnish I rushed i It the buggy) there is no cause of action Although this judgment, of the Privy Council expressly states that it does not h ld that impact is necessary, yet, the decision rests upon the assumption of it, and cannot in any other grounds be support d If the tram had 1 HEALTH the plaintiffs there would of course be no doubt about the r kit to recover damages but because a less) injury is done than might have happened, they cannot recover, for they can show no scars on their bodies of torn clothes In the case of milk i II London and S li J'uilti ty Com/ia i 7 LR CP, 14, it was held that the (lett radiant company was liable for all the consequences naturally resulting. from their negligence and whether they could have foreseen them or not. 'This was the decision of such distitiL.uis.ied judges as Kill), 0 B Bristow II H Pigott, U; Blackburn, I and Lush J In that case, plaintiff's cottage some 200 yards away must separate d b) agrien hedge a stubble field, and a public road was destitue I In a fire that originated on the line for in the negligence of the defendants servants The Privy) Council, by this judgment have evidently, with the view of discouraging actions for miles a) shock swung the pendulum of their judgment to the opposite extreme, and now practically ignore the existence of such a thing, as the nervous system, and that any shock to it is not sectional be In IIIKIIIILUUS case to the present is to ab where a in in to humour some fair addresses himself up as a ghost and su Idculy startles a, woman in the dead of night and frightens her into a severe illness perhaps into bec grave Would not that in in be liable in damages'' The intent which is the only element of dull at nee between that ease and this does not affect the right to damages in all and yet it would Benn a monstrous pro- position in law is to say that such an action would not be the level crossing wilda open to the public, is exclusively used and set apart for pedestrian and vehicular to Willie and the sudden appearance of a train < II it during that; period is as much tin Lippmann is the those in the above illustrate in the fourth ground the fear of extending the field of imaginary claims is quite beside the question n is His chum b imaginary, upon the jury or Court rests the responsibility of determining, in the consideration of this important case affords another and a cogent reason for the establishment of a Colonial ( Court of Appeal, and I venture to hope that the matter will be warmly) taken up by some i I our leading public men, and carried fine (fleet. -Yours, sec, R. W. l'i.NNKI-.VlTI..H. 17 Se'lboriie-chnniber.s, Melbourne'. March, 15. The Municipal Council of Paris has taken a further step in a democratic directions. It decided that certain bills at the Hotel de Ville should be held on a Saturday), so as to give the " People ' a chance of tripping their toes to the sound of music and getting a share of the good things provided. Evening; dress was not to be the disaster-, and the blouse, of everyday life was to be just us welcome in the city hall as the fashionable swallow-tail, Each of these duties was to cost 10,000. 