The Rev. C. H. Spurgeon's 'Down Grade.' A little pamphlet containing the cele brated Noncomformist's (Mr 'Spurgeon's) charges .against his fellow dissenting churches, and his reasons' for seceding from the 'Baptist Union, has fallen upon' the religious world like a shell out of. a. veritable mortar. The picture. there drawn by a master-hand of the spiritual condition of the dissenting churches is lamentable to a degree, and the account he' gives 'of the Baptist, Independent, and Congregational sections, terrible and alarming.' The broad school of dissent, he says, has gone as far down the descending path— the " Down Grade' — as it- possibly can! There is not a scriptural doctrine the ministers have not abandoned! They have ini- tiated a new religion, a new gospel — that is not another gospel— which is no more Christianity than chalk is cheese ! ' The atonement is scouted, the inspiration of the scriptures is derided, the- Holy Spirit', is degraded into an influence; the punish-' ment of sin is turned into fiction, and the resurrection into a myth. Thence has. come, as the sequel to falsehood in doctrine,' the natural decline of spiritual-life in these non-conforming churches. -A taste for theatres and questionable, amusement' ' has sprung up, devotional and prayer meetings are felt to be a weariness, and are often given up as useless. Conversions have ceased, congregations have dwindled, and the spirit of prayer has departed. Church and the stage, cards and prayer, dancing and the ' sacraments, these' men 'are striving vainly 'to unite. and' modern thought,' in the pulpit which is the root of all this mischief, has thinned the congregations— some having ! joined the 'Brethren,' others ' believing unattached,' and the more wealthy show-loving, but some of the unquestionably devout the Church of England! The ministers deride: the demand for prayer, and the inspiration 'of the prophets of Israel is denied !' 'Germany,' says Mr Spurgeon, ' was made unbelieving by her preachers, ' and England is following in the track.' The young preachers are teaching a new gospel, wherein the Holy Ghost has no place ; and' the Christian World, which seems the cham pion of the new school of non-conforming teachers, openly- tells its readers' the follow ing: — The younger ministers especially must decide whether or not they will embrace - and undisguisedly proclaim' that ''Modern Thought/ which in Mr Spurgeon's eyes is a 'deadly cobra,'while in ours it is the glory of the century. It discards' many of the doctrines dear to Mr Spurgeon :and his school, not only as untrue and unscriptural, but as in the 'strictest sense immoral, for it cannot' recognise the moral possibility- of imputing either guilt or goodness, or the justice or inflicting everlasting punishment for temporary sin. It is not so irrational' as to pin its faith to verbal inspiration, or so idolatrous as to make its acceptance of a true trinity of divine manifestation cover Polytheism.' Mr ' Spurgeon, reciting all this, has re solved boldly to separate himself and his church from the Baptist Union; '' He cannot,' 'he says, 'remain longer in ostensible union with teachers who make light of Christ's atonement, who reject the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scripture, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call evangelical doctrine a fable, and justification by faith immoral, and hold there is another probation after death, and a future restitution for the lost.' With sorrow Mr Spurgeon details all this in most clear and outspoken .language, and closes with this remarkable aspiration : — ' Oh ! that the day would come when, in a larger communion than any sect can offer, all those who are one in Christ may be able to blend in manifest unity.'-' . This can only come by the way of growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the Head, ever Christ Jesus. — Banner of Israel. 