LITERATURE. PICTURESQUE AUSTRALASIA. * The plan laid down by the publishers of this work, following the lines of Picturesque Europe, necessarily renders it fragmentary, sketchy, and inconsecutive. Countries and districts lying far apart are brought into juxtaposition, and the reader passes some what abruptly from the Blue Mountains in New South Wales to Geelong in Victoria, from the sounds on the West CoaBt of New Zealand to the city of Sandhurst, and from the Kiver Murray to Wellington. On the other hand, the editor, Professor Morris, of the Melbourne University, by inviting the co operation of a score or so of contributors possessing a special knowledge of certain localities and certain snbjects, has secured an acceptable variety in the style and treat ment of the seven and twenty chapters into which the second volume is divided; while the quality of the numerous illustrations does not fall below that of those in the volume which preceded it. Noticeable among the full-page blocks are those representing a flood in the Otira Gorge, N.Z.; the cliffs, Mount Victoria; the Bealey River; night on the Murray; and the Head, Hall's Arm, Dusky Sound, N.Z. The figure subjects, as a general rule, are of unequal merit Many of the woodcuts which are let into the text have been effec tively drawn and skilfully engraved; and among the best of these are the illustrations of the cataracts in the romantic region of the Blue Mountains; of the banks of the Cam paspe, near Ecbuca; of the Eiandra Caves, and of the West Coast Sounds, liut the embellishments, taken as a whole, will serve to dissipate any idea of the unpicturesque ness of Australasian scenery which may yet linger in the minds of people living at a distance, and should remind the landscape painters of the old world, and those of the mother country more especially, that here is an almost virgin field awaiting delineation, abounding in motifs as novel as they are beautiful, and presenting an inexhaustible variety of mountain, forest, coast, river, cave, and lake Bcenery, enveloped in an atmo sphere peculiar to itself, and possessing a distinctive tanna and flora of its own. Even the domesticated animals would be found deserving of careful study by, and would supply fine subjects to, a Rosa Bon hear, a Briton Riviere, a Davis, a Busson, a Morot, or a Veyraesat Of the letter-press of the present volume of Picturesque Australasia,'it ii enough to say that, while a portion of it is supplied by writers who have already made their mark in colonial literature, those chapters contri buted by others whose names are unknown to us prove that there is no lack of literary ability in these colonies, and that the love of nature is as strong here as in the old country. If we were to single out one con tributor in whom this sentiment is combined with the faculty of giving poetical expression to what he feelB, we should name Mr, Arthur a Vay. the translator o| Homer, who bos evidently brought away from the neigbbour bewfr (toeoenery, and has dwcrilLd^tb appropriately plo&reBqug; language. Here is EwSSlsEftiffl! vraiMiur. «uu a passage in which he has pourtrayed the view from the summit of the hill that rises behind the Lome Hotel:-" In a moment you are in the heart ot the woods. Dwellings of men have disappeared ; even the presence of the sea is but revealed by a long low murmur, like voices in a dream. The slope is steep, and the bracken dense around our knees, but already the balsam that breathes from the eucalyptus is in our lungs, and ' not poppy nor mandragora'-no, nor the Indian s mysterious coca-is so potent to cast out pain of toil and sense of weariness. The weakest feel strong at Lome, and labour ha9 in nowise ceased to be a pleasure when we stand upon the ridge. A narrow path, like a sheep-track, winds awsy up the forest aisle to the brow of the hill. Oil the left, the way farer beholds the blue water-the sea fringed witli bright foam and glorious with crashing breakers and sheeted ghosts of spray. In a broad halt-circle the crest spreads out, head land peeping forth behind bold headland ; sheer mountain sides towering up from the purple sea ilecked with sunlight and barred with shadow; stern clifl'a and openings of delicious bays ; and as the eye yearns over all this beauty, there breathes a music from it long to haunt the chambers of hearing-the organ tones of nature. To the right, from the great central range, the league - long ridges, like the fingers of a hand, slope down ward, with deep gorges between. The terraced tiers of forest trees rise each behind each, melting into hazy blue and ethereal purple, and far away the long, waving line of the Otways, dreaming against the summer heaven." Apart from the topographical accuracy of the picture thus delineated in words, we cannot but note and praise the rhythmical arrangement aud cadeneed fall of the sentences, and now that the writer has brought his masculine translation of the " Iliad" to a close, we think he should turn his attention to the composition of an original poem ; drawing its inspiration, perhaps, from the scenery he so graphically describes. Indeed, a passage like the following only re quires to be broken up into lines, as the late j If. Ii. Home did some portions of the Old Curiosity shop, fn order to become good blank verseAmong the grey, white stems (of the forest), there rises here and there a black shaft, yet with crest strangely green, and feet muffled round with frondage of vivid emerald, or tinged with azure bloom. It may be we shall cross a wide belt of forest thus thronged with memorials of fiery devastation and of Kature's deathless youth; for every few years there springs up in the pathless solitudes a sudden dame-no man knows, or none confesses, how-and with the waxing of the fire rises the wind. Swiftly the grass glaris out in broad sheets of fervent glow, the brakes crumble down in ruddy rain, red serpents dart up the (alt stems and leap from tree to tree; and an awful deluge, with rolling bil lows of lire and fierce spray whirling far be fore on the wings of the hurricane, roars over league after league of the forest, over canopied with smoke-clouds surging and tossing in lurid brightness. It is not a year since I saw the darkness of it swallow up the day, as the black masses, more solid-seeming than the earth itself, were heaved upward thousands of feet, and streamed out far over the sea, which gleamed beneath with an unearthly light, as though there were fire in the heart of ihe flood. One would imagine that after such an overflowing scourge had passed through it, the forest would for years be naught but a blackened desolation of blasted stumps-a dead world haunted by ashen-hued ekeletona Yet a few short months well-nigh efface the traces of the tire. Fresh erass and ferns spring up as if by magic after the first shower j the ' fire weed ' weaves a dense mantle of green, the great trees 6eem to have renewed their life, the white gums show smooth stems, stainless as if no flame had ever touched them, only here and there roQghly wrinkled shafts oi the stringy-bark rise, branded for ever with the memory of that dBy of horror." A forest fire in these colonies has often been described before by eye- witnesses-by William Howitt and by Henry Kingsley among the rest-but Mr. Way, as it appears to us, has best succeeded in seizing upon those essential features of the phenomenon which would most Btrike an artist, and which he would seek to stamp upon his canvas; and the wordB we have underlined are ^ instinct, we think, with poetic feeling and pictorial truth; and if they betray the influence of Ruskin, it merely serves to show that Mr. Way has studied that great master of English prose to as good purpose as the author ot The Stones of Venice studied Edmund Spenser, Richard Hooker, and Jeremy Taylor. We must quote one more passage from the writer's chapter on Lome, because it appears to be as singularly felicitous in form as it is compre hensive and delicate in detail"Away in front, amid the columned stems and green in terfacings of slender sprays and chequer-work of quivering leaves, a white veil seems to hang. We thrust aside the last screen of fern frond and odorous boughs of pepper mint and musk, and lo, the Erekine Fall. Not one solid volume of water hurled over the rock verge in one wild leap, to be swallowed up in turmoil of foam and seething whirl, is this; bat lovingly it clings to (be face of the cliff, down which it melts, and slips, and reels, feathering from fairy ledges, and gleam ing through little clefts, drifting to tight ward, and swaying to leftward as thongh it were swung by the breezeq, with dainty harry! and with wilful lingering, with tinkle of! laughter and radiance of smile, as though the poising of a happy life were in it, as though half-viewless Oread and Naiad, with linked fingers and plashing feet came dancing evermore down a ladder of diamonds and emeralds, to plunge at last in one long glorious leap of snowy limb* and streaming L ^eif contain bath, above «iiCl?J10*er8 to® fftwt of a rainbow balf* revealed through the dimness of the mtata w.w. wM'jiyp from the bursting of foam bells. The air is full oE the sound thereof, no drumming thunder* nnd hoarae reverb beration, but a mingled harmony of calling voices and witchery of laughter, of blithe whisper and sorrowless sighing, blending with a multitudinous murmur and muffled roar as of breakers rushing over sand." The artist whose materials are words has this advantage over the painter who must express what be sees objectively, or what he con ceives subjectively, in pigments and with a brush, that he can present a picture which is at once vraisemblable and impalpable. Mr. Way's half-viewless Oreads and Naiads, danc ing down a ladder of diamonds and emeralds commend themselves to the imagination of the reader as real, if shadowy, person ages, but on the canvas they would be come too solid or too transparent, and would, in all probability, lack the grace vivacity, and airiness of motion with which they are invested by the writer; the close of whose description is here subjoined: " Behind the veil of falling water there are discerned only here and there wet gleams of the dark rock, for the face of the dark crag is all marked with glittering green, with maidenhair, tossing gems lrom its delicate quivering Bprays, shimmering half-hidden through screens of failing crystal, or peeping between the tremulous threads of silver with plumes of grass and careless- trailing creepers, with cushioned mosses and sweet tangle of tiny leaves and starlike flowers, all agleam with sunlit dew. And high up above green boughs are bending over, and broad shadowing fronds, and behind them the straight white stems soar upwards till their leafy crowns are wreathed with strays from cloudland. On either hand of the deep ravine rise up sheer the mountain sides, a wilderness of verdure, of blossomed gold and snowy blooms, giant trunks enwreathed with clinging parasites, and hung with rarest ferns and bowing branches, odorous with musk. Down the stream's bed, till all is blended and lost in dimness of shade, are ranged the long ranks ot the tree-ferns, with their broad crests softly heaving in swells of green. Below the falls the stream rushes through a huddled confusion of shattered trunks and splintered limbs till it breaks away, sliding over rock shelves, and rushing through chasms, and anon spreading into broad smooth reaches, where the ' chequered sunbeams dance against the san^y shallows.' And overhead broods the fathomless heaven, a long lane of deep Dure blue." The whole region is, indeed, like Shelley's " Isle under Ionian skies, beautiful as a wreck of Para dise," with only the pest of flieB and of leeches to distract your attention from the loveliness of nature, and to impose the severest tests upon your serenity of temper. Among the chapters which will interest home-keeping townsfolk are those on the Brumby, on the Jenolan Caves, and on some of the aspects of life in the bush, as de scribed by Mr. Neville-Rolfe, J. and M. Seymour, and O. Sawyer. In Australia wild horses have obtained the name of "brumbies," but we are unacquainted with the etymology of the word. The origin of these equine nomads is thus ex plained by Mr.. Neville-Rolfe " It may be some 20 years or «o ago that a settler lost two valuable mares. The saudllies were bad, and driven by them, now walking and now trot tiug, these mares, one followed by a noble colt foal never touched by man's hand, and with blood in him that could tell ol Kpsoin and the Grand National, journeyed on to wards the west. Fifty miles from their owner's home is reached, but the country is rugged and not to their taste, and on they go. Another fifty mites, and a pleasant valley affords good water and plentiful grass; but a sudden panic-caused, perhaps, by a party of blacks chasing native game-starts them afresh, and still westward they go, till finally they rest in peace far from the dwellings of men, far from the sound of clanging hobble chain or tinkling horse-bell. Month after month rolls on, each mare foals again, and two strangers, straying from some other part, join themselves to the little herd of five, and raise their number to seven. Then another summer begins, and four additional foals bring up the total to 1L The next recruits arrive with hobbles on their legs, and could they bat speak would tell the others a strange, sad tragedy. Not 30 miles from here, while they, thus hobbled, fed quietly on the green grass within sight of their owner's camp, they had seen their master at sunrise advancing slowly, bridle and halter iu hand, towards them. Then from the ground, as it were, a black stump snddenly grew into a black man ; then another appeared, and another; then a short dialogue between the one white man and the fifty black devils, followed by a death cry and the yells of many demons. tear lent them-ue., the horses-wings, and, manacled as they were, they flew many a weary mile, till now, with a joyous neigh and the sense of safety In numbers, they throw themselves into the little group who stand shaded by the leafy currajong." And 80 horses increased and multiplied from year to year, gaining in strength and speed, and becoming more sus picious and irreclaimable generation after generation. We regret we cannot find apace . to quote the writer's animated narrative of the methods of their capture and subsequent breaking-in. Of the marvellous caves of Jenolan we are enabled to form a good general idea from Mr. A. Jose a description of them. and from the five illustrations by which it is accompanied. They are six in number, although itappears more than probable there may be ten .times as many yet exp!o*al£n fcye4* veniurershardy ieaough to rUkaplunjte into some awfnl chasm, or into * subterranean 8tream,! reietnbling the sacredrfrer lot poet'sdream, vl Casket, " where a crevice in the fles a myriad topaz-like perns and fer Cave, with the whole face of the rock at one end of it covered with coralline branches of a delicate pink-wonderfully beautiful aa they appear to be, must " pale their ineffectual fires* before the Imperial Caves, which are thuB described" Long narrow tunnels branch off here into the very heart of the mountain, widening out ever and again into glittering chambers hung all over with crystalline pendant and waving 'shawl,' sometimes floored with a lake of the tiniest imaginable gems that seem to rise and ripple aa the light plays over them. Passing by a rock-shelf covered with such sugary-looking forms as to give it the name of the Confectioner's Shop, we see in the middle of our path a lull white stalagmite more than five feet high, standing quite alone in the black tunnel, semi-transparent, lovely. Beyond, in a receBs below the path, the walls and streets and Btatues of a city lie designed in miniature ; and not far away, as if to contrast sharply witu the underground Lilliput, huge columns of seeming alabaster, as thick through as a man's body, rise some ]5 feet to the roof and lose themselves in a tis.ue of draperies and cunningly devised 6tone lacework. Down another branch one watches the magnesium light Hashing with redoubled brilliancy from every facet on the ' Diamond Wall,' and walks through a long passage wheie the dark rock is completely hidden by the multitude of gleaming tongues that hang from every point of the roof, and of growing pillars that spring in forests from the Door. And so there comes into view a new wonder, of all these water-formed fantasies the most fantastic; by a narrow neck of hardened lime there hangs from the roof a mass of stalactite, like an inverted mushroom, but we see none of the mass, because all round it and over it the dropping water has left in tertwining threads of glass-like purity and transparency that branch out in numberless twigs and tendrils, some shooting up, some darting straight out .into the air, all inextricably tangled in a shimmering maze of brightness. Truly enough is it culled the Gem of the West," 