TALES AND SKETCHES. 'Clio Rector of Mt. Mark's. \ The wind had been blowing up Blinrply j all duy, and tho branches of tho trees 7 bad clashed togothor until oars that bad takou notico of tho sound ached with it, e launa not raincu, uut. nic ciouus snna _ InVer and lower, nnd tho tomperaturo rising ; tho Btorm would bo furious A?boQ it camo. Even tho point far down jui10 r'veri which, on ordinarily dork days suowed a patch of white sand brighter than surrounding objects, hnd marked itself through fog by no gleam whatovor, and tlio gra&s; lay along tbo shore iu wild, beaten masses. Tbo reotors ouco blooming garden wore a blasted, sullen appearance, through which a certain slender almpo moved swiftly. It was tlio figuro of a woman, witli head bent, and white shawl streaming outward, ftho walked silent))', and with a puipo.io, until her forehead struck tho iron bars of the gate, at which she raised her eyes, blank, grey, and beautiful. TT<ir funo was drndlv vvhitn. nnd nn trim undid ibo gate, tbo blood trickled from her hand upon her whito dress, where her finger nails had pierced it. At tho sight of this sho Inughed witli a low, gargling sound, nnd drew the staiu oil with. her lips. A singular desolation reignod. Not another human creature was on tbe road. Slio passed tbo wiuotniK with its reaching arms, that creaked and rattled in tho nir, nnd uho was drawing near to cabins whoso lights shono through tho unshaped windows, nnd cast their beams on children's facen thronging round their evening meal. Tlio river flowed beyond, and the murmur of its motion grew more aud more distinct. How dnrk a shadow tho factory threw across tho rond I Even tho half-starved cat tlmt crawled from under a fence, hesitated to cross it, and a rat shot quickly by on tho other side, as if glud to bo out of it. How black tho woods » woro, with their heavy, almost imper ceptible outlino drawn across iho sky. , And how pale tlio star that gleamed forth for a ni'imciri, and then withdrew bohiud tho clouds 1 Tho sound of tho river grew loud and harsh. It was tho storm that made it an iihiiuUu' uh for on quiet days its flow WJijs like nn infntitN bleep. nuNPHEDS of perpons v ho havo used Ayer's Hair Vieor attest it vuluo as a stimulant and tonic, for provonting and curing baiduass, oloan&ing; tho scalp, and rostoring tho youth ful color to faded and gray hair. Wctlornnd wottor longor and moro rank grow the grass, as Iho girl's feet stumbled through it. Hut there woh n bluff beyond, which she was trying to rcneh, The rector of tho parish of St. Mnrk's had walked to the window a dozen times and looked out uneasily. Hut the rain dashed fiercely against the glass, and it was impossible to see anything without. Each tinio his curate raised his head and followed tho restless figuro witli his eyes, which fell again upon n commentary whenever the rector resumed his seat. Each man was narrowly watching tho othor, und both woro young. Tho room was opptcssively silent : so silent tlmt tho ticking of tho clock was weariBotne, and thu curntc started aud changed color as his.nervpus elbow pushed a book to tho floor. He whk making zig-ftng lines upon % scrap of paper ; for tho tremor in Ids hand was so purceptihlo that ho know of no bettor way to conceal it. Tlio rector wandered tip nnd down with hamh clasped behind him. For a full half hour ho stood on tho rug, gnxing into tlio open fire. "Miss Vilanelle's nhsonco is unacoount- ahlo," ho said, at longlh, as if tho thought were a new one, and not what hnd occupied both minds for bourn. " Ah I " said tho curnto, rising quickly, nnd flushing to tho hrowa will) excite ment, " I was waiting — I thought porlinps you would prefer " The rector bowed. " I givo precedence to you, Valontino." Mo ehivored a little nnd added : " You might go toward— you might tnko the rond to— you know sho is fond of walk ing thoro. But it was imprudent on such a night I" Ilo looked at Valentino imploringly. The curnto grasped his hand nud wrung it fervently ; thoro was a glanco of almost equal entreaty in hisowneyes. Indeed, a looker-on would have observed an expression of this sort passing perpetually between thoso two men. As tho door closed after Valontino, tho rector rosumed his walk up nna down tho room. Tho cluelc ticked steadily. Tho firo crackled a littlo in tho grato. Ilo glanced at tlio book of prayer, which lay qpon at tho losson lor tho day — " How long shall I Rock counsel in my soul, and bo so vexed in my hoart ?" Tho curnto Imd paused on tho threshold to acoustoui himself to tho dnrknesH, nnd then plunged forward. Something white showed itHolf through tho gloom between him and tho gravel walk. Ho stooped for it. It was a hnnd- kercbiuf, edged wiiti laco nud faintly porfumed. Tlio light that streamed from tho study-window fell upon him, wring- ingit nut and thrusting it iu his breast. Ho dashed down thodrivonnd through tlio goto, and thoro seamed to bo no hesitation in tho course ho took. Past tlio windmill, with its reaching arms ; pnst tho cnhin- lights going out one by one ; pas tho black woods, nnd thu palo nlnr that had cotno out oneo moro, into tho shadow of thn lactory. Something crunched under bin foot, and ho felt for it inlutivoly. What ho found wnR n scarlet heel, half tho size of a billiard ball, nnd, running ns ho hold up a match to it, ho roiuombeml that ho had seen it that morning tripping down tho stairs of tho Koclory of St. Mark's. Ilo plunged on desperately, tho roar of the river ho loud that it deafened him. Over tlio wut grass and stretch of sniul, what was that ho saw ? Something on tho vorgo of tho bluff, Blonder and moving ! Nearer— a human creature, swaying slowly, with hands clnspod nhovo its bend ! ' Valentino crawled townids it, and grasped its skirts. A shuddering sigh camo from tho poor girl's breast, as she raised her hands on high. Sho leaned forward, and tho curnto'N hold upon her droits tightened. Furthor— furthor — so that tho cloth strainod in Iiih iingors. Suddenly tho moon beamed vividly from a rift iu the clouds, tdiowing tho river black as death beneath it. Miss Vilnnollo recoiled, and sank hack on tho curate's prostrate figuro, Ho disengaged himself with difficulty, and raised her in Iuh nrms. " Mario 1 " ho said, gently, Sho lifted her blank eyes to his faco for n moment, nnd thon olosod them silently. Ilo carried hor in his arms over tho long rond homo, wlicrn u couch was spread in tho hall, nnd a firo was hlnzing. Tho rector was in tho open door. Ilo hnd boon thoro over sinco tho goto had clnshed to nfter 'Valontino. Ho took a step downward cnrgerly. " Sho had strayed a littlo from nor way, " said Valentine, quiotly. "Sho's exlinustod. Ring for brandy." Allnir toucliod tho boll mcchnnicatly, staring at tho figure of tho couch. "Has sho boon in tho water? "ho dcmnmled. Did sho attempt — " " Sho hnd not boon in tho water, sir. Tho rain is heavy, nnd sho hud walkod somo distance." A servant, botwoon whom and Miss Vilnnollo Valentino steppod quickly, opened tho door. Tlio rector look tho glass from his hand saying : " Tliero will ho no wedding to-morrow. Slop what preparation! nro being nmdu nnd mnko no more. See tho sexton. Tell him tho church wili not bo wanted. Yqn understand ?" — thu man was staring stupidly — " thoro will ho no wedding to morrow." Miss Vilnnollo lay ill for weeks. The black wings hovered ovor her, lolb to retrofit. Between tlio bed and tho firo was a screen, on tho other side of which Rat a figure, whose wasted faco wna Valentino's. . Day nRcr day ho had sat thoro, poring over his hooks with sightloss eyes aud n straining car. Thoro was no sound but tho mcohtini- cul turning of leaves nnd tho ticking of tho watch in his vost. Tho rector came in, and seated himself wearily. In nnswor to his look of in quiry, Valentino shook hishrad. A pile of books lay untouched between "them. At ln9t, what thoy had long been waiting for camo — Miss Viinuullo's voice broke tho.silcnco of a month I " It is vory cold 1 Whero is Valen tino ?" Tlio blood flushod np to tho young man's temples, and lio half-rose from his chair. But thu rector umtionod him bnck with a frown. u I, Marie, take thee," said tho voice, reluctantly. " No, no ! thin is not my wedding-day 1 , ... Oh, see tho lit ilo white flakes creep up tho sand — higher, higher ! Oh, Heaven ! thoy touch my feet 1 Will no ono como ? Valentino 1 Valentine ! Ik you lmvo u cold, oon&h.; bronohHis, or au.v form of throat or lutig 'dittoaso, do not DOKleot It. Ayor'a Cherry Pectoral, if promptly talcou, will speedily roliovo and , onro all ailments of this charaotor. 1 . . Sco tho rain stream from my shawl ! It makes a river of itself 1 H is cold. . . . Hero comes your bride, Mr. Allnir, up tho nislo ; hut, sco, sho is nil in white— sho in n ghost ! How thu people stnro ! how tho woman in tho red clonk noda her hond ! What a noiso 1 Hells, or tho river ? Wedding bells '! No, tho rush of water. Sweet, isn't it ?" Tho two men gnz-n! fixedly into each other's eyes. Valentine's radiant, Louis Allair's murderous. "Ah, down there," murmured MIrr Vilannclli'— " thero, whoro thu weeds aro tangled and tlio fidh swim ovor them with shining wings— wing ' shining ? light ? Why that is tho faco of Christ ? And sco it Rinilon on mo, and tho anus roach toward mo 1 Hut the water — thero ia so mnoh of it ; it is ho dnrk, so cold 1 Still, 1 am coming. Sco, this is tho way tho hoys dive. Droll, isn't it, that I should do it so ? Hands up high, palm to palm, pomtod to tho sky — so 1 Now !" Allnir started up, nnd sank hack with a suppressed cry. Tho voico continued ; " T remember, oh ! ro long ago, when I was happy. I ? Ah, no ! it cannot bo I" and tlio thin, sweet laugh vihratod through tho room. " How cold I am i Mr. Allnir 1" Valentino's lip droppod. It is tnisomblo to yearn and burn nnd ncho to hear another ninnB doath war rant, and that man one's friend. Ynt this is what Valentino Bond longed to hoar, nnd Htrainod his car for — what camo full hoou. " Mr. Allnir, I do not lovo yon. . . . Oh Honvon ! seo tlmt thiug crawl under tho fence ! What a tiiilo makes my heart stop ! I thought I saw a star, hut it wah tho eye of God, nnd it went behind a cloud. 1 shrill never aco it again ! . . . Tho wicked shall gotoovcrlnHting condemna tion — I nlmll go I What an innumer able company of witnesses crowd round mo 1 I choke I . . , Oh, Vulon- timo 1 oh my lovo I You aro strong hold mo t Tighter, tighter 1 or I shall surely go 1" Allnir walked to tho window mul looked out. His curnto croRsod tho room nnd, knooling dowu, oncirrlod tlio pale faco on tho pillow with his hands. It was wasted with illnoRH and lung fevor of tho brain, but fair nud oxprcstiivo enough etill to oxplaiu why thesa two men hung upon its prosonco thoro, Tho lips wero thinned and drawn backward in sharp lines, nnd thoro was a bruiso, largo and prominent, on the forehead, whoro rIio had slippod and fallen on a stono in tho long grass by tho river. Tho sun was sinking, and throw back his doors of crimson clouds as if to h t Romothiug through tho othor side, when suddenly a bar of gold, wido and unbroken dropped down nnd across, locking them from oJgo to edge. Allnir was regarding this from between tlio network of trees tlmt intorlnecd thoir arms nhovo tlio drive. Would heaven admit Miss Vilancllo now? Would it leave bimsolf nnd Ids curnto thwarted? Would ncithor ho triumphant? At that moment lie hopod it might bo ro. Ho turned around as if about to sponk Tho pnasivo hand on tho countorpnno hnd passod from the nurso into Valon- tino'sgrasp. ..Absorbed in its possession, ho wn« covering it with kisses, Allnir smiled. " It in no moro his than mine," ho thought, nnd oxultod in tlio certainty. .1 lino hnd come, fragrant, vital nud complete. Nothing could ho tonderor than tho first faint green of tho apple trccH, tlmt nhook ihoir arms nud Hunt a shower of rosy petal wavering down. Miss Vilnnollo lay idly watching them from the conch that had boon roiled for hor into tho shade. The nir was full of insect life and tho clntuur or rurnl rouiuIr and she did not hoar tho stop of Louis Allnir until ho stood besido hor, slightly smiling. And ho seated hiiusuff on tho grns at her foot, sho looked wistfully into tho beautiful quietude ot hi fenturos. " I hoo you so seldom, now, and I am so lonely," Ho throw his straight, youthful figuro backward, ond rostod his hood on Iiih arms. "You should not bo lonely, my child," ho said. " Havo you been too much to yourself ? I had a fancy that you proforrcd solitudu." Ilo could have nddod, " to my sucioty." Aud thou ho broke out, impetuously, " It was a mis take, Mario ! It was all n wrotchod mistako. I was a fool tc seek to eompol your nffoction. You would have loved mo if you could. You would havo scaled tho Ymujfmu for mo, with your grateful honrt. And I took advantngo of it. Grntitudo ! I wan an imbocilo to think that that would do for lovo J And tliat was not all. You lmvo heard of fricml- ahip — moiifl' friendships — Rtrangn thing bound in iron. Such or bctwoon my curnto nnd mysolf. Hut there was nu inflammable material iu n widening rift, nnd tho match was applied. Wo flow apart — tuddenly, iu dismay. Oh, Go I. knows I wish he would como hack, and bring mo his forgivenesH 1" lio had como hack. No stop was at that moment on tho grass. Ilo tqmko uo word to Miss Vilancllo ; only touched tier outKtrotchcd ham). Hut ho bent his tall figuro to Allnir, " Louis 1" A light liko tho very stars of Heaven leaped to tho rector' eyes, ah Imtul met hand, in nu nrdcut clusn. " What can 1 say ?" uuiuaudcd Valen tino humbly. " Ssy that you forgivo mo and my folly, Valentino Hond." Valentino nhook hi head, sadly. ' Ah, Loui. Louis I 1 am a pigmy beside yon, yet 1 hnvo lot my wild heart rido over your prostrnto body without hit or bridle. Aud you ask mo to forgive you 1" For nnswor, gontly, and with tho simplicity of a child, tho rector kissed his curate's lips, Tho sun was sinking, and flung back liia doors of crimson clouds, ah if to let somothing through to tho hither side. It was Valentino who watched it now. Hollow ay's Pills and Olntmoiit aro romo- dios wlfloh should invariably bo taken by travollors in souroh of houlth, ulcnmo or buriuuR. Many doiotoriou inliuciuto aro coiintautly at work iu forriun oliuios, tondlau to dotoriorato tlio health i tlioso ami tlio altorcd conditions of Hfo will entail on t1ioo who travel thu uoootiritj; of oarofullv attaint- utff to early symptoms of disease, and they will find the uso or thoso remedies to lio highly noeossary, tho notion or tho Pill bolnjj puri fying and rironjjlhoniiij; nud of groat xurvieo in oases of foyer, ajjue, aud nil inflammatory diseasos, whilst tho Ointment is a sovuroign onto in cihos of of piles, hnd logs, bad breast, wounds nnd ulcors. Hollowaws raraodieado not dotoriorato by ohongo of ofimato. and tho bar of gold did not como to drop down und aero, to look tlio clouds from edgo to odgc. Surely, Heaven's doors stood very wide. Would ono pass through ? There wero hyacinths in tho room — whito hyacinths, breathing out fragratico in tho solemn hush, A rosy light was on tho Fnrinn busts, nnd tho bells of tlio littlo hentheu dancer on tho mantle vhirned gnyly in tho hrciv.o tliat shook them. What a kaleidoscope of sunset colors decked tho wall, shift ilig and lulling, brightniiig and widening, and at lust wiped out. Valentino and Miss Vilancllo stood side by sido in Iho waning light. No ono had spoken ; yot tho room scorned alive — strangely alivo. Who, or what was it that niado tho /I'rwurv thoro ? It was thu man upon tho bed— tho rector, Loui Allnir. " Valentino— Marie," ho spoko at Inst fcob!y. And thoy placed thoir hand iu his. lie muted, thorn saying, " What Gml hnd joined together, let not mnn put asunder." How tlio whito hyacinths mndo them selves fell! How dim tho light upon tho wall Und grown ! Faintly tinkled the bells or tho littlo hoathon dancer. Tlio twilight deepened. Tho stnrs camo forth. And tho spirit of Louis Allnir passed to its God. 