The Essayist. The Loss of Ghosts. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] BY A.G. Ghosts. There are none now, but who does not remember the part played by the idea of them in our own childhood—how many years a go? It matters not how the knowledge that such things might be—that such things were we were ready then to believe—entered our young minds—wore it from the thrilling ghost story of Borne bygone annual or magazine, read or rather snatched at and devoured surrepti tiously by the light of glowing coals in the nursery or schoolroom and hidden quickly at sound of footstep or opening door, or from the graphic tongue of some English village nurse maid who, reared herself iv superstition and ignorance, had supped full of horrors at every opportunity and felt it incumbent upon her to hand on the choicest traditions of her class to the eager ears and wide-open eyes of her young charges, whenever she found herself well beyond the earshot of careful mistress or older fellow servant—how we acquired the knowledge we may by this time have forgotten, but that we did manage to pick up a good deal of informa tion on the subject wo remember well enough. Those early ghost stories, those now but dimly-remembered long improbabilities—to say the least of them—that reached our ears tinged with the vivid colouring of the rustic mind, though now they are the most useless of all the useloss lumber that we have from year to year relegated to those attics of our mind farthest removed from the spacious chambers where we 10-day entertain modern ideas— onoe they were the most real of our little stook of mental acquisitions. They are like the broken battered toys, the armless headless dolls, the wheelless carts, the tailless maneless horses that once, new and bright, charmed our childish Hvob, were for a month, a week, a day, the supreme object in existence v then lost their V>shness for us and we our love for them, and they lay neglected and forlorn until, being material, they were swept away. The ghost stories of our youth have been swept away too, but only further back into the meaner and more remote recesses of our minds —they were but toys—but being mental toys they can never wholly perish while we remain. The memory of them brings back a train of associations. Who- does not remember the sudden awakening to full consciousness in the dead of night, with the knowledge that it was the dead of night? The flurried beating of the little heart, the appalling sense of mystery and isolation, the angry glare of the setting moon reddened by the vapours in the atmosphere, bringing instantly to mind the echo, " and in that great and terrible day the moon shall be turned into blood," the sudden flaw of wind entering the old-fashioned casement by a ohink, and wailing round the room with a superhuman tone of pity and despair—then, cowering and half-gasping for breath, the wild excitement, half a fear and half a mad desire to see " some thing," if there really is " anything" to he seen of the unearthly—and the culminating shriek in whioh the tension always ended. Aid after that the rousing from the subsequent stupor by the lighted candle and the mother's voice— oh what comfort in after life has ever had the reassuring solace of the mother's touch and words? what sleep tho sweotnoss of the sleep to whioh she lulled one with tho old-time melodies and rhymes never heard since those young days ? Bolts and bars and rattling chains, security against the midnight robber and the lurking rogue, but no seourity against the ghostly visitors who could enter tho keyhole or crevice ; the creaking in the wind on the bleak hillside of the lonely gallows-posts, the melancholy re mains of a more barbarous time, and the bleached bones supposed to lie beneath; the gloaming whiteness of the tombstones in the churchyard, harmless enough by day, and even interesting, for here one spelled out poetry "Afflictions sore long timo he bore," and imagined the first long word to be the name of a specific disease, but weird when thought of at night, and, heavy as they were, perhaps hardly heavy enough to fulfil their imagined purpose of keeping down the restless spirit below; the magic flicker of the fitful Will-o'-tho-Wisp which led men on until they wore engulfed in quaking morass —a yielding grasping death; the dread significance of fall ing star; the harsh croak of ill-omened raven, the texts about the worm that dieth not, and tho weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. Theso things were real enough to form a good substratum for a layer of logends. And the legendß—the blood-red hand; the tapping of high-heeled shoes and the rustling of brocade of 100 years before along the cor ridors ; the ringing of bells by unseen hands; the slamming of doors on windless nights, and the reflection of blue light from within unin habited houses—what modern sensational story has claim to greater realism than those ? But the ghosts are all gone. The spread of education, the cheapening of books, the advance of scientific knowledge, the custom of explain ing tho how, the why, and the wherefore of all things visible and invisible, of all things not only under but in the sun, have driven away for ever the ghouls and goblins of the childhood of half a oentury ago, and the most ignorant of modern children can at least cry with scornful incredulity, "Ghosts! Why, thero ain't nor ever wa' no sech thing." The ghosts are gone; but there remains in the human mind that faculty that made stories of ghosts, and of all things mys terious, delightful beyond measure. An unknown "beyond" and "after" is ever present with us as if just beyond the boundaries of our paddooks lay an unexplored, an unapproaohable, region. Science may have told us what lies beyond most of the phenomena of life ; the animate and inanimate world may have been opened out, and gazed at through telescope, peered at through microscope, diagrammed and piotured and made clear up to a certain point, but behind that point lies tho " beyond*' and " after;" and what we can never know can only be guessed at as the mace wondrotu in the light of what we do know. But if the beyond and after in material matters haa been pushed back farther and farther by the explanations of science, in mental life it lies aa olose by as ever. The feeling that there may be ghosts has gone from us so completely that we are liable to say we wonder how anyone can ever have been so Billy as to believe in them; but when we dis miss thus hastily from oar minds a fuotor in the lives of the past, a factor that can only be properly estimated in full view of the differing circumstances of that past, we overlook a some thing that exists to-day in ourselves which is equally inexplicable, and some may say equally groundless. This is, a consciousness (that occurs to us at rare intervals) of the nearness of an Unknown, and which is, perhaps, allied with a capacity for awo and roverenco, in much the same degree as a belief in ghosts and hob goblins was allied with a capacity for fear. In mature years the rush and hurry of a thousand currents, the cutting of which at some point or other make up the interests of individual life, leave us little time, and oftener still perhaps little inclination, to pause and listen if per chance wo may see or hear aught that shall be to us what the fancied manifestation of ghosts and ghouls was to our progenitors; but in childhood, as we all remember, the Unseen eeemed only just out of sight, and doubtless half the charm of the ghost stories lay in the faot that the unexplained and unex plainable in them was in exact agree ment with our intuitive perception of an Unexplained and Unexplainable in life itself. But busy as wo are, and dull as we havo grown to the hidden meanings that may underlie the outward appearances of things, the busiest and the dullest amongst us must at times have been struck by the sudden consciousness of " somo thing" near us, something influencing us iv an unusual manner. Something—we know not what—not of our world, as we see it and under stand it at all times except these rare moments. Dawn is always beautiful, full of promise and freshness, but who has not exparienoed on some particular morning a wholly new sense of its influence ? From some cause or other wholly unimaginable and unaccountable the spirit of the dawn has touched the spirit of man, and for a brief moment he has seen things he nevor saw before, and that ho looks for in vain afterwards. The morning flowers that he has been accus tomed to sco as flowers hitherto, and sees but aa flowers fjr all Time after, on this occasion give him sentient glance for glance, and are real beings with consciousness of life. The glad chirping and gurgling of the morning birds are something more than the mere twitterings of sociability, something that hints of a vast orchestra somewhere, wherein the voices of all created things make up a wondrous sym phony ; and the swift pulsating swish of their many wings conveys more ideas than that of motion, and gives to the imagination an impetus as entrancing as it is short—its flight oheoked as the sound of theirs dies away in the distance, and then—the glamour is gone, and the morning is all at once as all other mornings have been, and as all other mornings will be. But the ghost of the dawn, seen once, haunts us for ever after, though in time we get to think that we may not really havo seen it at all. And then in the darkness of night, in the silence when the working world is resting, when the pleasure-seeking world has sunk ex hausted out of sight, when the weary ones who suffer have at last surcease of sorrow for too short an interval, something mysterious haa at times spoken to us through the sombre chambers of the night. Voiceless suggestions come from beyond the confines of what is known and apprehended by man from the darkness that lies beyond all human know ledge, from an unknown region at which we guess only from these intangible intimations. At these moments that come not often, not just now and then but onoo or twice in a life time, what avails it then that we lie on soft couches and are proteoted from all material ill by the curtains and cushions of comfort ? The mystery of the offeot of darkness is upon us ; the sealed book of the awesomenoss of absolute silence is in our hands, and our ignorance of its meaning strips us of our midday oonfidenco, our unfaltering morning tones. The race of man has spent pretty near half of its time in dark ness since its origin—who shall nay how long ago p— an d yet to -day each individual is liable to feel that in this darkness, to which he ought to be as much accustomed as to the light, lies a power that has stolen upon him and made him feel in the dead of night that he is a naked helpless soul in the grip of a force that is stronger than he, and that some day, sooner or later, houses and money and land, lowing herds, waving crops, and laden fleets, home and wife and children will drop from his life and from his knowledge; will ho learn the secret of the spirit of darkuoss and of silence then—who can tell P But the hour passes, the days go on, the after nights are but of ordinary darkness and stillness, and one may even come to laugh in time at the remembrance of Che horror of great darkness that on that one occa sion fell upon him. A mystery, too, is the spirit of the storm. When the gusts of wind rushing in mad haste tear up the forest trees, and tread like giants with destructive footsteps on the dwellings of men; when the lightning-Hashes oleave the darkness, and win back flash for flash from the overcharged earth; when the long low growl of the distant thunder is lost in tho terrjfio olash over head ; when tho downpour of rain fells to the earth as with stripes tho frail shrub and slender eaplin?—it is not the ohances of being smitten by lightning, nor thoso to be feared from fall ing mosses, that hold one motionless at gaze, but tho sense of a mighty force behind the storm, that reoks no more of ruin wrought on populous city than on Bwarming ant-hill, that may and can and does treat that as wo treat this, when it lies as an obstruction in our path. And after the storm, the spirit of the calm enters the heart and nestles like a dove with, folded wings in deepest quiet there. The in fluence of tho peace is as mysterious aB is the influence of the storm, and both are as inex plicable, as regards their bearing upon our fife, as are those of the darkness and the dawn. Knowledge may be increased, and much that. ii Mddea shall be revealed, but while the iacnltgr far wonder and awe remain in the mind* of men there will be mysteries for them to yupfler over and delight in, as in olden times fhwy pondered over ana delighted in their poor old chaste. 