SYDNEY J0T11XGS. (FROM OCR O1V3T COEEESPONDEVT.) SYDNEY, Wednesday. The death of Mr. Dallcy lias cast a sombre tinge over the events of the week. He was a man for whom almost .everyom* had a regard. Free and easy epicureans adored him because like them, lie made uo secret of his intention to enjoy life. Poli ticans, even those who most bitterly opposed his policy, were compelled to respect him on account of his commanding ability. He had the rare and inestimable s;ift of beint* able to move men's wills and influence their affections where lesser lights found themselves laboriously endeavouring to en lighten their understandings. Of course this only applies to the ordinary rank-aud-file and to his own party wiujsi: pi epussusfciuiia wcit; aLicauy ojiucu iti his favor. There was a staunch, hard -headed minority whom he could never influence, who saw clearly 'the flaws iu his brilliant devises, and on whom it always devolved, sooner or later, to re medy the mischief they had caused. But even these, while they distrusted the political], 'could not but admire the man. He owed his chief power to his bright, congenial and sympathetic tempera ment supported by a rare tact and experience of men and of history. No one could leave his pre sence without feeling that he had, -or might have, a powerful personal friend. Nor did his good will end here. Many instances of his maguauinous generosity and prompt liberality were spoken of, and there are doubtless many more which will j never be known on this side of eternity. A man of such magnetic influence and power and such intel lectual ability might, if solely devoted to unscru pulous ambition, have been as great an enemy to his country as Napoleon Bonaparte was to France. What he expected from the military resources of the people, and how little regard he paid to the constitutionial restraints by which the activity of those resources is wisely restrained, may bfi gathered from the history of the Soudan expedition No difficultiec would have daunted him from form ing a conception and a plan., no scruples would have prevented him from putting the plan into execution. The difllculties he would leave to those who ven tured their lives to overcome them, the scruples to those who felt them. On the -other, hand had he devoted himself to that political life for which lie was so well fitted, he might have been the active force in the regeneration of his country. But so far as outsiders can read his character, the same considerations which prevented him from achieving a more unenviable distinction than pertains to him as a self- appointed military dictator also prevented him from greater achievements in a more laudable direction. He loved, as I said before, to enjoy life ' He entered politics only when the victory had been achieved and he could take his place with acclama tion as the cynosure of a triumphant party. The toils and vexations of opposition lie consistently eschewed. Still it is given to no mon to be perfect and. while truth compels me to endeavour to form an accurate rather than a flattering estimate of the distinguished man who has juss been removed, I cannot forget that he was distinguished -that he occupied a proimneut position in the eyes of his fellows not by virture of adventitious circumstances but by virtue of great endowments, 'which, on the whole, were not unworthily directed. From the dead to the living is always an inevi table transition. Among Mr. Dalley's most pro minent remaining disciples most be reckoned Mr. Dibbs, who glories in the influence ?which his de parted chief has exercised over his political beliefs and actions. ' Sir. Dibbs has just been elected leader of the opposition. Not that this is any great hononr. He was leader last session, and it was no uncommon position for him to find himselt without followers. This untoward situation was j-artly due to his own impulsive waywardness and obstin acy, partly to the ill-disguised ambitions and bick iugs of his q' supporters,1' of whom there are at least six who regard themselves as much better litted for the chief position than the gentleman -who now occupies it. I don't know that this state of afikirs need be quite so severely visited on the Op position as it is by the press writers on the domi nantsiJe. In astateof affairs like that which obtains at pressent, when all the prizes go to thesupporters of the government, it takes a man of some strength of mind and great independence of character to belong -, to the Opposition at all. Bnd men of this descrip tion find it at least as difficult to agree with one another as with those' ^who are more docile and '''?^i.l^Tfsfcier To do them justice, I must say that the Opposition, so far, have evinced no desire to resort to factious obstruction. 'The only delay that has yet been experienced is tliat which is caused by the tardiness of the Government in bringing forward the proper business. The session can only be a very brief one, and even a single day can be ili Epared if the business is to bf tranacted properly. Everything comes to him who waits. At Wol longong the tide seems to have turned in favour of the long suffering lit ensed victualer. All over the colony he is threatened with the operation of a re morseless local option law which is not only in tended to limit his output of manufactured pro ducts but to take away his very means of subsist ence. Of course I need hardly explain that in ths eyes of the teetotallers,, the ?' manufactured j.ro. duct' of the publican is the confirmed drunkard. Without stopping to discuss that question I may state that in the pleasant little township aforesaid the ruin selling interest is strongly represented in the Borough Council, and it has been doing a little *' local option' on its own account It lias secured the passing of a by-law which enacts that in Wollongong, any persons inarching through the streets as a musical procession shall be liable to fine and imprisonment. Nothing to them that this right was freely conceded in every other town in the colony, even in the crowded streets of Sydney They had their local powers, and they meant to Use them according to their own interpretation of them. For my own part I must say that I think they have strained them to an altogether unjusti fiable pitch I find it very hard to believe that it \yas ever contemplated to allow municipal magnates, ?R'ho in many cases are ignorant of the first prin ciples of jurisprudence, to pass laws affecting the liberty of their fellow citizens, even when they dis approve of their religious belief or proceedings. Stnl less can I imagine that it was ever intended that the whole paraphernalia of national justice, I our police force, our warders and our gaols, should I compraisantly be placed at the disposal of any form I of local bigotry which happened for the moment to be paramount. Pcriiaps, I am hardly a reliable guide in this matter, for I must plead guilty to a very firm belief that if the imprisonment of any section of ..society is a panacea for our woes, we should suffer much less from the permanent incar ceration of 'Brother Buug:- and Ms best customers than from that of the Salvation Army, grotesque and mistaken on many points of piactice as I be lieve them to be ; as, however, I have very little faith in the virtues of imprisonment in any case, nerhaus this concession of faith is irrevalcnfc. «, Anyhow, the Borough Council strained its pov;p*B| 8La£*ss ths by-law and it was iiblv«a^ond^d^iy-|9ie' jff' iadi\ridulffiJ'ali;!t1|§|^^S^^^^ male members ?tjj&kt; ? Jbeing lodged in *gaoia5Ftne puolig^ expense. Of SS ?. these two one marched up the street playing a cor JBfF^'*' net. Then there was only one. . The' jfcsB&jrmer; ® ' was promptly summoned.' ' He thought hewad' cir cumvented the obnoxious law1, as he triumphantly plQded that one nieii could not possibly b? a pro fession of ineni'and as a Salvationist \yas never or ^ti least, hardly ever, kno\yn to' he musical the prc: tjumption was that he could not be a- '?' musical procession.'' But the Bench promptly overruled ftim. He vvas * - proceeding,' therefore, said the local luminary, he was a procession He was play ing aooraet, thcrfore he was a ' musical procession' — two astounding dicta which might well make the ghost of Lindley Murray turn uneasily in his grave —that is to say if the worthy grammarian is still there, wlricu. I don't believe for a moment What can be the intellectual atmosphere of a place where Buch things are possible is entirely beyond my com prehension, still more so is the mental and moral condition of a Government which can. permit them. Is the Sydney Supreme Court on Monday the cases Terry v. Tully and Barry v. Tully were called. Mr. R. 1-. Stephm and Mr. Gibson appeared for defendant in each case, and moved for a rule nisi, on the grounds — that the verdict was against evi dence, that there oinrht to have been a nonsuit, ' and that plaintiffs did 3iot give any evidence of malice', or an absence of reasonable and probable cause The actions, which were tried before Mr. Justice Junes and a jury on September 21, . were brought by plaintiffs, who are shearers, against de fendant, a pastoral tenant, to recover damages £or illegal arrest and falsa imprisonment. The jury 'in $ach. oase returned -a verdict1 for plaintiff, with jfemastB ISO. Tiip ruJto was' granted,, ' ' 