DEAD.. MAN'S ROCiK. A ROMANlE Q B BOOK I. THE QUESr OP T'HE GREAT RUBY. CHAPTER LX (CosrrznD) 0 NTAISS THE SEC)ND PrAT OF Myr FATHEB'S J3SUoIAL, SETrSNG F iBEr HIS ADVENTUBES t IN TEt LLINSD OF CEYLON. . 'I almost oept wih arath. I tore the turf in my fr-nzy, aid filt as one whe would faan cu-as GJ ai1 Aii But after a while b my passioan repn i-.ale. I sat up and t, rrfllcted that ufltr all my fitst direc:ion might hav3 b:en the rihMt one; a any ratIe, i I woad stry an I expl>re ii tlauroaIghly. Tao tI instractions wrs precisd. ard hal heen con firmed in the mt aer of the tree Evndeady the person th ts wiro' them had baen upoan , the P'ak,und v'hat if they wera lies, was to a be Riaei by tie cs'iat p 'I pulled oa: the piretment a;ari and t, readit through; then etartel to my feet with tl fresh eaergy. I wae jsat leaoiug the little f, !asa and reatatriKg down my path, when it a strack me that hb blsh on my lofa hand was if of a curious shape. It seemed a mere ,, tingled knot of creepers covered with'irea q white bl esom, and rose to about my Ioi 1 height Carelessly I thruat my stick into,; I , mass, wheni's pa3otjorred apan-s;one I f * Yes, astone ! In a moment my knife was c oat and I was down on hoads and konee v catting and tearing at the tendrils. Some cf ( them ware fall threa inchei thitk, bat I a al.shed and tngel. with breath that came h and went immolerately fast, with bleediag a hands and thumping beart, untcil little by f little the stone was bared ani its outlines , revealed themnelves. . Bat as they dgr stnc and I saw what t; Ihad -uncovered, I fe I back in terror. he , toaae was abahn five feet ten inches in E height, and Wra rooahly shaped to repreient t, a bhman head and neck. Bat the ftca it i eas that froZi my heated blood in horror. n Never until I die hball I forgot that hellieh n exprsesiun. It was the smoohbly-ehaven face a of a man of ahbot fifty years of age, roughly carved after the fashion of many of she reins I on this moauntain. Bt whboever faihioaed it, u the artiat mest have been a tiend. If ever B malimoant hate was expressed in form, it y stood before me. Eien the blank pupils made the malevolence seem but the more a nodying. Every lteatrs, every line, wai horrible, every tnech of the chisel had added a 'resh grace ot devilish pit. It was simply Eril petrified. ' Ae this awful face, bared of the innocent creeper that for years had abrouled its ogli. I nose from the light of day, confrunred me, a d feeling of such repalaion overcame me that c4 for severdl minDtes I could not touch it. The g neck was loosely eat in a sort of socket fixed o in the earth; thise was all the monster's ii pedestaL I saw that itbarely needed a man's tI strength to send it toppling over. Yet fura o momeut I Coaid smmon apnons. At length o I pat my huada to it, and with an effort sent it crshing over amid the brashwood. 'The trough in which ibil coloel head had rested was about for feet in deph, and If narrowed towards the bottom. Ipaudown [ my hand ad drew out-* human th-gh-bone. t( The touch of this would have turned me sick ji again, had not pai statue's face already sur- , feited me with horror. As it was, I wa a nerved fr 'any tight. The pssion of my d aiacovery was upon me, and I toesed the r, moolderirit bones out aso rigtit and left. , a : * But stay'. There seemed a greOa many isa a' the trough Surely this wa bthb third thigh. d boneos tet I held now in my bead. Yoe, and a below, close to the bottom of the troueh, 14y a two skulli side by side. There were tw. 'l then, buried here. The parchmaus had onily t ipoken of not Bat I had no time to cou sider about this What I saughs now was the secret, and as I took up the second dskll , I caught the gleam of metal undereath it. 1 pat in my hbad and draw ons a buckle of gold. J d This backle is formed of two pieces, P bound sp either end of a thin belt of rotten line., and united by book and tocke I p, bwhole dilmnan a3ia ae'but in. x 2i.. hot m inide its cunrionsly carved border it is entirely u covered with writin in rude English, cha. t rteer. The narowing funnel of thetrough , had kept it from being cruhed by the atase, y which fitted into a rim roniog roand the it interior.- Beyond the backle and the two sakeletons ther was nothing inthe trough; but I looked for nothingetes. Here,i my hands, isy the secret of the Great Ruby of o Ceylon; my fingers clutched the wealth of prince. My journey had eoded, and the chs of bhe mrth were in my grasp. 'Forgetful of my guides, forgetful of the b eight of time, mindful of nothing bat tbe b golden buckle, I "at down by the nrm of the e trongh and began to dciphber the writing t The inscription. M far as I could gather, ran a right acroe the clasp. Is could be read a easily enough, and contaloed .accurate direc tioEs for searchaei in some spot but whers hat spot was it did not reveal. Is might be cldos to tbhe state; and I was about to start up aa make thbe attempt when I thonght sain of the parchment. Pallngit from my poetk I read: ' . . . beneah this stone li=e the aecret of the Great Roby; and i yet not all, for the rest is graven on the Key which *hall be already entr-ted So you. These preantions hwe 1 saken that none t may surprise thi Secret but its right poe 'Now my tather's will had expressily I ejolned, on pain of his dying cnr, that this key ahould not be moved from ita place until the Trenoweth who went to seek thes reasure should have returned and crossed the threshold of Lantri. Oaiueqnuently the ruby wa not buried on Adam's Pak, cr to returi for the ke wirould have been so much labour wasted.' Cjawoequurl, ales, she. golden hbuckle was valueless to anybody but him who knew the nest of y. fatber's tnjanctioam. Although not yet in m band, the Great Ruby was minus' J was foldina up the buckle with the pechaent before rejoining the guides, when a -erioni thing happened. The snn had climbed high into heaven whilst I was absorbed in my search, and was now floiding the lits i lawn with light In I my excitemestl had heard anda n aothing, I am noted that the hbet was growing ann bearable beneath thbe ercal rays. , But as I wu foldlrg up the prehretao Mblack shadlow seddily felt faco abe 01g1W r datotd and lokedb up. Above me stood Simon Coliver. R e was standing in tbe broad light of the i son ad watobeing le ltently, with a carius emile which grw as oar eres met, row long he hod bean there.I could not gueo, bht the itarUenese of mesting him on this spo, and the occupation in which I was sarpresd, disomposed me not. a little. HEtily thnuting back she buckle and she parcbment .at'o my pxcket, I stnoabled to my feet and stood tasing him. Evtesn a I did so, all Mr. Sanderson'swarnings came flashing into my SFor full a mint* we stood confronting each other without a word e wa« still standiug is the full blaze of th* snnlight, with the came odd smile upon his face. and a pecoliar light nla his dark eyes that never swerved for a moment. Finally he gave a low laugh and nodding lightly, -id '"Odd thing onr meeting like this, eh! Iand of Fate or some esuchb shing migbt be mired up in it from the way we ran acrose e rach oi'nr' path' ' Q eer, soo, you'll allow, that we should >both be struck with bshe fanor fur ascending thi mooaantain. Very fewr Eropeans do ir, rso I'm told. fm on my way up, are goul No? Oomino down. and taking things easily, to judge by the way I found yon * 'wat the ien iocking me ? Orb had be, after all. o saipriui T Hals voles wai soft and plesant as ers, nor could I detec a I itrsace of irony in itston Bat I wBa on my b ' This P' aeemnstewe with thebhandi Swork of the beathen, he contionedd 'Bt1 Sreilly you Usem to be in lOcke way. Icon r, aratulate you. What'ethis) .Skelatone, (h! n Upon my wod, Tnrenowet. roa'ee unearthed w a treaimr. And thisl A' 'statsoe? Well. ,It' a hiseem' pliea to come huntling for States, but you've picked up an ugly-looking beggar in all conscience ! .I Hesrdhadavanced toedkbsadwthiuk lay in the rank herbage staring up in aideous a spits to heaven. Presently he turned to me and said- " Well, this is very remarkable. The fellow who carved this seems to havebor t rowed my f-atares-not very complimentary of him, I mas: nay. Don't you ee the like. t ness?' b I: was solemn truth. Feature by feature E that atrocious face was esimply a reproduc o tion of C.lliver's. As I stared in emnorement e it seemed more and more marvellous that I I, bad not noticed the reseemblance before. g true, each feature was distorted and exag. d gerared to produce the utter m lignity of ie bh expression. But the face was the face of a Colliver. Nobody could have called him a u bandeome man, but before this I had found is Coliver not unp'esasnt to look upon. Now the hate of the statue's face seemed to have a relflected itself upon him I leant against » tree for support, and poased my ha id across c my brow as ii to baish' a fearful drea?,. Bu: fi it was no dream, and when he turned to 0 speak again I could see Inrking beneath the it assumed expression of the man all the evil a passions and foul wickedness e?raver upoan the stone ioa '" Well," he remarked, " atraooer things than this have happened, but nut much. u You seemed distressed, Treuo.v.th. Surely I, if any one, have the right to be annoyed. h B ot yon let your antiquarian zgal carry you too for. It's hardly fair to dg these potr p remains from their a Ipu'chre and leave them I to bleach beneath this tropical eon, even in the intereas of science." I 'With this he knelt dowo and began to n gather-very reverently, as I thoaght-the C bones in o a heap, and rep'ace them in their tomb. This done, he kinked up a lump or at two of turf from the little lawv and pressed ri it down upon them, bumming to himself all h the while. Finally he rose and turned again a towards me S" Yo'll excuse me, Trenoweth. It's I sentimental, no doubt, baut I have conceived n a kind of respect for there remains. Sup, o pace, for example, this t,ca was really a por. ti trait of one of this buried pair. Why, then e the dece,.ed was very like me. I forgive him h for carictouring my features now ; were he t alive, it might be different. But this p!ace e is esuffiiently out of the way to prevent the b resemblance being noted by many. By the a way, b.rg it to ask how you chanced on this E spot. Fr my part, I thought that I heard n Osnqething moving in the thicket, so 1IC folowed the sound out of pure curiosity, and cameupon you Well, welll it'sastrange world; and t's a wonderful thought, too, a that this may be the grave of somn primovral n ancestor of mine who roamed this peak fur his daily food-an ancestor of some import- h ance, to.., in his day, to judge by the magui.- t icence of hie tomb. A poat might make E something out of this: rto-day face to face b with the day before yesterday. But that's a the beauty of arch:c'logy. I did not know it C was a pnrsuic of yours, and am glad to see p you are sufficiently recovered of your illness to take it up again. Good-bye for the present. a I am obliged to be cautioos in taking fare well of you, for we have botch a habit of n meeting unexpectedly. So, as I have to be t uo and moving for the summit, I'll ssy Good-bye for the present.' We mawas well o eave this image where it is; the dead won't a mise it, and it's handy by, at any rate. I Addio, Trenoweth, and the best of lack to your future researches." a ' e was gone I could hear him singing t as be wenta streure song which he had often sang on the outward voyage long he. ! to thedetd man'sfloe, my hds ; I Slne eo I riO the dead man's soal at ble red, red lp. .t . ' The song died away in the distance before c I moved. I had hardly opened my lips during the interview, and now bad much ado o believe it a reality. Bat the newly-trfed grave was voucher enough for this. A horror I of the place seized me; I cast one shudder. lg look at the giant face and rushed from a he spot leaving the silent creepers to veil once more that awful likeness from the eyes c of day. ' As I emerged upon th ttrack again I came ptonPeterandPaul,who wre seeking me high d gad low, with dismay written upon their f, fces. Eonusing my absence as best I could, jj [declared myself ready, in spite of my ankle, n to make all haste io the descent. Of our journey down the Peak I need say little, b except that, lame as I was, I surprised and eshausted my guides in my hurry. Of the drners and difficaulties which had emoar. eased one ascent I seemed to feel nothiog gucept in the cuol of the forest, the heat was t almost insufferable ; but I w old bear of no t, delay until we reached Ratnapoora. Here, meea 's of returning as we hab come, we took a boat oowi the Kaluaogang river to Catturas, and thaeno trareH ld along the oast by Pan tore to Colo~bo. ' The object of my journey Is now accom- a plished ; and it only remains to hasten home b with all speed. But I am feeling strangely unwell as I write this. My head has never n ally recovered that blow at Bombay, and I ti inkthe bhours during which I remained ex- n posed to the sun's rays, by the sideofthat n awful imag, must have affected it. Or o perhaps the fatigue of the journey has worn a me out. If I am going to sicken I must bide Is my secret. It would be safer to bury it with tl the Jourul, at 'any rate for the time, some. e where in the garden hers. I hbave a tin box thea willust answer the purpose. My head is giving me agony. I can write no more.' CHAPTER X. OONTAINs THE THIRD AND LAST PART OF ty PATHERB' JOURNAL aETIONG PORTH THE UYTINY ON BOARD THE Bn.tLL FORTUNE 'Jnne 19-Strange -that wherever I am hospitably entertained- I recompense my host by falling Ill' i his house. Since my last entry in this journal I have been living at the gate of death, smitten down with a sore sickness. It seems that the long exposure and weariness of my journey to the Peak threw me into a fever; out of this I should soon have recovered, were it not for my head, whlch I fear will never be wholly right ag·tn. That cowardly blow upon Malabar hilt hab made a ?ad wreck of me; twice, when I seemed in a fair way to recovery, has my mind entirely given way. Mr. Everslegh indeed astures me that my life hab more than once been- despaired. of-and then what would have become of poor Maogery i 1 hoes I am thankful to God for so mercifully sparing my poor life, the more so because onnsious how unworthy I am to appear before Him. I trast I did not betrar my secret in my wanderings. Mr. Evereleigh tells me I talked the strangs?t stuff st timec-aboot rubies andskele.one, and a certain dresdlful lace from which I was strgqging to escape. But the security of my journal and the golden clasp, which I recovered today, omewhat reasaured me. I am allowed to walk in thebs gardeo for a short space every day, but not until today have I found strength todig for my board. I can hardly describe my emotions on fioding is safe and sound. P or Mar?ry I How anneoas she moust be geteing at my sildence, I willwrite her to.oeew--at iSMt I will begin my letter to mocow, for I asnIl not hove strenith to nibsh it In one day. Even now l ought not to be eritIng but I canuot foirbear makting an intry ia my rscov-red journal, if only to tsecord my thankfulues to Heaven for my resat delversance. * June 22.-I have written to Margery, habut etao the-ltetr np. on second thoug htei as I nadbettrwelt until I.her news f a vesesel in which I can safely travel home.. Mr. Everslslgh, .*ho is. very kind to me, though noss Ghearty as Mr. Sanderson, will not hear of my s arting in my preesas cotdition. I wondein what part of the world Oolliver is travelling now. '* Julyt L-'lh, this weary waiting ! Shall I never see the shores of England again? The doctor saplthat I only make myself worebyl fretting but it is hare to linier .o -when.at my Jouarney's end lies wealth atmoeSt beyond the imagination, and, what is far more to me, the sight of my dear ones. 'July 4 -In aswer to my entreatIes, Mr. Eversleigh has consented to make inquiries aboasthe homeward-ounnd vessels starting from Colombo. The result is thathe hasbe at onuse llated my impatience, and compassed his end of kepping me a little longer, by seteating--upon condition that I appcrove his choice--atn East Indiaman due to sail In aboot a fortnih 's time. The ni.enr th e ship is the Bslle Fornene, a.,d of aheca.b.t i', COrruas Blding. In spite of the name the sbip is English, audiis barque of about 600 .tone register. Her cargo consistse of sugar and coffee, and her cmew' numbers some eighteen bands. To- morrow I em smog doem with Mr. Eversleigh to Jnspecther botIam prepared beforehand to nd her to my liking. Toe onlypiy is that sbe does not SJuly 6.-Weak a I am, even yesterday's hart ecursion .exhausted me, so that I felt o ?nable to write a word last niaht. I have been over' tbhe Bellse Fortune, snd.am more than plesed, especially with her, captain, hI ose hont fae took my f.any 't once. I1 have a most comfortable cabion next to his se at p ot for me, at little coat, since it bad Sbe?u fittd up .or a ldy on t.e onUward Jvgtes~ so thtat Ishall still have a little m oneyl ta pocteton my return, as my living, :bothbere andet Boiby, ha! oet nothing, and' thordo etr'e bjlt have not exbhausted an ,torue.'-' I *ote -sialo oM.argel"'rt.dsy, making as ligna of my fllness as I could, and saing nothin of the bausiness on Malabar HilL That will beat he told her when she has me home again, and can hold my hand feeling that I an secure. 'July 8 -I have been dovn aga~l to-day to ee ths Blle Fortuear. I forgot to my sheo beloorgei to Meters. Vinceut aud Hert, o Bristol, and is bound fr that port. The only other pasenegere are a Dr. Cancanen and his wife, who are aoloaintancee of Mr. Evere leigh. Dr. Concarone i a phyeiciar with a go-l practice inC lombo, or wee, as hie wife'e delicate health has forced him tohro v rap his employment hero and return tr England. Mr. Evoraleigh introduced ome to th-n this' !norning on the Be le Fortune. Thb- hubmn o is almost as tall as my host, and loeke a man of great strength. Mtrs. Concanen is frail and worn, bet very lovely. To.day abe deemed so ill itl t I otfered to geve op my cabr, whice is really tmurch m re coat* fortable thten thoire. But bo would not bhear of it, ioneistlnz that I was by far the greater invalid, and that a ea ling v-esel w ula I qeiebly ect her right again, especially a v-c-el oond for England. Altogetber they premiser io be moas pleaiant companions. I f.rgot to day that ,ra. Ooncrae ie taking a native maid home to act ae her nurse. 'July l1.--We tart in a week's tim'. I hada long talk with Captain Holdiae to day; he hopes to make a fairly quick yassage, but says tnat he is short of hands. 1 have not seen the Cotcanene since. 'July 16.-We scil to-morrow afternoon. I have been down to make my final utrangoe ments, and fid my cahbin much to my liking. Captain le 'ling is still chort of hands. 'July 17. 7.3 p.m.-- Ve cast off our warps shortly alter 4 o'clock, and were quickly running homeward at about seven knote a hour. The CJncineno stood on deck with me watcoing Cellon crow dim on the horizon. As the praud coae of Adam's Peta faded softly anre eldwly into the eveoine's mist, and ao vani'she I, ad hope, for ever one of my life, I could not forbear ratorning thanks to Providence, which has thus far watched over me so wonderfully. Thereis a fair 'reeze, and the hab'd', though eabrt, do their work well to all appearance There were oaly fia'toe yeeerday, three having b ea nissed for about a week before we sailed, bue I have not yet seen Coptain lolling to ask him if he made up his number of hand? at the last moment. uMre. Conocaoe has ivirted me to their cabin to have a chat about Eaglarnd July 18.-I an more disturbed than I care to own by a verr carious discovery which I made this morning. As I issued on deck I saw a man etanding by the forecastle, whose hack seemed familiar to me. Peeeently be turned, and I saw him to be Simon Cotliver, tle has most strangelyaltered his appearance, being dressed now as a common sailor, and wearing rings in his ears, as the custom is. Catching eight of me he came forward with a pleassnt smile and explained himself. '"It is no manner of use, Trenoweth; we're fated to n-et. You did not expect to see me here in this getup; bt I learn last night that you pwere on board. You look as though you had seen a ghost. Don't stare ao, man-I shonld ay ' err' now, I suppose--t's only another of fortune's rumb. I fell ill after that journey to the Peak, and although Railton nursed me like a woman-he's a good fellow, and not as rough as you would expect-I woke up oatof my fever to find all themoney gone. I'm a fellow of resource, Trenoweth, so I hit on the idea of working my parage home ; by good luck I found the Belle Fortune wase shortof hands, offered my services, was arcepted-bsaving been to sea before, you know-sold my old clothes for this cortame-must dress when oneis acting a, part-and here I am." I " Rail:on with you?" I asked. S"Oh, yes; similarly attired. I did not see you yesterday, being busy wi-h the cargo, ro that it's allthe more pleasant to meet here. But work is the order of the day now. Y-,u'll ive me a good character to the captain, wont you? Good-bye for the present." I canenot tell how much thia meeting has depressed me, Certainly I have no reason for diabelieving the mane's story, but the frequency and strangeness of our meetinge make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw Railton in the afternoon ; he is greatly altered for the worse, and, I shonld think. had been drinking heavily before he shioped ; but the captain was evidentlv too sh-irr of hands to be particular. I thinkI will.ive the Concarnens my tin box to bide is their cabin. Of curge, I can trust them, and this will batll tbeft ; the clasp l will wear ab aut me. This is a happy idea. I will go to their cabin and ask them. It il halfpast 9 p ri., and the wind still fair, I believe. 'July 20--We have so far kept up an averageipeed of seven knots and a half an boar, and Captain Holding thinks we shall even make better sailing when the hands are more accustomed to their work. I spend my time mostly with the Concanens, who readily, by the way, undertook the care of my tin box, and find them the most agreeable of fellow- travellers. Mrs. Concanen has a very sweet voice, and her husband has learnt to accompany It on the guitar, so that altogether we spend very pleasant evenings, fn Bit cnre-rrrrn,) 