ORIGINAL POETRY. the unspoken message. Is that you. mate? Oh, ay! I we. dome new to me, juri? 55 blanket round my knee, I've cummat Xboreftlfer^ don't worrit about me ao; IV# the oom ' mon lot ol all The persons say, and than, yon .know, some must be A^Vm the first to give account o* tbe evil an' the i*m°feared the latter will never outweigh the first P're think It oould* Pon t know T Of course, how could you know ? Thatt fore higher Judge; I know you'd (rive me a pass, old man, without the ghost ot a grudge, , Uany's a time we've humped our swaga along the wel jniij truck* And tramped without tbe aid o' nags when goln' an' oomlng baoic. But there wae eummat else. Ah, yes I I'd nigh for gotten, mate | IVi better tell you quiok I guess, the day seems get ting late, And strange, and dark. Ah, well I Ah, well 1 Just let me grip your hand, And let us take a good long spell before we cross the •and. It's hard to dlo in thi# rough way. Ah, no, my friend, it ain't; I love tbe sorub on such A day—the gum-boughs' honeyed soent, Tbe song of birds, the hum of bee#, the wattles soented bloom, The whispering of the sheoak trees around the old lagoon; The bluo sky through the sunlit boughs looks bluer through the green. Would you be feared to die, old mate, beneath so bright a screen T I always loved the open air, tbe sunshine, an' the birds; So let us bare Just one abort prayer, an' no vain toars or tqprds. We're born, an' so we're got to die; an' what begins must end, An' mine is near, eo let me lie in this quiet spot, my friond. We never drank what wasn't out#; nor begged a meal o' meat; A'or olosed our purse to some poor mate that needed standiu' treat. Small deeds to build great hopes upon, but littles make tbe whole; An' maybe these will help us on when wo shall reach the goal. It's nearly over, Sam, my lad; the sunlight's growin' dim. Hark! bow tbe wild birds sing o'erhead the buehman'e requiem; Come closer to me; closer yet, your elippin' out o' eight! An', Sam, be euro you don't forget to give my mes sage right, 1 haven't told you yet 1 Oh dear, my memory's on the break 1 lust lay me iu the shadow here; I'll tell you when 1 ■rake. Auirust. 1838. JACK RUOBY. [The versification of the above M a little uneven, but as the poem le the genuine production of a work* iiig bushm&n; living in the mntlee country, where the opportunities for acquiring literary style are few, the unevenneae will be forgiven by the critieal reader.— Ed. A ] 