PRE-EMINENCE IN POLITICAL FBAUD. It ie a diatroBBing but undoniablo fact that an atmoBplioro of suspicion surrounds every Minister and noarly ovory member of our Aesomblr. Charges of abuso of oilico, jobbory, and corruption are constantly mado, and bavo crown so common as to oxcito but little attention. No Minioter scema to think bis own honour touched by an imputation against a colleague, and usually tbo only answer to a Btroight-out charge of public robbory is " provo it if you can." "Wo refer now not to _ " apple-bob " intrigues and bargainings for Spoakorshiny, Judgo- ships, and Agent- Gonoralstiipa which may hare Bomo noor oxcuan of vilo tradition, but of daylight political robborios and abuses of authority so sadly familiar to tho public ear. _ Of public robboriea and crimos, it is impossible to write specifically ; but of abuses of authority entrusted to mombors by their con atituents, a fow cases may bo cited. Thoro is, within recent memory, thoMilburn Crook cose, which caused the expulsion of Mr. 12. A. Baker bra practically unanimous majority, only two mombors voting in farour of retaining hira in tho Housa. Tlio Hon. Thus, Garrett (how strangolv tho titlo sounds in this con Dcctionl) was moro fortunato in obtaining a majority of two to whito wash his fearfully battered character. But that thin whitewash was effectual, Sir Henry 1'akkks, who charoctor iscd Mr. Garrett's retention in tho ltouso as a "rod-hot burning brand of shamo which could novor bo efTacod" has sinco then scon fit to rcceivo tho alleged sinnor as a col league, and Mr. Salomons, who mercilessly indicted tho present Minister for Lands, has also oxtonded political friendship to the man he once actively prosecuted. Another job oE recent ycars'aad malodorous porfumo is tho IUawarra Railway Lino. Whether that lino can bo justified on any ground of public poliey or not, thoro can bo no doubt as to tho thick hazo of corruption which onsbroudod tho manner of its construction. Tho Mudgco railway is fit to bo placod under an equal ban of condemnation. PurpoBoloss aud disastrous tiio project bnB boon from tho first, and could never hare been completed had not au opon prostitution of political powor caused it to bo brought forth in shamo and nourished to tho daily loss of tho community. Tho IIanbakkh caso is worthy to bo catalogued with thoso acts which show a misuse of powor, aud with it, too, must ho uuuibored tho North Shore Jlridgo scandal, which arose from tho proposal to giva a Government IIoubo youth, named ft tllllVTT ft unminiuun a Ol . cent on an undertaking which would run into millions. Tho Stuart Go vernment sank bonoath an array of allogod, though unproved, jabuaoa of office, and Parliament boforo then had become of such evil roputo that Sir Henry Parkes hod docidod tliat his dean soul could not rest in such an unholy placo. And with tho- ad vent of tho presont Govornmont, tho country haB bocu treated to a series of substantial charges of political fraud and jobbory, which, in any other of tho Australian States, would cause an iudignant uprising of the pooplo. Ministers, and syndicates including Ministers, lmro had tho unemployed clearing roads and paddooks on tholr estates at public cost. Circular Quay resumptions liavo boon "jobbod"to tho hugo gain of a Minister's friend ; railways liavo boon promoted in tho vicinity of land owned by Gororn- mont supporters ; John Davies, C.M.G., has been first "jobbed" iuto a billot and tlion "jobbed" into tho Upper House; so uloruf a j>b ban been aworked in tha interests of a Supremo Court Judge that ho gots £20 a year moro by retiring than ho would linvo received for continuance at his post; thon thoro nro tho Blox- some and Camfjikll jobs, tho tram way job, only prevented by tho dili- genco of public censors, and othor public scandals too numorous to ob tain even passing montion. Ministers sacrificing themselves on tho altar of public duty are known to hnvo mado more than £1000 a month by tho Im molntiou. andsomo of their supporters have profited at a proportionate rate. Yet tho country.lnurou to corruption, rorolts not under tho infliction. Fraud has corno to bo regarded as part and parcel of public lifo, and ia patiently accepted for that reason. To discover tho reason why this State lias boon shadowed by cor ruption, while ovory othor part of Australia haB haskod in the bright sun of honest Government, is not a difficult matter. Sectarianism and Sir Henry Parkes havocombinod to degrade tho personnel of Parlia ment. In this mannor. So groat has bcon tho public enthusiasm in favour of tho Promior at some times, and so great has been tbo force of bigotry at au times, toot to wnieper too narno or Pabke8, or to wear tho colour of which bigots of oithor sido approro lias bcon, without anything olso, a sufficient passport to tho As sembly. A known folon or proved fool thus has wiolded moro doc toral power than a man of intel lect who refused to do tho bidding of Paiiees or of oithor soctarian party. Tho next, and approaching, fall from powor of tho groat feoder of soctarian strife will causo a revolution in matters as tboy at prosont stand. Parkes roso with and on tho tido of bigotry which ho caused to flow, aud its ebb which cannot bo stayed by such creaturoB of his as ILiynes, Miller and Abigail will loavo tho "Kioma Ghost Party " wrocked and ruined. Tho continued rovorso which' Now South Wales prosperity has sus tained is hastoning tho euro of blind ness resulting from bigotry which so many constituencies have sufforod from. 8ocing tho urgont necessity that now presses tho consideration of rcalpoliticalquestions, tho community has becomo tho moro roady to forgot or despiso tho quasi-roligious wrangles oE tho past. Whon thoso wrauglcs ccaso from troubling and the " bloody shirt " of sectarianism is torn down, local politics will becomo puro, swcot, and sound : but until that ora is at tained thoro iB tlio fullest roason for belioTtng that jobbory, corruption, swindling and robbery will bo the ordinary and inseparable concomitants of executive administration. 