WOMALS 'SOLEMN. j \-- w NEEDLEWORK Dear Djo Toman I -We have always loved you from the morning you first dashed past us on your hunter, your freed hair, flowing to the breeze, till -the night we lost sight of you in the midnight rescue in the avonuoatOsbaldUtone; but we were sorry when you owned that you could not " sow a tucker or work cross stitch or made a pudding, or, as the Vicar's wife said of you, " do any other useful thing in the wars a world." You could have placed your needle to advantage, Die, without leading Dante one whit less appreciatively with cousin Frank and have gained, perhaps, the good word of the Vicar's wife beside?. Therefore, though we love not to find fault with you, we turn with greater pleasure to gentle Annie Erskine, in that loveliest, most idyllic of Scotch stones, Mrs. Oliphant's " Kate Stewart," where, speaking of her sitting patiently over her long prescribed task at the stiff embroidery frame of the period, there is this comment :-" There lived mony a Uuo lady then lives many a true lady now-to whom devout thoughts have come in those dim . hours, " and fair fancies budded and blossomed in the silence." And in Cowper's exquisite description of a " Winter Evening," is not the needle a fitting accompaniment to the " poet's and historian's pages," and the melody of voice and instrument accessory to complete a picture which, breathing the very spirit of domestic peace, thrills the reader's pulses with a calm delight ? Quite lately, at a meeting of some needlework association, the Princess Christian spoke of the many pleasant hours she had spoilt over such work, and we were glad to hear such words from a daughter of the first lady in England, for we don't admired in any rank, or at any ago, the woman who dislikes cr disdains that little implement of her. sçVs'c^affc which from the bone needle found in the dwelling of the cave man, to that of bronze or of gold in Egyptian or Scandinavian tomb, down to the keen, shining, sharp, and " egg eye " of our own day has been to her in all branches of its development an in- finite resource, a resource to (the Queen or Empress embroidering the gorgeous dramatic in seed pearl and gold, to Cowper's cottage with her lace pillow, to the maiden bending over her death with her happy thoughts and her shy dreams, to the grandmother knitting into her stocking her placid memories and her hopes of quiet rest And to her who wins her broad by brainwork, what grateful sense of relaxation and relief does it not convoy Table, poetry, and history are, full of it. It is the ambition of Arachne, the business of Penelope, the solace of Mary Stuart in prison. Taking up a needle comes as naturally to a girl as spinning tops and cracking whips to a boy/ and is a habit which, were we not afraid in an age so advanced as this to quote a sago once so revered as Dr. Watts, might be proved a virtue many sided. Little maid with the earnest important face the tiny thimble perched on the tiny finger you are pricking as you put in those crooked stitches-you are beginning a pursuit which will beguile many a weary hour, district many a heartache, save from many a folly in that future so wisely hidden from your baby eyes. We hope to be able to speak of various branches of needlework. Let us begin by that which is the foundation of them all plain solving. It is noticeable of those times of ours that while fancy-work, eclipsing infinitely in beauty of design and execution, as well as in harmony of colour, the formal Berlin woolwork and braiding of some 30 years back, is everywhere pursued, plain hand owing, it is to be regretted, is so much neglected as to be, with the generality of women, almost a despised, if not, a forgotten, accomplishment That this is owing, in great measure, to the introduction of the sewing-machine, no quiet observer can doubt Anthony Trollope says, somewhere, that a? preacher is the only public speaker who may say anything pleases- without fear of let or interruption. We have, elsewhere, questioned the Arnot can invention being an all-round benefit to womankind, and sheltered behind this pen we now maintain it, during the protestative clamour which awaits us from indignant housewives, "How they assail us "how could we do the house hold sowing without it? "Now make, the children's clothes, and our own dresses, and horn the sheets and make the pillow-cases ? If you had the" " How ? we reply. How I did your mothers and your grandmothers "do their ?" Apostle of absolutism," is the scornful cry, "you would likewise question the general utility of the printing-press and the railroad ? " Not so. The first has driven the dark spirit of ignorance to its cave in the vast deep of ages gone, and spread the beams of knowledge far and wide; the second has knocked upon the head mony. an old-world prejudice, disentombed many a fossil, frighted many a ghost, made friends of many foes, and, alas the while, swallowed, in its remorseless jaws, many a sweet glen I of Arcady scared many a cosy nymph from brook and glade. " And the sewing-machine," you before, " has sent Hood's pathetic sempstress-with red and swollen eyelids, blinding herself, in abject weariness of wool, over a shirt which pays her just enough to starve on-to take her place among the things that were, and, happily, are not." And this we grant you, yet parry with a side thrust On the score of health, and labour alleviated, can the machine invite the test of severe scrutiny? Go into the workroom of any private dressmaker, or of any large drapery establishment nay, only stand outside the door-and judge whether the combined and never-ceasing noise of even the noiseless " machines is not well calculated to produce as baneful an effect on the nerves of the poor girl whose daily atmosphere it is, as ever did the unremitting use of the hand- noodle on the eyesight of her predecessor, and to render her, and that quickly, a very different creature from the young lady all bloom and self- complacency, who, Seated boland the wonder-working jnechanism-smiles on us from every advertising wall and railway station. Why are physicians so constantly intersecting it? How (though this is a minor consideration) can pleasant friendly chat be carried on between two women when one is sitting at her- Singer's " or "Wilcox and Gibbs," or " Little Woman of the World ? " What husband, even if he could stand the jarring whirr, feels disposed to sit beside it when it so entirely absorbs his wife's attention that she has no word to spare for him? That it is the main cause of the careless clumsiness in most of the hand sewing, mending, and darning, we now meet with, we are convinced. Who will learn to sew by hand when she can machine stitch by the yard and the results apparent. There are, the rows of pearly stitching ? No, two grant the stitch- ing ; whose machine tlno-stitcbo':, it stitches well ; but where are the delicately-tinted "gathers," the invisible hemming, the oven " running," the regular " top-sewing " of the days of yore ? Where its reliability-the breaking of one stitch not involving destruction to the whole? Over the too- olton blotchy, gobbled handiwork of to-day our grandmothers would have held up their hands in horror. exceptions we have seen so minutely beautiful that they might have been produced by the fairy fingers of Queen Mab herself-but they served to make the rule more glaring. It is the same with mending. We have heard of damsels who, instead of darning or " fine drawing " an ugly lost in a gown, will run it up with the machine with what result may be guessed, Directions were given in the " Woman's Column " some time since for making a good cup of tea-a French rare accomplishment than is generally supposed, almost as rare as it is how to know how to sew on a shirt button, in which, as in all things else, there is an art, the stitchos.roquiringtobo put in zig-zag, and loose enough to allow of being pulled up to form a kind of shank, round which a few threads should be wound. Thus it yields to, instead of assisting, the iron, and, if the hutton itself be a good one, it will seldom require renewing, unless through gross want of care on the part of the laundress. Ignorance in the art of sowing on buttons, however, need not be attributed to the machine, to which we are very far from denying all virtue. The marvellous rapidity with which it covers ground 'is perhaps a necessity of our fast ago, and is a quality which can now neither be undertaken nor dispensed with and it may be very fairly urged that the wholesale depreciation of textures renders it scarce worth while to sit down and sew by hand material which will not give one quarter's wear of the older and more durable kinds. Then the hand machine is certainly very much less injurious to health than the first heavier and more complicated one and wherever machinery exists, exists also the inventive genius for improving it Perhaps there may yet be a machine so noiseless, easy, and delicate of execution, as to be as far removed from that of the best maker of to-day as were the masterpieces of Apelles from the rude sketch of her sleeping friend which "the Greek girl drew upon the wall. To what perfection indeed may not machinery attain. If our mortal part is now to be disposed of by it in the crematory, why not of force and to the time when affairs of love, and war and, statecraft may all be, transported by the same' versatile and invincible agency ? 'Be that as it may, it is gratifying to those who would still wish to see' hand sewing hold its place among women's occupations, that a school for plain needlework, mending, and darning was formed some years ago in London, and we regret that the periodical, (an excellent magazine for girls) in which we read an account, of it, is not now within our reach, or we would give name and dat ., and recommend its perusal to all. Many admirable Junta for mending and darning may be found from time to time in the Girl's Own Paper, ' It is much to be desired that the various branches of useful needlework were made as much a part of a girl's education as now are mathematics and the wire- draw- ing analysis which has been superimposed on the simpler study of the old grammars. But there are few schools in which they are taught; and the number of lessons, senselessly multiplied, which are given a girl for evening preparation leaves her no time for needlework, and the Saturday holiday will find her too often indisposed for anything but lounging, In conclusion, we would say that skill in hand sewing need not abrogate the use of the machine, and that lingers are available whose machines are not. There is an old saying that can do is easily carried about,", and no machine has, as yet, been found to take the place of the delicate manipula- tion required in the making rent and ancient garments look-to paraphrase the (Seqtch poet-as much like now as possible. Who can say such knowledge may not be serviceable to her It is well to be prepared for all exigencies. A queen, are now, has had to mend her torn and shabby robe, and if such vicissitudes befel a daughter of the hapsburgs, why may not the Uko await Miss Robinson and Mrs. Smith? of M. 