THE MERCURY. HOBART : THURSDAY, MARCH 8. 1888. i THE 11 currency question is semper virens, and currency doctors axe semper virente's Recently the ¡London Cham- ber of Commerce has had what we may call a' go-in at the question, showing' ^how delightfully business men, ' clear enough in theil own spheres, may bewilder themselves when they come to deal with abstract pio positions " Merchants, bankers, and others," that phrase which once w as so much iu disfavour in Victoria, aief perhaps, about the worst authorities on a scientific question such as that of finance, because they cannot be cot to regard it from any point of vie« except the way. in which they,1 themselves/ are affected by it. Iii like manner, traders are often the 'worst ,of.all authorities, ou j the condition . of a country, for the very excellent reason, that what seems evil to them may seem good to others Recently,''Mi. GIFFIN, the acknowledged authority on matters of commerce, pointed out that low prices are not, uecessaiily, an evil, although they may seem to be so to the trading classes. >Ifi those classes happen to have i large stocks ; which they cannot dispose of at a 'satisfactory figure, they declare thafc the country is in a bad way, that rum is stalking over the land with tremen- dous strides, and that something hor- rible is going to happen, and very quickly too Have we not heard a great many of these doleful predictions in this colony ?, Have not piophets prophesied very unpleasant things, even to fixing the date ¡when the country was to go in hideous ruin and combustion down * Did we not once have a respected public mau who took rhis cue from what he called, in his innocence of >the real meaning of things, the trade barometer, andjiasjie not had many disciples, some of whom live and flourish to the present day ? Yet, the colony does not appear to be ruined, on the contrary, we have been recently told on excellent authority that large quantities of accumulated capital have been sent away from here for investment in other places, which fact seems to show that wealth has been earned here and invested in various ways We should have pre ferred, ourselves, to have, seen the money devoted to works in tne' colony1 itself, but, still, if people have money to send away they cannot 'be ' doing veiy bailly, despite the croakers, with whom it has been our fate to grapple for some yeará past ' Again, as to low piices, which are 'always assumed to be ran leyil, but only so assumed because ^the trading ^classes, ,,are the authorities quoted on the subject. The bi-metallists, a very lively if somewhat credulous race, tell us that the adoption of their panacea will raise prices, as if this was, un 'doubtedly, a' very good thing itfiitSelf." Now, we say plainly that we do riot wish to see a 'rise in prices. It will not assuredly,i benefit the work- ing-classes, who form the, _, bulk of the population, it will not benefit piofessiorial men, who are a'humérous' and much suffering class, it will not benefit the îecipients , of, settled in- comes, and the only persons whom it will benefit are the ,tiaders( who make so much noise The Times says, in referring to the meeting at the London Chamber of Commerce -" It seems impossible to get bi-metalhsts to understand that there are quite a large uumber of us foi whom a general rise of pnces has no Charms' whatever. We like i them" low, and the lower the better. If they all went down ' to half their present figures we should rejoice, because we have nothing to sell and a great many things to buy." These words will find a hearty response in the breasts of a host of. persons, especially of those who have only their labour to sell, who know from dearly bought ex- perience that the seller of goods, is always able to take care of himself At the meeting iu question, where the financial hobby-horse was ridden in a most daring fashion, Lord BRAM MELL propounded the startling theory, in these days, that gold has not depreciated. He said > that it was natural that pricés~should fall, because the intellect of the world has been devoted for years to the cheapening of- production', ~and it is not at all surprising that production lias been cheapened. In the long run, in fact always as a rule, the price of an article depends upon, what it costs to produce, and if this be so, which seems to be established by evidence about as conclusive as that for the shape of the eaith or the opeiation of gravity, what difference to the general public can the monetär} system make ' Whethei one me- tal, or two metals, or half a do/.en, arc made a legal tender, does not appear to be of an) importance to anybody, except to those whose business it is to jprofit b) slight changes in values in different places As the HOB. D. AT WELLS, au American Vi^cr1)n;<5Óm'meK'e ¿nÙm0%ïfèb Wuinofcbe shown« that^the fgBopfe of India have got.less for their wheat or |hejr-cottonNbecausve",vof the fall-in ?isilver,.)ití they have taken very gooa care of themselves jndeed. Nor can it be shown that they would get any "more if silver was mâde'.a legal- tender to'àny amount injGreat Britain to-inorrow, since prices aro not regulated by the character oCthe currency, but finally and inevitably'by'the cost of produc- tion.-' The fall" in the value of silver may have affected the incomes of the* Indian civil servants, or at least the'pensioners, but even iii this'case it' is doubtful whether they have not profited to au equal oxtent by the, geneial fall in rprices, which so many persons.'especially bi-motallists, regaid with horror. j Th'e man whom the currency qucs-^ Hon,has once fairly got hold of may be said to be past cure, nothing is too wonderful for -him' to believe. The hocus-pocus of financial'jugglery an pears^to him_to ^regulate_tho whole world, andthe actual labour añd~cóst" of production to have nothing to do with,the fixing of prices. , Ho firmly believes that ho can make something out of nothing, by the issue of notes, or by altering the standard of value. He is dike a mau who rogards the eddy ipi a river as the sweep of tim ( tide, and fails to see that there ,ÍB a mighty force behind which ' is carrying all things along with it. As the1 late Professor BOHAMY PRICE pointed out, the notion that it is a good thing to lock up large quantities of gold iu a bank cellar is a pure delusion, for gold only becomes capital* where it' is ~used." Nobody thinks of locking up a million picks, and then going amongst his friends and declaring that he can undermine' the country. The picks do goodiwoik when used, and so does the gold, but neither can cause things to be produced at less than the value of the labour ex- pended upon them. In short, all the cur- rency speculations, appear to be a waste of time, like the schemes for paying off the National Debt. The currency men, amongst whom were COBDEN, used, to say that Russia could not go to War because she lacked money, but she has gone ,to war again and again, and has done without-the-money, the- reason being/that she has the sources of real wealth. ADAM SMITH poiuts out' that when there was , hardly i any money in the American colonies they were very wealthy, a fact cited bj him to show the folly of endeavour- ing by all sorts of schemes to keep gold inTTcôuntry, aud the absurdity of the doctriue of the balance of trade, which still survives, aud causes people ,to lament over the imports, and rejoice over the exports In short, if ' people would' but keep their minds clearly fixed upon the actual facts, they would see that the world is not ruled by the incidents of distribution, but by, the lasting conditions of pro- duction ; that nations never yet were ruined by the scarcity of money,1 for they were prosperous enough in the days of which HOMER sings when money was unknown, but only by the absence of honest~"labour, and the want of frugality. ^-1 I MOST people are familiar with' an old hymn in which it is said of the Euler of the Universe that " He works in inysteiious ways His wonders to per- forai.'^_With some degree_of modi- fication these lines may not unfittingly >be_ applied to Government establish- ments "The ways of "omcialdotn"a"re oftentimesmysteriouseiiough.although the wonders .performed are for the i most part of a very commonplace if not doubtful character. Red tapeism has been made the subject of satire among English writers almost from time immemorial, but still it flourishes not only in England but more or less in alLthe English dependencjescjl'o take the Post Office department as-an illustration,' we have more than once been shown letters in Victoria that have been addressed to Mi. So-and-So, informing him that there is a letter for him upon which insufficient postage has been paid, and that' he can have the same on for- warding the sum of one penny ¡Ordj-' miry common sense would suggest'tlie despatch'of the letter to its'destin nation, and the collection of ' the sum due for postage .on^dehyeiy. But there is no natural affinity, between red - tapeism and ' common 'sense. Officialdom: rises superior to the con- siderations which govern the lives and Ipioceedirigs of ordinary humanity^; in i fact,-it-works -in-^mysterious -ways, 'while the wonders it performs not in- frequently partake láigely of the ¡ludicious element. Some very amus-J ling instances of this aré cited in an .article which appears in the Feb- ruary number of Chambers' Journal, I under the title of " Humours of a Government Office" The writer ¡prefaces his anecdotes, which are ,of a very decidedly humorous charaoter, by observing that the annoyances so often complained of by , those whose evil genius has driven I them into dealings with Government ' departments, the formalities, the end- less delays, the crooked ways which prevail in the temples dedicated to the worship of red-tape, are commonly supposed to be pait of a cunningly devised system invented by over- paid and over-bearing officials, whose one object is to embarrass, humiliate and embitter the lives ot such of Her Majesty's lieges as are not fortunate enough to belong to their own haughty and exclusive caste If this be so, he says, it may be some consola- tion to the said lieges to learn that the authors of the system are also its victims-that the wielders of the red tape scourge do not spare their own backs. He then gives some specimens of the stripes it inflicts, which, ludicrous as they may appear when presented in print, we venture to say have been and may again almost any day be paralleled in the Government departments of any one of the Australian colonies. A clork wants a hat peg fixed up in his loom He puts forWaid a requisi- tion, which after being initialled by a number of officials-initialling is the one gieat future in the woik of a Go- vernment Department-finally teaches the individual who directs1 the woik uieu After a decent interval the executive an ive, geneially in the plural number, aud proceed to survey the room in which operations are to be undertaken, and to fix on a site for I.' ' ;r * $*ÉkAeg¡$U migá'be.SoügQl!;bvv ' tthe nop-offieiaí ,mind.'4hat ,the;clorK who sét}JtheNball|;a-roJ)îng would.be à fuirlyjgood judge on^tnis last point".; but in the estimation of thpjifficialslt would be quito iriegular to consult him Tlio executive having " earned a night's repose "' depart^ find} «bon after--perhaps _ in __ less than a week even-another- workman ap- pears on the scene with a selection of hauunèrs, screws, naijs, planes, and -if ho happens to reuiombei them * hat pegs. Having fixed on a site of his own--différant from that chosen by. his ^predecessor^, aud of i course ' difforent fiom that dosired> by the , clerk, he proceeds to fix'up'tiie^peg^ and sometimes completes the tvo'ik ii; a day. '/ \\* n.l' The' position' of »the peg, though eminently artistic, js Jnconveniont.Mn ' fact it provonts/'tno closing of'ithe* room-door. t Ho, doe? not .deny this wheui.it'i is i pointed out to him; ho merclyTremarks that" ho ? cannot exceed his instructions,1 which' were "to put up njiat-p^g, and that to tako one down requires a fresh i set of instructions lu a few weeks, after thö inevitable requisition, these are giveu, moro workmen arrive,tho offend- ing peg is removed, and the door is closed once again. If the second requi- sition . is cunningly worded the second set of instructions may inolude the fixing up of the peg in a more c'on-5 venient position, but to negotiate this" successfully requires great tact and ex- perience. Does a clerk want a handle taken from au ordinary door and fixed on a baize-covered door ? After ihe" usual formalities, the horny-handed .son of toil puts in an appearance, unscrews the handle, throws it into a corner of the room, and prépaies to go. i On being remonstrated witli for leaying undone half of what is required the nature of which is explained to him, he states that1 he has carried out his instruction», and expresses1 a mild surprise that ' he, a specialist in ordinarydoors.should be expected todo' work appertaining the green-baize-door department man. ; " Order," says the writer, " which is heaven's first law, is also the first law in a Government office," but from the instance he cites it would appear that circumlocution rather than order is the first order. ?' If a clerk thinks his rank' entitles him to better candles than those served out to him, he gets his principal to ask the office-keeper to request the UNDER-SECRETARY OF STATE to pray the UNDER-SECRETARY of the Board of Works to move the Board to grant the SECRETARY or STATE permission to authorise the UNDER-SECRETARY to direct the office-keeper to issue the superior kiud of candles. By the time the office- keeper gets the direc- tions, tho dark eveningsi are perhaps past ; next winter probably another maker's candles are used, and as he adopts 'a different ; classification of his goods, all the corre- spondence and requisitions have not much practical result except to ' make a precopt. To those ' un- versed in the mystorious ways of officialdom this may appear a some- what exaggerated picture, but those who have had any experience in con- nection with Government''depart- ments can testify that " it is not. Parallel cases to these cited could be qHoted by the score, and thoreiare not a few Civil servants in the colonies who couldr,'if they chase," ,'cite1, m-} stances'in which half a ream of fools- cap has been used.upi over ¡a. requisi- tion for a shilling's' worth of blotting paper." 'Apparently nothing is, too small for the official mind to dwell upon, or to make the subject of an in- terminable correspondence. CABLE NEWS.-Count Horbert Bismaick | was to interview Lord Salisbury, at St. James' on Tuesday laBt, on the Bulgarian question. It is stated that the Chancellor of the Exchequer will, on making his Budget speech, on the 15th inst., be ablo to show à surplus of three millions sterling. Latest news from San Remo concerning the health of the Crown Pi moe of Germany is re- assuring, but much anxiety prevails, and his physicians admit that the disease under, which he suffeis is not diminish, ing. - .At .. the express wish of the Emperor William the Crown Prince will return to Berlin at the end of the presont month. The health of the Emperor is weak, he is copfinod to his room, and the latost bulletin is unfavourable. For the 'Varsity boat race which comes off on the 24th inst, Cambridge is the present favourite at good odds, i The Cambridge Senate has, declined to rouomtnend tho granting of university degrees to women, Trouble is swiftly looming between France and Italy. The» former is making aggressive movements' on the fionticr, and tho Italian Press is Bounding a note of warning. At the cele- bration of tho Prince and Princess of Wales' silver wedding on Saturday next, the Queen will dine with them at Sandringham. The Australian, cricketers will play their first match in England in April next. I POSTAL.-Receiving posthouses are to bo established at tho Sandfly, Huon road, and Leprena, on, the mail routo to Recherche Bay. SUBURBAN RAILWAY ARRAHOEifENTS. iWe have been asked to direct the attention 'of the courteous and obliging manager of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway to certain inconvenience connected with the railway service between Hobart and O'Brien's Bridge. Ouo is that there is no train from . Hobart after 8 o'clock, except on Saturday 'nights, and it is pointed out that S líalf-'pSst > 10 o'clock train running as far as O'Brien's Bridgo and returning to Hobart > afterwards would be a great boon, and would, when W , established iact,, be > largely availed of. Another is that the expresa, both up and down, should bo allowed to stop, by signal, at Risdon road, which ia now the recognised I centre of our most important Northern suburb. The express stops at mush, less important stations, so it is to bo hoped iMr.i Grant will put on his 'considering tap and; see what can be done in the matter. ¡ ; Waste of Water.—"A Thirsty Soul" writes as follows :-MI£ any ratepayer would 1 like toi see an instance of the'municipal 'how-not-to do-lt' system in vogue by,that body, it will only bo necessary to visit Montpelier street, near its junction with Harrington-street, where the water hu been , running to waste for weeks, down the gutter towards the wharf. During tho last week a show has been made to look for the leakage ; but how? Two or three decrepit old men, who Bcem scarcely able to lift a pick, ? laboriously soratch a hole in the road in the morning and fill it up again at night, and 1 the water runs to waste as faBt as ever. There used to be great talk of having new blood in the council. This has been tried for the last few years, but either tho blood or brain-potter of the new aldermen has got muddled, and the sooner we return to the old the better," THE BRISBANE-STREET EXTENSION.-The work of extending Briabane-street to Park street, by placing a culvert and roadway over the creek formerly crossed by the old footbridge, was eommenoed a veiy long time ago, and a few months back the public were in hopes of shortly being able to use the road with comfort, but the work of finishing olí Ima been delayed'in a most unjustifiable munuer, the result being that during the light rain »e recently had tho place was a quagmire, mid on a dark night tho way is absolutely dangerous by reason of the blocks of stone and wood scattered about. Wo understand that thtcontractor for the work received u concession iu the extension of his ' time, ami that this has since expired with- out the work being completed. ( Surely it is , someboly's duty to soo that the public have the UBO of this road to the Domain without further unnecessary delay.' f*j AS i "A ' *'/ _ .. « -ii,-. -i - JS " ' THK RIFL^RANOK.-A^p^l'i UXJaVf Ê laced in position at th« rifle rango, Sand/ lay, to give commuuioítíon fcatwuen I tfi»_ -markers at the Coutts K aijd tho different firing points. This" littls vonnvenÍMicB^,lll baf much appreciated by° diemen, and add . -to the ptotection of tho markets. MELBOURNE EXHIBITION.—A meeting of the Executive Committee appointed to secure the representation of the colony at the Mel- bourne Centennial Exhibition was held at the Town Hall last evening. His Worship the Mayor presided, and the following mem- bers were present :—Messrs. N. J. Brown, G. P. Fitzgerald, A. Morton, C. F. Cress- well, E. Hawson, T. A. Reynolds, W. F. Brownell, C. A. J. Piesse, and J. C. Davies (hon. secretary) .The secretary stated that he had received a letter from the Launceston Executive Committee in reply to the one he had written informing them of the appoint- ment of the Hobart committee, and seeking a conference between the two com- mittees. The letter reciprocated, the kindly feeling expressed by the Hobart committee, and stated that the Launceston committee were striving to make the exhibi- tion representative of the mineral wealth, the manufacturing industries, the timber, and the cereals of Tasmania, and that in soliciting exhibits they would confine them- selves to the north side of the island, includ- ing Ross, the Fingal district, and the West Coast. With reference to the request for a conference between tho two executives the committee would prefer first of all that the Hobart committee should formulate a scheme which they would carefully consider before determining upon a conference. The secretary also read a telegram from the Mayor of Laun- ceston stating that his committee would work with the Hobart one, but would like to arrange without a deputation, as they could not got away at present. On the motion of Mr. Fitzgerald, seconded by Mr. Morton, it was agreed that the Hobart Ex- ecutive undertake to collect all exhibits south of Ross. The secretary was instructed to write to the Launceston Committee, stating that among other matters which they would like to discuss in confer- ence were disposition of space, arrange- ments of exhibits, uniformity of show cases, erection of central trophy, quan- tities of grain to be exhibited, etc., and in order to meet the Launceston committee as far as possible to ask if they would be prepared to receive a number of the Hobart Executive Committee in confer- ence next Wednesday afternoon in Laun- ceston. The secretary was instructed to write to the Government to ascertain what class of exhibibits they were having prepared for central trophies, etc. A form of applica- tion for space was agreed upon, and the secretary was authorised to have similar ones circulated amongst probable exhibitors. The secretary read a letter which he had received from the Government, stating that the £25 applied for would be paid to the committee upon signing a receipt for same, and that the committee might make its own arrangements at the bank as to how the moneys were to be drawn out ; also that the Colonial storekeeper had instructions to supply stationery from the Government stock, and the Government printer to execute the necessary printing. This was all the business, and the committee ad- journed. £ RAINFALL -* 'At- 0 'a.m. yèitordny tho record of rainfall for the previous 24 hours waa :-Southport, *45m.; 'Hobart, '38in.; Swansea, 'lSin. ; Oatlands, -Min. ; Mount Kelson, *55in. ; Launceston, *09in. ; Mount BÍBohoft, -52in.¡ Corinna, "lOin. i / ¡ A VERY OLD IDENTITY.—At Rokeby on the 3rd inst. Mr. Joseph Downward passed away. He was born in 1803, and came with his father to Tasmania in 1819. He was with his father for many years in a large milling business at Sorell. He relinquished this, and was one of the first settlers in Victoria, and was there in the early days of the diggings, but returned to Tasmania and became dispenser and hospital steward at Port Arthur, from which position he retired on a pension in 1873. He married Harriette, daughter of Dr. Westbrook, of Sorell, who survives him. He leaves two sons and two daughters, who are now settled in Mel- bourne. Mrs. W. Townley, of Clarence Plains, Mrs. G. Townley, of South Arm, and Mrs. F. W. Mold—for many years a pupil teacher at the Battery Point State School, and now the wife of the State School teacher of George's Bay—are his daughters. Mr. Downward settled in Melbourne with his family about four years ago, and at the time of his death was on a visit to his daughter, Mrs. W. Townley. He was about to return to Vic- toria, and was going to pay a farewell visit to Rev. J. Rowsell when he received a paralytic stroke. Mr. Rowsell first saw him thus suffering, and took him to his daughter's house, where he was attended by Dr. Giblin. He passed away at noon. Mr. Downward at the time of his death was possibly the oldest colonist in Tasmania. He was always unostentatious. The late Mr. Fisher and he were great friends, and it was always interesting to listen to the talk of these two when recalling the vicissi- tudes of early days and fighting their battles over again. He was an attendant for many years at Chalmers Church. SUPREME COURT. —The Supreme Court sat yesterday in its Small Dubta Jurisdiction. His Honor, Mr. Justice Dodds, presiding. The hearing of the case, Heir v. Scott and anor, occupied the greater part of the day, and resulted in a , verdict /or plaintiff, damages' 10s. Tho only other case disposed of was that of Hookey and amor. v. Dalley, .heard ex paru, and a verdict given for plaintiff for the full amount claimed. An adjournment took placo in' the- case of O ill and anor v Golding, at tho suggestion of His Honor, in ordei to allow time for the pro- duction of coi tain documents required, and the caso Majihy v. Jones, was completed in so far as evidence and counsels' addresses wera concerned, but as it was nearly, sovon o'clock, His Honor deferred judgement until this morning. The Court sits at tcu"o'clock tins morning. CITY POLICE COURT.-Tim Police Magis- trate and Alf. A. E. Lord, J.l\, were the picsiding justices at tho City Police Court yesterday morning. Mary Nyo was charged with having wandered abroad and haying no fixed place of abode, but was convicted on the evidence of Constable Cox, and waB sent , to the House of Correction for three months, . the Police Magistrate remarking that as sho would not Buy iu tho Invalid Depot, she would probably got into mischief if allowed to wander about. James Williams, a lad |of 11 years, elected ,to be tried by the .Bench,, and pleaded guilty to having stolen the sum of £9 in notus and cheques from Mi, John Connor, of the barge Uncle Tom.I/D.C. Delaney stated that the boy had run away from homo and had beon staying on board the barge for about a fortnight, but decamped on the previous morning with the sum of £9, which the master of the balgo had left in his pocket-book in the cabin. Tho Bench ordered tho boy to be sent to the Cascades Training School for a period of four years. This was all the business and the Couit rose. DRAPERS' AND GROCERS' EXCURSION. Tile members of the Drapers and Grocers Assistants'' Association took advantage of the Wednesday half-holiday to organise an excursion to Peppermint Bay yestorday afternoon. The B.s. Koonya was chartered for the occasion, and left the wharf short'y after 2 o'clock in the afternoon with about 200 persons on board. The weather was rather boisterous for pleasuring, but the best was tfade of the surroundings, and the boat »teamed safely home shortly after 7 o'clock in the evening, no one being the i worse. EXCURSION TO'NEW NORFOLK.-The p,B. Monarch left the wharf yesterday morning, taking about 80 excursionist* to New Norfolk. It is probable the threatening weather deterred many from venturing on the trip, but after all the day turned out 'fine, and those who ventured out had an 'enjoyable time.' 'The city was reached »bout 6'30 o'clock. The p.a. Monarch is announced to make another quiet trip to New Noriolk on Monday next, leaving the Franklin ' Wharf at 9 a.m. BAKIJK RACE.-A meeting was held at the Nautilus Hotel last evening to make arrange- ments for a barge race on Saturday afternoon next, starting from the esplanade. A good 'deal of interest was taken in the proceedings by river-side men. and contributions were promised which will permit of three prize* being given-£10, £5, and £4. The follow- ing barges were also entered :-Aun Ellen, Shamrock, Swallow, Eveuing Star, Water Lily, William and Susan, Rosebud, Favourite and Jubilee. BELLERIVE REGATTA.--A meeting con- vened by the Warden of Clarence, is announced to bo held in the Counoil Chambers, Bellerive, at 8 o'clock this even- ing, to take steps for holding the annual legatta, , QUARTERLY MfaKXiNa.-The usual quarter- ly nmcul ing in connection with the Primi- tive Methodist Church was held yesterday afternoon, under the presidency of the Rev. J. E. Wright, minister of tho circuit. Thoio wus a fair attendance of officials, and tho report submitted showed that tho Church was in a flourishing condition, both numeri- cally and financially. In tho eveuing a public'meeting waa held in the Church, when various addresses were deliverod upon the best means to inorcaae the prosperity of tho Church. ? i J i ii',! ,U . I I .1 . 1 i ' I .J ,'< . ^3Çl8t FAUST FAMILY.-Despite tho bols . torous weather prevailing lost night thora ' ïjf**!^ no ,neans a uad attoudanco at the Theatre Royal to witness the third perform- ance of this very dover family. Evoiy \- -item of the varied programme »-as ap- plauded to the echo, and tho tableaux vivant« of_atatuary wore again vory much admired. To-night the management announce their first chango of programme. Mr. Alf. Lawton will appoar in nts negro comicalities, the Faust Brothers will peiform on the hand bolls, iând there will bo introduced, u now burlosquo skotoli,1 in addition to tho chief. , dtcms which havo alieady becomo so popular. , THE REV. T \Y. DUNN'S LECTURE. This gentleman delivered another lecturo at' tho Tasmanian Hall last night on tho ''Heads of the People," giving au intoieat- ing disquisition upon various types of people, illustrated by reference to pot traits of living colobritics, and tho marked cha- racteristics possessed by thom. Without claiming for tho lecturer uny powor of demonstrating the exactness of tho sciences of physiognomy mid " phrenology, ho ' 'set forth a telling arrangement of facts which went far to prove tho possibility of the outward form mid expression bolng some index to character, and outside of, the scienco he professes he gave tho audionee 1 the benefit of nome Bound common sonso, delivered in a forcible manner. At tho con- clusion of the lecturo, whioh deserved a largor audieuco, a few subjects presented themselves for a public reading of their characters, which appeared to satisfy their curiosity, ami» amuse, tho audience. To "night Mr. Dunn will lecture on "Modes of reading character," and this will probably bo hiajast lecture in Hobart. Thoso who desire to obtain full chaits of character oan see Mr. Dunn in the forenoon and afternoon at tho Tasmanian Hall._ MASONIC.-Membors of the Tasmanian Union Lodge, No. 630, E.G., moot for despatch of business at tho Masonic Hull this evening at 7'30.; , Visiting broth ron are; invited. EQUITABLE BUILDING SOCIETY.-Wo are informed that Mossrs. t R. 'J. Rogara and Son have boen appointed agenta for tho Launceston Equitable Building Socioty in Southern Tasmania. The balance-sheet was published in our columns sonio fow weeks since, and roference to it shows the society, in question to be iu a most flourishing con- dition, and offering liberal terms which com- paro most fav ourubly with thoso of similar institutions in this colony, , ' TYPHOID FEVER.-Dr. Bingham Crowther ist announced to deliver a lecture in tho Town Hall at 8 o'clock this ovoning, taking for his subject " Typhoid Fever : its paBt, present and future." No ehurgo will bo made for admission. A PLEASING MEMENTO.-The Telegraph states that at the annual meeting of the Launceston Bicycle Club, held on Monday evening in the class-room of the Mechanics, the wife of Mr. W. A. Macdougal, of George street; was the recipient of a very handsome present, given by the club in com- memoration, of the lady being the first in Tas- mania to attempt a journey of any length on a tricycle. Mr. and Mrs. Macdougal rode to Hobart from Launceston on a tandem tricycle in December last, the time for the distance being very creditable. The trophy consists of a very handsome breakfast toast rack and cruet combined, a suitable inscrip- tion to mark the event being attached. Mr. Macdougal received the present on behalf of his wife, and thanked the club for their generosity and thoughtfulness. ¡THE CIRCASSIAN YOUTH.-It will bo seen from our business columns that thoCiroassian Youth, with the most novel head of hair in the world, and Genoral Mito, tho smallest man in the world, jaie' still, entertaining patrons inLivcrpool-stiect, next Plowman's. FRANKLIN.-A correspondent writcB : " Nothing vory stirring has occurred here lately to disturb tho even tenor of the ways of tho peacoful inhabitants, unlosa tho pros- pect of a break tip in the drought that has been experienced all over tho colony may bo excoptcd. On Monday somo very slight symptoms of rain were apparent, but Tues- day experienced a shower or two that made many sanguine enough to indulge in tho hopo that Jupiter Pluvius meant business at last. The temperatura was sufficiently cold to make the fncsido the placo most to bo do sired, but beyond'tlio premonitions spoken ¿f tho thirsty land is still waitiug for the 'gracioiiB rain.' An incident occurred on Monday to a boating party of two which carno perilously oloso to terminating in a very serious manner, A lady and gentleman on a visit to tho Franklin, conceived the idea of ,' having a good time of it ' on the water, and having socurcd a trim littlo wherry, made for Egg Island Canal, und negotiated that safely. Getting bolder, tho opposite shoro was made for, and this (to thom) ultima thule being satisfactorily ox plored, a return homo by the southorn end of Egg Island was valiantly attempted ; but the mud flats woro not reckoned upon, and a night on the deep-no, the shallows ,seemed moat imminent. With indomitable 'pluck and plenty of vory laborious pulling, this shade of William Beach ut last suc- ceeded in reaching deeper water, and even- tually traversed tho whole of the distauco back to the point of staiting in the moming. But just as tho occupants wore about stop- ping on to tlie jetty, tho boat capsi/od, and both wore precipitated into the wotor, which was about 5it. deep at the time. The gen- tleman had sufficient picsmco of iniuu to strike out swimming at once, and tho lady getting into tho boat again, both were Funded without ahything moro serious rosult-1 ing than could bo expectod from an invol- untary bath." ' THE FIRE AT SANDHID'GE-ROAD.' - Re 'terring to the fire which occnried on Sunday evening last at Mr. James Moore's timber mills and yard, South Melbourne; the Argun says the estimated loss is £30,000, and the fire was one of the largost whioh has over taken place in Melbourne. A fow months ago Mr. Moore had the misfortune to have his timber yard and mills, which wore then also situated on the Sandudgo road a short distunco from the sito of tho piesent one, entirely destroyod by fire. He then built tho mills which wcro burnt lust night. "They covered'an area! of about an' acre and a half, and were almost entirely constructed of corrugated iron,' tho i walls both at tho front mid back, as well as at the aides, together with tho roof, being made of that matoriul. Tho office, whioh was situated," at the north-east corner > of tho structure, was built of brick. , Tho building was isolated from the others in the \ ioinity, being siirioundcd at the front and Bides by wide streets, and at tho back is a right-ofiWay about 20ft. wide, which señálales tho milla from the timber yard and stables at tho rear. It was a com paiatively high building, having Un ce floors, and overlooked' all thoso in tho neighbour- hood. Tho mills wore full of costly machinery of the lateBt and moat improved type, ano, they weic generally acknowledged !o,bo among the most completo of their kind n"Australia.' As can well be imagined, such a largo building required a good deal of light, and Its walls were freely pierced with windows, while largo doors opened out on all sides on the ground floor, to admit of a freo passage to the heavy beams of timbor'which had daily to pnsB in und out' of tbo mills. Special precautions had been taken in the erection of the mills to guard against another fire occurring. Tho engine was completely enclosed by brick walls, and water mains were laid on to each floor, to which canvas hose and jets similar to those used by firemen were attached. There weio also fire*buckots filled with water scattucd all over the promises, and stringent orders were issued prohibiting persons from Bmoking on the mills. Thoro were over 200 men employed at the mills, und all of them stopped work on Saturday at 1 p.m., and left the building with the exception of somo half dozen hands, who stayed behind to clean up the place and remove the BhaUngs from J the different floors out Into the yard. They finished that work at about 5 o'clock, and left the milk in the custody of a watchman. Attention was first called to the fire by the continuous barking of a dog in tho yard, and it waa seen that the outbreak had ocourrod in one of tho carpenter's shops on the second or top floor of the building. The caretaker of the mill was apprised, and ho and the man who gavo the alarm did all they could to extinguish the flames, which had not then assumedlarge proportions, but a southerly breeze fanned the fire furiously, and the men were driven back by the suffocating smoke and heat, and though the city firo engiues wcro speedily on the scene and at work, all efforts to save the building wcro powerless. Tho alarm was given at 8 o clock, and so rapid was the conflagration that hy 10 o'clock it had nearly ceased. Mr. Moora estimates his IOBS roughly at £30 000. Tho millB woro insured for about £6,000, and the following insurances wore in force upon the building, plant, and stoolt :-Now Zealand Insu i unco Co , £500 ; Scottish Union, £500; Accident Indemnity, £500 ; City of Loudou, ,£500 ; United Australian, £500 ; Austialian Meicantile Union, £250; Pheonix, £500; Nor»ich Union, £500; Colonial Mutual, £500; Standard, £250; National, £500; , National (Now Zealand), £250; Glu-gow and London, £500, The origin of the fire is unknown, but it is generally believed to hayobcen caused by someone smoking on the premises. ' ' MU Tua TRAMO DKATII ON TUB MM.BOURNB STAOK.-The yl>(/»,i gives tho following par- ticulars of the shockiiig incidont occurring at tho Princess Theatre, Melbourne, on Saturday night last immediately following tho conclusion of the first pin foi manco of Faull by Messrs. Williamson, Gurner, and Musgrovo's Opoi a Company.^ Tho character of Mcphistophclcs was assumed by Mr". Fred, Bakoi, better known by his stago uamo of Fulcrioi, and the strain of re hcarsals which ho had gouo through, in_addi tion to his usual wölk, iorTivo wooka,TTddcil to the excitement inseparable from n first rendering of BO heavy ft part, had thooffect,. of accolet atlug his death from heart "dts-f oaao. Ho has boen for "ycoia a sufForor from this affliction, but his condition in no way precluded him from following his avocation, nor hud it given any causo for anxiety on the part of his friends. Indeed,' on (Saturday, night, notwithstanding tho arduous study through which ho had gone, he ' entered upon the performance in 'ap- parently his usual state of health. , There was a very largo house, and fmuii was glvon with unexpected success, and Mr, Foderici shared with his fellow artists the applause of the audience The vory last solo of tho opera, aecoiding to the version now being given, is sung by Mephistophelcs, and Mr. Fcdcrici was seon to brace hinisolf up to deliver it with becoming effectiveness. Thon, as is well known, Mephistophulus and Faust de- scend to lower regions by meins of a trap upon which they stand, Mi. Leumano, wlio played the part of Faust, was not a ware, while descending, that his companion was unwoll ; but vory iuddenly, whilst tho, trap was in motion, Mr. Fcdeiici fell, and) draw Mr. Leumanc' with him. - The dis- tança they foil r was not moro than 2ft. or 3ft., and Mr. 'Leumano was'ublo to rise to his foot unaided, Mr. Fcdcrici, how- ever, was scon to ' bo in distress, and was at once carried to the gi cenroom.' He was tho'n unconscious, if not dead. Dr. ' Will- mott, his medical adviser, waB hastily sum- moned, and declared, after an attempt to rostoro animation, that life' was extinct. When Mi. Foderici was waiting picpared to go on in tho last set Mr. George Musgrove1 asked lum if ho had his keys, meaning those whicli ho used in the gaol scene, which he was about to outer, mid tupping his side, he said in his usual cheerful manner, " YOB, I have them." Mr. Musgrove stood at tho side for a while watching tho progress of tho opera, and it soon became apparent to him that Mr. Foderici was ailing, and labouring hard with the one object of gottingthrough his part. Having drawn Mr. Loumano on to the tiap, the two gradually disappeared, but just us their shoulders wcro on a lovol with tho stage, Mr. Fedo ci was socn to put' out his hands und clutch tho boards. From the stage, howovor, nothing moro was noticed. Tho trap was of the stylo kuown as the Corsicun trap, BIUCC it was first used in the ghost scene of tho Co)akaii"tiiolhtr«, and it has au obliqua movumont downwards. Tho fall is vory slow and eveu, in order to mako it appeal that tho figure.sinks straight into' tho stage. Tho standing room on the, trart was about 12in. by 30ln., mid Mr. | Fcdbrici stood, whilst Mr. Leumano kiiclt beside him. Aa they disappeaied, a red limelight wus thrown on thom from above* Mr. Leumano, who sustained tho part of Faust, says that Mr. Foderici was in his usual good spirits during tho earlier part of tho opera, and had appeared to bo well pleased with the result of his dibits up to tho termination of the fourth act., ,When I tho finale had been sung, and Mr. Foderici had uttered tho last words ''It might be," tho trap descended, and a hidden choir sang a celestial chorus during the apotheosis of Marguerite. Mr. Loumanctwas kneeling, and Mr. Fcdorici hold him by the shoulder. The first move of tho trap caused Mr. Foderici to away sideways on to Mr. Lou-; man's, and then, as he adapted the motion, of I his body to that of the trap, tho slight pressura on Mr, Louinane's shoulder ceased. Almost impelceptibly Mr. Federloi relaxed his grasp of Mr. Leumano und fell for- ward, and Mr. Leumane believes that by tho oscillation of the! board caused by Mr. Fuderici's movement, ho also lost his balance, j and both fell together to the floor. The cellar was in darkness for stage effect, but lights were soon bl ought to the scene. The deccasod was a nativo of England and 38 years of agc, Be leavoB a widow, who Is also of the company, and playa under the name of Mrs. L, Monmouth, and two children. Since his arrival in tho colonies Mr. Fedorici has been under engagement to Messrs. Williamson, Garnor, and Mus- grove, and has portrayod the, following ohnractors : - Florión, in Prince«* Ida ; Harry Sherwood and Squire Bantam, in Dorothy, tho title rá/e in The MiUulo; tne Piiato King, in the Phate« of''Penzance ; Dick Deadcyo, In li.M.S. Pinafore; the Marquis de Pontvort, in Krniinie ; Colonel Calvorly, in Patience ; Strephon, in Iolanthe ; und Mephistoplieles.' A HEROINE'S FUNERAL.-Ori^Vcdncsday, ¡25th January last, tho romains of tho late Mrs.' Fox, the wifo of a quartermaster in the 2nd Connaught Rangers, stationed in Cam- bridge Barraoks, Portsmouth, wcro interred with full inilitary.honourB in the' cemetery at Southsca. The deceased was dangoiously wounded on December 20, 1830, whon the headquarters and two companies of the Con- naught Rangers wero attacked'and cut to piucos by tho Boers on tho lino of march near, Brunkcr's Spruit, Transvaal, Mrs. Fox aftorwardsl remained for about'four mouths a prisoner of war In the Boor camp. She was found on the battle- ground despcratoly wounded. She gave up all thought of self, and from tho very eailiest momont that 'she could move about 'dibVevery thing in her power to nlloviato tho sufferings of her 'wounded fellow prisoners,' both by her cxamplo'of "cheerful1 resignation and fortitude under circumstances of excep- tional hardship, and by her assiduous atten- tions as a nurse. For these services Mrs. Fox was decöratod hy Her Majesty with the Royal Red Cross, conferí ed upon her by the Queen's command " for tho special devotion und consistency which you have displayed ¡u your nursing duties witli Her Majesty's troops." It was considered that this was a, case in which military lionouta should bo' accorded at the funeral, and on application being made to Genera! Sir Geo. Willis,' commanding the Southern District, he at once acquiesced. ' As no precedent couM be found for granting permission, the Fiold-Murshal Cominanding-in-Chicf was ícferred to, and the following telegram' was leceived :-" His Royal Highness np piovea of military funeral, including firing over grave, aa an exceptional case, owing to Mis.lox'sBpeoIal good services on the field." Tho funeral 'cortege', wltieh''left Cambiidgo Brriacks Bhoftly1 before 2 o'olock, waa accompanied by two military banda and the officers and men of elie Connaught' Rangers ' Tho coffin, which was co\oreel hy' wreaths, Wtts"plieed ?ori'Vgiin oarfiàgëP and "was borne to the grave by, the non-commissioned officers- and staff sergeants who were wounded at the samo battle us the deceased, and wero subsequently- nursed by hoi. At the conclusion of tho funeral service, which was,of a most solemn and, iinpressivo cha- racter, throo'volleys woro discharged over tho gravo by a fii ing.party.. i MRS, GORDON BAILLIE*-It is not, Bays tho Argus, always safe to tike iicw- coiuors at their word, and un tí r tho promised libel action against the Scotsman is hoard, the good and gUBhing people 'who trusted Mrs. Gordon Baillie may feel doubtful regarding their judgment, if notof the instincts of thoir heart- , DE course, there are many excellent folks who havobcen charged with inability to pay thoir grocers and milkmen, but as a rule It is not desirable to placo thom In the forefront of society as tho heroes And heroines of charity. Moro than once here there have been instances of warm welcomes extended to people who would have been received with lesa empressement had their antecedents been iuquired.into. The expe- rience of Mr. Nupkins, who entertained the adventurer Jingle unawares undoi tho guise of Captain Fitz- Marshall, has not been un- known to clubs and coteries In Australia. The statement of the Scotsman that Mrs. Gordon Baillie ia the " daughter of a laun- dress" is not so very shocking in itself Madame Angot|was also the "daughter o' her mother-but it is a more Berious matter if, as the Scotsman. says, the pecca- dilloes of the- lady, whoever her ancestors may be, have led her to undergoing a sen- tence of nine months' imprisonment. That our éx-visitor was gifted with a vivid imagi- nation we have had oursclvcB to point out. Since her return to England sho has in* formed the public that she has arranged to confer a benefit upon this community greater even than that which she proposed for the Hcbridlan isles. The possession of 70,000 acres of land, the breaking up of tho fish ring, tho money subscribed for boats and tackle, are all interesting items of news Can it bo that Mr. Dow has made a secret treaty to aliónate Wilson's Promontory to tho crofters ? Or aro that Airs. Gordon Baillie, whoso present husband seems to bo ano of 'the few who believo in her financial integrity, lins a mote than American gift of narration .' Appeals against the Glenoi chy assessment roll aro to bo heard on Thursday, March 15, at tho Council-chambers. Glenorchy. Mombors and intending mombors of tho Chalmers Literary Association aro particu- larly requested to be <|n attendance at Chalmers Hall at 8 o'clock this evening. The 8.8. Kooyna is opon for charter for the Easter holidays. L . ¡ , . ,i i U ? i ii ,, ,,{ i;i" L («?«'i^i ' ' 