A GREAT WRONG; OR, TIIE MrYSTE1Ir OF BLACK IHOLLO, ' GRA NGE. BY EMMA GARRISON JONES Auhodrof?°A Terrible Cvie,'; "A South. er ss Prines," " Riy, " TThe lar!ioing C OAPTER X.-(CONTINUEo.) ! Sir Geoffrey Trovothon," she sald, her volco cool and silvery, " if you have decoyed mehore.for the purpose of frightening me into a marriage with your son, rest assured you have had your trouble for nothing. As I told you in the beginning, I tell you now, I will not marry him. I will dii here where I stand rather than speak the words that will make me his wife. "And you, sir," she added, clenching her white hand and setting her teeth, "only let me regain my freedom, and you shall pay dearly for all this." The baronet laughed softly. "ltegaln your freedom, my dear," he re. peated. " My dear Lenore, you are not at all likely to be free for some time to come unless you pay tho required price for your liberty. Listen to ome, Miss Trevethon. \Ve have no time for theatricala. The night is pessing away, and we must get out of this old ghost-trap and be on our road to Paris beforo the lday dawns. So listen to reason now, liken sensibleo girl. As I told you be fore, it Is not likely that that I shall relin quish the hopes of a life time, and see my son cut off from his rightful inheritance, all be. cause of an idle whim on your part. You are Richmond's wife as it is. You were married to him, at your father's wish, in your childhood, and you are commalnd.d by your father's nlast will to hold that marriage Bn. cred," She laughed in hirs very face, in superb and 'carless scorn, "I repudiate that silly ceremony of my youth," she exclaimed ; " and you will find it a little dificult to force rle to submit to your wishes." The baronet's smiling face had changed in a fearful manner. It was livid with stIup pressed passion, and his eyesglared like those ,f a wild beast. 'VWe'll see I" he answered, in a low, threatonlng voice. S' 'l'h clergyman there, nird the woman who is to act os witness, are ,oth mine, sworln to ley service. You marry uy son and to- morrow's lawnl will see you on, your way to Ioullle, and to-morrow's papers vill announce tihe lliauce." " But if I refuse, as I do, Sir IGeoffrey, lhat then ?" Interruptled her fearless voice. " What then 1 Listen, 3iss Trevethon, ilad you slhnll hear. If you refuse, thle Celc. nomy will proceed all the Same' ml hlue wit. :es..I will sin thie certtileate. The sole difi. If.renco, Miss l'revethon, will ire I/iro: The .coman (lotilJlt is )o Id to ml y inter(est, anl she will ancompany you and Richmond lo the altar, andl afterwards will certify to your suddre death it foreign lands while you, my dear ward, will be ihcured in the black well of thItl "llaunted louse" which you were so anxious to see. Nonu t?icion will attach, added lr (Geoffrey,with ono of his dir. bollcal sneers, to the advout lit a few months of Richmond Trevethon without his young wife in whose right lhe heirs the vast estates of the TrevetheonH." 1enore's courage waned, andl her cheeks grow pale, despite all her natural fortitude ris she realisedl the liCelish cnning of those in whose handr, Iby her rash journey,aho hald placed herself. Shio glanced towards her guardlan, Sir Geoffrey's face wore an aspect of lambent scorn and triumph combined t sihe turned towards Olotlhle, s on womar in in deadly peril will to another : the poor woman atood shaking in every Imb, her hands clasped in agony, her bloodless face Iblnuched in hier ultter despair I and then Ienore's eyes lighted upon thle ,uldo clergyman who stood line a mIrockinllg orlrlllemn, book inl hlanll. i Now, mlly lCidarl'" IIIIHntlOied the bharOllet with an aunusedl elll ile, " dIon't yiou Hsee what the result of rcy 'Iltlrigiue' i to be ?" " As your are al obstinate, your ldeniol will be reported from Romee, ad all that I have sclhonoed for will come to pass. As for you I Ihp, )in I we slhaIl see." lie soeized her iy tie arm,, and draw or dragged hr across the rluoom. 'rThe, liftig the thick, block anrrs that draped the wall, hoe ran lin halndl Ilng lieu surface of thle oaken polanuollietg, eRnl, t I there was a sieharp olik, and a door slid aslowly ashle, as if hy mangle, Ievenling a iln!ec void, which looked like tle oletralee to it regilon of ihlltllepatrible darkLRess. Lonorodrn w blnck with it Stifed cry, hall alffocated by the rfoul alr that elinre rusihIg cc A llr ly sort el Iplace, lly' cdeanr," pro. eeledl HStr hloifreey, crs Iho reepleieol dthe laelll, ands you cehave not sell tic e wolt oIf it, It Is an ohl dungeol'n i, which tiel hlorder chitef used to bury their criminals when tihey woru doomedllll it denth hiy nallrnVlti Tlh l'hlerre nr deal IIrea's lghotsis, ultd othler Ieelhsotelnoe things down there, Mlts T'rovotholu I Huch a place would not suit a dainty lady like you, who has been used to salin-hung boudoirs, as, my dear 1" The revoltmng nicturo he had drawn made Lenore shudder. " While my son and his supposed bride," he continued, " will be on their bridal tour, you, my dear, will be there, where tile dead men's bones moulde r, dying a living deatht." rihe girl's lips quivered pItinfully, and a deadly faintness crept over her, but lier glorious eyes still Ilashed indignantly. In the face of the merciless guardian who held her life in his hands, in tile face of his son, watching her with evil exultation, in the face of this horrible death Ihe had threatened, site did not quall. "1 say nothing, only what I have already said, Sir Geoffrey," was her quiet answer. Tihe baronet chuckled incredulously. "A life Io luxury enid pleasvre, as my son's wife, is certainly i preferable to being bllriedl alive, my dear, and you are too sensible a girl to waste anl instant in deciding between the two. Colme. tno, take Itichmond's arm, and let the timatri to proceed. Once hii wife, of course, you give your word to keep silent touching to.night's adventures, and not another thing is required of you. If you and your briiegroom do not happen to find your. selves very much in love alter marriage, you will not be forced to bill and coo. You may set up separate establishments if you like, follow your own wills, and please yourselves as you fancy your fortune will warrant it." Onee more the waiting bridegroom ad. Site turned upon him with haughty indig. nation, 'tf I had ever dreamed of obeying my poor father's will, if I had ever thought of becom ing your wife, do you think I would do so not. 1" she cried. "I now know you both as you are, fll' ter and son, a pair of tmur. derers I I say again, as I said before, there i'somrue mistake. You are not of tite Trevethon race.". iSir Geoffrey, gnashing his teeth in his anger, drew a dagger from his breast, and fllshed it before her eyes. " Silenceo I" he thundered, "or I'll drive it hiltldeepl Into your heart." Site eluaded his grasp and darted across the rdom, tore aside the tattered curtain, and shivered the glass in the window with a single blow of ter dainty landl. ." Mutrder Imurder I" site cried, her voice ringing likea silvecz trumpet above the clamor of the storm. Tihe baronet and his son both burst into mocking laughter. " You may about yourself hoarse," said her guardian, " but no one will hear you, Do not forget, Miss Trevcthon, that you are in tile IIaunted Manor I" Tihe girl shuddered from head to foot, but she put her face to the broken pane and cried out again " Murder I Murder I" Sir Geoffrey strode across the room and clutched ther arm. "Come, we have Iad enough of this," he said, his face working with anger, his cruel fingers impressing themselves upon her arm, "Lenore Trevethon, for tile last time I ask you, will you tmarry my son 2" ':" I will not," was Iher unhesitating answer, 