THE EVENING SITTING. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDHESS. The Rev T E. OWENS MELL delivered his address as follows:- Brethren,- I occupy this position tonight, be cause through the departure from this colony of the chair man-elect, the Rev. S. Bryant, late of Point Piper-road Church, Woollahra, in consequence of ill-health, it de volved upon the committee of tho union to elect a successor to Dr Jefferis. The unanimity and cordiality with which the committee asked me to accept the chairmanship of the union under the unusual circumstances of this election, overcame mv reluctance to enter upon this high and honour able office I do sincerely trust the committee's action has your approval, and I venture to hope you will vouchsafe me your kindly sympathy and much-needed forbearance while I strive to the best of mv ability to serve our fellow ship of churches in this, to me, strange capacity. It is due, however, to myself and you to say that the late period of the denominational year at which my election took place, and the many and varied duties of my present charge, have necessitated an address from the chair somewhat different in topic and structure to what I should like to have spoken had the circumstances been more favourable to the preparation of an official deliverance. In looking round upon this assem bly we see not some faces upon which last year we gazed. J. F. Cullen is making his first personal acquaintance with the people and places of Great Britain and the continent of Europe, E Fox Thomas has gone to England to continue the service of Christ and men begun by him in New South Wales, S. Bryant, in the enjoyment of much-needed rest, is seeking near Melbourne a fresh supply of physical force for the future doing of his much-loved work. On these faces we mav hope to look again in tho flesh George Rutherford. Francis Giles, Arthur Jackson and James Thompson having served their generation by the will of God, have fallen on sleep. Having passed out of the strife and turmoil of this strangely mixed world, they rest from their labours and their works follow them. We welcome as valuable additions to our somewhat thinned ranks, Dr Roseby and Mr Beckenham. Then, last as sembly gave cordial greeting to two honoured brethren whose praise is in all the Churches, who came to us as visitors from the sister churches of Great Britain - Dr. Dale, politician, theologian, preacher, and Christian minister, and Albert Spicer, scion of a noble, though uncoronated house. Right glad wore we to see, and hear them. The echo of their voices still lingers with us - the helpful influence upon us of their personality and speech has not yet passed away. Once more it is our joy to have with us visitors from England - gentlemen who, having fulfilled the -duties of their delegation to the Victorian Jubilee Conference, have come to Now South Wales to see how we do. Dr. Hannay and Mr. Lee - we greet you in the name of the Lord. May your coming bring us blessing and you joy in the Holy Ghost. Having attended the recent Jubilee Conference at Melbourne, and listened to the help, ful and able address ot Dr Bevan, together with the papers by Mr. Currie, Dr. Hannay, and Dr. Jefferis, it will be necessary for me to sav that the paragraphs which imme diately follow were written long before I went to fulfil the duties of my representation at that Conference THE EIGHTY-EIGHTS In addressing you tonight, seeing that I am, by your suffrages, chairman for the year beginning in October, 1888, I am reminded of the coinedence that the year '88 in each of the three preceding centuries has been fraught with deepest interest to the Empire to which we belong. Is it not historically true that in 1588 Philip of Spain banded together the chivalry and prowess of his dominions, and sought by gigantic preparation and mighty effort to humble England in the bitterness of defeat, and, by force, bring her back again to the fold of Rome? Did not the " Invin cible Armada" proudly enter the English Channel in the hope of accomplishing this design. But, man proposes ,God disposes. The comparatively small English fleet, gallantly and bravely handled by Howard, Drake, and Seymour, worried the "Armada" north of the Foreland, when sweeping wind and raging wave came to their aid, and drove the would-be conquerors north of Scotland, until disastrous wreck on the coast of Ireland completed the crushing de feat of the "Invincible Armada." Thus England, her liberty, and her Protestant faith wore most graciously pre served. Sings Emily H. Hickey in the Leisure Hour for July, 1888: "O God of Freedom we bless Thee, for Thou did'st make us free; O God of battles, Thou gav*st our hands the victory! O God of might, we kneel at Thy feet, and, kneeling, say, 'J'o Thee be the glory and praise, Non nobis Domine." Recollecting the oneness of the English people in its effort to roll back the forces of the proud and confident in- vader in 1588, we, tbe sons and daughters of gallant sires, in contemplating any possible danger from like cause which in the nearer or remoter future may threaten the people of fair Australia, say again with E.H. Hickey: - " Lord Christ, if the hour of need come ever, as then, to her And tumult be all around of tempest and fear and stir, We seek no better boon than hearts to beat and glow Like the hearts of Englishmen three hundred years ago." We pass on a hundred years, arriving in the flow of time and the course of history at the year 1688. The birth of a son to the second queen of despotic and bigotted Roman Catholic James II. of England, filled the people of that Protestant nation with dismay. Fears of an attempt at a repetition of the awful persecution of Queen Mary's reign began to prevail, lending to the putting forth of the attempt to change the succession ; and save once more the liberty, and as we think, the purer faith of England: which attempt cul minated in the virtually bloodless Revolution of 1688; in consequence of which James, having fled the kingdom, was deposed, and William III. and Mary II. reigned in his stead. A few days more, and we shall reach the bi-cen tenary of the landing of William, Prince of Orango, in Torbay, on the 5th of November, 1688. Soon after, fol lowed the Declaration of Rights, which we may well call the second Magna Charta of the British people. In due course came the fixing of the succession to the throne as Protestant; and the passing of the Toleration Act, by which liberty of conscience and freedom of worship were secured to non-conformists. This latter achievement was the thin end of the wedge inserted into the log of disabilities, under which disabilities, by reason of several then existing Acts of Parliament, all who dissented from the National Church laboured. By repeated blows, in the shape of tho repeal of obnoxious and unjust statutes by succeeding Parliaments in subsequent reigns, the wedge was driven home until in England and Scotland to-day, save for the establishment and endowment of the two national Churches, every religious disability, under which noncon formists laboured, has disappeared. The absence of Established and State-endowed Churches in these self goveruing Australasian dependencies of the British Crown, is more or less directly the outcome of the last of England's revolutions in 1688. The absolute freedom of conscience which wo enjoy, together with the civil and religious liberty which we possess, are ours under God because of the Re volution in 1688. Another century passes away, and the dawn of 1788 breaks upon the world. In imagination, we picture to ourselves the anchoring of the first Fleet in the harbour of Port Jackson, on the 26th January, 1788. Looking back at that event from the standpoint of today, we see how vastly important to the Empire was that day in 1788, when Captain Phillip unfurled the Union Jack on the then beautifully shaded shore of Sydney Cove, thus paving the way for the future colonisation of those fair lands by thousands of British subjects, and so laying the foundation of what is evidently destined to become an Anglo-Saxon Empire in the South Pacific. OUR CENTENARY YEAR. We arrive at length at 1888, our centenary year, the sands of whose glass are fast running out. Before I dwell upon a few of the more striking features of our centennial year as far as New South Wales is concerned, allow me paren thetically to call attention to some European events of of world-wide importance belonging to this year of grace 1888\. Germany, Europe, and the world have witnessed the unique spectacle of three Emperors occupying in succession one throne in one year. At 91 years of age Kaiser William 1, after a most eventful reign, first as King of Prussia only and afterwards as Emperor of United Germany, passed off this world's stage to Him by whom kings reign and princes decree justice, to bo succeeded for the space of three short months by his dying, but heroic son, Frederick the Good, England's much-loved son-in-law. As mail after mail has brought us fuller knowledge of that short but remark able reign, wo find ourselves much bettor able to realise how greatly poorer Germany, Europe, and the world be- came when, on the 15th June, that suffering life ended in the rest of death. Yet one more occupant of the one throne in one year - Kaiser William II., England's grandson. Remembering, as we must, that the recently deceased Frederick the Good was his father, and that our own Prin cess Royal is his mother, we dare hope and believe the young Emperor will, throughout his reign, prove to be a worthy son of such a parentage. To the great German people-between whom and ourselves, as to race, religion, and language, there is so much in common - we tender our Christian sympathy in those their experiences of national bereavement and sorrow. But to ourselves, as Australians, this year - the year which witnesses the closing of the first century of our history and tho opening of our second hundred years of national existence - is full of interest, Congregational Christians are, as a rule, in the best sense of the word, ardent patriots. It is fitting, there fore, that our centenary year should not pass "for ave away" without a word from this chair as to some of the more speaking events in the history of the mother colony for 1888. This centenary year, thus far, is voiceful to us. The brightness of its dawn was, to my mind, somewhat beclouded by the scarcely worthy centennial celebrations carried out under Governmental auspices. These celebrations did not by any means rise to the real grandeur - yes, rather, the true greatness of the occasion. They wero not dignified enough; indeed, they verged on the heathenish. Certainly, of the State Banquet it may be said in the words of the referenco of St. Paul to the idolatrous Israelites: " The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play." The only redeeming features of the whole programme, religiously speaking, features calculated to say to the world, " This young nation is the child of a Christian parent, and is itself really Chris- tian, though lacking a State Church," were the United Centennial Services at the Exhibition Building and the Sunday-school Demonstration. But with these Govern ment, as such, had nothing to do. Nevertholess, the hand of God is surely seen in the history of the first hundred years of the colony of New South Waies. Would it have stained us with indelible disgrace to have, in connection with the State celebrations, officially recognised this fact? Would the community have been sot by the ears and hopelessly divided into two hostile parties, had some official act and utterance declared to the world that the hand of, God is in our history? Surely no! On the other hand, such a recognition of the providence and bless ing of God would have gladdened every true soul in the land. Bearing in mind the character of the State celebra tion of our Centenary, and taking into account the many thousands of public money expended thereon, we ask anxiously, Cui bono? Nine months have passed since the days of our public national rejoicing, we are beginning to look for indications of a ripening harvest of highest gain to the people, as a most reasonable residuum from such an expensive State Centennial commemoration. But as far as my observation enables me to ascertain, this nation in in fancy does not seem, to have made a better sturt at its entrance upon its second century of its history, as a result of highest, inspiration caught at, and noblest enthusiasm born of, the governmental celebrations of January, 1888. THE CENTENNIAL PARLIAMENTARY SESSION. As Christian patriots, in thinking ot the history of the first session of the Legislative Assembly of the "mother colony during its centenary year, surely our hearts must ache with sadness and our cheeks crimson with shame. I have known New South Wales since the inauguration of responsible governmont, and, whether resident in the colony or absent from it, have ever felt the deepest interest in its welfare. I have kept myself in touch with its political history and development, and, therefore, fool at liberty to say that the first session of 1888, as far as the Assembly is concerned, scorns to me to present to the public gaze the saddest of all its records from the beginning of its history until now. Parliamentary larrikinism did surely reach its lowest level during this session of the centenary year. It is only barest truth to say that tho community generally felt devoutly thankful when, on July 24 the Governor closed, what we deeply regret to have to speak of, as the Centennial session of the Now South Wales Parliament; thus stopping, for a time at least, the flow of wearisome speech and the stream of inane talk in which for so many weeks some members of the Assembly had indulged. A sad indifference to the real business and welfare of the country seemed characteristic of the Assembly during the Centennial session; but when the Payment of Members Bill was before that House, devotion to business became, for the nonce, a feature of that session. "My brethren, these things ought not so to bo." Wo have a right to expect and to teach that the Christian element in the constituencies must remedy this state of things, fraught as it is with so much peril to the future of our country, and, while it lasts, so deep a disgrace to us all. The duty and responsibility of Christian citizenship in connection with the use of the franchise must be insisted upon by the Christian teacher; and he acted upon by the Christian elector. The House of Assembly must bo purged of any members who show them selves utterly unfit to represent efficiently any but them selves. Such men must DO relegated to the obscurity from which they ought never to have been allowed to emerge. The Christian preacher must help the electors to realise that they make the Assembly ; and urge them so to constitute it in the future as to render impossible a repeti tion of the sad and shameful proceedings of the centennial session. To those of us who sustain the office of the Christian ministry may be properly given here the advice of Paul to Titus: " These things speak and exhort and reprove with all authority. Let no man despise them. Put them in mind to be in subjection to rulers, to authorities, to be obedient, to be ready unto every good work, to speak evil of no man, not to bo contentions, to be gentle, showing all meekness toward all mon." SUNDAY AMUSEMENTS. Another feature characteristic of our Centenary Year has boen the increased facility afforded to the caterers for public amusement to make money on Sunday. Aquariums and theatres present to the public overy Saturday their programmes for the next day, but those amusements are not gratuitously provided by'tho genoreus and disinterested proprietors of theso places of public resort for worn and wearied uitizons us a kind of thank-offering for the success legitimately secured during tho previous six days. Oh, dear no. Those uriftngonionts aro purely a matter of busi- ness for the making of money; this, too, with what looks uko the concurrence of the Government, nnd in face of tho fact that theso things aro against the law as at present written in the Statute Book of tho colony. It may bo said such law is out of harmony with the spirit of the age. If so, repeal it; but until it is repealed tho Govornmont should bo the first to seo it obeyed, 'lliis state of things to which I have reforrod has greatly induced and facilitated the non-observance of the Lord's Day on the part of the people of Sydnoy and suburbs. To men trying to look out upon society and its deepest needs , throngh the eyes of Christ this is a matter for Berious con corn. Tho centenary year will bo undesirably iiiemorablo by reason of this condition of things. Archdeacon Hossey, the Bampton lecturer, on the Sunday question, Bays :-" So it (tho State) cannot mako men love Sunday, or keep it on a right principio. But it may, and it.ought to remove in- ducements to fnrgetf ulnoss of its divino character ; it may forbid actions which reduco it to a mero secular instituí ion, and aggressions upon it which tond lo ils practical aboli- tion." Tho Contemporary Jleview for June, 1888, contains an interestimr articlo from tho pon of Dr. Boyd Car- penter, tho Bishop of Ripon, on the Sunday ques- tion. From it I present to you tho following extracts :-'. On this question, ns on many others, the extremists have dono harm. One section of writers, pro- fessing to honour God, huvo not fulfilled tho law ot Christ. Probably thoy never understood it. Tho opposing ex- tremists havo not unfrequcntly exhibited an unostentatious readinoss to insult the opinions, und what is moro danger- ous, tho sentiments of tho pooplo profoundly attached to ancient usago. The old and illogical arguments have been dressed up and used romorsolcssly. ' It is ancient, and therefore vonerablo,' has boen answered by the plea, ' Ancient usago is only a phrase for unreasoning prejudice.' The law of Moses has been cited as though a Prophot greater than Moses had never spokon. Tho argument lrom sacred considérations has boon ignored, as though the great legislator of Israel has been an insignificant person- age, and as though Christ's words, that tho Sabbath was made for man, had no more than a negative meaning. Tho extremists ruin causes everywhere because they alienate the central portion of society. Tho issue is fought out between extremes. The disgust felt by reflecting men is counted selfish indifference by tho fanatic and tho parti- san. Wisdom is obliged to cry in tho street, because she is expelled from the houses of the Pharisee and Sadducee." Again-" Sunday is a day which brings the opportunity of mental and moral elevation. . . .~ . This is itself a dofonco against-that desecration of character which is in- evitable when gain or enjoyment are made the ends of lite. Tho existence of tho Sunday is a witness that a mau has after all something olso to think of and strive for than tho getting of- money.It is, I suppose, quito certain that tho perpetual concentration of thought on one topic disturbs tho balance of tho mind. The gold passion has ended in idiotcy and suicido. To deliver men for 24 hours from its bondage, or, if not to deliver, to give them at least tho opportunity of such a deliverance, is surely an advantage to the mental health of a great people. It is an enormous gain to have a day which gives tho money making man the opportunity of getting rid of tho thoughts of money, and of having set before him tho higher aims and purposes of existence. This, to him, is a gateway of escape from some of the vulgarising influences which sur- round him. It is a gateway of escape also from some of the vulgarising influences of tho pursuit of pleasure. It is an enormous gain to have a day which gives an opportunity to tho idle butterfly of society to remember that God made men and women, not to be butterflies, but by love to serve one another. There is enough, frivolity in tho world, and nothing so destroys kindly feelings, generous impulses, the capacity for self-denial, as tho life of incessant, frivolous pleasure. All that aspires within ns dies out under tho influence of a life devoted to pleasure. The Apostle said truly, "She that liveth in pleasure is dead, while she liveth." Once more : " But if tho day of oppor- tunity for this higher self-education is turned into n day of demoralising frivolity, a day of amusement and pleasure .... a day in which principle is undermined, sturdy self-conquest rendered less possible, and self-sacrifico for the sake of others unfashionable- then, little as I sympa- thise with rigid Sabbatarianism, 1 would prefer to become a grim Puritan rather than aid in any movement which wcakenod tho moral fibre or rendered less keen tho sense of brotherly love in tho community." In tho Encyclical lottor issued by the bishops of the Anglican Communion recently assembled in conference, at Lambeth, occurs this paragraph : " Tho due observance of Sunday as a day of rest, of wor- ship, and of religious teaching, has a direct bearing on the moral well-being of tho Christian community. We have observed of late a growing laxity which threatens to impair its sacred character. Wo strongly deprecate this tendency. We call upon tho leisurely classes not selfishly to withdraw from others the opportunities of rest and religion. We call upon master and employer jealously to guard tho privileges of the servant and the workman. In tho Lord's Day wo havo a priceless horitage. Whoever misuses it incurs a terrible responsibility." SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS. This year has witnessed also tho increased and open street salo of Sunday newspapers in tho metropolis and suburbs. Though it has been judicially decided that such salo is illegal, nevertheless, without let or hindranco, tho newspaper vendor orios his paper in our streots every Lord's Day. If wo aro to havo Sunday newspapers, let thoso who own and publish thom make thom high tone in utterance and powerful for good in the influence thoy shall exert-in short, real educators of the peoplo. But the question may well bo asked, do wo need these Sunday newspapers ? It surely cannot bo said that us a community wo fail to allow ourselves time and opportunity for rest, recreation, andself improvement. Save in tho case of those retail shopkeopors who by reason of the unseasonable times at which so many citizens, in the somewhat sollisli uso of their freedom, elect to do thoir shopping, are coinpollod to keep open lato evory night of tho business week, together with thoso young men in many mercantile establishments who havo to return to work three and four evenings a week, our toilers with head and hand have sufficient timo during the six days for such reading as tho present Sydney Sunday newspaper supplios. The oight hours men certainly cannot say that Sunday is the only day of the seven which allows thom a few hours for tho perusal of tho nowspapers. To my mind tho Sun- day newspaper is not needed in our community. Other features havo characterised our centonary year, and several important events have happenod tous during its progress, but time will not allow of fuller reference to thom from this chair. A QltBAT NATIONAL NECESSITY. To tho careful observer of the life and thought of tho community in which wo dwell, it appears that tho pooplo of Australasia ate not sufficiently seized of the fact that, indi- vidually and collectively, thoy aro busily engaged in the building up of a nation", and, therefore, with tho making of history. Consequently, but small senso of responsibility in regard to the future of those fair lands is found influencing tho life and conduct of tho community to-day. If it bo truo that tho present generation is tho heir of all pnst ages and it is truo, tor to such u magnificent inheritance havo we succeeded-it is also truo that it is required of us te so add to what wo havo received as to be ablo to hand it down to thoso who como after us, not morely, unimpaired, but also enriched with all possible potentialities for good. Is ' it likely that wo Australasians shall do this if the fact that wo, tho goneration of the centennial year, aro engaged in tho important work of building up a nation, is loft out of our calculations '< That which will most truly enrich, with all possiblo potentialities for pre- sent and futuro good, tho inheritance of the people of Now South Waies und hor sister Australian colonies in tho first year of their second century, ia doepor and fuller national righteousness-that righteousness which enriches as well as exalts a nation. We, as part of tho globo-oncircling British Empire, greatly rejoice in tho exalted placo occu- pied by England amongst tho nations of tho world. Wo read tío history of tho dear old land with much of vvondor and moro ot thankfulness; and, as wo road, aro onco^nnd again constrained to ask, What has most contributed to tho host and tlio worthiost found in the history of tho British pooplo ? Wo, in answering, might onumorato several causes each of which has moro or less largely helped England to a front and first placo in iniltieuco upon tho nations of tho earth. Naval and military successes might bo spokon of, with which aro linked tho namos of Drake and Probisher, Blake, Oromwoll, and Marlborough, Nelson, and Welling- ton. Then, wo might turn to the domain of philosophio rosoarch and scientific discavory, together with the history of the application of mechanics to manufactures ; and, from tho muster-roll of Britain's greater sons, wo could call tho names of Bacon, Newton, Ilorschel, Faraday, Watt, Boul- ton, Stephenson, Nasrayth, et hoc gains omm. Thoso men and theso things have, we readily allow, contributed Jarirely to England's greatness and pru-ominont influence. Dis- covery ot continents by hor intrepid naviga- tors, peopling of now countries by hor ad- venturous sons and brave , daughters, commer- cial onterprisos on tho part of hor shrewd and far seeing merchants, with many other things, havo helped hor to tho front, and given her impetus upward. But the most powerful factor in this national upbuilding has beeu, despite all its dofeots, England's Christianity; and not the least healthful and robust presentation of that Christianity has been found in the Congregational Churches of Great Britain. Wo, of Australasia, cannot afford to ignore this factor in the upbuilding of tho Empire which is ono day to dominate those sunny lands and southern sens. Mean- while, wo desiderate for tho wholo Empire, of which wo are now a part, that it shall bo great witt all the truest and best greatness of tho fatherland. In speaking of tho righteousness which most truly and poworlully makes for national exaltation and enrichment, permit md to attempt a definition of this pro-ominontly important factor in tho up- building of an Anglo-Saxon Empire south of tho Equator. It is that of a national life and character begotten of tho personal rule of Jesus Christ in tho hearts and over tho livos of the men, women, and children making up tho nation. The lovolinoss of the flower is not put upon it by tho painter's pondi; ¡tis the unfolding of that which God has first hidden in tho bulb or seed, and which is made manifest to tho human eyo as the plant grows unto perfection. So, with tho collective righteousness of tho nation, it is the outward manifestation in tho character and lives of its peoplo of thoso root principios of life and practico which God has previously hidden in tho hearts of Christ- redeemed men, womon, and children. To my mind, it is not difficult to see how such righteousness as'this tends to the commercial greatness of a people. The root principles of Christ's teaching as concerning all tho relationships which we sus- j tain, either to God or men, aro-love, truth, and upright- ness. Tho business men of a nation swayed and mastered by these principles would bo known us always truo to their i word, faithful to ovory engagement, and upright in , all thoir business transactions. Throughout the wido ¡ and widening world of commerce, tho credit of such a com- munity would over bo good ; and thus ono of tho conditions most essential to material prospority would exist. In duo tinto, other things being equal, largor, sounder, and moro successful business would be done, and righteousness such as this would surely tend to tho truo wealth and real pros- pority of the country. Is it not also truo that righteous- ness "such as this would give a healthful tone to tho inter- course of tho people of the nation one with anothor ? When I a mnn lives under tho influenco of the Christ-Spirit, and the principles of the teaching of Jesus Christ havo be como the rule of his life, he is possessed of moral worth and a true nobility; and by just so much as ho has allowed Christ to uplift and cnnoblo him docs ho contributo to the social purification and spiritual ennoblement of his fellow countrymen. Multiply indefinitely this manner of life and this typo of character, and the national lifo will becomo beautiful and pure, leight relationships will bo established as between man and man, and tbo nation will be purified and exalted socially, in snch a state of national life a man will be cstimatod according to his moral worlh and men tul and spiritual nobility, rather than on the score of a full purso and high social position. " llowc'or it be, It seems to mc, 'Tis only noble to bo good; Kind hearts arc more than coronets, i And simple faith than Norman blood." ' Beliove me, thoy aro most truly loyal to the State, and most genuinely patriotic, who are most truly Christian ; and who daily endeavour to increaso fho volutno and inten- sify the forco of their individual Christian life, so as lo contribute as far as in them lies to tho sum total of the righteousness of the nation. What persons, then, nromost necessary to tho sound up-building of the iabrio of tho nation, and to tho besf hoalthfulness of tho national life? I unhesitatingly answer: Righteous persons-strong, manly, Christian men-puio, sweet, holy women. How is this rightoousnoss to bo given to "tho nation? It cun not bo dono by legislativo enactmont. Embody, as far as possible, tho principles of an unadulterated New Testament Christianity in the enactments upon tho Statute Book, but do not imagine that a nation can bo mndo righteous by Act of Parliament. Not oven by exclusivo dopendonco upon the educational machinery in operation, in connection with tho school, tho press, and the pulpit, however Christian those shall bo, will' wo succeed in milking Christian righteousness part and parcel of tho national life and character. Most thoroughly put to tho best possiblo use these educational ngoncies-notwithstanding, moro is needed. The alluring power of beautiful Christian characterand tholoo ven- ing iufluonco ot individual Christian life in connection with each disciplo of God's Christ is the want of wants to-day. Says Newman Smyth in " Christian Facts and Forces," pago 96:-" While tho world was perishing iu its sins, Jesus took time to deepen und intensity tho personal life of His disciples before Ho sont them- finally into the world as His apostles. Renewed und inspired personalities wero to bo the Lord's means of groco to the world. The method of Christianity is personal influence. Tbo world is not to bo saved by institutionulism. Human society is to be re- deemed and glorified by the personal lives, full of liicht and warmth, which shall s tri ko through and illumine it. Divine grace is not an impersonal property, a sacramental magic, or a governmental provision-an intermediate some- thing between the seul of mun and the Spirit of God ; it is tbo lovo of God concentrated and incarnate in the Person of Jesus Christ, and from liim working through His disciples as tho living and personal power of tho new life of re- demption. More than anything else, essentially and vitally, Christianity is the personal influence of Jesus-His con- tinual personal inilucnee always coining into human lifo the Light ot the World caught and reflected by each succeed- ing generation, glowing through thousands of lives that kindlein its beams, and becoming through the multitude of thoso tbo diffused radiance of a world's civilisation. If we imagino that wo can substitute anything else for this personal influence of Jesus, we shall fail." To develop and spread such Christian righteousness throughout Australasia is tho mission of tho Churches in theso Southern lands. In an ablo paper by Profossor Fairbairn, of Mansfield Col- lege, Oxford, on "Tho Churches, and the Ideal of Religion," wo find these weighty words:-" In seoking the reasons why tho State, the civilisation, and tho socioty of England are not so Christian as thoy ought to be,* wo cannot holp asking whether blame attaches to tho Churches ? Proofs of historical continuity and catholicity aro but sad playthings for the ingenious intellect whon urged in behalt of the Churches confronted by such invincible evidoncos of failure as are the miseries, tho sins, the povorty and want, tho heathenisms and civilised savageries, of to-day. To lind the causes of this failure in the wickedness of man were to mako it stronger than the religion; to find them in tho religion wore to charge it with inherent weakness. But to scuk theso causes in the ChurchoB is to ask whether thoy have fulfilled thoir mission ? -whethor thoy have understood the mission they were to fulfil? In otbor word3, whethor thoy have been so pos- sessed with the ideal of religion as to live for it only, as to interpret it in the fittest forms and speech, and work for its realisation in.the best possiblo ways." The Churches of our own country may well ask of themselves just such ques- tions as these, for if Profossor Fairbairn has accu- rately described the state of things obtaining in Christian England, his words but too trnly picture a state of things to bo found with us here. We can scarcely fool that our Churches havo fulfilled thoir mission ; and, possibly, their failure is partly accounted for by tho fact that thoy have not accurately understood the mission thov havo to fulfil. Speaking of tho Church, Nowman Smyth says: "Solong as it is a living multiplication of the influence of Jesus through personal powers united in ouo body, it is an Apostolic Church; but let it cease to bo in any real senso a Missionary Church-a point ot application, that is to Bay, of organised personal forces to the work of the Lord-and, howover vonerablo its customs, and distinguished its past, or rich its inheritance of name, property, or tradi- tion, it would fall out of the true. Apostolic succession, and fail of tho work for which it was ordained'of God."-"Christian Facts and Forces," p. 97. There is, I fear, in all the Churches of Australasia a too general contentment with a low spiritual plane. '1 he danger of such a state has been well pointed out by the Rev. H. R. Haweis in " Pictures of Josus," pp. 194-5: "It isliko a low state of the body; it is not exactly disenso, but it is the condition favourable to all kinds of disenso. Dullness to fino fooling, religion, truth, leads to self-deception, which loads to blindness of tho worst kind.. Nothing is safe but a high ideal, and it cannot bo too high." If tlio spiritual plane of tho Churches is low and the ideal of tho Christian life inadequate, how can wo expect the whole nation to become quickly and soundly righteous ? Tho Churches, under such circumstances, are failing to present to the gaze of the careless and the godless an elevating and winning conception of tho Christian's God and tho Christian life. Hegel says, in " Philosophy of Re- ligion," vol. 1, p. 241 : " The people that has a bad notion of God has also a bad state, bad government, bad laws." Aro wo, who hore represent the Congregational Churches of New South Wales, blameless in this matter? Does not our existence as a denomination imply that, however much we may cherish the principle of independence in church govern- ment, we set even greater store upon tho spirituality of Christian fellowship, such spirituality being born of the real conversion to Christ of each member of that fellow ship ? May it not be true that, because of carelessness in the admission of persons to, our Churches, the tone of their spiritual life has been lowered ? and thus "'Tis life, whereof our nerves are scant, Oh, life, not death, for which w e pant ; i Molo life, and fuller, that we want." If, in any way, we Congregational Christians havo hud entrusted to us as a message tho alone head- ship of Christ to tho Church, that Church to be in tlio world but not of it, a pure spiritual fellow- ship of soul with soul, and all with Christ, then, lot us tako caro lest wo inadvortontly lower the ideal of tho Church or of the Christian life by inadequate preach- ing or a too easy1 method of admission into our Churohos, which, let us remember, aro not our Churches but Christ's. Only as wo aro thus loyal to Christ tho Lord and Saviour, and faithful to tho Chrisps idoal of His own Church and of His people's life,'shall wo, side by sido with other sections Of tho " Church militant hero on earth," bo able to rendor our share of help in tho building up of a righteous and exalted nation ; and tho making of a history for that nation which, in its most striking features, shall bo boautifully Christian. To that end wo pray, in prose, with the late George Dawson, of Birmingham,-"Wake tho nation up, O Lord, to know tho true greatness of people; that it is not in wealth and pomp that its grandeur lies; that not the merchandise of Tyre, tno riches of Sodom, tho might of Gomorrah, tho pomp of Romo, tho palaces of Greece, tho splendour of Assyria, could savo thom Irom going down to destruction ; that it is not tho multitude of tho people, tho greatness of thoir wealth, the extent of their dominions ; but holiness aud purity, house Ufo and church lifo, holy, divine, and pure, that can save tho life of a nation." And, in pootry, with Tennyson : " King out the feud of rich anil poor ; King In redress lo all mankind ; King out a slowly dying cause ; And anciont forms of party strife ; King in die nobler mode of Ufa, With sweeter maunorB, purer laws. Kin? out the want, the caro, the sin, U'ne faithless coldness of the times ; Hing out, ring out, my mournful rhymes, But ring the fuller minstrel in. , King out false pride in placo and blood ; Tho civic slander and the spito ; King in the lovo of truth and right : King in the common love of good. King out old shapes of foul disease ; King out tho narrowing lust of gold; King out the thousand wara of old ¡ King in the thousand j cars of peace. Rinir in tho valiant man and free, The larger heart, the kindlier hand ; King out the darkness of tho land ; King In the Christ that is to be." The sittings wore thon adjourned till this afternoon, at 3 o'clock. _^^^^ 