CARMODY V. WAPLES. The Biter Bitten. The foot-race botwoen W. E. Carmody, of Shellharbor, and W. Waples, of Fig Tree, came off on Saturday afternoon, on the Centennial Athletic ground, Garden Hill, in tho presenco of fully 500 poople. The race itself was a very hollow affair, Carmody winning with ridiculous ease. Thero was a feeling abroad before the event came off that it was not "on the square" and as it afterwards transpired, such was the understanding, to at least one of the party, but the result was altogether different to what he anticipated, as, instead of being the biter, he was himself bitten. Thoso who know anything of the men are perfectly satisfied that Waples hadn't a ghost ol a show against Carmody with 2 yards in 130, and no one knows this better than Waplos himself. After the race (if such it can be called), the truth began to leak out. Waples, maddened at being 'sold,' let the cat out of the bag. From his statements, it appeared that though the host man had won, the race was a swindle ; that it was arranged that he (Waples) should win ; and that he had letters in his possession from Carmody that such an arrangement had been entered into. It was a case of 'diamond cut diamond." In stead of the public being swindled and defrauded, one of the "knowing ones" was himself "had." So much for Waples' version. Carmody, on his part, states than it was his intention to win all long. Waples suggested a swindle to him, but as some of his friends had been good enough, to back him, he was not going to throw them over, es pecially when he had such a 'soft thing' on. Mr. W. B. Green, of the Terminus Hotel, who put up the stakes for Carmody, and who wins a large sum, explains the affair as follows Some timo ago, he agreed to back Carmody to run Waples a match of 130 yards, the latter to receive 2 yards start. A deposit was made on condition that Carmody was agreeable to run. Green wrote to Carmody, telling him of the match, and it afterwards transpired that Waples had written on the same day, pointing out how they could ' bleed Billy Green if thoy worked a proper swindle.' Carmody replied to both, promising to fall in with their views. Later on Waples and some of his friends wanted to lay £40 with Green, and this aroused the latter's suspicions that all was not right. He had an interview with Carmody, from whom he learned that he was offered £20 from Waples to lose the match. Green went £5 more, and Carmody, finding that he could get wagers at 2 to 1, took as much money as he could lift, and 'scooped the pool.' The stakes and some wagers, iu all £90, are in the hands of Mr. J. Staff, who declines to pay the money over until the dispute is settled. The matter is likely to be heard of in Court, when some dirty linen will doubtless be washed in public. 