TALE. Two Ways of Asking. MIKK Doll}'* LCHNOII III L<uve. 1 Tear*, idle tears! Niobo dissolved: My dear child, what on earth is the matter?' Time: Four of a eumraiT afternoon. Plaoe: A pretty boudoir, furnished in the fashion'of;to-day, modelled on tho fitylo of Louis 'Quinze,* with a daub of 1 Liberty ' thrown in, und modern;*aooesHoricfi, Mich n« (..eyalol flower vasod,*t?ireo-volumenovels, and photograph'fctands, juxtaposed with Queen Anno silver and kniok-nacks ancient and modern. Dramatis Persons: A graceful figuro in wliito, fluog witb'au air of deso lation on the floor beside a Rofu, her charm inir nuquo viable bc-ueath delicious little rows of golden curlp, her frame shaken by Hobi*; an older woman standing a few yards distant, dark, beautifully drcHsed, 4 good lookiuur enough foranvthinir' without being distinctly handsome, aged somowhore within tho right fide of thirty, and wearing an ex prrst-ion half companionate, half amused. There is atuspicion of raillery in* her voioo, which iajfclt and deeply resented by tho fair er.rrcr.ver. Anger in often akin to sorrow aa pity is to love, and tho voice which responds to the question when reiterated is decidedly petulant. * I wiah you would go away and leavo me alone/ * I tjlmlJ not do anything of the sort,* re turns the other. 41 am going to talk to you, and I do not {car# in the least whether yon are angry or not, although I hadmuohfrather you would tako my remarks in goou part.' * Ob,' responds the voice, still smothered in the sofa cushions,.but Jobing nothing of its resentful quality. ',1 know how clcver you are, and that you think tbat you can manago every ono's affairs a great deal hotter than themselves.' ' Sbejntcnds this to he a (nasty one,' and, as a matter of fact, it does not fall very pleasantly on. the oars of her interlooutor; but she sits down ou the sofa and replies,with good humor: ' Well, my love, I may con* fidently bay that I could mauage your affairs a great deal better than you manage them yourself, und'thatjif I were you I would have Mr. Clement Lasoollea at my feet in a very abort time/ * PurbapH you have him thorejnofc'!' pays tho pr< &trato; one, ceasing to sob and trying to an cor instead. 4 Vol), Djlly dear, to"telljyou tLo truth, I: fail i -ypsclf to recognize in that young man j tho tliann whiu't T observe he basi<for-fori some people; i tdcod, I consider him a poseur, with an exaKperatingly good opinion of him self, and, if you ask my candid opinion, I think that he would be all the better for being kic-* Dorothy flounces up in a moment. ' I will troublo you uot to inbult^roy friends/ she cries, with flaming cheeks. 1 And it is not very cany to beliove your tin eerily wbenf he was Bitting iu your pocket all last night, and you were out walking witb]him for two hours this morning.' *luauyctttc/ Mrs. Dulton coolly, 'your remarks prove that|J have had time and opportunity to formati opinion of hit) qualities. I don't denv that he is good-looking, but it is intolerable that he should be so consoious of it. I admit that he ia not without a certain umountof cleverness, and has been fairly educated*; but I violently object to his thinking himself able to Mt in judgment on people a good deal older and oleverer than himself.1 ' On you, for instance !' oriod Dolly. * No, I was not thinking of myself, though I admit the soft impeachment (the one re garding my ago, at leut); and what I dis like most of alt is his placing himself on & pedestal to be looked at and longed for by by pretty, silly little girls, who ought to know belter.* Dolly[stiffcus her back, and says, with an assumption of diguity which sits indifferently well upon her, * If you will excuse mo, 1 should prefer not dieouseing Mr. Lasoelles with you. You ore perfectly weloomo to your opinion of him, and I claim the liberty of rotuining mine.' Then, her majesty Buddcoly toppling over, fehetfays vindictively, in quite u different tone of voice, 'Perhaps you think I am such a fool that I don't fiee thro'igh your mean abube of him?' 4 That I may win and wear him myself ?' fcuggcbts Mrs. Ddlton, quite good humorodly, 'No, my dear and;acute ebild, believe me, you have not fathomed and unmasked my baseness thta.time. I know your dear and sensitive little heart is set upon this fasci nating young man. I don't think there is really any harm in him,'and I am magnani mous enough to bo ready to show you how to obtain his affections, und to make him the HUppliant instead of you.' * 6uppliunt!' cried Dolly, with fresh flames from her burning heart asoending to her oheeks. * Yes, tuppliaut. Every ono, my lovo, oan ?oo- bo most of fill-how you bang upon his gmilcfl) and despair wbon Le is indifferent or capricious.* wrath makesDolly absolutely tpeeobleas. If louks, ©{c.} Mrs. Dalton would, ete. * Don't bo a gooso, Dolly/ resumes her friend, not having suffered any visible injury | from tho lightning glancos to whiuh fcho ban j been &ubjpotcd.; 'Keep your temper and I roap tho advantages of my superior age and i experience' I 4 Keep them to yourself!' retorts Dolly, tanly. 'Thti first X must, whether or no, but the latter Khali be yours. Come, dear child, you kuow I am fond of you: believe me when 1 bay I would not have your enchanter at a gilt, and, also, that I am deeirous to see him subjugated by you. Ho shall be yours, I promise, and I will only mok* one condition/ Dully seats herself on tho sofa, and allows Kirs. Dalton to take her hand, though sho looks rather sulky. Still, sho does, poor little girl, regard Air. Clement Lasoeiits u# the first prize in tho marriage lottery, and is willing to tako upon hersolf his part of the contract; to worship htm with her body, and endow him with all her worldly goods. Fur in a small way she is an heiress, though he is nut destitute of money, and has aa ex* ccllent portion. Truth to tell, the young man is not what is called <a bid sort'; ho has good looks, good brains aud good man ner<*. when he is not eggod on to take liberties by tho silly flatteries of the other sex. I'oor Dolly lovos him madly, and hns innocently shown her pleasure in his notioe and hor Bufferings at bis neglect. Mrs. Dalton having paused to give due ifldot to her words, Dolly, after a^moment is constrained to say rather sulkily, 4 Well!1 'You must take the vow first.' 4 What TOW ¥* with latent irritation. * The vow dever to tell any human being -Mr* Lusoclies least of all-that I, or, for the matter of that,'any one, advised you how to aot toward him.' 'Ob, of course, I promise. ' Promises are like pie-crust,* replies Mrs. Dalton; then, with an air of great solemnity, she goes to a small bookoaeo at tho end of tho room, tind couies baok with a Bible. * You must Idas the book/ she Fays. 4Ob, no,* oricd dolly, frightened. For aho the knows that pho never kept n eeorot in-her life, and is terrified at being put on an oath which she may broak in spite of herself, a few hours later. * Well,' nays Mrs. Dalton, firmly, {.do you want him or do you nbt ?' * Yes,' cries Dolly, with tears in her eyes, 11 do.* 4 Then ki*K tho book.' ' But how do I kuow thoro is anything in what you arc going to toll mo P* fqvs doubt ing Dully. *lfccaut<G,l Rfiy.no. Do I not ktow the woild and men r' Dully takes tbo book, trembling. 1 What am I to >ny ?' eho falters. ' >S.iy ; ' 1 swar uot to tell Clement Lae celloH, or any other poraon, that Marian Ddlton advised ruo how to win bin affcc With a sudden despcrato gerture Dolly kisses tbr book and repeals the formula' Now, then !* who cries exoitedly. Mrs. Dalton taken up her parable. 1 CSomeut ia really f rnd of you-ho would bo exoeodingly fond of you, if you only allowed hiui.' * If t allowod him*!' Rasps Doily. 4 Yes,' repeats hei adviser. 1 By allowing him I don't mean throwing yourself at his hoad b&djehowing; him that you adore him ; but by ranking him doubt your love and hi* iwn capaoity for plcabing you. Different mon want different treatment. There is nothing ri> delightful to some; as to see and know that a woman cares, for them-it adds teu-fuld to their devotion for her; but I aui bouud to,say these men are in the minority. Most of thorn aro far moro stimulated by doubts and fears-the woman becomes more dear as shG.&eems; more distant, and, as a nile, wlien a man is litcrolly crazy about one of our sex, it is because who has worried and tormented.him and kept him on a perpetual balance between hope and fear. Now you, and othera like you, have no bung upon Clement Lascelles' looks and word*, have 60 positively shown him that he is a great being, has a lofty intellect, a rival to Apollo, that it is not ,likely he is coming off bis pedestal to worship his worshiper*. Your only chance, my dear, is to adandon your worship; to counterfeit indifference as best you may, and.to let a gradual and startling oonvictiou come over him that you were not I really in earnest, after all.' I * It is very easy to talk,' pouts Doll. 4 It is very easy to aot, too,' returns Marian, ?if you arc positively certain} thai your plan of campaign is going to be successful.' * IIow do I know that it will bs'r' * Try it for twenty-four hours, and seo how it works.' ' But I don't know what I am to do.' 4 You must be absolutely guided by me, and net act for one'momunt on your own respon fcibiUly.' 4 I daresay it will turn oat all wrong/ says Dolly, ungraciously, 4 and that I shall loso him altogether.* 'All right,' replies Mrs. Dalton, losing patience and rising from her scat. * Do as you like. Afler all, what on earth docs it matter to mo whether you are happy or miser* able P Go your own way.* Dolly springs up and. catches her by thtt arm. 'No, no, Marian, don't go; don't be angry. I will do whatever you tell me.* f Then hearken and obey. Dick Wyndham is coming to-night. You know no is rather fond of you. Talk to him, and to him only, all the evening. Do not glance in Mr. Lasoellcs' direction; I will beep my eye on him, and report to you how he takes it. If he approaches you in the ovening look bored and dibtrait, and reply to him by monsyl lables.' 11 shall never be able to do it/ groans Dolly. 4Not with suoh a big stake to win h' (a little sarcastically.) ' Ah ! you don t know what it is to love!' cries Dolly. 4 Not as you do, oertainly/ retorts Marian, with an inflection of voice of which Dolly is not acute enough to catch. Dick Wyndam arrives in time for dinner. He is rather fond of Dolly-he is exceedingly hard up, aud wants her money even more than her sweet self. He ia bright and amnsing, has a considerable fund of small talk, is devoted to aport, and has not Mr. Ziaseelles' aesthetic taste of lofty manner of showing superiority. He has a genuine contempt for a man who talks art and plays classical music, u6 Mr. Lasoelles had for one who thinks of nothing but hunting, lawn-tennis and polo, though he rid s fairly straight and is an areratffi shot himfwlf. Not a little disgusted is Lasoellos, therefore, when Dolly»whose sorrowfulness and its cause have greately soothed bis complacency for the last twenty-four hour*, seems to have eves and ear* for uo one but this h&lf-wittod; soldier at dinner. She is looking oh&iming; in a dress of a delioious apricot tint, which ho has not seen before (bo is a great connoisseur of drest*); if bo could only catch ber eye, he would beam on her one of thosoglnnoes which would have intoxicated her maiden soul. But whereas it has been his wont to meet her tender, plead* ing gUnoes every two minutes heretofore, to* nightbo might be ' Banquo'a and she one of 4 Maobeth's, tcuest*, for all ahe seems to sec him. His memory serves him up various 6ueoring and savage quotations on too theme of foment femme varie. He is so little con genial to his neighbor r.t dinner that she expresses the most unfavorable sentiments regarding him in the drawing-room later on, oausinir Dolly to halt betweon the desire to defend him hotly, and a sense of pleasure that soruo one beside herself has suffered from his coldness. Mrs. Dalton makes a pretext for calling Dolly aside. * Excellent, my love!' she cries, in high good hum tr, pressing tho girl's arm. ' He is enrsged beyond measure. He scarcely took bis eyes ofl you. Go on and prosper!' Thus stimulated, Dolly goes on, and pros pers exceedingly. When Mr. Laeoelies and Dick approaoh simultaneously eho devotes her whole attention to tho latter, and hassoaroely a word for the former, who presently retire* in tragio dudgeon, and lesns against the wall looking like * Hamlet/ Lord Byron, or any other blighted being in the sulks. Ia reality Dick id the person moat to bo pitied, although his faoo is alight with smiles and bis heart aglow with anticipations of possessing a lovely womau, and satisfying the debtor* who. metaphurioollv 6peaking, take liim by the throat, orying,1 fray me what thou owefet!' Innooeut creature that ho is, he suspeots no treachery, nor dreams that tbat milk-white bosom palpitates forth? 'infernal young prig' over tne wAy. Dolly will play billiards and lawn- teonis with him on the morrow; in the Afternoon they are to ride together, and as ho sits Mnoking, after tho ladies have retired, ho reflects on tho most op proved method of asking a certain question. Up to this moment Olemcnt Lasceliert has not Been any necessity for putting his fate to the touch, becauso he had been absolutely certain of winning; but now that for the first time ho has a rival, a rival who is progressing by leup3 and bounds in Lis lady's favor, he sees that something inu*t bo done. IIo cannot huve been befooled. She lovi-s him or -or lie, the adept at reading the sccrots nf souls, must f >r once have been deluded. Peri&h; the thought! With gloomy brow and stately step ho re tires from tho smoking-room and seeks tho solitude of his chamber, but not his couch. The dawn has long broken ere ho courts re pose. * Marian !' cries Dolly, a few hours later, bursting into her friend's room whilst that lady-no early riser at the beet of times-still nestles among her pillows, 'read this!' and sbo scats herself on the bed in a stato of great eioitenidiit, white Mrs. Dalton languidly peruses tho letter thrust iuto her hands. * 1 call it a great impertinonoe,' she remarks, returning to Dolly. 1 Impcrtinenoe! with wide-open eyes. 4 Certainly,' and Mrs, DAlton, taking it back, qnotes from it: *' Though t oannot pretend to offer you the ono great passion of a life-pad passages beyond Ihe ken of other mortals have tarni ehi d the pure luutor whloh onoe surrounded rov soul as with a halo-yet, if you will take a hesit weary with the boitowo uf tho ogee, dimmed by the darkling doubts with whioh an intim','o knowledge of humanity clouds thespiii., take me to your tender breast and let me find shelter there from life's griefs and disappointments. What recompense a heart blighted as mine has been can bestow I will Btriro to make to your angelio sympathy and goodness*' 1 Is il not beautiful h' cries Dolly, in an eosto*y. * 1 wonder what ho moans f 1 sup pose pumc horrid woman throw him over onoo Y' . I think it. is exceedingly impertinent, and I hope you will resent it.' 1 Resent it! * almost shrioks Do! ly. * Why, it is a declaration I' 'Get me my blotting-book oil' the table,' commands Mm. Dalton resolutoly. * Now,' ! bho says beginning to write, 4 *' u will answer it in thin way or I wash inj u*iiun of you, uud to-morrow he will have reduced you to abject misery Again.' Sho writes hurriedly for A fow minutes, au then, 'with heightened color," rende the draft aloud: Dear Mr. LascelleH-I bavo received jour melancholy letter, and am truly norry for all you seem to liave buffered. Bat, for my part, t look upon the world as a very pleasant place, and have made up my mind to enjoy myself as muoh as possible; ho. US I could not console you, ana you, with the ideas you express, would make mo miserable, I think rou liad muoh bettor look for gome* body whose temperament h more like your own. I suppose you mean me to uudwatand that you have been much more in love with aorao one else^than you arc with me, which, to nay the least, is nob vary flattering. No ! I must have an undivided heart, or uoue at all. Your sincere friend. D. S. Tbero is a desperate fight betweon Mrs. Ballon and Dolly before the latter can be persuaded to copy and forward wbat she considers a heartless and flippant missive. In the end[Marian triumphs. Mr. Lwoelles does not appear at) breakfast, and* Dolly, though her noul (quaked within her, laughs and talks to Dick. Liter in the morning, when tbey are play ing lawn tennis, Clement LaeoeLLes, feeling rouoh smaller tlian be bad ever done in his life, seeks counsel from Mrs. Dalton. With an angelio smile she alternately brioksfchim with daggers and makes him gulp down bowls of poison; but *htj^does him an ex* ullontturu by taking a; good deal of non s*use out of biro. Ho oonfe&B;&s; that be adore* Dolly. How, Ob bow, is be to win her P Has be the ghost of a*ohance t ilr-. DAlton, looking j*olemn,'declares her ioubility to reply to this. She hints at Dolly's youth and love of amusement. Sbo hint*, too, at Dick's unflagging good spirits and temper. And ti»o unsbot of it is that when Dick returns orestfallen, frotn'his afternoon : ride with Dolly, having spoken and received ' bin answer, Clement Lisoelles carries off the i young lady to her boudoir on prctenoe of wanting to be shown something, and, rcplao* ing the melancholy of * Hamlet' by the con quering airs of young * Lovelaoe,' takes her in bis arms, awcarj he has boon a fool, and has nover really loved any one but her sweet sell, and that if she accepts him her Bhali be one round of pleasure. Twenty minutes later, DoUy has passed on all bis embraces and more to Marian. 'Hoat clever you are,^darting*f aiicsays admiringly. To which Mrs. DAlton replies, ' Now you know bow to manage bim make good use of your knowledge.'-London IForld. 