Tbe Maverick Mystery. [By Julian Hawihouse,] I. It waB tbe 21th of December, 8 o'clock in the evening. Mr. and Mrs. Maverick were in the sitting room of their home in Detroit. Mr. Maverick was reading ; or, rather, he affected to do eo, in order to express his dissatisfaction with tbe harangue which hiB wife bad been engaged in delivering. Mrs. Maverick was an admirable woman, but she had a gentle persis tency which, at times, seemed monotonous to the subjects of it — among which BubjectB her husband was naturally the moBt frequent. This couple lived in an ancient house on the outskirts of a venerable town in one of our oldest states. They got the house cheap, be cause it bore a bad name ; that is, a former owner had hanged himself, under circum stancea of peculiar horror, to the hook intended for the gaB fixture in the ceiling of the front bedroom. The legend asserted that his spirit etill pervaded the premises. Up to the present time, however, nothing wholly inexplicable had occurred. Strange Bounds had been heard; bnt such as rats, loose blinds, warped doors, and moaning draughts might have sufficed to account for. Mrs. Maverick had been less im pressed by these phenomena than her husband who was of a nervous and excitable organisa tion, with a powerful imagination. He had latterly lapsed into a somewhat abnormal . Btate, giving rise to anxiety in the breast of his epoase; and she was constantly urging upon him the expediency of taking medical advice. But Mr. Maverick, unfortunately, had conceived a mortal antipathy against any thing in the shape of doctor — an antipathy which may have had its source in the fact that his wife's uncle was a member of that ' profession, and had, many years before, administered an emetic to -ftlr. Mave rick by mistake for a sleeping-potion. From that time, at any rate, Mr. Maverick had de clared bloody vengeance against whatsover re presentative of the faculty should darken hiB doors. It will readily be conceived therefore that Mrs, Maverick, who was really concerned about his condition, was at her wife end how to proceed. II. Mr, Maverick, in a fit of nervous exaspera tion, Blammed the book he had not been read ing down on the table. ' Maria, let as have so more of this !' he exclaimed. ' Once for all, I wi31 not see a physician, and if you bring one into the house I'll murder him !' These fearful words had hardly left his mouth wheu there was a sonnd as of a heavy fall in the room overhead. The globes of the chandelier jingled and the window panes rattled. Mr. Maverick sprang to his feet. 'Great heavens! what was that?' he cried oat. Mrs. Maverick had not moved from her chair ; bat she looked np at him in a distressed way. 'Oh, my poor dear,' she murmured, 'what is the matter?' 'That noiee ! Upstairs ! Like a heavy body hurled to the floor ! and there's no one in the house bat ourselves and the cook — and she s down in the village. ??Anoise,myjdear?' faltered Mrs. Maverick. ' Was there a noise ? Where ? Where ?' Her husband slowly turned, and stared at her. The startled expression in his widely opened eyes deepened into amazement, and finally darkened into something like terror. 'Yon didn't hear it, Maria?' be said, below his breath. Are you mad, or am I? Why, the whole house trembled 1' ' Axe you sure yon are not mistaken, John 1 I'm sure it waB only your nervousness,' said his wife anxiously, ' Ob, if yon would only consult a physician 3' - — ?? Physician be ? ! ' began Mr. Maverick, excitedly ; bat he stopped short. ' I have it 1' he went on in a changed tone. *'The noise was in the front bedroom, where the old fellow hanged himself. And when the rope broke, he fell!' 'Sorely, John, yon Idon't place faith in aV that gossip,' protested Mrs. Maverick. ' You're not quite yourself, dear, that's all 1' Sir, Maverick made no verbal reply. He buttoned up his coat resolutely, stepped over to the old writing-table in the corner of the room, and took from one of its drawers a silver-plated Colt's revolver. Having satisfied himself that it wsb loaded, he lit a candle, and started for the door. Mrs. Maverick, now Bsrioualy disturbed, tried to calm him in vain. At length, with a sign for his obstinaey, she arose and followed him. HI. ' There is no one here,' said Mr. Maverick, after an exhaustive search of the front bedroom. *'But there is that old hook be hanged himself from ; and he fell right here.' 'Do come down stairs again, John. I was rare yon would find nothing. Think how often ? ' Her husband caught her arm. His lipB were parted, and he was listening intently. 'Steps!' he whispered. 'Steps in the hall 1 Listen ! there — now— steps !' ' I hear nothing !' said Mrs. Maverick, after a moment. Mr. Maverick's teeth chattered, bat he com manded himself by a' strong effort. *' If you hear nothing, Maria,' he said, ' it is tbe best evidence that this intruder is no flesh and blood, but a~ spectre. But, whatever he is, I will hunt him down if it takes all night.' ' How can you hnnt do wn a spectre ? Don't be absurd, John, dear. You will only catch your death a cold, trotting round these dully entries and places.' 'Don't attempt to restrain me, Maria,' re plied her husband with a nervous' shudder. 'If I don't search out this mystery it may be tbe death of me indeed !' They went out into the hall. The candle threw a gleam along it, but. its extremities were swathed in deep shadows. Mr. Maverick peered searchingly into this obscurity, and then stealthily raising biB finger he pointed toward the thickest gloom. ' There it is .'' be murmured in a scarcely audible voice. 'I saw it move ! See— in a long grey dressing-gown— Bee ! . . . Ha ! it's gone !' 'Bat eurely, John, my eyes are as good as yours, and rather better. If there were any thing, why wouldn't it be visible to me aB well as to you ?' ' Heaven knows, Maria ! bat it ie only some organisations that are susceptible to appari tions. I eaw tbe figure move, and the gleam of its white face. But where can it have dis appeared? Hark!' A long, heavy sigh, as of a breathing heavily oppressed, was distinctly audible in the intense stillness. It seemed to come from close at band, and yet it was impossible to fix the direction, Immediately following it there waB a creaking sound from the staircase behind them. This time Mrs. Maverick gave a start and looked round. ** I did hear a noise then,' she whispered. ' He mast nave passed cIobb by us and gone down,' returned the husband. ' I had a cold U elinfr a moment ago, as from a draught of icy air, Come— let us follow it up.' IV, They descended again to the lower story ; but everything there appeared exactly as when they had left it. The wind had now begun to arise, and, sweeping across the naked white fields, whispered and muttered about the old house as if it had some sad secret to communi cate. The two hunters in this ghastly chase were now in the dining- room, a sombre apart ment) with a portrait over the mantelpiece of an elderly man in a grey surtout. The frame of this portrait was fastened into the wall, and had ocenpied its present position since an un known date. The original of the portrait was aleo unknown, but it was supposed to be the suicide of the legend. Mr. Maverick stood gazing up at it, as if expecting some sign of life in those dark troubled features. 'The story is,' he said, in the tretnulouB undertone which had come to be his manner of speech daring the last half hoar. ' that on the evening of his death he went oat to the barn to chop wood. Whiie there a messenger came to him from the village with tbe terrible news which — ' He stopped, and his wife and he etood staring into each other's eyes. From the direction of the barn came a Still, mnffled sound, repeated regularly at short intervals, ' Theie be is now !' exclaimed Maverick, speaking with difficulty, 'He's at work again, jnet as he was fifty years ago. What a fearful thing thfa is ! Where is the lantern ?' 'Don't go out, John ! Oh, don't !' en treated his wife. ' In your excited condition, atd in thfa freezing air, it will kill you— I know it will J' ' I must go,. Maria,' he replied, with a sort of df operation. 'To sit etill and feel that you aie haunted would be worse than death. Sj 1- nff as I am on its tracks I can bear it. You tlfj here; call me if you hear or see anything.' The lantern was procured; and Maverick set fotth. He reached the barn, ploughing his way through the crisp snow, and found the door partly open. He threw it back and looked in. A pile of uncut logs lay at one side : the saw- horc, with a eaw leaning against it, stood near. Tlj axe was nowhere to be seen, nor were the^a any traces of its having been recently used. After listening and look ing for a few moments he closed the door and fastened it, and turned again toward the house. From where he now stood the windows of the dining-room were visible, lighted up by the cacdle which be had left there. At one of the windows, outlined against the light be hind, he saw the figure of his wife, apparently looking out for him. But immediately after ward he saw, or thought he saw, the shape of a man moving to and fro in the room behind her. _ The shape approached her, and Maverick, with a thrill of horror, recognised the frame apparition whose vague contours he bad beheld in the obsenrity of the entry. Mrs. Maverick stirred uneasily, but did . not look round, though the mysterious shape seemed to be close at her shoulder. With a cry of warn ing t-- her, Maverick leapt forward and ran toward the house. Instantly the figure shrank backward, and, flitting across the room, vanished apparently in the direction of the fireplace. It was as if the portrait had come down from its frame during his absence, and bad again retired to it. He burst into the house and staggered into the dining-room. His wife, turning from the window, met bun with a questioning look, and with cnly bo much discomposure aa might naturally bs excited by his own panic-stricken aepect. ' Did you find anything, dear ?'' she asked. ' Good God, woman '.' he gasped out, ' do you mean to eay you saw nothing— felt nothing ?' ' What should I feel, John ?' she demanded in a troubled tone. 'It — the Bpectre— him !' cried Maverick, pointing at the portrait, which frowned grimly back at them from its frame. 'No spectre has been in this room that I know of,' returned Mrs. Maverick in a quaver ing voice, while the tears sprang to her eyeB. ' Ob, my poor husband, what shall I do for you?' ^ His agitation and the chill occasioned by his visit to the barn had put Maverick into snch a state that he yielded at length to his wife's entreaties that he would take a hot bath and go to bed. The bathroom was a narrow apartment off the upper entry, awkwardly arranged, so that the only window was a narrow opening near the top of the partition between the bathroom and the front bedroom. Ab Maverick lay in the bath his back was toward this window. Mrs. Maverick was in the bedroom ; he could hear her moving about there. Bat presently a faint sound, as of something gently and cautiously pressing against the partition, or slowly brushing against it, roused his atten tion, in an instant, to the acutest pitch. With a Budden movement he turned his head and threw a swift glance at tbe window. It was enough ! A strange sombre face had been flattened against the pane and had been watching him — who could tell how long? It vanished instantly, like a shadow, and without a Bound ; but Maverick had seen it. He uttered a frantic cry, scrambled out of the bath, wrapped the heated blan&et; about him, and reeled into the bedroom. There sat Mrs. Maverick in her easy -chair, Beemingly just aroused from a doze. Evidently she waB, as usual, quite unconscious of anything' uuu3ua! ' having happened. Maverick could not speak. He reached the bed *nd fell upon it in an almost fainting condition. He was bat vaguely conscious that his wife was moving him into an easier position, and tucking warm wrapa about him ; then he smelt brandy, and, mechanically opening his lips, felt the fiery staff trickle down his unaccustomed throat. He wondered where the brandy came from; and in the midst of his surmises fell asleep. Suddenly, after how long an interval he knew not, he was broad awake, with a feeling that something was going to hap pen. He was lying on bis back, with one arm outside the coverlid; tbe only light in the room came from the remains of the coal fire in the open grate. Awake though he was. Maverick did not fully open his eyes or shift his position ; he remained absolutely without motion, and with his eyelids down. Bat he coald see that grey figure gliding stealthily across the floor, and drawing nearer and nearer to him. The lower part of its face was muffled in some odd drapery ; but the eyeB were re vealed, and they were fixed steadfastly on Maverick's countenance. What did the thing mean to do to him ? Where was Mrs. Maverick I Maverick's limbs seemed bound with iron ; he could not stir nor utter any sound, bat his whole body seemed to be made of eyeB and ears. It was standing close beside him now, and, extending its arm, it laid its cold fingers upon Maverick's wrist, Tbe touch was as light aa a feather, bat Maverick felt it through every nerve of hia organism. Then the cold fingers left his wrist, and crept slowly upward toward his throat. The sweat broke from his forehead, and hia heart trembled and stood still. The next instant, with a low snarl of desperation. Maverick had spronsr from the bad, and seized in a frantic grasp the burly figure of Dr, TibbetB, his wife's uncle. VI. ' But what could I do, John dear?' pleaded Mrs. Maverick the next day, ' If ancle hadn't fallen down up-staira all this wouldn't have happened ; bat, as it was, I didn't dare tell you it was uncle, for fear you would do something violent. I had asked him to come here, without your knowing it, in order to form an opinion if possible as to your condition by feeling your pulse and examining you when you were asleep, or in any way unaware of his presence. Bat when yon began hunting him in that wild way with a revolver, what could I do but try to per suade you tbat you were mistaken? And as for poor uncle he waB nearly scared to death ; and, if he hadn't been very kind, he would have run out of the house at once and left you to your fate.' ' Yon nearly had me that time np in the hall,' added Dr. Tibbets. chuckling. 'You heard me breathing just inside the embrasure of the spare room door; and if that stair hadn't creaked, by the mercy of Providence, just then and got you ofi the Bcent I'd have been a dead man. Then the slamming of that old barn door gave me a chance to communicate with Maria; but, well, excuse me from passing such another night for anybody !' 'And what do you think is the matter with him ?' asked Mm. Maverick, '? Lack of good ale and outdoor air— and doctors?' replied the old gentleman, 'I tell yon, Maverick, doctors are the best company going, and tbe only way to get along without them is to have one to dinner once a week,' 'Well.' said Maverick, ?TH begin with yon at our ChriBtmaa dinner to-day. After a ghost even a doctor is relief. 