THE HL A CK HOUSE IKK. BY L. A. SAVORY. I was just sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stedman. my father's distant cousin, who kept the Black Horse Inn onthcSondis field turnpike. I was tho eldest oE six children, and with so many little months to fill it is no wonder that when Mr. Stedman wrote that she wanted a well brought up girl as an assist ant. not as a servant, my parents gladly con sented to let me go, particularly as she was a renowned housekeeper, and had the reputa tion o£ making tiie best pieties, preservers and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were to assist in the sewing, keeping the accounts of the inn, and any other light labor which was required. My father accompanied me to T>-and saw me settled in the mail coach, which passed through Sondisfield twice a week. It was before tiie days of railroads, and it was quite dark when we drew up to the “ Black Horse,” where the passengers were to spend the night. The house was large, and situated on the high road where the Sondisfield turnpike crossed the road from Newtown to War chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good garden, a fine orchard,and a large farm attached. It stood on high ground, and commanded a view foiwmny a mile over the country. The B-mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown to Warchester changed horses there, and all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travelleis, either on horseback or in carriages, always stopped at the “ Black Horse,” for rest and refresh Mrs. Stedman was a tall, angular woman of about sixty; her hair, which was white aa snow, she wore puffed high on her head, un covered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a con firmed opium cater; I think she had the most severe countenance I ever saw, and one wa3 careful of one’s conduct before her. There was no gossip between the men and the maids at the 11 Black Horse,” and woe betide the luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared to laugh in her presence. . I had heard her story before X came there. She was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she idolised; but the son and heir of a rich man from a distant city, who came to fish in the' waters of the miil-dam, had induced her to elope with him ; it was notsupposed tlias he had married Her mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter; it wns said she bad returned their letters unopened. At all events, no one ever spoke of Clara Sted man, and it had been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young . Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me ; 'ont if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen are, I’m afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the old house, after the cheer less November days came on ; but I applied myself to learning how to make the various viands for which the house was famous, and at other times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there was always the books to keep, which had to be attended to every Mrs. Steelman’s room was a Jarge one up stairs, in an L of the house ; there wa3 a flight of stairs leading from it clown to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining mom. Tlris closet was a sort of butler’s pantry; in it were kept the .best china and glassware, cutlery and table linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, where the wines and other commodities I often sat at the old secretary in Mrs. Sledman’s chamber easting up accounts or writing off recipes. It wns a curious old desk, filied with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers aud showed me their contents; rare spices and drugs and essences; costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder,'securely sealed in as glass bottle, I suppose now it was arsenic, hut I did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because X exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and bad no looks of levity. It was about tlie middle of November. The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, and travellers who had so often stopped at the “ Iliaek Horse ” during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. Wcliad fairlysettled down for the Winters' quiet, when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and M:s. Stedman was in her own room, puttingaway the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse’s hoofs made me look out upon the road, and there I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to the stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man. of about thirty-eight or forty. lie bad a good-natured look, like one who takes the world easy, and at the same tiipe there was a good deal of determination #bout his wcl! sbaped. month. \v . JTe walked in as if the place Wero fomilinr no,ni,m’nTarfkC'! ireroreAI Home and if Ju» could have tiuimr , could answer cither question, s’qj down sfcrtirs nnd rcctsived till! gentlenTij*!! with more ceremony and respect; than I Uul ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from lier manner, he was an entire stranger to her, I thought he glanced sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied; for be entered the parlor, which she opened for hint, an ' in a careless way thing himself dawn in uneasy chair before the fire, toawaitdinncr. Mrs. Stedman seemed greatly excited. She told me to lay the table with the host linen, silver and china, and went her self into the kitchen to superintend Patty while she cooked the meal, a thing she seldom did for anybody. She sent me into the cellar for a bottle of the to t wine it contained, and tol l me to pear it into the nicest cut-glass decanter. I had an idea that she had discovered the gentleman to be some great personage—tiie governor, perhaps, travelling in disguise, and for that reason treated him with such respect. When the table was all laid, and tlie dinner ready to beset upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into the cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept there. I did as I was told, and she went up to her room. As I have said before, there was a trap door leading to tlie cellar, in the closet where, tiie stairs leading to her room were. It was not directly under them, and I suppose 1 was not gone so long as she expected, for, as 1 came up with the pickle jar 1 saw herswiftly descend the stairs with the sealed bottle con taining the white powder in her hands ; and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass, and pouring some wine out of the decanter she tilled the glass and called out to me—still in tlie cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gen tie man that dinner was served. Then she quickly ivent'up to her room again. I was so horrified at what I had seen that, for a moment, I could notjmove; then—and I shall never know what impelled me, some thing X could hot help—I rushed to the table, seised the wine glass, and pitched it aud its contents out of the window. As I did so I heard a slight noise near the parlor door, and there stood the gentleman observing me. “ And so that’s her game, is it 1” he said, half to himself. He stood silently for a moment, then he turned to me and said : “ I saw the whole of it, my girl; go and ask Mrs. Stedman to come here,” I did as she bade me, and presently she came. Her face was deadly pale, and her black eyes had an unearthly brightness. The gentleman drew a step or two nearer, and said: “ You recognise me, I see, Mrs. Stedman.” “ Don’t I she answered, in a low voice. The gentleman laughed. “ If I had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might have been a widow at the hands of her own mother.” At these words.I saw Mrs. Stedman change “ Wife ?" she faltered. “ Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of my children —your daughter Clara. Of course X married her ; I had no intention of doing otherwise. It was done privately, to keep it from my fattier. If you had not been too cursedly, proud to open her letters, you would have know it long ago. By George 1 you’re not going to faint!” for Mrs. Stedman sank down on the floor without a I screamed, and the cook and the kitchen maid came running in, and between us we raised her and placed her on tlie sofa; but presently she started up and went to her own room, and we heard her lock the “ Missus has seen a ghost,’, the kitchen maid said. The cook hinted darkly at “spasms,” but Mr. Livingstone and I looked at each other without a word. “Well, I suppose I can have my dinner now,” lie said,at last. And ! must say he ate it with a better ap petite than I should have supposed possible under the circumstances. He even drank some of tlie wine, and praised its fine Toward sunset he rode away, leav'ng a note for Mrs. Stedman. We all went r.b'.ut our business, for work never slacked in that honse, and the evening coach was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passen gers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from her until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see*. Her face was ns white as her hair, and her hand shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. “ Alice,” she said, “ you are a good girl; take this, and to-night when the B conch starts, go home to your parents. I will take care that no blame is attached to you.” 111 don't want money, Mrs. Stedman, but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father nnd mother,” I She held out the purse and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed my trunk ; and when the coach was ready, got in and started for home. My parents were very mnch surprised when it- set me down at the door, and they were still more astonished when I told my Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the “Black Horse Inn” ten years longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. She nevdr visited her danghter, but I have heard that Clara and her children passed a few weeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston she never saw again. When her will wa3 read it was found that she had divided her property in equal shares between her eldest grandson Stedman Livingston, and myself 