FOLLOWED BY THE GHOST. A ma it! en followed by a man's afraid; A ghisl is worst if fresh from hell he's strayed. When John White took Esther toAis home to reside, he performed a deal of charity that no one in the village except himself had the courage to attempt Both he and his good wile showed by the kind which they treated the un happy girl, that she had their sympathy. .Iwas i)ow January, 1879, nearly five 'months smt-e the haunting of the house by the .ghost |hqd first commenced. Esther had beeh at White's residence two weeks, and had not heard anything of her tormentor. She was contented and' consequently happy, having im proved in health very mifchinthat short time; her nervousness and fear of the ghtafthavingblmostsabsideai Mrs/White, who found her of great assistance in -the house, had become riiuch attached to the girl, and always treated her with the same kindness, and gave her the same perso nal attention, that she did her own chil-, dren. She wentto church,iead&tlb;&ble;, - sewed and did housework with the family, an<3 was simply treated as a guest who did not like to remain idle. Toward the' end of tlie third iyeek.it. .came known as a fact that liauiel Teed'i little cottage was no longer haunted' by the ghost Peoplp ii), ^mherst $11 though that as I the |>ower had succeeded in driving Es,ther l.rom home, it was content to allowjtSe ofther inembejs pf the Teeti family to live in peace. It was the end of the fourth week of herresidence in John White's peaceful home, that to the dismay of all in the house, and horror of the village, her old enemy, the ghost, commenced his devilish work again. One day, while scrubbing the-haU at her new home, she was astonished' to 'see her scrubbing brush disappear from her hand. - When the ghost told her. that he ha«j token it, she b,ecame, through!^ alarmed and im mediately screamed at the' top of hfer voice for Mrs. White, who, with her daughter Mary, dime running down stairs to her assistance, supposing she had (alien $nd injured herself. When informed by Esther that the ghost had actually followed her to their home, their icielihgs can be bitter imagined than described. Mrt. White and Mary searched the hall and examined the water in the scrub-bucket, but all . to no purpose; the brush could not be found. After they had abandoned their search,' to the great astonishment of all, the brush fell from the Ceiling; just grazing Esther's head in its fall. Here was a new phase of the ghost's power. He, a genuine ghost, was able to take a solid spbstopcf frpjn o|ir material -world, andirdMer K<invi^ible<ft> u«3>y carrying it into his mysterious state of existence; and now, since it was known he could take one object "why could he not take another-if a brush why'nbtthe bucket? <kiyj nevteti Esther herself might be catti&l; off by this demoniacal ghost, /who was invisible rt9,.n^I(. .p^rsop^ except herself. But Wto speculate on so great a mysteiy here? ^tiet science.'solve 'the problem. For ItheRnexti !week very remarkable p|»epoi!»fjM £ontinued tototake plpce at,Mr.0W^ ij's.; The ghost couid now I tell now much monejj people bad in their , pockets, both by knocking on the floor wd'iraM, or on a table, or by telling "Esther so that she umrid tell others. He would answer any questions asked in those ways, and behaved himself in a yery geotleawnner, yntil thf endrjtf|}ie sixth week QjTthet residence #iere, when he began h» deyiteh old,.,tricks again. He commented iiciiidling fire&bout;': tl® White hoinestead, anti walfcing^aboutflre house, so that he could be heard by all persons present Again terror reigned supreme, as in the Teed cottage. John White would not, of course, run any risk in having his newjjmd well-built villa destroyed by fire while he was attending to business, and so persuaded Esther to remain all day long with him in his dining-saloon, which stood directly op posite Bird's book store on the main street of the village. , White she stood behind the counter in the dining-saloon, or when working in the adjoining kitchen, many new and wonderful things were witnessed by the inhabitants of Amherst, and by the strangers who had come from a distance; and experiments were tried to prevent the ghost, who followed poor Esther every day to White's place of business ahd home again at night, from giving manifestations of his power. Among other experiments, some one suggested that if Esther could stand on glass the power would cease for the time being, and perhaps for ever. Acting upon this suggestion, pieces of glass were put in her shoes; but as their presence caused her head to ache and nose to bleed, without stopping the working of the power, theideji wa#abatKtynfifd; .One mQrhltig the.door of the large cookihg-itovein tfieMsticheh, adjoining the saloon, was opened and shut so incessantly by the ghost that the noise annoyed Mr. White, who with an old axe-handle so braced the stove door that it could not bo moved, by any known muftdane poi-er, i withont.first. repwiig the axe-handle. Amompnt afterwards, however, the' ghost, *Wo :ifefemed' never for,»ri instant tp lgave tbe girl's^Tesente while she was 'in the saloon, luted the door'offitS'hi^^and^eraoVed'ihii'iijfe handte frotfi fhepoatiop ft* which itiufg been placed, then,. aft^ th'tojing iffen a considerablfe': distaHci into the>J^ lett>oth iajl tp £)e flpopri^iremei?yjtoM crash. Mr. White was' speechless' with astonishment; but when he had re covered from his supprise he went to the saloon door and called in Mr. W. H. Rc%eS,"ijispector of Fisheries for Nova Scotia at the time (1879), who happened to be passing in the street. After bracing the a$ 'befdrfe, thd feaiM wonderful manifestation was repeated On another occasion, a clasp knife belonging to little Frederick White, Mr. White's pon, was. taken from ipis hand >hilfe hV : Was whittling sohife thing, by the 1 devilish '? ghost/ 1 who instantly stabbed' Esther in the book with it, leaving the knife sticking; ip;. rije wound, which was bleeding prcftiseiy. Frederick pulled the bloody Knife' from the woiiitd, wiped it.'clbsed it an'd ptit it in his pocket, which he had nC> 'sooner done than'the ghost.obtained ^possession of itsgain.'and, m quick as ,»') fash, ;pf lightning, stujek ft, into ,tbe sai^e wound. Fipdericif ajg*in pulled it out and, . after wiping and eliding'it" ks before, pllrTt fn to the rfcabh 7<fraw, which life locked and jput ! thfe' key l in' tils' jjocketl' Ftederipk told me this himself, and was icorrpbora tpd :by,bis father.jjuid fillers. : ,. -j TTiere was 'something,' still more remarkable, however, ab^dt thefpllpwing fact. Sorae' tfcrsfth tried the'experiment of placing three or four.'laige iron spikes on Esthers .lap; while> sbpoms seated iin. tbe rdiju,ng^loon.. To , the unutterable astonishment ? of' Mr. White, Frederick', aadl^ie^otlver'Jjfersoas. present, the spikfes' Were not'iniitirffly 're moved, as it was gxpected ttoey%otild be, but instead, remained ?> Dibber lapentil they, bewne Jtpo, foot b^ bandled twith comfort,, ^hep jbeji were throyfii Tijy the gh&tio;'the far end' of ^oon, a distance of twenty !feet; " 'TKHi 'lfact was fully corroborated. It was during her daily occupation in the saloon that the ghost commenced to make the furniture move about, and that, too, in th^bnghtlKht ptday... On one occasion, a' large oox, weigAing fifty Miiwjsawassmgyed a^uiceof/fifwai tetAritnout* tire* sligmist ^IsHjlc? taule. The v?ry loydest .kind .of.knoplung com* menced again, and was heard by large CTofeds«f-prople';,lheskloori being con tinually filled wilto yisitor<». ,I saw the bo&Xh;^ stave d9or,.^(>d ^e-haitfle. ,. (to be cohnpued.) " 