Iptastttr*. THE WEAKER VESSEL. A NOVEEi. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Rainbow Gold,' 'Aunt Rachel,' &c.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter I. George Dolmer Delamere, Esq., being advertised to lecture in the Athe naeum Hall, Bondage - road, Hounds ditch, under the auspices of the Moral Tone Association, I paid my threepence, secured thereby a right of entry to the reserved seats, and went to listen. I waa at this time an idle man (not. 1 think, from any fault of mine), and anxious to find some business ?which should bring in batter for that necessary daily loaf which was already provided for me by a kindly fortune. In the hope that I might one day find a literary use for the knowledge I was picking up by bits and scraps, I had devoted myself for some months to the study of life and manners in various corners of London, and was in the habit cf making enthusiastic and copious notes. George Dolmer Delamere, Esq., was known to me as to almost everybody by name, and the doings of the Moral Tone Association had been trumpeted in the newspapers of late. I sat down and waited In a waste little loom and had ample time to look about me. There were 30 or 40 people already present, and' at Intervals of a minute or so a new-comer would appear, smoothing his fair furtively, and creaking to a seat on tiptoe as though he were afraid of awaking the echoes. People coughed apologetically and shuffled their feet, and sat apart from one another. The place and everybody In It had an air of penance, and so far as one anight judge from appearances the gospel of the moral tone was not gay or popular. The andience was made up mainly of youngish men, most of whom looked thoughtful and earnest. They were ill at ease because they were not used to society, and they were evidently anxious to observe and evidently anxious to be un observed. When we had sat in a shuffling and uneasy silence for a quarter of an hour a dapper man opened a door at the back of the room and looked in. The scat tered assembly applauded, and the dapper man disappeared, but a few minutes later returned at the head of a fitting of ladies and gentlemen, who, la ac companiment to a dropping fire of hand dapping, advanced to a low platform and took their seats upon it. The leader took Mb place at a red-clad table in the centre, and at his right sat a gentleman whose very aspect was a lesson in tone. . He was tall and slender and stately, and he con descended from his crown to his heels in every attitude and movement. His face was refined and capable, and he smiled in S complex way, which expressed curiosity and aflable pity, and a profound allowance ?all at once. He had a tall, bald fore bead, eilky white hair, rather unusually long j long, narrow hands of extraordinary -whiteness and delicacy; and a mouth which, In the Intervals of his smile, looked a trifle peevish and disappointed. He was in evening dress and would have looked remarkable and distinguished any ?where. Here he was as remarkable as a etag in a herd of cart-horses. I supposed this gentleman to be George Dolmer Delamere, Esq., and the dapper man in the chair confirmed my supposition by his Introductory speech, Mr. Delamere, he told us, was a gentle man who had always taken the deepest Interest in art. He was known in the Jughest artistic circles, as everybody knew; and Mb delicate taste and profound know ledge had secured for him a position unique in the artistic world. He waa ?warmly interested also in the condition of the people, and the Moral Tone Association had been bo fortunate as io enlist his invaluable sympathy and support. The dapper man would no longer detain us from the intellectual treat in store. Mr. Dolmer Delamere would de liver to us an address on the Line of Beauty.' Mr. -Delamere arose and began to talk ?without preface In a gentle and persuasive voice, which carried conviction of high breeding in every tone of it. A great black board on a wheeled stand was placed upon the platform, with a clean napkin hanging over It and a number of pieces of white chalk scattered on a rest below it. Whilst he talked he took down the napkin and polished the black board, as only an accomplished critic and a gentleman could polish a black board. Uy way of preliminary he told us In Ms soft persuasive voice that the only fashion of manfully facing the future was to con vince ourselves that the past was dead. The creeds in which the human race had been cradled weredead and done with. The religious go-carte In which humanity had toddled for centuries were broken, and there was not the faintest little hope of mending them. That hope of a hereafter, with which benevolent cheats or mis guided enthusiasts had beguiled the poor and suffering was finally extinguished. There was but one life to live, and it must be made the best of. To make the besb of it it was necessary to redeem it from ugliness. Ugliness, whether material or moral, was a crime which created its own punishment — a crime infectious as measles. Everybody suffered from it, and almost everybody actively propagated it. He proposed to offer a slight — a very slight — reactionary dose that evening. He would do his humble best to show us what beauty was and what it was not. When everything was beautiful and every body had caught the prevailing senti ment of things everybody would be good and everybody would be happy, because beauty and goodness and happiness were interchangeable terms. He put all this lightly, gracefully, in well-choBen, striking, and clear words, so that nobody could fail to understand him ; and then, with a rare parity of line and certainty of hand, he began to draw upon the black board. He showed us architectural lines which were ugly and architectural lines which were beautiful ; and he drew for us curves of all kinds, talking without pause the while, and inte resting everybody present. Then In awhile he mounted to the human face, and drew a plain but not unprepossessing countenance in three-quarters. He pointed out to us how plain it was, and by the side of it drew another face, un mistakably the same, and yet pleaaanfcer to look upon. Talking on and working with great delicacy and assurance of touch he drew a third face, still unmistakably the same, but charming ; and finally, after a fourth step towards perfection, he sketched for us a face which waa simply and purely beautiful. As he stood aside from each drawing in turn as it was completed the little audience broke into warm applause; and when the last face was finished the stamping of enthusiastic feet raised a dust of faded odor from the floor, and made the place feel as if it had awakened after being neglected for a century. Then when the applause had subsided he told us how the faults in the first face, which made it plain, were due to certain inadequacies of character, and traced for us mental and moral progress in the lines which led up to beauty. Finally everybody was interested, and most were charmed and persuaded. If Mr. Dolmer Delamere condescended to us — and he did — it seemed so natural, and the condescension was so delicately and kindly expressed that not a soul could dream of taking umbrage at it. How could he but condescend, moving on so high a plane of thought, being so refined and sen sitive and good, and so filled with that piety of cultured nature of which he spoke so often 1 His audience was rough and poor, and he was a product of ages of exquisitely refined thinking and living. The dapper man proposed a vote of thanks, which was most eagerly carried, and he promised Mr. Delamere that if he should again honor them by his presence an audience more fitting In number and enthusiasm would certainly welcome his appearance. Mr. Delamere responded, the ladies and gentlemen withdrew, and the audience crowded round the platform to discuBs and admire the five faces on the black board, until somebody turned out the lights, and we were left to find our way out in the dark. The gas went out so suddenly, and I had been looking so intently at the five beautifully drawn outlines, that for an instant everything was left distinctly on the retina or on the mind. On the mind, 1 think, for I am conscious now, and seem to have been conscious then, of the pale ring of faces, and the tint of the walla, and the shape of the windows, and the colors' of the shadows that lurked in comers, and half a dozen other little details of which the eye could not at any given moment have taken any complete cognisance. The faces quite lived with me, and I went out into the streets hi company with them. I do not know iE it may not seem a bold thing to say — perhapB it may seem a boastfully foolish thug, though it is no more than simple fact — but I never, in the whole course of a wandering and eventful life, have cast a conscious look upon a face, if it were only In passing along Regent-street or hi struggling to a car riage from a railway platform, but I could recall it clearly and identify it, and if I were artist enough could paint it. A picture impresses itself less vividly and profoundly, and I have but dim remem brances of many portraits which I have scrutinised with care. The five sketches were but newly Imprinted on the mind, however, and I carried them away with unblurred eyes. I compared the fourth and fifth, and somehow, though it was likely enough that a finer moral and in tellectual excellence was expressed in the last, somehow, In my unregenerate way, I liked the fourth the better, and thought it a more human and lovable type. I sauntered on, without taking much notice of the people whom I passed or who breasted the bitter wind which blew behind me, until a something out of con sonance with the street recalled me to myself. A pair of well-appointed car riages had halted at the edge of the horserosd, and Mr. Delamere, whose figure was easily recognisable, was Bhaking hands with a lady who leaned from one of them. ' Pray let me drive you~there,'-si^-i — the lady ; *' it is so little out of our way.' 'No,' said Mr. Delamere. 'I am obliged to von, but I will walk until I find a hanBom. I sauntered on, thinking. I heard the lady eay, 'Good night, then,' and Mr. Delamere said to the coachman, ' Home.' The carriages moved past me, and a minute or two Liter Mr. Delamare went by, weaving a scarf about hla throat as he walked.- He turned in passing and re garded me, and then went on with a slight shiver at the bitter wind, and, going at a swift and resolute pace, turned a corner and went out of sight. My way led me after him, and I followed. When I reached the corner he had already cleared the short street upon which I entered. Not a figure broke the monotony of its lines from end to end, and the neigh borhood was more desolate than a desert. The noise of the wind was dulled here, and I could still hear the quick and nervous beat of the lecturer's heels as he trod the pavement beyond the next turn ing. Suddenly the step paused, and there was a cry. I ran forward — I Had not more than twenty yards to run before I reached the corner — and there was the apoBtle of sweetness in the hands of three who were not as yet his disciples. He was struggling with them ; his light overcoat was torn open, and I saw the gleam of his white shirt-front in the light of a street lamp. As I came in sight of the swaying quartette I saw a blow struck. Mr. Dolmer Delamere fell full length on the pavement, and at the sound of my approaching footsteps the three scoundrels made off at a run. I shouted 'Stop thief as I ran, and saw the fellows scatter and take different ways. Mr. Delamere was but little hurt. His hat was crushed, . his right elbow was numbed — 1 had a fear at first that his arm web broken— and his coat was torn in two or three places. His watch dangled from its chain, and the buttons was torn from his waistcoat, but he had lost nothing; and when I had helped him to his feet we ran at his urging to the end of the street shouting 'Stop thief,' until it became evident that Mb assailants had escaped. No policeman made an appearance, and, so far as I saw, no one appeared at door or window to manifest any interest In the affair. We settled down almost directly, and I ventured to observe — being young and nervous, and feeling it necessary to eay something— that all the world was not quite converted to the principles of the Moral Tone Association. ' No,' he said ; ' you arrived by a happy accident for me. Those fellows were ready for any extremity of violence.' He looked down at me from his superior height, and by-and-bye added, ' I have seen you before this evening ?' 'Yes,' I answered. 'I was present at your lecture. ' 'You reside in this neighborhood?' he asked me, with that courteous con descension which had marked him all the evening. ' Some miles away,' I said. I went on to express some surprise and admiration for his coolness. Most men would have become a little flustered and excited. ' I have lived long enough to learn one important lesson,' he responded. ' Now is a man's only time. When a thing is done, I have done with it.' I was much the more flattered of the two — indeed he did not seem disturbed at alL He chafed the numbed elbow, and catching me in the act of looking at him, he said with a smile — ' That is a part of now, and will be for a day or two, I fancy. You go about among these people? YeB? You are not a clergyman? I thought not. A doctor? No? A student of human nature ?' I blushed and pleaded guilty stam meringly. They were interesting — the people down here. I am afraid I caught something of his own tone, and being very young and an absurd prig and coxcomb in a hundred ways (though, as I believe, a fairly honest and lovable lad at bottom), I was pleased to find that he did, not con Found me with the rest of his hearers, and wanted him to understand that I was an intellectual young person. 'Yee,' he said, still chafing the numbed elbow, ' they make themselves interesting. ' Then a momentlater, ' What sort of a sample had I there to night ? Were they exceptional ?' ' Certainly not representative,' I told him. Exceptionally intelligent, curious, and anxious to learn, I fancied. For the most part the people of that quarter seemed apathetic, stolid, not anxious to go beyond themselves and their affairs of every day. He was so easy, stately, and condescending that I was rather in awe of him, and expressed myself somewhat hesi tatingly. 'You must be good enough to let me know to whom I am indebted,' he said, when I had done speaking. He drew a card case from his pocket, and we ex changed cards. He paused beneath a lamp and read my name and address alond. 'John Denham, 10, Warwick Court, Gray's Inn.' A four-wheel cab rumbled into the street ; he hailed it, and it proved to be empty. 'You must let me set you down, Mr. Denham, if you are going homewards now.' I accepted his invitation, and as we rode he persuaded me to talk. The rattling noise of the vehicle made conversation difficult, and I had to shout at him, so that I felt impudent and noisy. When the driver pulled up at the entrance to Warwick Court Mr. Delamere shook me by the hand, expressed a desire to see more of me, promised to write in the course of a day or two, and then drove away. In a day or two an invitation to dinner awaited me. Mr. Delamere expressed a hope that I might not be engaged for the specified day, and asked me, if I should be so, to appoint another date and give him a week's notice. I wrote at once to accept the invitation. I looked forward to the evening with a flattered expectancy, and was rejoiced to think that I was about to set foot in literary and artistic London. Chapter H. I think my chambers were amongst the tiniest in town. If there are less spacious apartments they are inhabited by people smaller of stature than the average Briton, or not inhabited at all. The bedroom was about the size of a Saratoga trunk, and the sitting-room was only a trifle larger. I was very happy there and very full of dreams and ambition, and I spent my days in pursuits more or less literary. 1 was not quite certain in what direction I was to blossom, but I had a modest cer tainty that I should flower out in one way or another, and become rich and famous — a delusion which I have found to be common amongst bookish young men of three or fourand-twenty. I had written a three-act comedy, which no manager would so much as look at, and a five-canto poem, which no publisher would venture to introduce to an uninterested world ; and in the course of a score or so of chapters I had got the characters of an intended novel Into so unearthly a muddle of cross-purposes that 1 had thrown aside the whole thing in disgust, and for the time abandoned it. None of these things destroyed or abated the modeBt confidence already mentioned. I was sitting in my own room an hour or two after the dispatch of my answer to Mr. Delamere's invitation to dinner when I heard a noise of hammering over head, and afterreBpondingto it bya vigorous em ployment of the poker on the brickwork of my fireplace I threw open my outer door, and awaited the arrival of the personage whose presence had been signalled. Above me dwelt a young man of sevenand twenty — four years my senior — Walter Pole by name. He had no occupation, and seemed in want of none, but he had a prodigious circles of acquaintances. He read a great deal, though how he found time to do it was something of a wonder, and he lounged through time with a solemn insouciance which some people -Ecimdjrritating and others charming. He was a gooS qpnl v,f iii -ltklaje^and chose to disguise his activity by a pretence of' idleness, propping himself up lazily against walls and doors with his head rolling idly, as if in quest of a restful corner, and his hands in his pockets He and I were great chums, but he feigned to be too Idle to walk down stairs to knock at my door like an ordinary Christian, and always demanded an answer to that noisy signal of his before he would take the trouble to descend. On this occasion there was a pause be tween the Bignal and the sound of his steps upon the stair, and so leaving the door open I resumed my book and went on reading. In those happy days — it was the spring of the year 1865 — Charles Dickens waa alive and at work, and the whole English- reading world was engaged with Mr. Silas Wegg and Mr. Nicodemus Boffin. I am aware now — on the autho rity of an American gentleman who ought to know— that since the great master's death fiction has grown to be a finer art than it was In his day, but somehow— whether with advancing years one's faculty for enjoyment grows duller, or whether the gilt has been rubbed off the fictional gingerbread by the defacing hand of Tune, as it has been rubbed off gingerbread of so many other kinds — there comes nobody who delights me in his way. I would fain have the finer sorts of art which have grown up in the last score of years abolished and the dead master back again ; or — and the second wish seemed likelier of fulfilment — would fain see some new man rising who wonld make me laugh and cry as he did, and as he still does whenever I look into his noble and delightful pages. A new book from Dickens. Let elderly and middle-aged people remember what it meant, and let me enjoy myself for a minute as I recall that afternoon. I forgot the signal and the open door, and I read on until the last page of the number was finished. Then I became aware that the fire was out), that the door was still open, that the dusk of the spring evening was falling fast, and that I was stiff and cold. I rang the bell to have the fire remade, and then walked upstairs to the first landing. The door was closed, but my chum answered to my knock, re turning to his pocket as I entered the hand he had used to open it, and beckon ing me indoors by a backward movement of his head. 'I was coming down,' he said, ' but I had a call just as I knocked to you. Do you fellows know each other ?' We did not, and he introduced us to each each other. ' ? J ones — Denham. ' JoneB presented rather a striking figure. He was taller than common — six feet two, I should say. He differed very much, from what one's ideal Jones should look like ; he was magnificently moustached and bearded ; he had jet-black Italian looking eyes and an olive- colored skin. His features were remarkably delicate and refined, and his long wavy hair waB parted in the middle. ' I beg your pardon,' he said, in a soft voice which had a faint suspicion of an un-English accent, ' but did I see your name upon the door-post as I came up stairs?' ' I live in the rooms below these,' I answered. 'Was it you who saved Delamere's life the other night ?' he asked. 'Saved his life?' 'He certainly said so.' 'I saved his watch,' I said. 'I was lucky enough to hear him call out, and when I turned the corner the men who had attacked him ran away. I don't; think his life was In any danger.' ' Well, ' said the Italian-looking Jones, smoothing his glossy beard with a hand of beautiful whiteness and delicacy, 'he quite thinkB he would have been killed if It had not been for the happy accident of your arrival ; and he Is, 1 assure you, boiling over with gratitude.' Bemembering Mr. Delamere's unusual coolnesB I waB a little astonished at this, but I said nothing. ' The Delamerea are great friends of mine, ' continued Jones . ' ' Delamere is a remarkable man. He has never done half as much as he should have done, of course ; but he stands aloof from modern art a good deal, and lives with the ideals of the past.' With this a certain undefined uneasi ness took possession of him, and in a little while began to develop oddly. He rose and poked the fire. He fidgeted with the gas, raising and lowering the flame of the burners. He strayed to the book-shelves and there took down and opened a score of volumes, returning each after an apparently unseeing glance at one of Its pages. Pole, with one leg thrown across the other, followed these movements with aglance of some meaning, and once ortwice the mereBfc glimpse of a smile flickered across his face. ' What's the matter, Jones ?' he asked after a while, when the other's signs of un easiness had become so marked as to seem to call for some recognition. Jones seemed to make up his mind, and then seemed to recoil from his deter mination, and then seemed to make up his mind again. 'Do you Bketch at all, Pole? Do you paint ?' he asked. ' Have you any eketchiDg tools about ? Anything will do.' 'No,' said Pole, ' I'm sorry to say 1 do nothing in that line. What Is it that's a hurting you, my boy? The divine afflatus ?' ' I've an idea,' said Jones, wincing as if it hurt him to have this not too-pointed bit of fun poked at him. ' I want to get It down before it goes. Anything will do. A bit of brown paper and a fragment of charcoal. Anything.' 'There's your brown paper,' returned Pole, opening a drawer and setting a sheet of paper on the table ; 'and there's your material for charcoal.' He drew a packet of firewood from a locker, and cutting the string which surrounded it, thruBt one of the pieces between the bars of the fire- place and left it there. Jones pounced upon the paper, smoothed it with both hands up in the table, and then thrust a second stick between the bars. ' Don't let that burn too far,' he said ; and drawing out the first, returned to the table, and with the burning bit of wood began to work all manner of preparatory eager signs with it, as though he were hungering to realise his idea. Now at this time it was meat and drink to me to see an artist at work ; and I arose to watch the Italian-looking Jones with an excited interest of a sort which hardly any other spectacle hi the world would have awakened in me. There was a glamor about an artist, even if he were a duffer, which no other earthly creature had about him. Jones, with tbsifc'cluinsily ehaped bit of charcoal, before the red eparks had fairly died out of it, began to draw with a feverish hurry and rapidity. Pole got ready one bit of charcoal for him whilst he used another ; and in some thing under five minutec, as I should guess, a very beautiful and noble face was expressed upon the brown paper, and the artist threw himself Into a chair and lit his cigarette. His eager ness to get the sketch made had seemed a little exaggerated, and now his In difference and laxness seemed a little overdone. I waB young, and, as does not happen with every young man In the world, I knew it. I mistrusted my own experience, and yet I seemed to discover a something overdone in the Joneslan enthusiasm of desire and its rapidly followed exhaustion. Did artists really work In that way ? Were they so seized by an idea, and so incapable of resisting it ? Or waa Jones exceptionally gifted, or exceptionally susceptible, or was he a little bit of a hum ? ? I dared hardly com plete the enquiry. Pole stood over the table with his hands in his pocket, and his head on one side, and looked enjoyingly at the drawing. For my own part I was a little staggered by the bold swiftness and dexterity with ?which this Inspiration, had be.en. _b,rqpght to lifeTbut Pole's beapiing-|a«e-exp^eBsed a gratification so unusual lor him that my doubts died, and I began to think that. I was in the presence of a new' Michael Angelo. 'I say,' said Pole, In hia idle way, ' you must let me keep this, old fellow.' 'If you care for it,' Jones answered languidly. ' It's off my mind now. I've got it down and I can get it again when ever 1 want it.' ' You don't mean to say that you could reproduce this inspiration accurately?' Pole asked him, still beaming at the drawing. ' Oh, yes,' said the artist, with a care less modesty, 'You see,' he added, waking up a little, 'when an Idea gets into the mind it offers itself sometimes in a will-o'-the-wispish, tantalising kind of way It comes and goes, revealing itself In glimpseB which are neither clear enough nor prolonged enough to make that kind of impression on the memory which is necesBary to fix it. But if you can catch the tricksy thing and set it la form, no matter how roughly, it Is your own pro perty for good and all. The [definite im pression Ib secured — clearly stamped on the mind. I shall never forget that face again.' He dropped back into languor, relit his extinguished cigarette, and (smoked in silence. Two or three minutes later he arose, looked at his watch, took up his hat, and said good-bye. ' I think,' he added to me, 'that you dine at the Delamerea on Monday ?' 'I wrote to-day,' 1 answered, 'ac- cepting.' 'We shall meet there,' he said; and with more good-byes he went away. Pole, having closed the door behind him, came back at a waltz, and having circled the room twice or thrice, cannoned against a sofa and fell into it laughing. Then he got up and looked at the char* coal drawing and rubbed his hands, and laughed again, with an enjoyment so genuine that I laughed with him. 'Here's a lark,' he said, still chuck ling. ' Where is it ?' I asked him. ' Here,' he asked ; and opening a drawer below the book-shelves he drew out a sheaf of papers, from amongst which he produced a rough sheet of grey paper, such as grocers use, and holding it before me displayed to my astonished vision an absolute replica of the drawing which had juBt been executed in my presence. He set the two side by side, and we examined them together. They looked almost as if they might have been pro duced from the same lithographic stone. ' What Ib this ?' I asked : 'a coinci dence ?' 'Yes,' said Pole, turning upon me with a delicious grin of mischief, 'a co incidence. Do you know Wilson Craig ? X?o? He's a far- off cousin oi mine— Scotchman. Poor Sebastian had the same idea at Craig's only a week ago. was tormented by it ; was obliged to get it out. If you can once catch the tricksy thing you know it's your own property for good and all. But it comes and goes, my boy, revealing itself in glimpses which are neither clear enough nor prolonged enough to make that kind of Impression on the memory which is necessaryto fix it.' ' Sebastian ?' I asked. ' Who is Sebas tian?' 'Sebastian? Sebastian is Jones. Sebastian Dolmer Jones. His name has been a damage to him. If his godfathers and godmothers at his baptism had seen to it that he should be called Bill, or Dick, or Tom, or Harry it would have been a blessing for him. But Sebastian Dolmer's bound to be a bit out of the way, and to have artistic cranks and furies, don't you see ! Sebastian Dolmer can't even speak his native tongue without a little bit of foreign accent. How should he ? Bill Jones could have done it, or Dick, Tom, or Harry, but Sebastian and Dolmer couldn't manage it between 'em though they tried ever so. Thank your stars your plain John, my boy.' I felt a vicarious shame. I would greatly have preferred that Jones should not have been bowled out hi this .igno minious way. Pole's rejoicing at it seemed cruel and unfair. 'Rubbish!' said he when I put this before him. 'The only advantage this kind of humbug brings with it is that a man can laugh at it. What do you think pretence exists for, unless to be found out and laughed at ? You're going to dine with the Delameres, are you? Then you're going into the very nursery and citadel of humbug. The dinner's real and the wines are real. Plates, knives, forks, spoons, chairs, tables, white ties, shirt fronts, dress-coats, all real. But the people and the sentiments ! Keep Sebas tian Dolmer in your mind, John. There's a lot of Sebastian Dolmer in the en lightened converse of the Delameres. But whenever you hear it your safeguard is to say * Jones' to yourself. Look here !' He became quite hot upon a sudden, and struck the table, leaning across it and looking me straight in the eyes. 'I'll tell you what you'll find there. You'll find the Bham enthusiast in art, who doesn'tknow a Rubens from a Vandyke ; and the sham enthusiast in humanity, who wouldn't part with sixpence to save you from starvation ; and the Bham enthusiast in friend ship, who'll stick pins and needles in a wax caricature of you when you're gone ; and the sham enthusiast in the last new fad of atheism, who's deadly afraid of ghosts and says his prayers on the sly ; and the sham enthusiast in poetry, who's as wooden under her wooden simper a3 this wooden table. They tremble with sensitiveness, every man Jack and woman Jill of them, and they're just as tough hided as a lot of camels. They're boiling over with sympathies of all sorts if you listen to 'em, and they're dryer than the desert sand. Look at this !' He snatched the drawing vehemently from the table and held it up before me. ' Why can't plain Jones come here and say, 'I'm just Itching all over to show you how practised and dexterous I am. There's a rapid bit of certainty for you ! And now I've staggered you I'm happy I' Vanity's a natural passion, and like all natural pas sions, it's useful whilst you've got the bit in its mouth and the reins in your hands. But the beggar comes Sebastian Dolmer - Ing with his stale old inspiration and turns his own cleverness into a shameful lie.' ' They can't all be like that,' I hesi tated. The fancy made my head ache. I was young and ingenious, and I wanted to believe in people. ' Go and dine with the Delameres,' he answered,[still speaking hotly, 'and then tell me how far I'm wrong.' (To be continued.) 