N.3WS OF THE WEEK.] GUNDAGAI POLICE COURT. Tuesday, April 10. Before Mr. Weekes, P.M., and Mr. Norton, J.P. Thomas McAllister wus charged with using obscene language in a public place, to wit tho bar of Fry's Hotel, on tho 4th April Mr. Griffin appeared for the defendant. Constable Fergusson deposed to the offence. Tho defence was a denial of the use of the words. ?Defendant's son cave evidence to the effect that his father did not used the words charged in . tho summons. The Bench fined defendant 20/, and 2/6 costs, in default 14 days in jaiL ' , L The same defendant was charged with UBing profane language in Punch-street on the 4th April. Mr. Griffin for defendant. Constable McElligott deposed : Saw defendant at Hunt's Hotel. He was very drunk aud said to ! me ' By the Holy Ghost, you can't take me.' To Mr. Griffin ; Defendant did , not; complain | about Constable Fergusson. He asked me his For the defence : I Thomas McAllister, deposed : Did not use the words complained of.- Used some words. A young man named Smith was in the bfaggy with me. ? To , Sub-Inspector Cornett : ^Did not defy the police. ... The Bench held the case to be proved and fined defendant 20/ and 2/6 costs, in default 14 days in jaiL, ^--v- ???'.(.? \ 7 ?; George McAllister, v. R. A. Cotton (as agent for J. W. Cliff, of .Sydney) claim for wages. Mr. Griffin for plaintiff. This was a claim for £8 15s wages earned by plaintiff as a working miner at Mount Adruh, from 5th January to 13th February. The debt was admitted by Cotton. Cotton told plaintiff^ hie was agent for Cliff, and also admitted it in the Court. ' Mr. Griffin told tho Bench he had ymtten to Mr. Cliff- telling him the case was coming on to-daY, but had not received any reply. In reply to the Bench, R. A. Cotton, deposed : In December last met Cliff and others in Sydney about a mine at Mount Adrah and they agreed to place £200 at my disposal to sink a shaft 100ft Cliff gave me £50 to purchase tools and to take up a lease in his name. Have * expended the £50. Since then Cliff has written that he would give no . more money as he was not satisfied with the spec. | Cliff gave tlie £50 by a letter of credit. Cliff wrote I to me saying, ' Before disbursing any more money I I must have a statement from you (Cotton) but you I must discontinue any further expenditure ou my | account.' That was on the 9th January. An | agreement between myself and Cliff was drawn up but he kept it and I have not a copy of it. Hold Cliffs Miner's Right so that hi3 name should be registered, and it was on the date sued for. Cos person holds the land now and took it up. I never applied for a lease for Casperson. Did for Cliff. Caaperson posted a notice at Adelong, signed 'E. Casperson, by his agent, R. A. Cotton.' This was about the 10th December last. Was act ing with Casperson since Cliff fell through. There were two applications prior to my going to Sydney.' Put the notices up at Mount Adrah. Allowed the notices to lapse once but do not know the date^ Posted an application on the 17th January, and a second one on the 26th. This was the same land that 1 had taken for Cliff. Cliff did not give me any special instructions to take up the lease. The £50 was for purchasing the tools. I would have taken up tho lease. and~gfl.vri~finfr.?oft tion to do so but did not pay for it. Have done everything Cliff told me to. I suppose I was expected-to take up the lease for Cliff The cost of the lease would be £15. Would have paid for the lease myself. The gentlemen in Sydney were to give me £200. To Mr. Griffin : On the 5th January was agent for Cliff and the men were working at the mine. Cliff was to give mo £200 to sink a shaft and on the strength of that the men were working. My agree ment was with Cliff only, but I knew Casperson had an interest in the mine. Gave Cliff notice by registered letter. All theplant I bought in Cliff's name and I hold the receipts. Cliff had not the courtesy to reply to my letters about the men's wages. ;The Bench thought there was not sufficient evidence to make Cliff liable and made no order, advising the plaintiff to sue Cotton personally. ?The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the Gundagai Literary : Institute was held . on Wednesday evening 'when there 'were present: Messrs. Colville Smith , (in the chair), Griffin, Nicholls,. Matthews, and Sendall (hon. sec.) The minutes were read and confirmed. Accountg amounting to £49/17/ were passed for payment. '- A letter was read from Mr. J. Robinson, of Kimo, covering his cheque for £13 in fulfilment of a promise made to pay the first half year's rent of the room, for which a vote of thanks was passed. A letter was received from C. W. Weekes, Esq., P.M., presenting to the Institute five* volumes of Sands' Australian Atlas. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Weekes for his useful and hand some donation. It was decided to. make a fresh start with the Silver ? Readings, Messrs. Griffin, Allman, and Elworthy being appointed a sub committee for the purpose, the former gentleman undertaking to get up a farce. The date was fixed for the 4th May. The secretary stated that the accounts paid to-night cleared alj liabilities up. 'to | the 30th, March, and there would then only l-e a small balanoe left in the bank, still the Government subsidy, was due . and members' subscriptions, and he hoped to' have these amounts by the next meet ing. 11 Something,; ] However, must be done to raise money for the instituto and to that end . Mr. Sendall suggested that the sanction of the Attorney-General | be obtained for an art, union, the other, details of | which could be arranged by the oommitte. . After | some further discussion the suggestion was adopted | and the secretary will take the necessary steps. Mb. Want, M.L.A., for Gundagai, will address his constituents at Fry's Hall on Saturday (to morrow), at 8 p.m. We might suggest that the Progress Committee wait upon the hon. gentleman whilst he is here, and bring iforward certain mat^ ters which require, attention. The Literary Insti tute Committee too would do well also to ask Mr Want'to try and induce the Government to grant a piece of land for a building, or, if that be impos sible, urge upon them the fairness of granting a specialsum of money to purchase land. . Gundagai has hud very little from the Government, and it is not too much to expeot they will be ready to assist ,an educational movement of this kind in a special way. We1 are not awarewhat Mr. : Want's move, merit# are, but have heard that he intends visiting Tumut and it is rumoured he will be accompanied by- Mr. 'Wise, the late'.AttorneyiGeneruL -r- OUR readers will find; on the fourth pagc.of this Issue a long list of cases ; to be'- dealt with by the Local Land Board^comnencing on the 30th April ' Ths^oridaries.of a number of reserves may also be foundjinthe same place. i \- Mb. Maciubn, Crown Lands Agent, Gundagai, , has courteously handed us the following returns of business up to the end of tho March quarter J Auction Sales ? ? ' -74 C. P. Deposits ? ? 199 15 ' „ Interest ? ? ? 3050 14 . 0' ,, Instalments & Balances 15,287 11' 5 Deeds... 0.0 Annual Lease Deposits , '2 10- 0. .. . Conditional Lease Deposits. ... 2 5 0 '? Renewals ..v' \ 93y Sr:jL j:; Ringbarking Deposits-- ? ,;..- - .J,15 ; 0 . Timber and Quarry Licenses 4 10..0. // Lithographs ? I : 5 '? Transfer Fees 18 ^'.6? Stamp Duty r.;-j;14 10_Q. i ? £18,735 10 A meeting of the Gundagid Cricket Clubrwas held last 'evening, there being' present, Messrs.' Allman, ♦ Milne, 'Bibo, Morley, French / and^ Mc I Cutclieon. 'the, question of the postponed 'match with Tumut. for the Engelen Cup was discussed, i and it was 'resolved to go to Tumut on the'28th inst. We have been requested to ask the members of the club to attend practice'regiilarly so that ihe team may be in form. ' We have been requested to stato for general information that persons possessing the neoeMerg 'qualification (of six months' residence in .'theJdkv trict)i who Wish to have their nomes pliced:oa|the. electoral. roll'for-t)xa district sly)i4d,give. jW sary nbdi^e] tovth*e ^'Clw kv of Petty Sessionst'at ue Gundagai Court House before the 14th April .(to morrow). Objections to names on the roll; which can ,;he seen on .'the Court House door, must So lodged at the same time. On Wednesday last Mr. Arch. S. Smith sold by auction that well- known property M Fry's Cottage,'* Gundagai, together with! nearly five acres of laud, with frontages to Otway, West and Sheridan ' streets ; being ten town allotments. Besides '^the ! land there is a nine-roomed brick cottage, out houses, garden, and other improvements on'-the ground. The biddings started at £1000 and itwas bought by Mr. W. Howe for £1501 cash. . j TM1*ist place to purchase Men's^Qith's, and Boj^prfthing (Victorian make)'is at Dodd's — Adv. ** :j The weather continues very dry, but pleasant i days and nights. On Tuesday everything indicated j a heavy fall of rain, the glass fell and the' isky assumed a* lowering appearance but towards night it cleared off. Wednesday morning there was a fog and at Adelong Crossing a sharp frost. Farm ing operations are at a standstill and likely to remain so until a few days' soaking rain falls, ? I We understand that another attempt is .to he made to induce the storekeepers to close at 6 p.m. , Mr. Walton has done so iudependently.for years past and a majority of the storekeepers are .willing, to do so, but two or three hold out, and as long as they do .the others say as a matter of self-defence they must do the same. We trust to see the mat ter settled satisfactorily in a few days. .. . j Tub Buffaloes held a meeting on Wednesday I evening last at Fry's Hotel, a large number of members being present. Primo French occupied | the chair, and Primo McCook the City Marshall's chair, tho evenmg being spent in social fun and harmony. ' If ytfMtent Boots and Shoes in. . evefypoyble makers tye and price, go to J. M. Dodd's. ^Ay. ! A cricket match for the Eagelen Country Clube Cup will be plAyed . on Saturday next, between the CooIm and Gobarralong teams. The conntty play ers seem to know how to keep the game goibg. Mb. Katser has been notified by the Colonial Architect that his tender, sent in on Janqary . 18th- for repairs to., the Court House has been accepted. The tender is for making good the old paling fence, the spoutings and guttering*, and the total cost only tots up about £25, so our readers may judge there is very little to be done. Not a.brush Of paint or any general repairs are to be done. We trust our member, when he is here on Saturday, will be shown this scandalous piece of cheeseparing,' and if possible stop it when he returns to .Sydney.' Inter atia we may mention that nothing has -been heard of the contractors for the poet office repairs, and as two months of tho time has gone by, some steps should be taken by -the authorities to cancel the tender. - 7 We regret to hear thut a jockey named .George Stanmore, who is connected with Mr. J. .Pollack's training establishment, was thrown from a' horse whilst riding at the Wagga races yesterday, and seriously injured. At a late hour last night the poor lad was unconscious, but no bones were broken', Stanmore is in the hospital and. was out of' tlangei* by latest news. The sum of £30 was collectol'foi him at the race course. ' ? ! : Wk have' been requested to ask as many '6£ fch6 friends of Mr.'. Want, M.P., as can make it con venient, to meet that gentleman at the railway station on Saturday morning when the mail train arrives. , Heating's Cough Lozenges cure Coughs, Asthma, Bronchi1fe.^Mqiical testimony Bta^wLhatn^tiier medicUf u'so^fi^tual in the cur^f^Bes^uxrer ous malaaies. JBBe Lozenge , alone gfrres - wsowono or t^^A betttSRT ensures^ reat. difficulty of breathing they are invaluable. ;n*jhey contain no. opium nor any violent drug. ,SpId\$yj a^ Chemists, in Ti^ natiK.— | ' TnE^lait ^iz^te contains^ tl^ follo^ing-ASth drawal from the temporary common at ' ! County of- Wynyard, parish of Adelong, iiotUie- 3rd November, .1871,; within the boundarier. of measured portion numbered 755^ shown on' plan catalogued W 1412-2119.; ? ; ' , ?' ; . ' ' ? ^ | On Friday last Mr. C. J. -Lloyd, 'the land agentj sold by public auction, at the Court-house, Tumut, 13a 2r 7p .of land in the parish of BHerrifa. Mr. H. Coughlin was the purchaser at the upset price.' On Saturday R. G. Stephenson, Tumut, for drunkenness, was sentenced to three months' im- i prisonment in Gundagai jail, without the option of i a fine. * - u' ' . The saltpetre and ketoscho system of treating | stumps is thus described by a correspondent' :of* The Australasian ' After cutting off the liye' tree . in tho' autumn, a' hole' 18ih.* deep Is bored with a , l^in.. augur';down the centre of the stump ; into that two or more ounces of saltpetre are put, and a plug is' driven -to prevent; the entrance of rain. In fine weather in the spring the piulg is removed, and about a quarter; of a pint of kerosene (is puti in. This being set on fire will continue to burn away ! quietly until the^ stump and rdots are'oon* sumed right into the soU.'M , 5 ; v Mb. P. Fauchtt, ex-judge, has been appointed a Memborof .the Legislative Council. - j ' - \ , The following selections were made at Burrowa land office on Thursday week ? ? ' . 3 . . Additional CoNDrn'oNAL Purchased* i; J. Prosser, 50a, Rossi G. Newham, 40a, Wyangla ' 1 Mary Shepherd, 70a, Rugby Union Bank, 80a, Bala C. McMahon, 80a, Coconiiuglay , /. . - Obiqinal. Conditional Pobchase. , Margaret Fuller, 40a, Crosby ' i ^ Coih-m6NAL;I^^E3.'''/ * -,J. Prosser; 50a, Rossi . — ? G. Newham, 120a, Wyangla 1 \y.COTkery,200a,Gunnary % ^ ..REaroNDiNQ to tho toast of- his health .at .the Wagga banquet.on Monday, the Premier said Then there was the Local Government Bill. The ' present Government had gone through all the ? drudgery of settling the system, framing the pro- i positions and embodying all that was in the bill now ; before Parliament; and had simply been waiting ' month after month for the time of having it debated and passed into committee.. Having referred to the most important measures passed by the present Go vernment, the. Premier briefly explained the provi sions of the Public Works BUI, and then went on to say that they now proposed to proceed with the great measure — the self-government of the country \--at the very earliest moment that *they . were al lowed to do so^ (u Hear, hear:')- -Come' what may) they * were determined* that; 'those -great measures, the Land BUlj the ^bUc -'Work**Billf the Railway Bill and the-Ix^ itelf-GoYQrnmQnt :Bill, should be passed into law -.before Parliament separated. (' Hear hear.') ;If they could do it, it , would be done in the regular, rational way in which | they, ought to be allowed to do it ; but if tho time of the country was to be wasted as it had been they must screw up their courage and abide by the result. They would have been permitted to have terminated j this session a month or two ago, and would have I 1 .been quite willing after a short recess' to have mot I Parliament again for the business proper of tho ' 1 year. Tho Government believed that their policy had on the wholo the sanotion of a large majority l of the electors, and he had no doubt whatever but | that at the present time if there-were occasion the Government would find the country would rally around them so long as they, -in. seeking to carry on I the Government of this country; were actuated by I a regard to the public good. (Loud cheers.) J Holloway's Pills are the medicine most in repute for curing the multifarious maladies which attack ' humanity, when wet and cold weather gives place to more genial temperatures. In short these Pills afford relieL if they fail in being an jjJSjilute re medy ii/all t|ie disturbances of circWotyFi, diges I tion, afo nerAius energy, which at times opfcresa a vast porfrfllfof the population. Unde^^he^vholo some, purifying, and strengthening powers exerted : by these excellent Pills, the tongue becomes clean, the appetite improves, digestion is quickened, and assimilation rendered perfect. Holloway's medicines possess the highly estimable property of cleansing the whole mass of blood, which, in its renovated condition, carries purity, strength and vigour to [ every tissue of the body. — Adv. I Winter has already begun -in Delegate. Over [ coats are in requisition. Delegate Hill was covered ! with snowone morning last week. Tho snow did Inot disappear until late in the forenoon. An English engineer, who is recognised as an authority, has written to a friend on the loco. | motive question. He says: If the colony wauts | them quiokly,.of conrse .it must go to America ; if . it can wait indefinitely it can get them made in the ^colony; but if it- wants them well made and ? cheaply made it mtiBt come to England. If you must do as the Romans do when you are I in Rome, you should do as tho Milliners do when j you are in Milan. | An American papor states that a tramp up in Illinois recently hacked himself and his cattle-dog I to play 11 of the best cricketers in Fairfield, a vil lage in those parts. The match excited a lot of , interest, as the old fellow was known to put all the ' money he possessed on the match. The eleven won. the toss, and, owing to the old man's good bowling' and the dog's elever fielding, only made 63 runs. ' The old man then went in, and remained at \- the wicket all day. He made 27 runs off his first hit, 34 off his second, 14 off his third, and so on. This was brought about by . his dog, which was evidently trained to tho I seizing the ball between his teeth, , and dodging about with it till captured. The smallest snick f would thus result in from 10 to 40 runs. One time it seemed as if the old man would be caught, but the dog jumped, aud knocked the man down who i was about to make the catch. Tho eleven gave the ; match to tho old man at night ; ho theu offered to ' play 22 men, but the offer was declined. I . The Daily Telegraph states ' that M. ' Loire, | nephew of M. Pasteur, and his companions, M. Ger mont, M.D., and M. ;F. Hunds, M.D., who recently arrived in Melbourne on a mission con nected with' the reward' of £25,000' offered by the New South Wales Government, '; have written - to the Minister for Lauds, for permission to introduce into the colony M: Pasteur's system for tho exa mination of the rabbit pest. The systom consists in the introduction of microbes to inoculate rabbits with disease, and it : is claimed that the microbes will hot interfere in the slightest degree with any 'other animals, such as sheep, cattle or marsupials, but that it can effect only rabbits, and poultry, tip to' Tuesday no' answer had' been ' sent to the isnfMeation w'as the ^^vernme^t '.hikve.pjt^y ^tide^lt witii iiw qiieition.. Xoir - 'and ' his paHy ato ait .present visiting the malleo districts of Victoria, in order to Beo the rabbit in.its natural state. \- With a loaded pistol at your head you would not trifle with a footpad. Why then trifle with diseaM^Hch is as often as much tohe drepdftl as the rtripn - who demands 'you^5ii(\ey '?wrJLour life,' wthjPs finger on the trigger. yRecolIfl^fthat a oouglrtrtbe harbinger of consumpllBn, tBSPfc 1 trifling kidney disorder may develop into BHght's Disease, both considered incurable maladies. Apply; the remedy while it is yet time, and remember that Wolfe's Schnapps is the best' preventive. — Adv. All the humbug that can' he-practised (says the: ^Border Post) wilf'xiot hide from the farmers of New; South Wales' the fact of tho distressed farmers of ! Victoria asking their Government the other day for a grant of '£150,000 to aid them t to hold their .own' wthTother producers' beyond their colony. The fact is protection has beggared the : Victorian farmers. and they are more like children than men to-day, being . wholly dependent on the Govern ment. ? ?' c ? '? ' ? ' :- Speaking iat^DeniliquIn on .Tuesday, Mr. G. R. Dibbs said the present Government was as corrupt as it 'was possible' for any Government to be. He .considered that the new .Land Bill will make settle ment impossible, and' that the Opposition will re sort to the most extreme obstruction in order to prevent It becoming law in its prcsont shape. In the ; Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night!, a return was placed on thq table of theHousoby ' Sir Henry Parkes, showing the past operations o' the expansive clauses of the Electoral Act of 1880. ; It appears that since the general eleotion of 1887 the following places will be entitled to an additional member, in consequence of tho growth, of popula tion, _pt the next general election Balmain roll 8686, three members, how entitled to four ; Cam* den' roll 5347, two members, now entitled to three ; Glen Innes roll 3040, one member, now entitled to two; The Maoleay' roll 3367,' one member, now entitled to two ; Newcastle roll 6153, two members, now entitled to threo ;' Paddington roll 8381, throe members, now entitled to four ; Richmond roll i 5439, two members, now entitled to three ; St. Leonards. roll 5807, two members, now entitled to three. The electorate of .Wentworth, with an electoral roll of 5617, would be capable of returning three members at the next general election. The electorate has been sub-divided by 51 Vic. No. 24 .into three electorates, each to roturn one member. The country is, therefore,- now able to return nine more members than at the last general election. I Probate was granted on Monday in the estate ' of the late Mr. Gregory Board, a very old resident of Sydney, and a largo owner of city property. The value of his estate was declared at £208,292. During the last few months of his life Mr. Board was feeble in intellect, and one of his sons declared that he was kept a prisoner by his housekeeper, who denied his relatives access to him, and went ithe length of shooting at the eldest son when he ?forced his way' into the ' house. ' The housekeeper, 'who was criminally proceeded against, is now undergoing imprisonment for the latter offence. It is understood that the property is distributed among Board's children. ? The agricultural returns of New South Wales for the year ending March 31 have been published. The area under cultivation continues to increase at a fair if not rapid rate, the total increase for the year being 69,204 acres, or about 7 por cent., making the area under cultivation 1,048,868 acres. The greatest portion of tho increase is devoted to wheat,, but owing to the reduced average yield compared with the unusually high yield of last year, the production of wheat is estimated at only 4,694,646 bushels, a reduction of 1,173,198 bushels as compared with 1887. This is, however, set off by an almost equally large increase in maize, the production of which is closo on 500,000,000 bushels. Oats and barley show a falling off, and the pro. duction of hay is on a greatly reduced scale, there being a smaller demand for it now that we have had a return of good seasons. Of other crops, potatoes, sugar, and tobacco show very largo increases. The unsatisfactory feature of the return is the low yield of 'wheat, it being 2*92 bushels per acre below the average of the last ten years. The estimated quantity of wheat this year is about 7,200,000 bushels. Advice to Mothers ! — Aro you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cut ting tealih! Go at once to the chemist andpet a bottlajpf ^ftnufCTih^ow's Soothinj^^jp. Vftvill relioTOlhe poorsJfferer immedictfelJ B'iJ^er fectly h^rmless^a&^pleasant to toflfppii yyyuces natural quiet sleep, by relieving tho chilcf from pain, and the little chorub awakes u as brijat as a button.' It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the be3t known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other : causes. . Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine Dealers everywhero.at l/lj per bottle.— Adv. ? . { . ^Th e Herald says it is highly probable that the Government, in order that the consideration of the estimates may be proceeded with iii the Legislative Assembly, will ask for an additional sitting day. Tho Premier and one or two of the Ministers are understood to be in favour of having matters of finance taken in hand at once, and this can only be done by asking for an additional evening or morn ing sitting. It is not unlikely that the Premier will invito the House to consent to a sitting either on Monday or Friday afternoons to deal with finan cial matters only. The estimates aud the legis lative proposals of the Government could thus be proceeded with simultaneously. A decision on tho matter will he arrived at in a few days. Tub. Premier says that the Government have .already pretty well decided that riile clubs are very, good things and ought to bo supported. The Government attached great value to the formation of rifle clubs throughout the country. The Minister for Lands has issued a circular to forest rangers to forward to him samples of timber treo seeds and seed vessels to send them to the Melbourne Exhibition. Robebt TnnowEB, employed on the railway line at Goulburn, has been committed for trial on a charge of indecently assaulting a girl aged 11, named Jane Daniels, who is a native of Gundagai. Next Melbourne Cup first prize to be £3000, second £600, third £300. Here is an example for the A. J.C. . . One of the most terrible railway accidents which have yet ' blackened the records of New South Wales occurredatH6mobu8h on Thursday evening, 29th ultimo, and through which a pretty girl of 7 years, named Nellie Woolley, and' a gatekeeper, named Isaac Werrill, lost their lives. About twenty miuutes to six o'clock Werrill noticed the child crossing the line close to the station, and knowing , that a train from Parramatta in addition to the 1 express from Sydney were due, he feared for the dhild?* safety 'and ran; tp .sava, her. t ? Breathless; he ; I reached the spot, clutched 'the child in bis arms,!i but wap not granted a second in which to, carry his' living freight out of. danger. Ab he feared; both trains, came along.. He avoided the express but the up train cut him to pieces, also killing the little girl on the spot. Werrill was terribly mutilated* his head being nearly severed from his body. He risked his life to save the child's — both were lost. Mb. W. C. Collins has been ' on a visit to the Snowball Copper Mine On behalf of a Sydney syn dicate, and is so well satisfied with his inspection that it is probable work will' be; started immedi ately. * ' ' ' ' * The Premier thinks that something like pressure 'ought'tb. be exercised, to induce .'districts to have large agricultural . shows,' instead of splitting the ' exhibitions up amongst a number of paltry towns. Valuable Discovery ^for the .Hair,— H,. your hair t is turning' grey or white, or falling off, 'use tho :| Mexicanfeftig.Itenewer, for it will^pMitivel^tn !| store jdrevery 4Rsogrey or white hair toitsoBgim^l I coloufTwlthout lAving the disagreeaU|^»}inof ; mbfll^TOtoreisI® 1 H makes, the hair charmfifcly ;' beautiful, as.well as promoting the growth ofithe I hair. on bad spots, where, the -glands are .not do j cayed. Ask your chemist for 'The Mexican Hair ' Renewor,' sold by chemists and perfumers every* ; whore at 3/6 per bottle. Wholesale dopot 33 Far* 1 ringdon road| England, London.— Adv. , A Westebn district correspondent writes:— Native bears aro very scarce In this distriot, having probably retired for a time into the .depths of the forest along the coast Old hands consider this to be a sign of the approach of an unusually wet and stormy winter in Victoria.— O. and M. AdvtrtUtr. The Hunter River Agricultural Society has ' decided to give a special prize 'of . five guineas for-'*' the best cavalry turnout, in addition to a jumping prize of £25, to be competed for at the exhibition in April next. The . residents of Cooma are petitioning the Government for a show, ground ; the former show ground having been taken for railvyuy purposes. 