NOTANDA. TUnis are some people -who profess to gauge a person's character by the bumps of his head ; others by the shape of the thumb or the configuration of the band; others by the foot; and I note that a gentleo man in Sydney has recently boon lecturing on the thie nose as an indicator of character, and giving delineations in accordance" with the peculiarities of this feature. With all these guides we ought to' be well able to read our neighbours' characters. Some people, by-the.way, are able to do that to their own satisfaction without any indicators at all. There is one advantage about the nasal theory. The organ is always open to inspooetion. A person who doesn't wish to " wear his heart on his sleeve for daws to peck at" can bide the bumps of his head, carry his handsin his pockets, or bury his foot in a No. 10. But his nose is always en evidence to betray him. A Roman, a pug, or a nez retrossed may dis cover his character to the learned in nasology at a glanee. I road however the other day of an inven tion which moulds the form of the nose to any shape the wearer prefers; so that there is still hope for those who wish to ward off impertinent scrutiny. This character.roeding business seams to me very much akin to the humbug of futurity.reading, and only a little loss mislhievous. The fences round the trees planted In the streets have been removed wherever the trees are sutficiontly grown to render it safe to do so; and the effect is pleasing beyond all expectations, the beet planted streets looking very attractive, and promising in a few more years to be positively beautiful. As the smaller trees still require proteootion, I may mention having seen light elegant iron_ frames or fences for the purpose, which would be far preferable to the ugly palings now in: use, and would be es pecially -suitable in cases where one or. two small protected trees occur at intervals in rows of the larger ones from which the fences have been re moved. While' it is apparent that'tree.plantlng is beauti Iying Goulburn, as it has beautified every other -town- where it has been praotised, a protest must be entered against removing trees in future on the \- application; of individuals. We have at different times had such applications from persons who fancied the trees interfered with their business, and the :conn'oil has complied. I dont believe this fancy well founded ;. and if our city is rendered pleasant and healthy by the presence of trees, why should selfishnoess destroy what has taken fore thought and expense on the part of the council to create? "A thing of beauty is joy for ever," says the poet; but no one says that selling an extra pound of cheese or pair of brooks is joy for ever. Cuttings, and embankments, and drains, and herb. stones, may interfere with business too; but no one dreams of asking for theirremoval; nor should they in the ease of trees, the planting of which is as much a mpunioipal work as any other improvement. If a man sells a pound of choose lees through the presence of trees, he gains a thousandfold by \- the diminished doctor's bill for his family. It may be said that if the removal is refused, the parties may destroy the trees. Lot the council firmly ro. solve that wherever a tree dice they will forthwith ,plant a new one and surround it with an extra large \- fence or hoarding, and we shall find the trees will be safe enough. SThe number of acceptors for the trot to take place \- to-morrow on the racecourse at Gundary is very far from being satisfactory to those who have worked so hard to. make the meeting a success.. Among the many classes or sets to be fouud,in (Goulburn there is one which does more to discourage legitimate sport than all the others combined. This is the one which says that Goulbnrn is the dullest place in the colony and that nobody ever tries to make any pleasure or promote social wellboleing; and the persons who compose this class are they who with hold their patronage from sports of all kinds, and at which they are conspicuous by their absence. Three or four years ago a movement was made amongst our townsmen towards erecting a pavilion in Belmore.squaro for the local band to play' in. -Monoy was subscribed and the aid of the borough "council was sought, and the matter went so far that competitive designs were advertised for and one was ¾ awarded the prize. However the amount of money promisead was not nufficient, and the whole thing fell through, which was a pity. Considering that. \- the prosperity of the city would be increased if it could be rendered more attractive to visitors than it now is, I ask would it not be well for the council Snow. to resume the consideration of the matter and either pay the whole cost from the rates or in their individual capacity take stops to raise the funds by k''ioane of concerts or a bazaar. It' is'ndoretood that an interchange of opinion has taken placeo between a number of members of the Assembly. with regard to the desirability of taking some united action towards the suppression of disorder. It was not deemed desirable to hold a general mooting of members in connection with the matter, but it is stated that a largo body of repro. seilnatives have determined to put down disorder in parliament by every means in their power. Well, if they will not up to this deter'mination some good \- may.comeo out of the recent scnndals. An old proverb s ays that whou things are at their worst they are \- sure to moud. This would give us some hope if we could. be sure we had touchelod bottom. But I fear \- tliat "in the lowest deep a lower deep still opens to devour " those good resolutions. - The Assembly has practically agreed in future not to sit: on Fridays. Now, if hon. members would ogroo to give up also the remaining three sitting days, there would be some prospect of pencd; and judging from past experience, the business of the country would go on just as well. I hear that one of the visiting crickoters was ondeavouring on Saturday night to conviuce one of our guardians of the peace that he was really a "gentlemen from England." His reason for so doing was that the constable had to reprove him for disorderly behaviour. Tho "gentleman" doubted the constable's ability to " take him." Your readers however will be satiefied on thiis point when I toll them it was our local "Samson" whom the English. man. was addressing. Ho would have caught a Tartar.in " Mao, hardy" follow so he thought li; hit slf. ::At' the recent Gunning show somo very novo' cbnmditionh were attaeolud to certain of the classes. For'listanco in one seotion, in which there was a class for," eggs," the schedule stated that all exhibits wow to bh tlh produceo of exhibitoir; and the same a_=b0ditiobziwas aunexed to another sootion in which '"' hbnsoy in coomb" figured nseonse of the exihibits. Thero Ihstbo be somoe remarkable men or woman down Gunning-way if they were oequal to the fulinmeont of ' this condition, So our worthy host of the White Horse has sold out, In whatever sphere of usefulness, he. may \- hesneforLth; move, he will hlave the good wishes of those. who have known him in his present business. And: !'we low" follows of the city welcome his eucoesser so a good and honest bonifaeoo, gaining onstemors and keeping them whoreover he has boon \- before. - , Apropoes of hotel.keeping, it may be intorosting to the friends of Mrs. Young, formerly landlady of the Clubhouse Hotel in this city and lately manageoross of-tho:Georgo in Sydney, to -know that she was :recently married to a gentleman in the railway do .Parimtent. As the lady in a singlo day.has ocased to b?i Young, let us wish that at least she may be happy :. Tlioe " miley.why " wrs distlnoctly discorniblo in Ollifford an?iid C'ewpor streets on. Tuesday mroming, the ctle?o hbelib, the boitiug of hlorses atlaoched to Stwo milk osarts, asid :the result the "wigtoring" of thoe stCiote twit nmilk'l . Goulburn is the past 'has hlad its ghost stories, beit sbe would have thoeght lhad out-grown them. ': Howover, it lhadileg boon jocularly mentioned that a ,eortain boarding.house in the city was haunted, two Sof tho lodgers of theo'malo persuasionl, actually weore frightened to slebp'thore I And this in the nine Steoutli contury I \- :iotitiored a woel or two age a remedy for the. nonoyance iunfllioted upon ler Majoesty's lieges by Sisuraneco hSgeolt aud boolek fiends. One of our suc. tionouers has sineo had printed a notice for his olllc \--to the effect that poison is laid for these gentry, and -sedoubt his exampli will bo gnoraselly followed, Let 'them beware of Gonlbtr-n; .. 