amusements. " HAMLET." The first Shakespearian revival since the theatre was worthily opened with ' Henry v."13 months ago was made at Her Majesty s on Saturday, when Mr. Gco. C. Slilii made his debut in Sydney ns Hamlet. It is, wo may nope, an augury ot Potter tilings m tuo luiure that this great tragedy has now beeu thrice produced by different managements siuce Juno last. Between that month aud the revival by the late Mr. W. K Sheridan, a year aud a-half had elapsed, aud Mr. Dumpier, a ster ling exponent of tho character, but ill- supported and handicapped by want of adequate stage accessories, is the only other actor who during the last live years has enabled the Shakespearian student to renew his acquain tance with the liamlct of tho English stage. For these reasons — that is to say, because the social life of our city must be considered in complete without the frequent performance of this, as of all tho greatest dramas that the English language eau boast — Saturday's repre sentation, though it cannot he welcomed with effusion, will be tlinukfully acknow ledged. This will ho especially the case with those who see the piece for the first time, and of such there arc, we suspect, always a great number iu nn Anstraliau audience. Regnlar playgoers who havo nti intimate acquaintance) with the' tragedy are always present in force on these occasions, aud iu their minds we doubt whether the consideration that " the play's the thing" will weigh to any great extent. They go to see a new actor play the name-part, and are less thankful for a good interpretation than critical as to one which claims to be, in tho accepted sense of the word in this connection, "great." ill'. Geo. C. Miln, though he frequently gained the applause of the house, was in this respect disappointing. His conception of the part calls for praise on the ground of some originality, aud ior its thought and con sistency, and his elocution is seldom less than good. After carefully following his inLerprotation wo are of opinion that he leans towards the explanation of Hamlet's character as that of u morbid mind " imbued with both the reality and the affectation of madness." This was the idea of Tboma9 Campbell, who remarked that such cases were not unknown in the history of mental aberra tion. Mr. Miln, however, lays a very unusual stress upon tho reality of the madness, and this fact gives some touch of freshness to his con ception. Unfortunately it immensely adds to the difficulty of Impressive interpretation. In' tlie case under discussion it has led the actor to exaggerate the gloom of a noble mind per vaded by a contemplative sadness into a savage moroseuess. There is thus no light and shade in the rendering ; the actor seldom stepped down from the stilts of tragedy, and, to quote one instance out of many, the direc tion to the l'layer as he follows Folonius, " Look you, mock him not" was given with a gravity and directness which quite robbed it of its humorous significance. This want of,variety of method manifested itself early, and the manner of the allusion to the dearly-loved king. "He was a niau," whilst the emphasis on the word was not wanting, for the new comer's elocution and iustiuct for the music of the verso Buldoin fail him, entirely suppressed the large-hearted enthusiasm which the audience had a right to expect. We much liked Mr. Miln's acting throughout the great ghost scene, where the devout attention to the spiritual utterances, the growing horror as the taio proceeds,. and the attitude as of one droop ing beneath the weight of such a dreadful revelation, were all well imagined. The actor here dees not cover his face with his cloak ; and the falling senseless to the ground, another departure from the beaten track, was an artistic climax to his conception of ttic scene. The great speeches were stirringly delivered, though too often with a view to popular applause and the frenzied scream and heavy fall at the exit of the Ghost towards the end of act 3 we can only regard as n direct appeal to the gallery. The n'ctv actor lias fineeyes and a piercing look, winch would bo more Effective were it not re sorted to so constantly as to be almost habitual, hut this action is characteristic iu an imper sonation which, iu spite ot the many good qualities here recoguisetl, must be described as extremely artificial. We have said nothing of the reading-, adopted by the artist, but they were verv numerous ; and in some cases, as when "scarlet'" was substituted for the ''sables," which Hamlet would prefer to wear " whilst the Vlevil wore black," the changed text sounded very foreign to English ears. Miss Louise Jordan's Ophelia showed fiuitfnl study. Like her com panion she was sometimes inaudible, but it is scarcely possible to get the " pitch" of a house at the first essay, aud both actors will probably do better to-night. There is not so much animation and contrast in the mad scene as some actresses contrive j the picture, however, though uniformly sombre, is forceful, and the exit3 ou both ot the well-known occasions were dramatic and original. Miss Jordau has a pleasing stage presence, uut uer American accent is sometimes painfully marked. Both the newcomers were warmly received and their efforts were gcneropsly recognised. Apart from the chief actors the most noticeable feature was the scenery, which was unusually beautiful. This was the case in two iustances. In the first act the solemn beauty of Elsinoro Castle, its grey turrets and gloomy archway dimly Ecen beyond a spacious court yard, provoked general admiration, and the like may he snid of the chief scene in act 6. Here the crimson gleams of sunset partially lighted a distant landscape view. The approach to the cemetery was along a raised road at the back ot the stage ; the illuminated window of the church porch was' on oue side and tho rustic entrance to the yard on the other, whilst the middle foreground was occupied by the graves with their ponderous stoue crosses. When the funeral procession was seeu passiug along tho road to the strains of a Gregorian chant tho great sizo of the stage and its very effective arrangement were made strikingly apparent. The play itself had been more than usually cut and the mutilations were ofteu aimless. Tho omission of the advice giveu by Polonius to his son was regrettable, and the wicked king's prayer for repentance might have been spared with advantage. The acting of the minor characters was fairly adequate. The very highest praise is due, however, to Mr. J. R. Grevilie for his " first grave-digger," iu which ho made the requisite impression of strong life with a robust insensibility to the horrors of death, and Mr. Joo Tolano, was acceptable as the other clownish knave. Mr. Stirling Whyte showed the loquacious simplicity, though not tho courtier manner, of I'olonius in au unaffected way, and Mr. A. L. Isaacson, though we have it against him (or \vas Mr. Miln responsible ?) that lie adopts the "fame-ennobled" Qiicen instead of the time-honored " mobled " Queen, delivered bis long speech with point and spirit. Mr. Walter Howe was unequal B3 Laertes, and though his challenge of the King was fiery, it lost some of its heat through being addressed to tho house iustend of to the character concerned. Mr. H. It. Jewett and Miss Emily Fitzroy made a handsome pair as King Claudius and Queen Gertrude, and both only need to import more byplay into their rendering to make it ac ceptable. The remaining .characters were allotted as. follows: — Ghost, Mr. Chas. Hall j Horatio, Mr. .T. W. Hazlitt ; priest, Mr. j. W. Sweeney ; Player Queen, Miss Athena Claudius. Courtiers : Rosenerantz, Mr. Edward Vincent; Guildenstern, Mr. C. B. Westmacott ; Osrie, Mr. Edward Funstono. Officers : Marcellua, Mr. Guyt'on Heath) Bernardo, Mr. Frank Harcourt. . . 