THE OUTLAWS OF TU.N STALL FOREST:* A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WORLD. Br ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Author of " Toeasore Island," Lta. BOOK I. THE TWO LADS. CHAPTER VII. THU H0OODD FAlS. They awoke in the grey of the morning; the birds were not yet in full song, but twittered here and there among the woods ; the sun was not yet up, hob the eastern sky was barred with solem,, colours. Hall starved and overweary as nhey were, they lay without moving, sunk in a delightful lasel tude. And as they thus lay, the clang of a bell fell suddenly upon their eard. 'A bell I' said Dick, s ttriu up. 'Can we be, then, so near to Holy woodl A little after, the bell clauged again, but this time semewhat nearer hand ; and from that time forth, and still drawing nearer and nearer, it continued to sound brokenly abroad in the silence of the morning. Nay, what should this betoken ' said Dlc), who was now broad awake. * It is some one walking,' returned Matcham, ' and the belt tolloeh over as he imoves.' ' I see that well,' said Dick. ' But whore fore ? What maketh he in Tuostall Woods ? Jack,' he added, ' laugh at me anye will, but Ilike not the hollow sound of it.' 'Nay,' said Matcham, with a shiver, 'it hath a doleful note. An the day were not come- SBut Just then the bell, quickening its pace, 'began to ring thick and unurried, and then it gave a single hammering jaogla, and was "alent for a space. SIt is as though the bearer had run for a pater.noster while, and then leaped the river,' Dick observed. ' And now beginnoth he again to pace soberly forward,' added Matcham. 'Nay,' returned Dick -' nay, not so soberly, Jack. Tie a man that walketh you right speedily. 'Tie a man in somne fear of his lfe, or about some hurried business. Seeye not how swift the beating drawoth near ' 'It is now close by,' said Matcham. They were now on the edge of the pit ; and as the pit itself was on a certain eminence, they commanded a view over the greater proportion of the clearing, up to the thick woods that closed it in. The daylight, which was very clear and grey, showed them a riband of white foot. path wandering among the gorse. It passed -some hundred yards from the pit, and ran the whole length of the clearing, east and west. By the line of its course, Dick judged it should lead more or leees directly to the Moat House. Upon this path, stepping forth from the t margin of the wood, a white figure now appeared. It paused a little, and seemed to look about; and then, at a slow pace, and I bent almost double, it began to draw .near across the heath. As every step d the bell clanked. Face, it had none ; a white hood, not even pierced with eye holes, veiled the head ; and as the creature moved, it seemed to feel its way with the tapping of a stick. Fear fell upon the lads, as cold as death. 'Aleper I' said Dick, hoarsely. 'His touch is death,' said Matcham. ' Let n us run.' 'Not so,' returned Dick. ' See r not t he is stone blind. He guideth him with a staff. Let us lie still; the wind bloweethi towards the path, and he will go by and hurt us not. Alas, poor soul; and we should t rather pity him.' 'I will pity him when he is by,' replied .Matcham. The blind leper was now about half-way towards them, and just then the suna rose and shone fall on his veiled face. lie had been a tall man before he was bowed by his disgusting sickness, and even now he walked with, a vigorous step. The dismal beating of his bell, the pattering of thesetick, the eyeless screen before his countenance, and the knowledge that he was not only doomed to death and suffering, but shut out for ever from the touch of his fellow men, -lled the lads' bonome with dismay;t and at every step that brought him nearer, their courage and strength seemed to desert them. As he came about level with the pit, he paused, and turned his face full upon the ' Mary be my shield I He sees us I' said Matcham, faintly. HuBeh I' whltperel Dick. ' He doth but hearken. He is blind, fool.' The leper looked or listened, whichever he was really doing, for some seconds. Then a he began to move on again, but presently li paused once more, and again turned, and seemed to gaze upon the lade Even Dick became dead white and closed his eyes, as if by the mere sight he might become infected. ' But soon the bell sounded, and this time, el without any fur'her hesitation, the leper h crossed the remainder of the little heath D and disappeared into the covert oft the a, woods, I " He saw us,' said Matcham. * I could ct swear it.' w ' Tut I' returned Dick, recovering some "sparks of courage. ' He but heard us. He w was in fear, poor soul. An ye were blind and walked in a perpetual night, ye would he start yourself, if ever a twig rustledor a bird 'o cried " Peep."' ' Dick, good Dick, he saw us,' repeated M Matcham. ' When a man horkeneth, be lroth not as this man; he doth other- tb wise Dick. This was seeing; it was not wi hearig. He means foully. Blark else, if bes bell be not stopped 1' Such was the case. The bell rang no r l.nger. "9 'Nay,' said Dick. ' I like nothat. Nay,' be cried again, ' I like that little. What lb -lay this betoken ? Let us go. by the mass I' ' He hath gone east,' added Matcham. mr -Good Dick, let us go westward straight. I shallnot breathe till I have my back turned we ulpon that leper.' .. 'Jack, y' are too cowardly,' replied Dick. el 'We shalft o fair for Holywoid, or as fair, sic at least, as I can guide you, and that will be due north,' qu They were afoot at once, passed the Xtream upon some stepping-stones, and ml began to mount on the other side, which was hl steeper, towards the margin of the wood The ground became very uneven, full of Pp 'knolls and hollows; and. trees grew seat. 10 ed or in clumpe; it beec~me diffiuolt to a0 eooe a path, and the lads somewhat wan- eq tied. They were weary, besides with lstelrday'e exertions and the lack of food, ot 'and they moved but heavily and dragged 8 their feet among the sand. Presently, coming to the top of a knoll, tl they wereaware of the loper, some hundred fteet in front of them, crossing the line of hit their march by a bhollow. His bell was a allent, his staff no longer tapped the ground,. .and he went before him with the swift and we semed footsteps of a man who sees. Next momenthe had disappeared into a little g .thiket. The lade, at the firet glimpee, had crouched behitnd a tuft olf gorse ; there they lay, horror- riv Itr?uck. ha SCertain, he parsneth us,' said Dick- aerstain I He heldthe olapper of his bell in co, one hand, saw ye, that it should not y sound. Now may the saints aid and guide be ,a, for I have no strength to combat peasti el lance I' 'What maketh he?' cried Matcham, ; What doth he want ! Who ever hoard the l 'lke, that a leper, out of mere malice, ., Should pursue unfortunatee HBath he no' he is bell to that very end, that people may an avoid him ? Dick, there is below this do opmething deeper.' o ' N·ay, I care not,' moaned Dick ; ' the strength is gone out of me; my legs are like el water, The saints be mine aseistance I' foi SWould ye lie there idle ?' cried Matcham. .h eseae u beak into the open. We have tbhe i better chance; he cannot steal upon as th lrawares.' ' Not I,' said Dick. ' My time is come, and peradventure he may pass as by.' ' Bend me thenyour bow I' cried theother. W What I Will ye be a man T' Dick crlssed himself. ' Would ye have me shoot upon aleper?' he ,ied. 'The hand would fail me. Ny, now,' he added-' nsy, now, let be I With sound men I will fight, but not with ghosts and lepers. Which this is, I woet not. One or other. Heaven be our protection I' 'Now,' said Matcbam. 'if this be man's rot eourage, what a poor thing is man I But cc sith ye will donought, let on lie close.' a Then came a single, broken jangle on the ere 'belt. Wj 'He bath missed hin hold upon the m slapper,' whispered Matcham. 'Saints, how si near be is I' "w But Dick answered never a word ; his teeth on -ere nearchattering. There is no man brave fro atl round; and the horror of this pursuit by co a hooded leper had found the weak place in hi young Shelton's armour. ci Boon they saw a pleca of the white robe ho between some bhathes, then the leper's head was thrust foirth from behind a trunk, and ris .Publshebd by special arrangemet with the le ltbor. be seemed narrowy to scan the netigbour hood before heonee again withdrew. To their stretched sensee, the whole bseh appeared D alive with rustlinge and the creak of twigs, and they heard the beating of each other's heart. Suddenly, with a cry, the leper sprang into the open close by, and ran straight upon the lade. They shrieking aloud, separated, and began to run different ways. But their horriole enemy fastened upon Matcham, ran him swiftly down, and had him almos I instantly a prisoner. The lad gave one scream that echoed high and far over the forest ; he had one spasm of struggling, and then all his limbs related, and he fell limp into his captor's arms. k Dick heard the cry and turned. He saw Ml Kutcham fall ; and on the instant his spirit ay and strength revived. With a cry of pity and anger he unstrung and bent his a arbanet. But ere he had time to shoot the leper held up his hand. o ' Hold your shot, Dickon I' cried a familiar voice. ' Hold your shot, mad wag. Know ye not a friend 1' And thoun laying down Matclam on the turf, he undid the hood from off his face, ty and diec oued the features of Sir Daniel id Brackley. ' Sir Daniel I' cried Dick. ' Ay, by the maas, Sir Daniel,' said the 'i knight. ' Would ye shoot upon your a guardian, rogue? But here is this-' And there he broke off, and pointing to Matcham, asked : ' How call ye him. Diets ' ' Nay,' said Dick. 'I call him Master t Matcham. Know ye him not ? He said ye knew him.' ' Ay,' replied Sir Daniel, ' I know the lad ; Sand he chuckled. 'But he has fainted, and, by my sooth, he might hlave had less to a Iint for. Hey, Dick ? Did I put the fear of death upon you ?' i oIndeed, Sir Daniel, ye did that,' soid Dick, and sighed again at the mere recollea. tcioe. 'Nay, sir., scving your respect, I had as slief a' met the devil in person ; and to speak truth, I am yet all a-quake. But what made ye, sir, in such a guise?' Sir Daniel's brow'grow suddenly black with anger. ' What made It he said. * Ye do well to mind me of it. Whato I skulked for my yoor life in my own wood of Tunetall, Dick. We were ill-sped at the battle ; we but got there to be swept among the root. Where be all my good mea-at-arms ? Dick, by the I [mass, I know not. We were swept down; the shot fell thick among us. I have not i seen one man in my own colours since I saw three fall. For myself, I came sound to Shoreby, and being mindful ,f the Black Arrow, got me this gown and bell, and came softly by the path for the Moat House. There is no disguise to be compared with it ; i the jingle of this bell would scare me the etouteet outlaw in the forest; they would all turn pale to hear it. At length I came by youand Matcham. I could see but evilly through this samn hood, and was not sure of you, being chiefly, and for many a good canuse, astonished at the finding you together. Moreover, in the open, where I had to go slowly and tap with my stave, I feared to I disclose myself. But see,' he added, 'this poor shrew begins a little to revive. A little good canary will comfort me the heart of it,' The knight, from undler his long dress, produced A stout bottle, and beg?n to rub the temples and wet the lips of the patient, who returned gradually to conscious- I t ees, and began to roll dim eyes from one to another. 'What cheer, Jack 2' said Dick. 'It was ino leper, after all It was Sir Daniel. See?' ' Swallowme a good draught of this,' said the knight. ' This will give you manhood. Thereafter, I willgive you both a meal, and we shall all three eon to 'llustall. For Dick,' he continued, laying forth bread and meat upon the grass, ' I will avow to you in all good conscience, it irks me sorely to be safe between tour walls. Not since I backed a horse have I been pressed so hard ; peril o: life, jeopardy of land and livelihood, and to sum up, all these losels in the wood to hunt t me down. But I be not yet shent. Some of t my lads will pick me their way home. Hatch hath ten fellows ; Selden, he had six. Nay, weshall soon be strong again ; and if I can but buy my peace with my right for. tunate and undeserving Lord of York, why, I Dick, we'll bea man again and go a horse. back.' And, so saying, the knight filled himself ac horn of canary, and pledged his ward in dumb show. i Selden,' Dick faltered-' Selden--' and I he paused again. Sir Daniel put down the wine untasted. u t 'How?' he cried, in a changed voice. I. ' Selden--peak. What of Selden ' 1 Dick stammered forth the tale of the ambush and the massacre, The knight heard in silence; but as he I listened, his countenance became convulsed e with rage and grief. 'Now here,' he cried, ' on my right hand I 1I swear to avenge it I If that I fall, if that 1 a spill not ten men's souls for each, may this a hand wither from my body ? I broke this m Duckworth like a rush ; I beggared him to hisa door. I burned the thatch about his head ; I drove him from this country ; and now cometh he back to beard met Nay, but, Duck I wortb, but this time it shall go bitter hard i' e He was silent for some time, his face working. - Eat,' heb.ried suddenly. 'And you here?' 0' he added to Matcham, 'swear me an oath to 'ollow straight to the Moat House.' 'I will pledge mine honour,' replied H Matcham, 'What make I with your honour?' cried b the knight. Swear me upon your mother's welfare I' Matcham gave the required oath ; and Sir ev Daniel readjousted the hood over his face,and prepared his bell and staff. To see him once In more In that appalling travestie somewhat in revived the horror of his two companions. But e the knight was soon upon his feet. 'Eat with a despatch,' he said, ' and follow ar me yarely to mine honse.' And with that he set forth again into the woods ; and presently after the hell began to A sound, numbering his steps, and the two lads eat by their untasted meal, and heard it die c slowly away up hill into the distance. ' And so ye go to Tunetall ' Dick in. quired. 'Yea, verily,' said Matchbam, ' when needs rni must I am braver behind Sar Daniel's back lb than to his face ?' Di They ate hastily, and eat forth along the path through the airy upper levels of the be forest, where great beeches stood apart among green lawns, and the birds and m' squirrole made merry on the boughs. Two hours later, they began to descend upon the other aide, and already among the treetops, m saw before them the red walls and roofe of n Tunetall house. 50 ' Here,' said Matcham, pauneing, ' ye shall to take your leave of your friend, Jack, whom nO y' are to see no more. Come Dick, forgive him what be did amiss, as he, for his part, cheerfully and lovingly forgiveth you.' SAnd wherefore so?' asked Dick. 'An rej we both go to Tonstall, I shallsee you yet all again, I trow, and that rightoften.' tu ' Ye'll never again see poor Jack Matcham,' replied the other, 'that was so fearful and Ht burthensome, and yet placked you from the mi river ; ye'll not see him more, Dtck, by mine ov honour.' Ehe beld hise arms open, and the lads embraced and kissed. ' And, Dick,' contirnued Matcham, ' my sapirit bodeth ill. Ni Y' are now to see a new Sir Daniel; for Nt beretofore hath all prospered in his hands So exceedingly, and fortune followed him ; but now, methlotke, when his fate hath come th upon him, and he rans the adventure of hie life, he will prove but a fool lord to both of by us. He may be brave in battle, but he hath the liar's eye; there is fear in hie eye, Dick, ne and fear is as cruel as the wolf. We go i down into that honuee, Saint Mary guide us pa forth again.' And so they continued their descent in silence, and cameout at.I ast beforeSir Daniel's or forest stronghold. where it stood, low and shady, flanked with round towers and atined let with moss and lichen, in the lilied watereof the moat Even as they appeared the doore th were opened, the bridge lowered, and Sir Os Daniel himself, with Hatch" and the p parson at his side, stood ready to receive them lit 