THE LIBYAN: AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. Chapter V.—A Pagan Hermit, Old and Gray.—( Continued.) The bloodless bands • were clasped upon the anoient's aching breast, the noble grey head was bowed with- hopdesa sorrow, the weary eyeB seemed dim with long and bitter angaiah, AriuB gazed npon him with astonishment and sympathy. Then the grand gifts of every born minister of Christ, the missionary's yearning to instruct, the. physician's longing for the . power to heal and to strengthen, moved in the boy'B heart, and once more he Bprang to his ' feet, and with extended hand that quivered with emotion like the python's tongue, and tearful, Bcintillant eyes, and head bent forward from the long, lithe neob, and a strange thrill in his vibrant musical voice, he cried—"Who shall deliver thee ? Surely Jesus Christ, our Lord.' He saveth even unto the uttermost all that come unto God by Him. Believe and live." " So, so," said the ancient, in tones of hope less weariness,- "Believe and live. Believe and live. * He that believeth on me shall never die. He that believeth on me, though he were dead, yet shall he live again,' 0 new, strange \- faith, hidden through all the dynasties like the Nile's undiscoverablevource, yet ever hinted at in the few. high, arid, half- intangible truths in which the priests of Ra believed. What if it be true 1 What if the spiritual dualism of the firBt cause, which the priests gradually elabo rated into the splendid pageantry and elegant mysticism of Hesiri-Hee, and the offspring HoruB, has at last become an actual truth by the incarnation of the spiritual son of the one God that iB necessarily, a: spiritual hermaphro dite ? Through the long oenturies the priests secretly sneered at the polytheisms which they taught to the people, and they did believe in one God that was utterly unknown to the maBBes of mankind, for whom they had neither name nor symbol; and they conceived him to be a dual entity, containing in hfmself the fulness of double , spiritual-sexhood; and they stood in awe of some grand revelation which ; ~ they supposed would sometime be made to mankind when this one, almighty, hermaphro dite Bpirit should ' beget'with one side of his spiritual nature and ' conceive'with the other, and incarnate its son in flesh, and save man by aBsnming human nature. . This they saw . foreshadowed in Hesiri-Hes; this was the my Btery which the priests perceived in every Apis the emblem of one 'hidden' like the fountains of the Nile; for in the hieratic language Hapi, which is 'hidden.' signifies both the sacred river and the sacred bull; for . this they prepared the mummy that a body might be ready for the returning soul when •the hidden' should be revealed; this, the sacred Bcaratsei dimly intimated, and this was the.secret mystery that lurked beneath'the veil of Hes tbat 'no mortal hand hath lifted.' Some Buch glorious revelation must have flitted past Greek. Plato's vision, when he longed for a . clearer statement of the will of God to men, and prophesied the coming man. This was the grand thought of Mobes, the monotheist, when in the Bame breath he denounced all form3 of poly theism, and yet designated the one God whom he worshipped by a name which is the plural \- .number of a Hebrew noun and, as if be had forgotten the presence of Alius altogether, whosat listening to this strange monologue with silent wonder, the anoient continued the unconscious utterance of his fervid medita tions. " So hath it been throughout the world with every ancientest form of all original myths; for while Assyria and the Medo-Per , jsians and other comparatively modern nations, and afterward the Greeks and "Romans, bor rowed only the lower, vulgar forms-which the • Egyptians had fashioned for popular use,; in \- 'China Chang and Eng Bymbolissd the original conception of one dual God that afterward . degenerated into anthropomorphism; and in India . Indra and Agni, a primitive conception that antedates Brahma, Siva, and \- Vishnu by countless centuries, and is the i burden of the ancientest and uncorrnpted Rig . Yeda, bears unequivocal testimony to the same primitive conception: and the Buddhas ' taught that they were, perhaps believed them . selveB to be, earthly manifestations of the .. spiritual self: conception of-one dnalGod; for . .poly theism. was never the original form of any Erimitive nation's faith, and every people that egan with paganism borrowed from some . older, nation in which the original faith had .' . already been" - degraded. -Strange! most strange! Oh,.if it.could be. proved 1 If it could only ba praved that; JeBua of tlazareth is, ,..in.very .truth, ,-^he incarnation of that whian was to be '' begotten' • and 'conceived' of the one final Gofi, and born of a woman . into the world, how; grandly would the fact Vindicate the primitive utter ance^ 0f all human faith, and translate its v^gue but splendid dreams into a glorious reality! It must be true 1 Surely it must be true 1 For among Egyptians, Chinese, In dians, and Jews this original faith-preceded all idolatries Then, buried in profoundest meditation, the old man ceased to speak, But after a time he roused himself, and, looking upon the astonished youth, he Baid, "And thou be lieveBt all this 1 thou hast ' never been such an idiot as to doubt it!' Happy art thou, boy, if thou shalt preserve unfalteringly and un queBtioningly thy serene and all-reliant faith." But the lad's sturdy independence of thought asserted itself, and he answered, "Nay, sir; I have professed faith in none of the things of which thou epeakest, I. believe in one God /and in Jeans Christ, Hia only-begotten Son, and in the Holy Ghost. I believe not in Hesiii-Hes, nor in Chang, and Eng, nor in Indra and Agni, nor in any gods which Moses denounced as falsest -idols.- Nor in Jupiter, nor Yenus, nor Mars, nor in any - of the:gods that came into fashion with the heathen .long since MoseB died.". The ancient smiled approvingly, and replied , —" Thou art altogether in the right, my son. Many of the gods, in which the . nations believe were born long after1 the records kept by the Egyptian priests began, but all were born of .'the myths which Egyptian, Chinese, and -Indian priests wove about thejrand, primitive conception of one dual God. The idolaters of other lands received in' various forms the mythologies which the priests wove about the most ancient Bimple faith, which was primarily the same for all, only • the children of Abraham refused to add any thing to the original conception, clinging obstinately to the primitive'monotheistic idea; and yet Moses designates the one God' by his name of Adonai, the plural number of f a Hebrew noun;-and when the one God speaks of Himself He UBes the words' we,'' our,' and 'us;' Let us make man.in our own image and likeness. Though seest that it would be con trary to reason that the original, utterance of every faith should be the affirmation of God., that was one, and. yet more than, one, .unless the Divine Being iB spirituaUy. hermaphrodite, having a double spiritual sexhood, -Thou seeafc that, u this were hot so,' Moses could hot have . used the'plural number to designate ohe God. . Thou seest that, if it'were not so, the only act" possible to God would have been creation, not generation; and thy faith in 'the only-begotten Son' must have been false; and the very ancientest forms of faith would have been demonstrated to be merely impossible falsehood—impossible because there can not be a falsehood which does: not originate in and grow out of a truth, for falsehood'ia a perversion or misconception of the truth; for falsehood is not that which hath no existence^ but-is the wrong statement or conception of that which doth exist. If it were not so; my son, thy. faith in.God-the Father, Son, and *Holy Ghost would be merest polytheism, for three are hot one, nor is one three; but the three may be one divine nature and family.' For the one God was alwayB conceived of by the primary faith as a dual being, possessed of 'both elements of spiritual sexhood perfectly; and ' begotten' is a proper thing to say of one side of the dual God, and 'conceived' is a proper thiDg to Bay of the other; and bo thou mayst believe, without any imputation of polytheism, in ChriBt, as a being ' begotten,' not created ; ' conceived,' not made. Would that I knew that Jesus of Nazareth is he!" " This learning is entirely new to me," said the lad. " Perhaps it iB higher than I am yet able to comprehend. I believe in just pre cisely what the gospels Bay, no more, no lesB; that Jesus is the Christ, only-begotten Son of God, conceived of the Holy Ghost* before there was a creation, and born of the Virgin into the world long after God by him had made all things that are created. But, with thy pro found knowledge of all these mysteries, how is it that thou thyself dost not-believe? Who and what art thou, thou ancient, learned, yet unhappy man, whom may our Lord soon bless and save 1" " I love thee, boy, but I am old, and now too weary to talk more with thee. Wilt thou not. come unto me again ? I desire to live in seclu sion as I have done for years,- and beg of thee to speak of me to none; but come againthyself whenever thou canst." " I will return upon the seventh day hence," said Arius, " and speak of thee to none except \- my father's family, and thou wilt not be an noyed by them. And so fare-thee-well, sir, and may the peace of God come upon thee." "Amen," said the ancient, " and'farewell." 