Peculiar Legs. Much has been written and said of wo men's indebtedness to art for their com plexi?.s, their forms, their hair, and in numerable other charms, but what of men ? Last winter a number of society girls, and even some of the married women of a certain city were in an excitel flutter over a nev beau in their set. He was a young fe?olw, well introduced, with apparently plenty of means, and always clad in tine and fashion able raiment. He was neither bright nor witty, but good-looking, of the mysterious melancholy, swarth-akinned, dark-eyed type, and oh my I what a fisure he had I He was tall, with superb chest and shoulders, and the most symmetrically moulded limbs imagin able. He was impressed with his own per eonal attractions, and managed to convey a similar impression to the females of his ac quaintance. Before the end of the season Walter Bald win-such was the enchanter's name-was engaged to old Moneybag's daughter, and her mother gave a grand fancy coatume ball in honor of the event. Walter ordered a magnificent Rime) costume, in which his figure would be displayed to the best advan tage, and also a pearl girdle for his financ$s, who of course would impersonate the ill fated Juliet. When the night arrived the two lovers were conspicuous people in the large assembly, and Jaliet the most envied of her sex. Through the mazas of the dance she swept with aproud air of posses sion. Suddenly, while resting in a secluded corter, she heard a suppressed titter, and then the voice of a lady friend, "See, George, don't Mr. Bald win look funny?' Juliet followed their gaze. This creature she had made a sort of hero of was dancang with a languorous, easy grace ; but, alas! h a legs I Instead of the well-rounded calves being in their proper places, they were re versed, and as the dancer moved in the lancers that particular part of his plisique shifted up and down his shanJk. At hat the music ceased, and Walter conducted his partner to a s-at in one of t1,e drawing rooms, where some twenty people were sit ting and standing about. Everyone smiled mockingly as lie seated himself beside her. H s betrothed's brother, a lad of eight tender years had been allowed to watch the dencers, an-l stood in the centre of the room idly gizing around him. Then, all in a moment, his eyes grew large with wonder, and his shrill, high- pitched voice fell upon the peaceful, pleasant assembly. "Oh, my I Mr. Baldwin, what peculiar legs you have I" It was a cruel str:ke to give a poor devil, espec:ally a would-he hero. Walter gave a start and wilHly glanced at his lower ex tremities. His dark skin turned a ghastly white, and as soon as possible he crept humbly away. L'ter, when his crest fiilen lady had dis robed, she found a note caught in the meshes of her girdle, wlzi.h evidently had been written by the costumier and intended for Walter "I made your chest two itches broader, and your legs proportionately larger. B sure to adjust the calves with care, as they are new patents." The following morning the betrothed Adonis received this message, inalosed with a few lines from his former fiane?e-"Cotton has gone down in the market and patents are always risky. When I care to invest in either I will let you know. Until then do not call," " The horse is a noble animal, and very useful to man." The above is a quotation from an ancient legend in a school book that used to engage my attention at a very early age. In my youthful days I lived in a country district, and all the callow youths in the neighborhood used to sport a horse, just the same, as in towns, our budding legisla tors or burglars sport a short pipe, and cul tivate an effusion of spittle. I bought a horse from a syndicate consist ing of five shareholders, who had dis agreed as to who and when each was to ride him, it being settled by Tommy Pocket wip ing out all the members of the firm one after another-(they were much smaller than he)-and selling the horse to me at the rate of five shillings a leg, two shillings cash, the balance by time payments, which, I regret to say, were never paid up, as the horse died within a week, and I squared Tommy with a bag of marbles and a toy pistol. After purchasing what I fondly imagined to be a future Cup winner, I took him home, and, knowing that kindness to dumb ani mals is the way to make them fond of you, I stuffed him with bran and chaff till his abdo men resembled a balloon, and I had serious thoughts of putting a surcingle round him to prevent him going through the roof of the stable. By the time he had finished feed ing, a lot of boys came round, and persuaded me to get on him. This, I may remark, was my first trip on horseback. I led him out, saddled and bridled, and amidst shouts of " Bravo, Tommy ! Stick to him !" and so forth, with the aid of ai washing-tub turned upside down, I made a spring for the saddle. I must have got up too hurriedly, for when I went to take my seat the horse had shifted. Subsequent examinations of my noble charger's hind-quarters showed that he had been made a pin-cushion of ; his noble haunches fairly bristling with pins. Assisted by some of the boys, all of whom solemnly swore they never had a pin about them--and it wasn't them--I seated myself firmly in the saddle. A heavy cough on the part of my charger-probably induced by the overfeeding I had given him-sent me into the family slush bucket, and I was carried inside the house a greasy wreck. I used to loan him out to the boys after that, and le had a pretty lively time of it. I think it hastened his end, as they used to start on him about five in the morning, and knock off at twelve at night, without any interval for meals. His end I have men tioned, but not the manner of it. He had been out for fourteen hours without refresh ments, and the boys had turned him loose in the back yard. He staggered round, sniffing amongst some shavings for an old cabbage stump or two, and, not finding one, I think it broke his spirit, for he looked round in a heartbroken, injured kind of way, laid down, gave a groan, and threw up the ghost. I have never owned a racing steed since. * The knowledge that I thus acquired of the noble animal has since stood me in good stead, and I have always been an authority on all matters connected with the turf amongst my friends, and they relied on my racing tips with a steady and unwavering faith that was positively touching, netwith standing that I never even gave them a placed horse, but I used to give them the tip so much after the style of the Herald and Sport.mran that they were perfectly satisfied that nothing but a fluke prevented them from winning. I used to say if " Tambour Major " was meant, hecouldn'tlose, but I'd put something on " Tiger Cat" if he started ; "Jump ing Frog " is also very dangerous ; and if " Lady Snell," " Tom Jones,"or"The Par son" started I should back them for a few pounds. I managed to get them so mixed up, by naming nearly the whole of the horses in the race, that I could easily point out that I told them the winner would waltz in if he was only on the job, and in doing this I was only following in the footsteps of the sporting prophets. But I have given even that up now. My last experience with the noble quadruped was on Cup day before last. In an unguarded moment I had promised a friend to make, in company with my wife, two of a party of four' to drive down to the Cup. I was to be the driver, my friend undertaking to hire a horse and double-seated buggy for the occa sion. At the appointed hour we started, and with much secret misgiving I handled the ribbons. All went well for a mile or two out -I didn't see how it could go otherwise, for I only drove at the same rate as a funeral procession. " Touch him up," suggested my friend. " Everybody is passing us." I remarked that cruelty to horses was only the crime of asses. "Oh i do, for gracious sake, go faster," said my wife pettishlly. "All the races will be over before we get there." Igave him a gentle flick with the whip, which only caused him to whisk his tail about an inch, amd he took no more notice of me than if I had been a member of Parlia ment. Another half-mile was negotiated in about fifteen forty, and my friend sang out, "Stop him, Jeff; me and the missus will get out and walk. We'll see you later on. I'll tell you who wins the Cup. You'll be there time enough to see the last race." I was about to remark that it was the pace that kills, when 3Irs. W., in her impe tuous way-she's often taken like that seized the whip, and rained a shower of vio lent blows on our impassive charger. Round went his caudal appendage like the sails of a windmill, and one more than usually vio lent whirl caught the reins, and his tail shut down on them like a rat-trap. I tried to pull them free, but he held on like grim death to the traditional nigger ; and you never saw such a change in a horse in your life. Hec charged down the road like one of the six hundred. Thie women screamed; my friend, with the chivalry of a man who had been married for five and twenty years, jumped out of the buggy, leaving his wife in my charge; and I tugged at the reins, vainly striving to lift that iron-bound tail of his. It was all over in one act ; right ahead was a heavily-loaded dray looming down on us. All the people in front of me cleared off the track to allow us room for passing, but there was no room for the dray to clear out, and crash ! spatter ! bang ! and it was all over ! I don't remember anything else for nearly a month, by which time I was being wheeled about the garden in a bath-chair, with the wife attending me. She hadn't been hurt, luckily, and it was two months longer be fore I was able to resume my usual occupa tion. In conclusion, I remark that the horse may be a noble animal, and very useful, etc., etc., but he has never been of any use to me; and I don't think I shall ever go nearer to his hindquarters than twenty-five feet, as then only shall I feel safe from him. 