STORY TELLER. Life 100 Years Ago. 'Was ycur Cither an Admiral,' I asked . fit length. H# stared for n moment und ' I !i»?ii burst out Jaugliing. Of courso lio . r.l'.vays laughed at everything. Years ' f.ftc'vward I asked him how it wns lie (lid i.:it lope patience with so nmeli iyiioinnco. 'Iy;B0 patience?' he asked, in lii;i s i 1 1 X, deliglitfnl wny, 'It all helped to inaku mo love you the more madly.' Xou', it was not such very great i^nor nnce after nil, because I had heart! of admirals who were knighted. It v.as natural for mc to think that all men who were called sir were admirals. There is one tiling which lio woman can ever understand — what it is in her, and her alone, that makes a mail fall down j nnd worship her. I wns the most .simple | nnd ignorant. of. country girls nnd lie wns fi gentleman. Yet he risked the hgppi ? ness of his whole life on the chance that I ' should become what he imagined me to be ulrcadv. My heart sinks still with a f:ort .oniumilintion to think how unworthy of that trno and loyal gentleman I was. You will see presently of what things 1 was capable. Wo went home at length, hand inlinnd, across the fields. 'Will said nothing to Dan, and wc bad our tea just as usual, only 'thnt. I was silent. ? In tho evening 'Will went out, accom panied by tiie two boys. I had quite for gotte-i about Joshua and wondered a little at his leaving me. It was dark when they came back. Wll had Jtls left hand tied round Willi n pocket handkerchief, his right eye was black aud lie bad got a gash across liis . cheek. He liud been lighting Joshua Meech, nnd lie had left, as I afterward ? learned, that hero senseless on the ground. Jcphthah— or wns it Job?— announced tho battle and its results. 'lie be give Joshnn a drubbing,' he said, with o cheerful chuckle. ? ? Now, no one in that house bore Joshua Buy grudge, ami yet at the news wo all congratulated ourselves and the victor. I urn almost ashainad now to think that Will wns more glorious in my eyes than ever. ' There could be no fiddling that evening, and Dan had u double ration of brandy punch. ?? A flglit in those days wns n mero episode in a mail's life. It might oecnr at any moment. Everybody fought, und a gen tleman learned boxing as a part of his education. Hut I wns anxious that there should be no hail blood, nnd the next day 1 went ever lo the mill to sec Joshua. 'His face wns a good deal more battered than Will's. It wns evident that he had takon punishment manfully. He asked me to go into his own room for a talk. 'It is your politeness, I suppose,' I be gan, 'that makes you flght n strange gen tleninnV' 'What's a fight?' lie replied. 'That's nothing nelthor to him nor to me. He's a well plucked one, he is, as ever handled n pair of fists. Which makes it worse.' 'What is worse, Joshua?' 'Now, no more fooling, Pleasance. You listen to me. No good conies ol young gentlemen dangling with youug girls. Hesides, I won't have it. He's got to go.' 'You won't liavo it?' 'No,' ho said, banging his hand on the table. 'I won't have it. There! You've got to oo my w lie. 'I've got — to — be — your wife?' 'Of courso you have. I've told Dan long neo. Why, I've been saviug up for It these ten years. Next Easter Sunday I mean to marry you.' I only stared. j-. 'Don't think, Plensance, that a man can't love a girl because ho hasn't got his month stuffed with line words. Uar! it makes one sick to think of it. I've loved you since you were a child. And lie shall go.' 'He shall not go, Joshua,' I said. 'And I wilt never, never marry you. Re member that.' 'He shall go,' ho said firmly. 'One way or the other, he shall go. Don't make mo desperate, Pleasance. He shall go. Now you know what to expect, be have accordingly.' I sprang to my feet and rushed out of the cottage. The man's set lips and steady eyes frightened me. ' I told Will; but ho laughed at my fears. What was Joshua to him? At the most, there coul'd only be another flght. , Joshua came no more to the farm, and I did not see liim again till the trouble came upon me and mine. And now I must leavo the pleasant time, when every day brought somo new liappinoss and some fresh brightness with It, and come to the story of that trouble. It was partly my own fault. One day — we had been sailing to Lad ram bay aud back in the little boat ; wc . had just beached her. and wero sittiug on the pebbles hand in hand. ' 'What does Dan do, ' ' asked Will, ' 'with two- boats?' 'The Chnco Mary Is the fishing boat,' I replied; 'tho Dancing Polly is for the runs to France.' 'The what?' cried Will. 'The runs over for the brandy, ynt know. Why, she is the fastest boat that ever crossed the channel.' Will listened with a bewildered face. Presently he laughed. 'So Dan is a smuggler, is he? Crafty old man I' 'Why,' I said, with pride, 'everybody knows that Dan is the boldest smuggler along the coast. They've given up trying to catch liim now.' 'Oh! And Job and Jephtlmh?' 'They go, too, of course.' 'Aud — and the jealous amoroso, Don Joshua, does he go, too?' 'Yes, lie goes, too. Thev all four go.' Will whistled. 'Shade of my sainted father!' ho said, 'was it for this that you brought your eon up in pious hatred to the illicit traflie which interfered with your own gains?' I did not understand one word of what he said. 'I will explain,' he said. 'My father made his fortune niul mine chiefly by rum. Hum is a rival to brandy, tlreat numbers of tho happy children of Ham — who, as my mother believes, are by di vine ordinance subject to the children of Japhet — toil iu Jamaica fur the. house of Campion & Co. We provide the British ' public with red roses, speckled noses, bottle noses, gout and chalk stones in the hands. That is our work in tho world. \Vo flog slaves in order that Britons may get drunk on health giving rum. And wo pay duty. What are wo to think of a man who runs over brandy, which may be sold cheaper than rum, ami is moro wholesome? How do you think I have been trained to regard such u man? And now to feel that I havo not only been staying iu such a man's house, but that I am engaged to his adopted daughter, and that daughter the sweetest girl iu tha world! I July Campion, what will you eaytoit?' CHAPTER 111. A LUCKY r.UN. : Ff'om the moment Will heard about tho smuggling he b;-gau to get restless. He would follow Dan down to the beach ^^^^^^wM^^ooke^afte^hHwats. I knew that he was pumping 'Dan's ad ventures out of him— a process by no lucans difficult. Dan's anecdotes wero chiefly of narrow escapes — not from rev enue cutters or privateers so much as from sea fogs. Once in a thick fog lio nearly put straight into Bridport harbor, there' being at tho time only n light breeze from the southeast, and a revenue cutter armed and manned lying within tho two piers, ready to give him and his cargo u warm welcome. Another time ho had to heave overboard tho whole ot his cargo almost under the very nose of his pursuers. He knew the whole of tho French coast, from Dunkerritie to St. Malo, and was known in every port. Ho would drop along the shore, hugging tho land, so as to look as much as possible like a fi-hing smack, till he arrived at his ?lest ination: when, you may be sure, ho took very little time to load aud go away again. Or there were tales of heavy seas and stiff sou' westers. Dan was 00 years of a^e or thereabouts at this time, and his memory carried liim back for half a century of smuggling. His father before liim, anil his grandfather before him, had lieen ycoflien of Itousdon, like himself, nnd. like' himself, mainly dependent oa the illicit trade. Now, there was hardly anything moro likely lo excite the imagination of a town bred youth than n tale of a successful nnd hazardous run. The romance, such as it was, of highwaymen was over. There were still plenty of them, nnd they were always hanged when they were caught, so that they were not without some glory, lint, considered as heroes, they had had their day. The degenerate successors of Claude Duval were cither desperate mur derers, like the Blacks of Waltham, or they were poor, commonplace, ragged footpnds. But the smuggler— the man who encountered the dangers of war, of storm nnd of the revenue officers — w.:s still a hero. So that Dan leaped at once, iu the estimation of Will, from a good natured, cheorful old sailor to tho level of a soa king; nnd this despite tho young man's early training nnd prejudice. Then came evenings in which after the violin had discoursed, we sat round tho fire and talked of nothing else but old trips and their results. Countless were lhe questions put by Will — questions as to tho French const, the French people, their ways, and their manners; as to tha boat, and the navigation of the Channel; as to the danger nnd the delight of running lif teen knots an hour, everything made snug and taut, carrying all canvas, with heavy seas washing over the gallant little craft. I never thought what might hap pen. I had lived so long in an atmos phere of carelessness to danger tlint 1 had quite ceased to believe iu any danger. And when Will begged Dan to take liim, too, when he made another run, I laughed ami clapped my hands to think how ho would enjoy it. Dan made difficulties, no said it wns not n young gentleman's work; thnt his lady mother might get to bear of it: that things might happen; that lie would never be easy in his mind afterward if anything did happen. Finally, over-persuaded by the eagerness of the young man, ho ac ceded to his request. We were then in tho cold evenings, about the middle of October, and in the last few days of a waning moon. Tha weather was line and open, with a steady southwesterly breeze springing up most nights toward sunset, and lasting till lato tho next morning. Dan went over to tho mill to consult with Joshua, who read ily resigned his place to Will, ou tho con dition of his not losing his place in the profits, should the venture be successful. I took this kindly of Joshua. I thought ho must havo passed into a better frame ot miud, although ho had not been onco to the house since tho day ho threatened Everything being arranged and the weather favorable, they went on board at 8 in the morning. I wns in the dingy, carrying things backward and forward for them, and when Dan wns satisfied that nothing had been forgotten I dropped into the little boat nnd sat in it watching the Dancing Polly !i':ip out of the bay and glide into the darkness, while Will leaned over the taffrail and waved a fare well to mc. It was nothing unusual for me to sleep alone in tho house. There was no danger of robbers in so secluded a spot as lious don, nnd there was always a sense of pro tection in the fact of old Isaac Agus and liis wife sleeping in the cottage hard by. I had no fears for myself. Only, some how, things wero different now. I had left off thinking of myself and thought all day nnd night of Will. That night, for the ilrst time, I wns timid. I thought of the little boat saiiiug across the black ( 'iiiel to the enemy's coast. I con I up tho dangers. Bonaparte might c.itcii them. He was at Boulogne then, preparing for tho invasion of England with every ship, craft, boat of any kind which lie could collect together. The Dancing Polly might be captured by a privateer; thev might be arrested on the French coast; they li'isht be wrecked. I thought of every danger except the one most likely to happen — that they might ?neet their difficulties on the return voy age. For the -first time iu my life I was afraid, aud while I sat before the lire con juring up the ghosts of possible disasters I heard a step outside, tho latch was lifted, and Joshua Meech showed himself at tho door. I thought he had been drinking. His eyes were haggard aud bloodshot — tlioso eyes of his which were too close together and too small; his face was distorted and his fingers worked nervously together. 'They are gone?' he asked, iitting on Dan's settle, with n sort of groan. 'Yes,' I replied, fearing ho wns come for no good. 'They put out at 8. Now, Joshua, if you have anything to say havo done with it at once and go.' 'I'vo got this to say,' ho replied hoarsely. 'I've been trying to put you nut of my mind nnd I can't. Who's Mr. Campion, that he's to come here nnd tako nway my girl?' 'I never was your girl, Joshua.' 'You should have been. I'd set my heart on it. And you shall bo yet. There never was a thing that I wanted as I did not get. I've always looked to marry you and nobody but you, and I will yet.' 'Will you?' I laughed. 'Never!' 'Don't think I shall lie an unkind hus band, my pretty!'' he said with a sudden I'hango of voico mid manner. 'I lovo you loo well. I shall wrap you tip warm and give you nothing to do only to make your self happy.' 'Now, Joshua,' I said, 'go! This is enough foolishness for one night. I am going to marry Mr. Campion. Do you iienr? I am going to be his wife.' 'If you won't listen to fair words,' ho said, springing to his feet, 'listen lo foul. I'vo giveu you one more chance. It's your last. Will you givo up that young popinjay?' 'No, I will not. Go!' 'I've warned yon,' he said, 'and I'm desperate. Whatever happens, mind, it will l-e all on your own head. Whatever happen^ vr»i done i(- ' [To he Continued.] 