Telegraphic Intelligence. ; LATEST BY CABLE. [From the Argtu. J LOVDON, ADO. Sir F. Dillon Bell, the Auent-General for New Zealand, is at present on a Wait to Freiburg, where he is inquiring into the latest methods of treaties refractory ores. He will afterwards proceed to the Hartz mountains for the purpose of inspecting the working of the Abt railway system. LONDON, Aug. 3. The Austrian authorities have issued an edict depriving anarchists of the right to trial by jury in 15 districts of the empire for one year, commencing from last July. With regard to the recent capture of British sealers in Behriug's Sea for alleged violation of the fisherj rights of the United States. orders have been given by the Uuited States Government to stop the seizure of British vessels in those waters. The position of Surrey as the premier cricket county in England" for this season is now assured. The counly has won all the county matches, nine in number, which it has played. _ Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, intends sailing from England on his return journey to Victoria in Octoher. He has arranged to establish orders of the Sisters of Nar.areth and Fathers of the Congregation cf the Holy Ghost in Ballarat. Mr. Eilward Ford Duncanson, of Thomas Augustus Gibb and Co., Old Broad-street, has been appointed a director of the Penin sular and Oriental Steam Navigation Com pany Limited. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, Minister at Storno way, in the island of Lewis, who recently re ceived a letter from Mrs. Jessie C'ampbel1 Browne, of Sydney, offering pecuniary as assistance towards the sending out of. 1000 crofter families to New South Wales, has replied that he iB unable to eLtertainthe pro posal until he receives details as to the measures intended to be adopted for their settlement in the colony. A clerk named Grant lias been sentenced .to five years'imprisonment, on a charge of having forged the name of Mr. R. Barr Smith, of Adelaide, to two letters of credit for £200. It is believed that the native ehief Dim "zulu, who recently engaged ina rising against the British in Zululand, has fled into the Transvaal. The Goodwood Stakes, of 25 sovs. each, with 300 sovs. added, 2J miles, was ran at the Goodwood meeting to-day, and resulted as followsMr. A. Taylor's b h Stourhead, by Altyre-Avonwick, aged, 1st; Mr. J. W. Nuttal's b h Clan Chattan, by Veith-Bird's eye, aged, 2nd; Duke of Beaufort's b f Fealty, by Hampton- Ragman Roll, 4yra, 3rd. LONDON, ADO. 4. The statement made that a meeting had been arranged to take place between. Her Majesty the Queen and the Emperor William at Baden on September 30 has been officially contradicted. Italy has informed the powers that she has hoisted the Italian Hag at Zulla, a seapoit of , Abyssinia, about 30 miles south of Massowah, on the Red- Sea. It is announced that Germany has estab lished a protectorate over Pleasant Island, in the Marshall Group. At a meeting of the various gold-mining companies formed in London to work the reefs at Etheridge, Queensland, it was re solved to amalgamate the whole of the com panies into one concern. In reply to the protest of Sir Graham Berry, the agent-general of Victoria, against, the decision of tha British postal authorities in regard to the day for the despatch of the mails for Europe from Australia, Mr. Baikes, the Postmaster-General, has intimated that the decision cannot be altered. Mr. Raikes expresses the hope that the agents-general will endeavour to induce the colonies to accept the situation. The report of the Fan-Anglican Con ference, which has bean sitting at Lambeth, has been published. The conference has reBolved that the Anglican Church will not recognise divorce unless adultary has been .proved, and the church will refuse to re marry the guilty party concerned in the divorce. The conference has also decided that no polygaraist ehall be admitted to baptism in connection with the missious of the church. The report approves of the suggestion that the leading bishops of the colonies should receive the title of archbishop, but no actual decision has been come to on the question. The Law Committee of the House of Lords has cancelled the clause which had been inserted in the Agency and Trustee Liability Bill, permitting the investment of trust funds in colonial stocks. The English wheat morket is strong in tone, but prices are unchanged. The Continental markets are advancing with increased firmness. The American market is ohanging a little for the worse. Tbe spot quotation in New York for No. 2 Ked Winter wheat is 96 cents (4s ) per bushel. The spot value of Australian wheat has advanced, and the present) quotation is 37s. per 4961b. ex wharehouse. New Zealand long-berried wheat is quoted at 36s. 9d. For forward shipments buyers offer 35s. 6d. per 4801b. c.i.f. The cargo of wheat ex Rydal mere, from Adelaide. March 31, 67,847 buBhels, has been sold at 36s. per 4801b. o.i.f. LONDON, ABO. 6. The Riforma states that Zulla was annexed by the Italian Government at the urgent request of the natives. The Citizen, of London, publishes a state ment that Lord Carrington has intimated a desire to resign his post as Governor of New South Wales before the end of the present year. [W e have the best authority for giving the statement referred to in the above message an absolute contradiction. ED. A.~$ A fire which has occurred in a house in the Bowery, New York, ha9 resulted in 18 persons being killed. Several others received serious injuries. An eruption has taken place in the island of Stromboli, off the north coast of Sicily which is reported to be doing an immense amount of damage. [Tbe island of Strom boli consists entirely of a single volcanic mountain, whieh rise to a height of 2500ft, and from the top of which smoke and flames are continually ascending, sending raya of light over such an immense space that the mountain has received the name of the light house of the Mediterranean. It often makes loud explosions and sends forth stones and ashes, but no proper eruption has previously taken place for nearly 2000 years.] 