Nliort 9I«n. : The short man has suffered* much at the ; hands of writers of fiction. He is never j alj lotted tlie part <if the hero, though there is no ! valid reason why he should nojt be. Search I through all the fiction you like, and look j up j the heroes : they are all tall, everyone of them, 1 no matter whether they be black, blue, grey, • or tawnv. Tin's is what you read :— | | i £ liis tall presence overshadowed and protected her as the pine of the Appeni^xjs r does the strayed and bewildered lamb ' or j ' His form far âlxive the' middle height, iip- | peared before lier m the moonlight, and sh'e : knew that, whatever else happened, she waj? I his for ever and ever*' | It is only a very realistic write.r. who corj- ; descends to have a hero of 1 average, height'^' | anil even In; is apt to forget hilli,se]f and iiiajkç : liis hero grow, long after he is past twentiyione, into a ' towering foi-ih.' There is a special j brand of humanity kept on tap for heroes, alt J of them men who would have delighted tlie ! heart of Frederick the Great, who* is quite i welcome to them, for all "we care. ' On the other hand, the writer, when he has [an unsympathetic character to portray, nearly! 'always n takes him short. Look at the ' rascally (attorney ;' he is : always mat le an ' undersized? j man, there is no reason why he should- be! And the writer, , forsooth, never makes hi= : really re spec-table villain, the man who does lh«i 1 bold murders, the kidnappings, and the big j forgeries, particularly short ; only those, of his ; villains are short ivho are mean and con-j iiemptihle curs. This is distinctly unfair. It ;is hardly necessary to add that the samel |writer, when he wants a butt for i the exeicise lof his wit, or for his other characters to play tricks upon, takes a short man ior the purpose] lit is always a short man who is ass enough to pll in love with the heroine, without the ghost jnf a chance, and who js cut.oat, if not kicked ! ut, directly the hero appears ; his blighteil piopcs are made to look ridicnlo'us, and after Simnorons failure at an attemptedi suicide., lie is \- relegated for consolation to brandk' and soda, j | Swelt—' Fui going to resign! my club.' Friend—' 1 thought you liked jit so much.' Swell— ; I'sed to be. all right, but society is 1 : getting t<n> mixed. Wh}',. I met my pawn- 1 broker there, the other night P- | ' L"d like to give you a piece of my mind, Mrs. Smiggs.' ' 1 wouldn't talk of imposhjibiiities, r.ir. Smiggs. 'i'lie articje you speak of is too small to be divided.' j- Spiggs— 1 Was it jiot disgrace'ul the way )in:ggs\«nored in church to day ? Stiggs— should think it wfls, AVliy lie wokè us all u 