THE HOUSEHOLD JURIST- NO. 17, it. d, wirkc to know it tlioro is any way of getting a divorce free of expense. Ansivkr. — A petitioner In divorco may, on siHvlalnfildavit, sue in /ormaivru/vri for tlio relief which ho or she sucks. This course will naturally immensely curtail tho expense of obtaining a decree, but the proceeding,, will necessarily demand some outlay on thepart of tho petitioner. 0.K. asks Wilt ymi kindly answer in your columns wholher I can rtunovo a small mortgage on a property, with certificate of title, without gonig to the expense of a lawyer, and if so. how ? Answer.—' The transfer of Iand Statute, section 100, provides that upon production of a memorandum signed by tho mortgagee, and attested by a witness, of full satisfaction of the mortgiigo charge, aud all matter incidental thereto, tho Registrar shall make an entry thereof, and tho land shall thcreiijKin ceasu to be charged with thu mortgage, nnd ho shall also mako an entry of such discharge on the certificate of title when produced to him for that purpose. If yon can effect this thero will be no necessity for you to employ anyone clso to da it. Ncr.UT.VTOR asks:— A man filed Ins schedule 10 years ago, and omitted from hU schedule an item of JriO, due by him for wage some threo year previous to his filing. . Thy amount of hi lUbihties.belng, small, lux creditors did not put him to any trouble, Ho' has never been examined before the Court of Iniolvimey, nor has he applied to that Court for a certifi cate of clearance. Query— Can this man legally hold property at present iti hi own name! Answer.— An insolvent cannot legally hold property in his own narao prior to the obtain ing of his certificate of discharge. "leoal" enquire?.— Should a specification and couditmnxof contract for the erection of a building be Rienod by the proprietor or architect, a well as by the contractor ! Is any stamp required ? Also, is there any restriction as to the tiiuo of stamping! Answer. — The contract should ba signed by nil the persons who are parties to it, or their authorised agents. No stamp is necessary iu order to malTo tho document a legal one. " Early Melbourne," writes 1\. I atu by my father's death entitled to an amount of money, which, uowever, cannos be touched while iny mother lives. I would ask have 1 tho power to will that money to my wife, so that, in tiro ovent of my becoming deceased bt'foro my mother, nho will be able to recover the same, or will it havo to remain in the bauds of the surviving members of thi family? 2\. . I liavo discovered that mv birth has never hceu registered, npd the church books contain ing the usual christening notice, etc., nnd in which m> name is supposed to be, cannot be found, consequently 1 am entirely off the book?. I would ask will this be or.y detri ment to ino i:: obtaining my siiaro by my father's will? If so, wlmfc i my best course to pursue under the circumstances ? 3\. Is it posrtiblothat my mother can obtain the amount of my father s life insurance with accniiiulatic-n) if the same be not specially Rtntal in my father's will, aud to which no reference is made? Answers— 1. You hare full power, being, I presume, of Gill age, &c.;, to will your iutarest under your fathers will to your wife, und on your dcoo&S6; she can claim the same after tho death of your mother, 2\. The registration- of your birth not having bcuu effected, you may bo placed in a difficulty, which, however, is by no means insuperable. Thoro aro many other ways of proving birth iu the alwenco of the rogistc-r, such as bv entries in sacred household books, by affidavits of contemporaries, Ac. 3\. Tho will not having specially excepted tho iiiRUranco monies, they go with thu rent of tho personal estate. And probably swell tho life intercut of your mother, and tho amount to como to you after her death. Constant hhadkr asks whether it is legal to oxposo drapery goods for Halo outiide his shop, tho said tihop being built back, leaving 11 inches to tho good not tbo property of thu Corporation ? answer.— Section 8 of Police Offences Statute inakcfl it an offenco to tiliice outaido of any f-hop, window or doorway abutting on auy public thoroughfare, any goods, &c..; so as to obstruct tho suiri public thoroughfare. Thu sole question is, Do your goods cause any ob struction to the thoroughfare ? If they do you arc of courso liable to a fine for placing their, whero you do. A Farmer writes:— ''Suppose I let a fnnn for three years, at so much per year, to be paid at a certain time, and the rent falls in arrear, havo I priority of claim for the full amount, or only for ono year, or couldn't I make it a lump sum for tlio whole term, in case of my claim being only good for the year. Answer— You do »ot6ayovor what or whom you want priority. If your tenant has liecoine insolvent, you can distrain for ouo year's rent accrued prior to sequestration, and for any balanco provo your claim as au ordinary creditor. M-IL writes Having a dog registered in Chines, Victoria, am I obliged to have it re gistered in South Melbourne, whero I now re side. Anbwer— The ticket of registration held by yau clears the dog until the nuxt day fur regit- tration arrives, uo matter In what part uf Vic toria nuohtioket was legally Issued, Nisi i'niua would like tj know if ho can compel a man who owns a piece oMaud adjoin ing his hotwo, and. whoso land is naturally higher, to properly drain it J as, wbon it rains, the 'water from Ids land— which is vacant— flow® in and floods his yard? i ; > ' AitRWEB-rAa tbo . overflow is caused by.thn; natural elevation of your neiglibor's land, and is not cq'ised by tho commission of any act on his pirr. you havo no remedy for tlio nuisance hgaimfcmni. O.FS. says :— Suppose 1 offer a property through an auctioneer for the sum of M020 sterling, less commission, mid ho finds a client willing to give 1,1000 for sarno which I decline to accept. Tho samo client by soma nuvini finds out either through intercourse with the auctioneer or otherwise, that I am tho owner of tho property iu quoition. and mtikes me an offer of 1,1000 nett. which I accept. I withdraw tho property from tho agent's book, ami shall feel obliged If yon will' inform me if commission can be claimed by the sgeut in tho matter. Answi'r. — As it is evident that yon obtained your purchaser through the intervention of tho agent, you nra undoubtedly liable for com- mission on the sale. ' Viuilant" enquire:— A several lady friends of miuo in tho vicinity of ICHscnriou have lately been almost frighteued to death hy what is tainted "tho ghost," reported in your papor a few overlings ago, and being in- fqrmcd tlmt tho said ghost ik armed with a shot sling with which it could do a great amount of bodily harm (if put hi a corner), T am de termined some evening to go out nrinud with a revolver with the intention of finding this ghost, and, if nioe.«arv, using tho revolver. Question.— Can I (if Thill rim said ghost) bo prosecuted under thu Criminal Law ami Frac tion Statuto for murder or manslaughter, the death being premeditated ? Answer.— Tho remedy suggested by you for laying this particular ghost would render thafirarof the fatal shot liable to be com mitted for wilful murder. Legitimate ghosts, or tho oneo jhijmlar buliet in litem, having now no completely gomi out of date, it would be difficult to convince a jury that a person of your evident education ami intellitrenc" did nut kiow thnt you were using a lethal weapon against an Individual who was merely masquerading. If tlw sensoleM creature who is simulating n epcctro still contiimR to frighten kdius almost to death, it would lie better, idiould you still do- sire to tako the law into your own hands, to administer a Round thrashing, and to trust to tho sympathy ot tlio fair ones, whose case you havo championed, ns a solace for any penalty which may be inflicted for the nssaulr, or, better still, leave the nlMurrt esca pade of the ghostly idiot lo thu vigilance of tho police. J'k.'GttBRR wishes to know whether in tlio event of tiie ueAi.fi &' a person it is necesary to got a doctor' certificate before going lA tho Kegistrar of Dauhs, or c;U) the Bogistrar give a certificate for burial without first obtaining a doctor's certificate ? Answer— A medical practitioner' certifi cate i necessary in all carw, and the ranie must l)c produced to tho ll-gistrar. Wfi-ru this medical certificate is not obtainable an inquest become necessary. ' A iKADKR"asks: AVmildyou kindly inform mo, through your columns, whether, iu making a will, it i ctiir.pnliory to havo it tlrawn up by a lawyer, or whether Ineperson can do without. \- A.nsivkr.— Thero is no statutory require- ment as to tho drawing up of wilts liy solicitors or attorneys nt law ; li» in most cases is is found economical to employ professional aid iu the preparation ot documents of Mich vital im portance us ate testamentary dispo.iition of piopertv. "W.D.' ofeks the following question: — i. left sonic goods in tlio care of tho people where I board, sud they were stolen, it is now 14 days, and tho policy have gat no trace of them, liavo I tiny claim on tho people I left them with? Answer. —Lodger inut take care of their own goods, and if such good nra stolen the lodgittghou&u; kcejwr is not resiKnieiblo for tlm thnt't, unless ho undertakes tho charge of them. SUBSCRtiiRR writes Tf a wife leave her hoir.s atul huslmui, without any cause, for im moral purjwscii, and refuses to coiue homo again, cau rile have any claim on her husband for inaiutrunuce, nnd if the husl&nd; would havo any difficulty in getting a divorco from said wife ? Answer— tt would be an nnnwer to a corn- plaint for maiutananca that tho wito seeking tho ordor had. withoutgood cause, jwrmanently absented hewelf from her home, and refused bi return thereto. If the " immoral i>unt03«> n can b» D»>vcd, and the husband b rreo of blame, or collusion, a divorce could ba ob tained. Stupid writes lat I bought some silver riiaro at LI per Hhare, a, paid up to Xfis. I paid 2s on application, and 2s on allotment. . How much mora am I liable for ?a 2nd. How long after the allotment of shares is it before the scrip is issued, nr is scrip necessary ? Answer— You nro mtswerablo for Is per siiaro more. Tlio time for the issue of scrip t unlimited by hw, but unnecessary delay would render tlio company liable fur any special damages which might accruu to n purchaser by. audi delay. ts'' "Anxious Parent" enquires Will, -you kindly inform mo 'through your patpr if n master who sella Ida business cap 'put his apprentice with whom ho likes at ' the disap proval or the parent and such apprentice. Answer— Themasterhastk) right to transfer his apprentico with his business, unless with the consent of the lad nml Ins |«arcnt or guardian. The indenture nro a personal cjw tract between thu parties, nml tho master is liablo far datnagfS unless he carries out his Iiartof Hitch contract. Indentures can always >0 cancelled by application to Justice whero any injmtico U being inflicted. Constant Header writes Kindly Inionn mu if thn gnmo of ro>a quoits is allowed In a publichouxn bar, if not played for money, nud ohlige. AN.swEn. —Thero is no illegality in the plaring of such n gamo not for money nr drinks or any othor equivalent of a similar kind. .T, M , Collingwood, nsks Ts, lieing an uncertificated insolvent, a valid reason for re fusing or being unable to p;»y nowly-con- tractad debts when summoned m court. Answer.— It is no answer to a summons for newly- contracted debts that tho defendant is au uncertificated insolvent. The mere seques tration of a man's estate doe not free him for everlasting front the obligation to pay Ids way, and Hucii a defence would nut be tcnablu in auy court of local procedure. 