COUNTRY INTELLIWENCB. (FBOM OUH OWtf COBBESPONDENT.) ; BJSACONSFIELD. On Thursday, at the Police Court, befoio Messrs. 'W..H. Glover, V.M.., and Adye Douglas, J.P., BOine twelve adjourned vaccination cases were dealt with, and tho law having been complied with by. the parents getting their children vaccinated, informations for the samo offence were gone) into, the majority of which were adjourned for ., one month, in order '. to enable tho parents to comply with the law. In a few eases defendants failed to appear, and were fined JB1. (Mr. T. G. Williams, J.P., here took his seat on the beach.) George Coker, charged by the Sub-Inspector of ? .Police with havirig allowed a horse to stray in Weld-street, did not appear, and the case .was heard ex parte. The police gave evidence proving . the charge, and this being a second offence defendant was fined Bs and 8s 6d costs. Wm. Worthy was brought up on warrant charged with larceny as a bailee for having sold a hcrse to August Jensen, then selling tho same horse to a second person. The usual questions having, been put to defen dant, he eleoted to be tried by th« bench, and, pleading guilty, was sentenced to ? 12 months' with - hard, labour. The same person was then charged with larceny as i a bailee in sailing a saddle and bridle,, the ; property of another man. Priioner again pleaded guilty, and wa« ?ontonecd to six .months' imprisonment with, hard labour, to ? commeace at . the j'cphclusion of the first sentence , The following aro the circumstances connected with the above two peculiar cases :— Worthy bought a horse from one Patmore on a bill. He then sold the horse to August Jensen, who paid £3 on account, but not wanting tha horse at that 'particular time Jenson allowed Worthy to take it away on the underutand i ing that he (Worthy) was to deliver up the horse to him at- any time on demand. Worthy then bought a saddle and bridle from a man named Mackintosh, and shortly after rode to Launceston and sold thp horse to one man, and the caddie and bridle to another, and decamped to Victoria. . An inquest on tho body of the late Mrs. James Hinds was held at the Club Hotal. on Thursday, afternoon, before the Coroner (Mr. W. H. Glover) and a jury. A post mortem was ordered, which was duly per formed by Dr. Mathieson. The doctor's verdict was that heart disease waa the cause of death, and th« jury returned a ' verdict, of ' Died from natural causes.' The funeral {took place the same after noon. The monthly meeting .of the Board. of Advice lapsed on Friday for want of a quorum, the chairman ' being the only member present. Mr. George Lock wood, tho contraotor, has completed the sludge channel under Weld-street, and has made an excellent job of it. He is now engaged in Weld street from the Tasmania No.' 1 tram to wards the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel. The hill here is being cut down, and. the. dirt taken therefrom deposited lower down the street in order to improve the grade, arid good metal is being laid on, which will be a decided improvement. Great complaints are still made regard ing the continual endangered state of Beauty Point Jetty. People are beginning to ask themselves the question — ' Is the Marine Board defunct, or have all the wardens gone to the Centennial Exhibi tion?' Some empty-headed individual has been playing the fool for some1 tiino past, by impersonating a ghost. He has made his appearance in several parts of the town; and it is to be, hoped that ere long he will make his appearance at the Court House, ' where, no doubt, he will reap his re ward. Mr. Harry Conway, M.H.A., met his Beaconsfield constituents last night in the Oddfellows' Hall. There was a good atten dance, and Mr. T. G. Williams; J.P., was unanimously voted to the chair. The chairman introduced- the business of the meeting, which was the consideration of the personalty tax, and ttie matter of Beaconsfield being declared a port of entry. The chairman also stated that the j honourable member would be happy to I reply ' to any questions put to him, and then called on Mr. Conway to address :the meeting, ilr. ? Conway commenced hia address by reviewing tho present financial position of the colony, quoting largely from the Treasurer's Budget speech;- '-He' furnished voluminous statistics.and argued that the personalty tax was nob required:; . it . was inquisitorial, most obnoxious in* every;way, and would be ? very expensive to collect. It would be better to wait and-1 seethe result of the new assessment, the7 returns for which were not yet in;|when they were it might be found that not so much money would ' be required to make up 'our deficit as was supposed. Land benefited by. the expenditure on -public works; and' 'land should suffer the increased burden o£ taxation.' Ministers should' exercise, retrenchment, cut down the salaries of tho-' Governor ' and ' Ministers. There' was room - for retrenchment in the cost of thev/ Defence Force. Offices could alaa be amalgamated,'- and in many ways Barings' . ' could be effected. Let Ministers in cross* - tha land tax and revise the tariff, and there would be no necessity for the compli cated personalty tax. ' After an exhaustive speech, Mr. Conway sat down amidit applause.1 Mr. Adye Deuglas, J.P., them .moved the following resolution, which, -was - seconded by Mr. Woodman, and unani mously carried— ' That tnt, personality- . 1 tax is inquisitorial, burdensome, and too * expensive to collect, and that this meeting thoroughly condemns tn« ptopoamfau* Mr. Conwoy then explained what had Veen done regarding the matter of th'o port of entry, and said that no -?^effort on his part' would be spared , to push the matter on; and he hoped, to -a': successful issue. Ho would see that the petition sent in by the people was tabled and discussed. The collectors of Hobart and Launceston were opposed to tho ' scheme, and said it would lead to smuggling. Thia was a weak argument Duck Eiver and many smaller places than Beaconsfleld enjoyed the privilege, and it was not found that smuggling web encouraged. Beaconsfield was tho thud town in Tasmania, and ho had just learned that its population of June 30 of the pre sent year was 1837— this was for the town alone. Miners were large consumers of ' dutiable goods, more so than ordinary weople, ? and they should bo considered. Ministers were alive to the interests ' of Beaconsfleld, and any reasonable — work 'would no doubt be attended to ? '? jromptly.' Progress had already been. V&ade; as witness tho Supreme Court, licensing district and bench, coroner, etc. ? ??' Mr Peter Brown nsked that a court of \- -appeal be established at Beaconsfield, and 'weed good reasons why it should be. The ?' ??' ton. member promised to attend to the matter. Mr. T. V. Brown said apptal and V-'iMYision courts had bean promised years \- ago when the hon. A. Douglas was in ' Sower, but nothing had come of it. The ?''?' matter ot haying Beaconsfield formed into ??'a' ?'separate' police district, with the \- 'TamarYas its . east boundary, and m ? ? ' ' eluding Frankf ord, Winkleigh, and Glen ' ffttry, was then discussed. Mr. 'Williams Explained his views 'on tho matter, ' ;aM 'what ho had done towards : ?ffettink'aa expression of opinion from the other districts interested. He had.com ' 'knunlcated with Frankfprd, Winkleigh, and \- GiengarT as to public meetings, and objects ? -desired. Frankford would hold its meet ~ihe on the 11th mat. He had received no 'replies yet from the others. Mr. T. V. ?Brown said a petition, with same objects: ' i:in view, was Bent to Parliament a year or -lio' ago,' but it was quietly shelved. Mr. 5 '.Coaway said he wonld move for it's produc ?tion. After Mr. T. V. Brown had moved 'the following, seconded by Mr. Godwin— ?''That the petition regarding the; re ' defining the boundary of the distriqt sent ' into the Governmei fc some years since, be called for in thi- House'— some minor TiuBinesg brought a very successful meeting ? toa close. ''. ,' / ? ?'']] .''. ? ,;. . '.'. ' '? .? ' -Augusts.' ,'...??' - ?';?-'? ?? ?' 