Died of a Broken Heart. Â Chicngo trick elephant has died of a broken heart, owing to the death of an elk which the elephant was partial to. Love seems to have the same effect, even upon the humblest of God's creatures. Imagine the ?strong, able-bodied elephant, stricken with tender passion and pining for a sign of re- cognition from the elk in the menagerie. Observe the two animals, with eyes for no other animals, just contented in each other's company. Love looks love to eyes which spake again, and all that. Imagine the jealousy of the elephant if the polar bear should wink at the elk, or throw a kiss with his great paw at the elephant's ownest own. Only a chain around the elephant's leg, and the enge of the bear, would prevent a tragedy. And then think of the suffering of the 'elephant when his beloved elk was pining away from having swallowed the wire band that came around a bale of hay. At first the elk, perhaps, was only pale and refused food. The attendant would lix up a bran mash, and some delicious cut feed, wann with steaming dishwater, but the elk would Btnile her thanks to the attendant, and decline to eat. The wire was getting in its deadly work on the internals of the doomed elk, and the loving elephant could only wait for the end, giving such loving attention to the stricken elk as the rules of the menagerie per- mitted. Those who visited the show, and saw the elephant perform his tricks in a mechanical way, little knew the burden he bore. His thoughts were with the dying elk, and when his duties were at an end he harried bock to his beloved elk to hold her ia his strong embrace as life went out. Ten- derly he laid her down and then she went to wen to die on lier own hook. The cheers of the audience had no charms for the elephant after tb* elk waa dead, mad be laid dows and breathed a sigh, gave op the ghost, and both were buried in the same grave. Come to investigate the case a little further, it teems the elephant was a female and the elk waa a male, but there ia no use spoiling the «tory for a little thing like that. If the reader will imagine "she" when reading of the elephant and " he " when the elk is spoken of, and exercise a little imagination there would be no difficulty in understanding that love is terrible when the animals get sick and die jost the same as humans. " How is it, " remarked the representative of a clothing firm, " that travellers for tobacco houses never offer a fellow a cigar ?" " The reason is very plain. " "What is it ?" " They don't want to give their cigars away." He-" Do yo know. Hiss Habel, I have discovered why my brain is so active ? " She-" No, Mr. Minnswit.. What is yonr theory?" "Its because Iso often Btarta (rain of thought." "Ah,yes!" The"Limited." 