ST. ALPHONSUS AND MART. We have before us at this moment a copy of the "GlorieB of Mary," sanctioned 1 by the R.C. ArchbishopB of Westminster, of New Tort, of Dublin, &c.;, in which occur the following passages, some of which exceed (if possible) anything yet 1 published, as proofs of the fervour of devo tion inculcated towards the Virgin by the ' modern Church of Rome v>; e The most holy Mary revealed to a soul \- . devoted to her that it pleased her much to bo r< honoured by her servants with the following . devotions — ' " I, thank Thee, oh Eternal Father, for the ... power given to Mary, thy daughter. Our Father : Hail Mary ; Glory be .to God. " I! thank Thee, oh Eternal Son, for tho wisdom given to Mary, thy mothei. Our "Father ; Hail Mary ; Glory be to God. . ; " I thank Thee, oh Eternal Spirit, for tho \- f ; . love given to Mary, tby spouse. Our Father ; / . Haij Mary ; Glory be to God. ' To thee we cry, oh Queen of Meroy, turn ; ;wards us, .and let .us behold thee dispensing favours , bestowing remedies , giving strength. Show us thy compassionate countenance, and we shall be safe: " Oh mistress of all thingB — saint of saints — our strength and refuge — God, as it were, of the world — glory of heaven — accept those who love thee ; hear us ; for thy Son honours thee, and denies thee nothing. " Come, hasten, oh lady, and aid with thy mercy thy most sinful servant, who invokes thee ; and deliver him from the hands of the enemy. Who will not sierh to. thee? . With love and grief we sigh. How, then, shall we not sigh to thee, oh solace of the miserable, refuge of ontcnsts, delivorer of captives? We are secure that if thou dost see our. miseries, thy compassion will not be slow to relievo us. " Oh our lady and our advocate ; recommend us to thy Son. Obtain, oh blessed one, by the grace thou hast merited, that he who did condescend, with thy mediation, to become a participator of our infirmity and misery, may, also, by thy intercession make us to share in .his blessedness and glory. "In thee I have placed the hope of my whole heart. It is not possible, oh lady, that thou shouldst abandon him who places his hope in thee. If thou dost only wish for our salva tion, it will be impossible that we should not be saved. Hail, daughter of God the Father j hail, mother, of God the Son ; hail, spouse of ..God ..the Holy Ghost; hail, temple of the whole Trinity. " Oh Virgin, how beautifnl art thou I " Mother of my God, my heart is en amoured with thy goodness. " Thanks be to God and to Mary. " May all things be to the eternal glory of the Most.Holy Trinity, and of the immaculate Mary. . Livo always, Jesus our love, and Mary our : . hope, with Joseph and Theresa our advocates." We beg our readers to remember that the above effusion, not inferior, we think, even to the Psalter of Bonaventura in daring adulation, is taken, not merely :From the undisputed works of a canonized saint, but of, emphatically, Tub Saint of Modern Times, a work, too, for which the R.C. Bishop of Southwark obtained the especial blessing of the Holy See ! We can scarcely trust ourselves to make any comments upon it, but we ask any of our readers whether they can either believe that the language we have quoted was revealed-, or if it could be safely addressed to any creature, however honoured or exalted ; being the attributes and even the name of God himself ? We read in the 46th Psalm—" God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble but, according to St. Liguori, Mary is to be prayed to as " our strength and refuge ; God, as it were, of tUe world, and the glory of heaven." We do not deny that there are passages in the above effusion which show that the Virgin is appealed to as an intercessor with her Divine Son, as well as the dis penser of favours, the bestower of remedies, the giver of strength, just as our blessed; Lord himself is addressed by us as our intercessor with God the Father, and the mediator between God and man, though he is Himself one of the persons of the Ever- blessed Trinity ; but let any man of ordinary understanding and straightfor ward principles say, whether even the most ingenious refinement can interpret all thiB to mean a mere invocation of the Virgin Mary to fray for the persons who uses such devotions, or for his tellow- creatures. Is it not rather the language of one who was resolved, at all hazards, to exalt the Virgin to an equality with the Almighty, and to lead others to honour her as God ? What effect must the circulation of such a book have on the large mass of persons to whom it is recommended by the highest sanction of the Church of Rome ? We solemnly think, not merely that the direct and practical tendency of Buch worship is to derogate from the honour due to the Ever-blessed Trinity, but that it has an inevitable tendency to render the Almighty himself an object of/ear, and the Virgin an object of love ; to in vest Him, who is the father of mercy, and God of all comfort, with unapproachable majesty and awe, and the terrors of eternal justice ; and then in direct and striking contaast, to array Mary with mercy and benignity, and compassionate tenderness and omnipotence in her love. We find, in the same volume, the following passage, Btrongly corroborative of what we have iust said : — "In the Franciscan chronicles it is related of Brother Leo, that he once saw a red ladder, upon which Jesus Christ was standing, and a white one upon which stood his holy mother. He saw persons attempting to ascend the red ladder ; they asoended a few steps and then fell ; they ascended again, and again fell. Then they were exhorted to ascend the white ladder, and on that he saw them succeed, for the Blessed Virgin offered them her hand, and they arrived in that manner safe in paradise." " Mary is, in a word," as Richard of St- Laurence says, "the mistress of Paradise, since she commands according to her pleasure, and introduces into it whom she will." Therefore, applying to her tho words of Ecciesiastioue, he adds, "My power is in Jerusalem; I command what I will, I intro duce whom I will. And as she iB the mother of the Lord of Paradise, she is, with reason, also," says '. Rupert, "the Lady of Paradise. She possesses, by right, the whole kingdom of her Son." We have always held that even to offer prayers to God, in the name and through the mediation and intercession of the Virgin Mary — much more prayers to her for her intercession — was a departure from the ancient doctrine and practice of the primitive Church, and, in fact, one of the devices superadded to the original truths of salvation, which was directly repugnant both to the written Word of God, and to the faith and practice of the primitive Church. Here, however, we have a doctrine and practice which leaves prayer to the Holy Virgin for her inter cession with God far behind, and/teaches a species of ivorsliip more suitable to the " glories " of a goddess than to the reverence due to the most : exalted .of women. We hope our readers will bear us witness that we have never spoke dis paragingly, or irreverently, of the Blessed Virgin Slary ; or acted as if we thought that the cause of the Son of God is to be promoted, or his mediatorship or honour to be exalted, by decrying the worth and dignity of the mother of His humanity. We trust that we, in common with every enlightened member of the reformed Church, shall never forget that she was " highly favoured," and " blessed among women." We must qver speak of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the language ;of reverence, affection, and gratitude. But when we are exhorted by the saints of the Church of Rome, to address supplications to the Virgin Mary, such as those we have above transcribed, and have no alternative but either to do so, or to protest against the errors of those who, led away by the exaggerations of mistaken piety, consider St. Alphonsus Liguori as emphatically the saint of modern times, and a safe guide to follow, we can have no ground for hesita tion — our love of unity must yield to our love of truth. We cannot join? in; a worship which would exalt a woman to the throne of the universe, and ascribe ito her that sovereign power which is the exclusive attribute of God himself. 