England for many years mado it all tqo more enjoyable. I was spending it, too, witli a favourite old uncle, and experienced that most delicious of all sensation, tho hoing onco more amnnust those who Were near and dear to mo. Tho old house in York- -i- shire was indeed a fitting spot for Father Christmas to hold his revels in. -VTbo hard frost had stopped our hunting for some days, hut, notwith standing sundry grumblers am ng the guests, we spent a busy and a happy day hanging up tho h-lly and the mistletoe in tho old hall, und decorat ing everything, from the antlers and pictures to Brutus, my fair cousin's -pet bull terrier. Ouly onco did I ventnre to poop into tho housekeeper's room in soarch of my dear aurit «toI£obithn, and speedily was I put to fiighbkasins of mincomoat, whipped cream, rSteuants of orange -poel and cinnamon, piles-of tartlets, cakes, aud sugared goodies beyond description, mot by view, and iu the. midst, with a vory rod face her sleeves rolled up, and a long apron on, stood my aunt, pounding up some mysterious mixture iu a mortar, as if her existence de pended upon tho total annihilation of ©very particla it contained. ' Now, don't come in lioro bother ing, Mastor Phil,' sho cried. ' You giUfind plenty to do outsido if you jJj|Jiut, if vou can't, then take tho over to tho Btation, KtlSiK, coming by thef5HHft£lck tram' . » will save one of thogSttfi'nS I've plenty for thom to Pear me! Why, William,' sluB tinued addressing a stable-lad w was busily engagod in opening cases of provisions, ' thoro's that box from Guntor's not oponed yot, and the ulw china not unp-.ckod. Now Phil, do run away — there's a good hoy ! Hero take one of those tarts and go.' I really believe my aunt -forgot that I .was no longer tho little boy who ' nHprl to worry her aud steal her jam 1 anmefivb-and- twenty vears aero. My /looking-glass, howeye)ivtbrd-m6-a very different tale. It reflected an omin ously thin crop of hair, and certnin tell-tnil lines at tho corners of my oyos were becoming of lato years lament- . ably distinct. Mr. Petor Lawor wits an old and very dear friend of my uncle's. A confirmed bachelor, he laboured under the idea that London was the only one place on tho face of the globe in which a man of taBte and refinement Could exist. I had heard a great deal about tho old gentleman, but hitherto I never had tbo pleasure of meeting him. Ho wns reported to bo w ithout any ex- ' ceptiou, tho most nervous and ex citable person in London society. Ho would a low no porson to differ from him upon any question whatsoever, whether roligious, political, or other wise. At the Junior Carlton ho went by tho namo of ' Touchy Lawlor,' aud those who had ever been rash ouough to cross swords with him in argument, assorted (hut ho was ' touchy ' to Buch a degree, tli it to suggest opinions an- togonistic to Ins own, when ho was Wltmn rOllCll ui an eiupuy Bouu-ivuLuj. bottle, was simply to court instan- ' J- t tanoous death. He bullied ovorybody —servants, frionds, and casual ac quaintances, just as if lie woro under a epeciul mission to this globe to put everything and everybody straight. My uncle, indeed, wns tho only one man -out of all his old acquaintances with whom ho had, so far, never fallen out. Mr. Lawlor's eccentricities and \- temper wore, indeed, to him only an excuse for extra hilarity, and moioly caused him to romark that ' it was a pity Lawlor wns so oxcitablo and irritable, for there could bo no doubt about it— ho was a decidedly clever follow,' . Hying, then, my aunt Tabitha's Hitions, I drovo down to tho to moot tho otfpoctcd guest, curiosity as to what ho was H liko. It wns a bittorly oold, H- afternoon as I wnitod in the Hrt, wondering whotlier ho Hcomo in such wrotchod weather, H) improvo matters, it commoncod v. However, I had plonty of ud wraps, so I walked tho quiotly about until tho train n. fnr as I could judgo of the Hman who animated tbo hugo Koat which at last emorged from ntiou, ho was not in tho very f tompt rs. |ere, that'll do, you clumsy lout!' flouted to the porter who whs ng.out his luggago ! ' why don't and 'drop something? That's Huang that hag down again; Hi smash something if you try enough. Ifc'8 no consequonco H? No, not your proporty, eh? I . shall not uivo you a eix- H- Clumsy devils, thoso country rs ving introduced myself, and Kd tho old gentleman as snugly as Bblo, though not altogotlior to his action, wo startod off through a In of blinding snow. During our 1 1 was regaled with a semi- audiblo lo against country life and poop'e Bnoral, whioh no doubt would have H more amusing if it had not pro- led through a respirator. How- I, wo roachod homo without mis- ftnturo, and I hod the satisfaction Kolivoriug ray cliargo Bafoly into Ihospitablo caro of my aunt, that evonine thoro was a groat tiering, and Mr. Lawlor saomcd to Bo quite roooverod his oquaniinity. lood what wi h the good cheor and Irty weloome ho received, he would re been a flinty-hearted ol .1 biuto if Ihad done otherwise. He sat next mo at difinor, and I found him rprisingly chatty and full of ante-, to. No donbt, my uncle's gonorous rt helped to dissolve any romains tho bud temper his uncomfortablo irney had caused in him, aud I rrkn-tn tliinlr him. after all. one of Ho pionsafrtejit old fellows I had mot fur many a day>-Aftor dinner my uuelo proposed somegumos for tlio youugor folk, and accordiuglyjvo ad- jouruod to tho groat ball, vfherg blindmau's buff, forfeits, and all sorts of romps woro kopt up until midnight, among tho morriost of that merry crow boing Mr. Potcr Lawlor. Ho scomod positivoly rejuvenated, and had, ap parently, foigotten for tho while his iuvotorate hatred for tho countiy. Indeed, aftor tho Lidios hud ro tired, and we nil sat round tho big log firo, smoking our pipes snd sippiug our grog, ho wont so far as to declare that ' if it were not for the troublo. of gottiug there lie almost thought that a country house was the pleasantest place in which one. could spend Christmas.' 'You've your old room, Lawlor,' said my undo as ho gave him his caudle. Tho haunted, one, j ou kno w , ; where tho village people swear'1 the White Lady walks, with her head under her arm, and the rest of it ; eh, Lawlor?' 'Weil, I've slept thero before, and she never bothered ibe,' replied Mr.; Lawlor, gaily. -' I should just like to soo bor for once, blessed if I wouldn't!' ' Take care,' langbod , my uncle, as Mr. Lawlor took his, departure some what unsteadily. ' A word spoken iu jest you know ' It struck me. at the time that another hot grog and a cigarette would have necessitated mv unclo's old friend boing assisted up stairs. How ever, it is a poor heart .that never Stajoices ; and, after all, Christmas Eve 'X I suppose, a fair excuse for a little extra indulgence. »don|t kuow how it bappsued, but T SwJJuit night woro of a moBt ridiculous fignrod largoly in tliom"#Wy5JV ctted on inverted wiuo-glassos, toolr headers into largo bowls of boiling punch, and reappeared kissing his hand to an admiring audience, leering and grimacing in the most oxtravagant style. Finnlly balancing himself on an immense billiard bull, with a huge Cue-in hisLgrasp to steady his position, Ho careered round- — and_ round tho great ball, until it made meTpBsitivcly, giddy to watch him. Just as I was applauding him to a breathless state of oxcitomont, wonder ing what ho lnicht possibly do next, I was awakoaed by the most agonisiu g groans, ns of some one apparently in great paiu. It was barely light, but hoing now fully awakened, I raised my self from my pillow and listened. Tho sounds appeared to come Irom tho room adjoining tho one in which I slept. Jumping out of my bod, I tried tho door which communic-.ted with the next apartmont. It was not fastened, and throwing it open I beheld, huddled iu a heap upon the floor, tho lorm of Peter Lawlor. ' In tho name of Heaven, what's umias ?' I cried, ns visions of ghosts and burglars crossed my mind. But uotbing intelligible could I. ex tract from tho postrato form. Pninful, Bpnsmodio gasps woro all to which the poor old gentleman seemed Ul giviug UblUiiliUUU. X KtluU him gently, and put him on his bed, covering him up, for ho was vory cold. His eyes eoemod to bo starting from tin ir sockets, and as ho lay there shivering, ho gave me tho idea of having roooived some sudden shock, Have you seen anything ?' I asked. 1 Toll mo. What it is ? ' Are you in pain ? I seo no u ound, Is it internally that you suffer ? ' Still uo roply. Nothiug but a wail ing moan and. u couvulsivo clutching at tbo throat. Suddenly it Btruclc mo the man bad an ape plectic Beizuro! Quick qb thought I niBhod to my uncle's room. ' Undo Tom 1 Tally ho ! Heigh 1 Get up 1 Mr. Lawlor's bad a fit 1" Good God! you dont't say sol' cried my uncle, running out in hot haste. ' llido off for tho doctor at once. Tako any horse you like — I'll look after liim — and ring up Pago tho butler. Toll him to gotliot'wntor, and som9 brandy. And, here! ask old Pills to bring his |lancots — and a pot of James's blister and — oh! what the douce am % thinking of P Bo off quickly. Po or follow 1 poor fellow 1 and ho so well last night.' Leaving my undo to his lamenta tions, I huiriod down to tho stables and Baddlod a horse, and rb I galloped over tho snow-clad country that Christmas morning I could not liolp reflecting on tho extromo uncertainty of human lifo. ' In loss than an hour I was back with the doctor. AYo found my undo in a dreadful stato of agitation. He could gathor nothing from his unfor tunate friend, hut with tho assistanco of Page, ho had forced a good half pint of brandy down his throat, and swathed his feot in mustard piasters. On entering the room we found him lying on his bed speechless, and apparently paralysed with fbar. Tho doctor folt his pulso, and looked at his oyos. 1 Hem 1 ho has had no fit. Ho seoms to have oxporioncod a norvoua shock, or a fright of sonio sort. Got mo a pencil and paper.' Placing tho paper in Mr. Lawlor's hands, the doctor motionod him to write. Ho noddod assent. His mind was. at all oyonts, clear — for presently ho traced, in a tremulous hand, the following words : — ' I'm swallowed my teeth.' I need scarcely remark that this unexpected nnnouncomout caused us much astonishment, coupled I must own with amusomoot, until wo re flected that it was no laughing matter. Taking out his instrument caso, tho doctor selected tbo lotigost pair of forceps ho could find. These ho carefully inserted down Mr. Lawlor's throat. Having put thom dow as far as ho could, h o romnrkod: 'lean just feel them. Ah 1 noarly had them that timo. 1 No! blessed if I can get hold of them 1 Again and again ho tried, but inef fectually, and the pationt grow por- foctly black in the faco, and showed symptoms of choking under the pain ful opora'ibn-. At last tho dootor sat down by tho bed-sido, and, wiping his forceps, roraaiked — Tim very much afraid that tlioy have slippsd-down bo- yond my roach. If I could only""ha£o been here half an hour oarlier 1 Yoilt seo I can only just t-.uch them — but — by. and bye, ' ho continued, turning to tho sick man : — ' Were they gold ? — guld sottiugs ? ' A nod in the affirmative was tho answer. The _ doctor looked grave, and beckoning my uncle and mo from tho room, whispered: — ' It is o hopeless caso. The cou- soqnonce Jis certain death. No man could possibly digest a full set of upper teetli in gold settings. They would cause intornal rupture, and bring on mortification and an agonis ing death in Iobs than forty-eight hours. As we re-ontored tho chamber of death, the tears trickled down my uncle's cheeks. His old friend 1 His dear old friend — to lose bim thus — and on this Christmas morning wlion all should bo ligbt-boarted and full of thankful joy. ' Peter,' ho sobhod, and ho sat down by his bedsido arid clasped his old friend's hand, ' Peter, it is hotter that you should kuow the truth. It is all up with you, Potor; you cant digest thom. Ch, dear 1 oh, rioar 1 what a droaUful two days to look forward to! Forty- eight hours, tho doctor says — and tffen, 1 There is nothing he could tako to melt thom, without injuring his inside, uNjiere doctor ? a o ; I sup pose not. this is too dreadful 1' Andrav unclewufied his head in the boSeToRf®1 and. moaned. At this juncture tli4?or « tIlQ dressing- room was quietIV Jteonod and, Page, tho butler, entered WtgMr. Lawlor's boots. My uncle regar Q'111 with ficorntui seventy. 'Boots! 'lie exclaimed; haVL you no feelings, Page ? Good gracifitfj l really don't know what sort of sfeEf "B0rvaota__£re made of. Pago,' ibi added, in a tragic whi0pGrTao you know that Mr. Lawlor is dying? Dying, Page — and you bring up his boots — things he will never — never' — but an outbreak of grief prevented bim finishing his remark. 'I beg your pardon, sir,' began Page. ' Not my pardon, returned my uncle, in a solemn tone of rebuke . ' Not mine. Ask for pardon from above, you sinful creatmo. Go, man go.' You don't seem to quite undeistand sir,' persisted Page; 'it was not ulto- g> titer tho boots.' ' Not altogetbor the boots ? "What do you mean? Are you mad P' ' No, sir,' replied the butler, draw ing himself up imperiously ; ' I bnvo no occasion for supposing myself any madder than- any other people, Bir." And he glanced significantly at the bed upon which lay the sick man ' What I wanted to Bay, sir — but you would not allow me to do so, with all respect to you sit — was that James, the foot man, found these.' Aud he held up botweea his finger and thumb a perfect ro .v of false teeth, set in the purest gold ' James found them, sir, inside of Mr. 1 awlor's boots !' Looking up, Mr. Lawlor sew his tooth boing carefully inspeoted by his host. ' Good heavons, where did you got thoro from ?' ho cried, the eight of them having suddooly restored his voice. t ' Jamos found thom in your boots,', replied his host, with astonishmont, at bearing his friend's voioe a paiu, . Sitting up in his bed, Mr. Lawlor passed his hand over his forehead, "with a viow apparently of col'eoting his thoughts. - . ' What's troubling you now ? asked iny uncle, with a twinkle, showing through tho tears that were still in his eyes. Without paying any attention to tbo query, tho pationt soliloquized aloud. ' Dry mouth, rough tongue, parched throat, no teeth, what could one think, '' 1 1 don't know what you could think, ' interrupted tho Doctor ; 1 but h ad you given mo these symptoms I know what I should havo thought. ' ' What ? ' said tho now robust in- valid. ' 'Drink,' lacconically roplied the Doctor. 'But yon did feel them, dootor, didn't you ? ' cried my uncle, between his roars of laughter. ' If you only "had been hero half an hour sooner, you'd have got hold of them? You nearly had thom that time, oh, doo tor? You didn't go deep enough! Oil, thiB will be the death of me 1 Tho forceps were too short, weren't they, doctor? Well, if over I heard anything to beat that! Ha! ha! ha!' Never did I spond a merrier Ohrist- mns. — Truth. 