The Story Teller. JOHN TOLCOTT'S SUPER STITION. NOT A LOVE STORY. Hubert Lake caught at every straw* Despite the; seeming inevitable, he stir hoped for better thiDgs. The nurse also | spoke of A.'dele's fondness for a sewing | woman who had been employed by the housekeeper. S..o s.metitnes lud in sisted on tho woman s accompanying them on their drives. Tliese requests had always bje:i acceded to.' By all me.ins,' Mr. Lake cmputhically said, ?' even if we paid her for a day's work when she never took a needle in baud. ' It was unmis takably a goad sign — .v great step from the morose irritabiiity with which sin had persisted in shunning all her former friends. So Mrs. Tolcolt,who was the seamstress who lud attracted the wayward fancy of Adeie Lake, came frequent ly to the house, but took care never to meet the master. Her spirit had never faltered from tint terrible first hour when her husband had cried out against his life. S5!ie said noth ing about the strong t.ndcr- current that swept along -vith her surface life, but its force thrilled her inmost soul. While she had life she would fight against the wrong that had been done her and hers. She could not have told' in what it lay, nor whence arose the vague expectation that clung to her whenever she visited his lioasc ; but in some way connected with him she felt the mystery would be solved. One afternoon her husband came home later than usual, pallidly passive as was his -wont of late. Nine months he had heen hunting for work, but with the exception^of on odd day or two now anl then, had been .unsuccessful. ' You arc late, John, ' his wife said, speaking with a nervous buoyancy, after one hurried glance at his face. ' Nothing new to-day, bnt that is quite as well,' she continued quickly, noticing the sarcastic lines that deepened around his mouth, 'for I have brought a real live hope home with me to night, and we haven't had even the ghost of one for so long. ' Her husband smiled faintly and made an. effort to appear interested, so apparently mechanical that she had rather lie had not made'it. I met Mrs. Clyde, an old friend and school mate : and, as I had heard that her husband is to be a Director in the new bank some capitalists are projecting, I asked her to use her influence iu securing A position for you. She promised she would do all in her power. ' She stopped speaking, for henhucb.ind was regarding Her with a penetrating gleam in his dark eyes. --To whom did you refer her to Touch for my ability ? ' 'Why. to Mr. Like, dear. I had to, '' she a 'ded ; ' for there is no other business liian here to whom your abilities are known; You have never worked for any one else in this city. ' Johii Tolcott laughed a short bitter laugh. . : ' My abilities, my poor wife, are un avaling against the tide that Ins set against us. It is no use to fight against one's fate, aud mine is to be — unfortunate. It has been so all my life — childhood, boy- hood, manhood — and it will be so until I die. As time goes on, I only sink deeper and deeper into the gulf of misery. The only respite I have known was when you came and stood on the brink. I had no right to drag you down with me. It was criminal on my part, when I blinded my eyes to the fate that hung over me. ' 'No ! no ! John, dont think about such awful things. Don't give away. to such superstitions, ' she said bravely. ?' And if such really is our fate, we will die fight ing it. ' C Ah ! if she could only conquer this fatal superstition, for she felt its power over him growing day by day. ' 1 am going out again after dinner, '' Tolcott said after a moment's silence. And, as he lifted his head, his wife saw that the passionate tire had died out of his eyes; they wore again their hopeless look of apathy. ' 1 heard of something to-day,' lie continued, 'that promises work for a day or two and I must see about it to-night, for it is oxer two weeks no.v since I have contributed a penny to the household exchequer. ' After he had gone, Mrs. Tolcott finished the scanty housework needful and then went through the formality of getting out some sewing ; but. she knew all the while that- she would only sew for a few moments before she would fling tho work down and hurry, with feverish impatience to the neighbourhood of Robert Lake's house. An impulse too strong to be re sisted forced her to return and haunt the vicinity again. Her reason remonstrated with her for yielding to the influence. She needed rest and quiet, she knew : but where could she find them, while this feverish, gnawing pain at her heart 1 isled. Her landlady had said to her that morn ing, as John Tolcott nassed her to com mence his wandering search for tlie day : ' Fears like lie isn't over stronr. Seems 's il he's one 'torter work'ith liis head an' not with his hands. 'Pears more like 's if liu'd lost liis grip. ' List his grip ! ' The words repeated themselves until they made Mrs. Tulcott's salitude horrible. ' Lost his grip, ' and *' grip ' meant, in .voredlv phraseology, his woredly soul. Should she be able to keep that dear hand at its post ? To close her helping band over the inert fingeis and tighten their relaxing hold ? Sl-e threw herself into her cloak and hat. Walk — she must w.ilk — the house was stifling. The clock had struck five and Robert Like beg.ui to slmflle and sort, with the assistance of rubber bands of various sizes, the miss cf scattered papers tin; wore spread over the desk before him. He put on his overco.it and hat in silence, with tho exception of the single ' good night, ' addressed to the several clerks in general ; to which they responded with s.s mechanical an action as the clock's strik ing, being in the habit of responding re gularly at five minutes past five over three hundred days out of the year. With the exeention of this sinarle exnrcssion. he said not a word until he reached liis home. Many nodded as lie passed or said a word of greeting, but he responded only with a nervous gesture. ' He seems to be petrifying, his facc is growing so stony, '' a man remarked to his companion as he passed by. Great would have been his astonishment, could he have seea this ' stony ' man: in his own house, half an hour later. Is the front door swung back to the turn of Robert- Lake's latch-key, a figure stood at the end of the hall, that startled even him, accustomed as he was to his wife's vagaries. Theic she was clad in a loose tunic of pale blue silk, belted with a silver girdle and reaching only to the knee. Her limbs were incased in pale blue tights and on her feet were dainty sandals, fin ished at each heel by a tiny white wi -g. On her head she wore a hat of silver cloth, set somewhat far back, on the short auburn ringlets : and on the sides, over each rosy ear, was a snow-white wing. Her arms were bare and she carried a silver stall lightly in her hand, waving it about gracefully as she moved. '?'Liok at me ! admire me !' she called out, laughing gleefully, as she whirled around on one winged foot, for his inspec tion. ' You are always beautiful to me, my darling, '* her husband said, with a ceep sigh, looking at her soriowfully. ?' But don't look so doleful about it,'' she said, suddntly stopping. Then, with an angry stamp of her foot, she crowded rudely past him, ' Let mo go, I say, I shall get admiration enough outside : and what a sensation I shall create ! Her husband threw his arm gently around her aud humbly begged her to for give. him, promising to do anything she wished. ' I was only afraid ycu w»ulJ take cold in this costume, on such a bleak, bluster ing night, ' he said in the soothing tone one uses 'oasick, petulant child. 'See,' lie added, pointing to her feet, where the skin showed plainly through the thin silk covering. The anger died out of her beautiful eyes, and an eager interest flamed up in its place. ' Then if you will do any thing I wish, you will go at once and put on the costume I have had made for you. Iam Mercury, as you perceive : you are to be Neptune.' ' Well, my darling, anything to please you Only you must promise uie not to talk of going into the street again. I am at your disposal for an hour, then I must leave you, as I am obliged to return to the office tonight. '' ?' Only an hour, ' she said, pouting a little, '' that is such a little time tD give uv\ and, after dinner, we are to meet all the other gods. ' Eighteen minutes later, if one coul ? have looked into the dining-rooui, he would have sen an odd sight. Robert Lake, the dignified business man, seated at the head of h:s table, arrayed in a sea-green mantle, crowned with a gilt b:iub!e, and with a glittering tri-'ent standing behind his chair. Before he left the house he sent for the nurse, 'What is 'the meaning of this new freak ? ' he asked, with grave seriousness. 'What is your opinion of this change from t he passive state she has been in of late? What d';cs it portend ? ' He waited her answer anxiously. ' I think it is nothing of a serious nature, Mr. Lake, ' the nurse replied. ' She is'already tired of her queer dress, and says the gods were tiresome and she did not wish to see them. It was a queer dress, but it has innocently occupied her mind in planning and directing the mak ing of it. She threw it aside carelessly when she went to bed and I don't think she will ever ask for it again. All she wanted was her pillow lace-work and she's sleeping now as quietlv as a baby.' 