THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTIONS. Tee election of two members to repre sent the Central district in the Legislative Council resulted In somewhat of a sur prise. Of the sis candidates who sought the suffrages of the electors four have had Parliamentary experience, and two are untried men. One of the former and one of the latter were chosen. Dr. Magarey, who has been prominently connected for Borne years past with the movement for a chancre in the liquor laws in the interests of temperance, but who has not otherwise taken any notable parb in public affairs, was placed at the head of the poll. The second position was secured by Mr. G. W. Cotton, who waa formerly a member of the Legislative Council, and who was defeated the last time he offered his BerviceB to the electors. Mr. W. C. Buik, one of the retiring members, was — greatly to the surprise of his many friends —placed fourth upon the list. The return of Dr. Magarey was no doubt to some extent due to the votes he obtained from the local option party. His political views generally are, however, of a dis tinctly liberal caBt, and it is reasonable to Buppose that the support Be obtained was in the main attributable to that fact. He is a gentleman of known protity and intelligence, a South Aus tralian who has the interests -of his country thoroughly at heart, and should make an excellent legislator. The re election of Mr. Cotton to the Council is the deserved reward of honest and useful service in the past. He had a claim upon the gratitude of the electors, and it must be exceedingly satisfactory to himself to find that, although previously rejected by a district which did not know him so well, he ia now returned by the most important constituency in the colony. Mr. Cotton has none of the attractive graces -of oratory by which the free and independent elec tors are too often beguiled to their own injury. The best speech made on his behalf was his record a3 a painstaking politician, who has proved his capability, and is likely to be of still further use in the Parliamentary arena. As the author of the successful plan of settling working men on email homestead blocks, he has done good work, which must have told considerably in his favor at the recent election. While it may be admitted that the result of the contest has been to put two men into the Council who will probably jutjtify the confidence reposed in them, it is impossible not to feel some regret that Mr. Buik failed to secure his re-election. That gentleman has not, so far as we are aware, done anything which warrants his exclusion from the sphere of political activity. On the other hand, he has been completely identified with the party of progressive and liberal legislation, and he had a fair right to expect that he wculd be able to resume his seat in a chamber of which he has been for so many yeara a hard-working and useful, if not brilliant, member. There were no burning questions of public policy decided by the recent election. So far as regards the question of protection, both of the returned candidates are pledged to sup port the continuance of the existing system. It may be taken for granted that this matter is practically settled, and a candidate who proposed to sub stitute for the present policy a tariff framed on free- trade lineB would not, in popular parlance, have the 'ghost of a show.' Similarly, in respest of the Chinese question, there is such unanimity in favor of a policy of restriction that although the subject is one respecting which intense interest is felt by the public it does not in any way rank as a party issue. The candidates rejected with Mr. Buik were Messrs. P, B. Coglin, W. Storrie, and J. Z. Sellar. Mr. Coglin has had a long experience as a member of the Lower House, and Mr. Storrie waa formerly in the Council . Mr. Sellar has time after time made bids for legislative honors, but has never succeeded in in ducing the electors to give him the posi tion he covets as a Parliamentary repre sentative. He must be beginning to lose faith in the accuracy of the copybook motto that patience and perseverance will have their reward. Hia chances were, however, greatly discounted by his advocacy of the peculiar views of the land Nationalist patty. When prepared to submit a more acceptable programme he may yet have his ambition satisfied, and take his place as one of the chosen of the people. 