ECHOES of the STREETS; ? ' [By tommy Tbot.J ..... ,?? ...,; Our echoes roll from soul to ioul.' . , . — TBNNYSOir. On Sunday morning at St.' John's, in my quiet meditations between in j self and the Great Jehovah, I was gently tapped on tho' shoulder, and the tap so reminded me of Mark Taploy (not Dickens's creation) when ho served on me a,fi.fa. some 6O.y ears ago. But I discovered it was not the ghost of Mark, but my friend Mr. Babington. It appears that, although the worthy pastor had .overlooked the 'loaves and fishes' the good churchwarden was not disposed' to let us go scot free of the collection, the verger performing- a similar operation for the 'upper circle.' How different froin the other shop 'round the corner,': where they advertised a special subject would be preached, and when the' congregation met 'the collection was taken up: '- ?'? ?? '? One of the street echoes on Saturday last — 'Have you been to Rusden's to look at that gown?'.; -Well, the; result was all Launceston. went, and - no, .wonder, because it was a work of such artistic merit never seen before in the town of Launceston, and I. question, if anywhere .else.' It; was- oil painted views on .'black .,- satin,, exe ,cuted by a ' daughter of Launceston, a self-taught artist. ' She ' is of the second -generation, being 'a grand-: daughter of Mcs. Preshell, and wife of Mr. ? Carl' Burro wes; I believe she has never i been out of the town 'of Launceston, but she has inherited natural abilities, anclner industry has' helped largely to develop] them. I believe I am correct in asserting, that her first effort to paint on satin was to commemorate the marriage of Mr. C. B. Grubb toMiss Harrop, when, amongst the wedding presents was a framed; square of white, satin, bearing the united coats of arms of the two families and clasped hands, surrounded by a wreath of native flowers. The needlework and wrpntVip nn tho itnnm exhibited on ' Saturday are the work of Mibs Gardner, and where one has excelled with the brush the other is co-equal with the needle. Being a bachelor, 1 ? am not able to describe, as a man milliner could, the length of the train, but I had to stand such a distance off that how one' could have waltzed with the wearer was a puzzler. It .is '. gone' to be' exhibited-in tho Tasmanian1 Court at the Melbourne Exhibition, and- 1 hope it will some day adorn the person of a Tasmanian belle. -,7,-'-' '' ~: A word to our1 rising' 'youths and maidens. There are many who have no trade, no profession, no' ;object before them, nothing to do; and yet have a great desire to do something, something worth v of themselves. To such1 1 would say, the workmen's and j uvenile ?? exhibition now presents itself to you. , Here is an opening to .display your ability and your taste. Pair maidens try : to. imitate the- two who 'have worked upon that dress— not that I.want you to make^dreBaea alone. I .presume , .various : prizes ^for, all kinds of needlework, cooking,, drawing-, painting, sculpture,, and. various other subjects too numerous ;to enumerate here will be offered. A woman without employment, nothing to. do, is an absolute pest to 'sbciety. 'A man: without employment' is riot .a ' manr. He does not prove by his works thathe'isa inan. -He- cannot act a man's part. A hundred pounds of bone and niuscle; is' not aman. A good cranium full of brains is not aman. \ The bone and musole and'brain: must know how. , to act a man's parti do a '' man's work, think a man's thoughts.nmark out a; man's path; and bear a man's weight pi character and. duty, before?. they con stitutea man., . k man is body and soul in action.. :A,statue, well dressed, may appear w- De a man, so may a human being. But to be a man and to appear to be are two very ' different ' things: Human 'beings grow,, men w are made^ The being that grows te the stature 'of a man is not a man till he is made one. ' The grand inatrumen tality of man-making is 'employment. I have always stood up for our boys, ; even those whom some may call larrikins. ?True,' they may show a little undue .exuberance of animal spirit on the football and criokot ground, but some of our. best, ?men: were good cricketers and footballers,- L- -Mr Stead, editor of the Pall Mall- Gazette, excelled as a cricketer.- Now; I want' our growing man , to be something more, than a, mere, footballer or cricketer.' I do.nofc want the rising1, generation to be, gas-b'a^' fetid air bubbles, who burst and are gone. A lazy youth will make a lazy man, .just as sure as a crooked sapling makes a crooked tree. Now, my boys, I want you ?to go to work with a will at ' this coming exhibition,' which will' certainly ' take place. Men are not bom— they are made. Genius, .worth, power of - mind are due more to industry and' training ;than- to birth. . Genius-born;. may. grovel in ^he dust ; genius made by work will mouat to the skies. ; Our great and. good men .who stand along the paths of history, bright and shining lights are /witnesses, of these truths. Tne7 stand as, everlasting pleadors for' industrious. wprkera. One word, more. My boys, 'I .expect you to do your duty, so does the town'of LaunceBton, and Tas mania demands you to 'place her in that position for whibh nature has adorned her. ;' '!'; ;.:- ??'??-'' ,.;' ?; ;:' -?'?? ? xi tnere is one pesc. more cnan another that has -grown up in cur midst is' that abominable thing called the skating rink. Here- the sexes mix indiscriminately; -i: The dancing saloons were bad enough, but the skating rinks put : them: to the blush; While our moralists hold up their hands against our- sacred concerts in the public gardens, where all acts, are seen in the broad: daylight, where any act ,pf, impro priety is immediately, stamped put, where the moral bearing of the people checks immorality, 'they tolerate these' skating' rinks. The coarse laugh, the idle'jegt, the vulgar sneer of the uncultivated is sanctioned, betfause it brings a few canker copper coins to the pockets of the pro ?moters. ? Parents, look to it; ' ? ? ?' ' Oh, granny, granny, come and see'tbo evening star in the horizon.' ' Look hero.' Bonny, don't go abotherin' your head about no evenin* stars. Take warning by that .astronomer who went star-gazing' and didn't look where he was - agoing, and fell into a well, and there he is now for what I kno w. You j ust keep your head a little lo wer j down, sonny. , The. evenin' star won't. fill'; your belly, and 'if you' get a star- waning; instead of getting .star-fed; you'll get runner j run on now j got a copper or two. The; weather's cold,; 'the fire's' out, and nothing in ? the cupboard, 'and poor old' granny's cold and hungry.' -'Look here, granny, what's tho use? Cold and hungry, we may be, and cold and hungry -we must be. But we can't star- ve, granny, , so here' goes , for- another, trip. ,; Hello, the evenin' star's a-settin'.- : Blowed if I didn't think iit was in the east, whereas, it's in tho western horizon. Good night, granny, I must get an honest penny somewhere, or poor granny'll star-ye. , That's how it'll be if I; get .a star-gaeing,- instead of looking where. I'm agoin'.'' ' There is a charm, a fascination, in seeing one's name in print which few' can help feeling, 'deny it as we will. And we want our names spoiled exactly right, too. ' The average man. is1 not T-erhaT-a as anxious about the 'spelling as the gentleman mea tioned below. It saay. depend on circum stances. He wrote t« the editor as follows : —'In Gaol, : ? —, '88.— Mister Editor,— A piece come out in your paper about me being arrested and put in quod for stealing a dog and some chickens and getting into a fight. The piece is all right, only you got my name spelled wrong. My name is Jim S. Barlow, and not John L.. Harlow, as you print it. Please correct, and oblige me with six copies of the paper to send away, for which I will pay when Tgit out. — Tour friend, Jim S. Bakiow.' From the same country as the above comes a seatitnent, to which, as it is. given for your benefit, Mr. Editor; I expect you to say ' Hear, hear ' : — There are scores of people who would never dream of walking into a tailor's or a hatter's shop and asking for the gift of a waistcoat or the favour of a hat , gratis, yet who can see no impro priety in calling on the publisher of a newspaper for the gratuitous announce ment ; of a course of lectures, a patent fly trap, or any other notion, in the bringing of which before tho public they happen to have an interest: 