NORTH ROCKHAMPTON. (from our own correspondent.) Wo nro not to have any regatta on Satur day. It seems a pity bo littlo enthusiasm is shown in tho matter. With a rivor like tlio Fitzroy wo ought to liavo ton rowing clubs instead of two, and all prosperous. It would bo dangerous if I woro to say much as to tho superiority of lioating over football, but no ono can deny tliat tlio former manly, lioalthy, and puro exuroise, turns out a class of men of a vory different stamp to tlio rough and often cowardly football. Thoro will bo somo racing on Saturday by crows from tlio Vulcan Hin 'PnliiiTNniili n(ISi>n. n.nrl Walfnr A' UUUUIJ f UllU » - Reid and Co.'b employe, a J22 2s modal and a show for tho beautiful silvor galloy will bo tho rewards. Tho usual mooting of tlio Council was bold on Wednesday, and it was decided that the water hores wore to bo " smashed." Other bores aro unfortunately not to bo " smashed" at present. It would " augur" woll for tlio Borough if thoy were. But tho fino old game wont on brnvoly, and wo had tho old original " fippenco," tho triplicate lcoy, abstraction of tlio butt, tho disclosures, tho detective, tho burglarious entry, tho Mayor's spirits, and tlio broken lamp. A tender for tho purclinso of tho old tram rails was ro; ooivod, and "not" ncoopted, nud'thon the Aldormon wont homo, and ,tho mistrcsB said to tho maid, "Why Mary, I told you to make up my room an hour ago, and lioro it is in a nico state," and tho maid said, " Yes mum, and I did make it up ; but tho master camo in to put a.clano collar 011 mum. and bo lost tho stud, and ho wont out." And thought of liis frionds who'd grown portly in stout, Who never on alo appeared ailing,- If lie only might daro to. take " something short," Would tho toototal ghosts start a wail-. . ing.- A pub ? Yos ho will ? He's hopped in liko abird, ' But tlio curtain shall fall on our brother ; I'll only, record .that tlio last words T heard, Were ' now Polly lotsli 'ave jus' anotlior." Tho water trough at tho end of the bridge is:as dirty as over. I don't think it wouid bo a bad plan to rnako tlio " foreman cleanser " drink a quart of tho prasent con- ! tents. Ho would make a " pint " of attend-' ing to it moro regularly. The mooting hold on Tuesday last with reforonco to a wator supply for tho borough ended as all similar tnootings do whero a fow, selfish pooplo aro ablo to put thoir woodon heads together and block ovcrytking in the , shapn of advancement for this or any other; tqjvn.- Shortfy aftor tho conclusion of tho moot ing wo were vcry nqarkfJmjg.. a fire that would liavo cleared m|Bjilock of p.lnRpl v nocked cottaneB. SrafflRacs and wasto paper caught fire in a kitchen, and would liavo made a big blaze if not chocked in timo as it was. One of tho so-called weaker box took strong mcasuros, and extin guished tho flare-up. I heard a vory inter-: osting ' paper read not long ago on tlio "Increased Destruction of Life and Proporty by Fire." What is tho remedy? Tho practices of various countries woro carefully detailed; Russia, . it bcoiiib, is tlio only country which systematically records tlio destruction of proporty by fire, and it' is curious to note that those records nro hold to indicate tho measure of political content or discontent which provails. This sad type of thermometer rises to a high figure dnring tho "Nihilist" cxoitomcnt. Tho Chinese induco vigilance by making tlio ontiro dis trict responsible for any fire wliicli occurs in it, but there must bo somo difficulty when tho ontiro district itself is burnt out, not an uncommon occnrronco whoro woodon houses provail. The United States appears to pos sess a firo brigndo system which, for com pleteness and oflioicncy is nowhere ap- proocliod. ' Tlio causes of fires in dwelling-houses may: bo grouped under two heads, (1) carolossnessj nnd (2) wrong-doing ; and it would scorn that under the second category tho majority nf firrtfl umafr hrt Ttlflrtrtil. A frtrtr! rrtmfiflv.ii; ; s«ipd, JMitulf which is "objured" I notico that a French journal gives a recipe for a fireproof paint or varnish, which is mado without tho help of nsbostos. Tho formula is : Finoly powdored glass, 20 parts; porcelain, 20 parts; any kind of stone, 20 pnrts ; calcined limo, 10 parts : mixed to a propor consistence with silicate of soda. Tho first coat of this paint will hnrdon in a fow hours, aftor which another coat can bo : applied, when tho wood or other inflammable ! sitbstanco so treated may be considered fully protected. . Biisinoss generally seems to bo moro lively ; now bouses and shops aro going up, and I should say " census " matters arc not 1 neglected, if ono may judge from the follow ing: "What's tlio matter, Mike?" "More fun> this mornin,' sor." "What! Twins again ?" " No, sor, faith, its triplets this : time." " Yonr'ro getting on." ."Goftin on, is it? Bogorra, I believe tho noxt '11 bo ' quadrupeds." ' Tho Lakes Creek Works will soon be as ' busy and as prosperous as evor. Tho new frozon moat contract will require largo addi tional spaco to carry out tho arrangements, and several now refrigerating machines arc ordered. Tho additions and alterations will mean an outlay of about .210,000. Onr Yaamba Road 'bus is woll patronised, nnd during tho summor months will bo highly appreciated. I think if tho journey woro continued, say ns far as tho Central School in Williani-stroot, it would bo a still greater convonionco. I do not mean at tho samo faro — an extra tliroe pence would be cheerfully paid. The Emu Park Railway has been so much worriod that there is littlo to say, except tlint wo are all looking forward to the luxury of a grand son bath without tho preliminary horror of a six hours' pulverising over the neglected highway. It is quite time something was done to regulate tho traffic on the bridgo. Fast and furioiiB driving is now quite common. A notice board to tho effect that a " Walking pace, only " is allowed would be something towards it; either that or an Alderman run ovor. ' " 