A ROMANCE OF FOREIGN MISSIONS. [Br tbe Bey. Joseph Parker, d.d.] "One Simon, a tanner."-acbx, 6. You Enow that preacnere are xanancs. im me speak to that point, for I, too, am a preacher. We are not preachers because we are incapables. If some of ub bad been sent to school early enough we I might almost have got a living as—clerks. There are some ministers who, if they had been taught to read and write, might have made even solicitors. We are not preachers because we have had no other choice, or because we are fools. We have quite other reasons for being preachers. Bnt let us go to a man who was no fanatic. His name shall be Charles Darwin, a man of whom atl civilized men . are proud, and for whom they thank God—a monu» ment of patience, Industry, impartial criticism, in exntable persistence In tbe line be believes to be r f.ht. I will have no dishonour cast witnont pro fa st on that Qlnstrioos name. Some long time ago, let ns ear roundly half a century ago, fie made a ciicuit of tbe world In H.M.S. Beagle. He says In b'B own writing that he called at one place, Tien a del Fuego, and there he seems to have lost humanity. There were men, women, and children there, the like of whom he had never seen. It seemed as it, whatever their origin might be, they were going hack to all but utter beasHality. He left the place in horror. He wrote about it that the case was irremediable. He spoke of it in tbe strongest terms which a philosopher or man of science may nee. Tbe British Admiralty warned its ships not to go near that coast. Let us have no shuffling. I bind you on your oath to reason and to be fair. Be decent, be juBt. The place was left to rot. Let that stand alone. Let ns go down to the dty of BristoL Here is a constable who pickB up a little bundle. Behold I it is a child—a foundling—left between two bridges, without a name, without father, mother, relation tbatconld be Identified. And because the little thing was found between two bridges he was called "Bridges," and because he was found on St. Thomas's Day he was called "Thomas'—Thomas Bridges, and there he was, nobody's child— " Only a pauper whom nobody owns." Keep your eye upon him- There he is, poor little Thomas Bridges. He is trained aa Britain trains hsr paupers, and a shocking, shameful way in many cases it is I He it brought up from day to day, and by-and-by he says, "Ilove Christ. I want to be a missionary. I want to ge where nobody dee will go." Dear child 1 That which Is born in him is born of the Holy Ghost. The holy thing that is being conceived in his mind and heart is the child of the Highest, these are the miraculous concep tions abont whose authenticity we have no doubt 1 He must go. Arrangements were made, and he was sent to llerra del fuego, shunned by Darwin and the British Admiralty as a pest-house would be shunned. What is this letter? It Is a letter from Tierra del Fuego. The writer signs It "Thomas Bridges." What is his report? It 1b that the wilderness is blossoming like tbe rose. Ib that so? It is a fact. We are not dealing with theories or dreams of persons of Inflamed imaginations, hut with Bimple facts. Hen, said Thomas Bridges, are beginning to pray, to feel that religious wonder which is not far from religious worship. They are asking for clothes, for houses, for the ways of civilization. They are beginning to make moral distinctions. They are rising. And when tbe report was sent to Charles Darwin, what said he ? He sent a donation of £5 to the Church Missionary Society, expressing his utter amazement that euch a miracle could be wrought. Honour to whom honour is due. Who did this ? He who sent Peter to the house of Simon the tanner, which is by the seaside. Who did this? He who brought the Boman lord and plebeian or slave together In holy communion. Who did this? He who was murmured against because He had gone to be guest with a man that was a sinner. Are we going to let Him remain unpraised, unblessed, uncrowned? Are we to be dumb dogs when His name is mentioned as If we had never heard it before ? Or are we to recall the ancient enthusiasm of the Church, and give oar selves up saying, "God forbid that I Bhouldglory save in the cross of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." You, young men, I wonder you can sit still whilst there is one man lost. You will not blush when your Master's name is mentioned, will you ? Ask others to instance works like these, cor roborated beyond all dispute, and if they can we shonld duly consider their import and value. I am not bound to any book or to any mam be the book called " Bible," or the man called " Christ." I will relinquish the Bible the moment yon can supply a better. That is all I am waiting for. I will re linquish Christ when you can produce a man who has done more for the world, who has more per fectly revealed the Father, who has more completely interpreted the need and function of sacrifice. I feel that we are standing upon a rock. This is the revolution to which we are all committed. This would bring to a beauteous reconciliation ail con troversies between capital and labonr. This would settle the grave social problems of the day. This would rebuke human nride and vanity, and make man see in man a brother. This would bring about "The parliament of man, the federation of the world;" end nothing else will ever do it. We have lost enthnsiasm, passion; we are afraid now of being sensational. We say abont a man who mumblaB his words so that nobody can hear him that "there iB nothing Bensational about him," which is per fectly true. There Is nothing sensational about a paving stone! Bnt there seems to be something sensational about these leaping, vibrant, throbbing stars that are ail in a tremble of joy 1 There is nothing sensational In death, but there may be In the mystery of life. We are cutBed by respectability. Sydney Smith eaid the Church was dying of dignity. Are we not all dying of passlonlessneBS. How flippant our talk. How superficial oar relationships. How senBative onr vanity. Have we not quenched the Holy Ghost ? Where are those elllances that are forged in the furnace of Divine love, those unions that cannot be dissolved ? What if to-night we say, " The preacher is right in the main purpose and substance of hie appeal." This is tbe accepted time. Let us rise as one man and say, " We are for tbe Christ whomakes men brothers by making them sons of God." 