!*5UÏTVE ASSEMBLY. Txcusu, üoTiiun 22. -QTJMTIOBB. Ifc?¡!"8r hi npljr h, Mr. Slíplwn, MU «lut Oía ? *¿¡ wV. IwnTof provldisjr lidjlir?áeuaiinod* ^^^^^m íhé tam orl&BAllj; propofod. A ww schemoù being worked ont to meet" tba necessities of ti ec Sir HENRY PARKES, fa reply to Mr. Barbour, for 1 Mr. J. P. Abbott, Mid that a couwiuucsticn. had been re Crrtved from thu Regiitrar-Gauend, with a letter from Ibo draftsmen in tho Registrar-General's office, whoa« claims would be duly considera!. . Mr. ABIGAIL, in reply to Dr. Roe^ »id that in raf entice, to the prospecting voto fire application* had been Mr. BRUNKER, ia reply to Br. Ron, as to whether ha reserve at tho Shades, mw Molong, pariah of Bell, in the county of Wellington, waa likely to be thrown open for .election, «aid that the locality specified could not beidflnti&d; from the particular furnished. Then wu no pariah of Bell in the county of Wellington. In the pariah ot Bell, county of Ashburnham, there were four reserves, neither of which waa known ia the Lands Department ai the " Shade«," Sir HENRY PARKES, In reply to Mr. Day, as to whether Phylloxera v&atatrU; wai rapidly spreadb* in the colony, aaid tho following answer* had Aeon eupplied by tho chairman of tho Vin« Diseases Boara:-Beyond the Tin ey« rd* aacartained as being infected, nothing more WM known by the board ot tho spread of the diaeaao ; the exact area was not yot ascertained; tho total compensation cc old not yet be determined in the absence of exact measure- ments of infected arena; and that the compensation ia * cases was considered too high. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Barbour,... Mr. Garran, said that £80,000 had t^is year been voled for th« unemployed; but the amount expended waa £119,446 Ila. 3d., ¿39,446 Ila. 3d. being from tho advance account. Mr. 1ÎCRNS, in reply to Mr. Girvan, said the vote on the .Supplementary Estimates' for this year, on account of the unemployed, was in aces» of the expenditure up to tho present time by £7053 3s. Sd. Pending the passing of the vote, payments wore being made from tho advance account. " " HENRY PARK BS, in reply to Mr. Fletcher, said a had not the slightest objection to r"- *L-A g of the Parliamentary Represent Bili to be toben after the fl"«mrl»l debato. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Alfred Allen, v~ T*""1*''"id of the nuisance arising fror- ***--*? -* i Perk, said that he waa mn i do. They had to convert i nto a park, and they could not_ . i procesa. The park, when completed, would be i advantage to the municipality of Paddington such as ft would not be to any other municipality-(hear, hear) 1 and yet tbe poopie"would not bear the »lieht inconvénient» which, so far as ho could soe, was una voidable. It seem« of the unrivalled advantages the poopie ? of Psddingtoi would secure. So far ss nc could sec, tho improvement could not bo carried on without this temporary inconveni- ence. It seemed to him that the poopie of tho district could not appreciate the glorious advantages they would derive from the park Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Lyno, said the Government had yet to consider several proposed railways to be added to theschodnlo of proposed railways. These' would be taken into consideration and dui i berated npon without daisy, and probably the schedule would bo placed before the Bouse n Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Melville, who called attention to the alleged ghost which had appeared at the Little Bay Hospital, said ho agreed with Mr. Molville that care should bo taken not to have a nuisance of this kmd et a public hospital. Ile had some papers which had boen furnished by tho health officer, Dr. MacLanria, and as far as he cooli recollect, wfmittwl tho rumours -as to some apparition, but they could get no substantial evidence Upon the matter. The papers also disclosed that there had been some .dispute between one of the officers and the euperrarendent, and that there had been a good deal of un- pleasantness. Re would direct a moro searching Inquiry ti be made at once. He was as anxious as the hon. ai cm ber (Mr. Melville) that there should be no miaooodnet at the hospital, or annoyance to the patients. He would causo Sir HEART PARKES, in reply to. Mr. Melville, In reference to the supposed white leper at Little Bay Hos- pital, said that the friends of the person were extremely anxious to get possession of the patient, tb tako him away. The medical men could not sos their way to admitting tho person, presumed to be a leper, to liberty. Ho c ! That would bo an extremely difficult thing to do, arid if tho , Government undertook inquiries of that kind they would have their hands foll. He would, however, cause further 'aquinas to bo made into the condition and the relations' of be man and as to where he came from. r HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Wall, said 0 take steps to prevent tho escapo of ipers i rom nonoimu. Ho wss not aware of anv lepera 3minx from the Sandwich Islands to Australia, and he saw o necessity for th« establishment of a school for tho treat' taut of topers. follows :-" Colonial Secretary's Office, Brisbane, November 22, 1888. Sir Henry'Parkes, G.C.M.G.,-1 read with the sincerest pleasure tha tele- graphed account of last night's debate rn your House. Accept my heartiest congrotulationr ~ "- -"* : will brinfrna all into a united federal eouucU. (Signed) I TH os. ii ' Ii» WRAITH. ' ' (Cheers.) ELECTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS j COMMITTEE. Mr. Kethet was sworn in asa member of tho. Elections . end Qualifications Committee, i PETITION. Mr. PXXSXB. presented a petition from the Good Tero ! plan at Concambio in favour of the Liquor Licenses Veto 1 BUÍ. PAPERS. Mr. BDRSB laid npon the tobie copies of al] papéis, minâtes, reports of officers, having reference to the con- struction ot a railway from either Bowral or Moss Yale to Robertson. Mr. W. CLAKXY laid opon the table corrospondenc« re- specting Edward Brown Holt. It waa ordered that the decuman bi bs printed. SENIOR-SERGEANT - POWELL. Mr. WALKER moved.-" That there he laid upon the table of this House copies ot all reports by Inspector Law- less, Inspector Atwell, and other poUeeoSoers upon Senior sergeant Powell."' The motion waa agreed to. WAYS AND MEANS.-FINANCIAL DEBATE. Mr. BURNS moved,-'' That the Speaker do now leave the choir, and that the Homo resolve itself into Committee of Ways sud Means." Tho motion waa agreed to, and the Ho ase went into committee. GAR VAN said that sino» the dsbste waa adjourned considerable discussion and newspaper correspondence hs * taken place with regard to tho-actual expenditure witbii certain reara. The hon. member .for South Sydney (Mr.' wise) had mado sntementa on tb of figures which had been supplied t million and a half of the daring the year was a million in ex cass of 1886. If, there- fore, 1M Govorainent had economiaad to the extent of £1,260,0(10 and bad realised £1,000,000 extra revenue, there should have been a surplus shown at the end of 1887 of £2,200.000. As a matter of fact there was a deficit of £136,000- This supposed ecot then did not exist at all, but was the result of the operations of the Government during 1887, and con- tinued,during the présent year. . Instead' of there having been economy, tho expenditure was greater than what it was under the previous Administration. In order to have correct information on the subject ' he bsd communier*"1 with the Auditor-GaueaL and found that tho actual pendituro from the consolidated revenue for 18S6, excluí of.loans, appropriations, Ac. was £9,097,646 la. 7d.', and that for 1887 it was £3,216,191 19a. Id. Daring the debate he (Mr. QarvsnJ quoted figures analogous to these, but bo received aa emphatic oonJredicdou, and a reply that the exnaqditora in 1886 was extravagant, sud that the ex- penditure of 1887 had illustrated mo .economy of the pre- sent Government Bot now ' they had tho authority of tho Auditor-Genoraí, tba highest o/Beial sutbonty In tho' country on the colony's finances, that the ? expenditure for ' 1887' showed a considerable Increase over 1886. He had .alto written ínq^urúte; what the actual deficit or overdraft ou tho consol ¡dated ^uo fund on December 31, 1886,' and as to whether il had increased during 1887- The reply wss'that the actnal overdraft or 'deficit waa in the ono year £1,646,846 4s. Bd., sod in tho other £2,173,371 9s. Bd., cir an'increase over 188C of £627,073 6a. The Treasurer had charged to ieddt of his predecessor money spout on tha ployed which should have boen charged to his _tenn of office. Other items which had all accrued on December 31, 1886, had also been charged t the ta pen di turo of 1886, and had 'in consequence relieved ' " Vf the obligations which properly attach od to himself. _J ore rn ment contended they bad succeeded in bringing the expenditure within the income ; but this statement was mada by the Colonial Treasurer evidently without a proper knowledge of his obligations to that o ¡Bec, and what votes should come out of the consolidated revenue. The Colonial Treasurer was indoîging ra a.dangerous practice racharg rsinst the loan votes soma that should come out of the ^_lidatod revenue, and ho maintained that loan votes should only be charged for works of a Kprodsetiv« charac- ter. (Hear, hoar.) If the Colonial Treasurer wno permitted to "borrow money for unjustifiable purposes, of ? course then would ' ba no dffltaltr what- f aver fas ajflnoMng . balance. He waa confident that tbe «omnities .was not aware of tbe anomalies In respect of t&o; charges against tho-Ioan votecand consolidated re renae as well ss the 'dangerous practices involved. Itwas to-be regretted that tb* cums for tho Darlinghurst and Central Polios Courts shouM havo to ooma oct of the loan votes In view of tho fact that the Government «had 'so large an In« otoo . 1 be lest ax pen di tu re on tho Darlfnghnnt Court carno ont of the consolidated rsvenao, and the present ex- penditure was to come out of tho borrowed money. Under the ' circumstances a balance-sheet could not correctly represent to the co on try the state of tho nuances. Ito waa inviting the higher attention of tho committee to the principles Involved in tho carrying ont of - such works, and endeavouring to lay down principios which he deemed sound, and which should be observed in tho expenditure of tho country. Ho contended that the n«mwi statement should bo made a document of perfect accuracy ; it ought not to be excelled by a document of similar character dealing with a private I business. It should be explicit, foIL and accurate ; but there wore fow iu that House Who had examined it who would agree thai the Treasurer's statement waa such. Tho ¡ House had a right to criticise anv attempt made to borrow money for purposes each ea had boen referred' to that even- ing. The construction of our railways ought to DO tho re- sult of the proceeds of the sale of our lands. Worn-out railway stock should bo replenished out of the con- solidated revenue, and not charged on the loan vote. Whilst bridges wore au admitted portion of our highways they were works that should bo constructed from the current revenue of the year. During 1856 the income of tho year waa £7,953.000 ; during 1S37 £3,690,000, or nearly £1,000,000 moro than in 1886. Thia was in no way the result of statesmanship on the Treasury benches. Whilst tba Government abolished the ad valorem duties they collected tho revenue for nine months oat of tho yeer. They also imposed new taxes-on colonial boer, on tobaoco, and on colonial spirits. Undoubtedly the Colonial Treasurer had gained additional revenue by this means ; but more English, American, and Gorman, beer had boen imported. Mr. COPELAND : That snits the importers. Mr. GAKVAN: If that was their design they had suc- ceeded very well; bot it could bo shown that, beca aso of the extra duty on beer, many workman had been thrown ont of employment With the additional revenue it had received the Government could have wiped ont tho deficiency ; but instead of that it bad increased it. Thedcfieienoy remained ia all its original power and strength. He maintained that the _ Government was deserving of extreme censure for having sacrificed tho public! ands, when {bose lands were not required for tho purpose of settlement. The Govern- ment could have afforded bettor than any speculators to hold these lands for the sake of tho Increment. Thesurplnsof who understood figures. ""^ ' ^ Mr. LYNE contended that the financial a fa lament sub- mitted to the House was not worth the paper it was printed oc^so^far as reliability was concerned. If tho Premier had predecessors in office he would have toldan pèophfthat there was a deficiency because tho public óslate had boen conserved. _ That was tho true and only reason why thero was a deficiency when. the present Government carno into power. If thero was a deficiency wo had the land-the asset. If the present Government had been true to their statement before they carno into office tho deficit would havo been almost two-thirds wiped out; bufthe Government had absorbed every item of revenue that should have gono to reduce tho deficiency. Tho Treasurer hod not treated the Country /airly in the matter '; but no man had ever received greater rond*lunation than had the Treasurer from tho Auditor-General. That official had pointed out that tho accounts of the enlony were improperly kept ; and JSr. Hayter, the Victorian Statist, had said thal no other colony in Australia kept accounts aa did New South Wales; in ¿oct the accounts were kept in such a way that they could not be compared with the accounts of Victoria. Tho Treasurer had staled that ho would have a surplus of £300,000, but Mr. McMillan had stated thal tho receipts and expenditure about balanced. Had be gone a little further into the matter he would have found that there would be a deficit of about £177,000 at the end of thia year. Tho Trea- surer had done all ho possibly could to hoodwink the committee, and figures had been manipulated to show a balance where there was no balance. The total amount received bv the Treasurer from pastoral occupations during the years'1885-6-7-8, wes £2,065,82*, being an avarage of £713,956 for each year. Referring to the amount received daring tho two years, and the state- ment mada by the Premier aa to tho amount received from land sales,' he had taken the trouble to divido the land revenue into periods, jost to seo how the question came out, and how far the étalements mad o could bo con- troverted. He found that from 1875 to 1878 tho total receipts were £10,355,020; from 1879 to 1882 the amount was £9,130.841; and from 1883 to 1886, the administration of the Stuart-Jcnsings Government only £6,929,821, as against £10,000,000 and £9,000,000. That was the secret of tho deficit. When the présent Premier was ia ornoo ho kept space with the expenditure by tho sale of Crown landa. In 1832 the Parkes Government realised from the land revenue ££¿»14,39-1 ; in 1883, with the Stuart Government; it waa £l,6o6,000; in 1834, £1,753,000 ; 1835, £1,736,000 ; 1SS6, £1,643,000. and in 1887, when the Parkes Government returned to office, the «mount derived from the sale of land was almost the soma amount as in the year 1882, In connection with the taxation at nor head of population, ho -found that it was £213a. id. in 1886, and during tho last year of tho Jennings Government it was* £1 13s. Td., and when tho present Government carno into office again lt went up to £2 6s. 6d- Tho bon. member for Eden had clearly dis- proved tho statements that tho Government had reduced the expendí taro teavory groat extent, and had demontrated that, on the eonrrary, the Government had increased the expendi- ture. Ho quoted from three acts of figures, which hud been given by Mr. Wiso, either in jrpceches or letters to news- paper*, having reference to the receipts and expenditure of the Government, and contended that they wera all wrong. It was all vt ry well to say that tho expenditure had been decreased ; but the reason bad been because of tho stoppage of the public works of the colony, the very works which ought to have been increased if tho colony had been in a flourishing condition. Tho expenditure this year and next year wouM be greater than had ever been known in tho history of the colony. This Government, which charged their predecessors- with extravagance, came down to the House after two years, and showed that tiley had not de- creased tho expendituro, but that they hadincreasod it. Mr. ROBERTS : We brought it within the revenue. Mr. LYNE: Because they filched revenue from sourcos from which they should not have done. Revenue was re- ceived for pastoral rents, which ought to have gone to wipe off th« deficit, but which the Government applied to gene nil Mr. BURNS : There ie « .surplus. Mr. LYNE : There was not a surplus, and the hon. member for East Sydney «aid thero was no't one. Let any- one look at the figures ia a disinterested manner, and he mart acknowledge there was no surplus. We had yet to consider tho additional expenditure io the shape of addi- tional estimates: How waa tho Treasurer going to wipe ont the deficiency 7 Previously he said ho was going to put £250,000 a year towards it ; but he did not do ¡L .Then he said.he was going to wipe it out in some other way. Now ho came down to the House, and said nothing at all about ii- The only conclusion to arrive at waa that he waa hoodwinking the country. He knew that Parliament expired by effluxion of timo next year. Tho Treaaurer went to a great length in comparing this colony with Victoria. Ha took certain items to show tho prosperity of «thia colony, but left out thoso which would have shown it was not so great. Comparing 1886 with 1887. tho manufactories here bad decreased, and especially had that been the case in the iron trade. He could enumerate other reductions in the same way showing our downward coarse. Tho Government Statist of Vic- toria said that the returns compiled in this colony did not show tho legitimate manufactures. For his district the return showed upwards of 100 chaaVcnttibg - estab- lishments, whereas there waa not one in the dis- trict. If the returns for other parts of the country were onalyecd, he would undertake to say that precisely the same result would take place; Thero wore no manufac- tories in the true sense in New South Wolca. (Laughter.) The Government had broken their pledgee to the country in not passing the Local Government Bill and the Land Bill, both of which the people wera crying out for. The only promise the Government had kept was that with re- gard te abolishing the ad valorem dunes. No Government had ever done such iniquitous things as tho present Government in the ex pen di tura of money, tho purchase of I land, and the making of appointments. Concerning the I appointment of the Railway Commissioners, he considered ; Mr. Eddy would prove to bo a good man, but he thought a man to fill the third position could have boen found in this colony, without going to the protectionist colony of Vic- toria for a man who oonld not get a position there. This colony, having greater natural wealth than any af tho other colonies, should be far ahead of them in everything ; but whilst ano came under the wot-blanket policy of the Premier tho would never attain ber truo position. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TONK. IN said that no doubt the Trceonrcr's state- ment was a bitter surprise to the bon. gentlemen of the Opposition. Their anticipation was a deficit, bot thero was to bo a surplus, which to the Opposition was like holding a red flag to a bull. If the Government had only managed to atop the rapid downward coorie consequent on tho lavish expenditure of previous governments they had done wonders. Thia colony waa galloping away from protectionist Victoria, where the youths after being apprenticed and serving their time at a low rata of wage had to go to labouring work or ooma to'New South Wales. In the protectionist countries the shilled meehanio had no chance unless ho went to a free-trade country. Wages In thia colony wera higher than is Victoria. (No.) Be repeated that they were, and In sup- port of hie statement he might say that 'tho lowest olass of railway employees in Victoria received but 6s. per day ; in New South Wales they had no flvo- shilHng men em- ployed on the railways. It waa only a few months ago that a circular was distributed among the mom bers of the Viaterian Assembly,, stating that the rata of wages paid to the railway employées was so low that it was almost impossible for them to live. In addition, ho might say that he paid miners £210a. to £3 per week, but in Victoria th« same chas of men received but £2 5a. per week. The ' Government had dono nothing unusual In regard to tho charges set down against loan votes. It was* not correct that the Treasurer was patting charges In the loan votes for railway repairs. Taking everything Into consideration, tho Financial 'Statement wa» mast satisfactory, and a largs majority, not only, of the committee but of the people of-the country, wert astüfiod with iL ' (Haar, hear.*) Mr. ELLIS amid the Colonial Treasurer was not only ta bo ccngraioUteä upon hu statement, hat the luck ho had had lu making lt.' He wai'. not' satisfied with the remarks of the Treasurer with rogard to- the loss of sew toxntion owing to the .action of foo. Upper House.. Hj blamed tho TresuruTer for being lcd by tho* nose--by the leader of tho Opposition in giving s promise that hs would bot allow the Land Tax Bill to go Íarther than s certain stage until tho personal property tax vas passed ia tho House. For m the Land Tax BUL Ho would sooner see a five per c¡ ad valorem tax thoa an income tax. (Hear, hear.) A nve per cent, ad valorem tax was not protection. In tho.United .»tates 150 per cent, did not keep ont the imports. He Objected to on income tax, because under it they would bo sure to have a largo amount of fraud. Men robbed their creditors under an income tax by paying taxi* on fictitious incomes for appearance sake. Under an sd Valoron tax the Government waa robbed, and he preferred to see tho Government rather than creditors robbed. (Hon members : ** Oh, Oh !") He would. eiipport a property tax, because property should poy in return for servi ces rendered. There had been a (rood deal said about the Jugglery of figures, but his opinion of the Tressurer,s figures was that they a balance-sheet and did not put his liabilities dow uso of the argument that thor consorvod tho land. When that Government carno into power thero was a two million surplus, and tho Government of the country should have been Garrí ed on without land sates, especially as that Government was sent m to atop land sales. Regarding our railways, wo had Dover had the accour* 1 were as straight ss they were. Mr. McMillan had spokoi about irrigation and the expense of it; but were wo to irri- gate land for nothing? Was there tobe no return? The Eon. member also said that local government would not relievo the central Govemmont; bathe rtpprobended that the central Government would obtain a great relief. Tho hon. member also said that oar paying away two millions as Interest wss a danger to tho country, but he did not think so. The works horn which represented the monoy laid out ought to more than pay tho interest. Then tho Government bsd been charged with aafoir nces in respect to the monoy spout on the Customs House. ~ * 1 ~~*~ ebareo s vote in o_,_." _ ,_ , M Hear, hear."] Mr. Copeland, in nts speech, referred to Victoria, and soe rued to think lt was a terrible thing that we bought a tow thlnjrs we wasted from that colony. Tho piles of figures we had heard in this debate were i ~ that lerjro community, a dre nm« tan ce he much regn-ttod. Tbe Opposition often taunted the Government with not removing the duty from butter, cheese, ras unfit for the public cervice, and should bo dis- charged. Mr. LEE suggested that tho Colonial Treasurer should consent to an sdjournment At this singo. Mr. BURN S thought it was too carly to adjourn, re- marking that the greater part of the eveumg had been token up by Ur. Garvin and Mr. Lyne. Mr. SEE urged that the timeof theHouscon Wednesday hod boen takes up by a Government motion, which the Opposition, ehhouch it had their concurrence, wera not responsible for. Mr. WISH conic ad ed that valuable time was being taken up in discussions upon protection and freo trade, and hoped the sugirostion would not bo complied with. Mr. DIBBS said that to( attempt to force the debato to Mr. BURNS : Tho speech is not worth answering. (Oh, oh.) Mr. FARNELL hoped the debate would bs adjourned. Members could assert their right to speak. Mr. G ARV AN objected, to the daboto being adjourned. Stronger measures would have to be taken if tho request was not granted. Mr. BRUNKER said the sugrwfa'ca by tho GOT cra- ment was merely that they sha old continue the debate a little longer that night. If it could not be continued, lot them adjourn. (Hear, beor.) Mr. BURNS consented to the adjournment. Progress was thou reported. PAYMENT OP MEMBERS. Mr. W. CLARKE moved the second reading of the Parliamentary Representatives Allowance Bill. Sir HENRY PARKES said that ho deemed it neces- sary-to state that his opposition to the principles of tho bill bsd tu no way altered. Tho- only thing that could justify such s measure was to get a fairer representation In that Hoose, and better material to do the work of legislation. He believed the bill would utterly fall in that object Mr. JOSEPH ABBOTT opposed the bill, and said ho would under any eircumstanoes oppose- payment of mom bera unless it were thai tho number of members was reduced. Mr. HENSON also opposed tho bill. Tho Homo divided, with the following result : ATES, 31. Abigail Tonkin Dawson Fletcher Joses Bayeta Copeland Allen, W. J." KeUf Clarke, W. WcMUo O'Soli! van The following members paired : On tho motion of Mr. W. CLARKS, the House reserved itself into Committee of the, (Theil to consldor the bill in detail. The bill passed.through cooirnitteo without amend- ment, and was reported to tho House Tho report was adopted. " HUNTER-STREET, NEWCASTLE, EXTENSION read the second time Tho House then resolved itself into a committee of the whole.to consider tbs bill in detail. The bill was agreed to without amendment, and reported to tho Houso, and tho report adopted. ADJOURNMENT. At 10 minutes to 12 o'clock, tho House adjourned till 4 p-m. on Tuesday next. 