CHAPTER XIII. DALTON'S FRIGHT. In order to acoonnt for the advertisement, we most go back to the time when, in the beet epareohamber of the inn, a fair woman lay nndertbe mask of death, andpnblio cari osity was raised to its ntmost. The nenal means were taken to discover the culprit, hat bo caret ally prepared hadbeen all the details of tbe esqape that no light had yet been thrown upon the matter. The ooaohman had seen a man sitting motionless upon a. blaok horse at the corner of a pertain road, bat thoagh tbe road had been thoroughly searched, the horseman had apparently been Been by no other hnman being. It was tbe second day aft'r theinqoeBt.and several physicians had driven to the old Steaks honee, whose broad portals were filled with men who bad come for-miles, many of them to be preseot at the funeral services of old Omnny Staaka. Theee medical and s jientjfic gentlemen had eonaefor a purpose; ibatpurpoeewas dissection of the stomal of the poor victim, in order to ascertain what wc&tbe; nature qf the poison by which she evidently died. When the funeral corttge Isr vices cl that to remain behind* ga^^ifaeaerw^te^j aid not «o were inimtC quietly Btou^thfii kitchenand back premises. t ' , - ,' ' AnBrew, with-a took ®q" Ins; band as usual, sat in bis groteEqne f^on.BhouIders over ears, oblivions to aa &tt; TOs paeaiDg aboafc h'lrri. To him the aott, pentral tinta of the hill-Bide, the gentle curve of the valley, the flickering shadows of ygold and green that seemed to chaee each other over the fields, the intense blue oftha %-a Junebluethat sometimes creeps into%n autumn_atmos phere, the eloping isMfads of white cloud, fading from brightness into beauty were as nothing. BewM de^pinwmeinediffivaloon quest, "■■■■ * i•'> '■ ■- ■ Dalton had stationed himself by the win- dow from which ^ 3»ad called him a few evenings before. A late bird piped sweet music from the boughs of a solitary tree growing before the porch, It seemed to him like a shrine, that casement, whose paneaof greenish white glass >ere set in diamond shaped, and it was tote forever associated in his mind with ihfe singular intensity of feeling with which regarded an utter stranger. Kow he could hear gM movementB in the laheJr ohambct atwt ^^ Boand of rott talking. He Bef Ms lips t(%etffig ^ara aa he thqoght deed had tarnished the brightness of this poor, gentle lite. ' ' , Suddenly the handle of the door turned. A iongidbi face, with longish hair and beard, and a pair of green spectacles, under which the eyes looked as round and hard as pebbles, was thrust out. fie nodded towards Dalton as if he wished to speak with him. The boy went forward and eaw. that the man had a towel in his hand, and that his face was un naturally pale. ■ ] , "My lad,I wish you would call yousmotner immediately." . •« Mother's not at home, sir ; she's gone to granny's funeral." " Oil, yes," eaid the man, Eoftiy, looking at the wall over Dalton's head. " Oh, yes," h6 reflected, " I might have known. Ho w ia it with the maids—are they all gone ?" he Bfik^da Dalton notioed that the talk in the next room w&b; very rapid, and that there was^ a deal of confused moving about as of chairs and tables being pushed aside. " There's Hannah Crag, she that helps the cook," said Dalton, V and Mary Medway the chambermaid." " Which is the oldest asked the doctor, " Oh, Hannah Crag, 1 think. She's older than mother, though Mary Medway isn't much younger. They've both been here for years." "We may vrant two," said the doctor medi tatively; " but juBt at present yon may aBk Hannah Crag up here. Tell her to bring some water, boiling hot." " Yea, sir," eaid Dalton, and disappeared on his errand. - Presently he came upstairs, followed by Hannah, whose moon like face, smooth, gray * hair, small bine eyes, and pendulous ponder ous double chin were all quivering wiih curi osity. " If ever there's a thing I do detest," she ?aid, as she stopped for a moment on the: landing to recover her breath, 41 it's being i called anywhere to do anything by a dootor. How ever shall I face them all ?" " Oh, e&By; enough, Hannah. I don'HSup poee there's much to do," said Dalton. " It it was gruel, now, or wine whey—but I'll dream of it for nights if I have to see or j touch that woman." " There, I've knocked," said Daltou, " you must go in,"... and .as the door opened be. gently pushed her forward. Then he list ened. There was more talking, then a quick, ter rified scream, then the door opened. Hannah Crag znBbed past him, almost knocking him down, her face pale, her mouth open, and flew down the stairs as fast as her ponderous limbs wonld allow. It happened that as ehe disappeared, and before Dalton could speak, Mary Medway, who was a slender woman, with a dried up-face, though it was by no means an unpleasant one, was coming from somewhere in the upper regions, and just as she made her appearance opposite Dalton, the doctor's face was at the door. " Where's that fool gone ?" he asked, angrily. " Come in here a few moments and I'll pay you for it," he added, addressing Mary Medway, who gave one slow glance from Dalton to the doctor, and then went in. Dalton listened sow all in a tremor. What could it be ? Never had his cariosity been so awakened. Again a ory, though fainter and less surprised then Hannah Crag's had been, sounded in the stillness, but Mary did not come out as her predecessor had done, bat remained—and there was again a great rat tliog—then dead silence. What could it be ? Dalton ran down stairs to find Hannah Crag, bnt Hannah was not to be seen. She had fled from the house, and gone to a crony of here, a neighboring servant. There was a shed directly under the win- dows of the spare room, and into whose windows by standing on tiptoe he could look. It was easy of ascent by a heavy treUU -of wood-work which he had often climbed. With much labor he lifted himself from one cross-piece to the other till be alighted on the shed. The blinds were closed, but the aUts being moveable, he could manage to bring a part of the room within the scope of his vision. He distinctly saw Mary Medway folding a large piece of blanket, and then stooping over the bed. Just then, the same doctor who had appeared at the door-way oame forward, holding a vial up and shaking it. Still intent upon the thing that occupied hiB thoughts, he drew himself np by main force, holding on to the blind-fastenings, so that be oonld see thebed.'Tbena dreadful tremor oame over him. He ehivfered from head to foot, and grew dizzy, nearly falling, bnt Raving himself by a clutch at the Uinfc. lawful that the noise he made would at tract attention, he let himself down, clamb ered over the trellis, ran through the wide hall,and appeared on the porch so thoroughly up, that Andrew, startled from his book, directed his-attention that way, then gave a sort of shake to his shoulders that re leased his ears. ■ "Whatever'* come over you, boy," he queried, letting the book rest on bis knee. << l—L've eeen her 1" eaid Dalton withehat tering teeth. ft Well, what of it ? It s not the first dead body you've Jooked at in your life-time, isi it?" "Bat—but"—and -he clutched Andrew's afr»«nidpr with his shaking hand—"she's— not dead I" "What!" and Andrew sprang up withthe agility ofa monkey, " I—I saw her as plainly as I s«e yon; the bed-curtains were drawn, the pillows piled high ; she seemed hal£aitting, and I swear she opened hat eyes And moved her head." _ ... "Yon swear 1 Who ever heard such a erusy loon? He swears a poisoned woman, who has been deadtwo days, ia living—" " And ihat," said Dalton panning his own thoughts, '• Is the meaning; of the screams. Both of them 8creamed, and poor Hannah was frightened out of her wita.' " Well, what now? Wfaowas it screamed, and when ?" queried Andrew, picking up his bonk. "Sou are a great one to mystify folks." " Why the doctor looked Ont bf the door; I wa ~~yont mother.' I toM himihe had gone to .Uw funeral. Tb?n he Mked about the !*;•■ s® sfc™®)1 .Sii imtigjiiat'.:' - Stoen ■ ■Mary I bat .Wttt ftijoaiier was that I elimhed the old «hed, aoa what I tell you is troth. That poor creature we all thought dead,is as much alive as^ou or I. I'm certain X saw bez turn her "They're praotiemg on her with aralvanio machine—that makes dead people mo ve ' 'said ADdRv, crawling back to his seat, They're.doingnothing of the kind;*ehe waain atrance. likelier. There's Hannah coming back. I aay, Hannah, come here." Hannah Crag, like a lively , epitome of her ten^ed^ha^face pa?8 °d' het eyes fctiu dis" t "»?fw fndrew if l'm right," said Dalton. im t tnatpoor creatnre npHfcaira alive?" \- Ana he caught her by the arm. | " ™> Maeter Staaks. Oh, Lord,! im fit to lie down thiB.minnte and give op : the ghost,with the fright V* had thiableaeed ?* ¥ heart beats like a trip-hammer, And there a s ^ffi&d; been allowing dowh-niy apine ever sinoe. hgtdi how I was took J^®?8 «* lying there looking straight ait ■"■Mm, totii r said Dalton with start ung emphasis. BhAw>Bn't' *hen I'm dead-and ahe added, reflectively. ii»u««e-el That d*d I tell you?" ejaculated Dalton, in a tone of triumph. » **?!? like it-I never aid., continued Hannah Crag, helplessly. "I never, never did—never 1 never 1 never!" after which asseveration, repeated vrith the I"*?6*' Hannah shook herronnd Jaca till the vexing muscles looked ready I .rwP5ianr ,h« way to the kitchen, ) j-i ,, .1 J fhonldn't wonder II she never I th.l 4ndrew» composedly. "How sorry T?p*00ld h* knew it 1 •« »b0M it-to t«» 1Uo^ wiU»but rnl afraid not." Dal toniresponded, musingly, a smoaldering fire MV.Wl1"" oheekB lips burning. 1 "I5611 yon what, I've spotted him.1' " Yes I »qaened Anarew» incredulously. Ba^2aiart°?'didy0ad0 Mghtotthe n."J WWi lifcmeM. Never did anything of the kind so well. I mean to carry it about FiilS ££ p*~1 " telling him she's alive ?" hit of it It's murder in intention Wn iT1/0^' the ^rd-hearted vil Kaoer * y°n 00013 only havee^D AniS^'l20*"1-0 rxapBOdieB» my boy,." said b®?inninR to cuddle fais -ears down "¥Dn'd see beauty in a week ton.0017 W8it' that'B mattered Dal. rnw iA «,ne Stue'U 56 dead 8«"n to-inor row, Bftid the other, composedly. " People "!< n n PeB rera8citated only to die." ' -Ualtons countenance fell. "He turned away crestfallen, with hiH hands in his pock nrfr dlvers5®n occurred imthe ehape of Mary az'-'in^Ji^1?; £° they-think Bhe die «r! i'Daiton, spnnging forward. «t l£ll£l£" .«ted,«t»ru,8 !' Ob, never mind. I do know it. Is she faas^s?*"— " Did yon ever in all pour horned experience 1 ,caBe ? WeU' I^ ciean d™ 7 tolin88h8™ alive r came jest as near swoonding as I could, I'd a gone on WelJ wpn i doctor didn't a held me. say.'' wonder what the mistreBs will wn^L0^- ^ the shadow as the woman disappeared. Hcpe and happiness had come back to him. His heart ifDd his hands were faos. * shock had fervered his vring: the wcipent yearning for the sound of her sweei voice, the glance of her soft eyes that in older iW have laminated into pas th«« w ^ C^G.over bJm more strongly £ii S, f £ ®"i. 0h'14 waB heaven to feel that all that bright young beauty was not to be hla ffii tvf 1 / dul1 clode of eartb- sncI» as ™ nih^d^°n the old^randdameV Ko Hc should perhaps see her again; iar'iegt.ciom ^ia°J°Pre-PRre the ^pper, to which all the e?Peoted «o etay.if they yrished St aw™.8 qUlte n0Uccable that ^ry few "Itwas, a very comfortable burying indeed J'/nZ1010™^" laid 8 withered man,' Ao - M ,W L° aBked abont the faneraL "If a j 011'y have lived to see it ?" P??r °jd man never suepeoted he had made a blunder. Presently Dalton saw m°'ber descending from the carriage oa^* °n rsn with ^ agility of a To be Cont inued, • 