NEWS AND NOTES. The price of silver is continuing to fall, and it is now only quoted at 5s? 3d the ounce, in London. ',,,.- , t, -> \ Splendid rains fell yesterday in and about Perth, and there was every indication that the downpour was likely to be general. At the Fremantle Police Court, yesterday morning, six sailors were brought up, charged with refusing to obey the lawful commands, of their superior officers.' Mr.' Macklin prosecuted and Mr. Lovegrove defended. The men were sentenced to a month's imprisonment with hard labour. J . At the Perth Police Court, yesterday,, Thomas Casely, a t.l., charged on remand with supplying drink to natives, withdrew the plea of not guilty, put in the previous day, and admitted the charge. The' Magistrate sentenced him to six months imprisonment. On Whitsunday, at Geraldton, there were two celebrations in Christ Church, and in the afternoon the Sunday school prizes were distributed to the children. At the evening service , At t wood's setting of " Come, Holy Holy Ghost was song as an anthem, Mrs. Gale taking the solo, and the second verse being sung as a quartette by Mrs. Gale. Miss Mary Balston, Mr. Wells, and Mr. Garner. Mr. Justice Stone was present at the evening service. A telegram to a South Australian contemporary, dated May 18th states that in the House of Commons Sir John E. Gorst, for the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to a series of questions asked by Dr. Tanner, member for County Cork, stated that two of the charges brought by Governor Broome against Chief Justice Onslow had not been proved, and that the third charge, although substantiated, would not justify the suspension of the judge. Foremost amongst the life assurance societies, of the colonies, and it may be added in the first rank amongst those of the world, stands the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and the last report of the directors shows that this great institution is growing with the growth of the Southern Continent. The magnitude of the figures with which one has to deal in the consideration of the report before us the liberality of the houses to the members, and the cheapness of the working give it an almost unique position amongst life assurance societies, and are a tribute to the growing importance of the Australian colonies. From the Actuary's investigation report we gather that the total funds of the society are ¿7,468,246 5s. 5d., and the total liabilities ¿6,853,920 12s., leaving a surplus of 264 325 13s. 5d. The net profit which has, resulted from the operations of the last financial year is 2485 016 0s. 9d., and the sum remaining for distribution amongst the members is £375, 343 7s. 1d., after special reserves amounting to 228 982 6s; 4d. Farther particulars in connection with this flourish- ing society will be found in an advertisement elsewhere. We flight, however, point out' the increasing eConOmy displayed in regard to the expenses of management. In 1887. those expenses, including commission, were. 398 per cent, upon the premium income, and 999 per cent, upon the total income, whereas in 1886 the expenses were 1940 upon the premium income, and 19.63 upon the total income. It only remains to be added that the Australian Mutual Provident Society is an institution of which Austra- land may" well feel proud, for its eminent success is of widespreading reputation, and has gone far to make Australian finance respected in the great world. 