? MR. BLAND HOLT'S Company are making " New Babylon " boom at the Theatre Royal, and this is scarcely to be wondered at since the critics have long since condemned the piece as "sensational rubbish." The public like it, and pour their dollars in until Bland Holt and his pretty bride now realise what the feelings of land syndicates and owners of silver mines must be. Talking of sensational rubbish, we are reminded of a conversation we once had with Bland Holt anent this same "New Babylon." We were abusing the play as unmitigated rot. " Well, yes ; perhaps it is," said Bland, " but I don't mind paying you £500 if you will write me a batch of unmitigated rot that will draw like ' New Babylon,'" We have not taken up the offer, and as we fancy Bland was slightly doubtful as to our ability, we have long meditated this our present revenge. We publish the fact tbat Bland Holt is willing to give £500 for such another play as "New Babylon." Ha ! ha! Now will the budding dramatists make that genial manager's life one long torture. They will lie in wait for him with their £500 manuscripts to read to him. and the new-made Mrs. Bland will know the loneliness that surrounds the wife of a husband who has £500 to speculate in dramatic literature. Bland Holt was doubtful about our ability to write attractive " rot," was he ? We triumph now. We gloat over the manager's doom -talked to death by the legion of colonial playwrights. We are sorry that the insult to our amour-propre should thus necessitate Bland's martyrdom, for he brings with him to Australia this time a young wife, whose beauty and whose talent would have moved less stern powers than ourselves to mercy. Here she is— MRS. JiLAXD HOLT. Photo'd on wood by Messrs. Brewster<Sr Campbell, Elite Studio. She is just one of those bright gleams of sunshine upon the stage that warm an audience and that an audience warm to. Her bright eyes and her pleasant, sunny smile take the spectator captive, and her musical voice goes through him like an electric thrill. When Bland went home for Mrs. B., one could imagine the typical-curled darling of England looking jealously at Bland and quoting poetry, " Would I had been fair Inez, That gallant cavalier Who rode so gaily by thy side And whispered thee so near. " Where there no bonny dames at home, Or no true lovers here, That he should cross the seas to win The dearest of the dear ?" Further would we write, but for two reasons— viz., her husband and our wife. Alas ! we fear we are like that play—when, we get "our new babble on " we are inclined to run for ever. A CITILD-LIKE and Bland burlesque by an uushot author on " New Babylon." has been the special attraction at St George's Hall during the week. On Saturday night there was a immense audience present, all of whoni, we arehappy to state, are now on the royal road to recovery. The usual variety bill was also put forward, and the wrestling|matches, corner (not Connor) gags'i o-sus Charley Cogill and Perry Ryan, were eagerly watched by the onlookers. Further novelties are announced, including the appearance of the ever-popular Cecil Forrester in his clever impersonations. Miss FSSIE JENYNS has appeared as Portia in " The Merchant of Venice." Her rendering is a complete success, but we defer dissecting it till next week. " GREEN BUSHES " has been produced successfully at the Opera House, and " A Ring of Iron " at the Alexandra. ODR friend, Charlie Warner, has been paralysing the public and padding his legs. As to the paralysis of the public, Charlie has knocked them higher than ever in " The Fool's Revenge," and as Bertuccio is really a triumph. As to the padding of his legs, he does it to make the character of the apish jester more grotesque, and he succeeds, for he is— PA It Z5 A THESIS. Whether it's the pads or the paralysis we can't say, but the Princess' is crowded nightly.,- On Saturday " Old Heads and Young Hearts " will be produced. THE All-Star" Novelty Company continues to sweep everything before them at the Vie. Patrons will regret to hear that their old favourite, Hanson, has been on the sick list. As the combination are now playing their farewell season here the public should hurry up and not miss a good thing. Monty Browne (by-the-way, his son and heir has developed into a bicyclist) is here, there and everywhere. AT the skating rinks everybody is as happy as the flowers in May. Pretty well everybody patronises those popular resorts. AT Kreitmeyer's Waxworks Exhibition special attractions are being constantly made, and the attendances are as large as ever. —" The Romance of the Stage."—An enjoyable enter tainment was given in the Mechanics' Institute, Launceston, a few nigbts ago by Mr. Charles Francis Bearle under tlae title of "The Romance of the Stage." The audience was but a poor one, although the lecture was fully deserving of a larger. The lecture was a compilation of interesting incidents in the lives of many of the past and present distinguished Thespians. In prefacing his remarks the lecturer referred to the many romances in every department of life. His chief aim is to place before his hearers a few romantic features connected with the unseen life of the stage. The actor was described as the true hero of romance, who lived in a world of his own among creatures of his own imagination. The first actor referred to was the late Mr. G. V. Brooke, who perished in the London, wrecked in the Bay of Biscay. His last moments were spoken of as being courageous and heroic his farewell words to those in the rescuing boat were. "Remember me to all my friendsin Melbourne,'" andBO perished Australia's greatest actor. Then in turn thrilling scenes were depicted in connection with the assassination of Abraham Lincoln at Ford's Theatre, Queens of the Stage, Thespian Soldiers, Grimaldi the Clown, Joe's Bespeak, actors who have died in harness, Mdlle. Piccolomini, the dancing ghost, Handsome Conway and the widow, Walter Montgomery, Anne Bracegirdle and Will Mountford, Edmund Kean. In conclusion he referred to many ridiculous incidents in his own experience of stage life. The lecturer was frequently applauded throughout. —George Lee, the well-known " Reward Representative," of the Taylor-Carrington "Called Back" Company, accompanied bis principals to Melbourne on Monday, and is, as usual, in the best of health. —Grattan Riggs' seasons at the Opera House are an immense success. Grattaul why not lease a Melbourne theatre. Plenty of money in it for you. 