ON THE APOSTASY OF THE LATTER TIMES. St. Paul prepared the Church for what he called the great apostasy — or falling away. But before entering upon the consideration of this apostasy, or depar ture from the faith once delivered unto the saints, it will be necessary to state distinctly what this faith is. For this purpose we must connect the beginning of the 1st Tim. iv. with the ending of the preceding chapter, making known the confessedly Great Mystery of Godliness. The substance of this is, The God-man, after his suffering, received up in glory to the place of Mediatorship between God and men, for which office He, and He alone, is fitted, because in His one person He unites the nature of both, and therefore, " as daysman betwixt us," (as Job speaks) He can " lay His hand upon us both." And this singularity, or one ness, of the Mediator, is as fundamental a principal, or doctrine, of all revealed religion from the beginning, as is the oneness of the Godhead itselt. The First Commandment of the Decalogue, as republished from Mount Sinai, briefly asserts both — the oneness of Jehovah, and the oneness of the Interposer. "I Jehovah, am, myself, thy Elohim," (which word signifies an interposer under an oath: see Heb. vi. 17, in margin); " thou shalt have no other, or strange; Elohim (interposers) before my face." In other words, in the Trinity in Unity, itself, that Mediator, both of redemption and inter cession, exists, and is to be found, whom man needs, and instinctively1 feels his need of. And as 'when man fabes God; in prayer, he is to face none other; beside Him, so he sins not' against this com mandment, but, on the contrary, obeys it, both in the letter and in the spirit,' when he faces Christ in prayer, because 'Christ and the Father are one— Ho being " God of God, light of light, very God' of very God, begotten of the Father before all worlds,'' and before every creature that is, the Eternal Son of the Eternal Father, and His Only Begotten by an ineffable generation, ab æaterno. It is necessary that this definition of the faith, which the Scripture compared with Scripture, thus supplies, should be carefully kept in memory, when we are about to institute an examination into the predicted departure from it. The salient point of that departure is a prac tical rejection, or making void, and as of none effect, of the mediation of Christ. It is not an open rejection of the Chris tian religion, or repudiation of the name of Mediator : but it is a putting dis honour upon that Mediator, and upon His work of atonement, or reconciliation, by adding other mediators beside, who are trusted in and invoked more than He, and who thus steal away the hearts of their worshippers from Him who has loved them, and given Himself unto the death for them. The first thing, then, which the Scrip ture, by the pen of the Apostle of the Gentiles, charges upon these apostates of the later times — and that in no ques tionable language, like the lying oracles of antiquity, but expressly (retes) — is, that wilful sin, or sin unto death, after having received the knowledge of the truth, for which there is no forgiveness, and no encouragement to pray ; for where the remedy is rejected, and there remain - eth no more (or other) sacrifice for sins," what else can there be but " a certain fearful looking for of judgment andfiery indignation which shall consume the adversaries?" The second weighty charge, as we might expect,- which the Holy Ghost brings in the detail of apostasy, against a perpetually backsliding Church, is; that having turned away from Christ, and forgotten her first love, she has given heed to seducing spirits, who have turned her to seek that help from devils, which she despaired of finding in Him who is mighty to save. True she does not invoke them as devils, or unclean spirits, any more than did the Heathen, to whose superstition she has virtually relapsed: but as they worshipped these demons as gods and goddesses of a middle and lower clasB, and as if occupying a heaven between the Highest and the Earth, so these new Gentiles worship the saints departed, male and female (and especially her whom they call "the Queen of Heaven") as their protectors or guardians, and as mediators and mediatrixes of intercession more indulgent to their sins than Jesus. In fact, they make no scruple to tell us, in so many words, that " they fly to Mary for succour and shelter from the judicial severity of her Divine Son." And the more Binful and unrepen tant her votaries are, the more glory redounds to her from the exercise, which they crave with impassioned words, from her unconditional mercy — But are they indeed the saints departed, and is this indeed the woman whom "all nations shall call blessed," that are thus blasphemously invoked ? Have we any ground, whether from reason or from Scripture, so to think or to believe ? But is this incessant " Ora pro nobis," ascending, like the incense of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, and of the two hundred and fifty sinners against their own souls, who were joined with them, from the dark chambers of imagery of an apostate Church, poured out into the void of the air we breathe, and out of which the spirits of both the holy and unholy dead are removed, while their life less bodies, or dust, only remain present with us ? No : for the Scripture plainly tells us that it has other occupants, who, though we see them not, we may well believe are within our hearing. There are the angels, both good and bad, who are near us, and about us— the good, to keep us " in all our ways ; " and the bad, to tempt us to turn aside, and to deceive us, if they can, to our undoing. For, as the former, who constantly, " behold the face of our Father who is in heaven," are constantly sent forth, and going to and fro, to " minister unto them who are the heirs of salvation ; " so the latter aro not sent away into the abyss as yet, and being so far at . large, are as constantly going 'about; like their Prince, and, with him, seeking whom they may take in their snares and destroy ; and so far from being absent in hell (as is vulgarly taken for 'granted), they are, by their presence, and with their activity, deceiving the whole world:— and never more so than now. w These were the Demons, or lesser Gods,' of Paganism, as Augustine, in his "City of God," ably shows; and, their names only being changed, they are the petty ' divinities of a falling ; and ! fallen Christianity. Granted that their infat uated ' worshippers, whether' priests or people, are not aware of what they are doing, or do not so intend it. But this their mistaken intention will serve no more to excuse them, than did the same mistake excuse the unenlightened hea- then. Nay, inasmuch as these new Pagans, with the Scriptures both of the Old Testament and of the New in their hands, or at least within their reach, are sinners against a light which their pre decessors had not, they are far more guilty and more inexcusible than they, and they incur, therefore, a much sorer punishment. And what are the fruits of this hideous deifying of creatures, worse than idolatry, to which, however, it has been, is, and always mu3t be, closely joined? What are they, or can they be then, but an immortality as hideous; verifying the connection (as stated in Rom. i ) between worshipping and serving the creature " by the side of, and " more than " the Creator, and being " given over unto vile affections," and " to a reprobate mind to do those things that are not convenient?" And let it be remarked that this sin must always be on the increase wherever it is admitted, or finds an entrance. The Pagan Romans, as the ruins of their Pantheon still stand to bear witness, were always adding to the number of their divinities, as long as their religion lasted: the Hindoo Brahmins, have multiplied their lesser deities now to the number of three hundred and thirty millions ; and the Romanists are treading fast upon their heels in canonising, demigods or socalled saints. For as those who are expecting by the keeping of the Law to liveware, and must always be, tor menting themselves with the question, " What lack I yet ? " so, they who are re jecting the practical use of the One Mediator of God's own appointment— " able to save the uttermost all who. come unto God by Him" — are conjuring up unto themselves imaginary Mediators, who can neither hear nor save, must always be ready, with a greediness like that of the grave, which never is satisfied; . to iadd new saints to the calendar of the old ones, until it may be said of them that they are a Legion. And truly they are a Legion, not of saints, who are out of the question, but of demons- or devils. A holy High Priest or Saviour to make.them holy, or saints indeed, here below, was not to their taste; and therefore they get instead a Mother, who proposes to save them in their sins, teaching them that " if they fail not in their devotions to her, they can never be lost, whatever they may do." And, instead of the Holy One, who, as our High Priest, "was such au one as became us" they get a monster, charged with crimes more than Sodem ever knew, as His deputy. But, in the meantime, we will ask those who are disposed too leniently to regard, and speak of this mystery of imposture, the like to which the world never saw before, and never shall again, what would break the heart of saints in heaven, if they were conscious of it, or were not now past the time of grieving, if not the foul misuse that is made of their names, to provoke the fierceness of the wrath of a jealous God, and to lead a catholic apostasy to its inevitable destruction. Let us look at the present state of society in Europe, and ask ourselves the question, Is not the time already almost come for the command to be given, " Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe ; come, get down, for the press is full, the vats overflow; for their wickedness is great?" Joel iii, 13. As to the reformation of fallen churches, or the conversion of nations, under what little remains of the present dispensation, it is chimerical to expect it. All that can now be done is, to rescue individuals from the coming overthrow, until the number of the elect is accomplished. And for this end let all be done that can be done .by those into whose hearts. God- has put it to do His will, in giving the widest pos sible circulation to the Word of . God, translated iato the vernacular tongue of every nation, and in preaching the Gospel for a witness, "- whether they- will hear, or whether they will , forbear," to " every creature under heaven." The Free Church of Italy-' Signor Allessandm) Gavazzi— speaking at Exeter Hall on the 12th July last, said— "In his warfare he made use of! a weapon, not an ordinary sword such as was used in battle, for ho used the glorions Bible which was . the "sword of the spirit," the Word of God. Since the formation of the Free Ohurch. of Italy, Divine light had shone forth in Borne and other parts of Italy, where formerly priestcraft, superstition and scepticism, were in full sway. -God had given his bless ing to the work; and- now the (Presbyterian Obureh in Italy contained 14 ordained pastors, 16 evangelists, 11,600 .cummunipantB, 200 catechumens, numerous Sunday-schools, with lOday-schoolB witb 23 teachers and 1800.pupus. Men, wiio formerly were Rotnieli priests, had accepted the common salvation offered by Jesus Christ their Lord, and were now labour ing- , to spread abroad a knowledge of the Divine Gospel among their Italian country men." Daily Service.— Daily Service at S'. Andrtw's Ca'h< dral would be dishearten ing. wire itdt pendent npon a congregation "for its continnarcp. It mattfrs not to llie leer motive of the express if the train never hss any passengers, and the cathedral choir appear to have no concern as to who listen®, provided the. contract under which their service are retain"ed"iefulfilled. They sing away just as' lustily to empty space as to a full cburcb. Shovel coals on, keep steam up; and the machine will go — what care the brass and iron as long as the wheels rotate. On Monday afternoon last, two males standing, and one lounging in a seat behind a pillar, represented the congregation at St. Andrew's, hot the white robed choir were merrilly sing ing away under a full head of steam. George street was thronged, the busy hum of trafiBo penetrated svenlotbegothicEanotnary ; "bat what cared Vanity Fair forChurch music? Mere sound lulls the conscience asleep, God's "Word, and the preacher's voice, alone will waken the slumbering soul. Oar advice to the cathedral chapter is ; — try a little of the Gospel of Christ, presch Jesns only, and drop tne concert business. A' Cardinal's Poverty.— A Lon don cable tells us that Cardinal Moran has subscribed £50 to the Parnell defence fund. We' have also heard that he has been com pelled, since his visit to Europe, to settle the little bill for the burial of bis predecessor, Archbishop Vaughon, which be so shabbily ri fused fo have anything to do with, though he got £60,000 cash from that prelate. It will be remembered that just before the Cardinal left Sydney, on the last occasion, for his visit to Rome, &o.;, the faithful were petitioned in most panper stylo for money for him. Most of the leading Roman Catholics were put forward to urge the pauper cry, of the dire necessity the Cardinal was in. There is nothing a papal priest loves like money, and the Cardinal knew he could not pay his visit to the Vatioan without being bled' freely. After all the pretence of pauperism, we observe now that the Cardinal's pocket has been long enough to withstand the heavy bleeding " at the tombs of tne apostles," the settlement of the Vangban burial scandal, which mast have amounted to a tidy sum, and his poverty is of such a nature after all the expenses of his travels, that he can afford to throw away a round fifty pounds, on the Parnell defence fund! What' will the poor Roman Catholics, who pinched themselves to give to "his eminence," now think of the tale of his poverty ? They had far better have kept their money in their own pookets. With the Roman Cardinal money is so easily come by, that the throw ing away of a hundred, or a fifty, on occasion, does not make much difference. The servant -girls, and other Roman Catholics can be squeezed for more. It is only the assuming of a pretence of poverty, and in the money \- comes. What has the cardinal done with the £60,000 the late archbishop left him, besides the money be made before he came here, and the money he has made here, that he should be poor? We know that a cardinal's hat, like everything else at the Vatican, costs a great deal of money, still it cannot surely have absorbed all his great wealth ; and it ib not customary for poor men to pnt their names down for £100 for this convent, £50 for the Parnell defence fund, &e.;, &e.;, &c.; The pretended poverty is, we fear, not what most members of hiB flock would call poverty hut wealth. A new master for King's School.— The Primate, Bishop Barry, has appointed Rev. E. Harris, formerly of Clifton College, Bristol, to the position of head master of King's Sohool, ParramaltB. The Rev. Mr. Harris will tako the degree of Doctor of Divinity, before his departure. The Rev. Mr. Grey, who was appointed head master of King s School on the retirement of Rev. Mr. Macarthur, is retiring from the.position, and ib said to be anxious to be relieved, because ? that the work and responsibility, -which falls on her in connection with the domestic arrangements for bo many bovs, is too much for her ; and the Rev. Mr. Grey, it ib said, will return to England. It is also rumoured that one reason for the change is that the Rev. Mr._ Grey is considered too young for the position, being younger than »?y. the assistant masters ; and he is not disciplinarian enough. We hope that the new head master may not approve of the ritualistic party practices of turning to the east, and other steps in a ritualistic direction, which have lately become so noticeable at the King's ochool, that Protestant parents Bhonld hesi- wh ore Bend!n£ tbeir boys to a school, iuoy uiuy oe lmDuea with a ritualistic lamt, a danger they have of recent years been more and more exposed to. We will watch wuh interest to see what sort of a man the "®nte _bas selected to fill the responsible post. We would regret to see another man of the stamp of the Rev. Mr. Hill, who was appointed to Moore College, but who lately foil 0 ieave ifc> because the students had iailen off. During his term of office, ono of ine students went over to the JesuitCollege : man samP) wbo indulges in nr n j m be day-time, wafer bread an nPlr, y of lf' tnrDine the holy table into ?fln£? Vrete?C.0 of an al«ar, and other -focal Rmnnisl"g mummeries, could do thinlj ft rDm.' However we expect better not wiir i - a'- e> and believe he would Motfi !ly.-rlcton hi8 d»t»cted church, Snd8 nfr:lUah8tIOu6£di,iai"Bt' t0 Poison the ritualistic h y at Hmg'8 School, with the den? tl 4v, erefy' , and at ibe time deplete school of scholars, as Moore College was depleted of students, under the ritualistic regime. Sir Morell Mackenzie's pub lication, on tbe treatment of tlie late Emperor Frederick. — Telegraphic news tells that Sir Morell Mackenzie's book on the malady and treat ment of tbe late Emperor of Germany, has created a great sensation. It contains 21 plates, showing the condition of the larynx of the deceased monarch, and descriptions of tbe cannnlre used. He denieB that in his treatment he wonnded the vocal chord, and addR that Dr. Gerhardt is guilty of having made a false accusation, as his German colleagues who were in attendance on the Emperor, including Dr. Bergmann, admitted his treatment was right. He affirmB that: Dr. Dramann, in one of his operations on the Emperor's throat, opened the trachea, three millimetres to the right of the middle line, and in using the cannula caused loss of tissue, intense discomfort, and exhaustion. He also says that Dr. Bergmann wrongly diagnosed the secondary cancer on the lungs. The death-blow, he says, was given on 12th April, by the insertion of Dr. Bergmann's tube, which made a false passage. This inflamed the trachea, diminished the royal patient's strength, and shortened his life by ten months. No pain was experienced nntil after that operation. The book contains statistics, showing that where thyrotoniy was per formed in cases of cancer, 91 per cent, proved fatal, the -voices were destroyed, and a re currence of the disease was almost certain. Dr. Gerhardt's ruthless cauterising of the throat, Sir Morell says, was unexampled, and snob as would make a benign complaint malignant. The British Medical Journal publishes a fac-simile of the Emperor Frederick's writing, which contains the ex pression, " Bergmann ill-treated me." The Daily News states that the Dowager Empress of Germany has written to Sir Morell Mac kenzie, admitting that be warned her that an early malignant growth might appear. It was said that Dr. Bergmann and Dr. Gerhardt, intended to sne Sir Morell Mackenzie for libel, but they deny any intention of doing so ; Dr. Bergmann declares that the result of the autopsy on the late Emperor's body, refutes Sir Morell'B accusations against the German doctors. Sir Morell's book has been confisca ted in Germany. 