&Dbn;: tiger. Saturday, March 3, 1888. The deputation to the Minister of Lands from the Town Council and representatives of the St. Kilda, Port Melbourne, and Footscray Councils, to urge that arrangements be made for utilising the silt now thrown into the bay, is taking action after a good deal of mischief has been done by the Harbor Trust. The Trust itself takes little interest in the reclamation of land; it holds that it has but one specific, darling purpose to attend to— the bringing of the shipping from the bay to the river. It is therefore as indifferent about the reclamation of Government land as it is about the consequences of its mischievous policy of throwing silt into the bay, where it may become as great an impediment to navigation, under the influence of the tides, as in the river. But it is a pity that action was not taken before most of the silt had been raised from the ex cavations at Fisherman’s Bend. If something had been done about the time Mr Clark last drew attention to the subject in the Assembly, a more valu able class of silt for reclamation would have been available than is to be secured now. It will be unnecessary to tell the Minister that the land in the vicinity of the Short road and Fisherman’s Bend would receive an immense enhancement in value if it were at a high and dry building level; and that whether re claimed or not its possession ou lease from the Government will be much sought after in the course of the next few years. Indeed any suggestion that may be made will have more to recom mend it than the present foolish system of throwing the silt away. The pre eminent advantage this district pos sesses for manufactures is steadily forcing itself on the attention of firms in Melbourne, who are hampered for want of room, and preparation must be made for the rush of population that already has set in, and will increase every year. The attention of the Council has from time to time been called to the road near Greenwich Bay ; a very comprehensive scheme for deal ing with it, prepared by the Town Surveyor, is to be found reported in another column. Mr Champion pro poses to make the land suitable for building purposes, and the Council in tend to interview the Harbor Trust to urge that the scheme be undertaken. Here, then, is a place where the silt would be invaluable. This land would be incomparable as a storage site for timbor, which could very easily be landed, and, if the railway from Spottis woode were continued to the river, con veyed direct to any part of the colony. As some new site will have to be found, the Minister would give any suggestion of this kind the most careful examina tion. More pressing still, from a purely local point of view, is the need of im proving the foreshore of the bay from Parker street along Nelson place and the Strand to the steam ferry. It is wasting words to point out to the Coun cil the absolute and pressing necessity of having this work done at the earliest opportunity. Under the new loan, we notice that in order to accommodate the pedestrian traffic, the Council, instead of widening the south side of the Nelson place footpath, have provided for asphalting the path on the opposite side, from Parker street to Ferguson street. Though this will relieve the traffic to some extent, it is of paramount importance that the unsightly, stinking accumulations of filth to be seen in front of the most valuable properties in the town ought to be removed in the in terest of health, if for no other reason, Without exception, no land on which silt could be deposited could be more valuable than the foreshore mentioned; and if it were reclaimed the Harbor Trust, with its extended leasing power of 21 years, would find it an ever-in creasing source of revenue. The Town Council should strongly urge upon the Minister that it is the most disgraceful sight that the visitor to the town is struck with, and no effort should be spared to have its condition improved. That the silt can be made good use of is abundantly clear, and therefore it will be interesting to 6ee what terms are to be secured from the Minister and the Harbor Trust, for we apprehend it will need no ghost to tell Mr Dow that the material ought not to be tossed into the bay. The municipalities of Footscray, Port Melbourne and St Kilda have been com municated with in reference to the deputa tion to the Minister of Lands to request that arrangements be made for the purohase, for reclamation purposes, of the silt now thrown into the bay by the Harbour Trust. The late has not been decided upon, but it will very likely be fixed next Tuesday evening at the Council meeting. A meeting of those Interested in securing i platform or siding between the North and South Williamstown stations was held in the icademy of Music on Tuesday evening, Mr 4\. Hick being in the chair. The Hon. W. 5\. Roberts had in his possession a letter from ;he Railway authorities, of which he read a lortion only, and announced that it was not ;o be made public. Its purport urns to the lame effect as a paragraph in our fast issue, tamely, that the Commissioners, were making lareful inquiries into all the cir'cumkt'ances, and had decided to accede to the wishes of those desiring the accommodation, but could not proceed with the work until the money had been placed on the estimates and passed by Parliament. The Commissioners would f in considering the site decide, Mr Roberts : said, upon the most central one. The agita tion might therefore bo considered at an end, as the Commissioners were prepared to accede to the wishes of the residents as soon as the money was available. He believed the selec tion would lay between Parker and Pasco streets, and the Commissioners would con sider the amount of traffic in each of these thoroughfares. The Central Board of Health yesterday gave permission to the Williamstown Cricket Club to open its pavilion, all the re quirements of the Health Act having been attended to. The Wyndham Shire Council appear to be strongly opposed to their municipality being used as a depot by nightsoil contractors from Williamstown. A Government contractor named James having been endeavouring to obtain permission for some time, Dr H. R. Maclean, the health-officer for the slnre, made an inspection of the paddock in which James desires to deposit the stuff. The doctor’s report was not to hand at the ordi nary meeting of the Council last Saturday, but Mr Wallnutt, the shire secretary, who accompanied him, stated that the ground was low, swampy, and unsuitable ; that a nuis ance would be created if permission were granted. The Council decided to give the President (Cr Kelly) full power to act when the report came to hand, aud Councillor Staughton remarked that although permis sion had been given to the Williamstown Council to occupy a paddock for ‘the same purpose, the permit should be cancelled if the health-officer reported that the place was injurious to health. An inspection of the Council’s paddock will be made. A meeting was held at Wall’s Club hotel, Werribee, after the Council meeting last Saturday, to consider the most suitable means of placing on record the esteem in which Mr George Duncan, farmer, who had sold out his holding to Mr Chirnside, to remove to Diggers’ Rest, was held in the district. It was decided that a banquet be tendered him, to be held in the Mechanics’ Institute. The president of the shire, Councillor Kelly, undertook to act as secretary, and is hopeful of making the gathering a large and repre sentative one. The balance-sheet of the Williamstown, Newport aud Wyndham Permanent Building Society for the year ending December 31st, 1SS7, shows the receipts to have been £7SS Is 3d, made up of subscriptions on 913 shares £551 7s 6d, and repayments on loans £236 13s 9d. The expenditure consisted of loans on mortgage, £537 10s; salaries, £22 16s Sd ; audit fees, £2 2s ; interest, £47 2s 7d ; re funds to shareholders, £16S Is Gd. The bank overdraft was £597 Ss 9d. The liabilities were £1940 4s Id, made up of £12SS 10s due to investing shareholders, £29 3s 4d for sala ries due, £22 16s for rent, £10 2s for printing and advertising, £2 12s Gd for sundries, and £5S7 Os 3d due to the Bank of Australasia. The assets were £S7 163 in excess of this amount, being £1909 11s lOd due on out standing mortgages (not including prospective interest), £10S Ss 3d fines on shareholders, and £10 value of office furniture. Messrs J. A. Thompson and A. Fowler, the auditors, certified to the correctness of the balance sheet, which was adopted at the annual meeting on Friday week. It was reported that the business transacted for the year had been profitable, and had yielded ten per cent. A concert was given in the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening, in aid of (lie funds of the Newport Junior Cricket Club. There was a large attendance, the chair being taken by Councillor Styles. The vocalists were— Mrs Green, Misses Stewart, K. Owen, E. Hughes and Spedding; and Messrs J. W. Styles, Porter, O’Connell, Paton, and Hos kins. Recitations were delivered by Messrs McLennan, Porter, Watchorn and W. Gro now. Instrumental music was rendered by Messrs Branthwaite, Kean, Hf.rrigan and Johns, and Miss Tucker. The concert passed off very pleasantly, a number of recalls being insisted upon. Councillor Styles thanked the audience for their attendance, and called for cheers for those who had assisted, which were given, the compliment being repeated for the chairman. Mr James Smibert, of Spottiswoode, is included in the last list of gentlemen appointed Justices of the Peace. Our attention has been called by several correspondents to the prevailing habit of stone-throwing among the boys attending the schools in the town. The boy Wm. Evans, son of ex-constable Evans, who was struck with a missile on Tuesday evening, while playing near the Central State school playground, has been in a very low condition, and was delirious during Wednesday from the effects. Dr Figg has been attending him, and he is now recovering. The police have not, so far, succeeded in tracing the perpetrator of the robbery of sovereigns and jewellery from the house of George Wilson, stoker, of Railway Crescent. Entrance had been effected by the back window. Special vigilance is being displayed. Two men were arrested this week under the Vagrant Act. This is the fourth undetected offence of the same sort that has occurred within the last month. The recent collision between the schooner Tyro and the steamer Lonsdale has been the subject of an action at law in the Supreme Court this week, in which the owners of the Tyro sued for damages. The case resulted in a verdict for the plaintiffs for £S29. Mr Croker was solicitor for the plaintiffs, and Mr J. C. Stewart for the defendants. Very satisfactory progress is being made with the construction of the baths. Captain Thrussell, the managing director, anticipates that they will be completed in about a month’s time. It is the intention of the company to establish hot water baths on an improved principle. This will probably mean another £1000 expenditure. The railway pier caught fire on Sunday afternoon by a match being carelessly thrown down. The fire was promptly discovered, and Fireman Williams, of the railway brigade, who was present extinguished it it by the use of a few buckets of water. The directors of the Altona Bay Estates Freehold and Investment Company, Limited, intimate that they have accepted the tender of David Munro and Co., Limited, for the construction of a railway line from the present Williamstown racecourse railway terminus to the beach, on the property, which will be extended to connect with the main Geelong line and several stations es tablished upon the Company’s estates. The first sale of the company’s property is fixed for Saturday, 5th May next. A large audience wa3 at the Mechanics' Institute on Saturday night at the Tem perance meeting. The Blue Ribbon Choir ot Kew contributed the programme, and Mr Hunt occupied the chair. The various songs and recitations were well rendered. To night a special programme will be presented, and a small charge will be made for admis As a sample of the communications ad dressed to municipal officials, the following is unique injits way:—“Deer dorg-henspector _i du nott lick to kike to arcow mit mi nay bors but their is a dorg wot livs neer uz doun their in Seecil street wot make a diffel off a reow vich me and mi missis and the uther peepils at iz beside uz awl says iz a newsence and contrary to the Hackx. Deer Mister Barns yu should kali on this dorg and gif hime a nock on the hed with a kloub, as the broot has barked and howlt these last thre mnnts ivry day without seesin even on a Sunday. The beest livs in a house kald Deniliquin & Sandridge cottage wich as a flag powl at the frunt halfway from Buntin god bless im the hawkshinear and Doctor Goldeye’s corner. Mi missis tryd to friten the dog mit ajgeenghim, but it was now yuse; if yu pison the purp we will prey for yu, it is a howlin newsence as i sed afor. Amain and amain. Yours troolie—a disgusted naybore Excoss the ritin an spelin for I feel riz. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a yacht club was held in the Mechanics’ Institute on Thursday evening. There was a fair attendance, and it was re ported that between forty and fifty gentle men had signified their intention of becom ing members. A provisional committee was appointed to draw up the rules of the club, to be submitted at a general meeting, when the necessary offices will be allotted. After some discussion it was decided that the name of the club should be the Williamstown Yacht Club, and the annual subscription was fixed at hnlf-a-guinea. Mr E. Hart was sleeted secretary and treasurer for the time The next competition by the Swimming 31ub comes off on Saturday week. The orizes offered are exceptionally good, and ionsist of various descriptions of plate. ; they are all on view at Pryor’s Sports ( Depot, and will no doubt induce keen com- ; jetition. The Yonng Men’s Literary and Scientific Association met as usual on Thursday, 23rd February, Mr J. Roberts being in the chair, md about twenty members present. Letters were read from the Local Option League asking for support at the forthcoming poll, and from the Welsh Eistedfodd soliciting a donation. The meeting decided that the local option matter not being within their province could not be supported by the Association as a body, but the individual feel ing was all in favour of the movement. After considerable discussion it was decided to give £1 Is as a donation towards, the Welsh Eistedfodd. The only other business transacted was in connection with the association management. The next meeting is fixed for Thursday, 8th inst., when a debate, “Should Tolls bo Re-established?” will he taken, the openers being Messrs L. Doul and H. Cooke. The Williamstown water police were on Thursday evening called out to assist in res cuing four men belonging to one of the mail boats which are engaged in putting in and taking off mails on various vessels in the harbor, but owing to the time which elapsed between the accident and a notification of it reaching the water police station, the boat's crew of the latter, although remarkably expe ditious in putting out, could effect no useful service. The mail boat had put off from Sandridge, and was beating off with all sail set, when a sudden squall and heavy sea struck and filled her. The men clung on as best they could in the waves, some of them being unable to swim, when the officers of the Russian war vessel Rynda, which was only a short distance off, put out their steam launch and a bnat, and the men were rescued after being in the water about ten minutes. The Gem, which was ' making her trip to Williamstown, also saw what had happened, and Captain Watson took measures to render assistance, steaming away over to whore the struggling men were, and ordering a boat to be got ready for lowering, but when he saw that the Russians had picked up the mailmen he kept away again on his course. The Russian launch towed the mail-boat, which was full of water, to Sandridge, and there landed her crew. The Williamstown Comedy Club have in preparation Byron’s play, “ £100,000,” which will be produced (by arrangement with Mr Wybert Reeve) on Wednesday, March 2Sth, for the benefit of the Ladies’ Benevolent Society. The cast has been specially aug mented for the deserving occasion. This month’s issue of the Illustrated Aus tralian News is to hand. Robert Hutton and Co., will sell this day on the premises two four-roomed cottages in Rosseau street in a central position. Mr W7. White wishes to acknowledge receipt of £1 from Mr Robert Creak in re sponse to “ An Appeal to the Benevolent,” published in these columns last week. The subject ol the Rev Henry Coombs’ address at the Cecil street Baptist Church on Sunday evening will be “ Common Delus ions,” the second of a series of sermons on “ Common Tilings.” A short prelude on the subject of Local Option will precede the the sermon. Messrs John Morgan and Co. will sell by auction on the ground this afternoon the property in the ,Goss estate ; and on Mon day furniture and effects in Thomas street; also on Wednesday the furniture and effects of the Bristol Hotel. It will be noticed by advertisement in another column that the dockyard employees’ annual picnic takes place on the 9th inst. at Monegetta. The locality, in the opinion of those who have visited the district, is the most desirable, and as the picnic is most popular, a large gathering is anticipated. Messrs Macmeikan & Co., auctioneers, will sell by auction on Tuesday, March 13th, at the City Bank hall, corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets, Melbourne, properties situated in Esplanade, Giffard and Osborne streets, Williamstown; also properties in Yarraville and Footscray. Next; Wednesday and Thursday evenings the two entertainments recently given by the Juvenile Rechabites in the Temperance Hall will be repeated in the Mechanics' In stitute. On Wednesday night “The Drunk ard ” will be presented, and on Thursday evening “Aunt Dinah’s Pledge” followed by “ The Temperance Doctor. ” 