®rumb0. Ah! Cool. Garner's. Pleasant. " First Class." Fogs and fancies. Obit—Sam Morcom. Brummagem ghosts. Nyra the clood flyer. Birmingham inalfcg. What a glorionB change. England in a pea-soup fog. Roll np to Town Hall to-night. Eastern Band concert to night Barometer at noon to-day, 29*98. " Redemption" rehearsal to-night. Ella Zuilla and fireworks Oval Friday. German Crown Prince still improving. Italy to have & little war in Abyssinia. There was no pay for Saturday's work. For this temporary relief much thanks, Tom's foot in the Education Office now. Intelligent activity in our detective force. The great want of the oolony is population^ Lewis Crofters are still raiding and destroy' ing. Prince Ferdinand means fighting if necessary. Edinburgh Castle grounded near Warrnambool. Moonlighters are now getting their des» Berts. The ever-genial Sam has made his last score. That Bnlgar Boy is talking of powder and glory. The silver boom is injuring Victorian gold stock. The P. & O. boats first went to the Port Wharf. Pagans wonld deify our western winds ia . summer. We are to see the "dogs of war" literally let loose. Fritz is mending, troop&of; doctors notwithstanding. The Treasurer Is the utility man in the Ministry. It waa tropical on board the Britannia on Saturday. The old monkey, SLZ.—Jubilee goods at Centennial. " Uncle" Bloom annoyed by the inquisitive men in blue. The Coroner will hold an inquest on Bed! this afternoon. Only one officer preBent, at a competition of their men, too. .( A cheering sign—the wanted columns shov several openings. Fred Burnaby killed in the Soudan three years ago to-day. Abyssinian troops preparing to attack their Italian invaders. Birmingham fogs not created by Joe Cham* berlain this time. Now then, Lieutenant SquariBe, go in hotfor that £100 prize. There is still scope for the schoolmaster about Brummagem. Parson Spuigeon declines to be reconciled to his former friends. Evidently there is much to learn about the. Gawler police scandaL Queensland blacks have speared and beheaded a station hand. Irish Moonlighters now getting from fire t» eighteen years' martyrdom. Cyclists had a capital afternoon at Coromandel Valley on Saturday. Those dense fogs set in as soon as the G.O.M. cleared out for Italy! Militia Band for Sydney by express this afternoon. Good luck to them. New Year decorations awarded to officers of the HuBsian War Party only. Is Salisbury trying to lock np all the Irish M.P.'s before Parliament meets J. Bishop Moorhouss accepted the See of . Manchester two years ago to-day. Would not Salisbury rejoice if he could put the G.O.M. under look and key! Sun rose at 5.6 a.tn., seta at 7.14 p,m. Moon rose at 7.40 a.m., sets at .9.17 p-m. Would not a helmet be safer for the Eastern- ~ Suburban Band in this weather than a cap ? Two Wesleyan parsons and their wives severely burned as Strathalbyn on Saturday. The rude R,nw.ian is throwing, shadows on his neighbour's wall of troops of armed men. Save Victoria from her friends Mr. Peppercorn likens the young colony to aa oldman. There are bloomB and Bloom—the latter especially worthy of close study and investigation. The tailor who made Martyr O'Brien's now famous Blarney tweed suit is inundated with, orders. Martyr Mandeville has served a writ on. his gaoler for assault in taking, away his clothes. Some cyclists on Saturday were worse than the foolish virgins, becatue they took neither lamps nor oil. It would be difficult to limit the increase in the production of fruit if a remunerativemarket obtained. Leader EvanB entrusted with the Ministerial party of the name of Johnson in the tropical Territory. ' Open up a large fruit- export trade, and the Adelaide hills alone might support hundredsof thousands of people. Ha ward en chips are a drug in the home market now that snips of Blarney tweed are in demand by the " faithfuL" Onr cute neighbours would pay a prophet handsomely to anathemetize Broken Hill but for the example of Balaam's defection. The Alphabetical will indulge in the Northern Territory_in a Private Secretary to record his many magnifioent impressions. Balfour'e eviction boys now use a batteringram to knock in the,walls of the cabins and a fire-engine to wash out their defenders. With the exception of one Liberal Unionist the whole of the fori? members of the Belfast Corporation lately elected are Conservatives. Sarah Francisco, of Port Adelaide fame, is not to be convicted for drunkenness for the one hundred and twenty-second time until after March 14. A well-known man about town ia going, about moaning that he has lost thousands of pounds through not buying a certain stock before it" boomed.' 1 Does almond-eyed John consider that smallpox is a quid pro quo for our gold thathe tries to import it ? Two cases stopped at the entrance to the Territory. Mr. Swinburne's Utest poem, " Locrine," was cabled to New York on the day. of its - itsue in London, and published the same evening in a halfpenny paper. Quotation for January 16:— 'Iwas never merry world Since lowly feigning was called compliment. TvxlftK Sight. If Port AuguBta should have a bad attack of indignation meetings, there is one subject • in the beggarly export trade in minerals from one of the richest mineral districts in the; colony. Another injustice to Ireland—Scotland, supplies the Blarney tweed that is being sold to innocent Pat in Bixpenny snips as the . idintioal Bame from whioh Martyr O'Brien had his smuggled prison suit made. The G.O.M.'s friend, Mike Davitt, says if Salisbury, Balfour, and Goschan bad lived ia -. the year 1 they would have been ooUeagues - of Pontius Pilate, and would have voted a pension of £300 a yew to Jndas Iscariot I A great improvement has been made in the gumming of envelopes. Instead of being placed as usual on the upper inside the gum is now spread on the lower outside, while the upper side of the olean paper is moistened - with the tongue and closed in the usual way. " How sweet to me is the scent of roses,* hemurmeredin his thrilling tones. "The perfume of the queen of flowers affects me>atrangely agitates me, nay, even forces fh» tears into my eyes." And Pegasus wonld have soared to even greater heights hadr shenot brought him to earth with the commonplace comment—" Well, do yon know Fv« notioed the same thing about onions." Enthusiastic citizen about to visit Europe,. " How delightful it will be to tread the bounding billow and inhale the exhilarating, oxygen of the sea, the sea, the bounding sea. I long to see |t, to breathe in great draoghts of life- giving air. I shall want to stand every moment on the brow of the steamer With my mouth open. Citizen'e wifp, encouragingly— V You probably -wEL That's the way all the ocean, travellers do." A dejeoted sQenqo 