:-'THE;;STQ1WTjEU.Eff. ANTJNrOETTJlsrATE BLUNDER. Captain Freelnnco's return to Ravenscroft ?wns quite an event in that Httlo Doltshire ?vilnge. The captain was the nepliow of Squire Fairfax, of. Ravenscroft Hall. Tho early death of) both his parents had left his uncle his guardian, and it must he con fessed that tho behaviour of the young man did not muko that office a sinecure. In fact, both before and after ho entered the army, .young .Freelance was nsjdissipnted and reck less a boy as ono could well imagine Squire Fairfax could prophesy no very brilliant future for him, and was rejoiced when his coming of ago released him from the pain ful duties of gnardianship. Soon after he attained majority, young freelance s regi ment was ordered abroad, and it was now after live years' service in India that the scapegrace returned for a time to his uncle's roof. One can guess with what feelings Squire Fairfax awaited his nephew's arrival. What sort of a man had the dissipated boy turned out ?. Was he wilder than over; or had he become, as wild boys often do, sn unusually steady and sober man 1 Would lie come back aged and broken at twenty seven, or young, strong, and handsome, ivs lie should bo? The accounts of his be haviour i in .India, which reached Squire .Fairfax's ears assisted him nothing in try ing to answer these questions. Some had described him as a warning to young men, others asa model. i When, then, Captain Freelance was ushered into tho study where Squire Pair fax andhis only child Emma were await ing his arrival, it was with ill-concealed anxiety that tho;forraer rose to greet his guest. r But in a moment his anxiety disap peared. Captain Freelance was no longer tho worn and 'dissipated youtli 1119 uncio had remembered him^ As he stood there,' tall and erect, with his broad shoulders, resolute face, and gallant bearing, the Squire thought him the very benu-iiUal of n, soldier ; there was not a trace in face or manner of debauched habits or an aban doned life! . ' ; If his newhew's reformation brought joy to Squire Fairfax, there' whs another per son in the village to whom it was extrcmly unwelcome. Strange- to say, he who re gretted the young man's desertion of evil ?ways was the rector' of the parish. The Rev. Dr. Blair, for reasons of his own, did not rejoice over the return of the prodigal nephew. He saw in it1 the possible defeat and confusion of all the plans and hopes of his life. Dr. Blair had an only son who had not Jong roturncd from the university, where he had distinguished himself. He was as un like his dark-browod, bitter energetic father; as possible. Pale and fair ?with a delicate, girlish faco and a i:\ quiet, gentle mariner, George Blair was tho f delight and darling of all the ladie?, old and .' young, 'for miles around! He was in every ?way worthy of their esteem. '.His father had made him his c'urateyand the thorough ness with which he performed his duties, and the kindness and though tfulnes3 he ?displayed inL dealing with the parish poor; 1 won for him respect and admiration from ! severer critics than his'female friorids. . . ,,: ?'?? I DrVBlair loved his; son with in, warmth I and tenderness surprising in a man so cold l and stern as -he. Perhaps this .affection [ ?was tlioons soft spot'usiuilly to be found in [ the hardest nntures,_or_j)crhaps it wns a I survival fronvai-better jself!: It was said I that he saw in the boy's dolicato face and t gentle manner a rollex a reproduction of the [ -wife whom tho rector in his youth had ! l«red with au exceeding passion, and whoso I early death, had 'darkened and embittered 1 his life. ,. ? i ' For his son, the doctor was ambitious'. I While George was still aboy.hisfatherhnd I planned a bright future for him, arid every step he afterwards took was adopted with ; due regard for thalj plan. The lad was to I go to the university ; from it he was to re 1 turn to Raveuscroft i.there he would be his f father's . i curate, and, in proper time, : wonld become the husband of the I heiress of- Squire Fairfax, and succeed alike 1 to Ravenscroft estato nnd Ravenscroft living. That George was scarcely a fit mate for Miss Emma Fairfax, and that the [ Squire might suggest the governess, little Miss Ivyloaf, as a more suitable partner for himnever entered the doctor's head. If it had, he would probably havo scouted it as absurd. In his estimation, no woman and I no future were too good for his handsome, ! clever boy. All went well for a long time. George [ Blair went to Oxford and took there a good I dogree. During his course, he spent his [ vacations at Ravenscroft, and was a con } staut guest at the Hall, where he was a I great favorite with tho Squire and a greater I -with JSmmii. When he became his father's I curate,' the interest and esteem with which I he was regarded at the Hall did not dimin I ish. Ho was there every day, and spent I much of his time in giving Emma lessons, I and in walking with her and her youthful I governess, Miss Ivyleaf. Everything I seemed prospering, and tho rector was only I waiting until Emma attained her nine I teenth year in order to come to an under I standing with the squire, when the np I proaehing arrival of Captain I'roelance I was announced. For the first time, a fear 1 occurred to Dr Blair that, after all, his I plans might: not work out as harmoniously 3 as he had expected. I His alarm was justiflod. No sooner hat B Captain Freelance arrived than ho showed ? symptsms of being attracted by his pretty I little cousin. To tho doctor's confusion, i lirama showed still stronger symp-oms of 1 being attracted by him. She began to I neglect George's lessons, and he frequently H found himself loft to his walks with Miss 1 Ivyleaf alone. Emma and her cousin ? seemed to be always together, and his 3 military stories, jovial chat, and hearty I laugh had an absorbing charm for her. In I deed, in the matter of woomg, the pale I young curate was a poor match for the I dashing soldier. When the latter entered 1 into the race for. Emma's hand, Georges I start counted for little. I As Captain Freelanco's success became I the more obvious and pronounced, George 1 Blair gradually withdrew from the contest. 1 . It was in vain that his. father vehemently I urged him on, and demanded from him, 111 1 his fierce way, .if he intended to give up so 1 oasilyhis greatest chance of fortune. Ilie f young fellow was not to be encouraged. 1 iliB spirits fell ; his quiet manner becam subdued until it was oppressive ; ha grew solitary in his habits, and melancholy. He seldom went near tho Hall, and when lie ilid, it v/as not in lemma's, but in Miss Ivy leaf's company that ho passed his visit. At last the long-expected announcement was made. Captain Freelance and Miss Emma Fairfax were engaged to be married. It seemed to come upon Goorgo, not as it blow, but rather a relief.- For a little time he appeared to regain his spirits. He tried even to: win back his father's confidence — for his want of courage had created a marked coldness between them — but the doctor, enraged at the failure of his plan, repulsed him. The young curate then, after a feeble struggle, fell hack into his previous depression. Ho went about his duties melancholy and miserable ; and he avoided his stern. father, whom ho seemed to regard wi^h terror and apprehension. It.wasaweek or two after the engage ment was announced, that George Blair went one Sunday evening into his father's puipic co proacu. as ho aseeiui u tna sonir even in tho dim evening light, several of tho congregation noticed that ho was i ghastly pale, and that lie seemed to totter in his gait. Ho had just given out tho text when he was seen to grasp the cushion be fore hira.asiftostoady himself. Ilestoort thus in silence for a moment ; then, with a gasp he reeled back against the stone column behind him and sank down sensoless. The wildest confusion prevailed in tho church. The men sprang excitedly to their feet and stood staring, uncertain what to do ; the womon all screamed, and not a few fainted. Kmraawas of the latter, while Miss Ivyloaf, worst ? of all, wont into ? a lit, and had to be carried from tho church. Dr Blair and Captain Vreclance were theonly persons who preserved their presence of mind. Without a moment's hesitation they hurried to the pulpit, and, lifting the unconscious man, boro him to the vestry, where they endoavoured to revive him. Finding thoir efforts useless, they sent for the doctor. When he arrived, to the general horror he pronounced' life extinct. At the inquest which followed, tho doc tor assigned disease of the heart as the cause of George Blair's death ; but ho did not seem over-confident in his opinion. Ho said that the heart was undoubtedly un healthy, but scarcely in so diseased a con dition as ho should have expected. His chief reason, apparently, for giving it as the. cause pi death was his inability to dis cover any other. The jurors, however, were satisfied, and roturnoda verdict in ac cordance with the medical «vidence. The curate's decease wrought changes both in the village and at the hall. Dr. Blair's sorrow was for a time quite over whelming. He shut himself up, and refus ing to- see anyone; abandoned himself to his grief. When at length he emerged from liis seclusion, he was bitterer and stonier than ever, and less inclined to mix with his fellow men. Nothing could induce him to visit at the Hall. Ho openly stated that the true causo of his son's death was Emma's heartless desertion of; him ; and that he believed this, the hatred with which he regarded her and her accepted lover, was proof. The whole , place— village, Hall, and country— had become abhorrent to.him and he resolved at tho 1 first opportunity to leave it for ever. It was to London that he hoped to go. Amid its crowds andexcite ment he p trusted - to. get rid of part of his sorrow. ,???.' At the Hall tho chief change wrought by George's death was the departure of the young governess, who had become Emma's companion — Miss .Ivyleaf. Tho fit his dramatic death . had' brought upon ; her proved; .a very serious affair. : She kept Her bed for a week, and when she left it.she was pale and fleshless as a ghost. After a time, as she.showednosigns of im provement, the, doctor suggested a change of air.' Squire Fairfax, who had. come to regard her almost as a daughter, offered to supply whatever money:; was ;necessary tor us long .a stay, as, needful at any place the doctor should 'Select;1 and t insisted that on her recovery she must return to .Emma; but the young lady declined his kind offer. She had, she said, .as much monoy as' she required, and that, if she recovered, she hoped that she should see them all again ; but that could never ajjambe. 'happy «t Ruvens'croft. It was all Emma could do to extract from- her a promise to write to them, and this promise was not long kept. A letter or two, came to them from Torquay and then they ceased. And when, a week or so afterwards,, tho Squire went there to find out the causo of their cessation, he dis covered, to his surprise, that on the day her last letter was posted, Miss Ivyleaf had started for London. ; More than a year had elapsed boforo Dr. Blair got the transfer he so earnestly de sired. Then he was fortunate enough to effect an exchange with a City clergyman. The duties of the now cure were not heavy nor was the income, but Dr. Blair was sat isfied with both. Theeneryg which he had once displayed in the mangemont of his great Ravenscroft parish had, for tho time being, disappeared ; and the desiro for wealth, strong enough while his son lived, had died with him. He wished only for rest and change, and his transfer to London gave him both. ? But Dr. Blair was not tho man to romian idle long. When his sorrow began to press less heavily upon him, his old energy came back. Livin™ as ho was in tho centre of the world, feeling the heart's throb of every great hope and great movement among mon he could not long remain a mere observor. He became interested and from being interested ho became active. He throw himself into movements which won his sympathy, and worked for them with the resolution, ability, and resource that had always characterised him. lie soon made himself a power in the Metropolis— a power to bo reckoned with by ovoryone who. sought the suffrage or favors of the people. During tho half-dozen or more years Dr. Blair was engaged winning this power and position, things had advanced ' nt Ravons croft. Captain, Freelance and Emma had married, and a year or two after their mar riage the Squire had died. The Captain, now wealthy by the union of his wife's fortune with his own, had abandoned tho army,- and taking a house in town had begun to look to Parliament for his future honors. He commenced to frequent politi cal meetings and to' develop political opinions. He manifested a sudden interest in the n welfare .of the working classes, and became a valiant assailant of their wrongs and grievances. He soon waxed popular. His fine, manlyappearance, Iiib free and jovial manner, andi his dashing stylo of ' speaking made1 him a favorite at every public meeting he' attended. It was to be' expected, then, that little time would elapse before some constituency should nsk him to become a candidate. It so happened that several asked' him, and the 0110 he chose was in tho metropolis, and in a dis trict whero Dr Blair had won more than his ordinary influence. While canvassing the constituency in tlui expectation of tho oarly retirement of tin: sitting member — who had been promised this next commissionership in lunacy by the Government — Captain Krei'lnuco one night made his way into a nt-iiting whore' Dr Blair was expounding his views on some question or other to a large nudienun. TI10 Captain had heard of Dr Uluir's inlluunce, itnd was eager to win it for himself. So tho moment the doctor had finished his ad dross, Ciiptoin Freelance, pushing hisi way to him. hold out his hind in his goniiil manner, and congratulated his old friuud on his able speech. Dr Blair only then saw the Captain. Drawing himself back, ho glared nt him with a tiger's look, and than, without uttering' n word, turned his buck upon him ami his proffered hand With a Hush of anger and disappointment fnn his face. Captain Freelance withdraw from the hall. He saw that if tho doctor's, sorrow for his son's do.ith had abated, his hatred of the man through whom he be lieved it came about, had not. 1I« felt that he must count on finding in tho clergyman his bitterest and most able opponent. But Captain Freelance was not tho man to give up a doubtful battle. He know that Dr. Blair posesssed enormous influence in tho consistency, but he resolved to defy it. With an admirable courage and resolve he sot about the task of winning the people's confidence. Mooting after mooting he addressed, house after house ho visited, until he was known to nil, and ho himself knew nearly all the electors in the place. Dr. Blair worked bitterly and persistently against him; he spared no effort to injure him: and yet in spite of all his oxortions, ho Was en raged and mortified to find the candidate' gain in 'popular favor, every day. Tho clergyman's exasperation and chagrin wore extreme, but ho resolved in his determined, relentless way that boforo long, in some way or other/ho would! have an ample ro vengu. ' .''?,. . Among other things, Dr. Blair was ti member of theSchool Board. Hctookadeup interest in education, and was stern and in llexiblo in his' enforcement of the education law. In this direction liis severity often brought him' into' -conflict with popular fooling, and no greater proof of his abi lity and energy could lie given than that, in spite of this, his influence remained un shaken and unimpaired. It was' soon after the, pnseiiig of the. now; inquisitorial rules as to the examination of'. parents unablo to 'pay; School-fees that Dr.' Blair was presiding at a meeting of school managers to examine 'parents Two or .three wretched persons1 had. appeared and istated tho reasons why tjhey. could not pay. [They had been all' soberly, cross-examined I by. Dr. Blair. Tho next.- to appear was in miserable, poorly-clad; yec still lady like looking woman. The. moment Dr. Blair's eyes fell upon her, ho started with surprise, and it was a little, time before he could compose himself sufficiently to begin, to question her. She seemtd amazed '.and1 terribly unnerved by the sight !of him..,,' ... I 'Well, Mrs Leaf,' lit began, 'you want; exemption for your boy. .George, »Bed.nin» jyeare?1' '.' '. ?' . '' ' ?';?'' '? ! ' ' Yes, sir.,' she gasped out with a shudder., ( '.'Where's the father ?' .,'.,' ,.n','- :Mrs'Leaf flushed crimson for a moment. : Then, hesitatingly, , ilie muttered— '' .Dead I' ; 'Do. not try to deceive me,' cried Dr.. Blair, in his seT«re»t tone, '5'our boy'B i father is not dead. I .know yon, and I jknow him. He cam be compelled to iiupport liis child, and as long us you ref nse! to take measures ts compel, him to do so, we must a»d will refuse to permit the boy ' to b« schooled at the expense 01 .decent people. itrs Leaf, who, Bad betn pale and discon certed fronr'the' ' moment she «aw Dr.' Blair, mbW. paier.whiU she was being questibntd. She', 'listened. t.P^.Dr. BkirV sevtre rape'ecli in a'diizcd way^.w ith do.tuicust face. , W.h'cii, he h«(l.iinish«d she took a step. to leave the, room.' But. the shock lud been, top 'great' 1 for' her. '.'Before she could reach the door she sank down on the flour fainting.'. . I 'All along the other (.'untie'''-!1 pjjseu(; :liud been discontented with Dr Blair's severity. Somo of them hud muttered their dissent from his decisions in previous Bases ; but there were afrnid to state boldly what they thought : the clergyman was such n terrible antagonist when he w&s; crossed. His conduct, however, towards llrs Leaf drove them to desperation, and made them reckless. They revolted.ngainst him in a body. : ' ' This is too bad !' cried one. ' I should say it is I' siiid nuother. 1 think it little short of downright cruelty.' ' I'll stan'l it 110 more I' exclaimed a third. ' I'm— I'm blessed if I will ! 1 don't care who it is I' Dr Blair felt himself that he had gone a little bit too far, but ho was too astute to admit this. Without uttering a word, he glanced round the managers. They became silent beneath the look of his fierce black eyes. Then he deigned to spoak. 'Gentlemen, before you judge 1110,' he said, 'you might, perhupr, hear what 1 have to say. I know that woman.1 She uaed to bo Mrs Freolanco's govorness.' The managers glanced at one another, a little surprised. On» of them, however, a Mr Further, who was one of Captain Freelance'e committee, feeliug that some thing derogatory to his candidate was intended, «sked, ' Well, amd- what of that?' 'Tfhat of that!' exclaimed Dr. Blair, forgetting discretion in hie exultation. 'Why this: that woman is his victim! Listen, gentlemen; just ten years ago Captain Freelance came from India to his uncle, Squire Fairfax's. This woman was then governess there to tho Squire's daugkler, and Freelance'- future wife. Some months after hie arrival every ono noticed Miss Ivyleaf was looking ill— after the Captain's engagement wns niinnuncad she became ill. When she recovered 11 bit she loft the Squire's and nothing more wuu heard of her until to-day. Now the boy is nine years old: he mint have been born some months after she left Squire's Fair fax's ; the only young man about Squire Fairfax's was Captain Freelance. Cfln you doubt the conclusion ? Captain Freelance is her child's father.' The managers looked at one another. Tho case certainly looked black. 'I don't believe it,' said Mr Farther. 4 Captain Freelance would be incapable of abandoning a girl under such circum stances to poverty.' ' Then got her to clear bis reputation. Get her lo tell who the boy's father is.' 'So t will,' said Mr Farther, doggedly. IIo felt very shaky ns to his friend's innocence ; but then, unless the. affair was cleared up, tha Captain's reputation was gone. If ho w»ro guilty, the truth could do him no more harm than would be done by allowing things to remain as they now were. Miss Ivyloaf by this time was, under tha rare of the porter, beginning to recover. When she hud wgnined her senses she was brought buck into the room, and Mr Parthor commenced to question her in a gentle tone. 1 Mrs Iieaf,' ho said, ' it is of the greatest importance that we should know the name of your child's father.' ' But he's diiiul.' murmured Miss Ivyleaf, glancing nt Dr. JJlair in 11 terrilii'il manner. ' That doesn't mutter.' said Mr Knrtlior. ' It is nuce.viiry wo sho.ild know his name. Tell mo, now, is Cuptnin Freelance the man !' ' No, nn!' exclaimed Miss Ivyleaf, in apparent surprise. ' Don't u-.[\ us falsehoods !' broke in Dr. Ulnir, fiercely. ' If Cuptiiin Freelance is not the man, who is?' ? lie's deHd I I asfuire you he's dead,' said llins Ivyleaf, iinploringi'y. ' Deud or ulire, what's his namu ? Who was he ?' Miss Ivyleaf lookeil nt the doctor. Her terror seemed to five her a kind of cour ugo. ' Ho was your son ' she said in a low voice. 'What!' shouted Dr. Blnir. 'How dare you ? ' ' Here ho is, sir,' interrupted tin; porter, as he led iuto tho room Miss Ivyleaf's rnjjrel lmy. At the sight of the 1 d the doctor's angry words died nwny »n liis lips, lie 6aw before him the very imago of (leorge Blnir as he remembered him thirty years IIRO. 