ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, DECEMBER ll, 1888. OUR DEFENCE FORCE. Among the most difficult problems the people of Australia will have to deal with, at no distant date, is the formation of a military system in consonance with their own ideas of utility, efficiency, and freedom. The Queensland Defence Force Act, and arrangements made under it, have been based on the military castomB and laws which have long been in operation in the United Kingdom. Though onr experience of their opera- tion has been short, there are already indications of their unsuitability to the spirit and ideas of the people. ThiB is not matter for much surprise. The military system of the United Kingdom is an ancient and powerful institution. It has been regarded by the governing classes as one of the bulwarks of the constitution, and one to be rigidly guarded against the attacks of profane hands. Our older readers will remember that the higher ranks in the service were long preserved for the occupancy of the younger som of the gentry ; and that it required a long fight to secure the abolition of purchase of commissions, and promotion by merit. The Army regulations were prepared by those who were interested in the military class; and, no doubt, with due consideration (or the officers. Then provision had to be made for the control of rank and file, drawn from what may be called the lower classes. As an employment the Army has never been popular. Service in it becomes irksome, and rigid and strict discipline has to be maintained. Then the strength and efficiency of regiments have always had to be pre- served, because the Eastern Question hos always , been an open one in Europe, and Britain never knew when or how its Army might be required to assist in its settlement. There has always been a large standing army at- home and abroad, and the pro- cess of making soldiers for it out of the most ignorant and' thoughtless members of the community had con- tinually to be carried on. When the threatened French invasion about 1860 caused the pulse of British patriotism to beat high, the Volunteer Army sprang into existence, and continues to be an important portion of the Defence Force of the United Kingdom. ' ' It was formed, however, by those, who were familiar with the old system. The re- gulations under which , the men serve, and the methods by which they are controlled, have been borrowed from the old system, and modified to suit the new force. The saine sort of organization is on its trial in Queensland. It .goes, without showing, we think, that the great purpose of our military system ought to be that of an educa- tional institution! Our little army should be a military school in which our youthful citizens should become familar with the mili- tary art themselves, -and capable, on an emergency arising, of teaching it to others. Writing upon the national military system of the United States, an officer of rank says : *' During times of peace the instruction pf the Army ia most of its duties should be confined to learning how to do them, and to do many of them only for the purpose of learning ¡tow. In the conduct of this there is ample time for practice in all its requirements, if the knowledge exists as to how it should be conducted. Constant of being ready for war that comes so seldom is really a waste of time." The and unremitting exercises for the purpose manner in whioh the operations oLboth armies were carried out in the American war show armies could be formed and brought into action without long pre- paration. Indeed it was discovered that in actual campaigning the only essential movement was passing from column into line, and from line into column. In the shaping and forming of our military system, what we have to guard against is the adoption of one based upon a cringing submission to and personal dependence jn superiors. Such a system, we make bold to say, will be unsuitable to the Bpirit, temper, and ideas of the people of this Colony. It is under the like that men in European annies become mere machines. Rigid and strict discipline causes them to. cease to reflect; patriotic ardour and enthusiasm soon abate; if they have any spirit they leave the army at the earliest opportunity, or sink * into mechanical soldiers. " A subordina- tion," it hos been observed, " that is attempted to be made instinctive by basing it upon an exaggeration of the personal, social, and assumed inherent inferiority of the enlisted man, besides preventing the best enlistments, can only, where a free citizen is concerned be made efficient by long years of effort - longer than any war is likely to last; and, therefore, this kind of discipline, while it may answer in the armies of aristo- cratic countries, ÍB not the best in * free country." It is for our citizen soldiers, and colonists generally, to consider whether that is the Byitem we are in danger of having introduced into Queensland. What we think ought to be aimed at is a system in which the men should be .taught, in as free and easy a manner as possible, the beauty of respect for constituted authority ; love of law, order, and system ; fidelity to duty ; esprit de corps ; and the necessity for silence and obedience. Any attempt ; to impose social distinctions along with higher rank will be fatal to the success' of the system. This is especially to be, observed in connection with our volun- teer companies. Th« members of them, are in general the right sort of men to1 make capital soldiers. They are young,' active, and i intelligent, .and many of them are in as good social positions as their Officers. To expect these men to; submit to be treated with anything approaching contempt, and to be made to feel that Subordination extended to other than military matters, is not reasonable. Our military system ought to be constructed so that the difference between military and social subordi- nation should be clearly defined. When that is fully understood officers and men will act in harmony and with enthu- siasm, and make our army one in which we can have confidence, and of which we may be proud. The late Richard Anthony Proctor, the astronomer, was no dreamer of dreams. He was by no means always "in the stars." He waa rather an eminently -inctioal thinker and observer, as his writings in "Knowledge" show, and his convictions therefore are worthy some attention. In this category will come a posthumous article, which bas appeared in many American papers, on the enbject of the special traits of character which appear in Englishmen and Americans, citizens of the United States ; and the more so that very many of bis remarks apply almost equally weU to Australians, citizens of the not-yet-nnited States of Australia. The last years of Mr. Proctor's life were epent in America, and he saw with regret what he terme the fanciful and arbitrary notions which the people of the two nations harboured with regard to one another, instead of recognising ' that they both sprang from the one common stock, though one had shaken off certain old-fashioned forms of control which the other could not relieve itself of without anarchy and disturbance. It was the sort of wiifcl misunderstanding of the nature of the I kinship that exists that he raised his voice against, hil own experience being that tho ? difference between tba two nations, and be bad dwelt among both of them, waa far lean than he would have expected from the dlfferenoe in the conditions under which they bad sob sisted during the but few generations. It ia. to be feared that there is Something of the same kind of separatist feeling spreading in . Australia, not the séparation ol terri torr and of ruling power, whioh must come in due time, and which cannot be deprecated altogether on either side, but the separation of thought and feeling of community of interest, neither of ' which should ever be wanting in the associa- tions of Britons and Australiana. Of such *, separatist character is the Australian Natives' Association which has been established in the southern colonirs, by which it is sought t» gtve to persons born on Australian so ll claims to precedence and privileges whioh are denied to tboae who were born on the other aide of the world, but came here later on. Buch a fanciful distinction seems even worse . than that wbiob raised Ur. Proctors ire, for in the Mates local traits havebecome marked, ami the new- comer diverges more widely from them ; »hilo here there is noauoh accentuated distinction. A true national feeling is what is wanted in Australia, and there is all the . material lying ready for it, if a seed of discord such as is now tndioated is not intruded into it. That the Association has not taken deep-. root is a matter tor congratulation. Aooident of birth is not tbs groundwork upon which the building np of our great nation should split. Whichever side of the world the Australian waa bom bia interests are now the same, and the sooner this ts recognised the better will it be ior the progress of our nationality. Mr. Lukin was at Mount Morgan yesterday holding his monthly sittings of the Police and Small Debts Courts, and attending to any mining mattera that were brought under his notice locally. The official reports for the twenty-four boure emding at 9 a.m. yesterday showed that the weather is fine throughout thé colony, and still hot here and there. Our southern files contain the gratifying news that in the south- western part of the colony there have been aplaudid nina, which have given the grass a spring, and set the creeks and rivers running. A gentleman «rho last. week visited Dingo informs ns that tba country round about there is io splendid con- dition, the grass being several inohes -high, and beautifully green. About the Dawar«, however, it ia aa bare aa a billiard-table, and there is not a blade of grass to be seen. The monthly sitting of the Lands Court was held yesterday before Mr. Commissioner Young. Tbe following applications for selec- tions were approved of :-Jane Maokean, 160 acres, agricultural, Playfair; B. Dempsey, 1760 acres, grating, Beathlands ; O. VV. Pearse, 1872 acres, grazing. Heathlands; James Pearse, 920 acres, gracing, Heathlands; Henry Diamond, 1100 sores, grazing, Heath- lands ; P. Larsen, 2060 acres, grating, Dua- ringa East ; John Cagney, 200 acres, grazing, Duai inga Bast ; J. C. Schwarten, 160 acres, agricultural, Playfair. Certificates of fulfil- ment of conditions were granted, subject to inspection, to-H. L. Pacey, 670 acres, Ko. 1965\. Torilla ; R. L. Pacey, 640 aeres. No. 2023, Torilla ; T. Kelly, 2000 acres, No. 1B83, Calliungal ; T. Kelly. 2000 acres. Mo. 9039, Calliungal. Tbs applications of D. Temple, 160 acres, No. 2203, parish of Archer, and 3. Guthrie, 160 acres, No. 2206, parish of Anther, were rejected on account of insuffi- cient residence, and tbat of F. Flowers, 699 acres. No. 2407, Torilla, owing to the non appeal anoe of the applicant. Several sales of Government land will shortly be held in this distriot. The first will take place on Thursday at the Westwood Ballway Station, and will be conducted by Mr. O. W. Young, Lands Commissioner. There will then be offered twenty-five block* in the suburbs of Westwood, varying in area from 2 acres 3 roods 32 perches to 6 acres, which will be sold at an upset pries ol about £3 an acre : a block of 17 acres 1 rood 26 perches on Oakey Creek, three miles beyond Westwood, at an upset price of £20 ; and a twenty-acre plot opposite the Dingo Ballway Station, at an upset prioe of £50. On tbe fol- lowing Tuesday lend In and around Yeppoon will be offered by Messrs. Da a? barn «nd Gavin, acting for the Government. On the 7th of January the following land will be thrown open to selection at the Land* Qffioe here :-Portion 21v, agricultural farm, - 80 acres, Boolburra, at an annual rental ol 6d. an acre ; three graziös farms ol 8000, 6000, and 2600 mores each, known respectively as farms 7v, 8v, and liv, cn the resumed part of Canal <Jreek ran, at an annual rental of Id. per acre-these farm* include forfeited grazing area No. 7. Mr. G. W. Griffin, United Stats* Consul in Australia, faa* recently issued a lengthy and interesting report on the wool trade of the colonies. In the course of hb remark* he ?ayas-"A feature in the 8ydney markst this year is the introduction of a greater quantity of wool from Queensland than formerly. Queensland cow takes the second rank in the number of sheep in Australia, and the third rank in Australasia. Growers In Queensland are beginning to see tb* im- portance of obtaining quick returns from tbe sale of their wool in Sydney. The product this season ia remarkable for ita fineness and soundness of staple. These fine-haired wools always elicit strong competition from the Continental bayer* who ¡visit the Sydney marketa. At one time it was supposed that wool could not be grown successfully in a. oonntry like Queensland, a great portion of which is in the tropics, and it was said even by London scientists that when woof!, was. Introduced lt would tom ' to bair. ¡ The Australian explorer Landsborong|i, ,wban confronted with such statements,, efked,. (How, theo, do you account for tho woolly heads of the tropical Af noan I'" In the absence of Mr. Lukin, Mn/F. A. Morgan, J.P., dealt with the cases at the. Polios Court yesterday. John Johnson, who has previously been sentenced . ior\ |h deoent and disorderly oonduct, was., again Charged with drunkenness. He pleaded, guilty, and tn piteous tones asked the Bench, to give bim another chance. He had 'bean giving way to drink of late he knew ; bat be woola tum over a new leaf. He had work to do, and if His Worship would let him go 'this, time he would turn to at onoe, and leave th» town shortly after Christmas to rejoin bit re- latives and friends in Brisbane. Inspeotor Morrissett observation-to the effect that he- we* a well-known character in the metropolis -notwithstanding, Mr. Morgan discharged, the accused.-Manuel Lopper, an Afghan, was charged with being drunk and disorderly. He did not deny hit guilt, but urged in ex- tenuation of bis disorderly condnot that ha waa atanding in the street when a white man came up, and wanted bim to fight. He de- clined at first, but «hen his assailant, began to unfasten bit (Lopper's) coat, he put up hu fists. A row ensued, and ten. or twelve men tackled him, and he told them that he could not fight them altogether, but would take one after another. As the j arresting constable (Behan) did not see the beginning of the disturbance, be oonld neither corroborate nor refute the accused's story Mr. Morgan said fighting in the streets would have to be put a atop to, and fined Lopper £1, with the alternative ol forty-eight hours in tbe oells.-Carl Andersen, a Dane, on bail, waa brought to account foi using obscene language. He said he waa speaking, io bia native tongue, and the constable not understanding what he was saying, took it that he waa cursing. Constable Behan testi- fied on oath as to the language used by Andersen, and Mr. Morgan inflicted a fine of £2, remarking that the use of obscene language must be put a atop to, and that he was not going to let off anyone else charged with it Edward Peebles, also on bail, was charged with drunkenness, but as it waa bi* first offence, and be bad not created a disturbance, he was set at liberty. Mr. M. B. Salisbury, lately of Meokey, bi beeo appointed derk In the Boekbemptc Lande Offioe. Figaro of Saturday aaya :-" It ia no aeon that Mr. W. Whitman baa designs < Parliament, and if a Rockhampton ooaneotio can be worked np, he may yet appear abroa with tba free railway pass opon his ampi bosom." Among those who suooeeded at the recei quarterly examinations of the Pharmao Board ' of Queensland were Mr. Nicholl Gibney, lately of Rockhampton, in dlspenBinj and Mr. James Patrick Joseph Gordon, < Rockhampton, In materia medica. The storms.of last week did considerabl -damage on the Darling Downs. On Frida -afternoon three horses belonging to Mi Thomas Craig, of Freestone, were killed h lightning, standing beside a wire fence. . tree jnst in front of a railway cottage ? Tangan was shattered daring tbe same atora and another in Reeve Bros.' paddock at Km Vate was also etruok. On Thursday evenin a tnan named Horrocks was riding in one < the Kton Vale paddocks when a flash < lightning killed both man and bone. Til central finial of the pediment of the Royi Bank in Toowoomba was strnok and sei .crashing on to the roof. The chimney of Eivete dwelling-house occupied by Mn offat was also shattered. The following proclamations were publishe in the Qovenw.nl Gazette of Saturday last : A. O. Maitland to be assistant G-overnmen Geologist; H. D. Desmond, lately of Roes (lampton, to be first assistant teacher In th Boss Island State School, Townsville ; E Charlo, second-class petty officer, to be first clans petty officer, vice M'Ivor, resigned, ii the Rockhampton Naval Brigade; J. Theisson A.B., tu be aecond-olass petty officer in th same company, vice Charlo, promoted ; E Erickson, A.B., to be eeoond-class petti .officer, vice Ritchie, resigned. Two roods o land have been set apart as a reserve for poe «md telegraph par poses at Winton, and ian< ' on the resumed part of Bowen Downs run prc -claimed open for selection as agricultura farms on the 7th of January. Tbe Hon. J. Donaldson, Minister for Edn cation, notifies in Saturday's Oovernmen GcutUe thatolauae seventy-one of the existing cegalatfons under the Orphanages Act of 187! has been rescinded, and the following ne« ?clause, to take effect from Ut January next substituted :-" Wages shall be paid to ever; child hired ont at the following rates : Fros 12 to 13 yean, ls. 3d. per week ; from 13 to 14 3s. 3d.; from 14 to 16, Ss. 6d. ; from 16 to IS 4s. 6a. ; from 1« to 17, 8s., of whloh th. -respective proportions of ls., 2s., 3s., and 4s weekly shall be paid in advance, into th. Government Savings Bank, at the beginnlnj .of every quarter, to the credit of the Inspeoto .of orphanages, or superintendent of tbi Orphanages from which the child was hired, m -trastees for the child ; and the balance t< -avery child from 12 to 14 yean of age a the rate of 3d. weekly, and from 14 to 1( yean of age at the rate of 6d. weekly, abai be given as pocket-money at convenient times but not less frequently than once a month, fx the obild. From ld to 17 years of age hal the child's wages, or 4s. per week, shall Ix paid into the Government Savings Bank, U the credit of the trustee, and the balanoc o! 4s. per week shall be handed onoe a monti to the child, who shall be required to defra] the emt of his or her clothing. Payments ol .pocket money will not be recognised unlesi the book provided for that purpose shows thi child's acquittance against each payment." The special services in oonnecMon with th< -Salvation army were continued yesterday, In the afternoon the members marched round the track parts of the town, again headed bj their brass band, led by Mr. James Merson, .Returning to the hall, they took part in the «nebomary servios, which, owing probably tc it being a holiday, (and partly to tbe fact that Major Wrliiht had advertised an address .on "The Christianity of Christ," was largely attended by non- adherents. The Majors .address, though Interesting, was disappoint- ing in that lt omitted any reference to the ?eatons which influence the Army In conduct- ing Its ceremonies in the peculiar fashion which thu gained it such notoriety. In fact, bis re- marks were anoh that one would hear at an -ordinary evangelical service, except that it .dealt partly with the doctrine of salvation aa taught by the Army. He contended there .svat "too muoh negleot of that real Chris- tianity which Is spoken ot In tbe 1st ohapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, which implied the oleanatog ot one's sins, and th« leedingof an up- right life-in short, following the command -enents of tbs Lord in their true spirit. Many .sjo-oalled Christians were really not so, and be was afraid that the number of real Christians among the professing many was (.smell Indeed. They were wont fa this .sue to talk of Christian nations and the (kristian world, bat where wald they find a .Christian nation ? England was «aid to be ..Mks, tat lt was not. 1 here waa as muoh .heathenism among its people ss in Africa. What be understood by a Christian nation .-was one In whloh every Individ oat in .it .-eras; a follower of Christ, and lived ?to serve bim ; and wbes the .day .svrie-ed when there waa snob s nation it would .indeed be blessed. He waa not moah of« theologian, bnt he had read a little of the -theology of the Methodist, Bomen Catholic, 'avid Presbyterian Chnrohes, and of other sects .sad parties: and he would net say he wse en ? -tifely satisfied with any of them. There was «nlv oas passage in tbe Rible, however, that .bowed bim what the Christianity ot Christ intended to do for them, and In then), stud rft was to be found tn the lat chapter «rf gt, Luke, beginning at the 89tb .< -M-rae, In that passage Jeremiah, being filled . Jsrith the .Holy Ghost, prophesied that God *' hath raised osan horn of salvation for usia -the house of hts servant David . . . -that we, being saved from our enemies, and «from the .hand of all that bate us . . . .night serve him without fear, In holiness «ana ' righteoasness all the days of onr life." if that implied anything it was that there .waa salvation for all-that they who sought to bc cleansed from their sine would be so .oleansed, and serve the Lord " without fear, in holiness and righteoasness," ssl the days of their -life. There was some who con (tended there was no salvation nntll one lay on his death-bed, but that was a teaching opposed to the Holy Scriptures. To be a t-ue Christian a man mutt live ap to the standard laid dowu in Zachariah's prophecy, and that was the standard raised bg the Anny. There were some who said lower it, bot they replied-as the soldier did who was commanded to bring dows his nation's fits-"No," I then pleated it In the ground, and said " I will never retreat. Come np to it." The Major was listened to very attentively, and it was evident he ene caeded lo interesting bis bearers. He agaia alluded to the eubject in the course of the afternoon, deprecating the teachings of the principles of morality instead of those of t faristianity. A farther meeting was held in the evening, when the question was again en- larged upon. Tbe farewell banquet to Sol'-Inspector Galbraith takes place this evening st the Belmore Arms Hotel. Telegraphingonthe6tb instant, the Croydon -correspondent of tbe Courier says :-" In the oase of the jumper of Merry's hotel, which is wained at £3000, the warden nonsuited the jumper, with costs amounting to £25. Much satisfaction is felt at the result of the case, and the jumping scare has oow abated. Four hundred homestead leases have now beeu ap- plied for bert." A Cooktown message of the 6th instant ?ays :-" The R.M.H. Dacca arrived from the ?oath shoat seven o'clock last evening, and ?teamed away again without Customs authority. She left several passengers and «vii the cargo intended for ber, although the Ughtarwas within fifty yardi of the Dacca when the latter left. Amongst tbe.pasaengera left waa Herr Zoeller, of the Cilognt OaatUé." " Rouan OH RATS."-Clears ont rata, mioe, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, inserts, skunks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggist's.-ADVT. " RorjoH ON CATABEH."-Corrects offen- sive odors at once. Complete jure of worst chronic oases ; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, fool breath.-ADVT. The Maryborough Hospital Committee are atilt distinguishing themselves, and their last meeting tops the score. The IF. B. Ntv* ssys that while the rest of the Committee were showing their manliness by attaokiog and villefying a woman in her absence, one member, for - daring to speak in her favour, was struck a blow by another member, and called anything but what he should be. This last member has resigned, an example wbiob ought to be followed by others. As they were not elected by the public, however, probably they imagine they are not respon- sible to .them. The chairman thinks be can manage in a month to make things right. Nous verront. Within a month or two, two matrons bave had to leave the institution, and both made the esme com {ilaints." Prom the report of the meeting we earn that it was called for the purpose of considering a charge of drunkenness preferred by the matron against Mr. A. F. Sapsford, a Committeeman. In the course of the dis- cussion Mr. Tooth said others might say what they liked, but no man frequented publio-bouses often bot was sometimes under tbe influence of liquor, and tbe pnblic believed Mr. Sapsford was sometimes in that condition. Mr. Sapsford here rose from his chair, weat np to the Chairman, and demanded an apology from Mr. Tooth. The latter did not apologise, when Mr. Sapsford again demanded an apology as from one gentleman to another. Mr. Tooth waa understood tossy that be could not consider aa a gentleman one who had voted as he bad done at last meeting. Mr. Sapsford then took off his ring, laid it on tho table, and made a blow at Mr. Tooth, which the latter partly avoided by leaning back in bis chsir, and then exclaimed "This is the man who eayB be was not druuk." Mr. Saps- ford then returned to his aeat, after oalling Mr. Tooth a coward, ftc. Writing on October 12, tbe London corre- spondent of the Melbourne Argus says : Negotiations have been reopened with the Canadian Paoifio Ballway Company for the establishment of a mail service between Van- couver and Australia. Sir F. Dillon Bell, the Agent General for New Zealand, has been in communication with the company on the subject in view of the early abandonment of tbe San Franoiaon asrvioe, and the company have made overtures to Mr. Aroher, the Agent-Oensral for Queensland, with a view to arrange a service to alternate with the British-India Company's. The Canadian Pacific Company propose to place vessels of the very highest olaas on the route, and to make the most complete arrangements for the comfort of passengers. Already arrange- ments have been made fer the Atlantio steamers in connection with the mail service to Japan, Cfaiua, and Hongkong. It is in- tended that tbe fares shall not exceed those of the P. and 0. and Orient companies, and that the connections shall be managed so thst there will be no neoessity for additional hotel or other expenses. The through tickets will inolude sleeping and dining accom- modation on tbe railway journey. The com- pany are confident of being able to maintain an uninterrupted service, and as they bave already had experience of two winters, withont Buffering a serious enowblook, their confidence appears to be justified. They are under heavy penalties in connection with the China and Hongkong servios, which as yet there has been no occasion to enforce. The oompany are prepared to perform the service for passengers and mails between London and Brisbane under thirty-five days, oalling at Honolulu and Fiji, a branoh steamer taking the New Zealand mails from Fiji to Auckland. Whether the New Zealand Government will be disposed to accede to such an arrangement remains to be seen, but there can be no donbt that Queensland and New South Wales would have reason to be satisfied with snoh a service, for the company believe they will be able to complete the journey in thirty two days, which, for those colonies, would make the service speedier than those of the P. and 0. and Orient companies. As to the amount of subsidy required the oompany are naturally reticent, but they state that if the three colonies can be induoed to co-operate, the Canadian and English Governments are in- clined to deal liberally in the matter, and that a substantial saving «nay be effected by the colonies upon existing arrangements. 