EXIT BIBBS. ? -S, ? __ ? i The hope expressed in our last issue that the effect of Mr, Dibbs's muddled motion of i censure would be to make it his last appear ; ance aa leader of her Majesty's Opposition has been realized eyen sooner than we ex-- pected. Left almost alone on that occasion by the hitherto faithful few who had fol lowed him into so many ditches, it may well have seemed to him that at length he had reached the last one, when nothing remained to him but to die in it, and the unfortunate - leader, defeated and deserted, like the de- spairing Brutus at Philippi, performed the ' happy despatch ' accordingly. If there should be something of a shock in finding one's prediction of so melancholy a fate so speedily fulfilled, we cannot say that in this case we particularly felt it. Sadden death is, doubtless, always more or less affecting, but when it is sudden death by a man's own hand there is generally come strong impelling reason lor the 'rash act ' which is apt to spoil one's sympathy, if, for instance, the wretched man who met his fate, curiously enough, on the same day (Tuesday last) at Armidale, had contrived the night before to anticipate the hangman, no one, probably, except that grim official i himself, would greatly have minded, and with every apology to the hon. gentleman for the comparison, this seems to have been very much Mr. Dibbs's case. His resignation of the leadership of the Opposition, there is good reason to believe, only anticipated the action of the Opposition in respectfully, or otherwise, requesting it ; or to put it an other way, he preferred to walk down stairs as gracefully as might be to save his late followers the trouble of — well, assisting him. However that may be, there can be no doubt that his resignation must have been a blessod relief to both parties, and may fairly be described as the one really sensible, creditable act of his brief and turbulent reign. If ever the much*- quoted line, ' Nothing in his life became him like the leaving it,' might I be quoted once more, it is certainly in ' the case of the close oil this luckless leader ship, boasting no single victory, one bare, unbroken record of blunder and defeat. There might be something to be said of the defunct leader as such, but that the good old rule, ' Of the dead nothing unless good,' restrains us. Anything deader than Mr. Dibbs as a political leader not even Mr. Ninian Melville could conceive, and we are therefore necessarily silent, except to say that over the political tomb to which he has so prudently consigned himself there can be written no ' Eesurgam.' There are careers such absolute failures, and failures so^absolutely irredeemable, that the best mercy in regard to them is forgetful ness and sheer oblivion. 'We may not, indeed, be able soon to forget Mr. Dibbs — ' that deficit' alone is one effectual reminder that must long 'keep his memory green' — but it is some thing at least to know that such terrors as a 'Dibbs party' or a 'Dibbs Go vernment' can never again come to af« fright and afflict the State. He may haunt for some little time longer our political life, as we see some poor social ' wreck' haunt our streets ; but it will not be the Mr. Dibbs we have known but his ghost, and the next general election will, probably, see the vanishing even of that. A pathetic paragraph in an evening paper represents him as seeking comfort on the Opposition back bench in the congenial company of his ' brother in exile' from the front one, Mr. J. P. Abbott. There is often strange ' fel lowship in woe' no doubt, but surely never was there stranger than that of these two ex-leaders by their own default seeking each other out, like two grim shades on the gloomy shore of Acheron, stalking sullenly apart, kindred spirits in a common doom. 