IRoveh'st. "GLADYS." M-C A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME. BY M. M. 13. A lovely morning iu spring, when you seem to see the trees growing and the iiowcrs opening to the sun-all nature is so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth iu your heart, and si song of thanksgiving rises .oyour lip;, for the fact of life, and the blessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies before us, sloping grad ually to the river, and filled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom an old-fashioned garden-where the Lent iilies bjnt their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of the cottage type, though built with plenty of space at com mand, and showing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed with this world's goods io live in coiufort, at any rate, if not in absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of surpassing grace and beauty : one glance at the pure oval of her face, at the deep gray of her eyc-s, and the golden brown of her hair, " sunning over with curls,' to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands aud feet, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrica Conway had been "the beauty," jx/r of the last three seasons. There w;is, however, a tinge of melan choly in the wistful droop of her rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not entirely happy or free from" care. Fhtiing about from shrub to busli, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone d ctaled, and gradually filling the basket she carried in her hand with all the spoils of tlie garden, was another <mi-1. The two were much al.ke, but this one was younger, brighter, fairer, and evi dently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship' between the two. Leatric?, the elder cousin, was the owner of the pretty cottage, where also tiweic her aunt and cousin Glad vs. An almost sisterly affection existed between the two gills. L p to the present moment, Gladys had been the chief spokeswoman, but the con ver-auou had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that s::e anvays found it difiiuult to remain long in one place, and gatho-in- ilowers ssui'raed a splendid exercise for perpetual mot-on Now, however, she came and settled herself on the grass at her cousin's teer, and with a little sitrh of content bewail to ariange her spoil's. Beatrice continued the conversation as if no interruption had taken p'ace. "It is all very tine for you to talk, ihioya, just becausc you liappen to be engaged to the best follow in the world t o best catch of the season-a hand some man, and one who, beside all those advantages, is as madly in ]0ve with 3-ou little cousin, as if these were the days of chivalry, and you were an enchanted j^rincL'ss in a moated cas;le. He has only one serious fault that 1 know of, and there s no denying that lie is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." It s the only thing that prevents our *o\e story being as common-place as a couk s or a housemaids,pouted Glad vs. \- but J am always honing that soi,whi'u« may turn up to arouse his jealausv. but 3-0u know.' conhdeiuiallv, an<l with -v quaint little sigh, " Fm so dreadfully in love with him, that I don't think it ever can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure 1 could never give him even the slightest cause-'' "Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin ; "but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys.'' " 1 don't mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued Glady's, as if she liud not heard, 01% at any rate, heeded i he interruption, aud holding up a bun<h of creamy roses to see how they harmonised with li3r cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of paren thesis, "or that Claude is not the best and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for me ; but I am sure, Trixy," coaxingly looking up into the elder girl's face to try to get her to agree, it would have been much wiser and much more romantic if he had hap pened to l:e an artist, aud worn a velveteen coat, and u Yes,'1 laughingly, "yes, my dear coz, mucii more romantic, but not one-half so convenient. It was because my lover, Denzil de Lisle, was p><>r, that Aunt Catherine forced me to reject him. Don't ever think, Gladys my dear," speaking very tenderly, "that tlie most romantic surroundings can ever reconcile you to saying * good-bye' to one whom you truly love. I shall never forget Denzil, aud iE only I could see him once again, I could then die happily." " Nonsense, love," said Gladys, putting her arms round lier cousin, and kissing her affectionately, " don't talk about dying iu this glorious -weather; let's think of something happy and bright, like the sun shine,'' gathering all the flowers into a big bunch. "Claude said he'd be down about twelve, and take us both up the river fish ing. Yes, Trix, as you say, I'm a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shall ever want one of my own ; but, still, you must allow that poverty-mind, poverty without rags, I distinctly object to rags-poverty is so much more romantic than having all the luxuries of life aud a few over. " My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have them ; you were made for the sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless j'ou'll go through life quite re spectably without either." This was said in a joking maimer, but i when Bealrice saw the rosebud month be- | ginning to pout and the brown eyes fill with tears, siie drew her cousin tenderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. " Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever cared for, wiio is in every way worthy of you you musn'tmind me, dear. You will under stand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. 1 am going into the house ; shall I. bring your hat, dear ?'' " Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from beitig burnt black as a crow."' " That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's !" " Ko." with a merry laugh, *' not at all ; aud i don't think Claude would like a blackamoor for a wife, dearTrixy," watch ing the graceful figure till she disappeared into the cottage. " Well, I don't wonder at men falling in love with Beatrice. I should myself : it's quite a delight to me to watch her face, and I'm not a man, or I suppose it would be more so. J m quite proud to be her cousin, aud for people to pretend that they see a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. I would do any thing in the world for her - only I'm awfully glad Claude didn't like her best, because I don't, think t could give him up, even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled look, '? if he had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well." with a shake of the head, " 1 don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if he had been i poor, I could have proved mv devotion by-" Hut the rest of her meditations were cut short, by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little si.riek of pretended dism iv, Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, to right and left. Her face looked very rosy as she has ily released herself and stooped to pick up the blossoms, exclaim ing in tragic torn s, '"Oh. Claude, how you frightened me ! " " Frightened you, sweetheart I Why, what a clumsy brute I must be. Hut there, never mind those flowers, Ladybird, I'll take good care nobody else frightens you while I am here." He took her in his arms and bestowed a dozen kisses or. her lips. His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard aud flaxen hair shone like threads of gold in the sunshine. His blue eyes rested withdceploveaud admiration on the daintv figure lie held in his arms." After a few minutes given to lover-like demonstration, he seated himself on the grass beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by his sid -, possessing him self of one small hand. " And now tell me what you were talk ing about when I came." G ladys blushed a sudden fiery rod as she r jcollecred the wish that was on her lips. ' " Talking ! Was I talking ? What did I S33' ? *s Well, I only heard part of a sentence, it was this : ' I could have proven my de votion by-''' Oh," with a nervous little laugh, " I suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude." *' Private theatricals, indeed ' Now look here, Gladys.' iu a very masterful tone, '.I won't have you talking about your de votioi: io any other fellow but we. How do I know if you task about it but what yoi: may feel it, and then," lugubriously, '* what is to bee jme of me ? No. no, sweet heart. talk as much about devotion to me as you please, 1 am open to as many con tidences on that subject as you like to make, so tire away, I'm ready.""' " Nonsense. Claude," said Gladys laugh ing in spite of herself, 44 as if one could make lo\\-e to order, like a dress, or a coat, or boots." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cals are the very mischief, and put non sense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibitions! " Hut, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you kuow-" '' Charity be hanged .' Charity, should begin at home, and I believe its vanity that makes all you women so ready to ex hibit yourselves to be stared at. at so much a lie.xd, under the guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." "Xow don't be disagreeable, You kuow Beatrice has promised, aud you know all the places are booked at double prices to see the lovely Miss Cameron, the beauty of the last three seasons, in all the latest confection* that Worth has promised to send for the occasion-" "All well and good, if Beatrice likes to do it, aud her aunt, your mother I mean, sees no objection ; but recollect you are my properly now," looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. '. And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture, ifoiv don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can t boar to see tnnt dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladj's, we 11 go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling,5 in a low, tender voice, drawing her to him, " you can't think what pain it would be to me to hear myown little love discussed at the clubs as 1 hear ro many other fellows' sisters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me, Glady'e, to find that you had ever liad a secret from me. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived me." He was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on so slight a cause, but Gladys remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before he inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a cer tain lady, and how he had only then re turned from his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when she an swered hiui. "Deceive you, Claude-why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way -not a little bit." " Because I know you like having iny way best-now confess you do ?" "I shan't confess anything of the kind," said Gladys, perrersely. "Ah, but I know you do," with a wise shake of the head. " Wdl, of course, if you know, there's no more to bs said." 11 Where's Beatrice V' he lazily inquired, , after a slight loverlike pause. I " Oli, Claude,*' she continued, in a sor- j rowful little voice, " she's just been tell ing me the very saddest love story I ever heard; and, what is sadder still, it is every bit true.'' " Tier own queried Claude, more in terested in picking the bits of moss from Gladys pink dress, than in ever so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. " Yes ; that's the reason she has never married, and ''-in an awe-struck whisper -"she never intends to be, because she can't forget D-" At this moment a loud ring was heard, nt which Claude jumped quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. " What a nuisauce ! 1 forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come down to day and go fishing with us-you know dear, it must, be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, but yet she must feel <h trop, at any rate I knew she is just one too many, so I thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartette instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duets-don't you think it is a good idea, pet ?" "Oh, capital! Only it's no good ; Beatrice will never love again." " Well, at any rate, Denzil will enter I tain her : he's the best fellow in the world ] -only came back from India last w<ek. i I ran up against him in Bond-street Inst night ; we were delighted to meet a gain we used to be the greatest chums in the world, Denzil and I." | "Denzil! What a pretty name; it j sounds strangely familiar," murmured Gladys. " What's his other name ?" " De Lisle-Denzil de Lisle. Why, Gladys, what is the matter ?' for Gladys had sprang to her feet as if by an electric shock, and now stood looking, flushed and 1 eager, at her tall lover. " What name I Sa}7 ifc again, Claude," clutching at his arm as he was turning aside. " Denzil de Li-le. Do you know him 2" -this latter in quick, suspicious tones. " Why, how odd you look !' " Do 1 ?" laughing nervously. " No, I don't know him-I have heard, the naimi -nothing more." " I don't understand ; what do you mean ?" laying a detaining hand on her shoulder. " ifotlung," disengaging herself, " let me go ; £ will be back directly. I must tell Beatrice ; ' with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her ill angry amazement. He made a step to follow her, but thought better of it, and took out his cigar case, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing influence of a picked Havana. Tiie following sen tences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar: "I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow I repeat, if I were jealous," this last was very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a small pshble into the river, "I should swear this was some old lover of hers ; but it cant be. I'll never believe my Gladys, my little white dove, could so de ceive me." Here lie took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. "Xo, I don't believe it, and .yet, how else account for her sudden agitation at the mention of Denzil's name ? it was that which so affected her, I'll swear-ah, here comes the fellow himself ; I'll tackle him going to meet him. " He'sd.uced good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an officer and a gentleman. Ah, my dear fellow," as the two men met and cordially shook hands, "you've found us out. The siirls will be very glad to seo you. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it ?" '. Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright." "Oh, the fish are only an excuse. There's one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh, you nee In't shake your head and try to look solemn; wait till you've seen her. I'm sure Mrs. Con way '' Comvay !" interrupted the other man quickly. " Did you say Conway V" Claude's face grew somewhat shadowed, as he answered, " Yes. Do you know her ?" '* X knew Mrs. Conway once-a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter ?" "Oh, yes;'' eagerly. u Cladys "That name-it must be the same."] He turned to Claude and holding out his 1 hand, said, "Do you know I have searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but have been unable to hear of her V Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt." '' She was-didn't you know that she is dead ? But, tell me, old fellow, what do you know of Glady's V Where did you see her? When " She is the only woman I ever loved." rejoined the other. " I love her still, though Heaven kuows she treated me scandalously. We were everywhere together for a month. I followed her like her own shadow ; she smiled but on me, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who wore rich and titled-" "Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway '' Sure. Do I know my own face in the glass ? Sot belter than I knew hers. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for fea ture, and line for liue, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the top of my bent, and I was mad enough to think she loved me, when in the spring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine aud told me that nothing but death should part us ; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saving she was already pledged to Huijo B&ukside;, that I must forget her ; we Tiad been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed lier in my heart, and loft London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the d iy before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still uuniavried, and I made up my mind that I would search for GladjTs and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought "f seeing her so soon, with the hope tlmt yet she may he mine. All, I felt she could never have buen so cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some-" " Yes, as you say, there had-been aoine in "stake, but you must excuseine-so sorry -just rcc dlecfc a n.ost important engage ment-j'ou will wait here and 8>;e her. Gladys, Miss Con way-give that to her, 1 must be off at once." Duriug these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in his pocket-book and then torn out the leaf: he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his faco. '. Are you ill, old man ? You look as ii. you had seen a ghost." " Xo. all right, thanks, it's only the shadow from the treeswith a faint laugh see you again soon. Good by." And with quick, decided steps, he [ was gone. 4' Really, that is too good of him, to make liimsolf scarce like this, good old ! fellow, but I fancied from a word or two that he dropped the other day, that I was to be introduced this morning to the future Mrs. Meredith, but I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to liim, anyhow, to give me a chance of see ing her like this. I wish she would come, and ycfc, 1 dread to think of it, if I should bo mistaken again. Ah, my darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again has so unnerved me ; but I must not meet her with a gloomy face. Ah, here she comes And the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps lie had heard was only Gladys, who felt slightly disconcerted to find a stranger there, and 110 sign of Claude what ever. She advanced, however, iu her pretty fluttering way, and held out a tiny hand, which Major de Lisle took and cordially pressed, for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. Major de Lisle, I presume?'' Faid Gladys, in lier bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinking what a goodly man tliisloverof hercousin's was. He was tall and slight, with a well propoitloned and well-built frame, which looked remarkably enduring. The face was that of aman who had thoughtand su ft'ered; clear olive skin, and waving dark brown hair, and heavy, drooping mustache, kindly, deep brown eyes, that women, little chil dren and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. " Yes, that is my name. I cams here by Claude Meredith's invitation, and now as he has been unexpectedly i;e-called to town, I must introduce myself). He left this note for Miss Conway."' Gladys looked as he felt, truly as tonished, but held out her for hand tlie let ter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. " Claude gone-without saying good-by. How strange ? You don't know me. Major de Lisle, although you are very familiar with my name. I am Gladys Conway, the second." He started perceptibly. " The Gladys Conway you know is my ; cousin, but you will nover see her more. Ah. forgive me," seriously, "I did not mean to alarm you. You will see my j cousin almost immediately, but under an other name. Oh, how stupid I am ! No, she is not married, but has changed her! name to Beatrice Cameron. It was a| fancy of her godfather's, who left her a large fortune 011 that condition. Strange to sav, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. j Of co'irse, I do not know your history, but 1 am quite sure/' with a charming smile, .' that one whom Gladys loved must be worth loving." "Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still j free he pleaded. '' As free as air-or rather, I should say, as free as a woman car. be who is bound uj> in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I am persuaded she will never marry-that is. I mean," with a little questioning look at her companion, "she will never marry unless you ask lier a«-nm. I am certain there must have been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin-for Gladys" sake-I risk you straightforwardly, why you sent her that cruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truth." She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ten der ones. " Why. I could do 110 other, when she 1 herself wrote that, it was all a mistake, that 1 must forge! her, as lie was betrothed to Arthur Bankside. on account of his wealth and position. What could I, the penniless subaltern in an expensive regi ment, reply to such an appeal ? Could I hold her to her word so lightly given, or even did I do so, would she consent to be so held V It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered l>y belief in woman's dis interestedness. I left Loudon that night, and England as soon as I could make the exchange. Can you fancy what feelings of Tantalus 1 had, when the first letters I re ceived from home told me of my accession to woalth and estates of which till that moment I had never dreamed."' "But she-Gladys-never wrote that le t?r you speak of; it must have been Aunt Kate-Mrs. Lennox. You know she was very proud of Gladys in a way, and lmd determtned she should make the best match of the season; but Dr. Banlrside didn't propose till the day after you left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept on refusing him ever since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packed her off, then and there, back to ua, to the old house in Cornwall, where we had lived all our lives, and continued to do so till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his god daughter, Gia lys Conway-your Gladys, you know-ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, llie only proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother-Beatrice-and add thereto his own patronj-mic of Cameron ; so that is the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the de tails ; but now-are you not dying to see her? Confessnow/'addei thelight-kearted girl. "Yes, indeed I am ; and can I see her -now-at once ?" " Yes you shan't be kept waiting long, I will go at once and find Beatriceand send her to you, Will you come into the house, or see Beatrice here ?" " Here, if she will come." " I am sure she will ; so, once more, nil <1 <!*}-><. and with a happy laugh, the &irl; disappeared. A more serious look flitted across the somewhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, and tli-11 a look of iiope came into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too many to remain there unuttered, and came forth in dreamy nr.isiugs. His musings were broken by a voice speaking just behind him-the one voice in all the world to him. " Gladys told me- Oh, Denzil! at last." The latter portion of the sentence was spoken in his arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed of it, on his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein ali the love and longing of years seemed to find expression, and she lay quite still, with the tears coursing down her face. In vain lie tried to kiss them away; but she said to let her weep, it did her gooii. The paroxysm of weeping soun spent it self, and Beatrice smiled up into her lover's face. "Now tell H3C," she said, raising her head a little from its resting-place, and clasping one of his brown hands in her two little white ones. " JEsow tell me, I >enzil, how did you find ine V When did you come ? Why didn't you come before, II a -ye wanted you so much." " My darling ! and I you-all the time. When I received that note from you-" " Note! what aiotc? I never wrote to you before you wentawayDenzil. Why should I ? we saw each other every day." "See, darling, this letter, with your monogram on it." " I never wrote it, Denzil-never," she interrupted. '' But how was I to know that ? I had never seen your hand writing even." Oh, Denzil! And after I told you how I loved you!" " Ah, dearest love, I was mad to doubt you ; but there can be no true love with [ out jealousy, and did I not know everyone I would envy me my pearl, my flower V j When I received that cruel note from you -as I then thought-f was stunned, broken-hearted, and wentto India at once, and have been there till eik weeks ago when 1 was invalided home." j *' But my letters,JDenzil! You got them surely T' she said. "Never a line, and for a very good reason. I left strict orders that no private correspondence was to be frowarded. All to be buraed without the seals being broken." " Ah ! that would account for it, then," returned Gladys. *' Well, thank Heaven, we have met at last; and all owing, indirectly, to that good fellow, Claude Meredith, whom I naet yesterday, in Bond street. Ele asked me to run down and go fishing to-day, and as I was sick of my own society. 1 accepted the invitation, little thinking 1 was com ing to find my wife ! With another pas sionate embrace. Sav, darling, is it not so-you will not make me wait long V And Beatrice Cameron, who had not a spice of coquetry in her nature ; liftod her sweet, sli3T eyes to his facc. whereon shone a mixture of admiration, love and worship for the slender figure he held in his arms, and answered. ?'When you will, Denzil, I am read\'." It is needless to say he thanked her in lover's fashion, and, after a short i>ut bliss ful pause, she said, But where is Claude, and why is he gone off in such a hurry T' *' He suddenly recollected some very important business in town ; at least, that was hi* excuse. But my own opinion i? that, like a good fellow, he wanted to leave the coast clear for me to explain matters to you. He gave mc a note for Miss Conway, which he hastily scribbled iu his pocket-book, and then tore the leaf out. Naturally I thought he m< ant you. never dreaming that there could be another Miss Conway in the world, and neither can there be such another one my darling." " Silly fellow !' rejoined Beatrice, the rosy blushes mantling her fair face, and the love-light deepening in her dark gray eyes ; then, as a sudden thought struck her, " but tell me, did you mention my name-say anything about our former meeting V' "I believe I did tell him of our former relations, but "Then he thinks of course, it was Gladys,7' she interrupted, quickly ; my cousin, the gisl you saw just now-and he has gone off in a jealous hull. They are only just engaged, and are as happy a? possible ; indeed, 1 think hie only fault if that he has a very jealous nature, and I've heard him tell Olady's several times he'd never forgive her if he found she had kept a secret from him. S llj*, jealous fellow ! Why, Gladys loves him with all her heart, and I don't b/lieve she could keep a secret for half an hour, poor little darling; no dosibt she is breaking her heart over the matter, somewhere. What is to be done, Denzil T' " Where do you think he's gone. ? I'd better go and explain things to him, and brim; him back I" said Denzil. " I've no idea, but you might go to the station, it isn't far, and he's sure to go up to town bv train ; at least 1 should imagint so. We must not let this be a second edition of our story, Denzil. must we ?" nestling closer to him. " So, indeed, my darling," he said, once more taking her in his arms ; "'your cousin looks but a frail little mortal, although she's so bright. Here she comes, poor child, looking distressed enough 1 you'il comfort her, whilst I ir/ to find the runaway. I won't be gone long, dar ling-'' "Ah, Denzil, how sweet it is to have you again to confide my troubles to !" " Yes, indeed, sweetheart; we have much to be thankful for : but I trust, my pet, you will hav.1 few sorrows and many joys to tell mc of in the future," " Anyhow, dear, we shall bear them to gether, I hope." " Well, I'm off now. AH revoir.'' And lifting his hat to Gladys, who came in sight at that moment,he hastily left the garden on his way to the station. Gladys came quickly towards her cousin ; she was looking pale and agitated, and there were teardrops still glistening on the long eyelashes. She held a note toward Beatrice, looking at her piteously while she read it. "What does it mean, Beatrice?" she said. The note read as follows: " I leave you forever, I should never liave believed your apparently open and child like nature could so have deceived one who trusted you so implicitly. If you had only told me of your love for Denzii de Lisle, I would have done everything in my power to bring you together. As it is, fata has beeu kind and brought biin here. I will not reproach you with a single word. All I say is, may you be happier than you deserve to be. CLAUDE." j " Wh it does it all mean, Trix ? What have I done ? IIow have I deceived him ? What can he mean ?" she moaned. be continued.') 