? - General News. The next issue of the Cairns Post will bi published on Tuesday morning. The Mount Orient Crushing Company start operations on Monday. Parties having stone to crush aro referred to an advertise- ment in this issue. A firm from Bega, N.S.W., is about to start a cheese manufactory nt Carrington. Machinery has been ordered, and a suitable breed of catt'e will be imported. It is satisfactory to note that in spite of the holiday times, charges at thc Police Court for drunkenness and disorderly con- duct have been few and far between. After an absence of some months at the Melbourne Exhibition, Mr. David Mackay, the well-known jeweller, has returned to Cairns with a splendid assortment of novel tics, and has again established himself in tho well-merited reputation of being one of the most skilful watchmakers in the colony. The following have accepted for Neil Jensen's Sheffield handicap, to be run on Kow Year's Day':-F. W. Pyné; J. S. Pyne, E. Pyne. H. J. Hill, A. C. Hill, and John Kelly. Four other acceptinees have been placed in the hands of Mr. A. Macnamara, but in the absence of that gentleman at Geraldton, we are unable ta obtain the names. The annual election and installation of officers for the ensuing session of the M.U.I.O.O.F. took pince on Thursday even- ing, when Bro. J. Anderson was elected N.G.; Bro. J. Whittaker, Y.G.; Bro. F. Muir, E.S.; Bro. W.Eudd, P.G.; Bro. Wallnce. Warden; Bro. leone, LP, ; Bro. Dyer, B.t>. to N.G.; Bro. Smallwood, L.S. to N.G. ; Bro. Zahner, B.S. to V.G.; Bro. Glass, L.S. to V.G. With 1 fine weather the sports at Neil Jensens' hotel, Mulgrave-road, on New Year's Day shonld be a great success. An attractive programme is offered, and the Sheffield handicap has been so well adjusted that an exciting contest should result The drive out is a pleasant one now that the creeks have been bridged, and . the further, attractions of a ball and supper at the dos« of the sports are offered to visitors. The following gentlemen left by the Palmer on Thursday evening to play a two davs' cricket match at Geraldton :-Messrs. H. Palmer, B. Sturt, E. Dove, A. Macna- mara, E. Milford, T. Behan, J. Warren, W. Swallow, J. Walsh, and J. B. Stick. Mr. Arthur Longden was one of the team, but was left behind by an accident. The cricketers will return to /Cairns by the Victory, which' wfll 'leave "Geraldton on Sunday afternoon. Portraits of the brothers Macnamara, the celebrated land salemen of Queensland, appear in the 'Xmas number of the. .Figaro. The artist cannot be congratulated upon the production of striking likenesses, but per- haps in thc case of the genial Jack, that recent attack of sunstroke is responsible for the tremendous alteration in Iiis personal appearance. Archie, for his part, assures his friends that he was just like the picture in his young and happy'days. vantage of the trip to Fitsroy Island. Apart from a little ft offering from mal de mer, the day proved a thoroughly enjoyable one. Mr. Sam M'Keenan was in his - element and laughed at the prostrated onos ; still, it was observed that before reaching the Island thc popular Sam had a sad and far-off look come into his eyes, but probably this was nothing but the pleasant memories bf ' a favourite and valuable horse which had lost its life at Stoney Creek. The ball at Riverstone. on Wednesday evening was a great success, and the large number ot visitors present spoke volumes in favour of Mr. W. S. Alley's popularity as a host. Dancing was kept up until a late hour to the strains of a local band, the 100 guinea piano recently bought by Mr. Alley at the Melbourne Exhibition not being brought into requisition. The drive to- Riverstone, now that thc bridges are finished over the creeks, Ls a delightful one, and eau be accom- plished easily by buggies within three hours. These bridges Mr. Alley was greatly instru- mental in securing, and they undoubtedly represent the best work ever done by the Cairns Divisional Hoard. * ' The attempt during the past few days to get the Mount Orient machinery to the Top Camp has;been unsuccessful, and;although hb'grèatêr load"'than a "couple of tons was tried, three bullocks out of one team gave up the ghost. It now becomes a question of road-making. As will be remembered, the Municipal Council and Divisional Board I promised ¿E150 each, Mr. Arthur iiongden, representing the Mount Orient Co., stating that in all probability tho company would give a similar amount. 'Apparently the local boards have been waiting for this JE150, at all events nothing has been' done. '' tn the meantime the company telegraphs positively from Melbourne offering to give ¿150 pro- vided the other claims subscribe a, similar amount. We understand this fasthst amount will be readily subscribed, V» that JEGOO altogether will be available for making a road to thc Top Camp. Still this " I will if you will" sort of game is not always a desirable one to pl»y. and the sooner an understanding of some sort is arrived at and the road commenced the better. Livery stable-keeping in. North Queens- land is not all beer and skittles and profit as some people may erroneously imagine. Dur- ing the past week. Mr. Arthur Keeble has enjoyed a sad experience, three quadrupeds going the way of all horseflesh itt a pre- mature fashion. Case one waa that of ari animal hired to go to the middle crossing of the Barron Biver. He got there all right, also half way home again when he politely, but firmly, declined to go any further, and laying down, and' without giving any valid reason for such unaccountable conduct, ex- pired. The only explanation the rider could afford was that the horse was disgusted with the slow pace at which he had been ridden, and died from fear of being taken for an animal oat of a hearse. Case two bas moro of the elements of a tragedy than a comedy in its composition. A horse left in a stable by a drunken hirer without food for four days is happily a rare case in a country where -man and horse are necessarily so closely associated. The horse died while its master, for the time being, waa carousing bad luck for tk«. animal nnd worse luck for Arthur Keeble,.as, for obvious reasons, the loss will ' be his. Case number three-a horse put his foot in it through no fault of itä rider.' ? A culvert near Freshwater Creek out of repair, and as a consequence a hoof is nearly torn off and a shoulder wrenched, while the rider had a narrow escape from broken limbs. A claim against the Muni- cipal Council will probably result. 