| Hawaiian Superstitions. A. Verandah Chat. BY BELLE OSBOUENE. What a superstitious lot these Kanakas are!" says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah, the moon light throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen; " if they I have the toothache, and it rains, why, heaven i weeps in sympathy; if the little keiki steals I the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes I the thunder, and heaven is angry." ! 11 They never seem to think," says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, " that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove 1 this would be a pretty damp place to live in !" x I am sitting on the veriandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely the most beautiful tree that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. « N . " Yes," I say, reflectively-bang I falls a mango on the roof-" they are full of a thousand little superstitious tricks and mysteries : don't you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies' houses?" ' '.What's that for2" from the.ham mock. . > " It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and eing, and pray sincerely enough; _ but as sure as anything is the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kah)tnas" ? , " And what might a kahuna be i " Oh, those kahunas!" Joe gives an im patient kick; li they make me tired 1 They | do the awfulest things! . They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the fire and gets burnt. Kahuna comes, eats a piece of roasted black pig-". , ' '. «,It is always a black pig," I interrupt, "and then they go to sleep and pretend to j dream.'' "Who's telling this story?"-a man ! alwavs thinks he can teii-a story better than his wife-"When he finishes his mummery with the,black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot and. applies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know." " The strangest thing to me," I remark, in . a meek snubbed way," is Vae anaana" " I've heard of that," said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving a momentary Rembrandt effect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; " but do you really be lieve it?" . . "Believe it 1. Why, the kahunas have in their power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If thev suspect the priest going to anaana them.'r pray them, to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses, or all the king's men, to say nothing of the white doctors, can save them." .'Well, you know," from Joe, "Doctor Thompson 6ays that he is absolutely power less'to save a man who is being prayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease "is not fatal and they can not die, but they prove their Bide of the argument by giving up the ghost." " I remember when our ship was at Hilo," saicl the navy officer, " we heard of a native Dolitician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket. He paid a kahuna a lot of money to anaana them. The three men defied- him for'a time, and swag gered about, pretending not to care, but they gave right up to the first ailment they had; one died of a cold, another succumbed to the mumps, and the third one simply kicked the bucket because he realised that it was his fatsJ' " They predicted when Like-Like was go ing to die," I chip in. " You never saw her did you 1 She was young, bright, gay, and j the best, looking of the royal family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and spoke English fluently. She seemed to be above superstition, and yet she died when they said she would." " And when was that i" '? " When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so strange had she known of the event, but she died, and it was after her death that the steamer came in from Hawaii with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her last." * " I wonder," says Joe, "if the lava flow ever yet caught Pele's pig?" "I know," says the navy officer, "that Pele is the Goddess of Fire and lives in the volcano. I know that she used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, poi, and even dogs into the boiling lava-but I never knew she owned such an unromantic thing as a pig." "Oh, she dosen't own him," I say "he is the pest of her lifel She hates him. The natives say he lives in the district of Kona, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets hopping mad, and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down the Kona side of the mountain." " Then how do they account for the great flow of 1868 that came so near destroying Hilo ?" " Oh that was sach a.blow to the mission aries I" I saj with a malicious chuckle. " They try so hard to combat'the native sup erstitions. There was a big eruption, and a great flow rolled down the mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and people had to run to get out of the way; but it is like a huge wave of molasses, rolling and curling, and sending out long, snaky tongue9. ,It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but kecp3 'breaking through at the edge, and babbling. It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day's flow would have des troyed the town," Joe laughed. " Lord! how the people were getting out of Hilo I Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. The mis sionaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all the churches. It did seem as though, after all these months, on "a downward slope, nothing on earth could save the town." << Xhey appealed to Princess Ruth," I con tinue, " She was the last descendant of the great Kamehamehas, you know, and the natives believed in her, so when they grew I frightened they sent for her, and the huge princess-" " Dear little thing!" laughs Joe " She only weighed four hundered and eighty pounds!" " " Well, they carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front of the lava, and threw in some sacrifices-" " A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, and a silk dress," said Joe. -"And appealed to the' Goddess Pele, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then she said calmly,to her servants' It will stop.'" " Do you know what she did?" cried Joe, enthusiastically; " she went into a cottage in the very teeth of the flow, and slept. There's faith for you. And it stopped I The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped 1 And there you can see to this day the black hardened lava only a few yards from the outskirts of Hilo." " No wonder they are superstitious," says the navy officer, 41A few such coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, if the missionaries would have called it super stition if the flow had stopped in answer to their prayers?". "Don't you remember when Prince Lun alilo was buried?" says Joe ; ".that was enough to make anybody superstitious." " What was that ?" the navy officer sits up, balancing himself in the hammock so that the moonlight glitters on his blonde head. "Tell us all about it." " Ting-a-ling-ting-a-ling?" .'It's only the telephone,"I say, as I go to the instrument. < ' Lieutenant B. wanted on bcatd the Adams." . " Oh, pshaw!" from the hammockr "That telephone is very, convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes-I say, please ring up one-forty-eight for a carriage, will you? and tell us about Prince Lhnalilo while it's coming." " Weil, I say, curling up comfortably in the corner of the steps, "he was an immense favorite, you know." " Yes, I know-jolly fellow-heard lots of good stories about him." " When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other his place of burial was afterward changed, and when his body was removed the natives asked the crovermnent for another salute of twenty four guns, to which the. answer came that they had already buried him with all the honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm came up, thousands followed his body to its last rest ing-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and . everybody declares that twenty four distinct claps were counted.'* "Oh, take off one clap," BayB the lieuten ant, flippantly, as he looks for his hat. "Well, I declare! is that rain ? After this moonlight, who .would have thought it! Well, good-bye. Ahha nut, as the natives say." * ' " (Jood-bye. So sorry to have you go. Yoa see1 Heaven weeps in sympathy.'" 