AND SWA.N HIIL. G.AZInT. PSULISHED ON TdOtra SDvTIMIDATs. ,ERA.NG, JA Ri7t 3 .1398. SDY TO LATE-- h fret instalnirit Soffihe new and hg' interrstingtale- "A Day too Lale,'"- j be ccmmenced in S FnZds...ia ..o o .f : -, Int-eding subscribera iil ple?dl I c their nimei to our. agents, or sernd to' the office, Kerang. - . 'NEW Y.\As' Ev,. ahe year 1889 was ushered in on Sat'i;r iv ccening last with - the festivities / u?,Mil on "uch occasions. About -1 p.m. -the Kcrang Brass Band tuado its ,ppeearance on. ilie balcony of Alger's Hot ). 7d, disconrscd severallivelyairs of ws in:plenlidstyle After partaking of = fricndlly glasi the band, followed .by a lzrgo -conco.rso of people, paraded thio stre&ots;, ca!ling at thi different hotels, wtlere 4hey wore vwell re- i ceived. At 12 o'clclkr es.eral gne were i fired, and tihe fire bell, which was only I placed in position lsit ;week, pealed out i several tolls.: The proeeIco .in contin'ndl until about 2 a.m. o SuiDi;ay, when the E crowd dispersedl. Taken nil through their c behavionr was most orderli,, and it speaks I well to say that not a single arrest was a mnad. A watch night servncea was held in tire Baptist church by 3lr. F. Wilikin, senr., and was well attenlodl. KEAhNG TuItF CLUmI-At~ umeeting of the stowards held on Thansda last, the tender of Mr. A. D. Bell, for the sum of £100%,was accepted fur ehclo indthe sadd- a ling paddock and grandstadar with a 6ft. 3 galvanised iron fence, with 'asitable gates, tl and erection of i fligiht of striirs with land- Ir ing. to take the place of those now in use- n leading from the rearof the g'Lnndstand. Tne CArnnuIt OF VrlAT.- hc' ailway al Commissioners have promiho.'ito receive n0 a deputation of firmera on.?' 17th iust. to consider the.question of :a furtlher re- ti duction in tlie catriash of -wheat. e THET Kr.EAs AVD S wAM HILL LINE. In reference to'the line of railway from a Kerang:t6, Swan Hill;,fr. J: H;. M.Coll, a! MI.P.1 has re?ceived the.following communi- t cation from the Premier's office dated. 1 28th December, in reply to enquiries made by that gentleman:-" Sir,-With roee- 1 reoce to your note of the 7th inst., on E the subject of the Swan Hill and Keorang line, Mr. Gillies learns that the, Railway Commissioners expect to call tenders for 1 the line early next year.-Yours etc., E. J. THOMAs, Secretary to the Premier." RecEIVED.-The last issue of Punch is to hand, and is full of wit and lhumour, and up to its usual standard of excellence. We are also in receipt of No. 2 of Cole's Famnily Adviser, a handy business guide to Melbourne. It contains a quantity of useful reading matter, pictures of Mel bourne in 1840, death of Burke, and other illustrations. The January number of the Australian Journal is also to hand, in which the stirring. tale, "His Natural Life," by the late Marcus Clarke, is con tinued. ' This publication is in every way equal to previous issues, and contains several Christmas and ghost stories suit able for the present season. THE WEATr?E.--On Friday evening last a heavy thunderstorm passed over the , town, durin which two or three heavy showers ofiain fell, 65 points being re gistered a the TIMes office. This, with 618points(for the previous week,.mnakes a t 1 of.,I.8in. for the fortnight. Yes ay. e w vea was- ye warm, the .' 17,Oi f by £84,<4. sngar ann'l , 545, and pro served fruits by a.? , 14.- On the same drate another revenue return was issued. It is a comparative statement of the net revenue received into the Treasury duiing. the sit months ending 31st December, 1886 and 1837, respectively. -.This shows that theo.net increase on the list six nionths, \- as compared with the chOrrespondin six moriths of 1886, ?mnounts. to £320;566, or .withiii £73,802 of the net .inerease for the \- hoeo of ;1887;:' Thlio totil a: tioitnt- of 'retenues received for theYfist si.t ,montlis of the financial year is £38;559o341, or iore than ýhalf .by £105;988 of Mr. Gilli?d's estimate for 1887-8.:: Pnoir6sED? Visrr o'r LonD WosELrtn The .idoeaof iiiviiig -'lord 'YVolsdley: to: visit "Aistralia;for the purpose of inspect iiig the smilitary forces of the`colonies; and Adv ising thd Colonial Goiiieinments -as ,to Sthe hest' meilhods 6f pDirfectin"g-their do fences, the transport and- mobilisation of. troops at given plpces 'to'repel hostile at tacks, and other kindred niatters, is likielf to takoe definite shape :before' lon. .-'Th SProinier has communicated' with ihi Pro nllers of the other colonids iaskingswhetlhe their rospective Goreronments wvill joih inm to representations to thd Isp't! rial aut horities il with a view to secure the sobrvices of:Lord y WVolseley, or somse other militiryiultliority i in the British army. .:.Should thle replies be favounable, it is probable'that His Ex \- cellency the Governor will ae reqiuested to embody. the wishes-of the coldnies in a communication to. theiSecreitary of :State. It is believed th'atif the aspect of affairs in Europe and the .East.is" pacific at the time,-thleIn perial Gorertn inent will coni ply witli, tie, requ est., Tho Minister- of Defence (Si?SJames:Lorimer) wvas' ableto assurohiis colleag`ues on his iretiuir from th. Imperial Conferenice thatiLord Wol seley was- willing to .accept- the- engagj - ment if the co6isent of the Imperial audio t rities were obtained. R. rII AYE?XTEN'StoN. -In referoncd to Sthe sttemohent that theliGovernmnesfit- iited.: to introduce a bill to provide for tihe con-. Sstruction of-from 800 to 1,000iiles 6ifnew railways ihi various parts? of. the colony, chiefly in Gippsland. Mr. Gilliea says that the dtateument is incorrect. The Go= I verntuent has no intention of introducinig a new railway bill during the present Par liament. It will take more than throee i years to finish thelinesalready anthorised, - and it is a well known fact. that the I money remaining from tlhe last loan will by no means sufilce to construct the rail ways scheduled in the last Railway Con;' i sanction Act. Altogether about 1.200 1 miles of new lines were sanctioned in that C measure, and only about one-sixth of the a length has been construced anl opened tl for traffic. About 200 miles of railway is now nnder construction, the plans andl specifications for another 200 miles are inu course of completion preparatorytotendlers being invited, and fully. 600 miles of the authorised now linies have yet to he dealt with. Ministers 'therefore regard it as absurd to float about rumors that another Railway Construction Bill is being framed sl for submission to Parliament next ses- to sled. ". KERAso CArrtE SALE.s.-Meosre. C. 'eo sI and Son,Taverner and Busncombe, and L. a Malpherson and Co., have agreed to hold di their cattlo sales as usual, viz 2nd and' B -last Friday in each month till further ec notice. - T1 Boony StoCK StLES.-Messrs. Mason ' and Scott will hold their" next cattle sale on Friday, 20th January, not -the 13th or prox..as advertised in last issue. After tai the 20th inst. the s:les nill Ie -condicted ca every fortnight as usual. "ci -?PERIAL BERVICE OFFICEr.S.-It is genierally unilerstood that the three officers - of the Imperial service now on the staff i. this colony.who are to remain in the co. lonies for an extended term of service, should the solicitation of tlt Minister of g Defence be favorably received in London, t< are Lieuntenant-Colonel Brownrigg (who , will assume the post of military command ant in succession to Colonel Disney), Lieu tenant-ColonetWalker, and Major Rhodes, who went to lngland some time back to a be mairied, and is expected to return to e Melbourne in February next. e LIEUTENANT OF THE NAVAL FORCES. A cable message from London announces that Mr. Herbert L. Heaoth, of U.M.S. Vernon, has - been selected for the post of lieutenant in the Victoriah naval forces.. t A similar telegram was ..received on Fri day by the Premier for the information of I the Minister of Detence and' the naval commandant. 'he - appointment of ai I naval lientenant was decided upon prior to Sthe departure of the Minister of Defence r for Europe, and while Sir James Lorimer i was in London he took the opportunity of applying to the Admiralty'for permission toselect an officer in the Imperial navy to fill the post. TIIE IOBBERY OF CANCELLED BANK SNoTEs.-The .work of counting the ~1 notes in stock at the Bank of Australasia, i to ascertain how many had been stole a was comlpleted on Friday, and it w \- found that there were £12 missin.. -T e robberyh 4ly SaE gp i4. bakerand pastrycook, ote\vi!i;ngtonzsect, o-. intimatea in another column that. lho-s no now preparedto execute orders for-wed Al. ding and christeniiig- cake. ..Q~rler for ict brea ! fromt the conntry; will be forwarded a-. by coach or rail to any part of the -dis cr, trict. vs. DENTIrTRY.--- Mr. .II. 11; ll, Pall Mall, i, Sanldhurst,. will.visit Inglewood profes ix sionally on Wednesday next, 4th January, or at Mr. Phillips, chemist. We are also re lo qdested to state that MIr. Hall has made of arrangements to visit nglewood in future lis on the first Wednesday in each month. I's Ovnt A Drw. nisINoCoLrt.r s there appetrs a .striking and importantannouncement from Messrs Manining and Co., Drapers etc., View Point Sandhurst. They have started a Dissolu tion Sale rendered necessary to eriable Mr t -igins, (Mr Manning's partner), to retire id shortly. The sales of this firn always make to a big stir in Sandhurst, which shows that the e- prices at which goods are offered to the ,f public are appreciated.-(Advt.) . t . We know Dr. Soule's Hlop Bitters are above land .beyond all as a nutritious tonic and to curative. Genuine it made by American Co. y- Read thoroughly the.-(Advt.) "-Nf4ORWE??t ScesERI.is-frequently pot into in comlparison. with both Switzerland and Ame s rcn, for the grandcur of- its mountain views, a hile it is doubtful if knything to equal its coast, deeply indented by fjords, can be found elsewhere. The land of the midnight sun offers grenter novelty and mora attractions to tourists!n search of health and enjoyment at a moderate cost than any of the fashionable Scontinental resorts. The wonderfil esperience -of a never-setting sun randers a trip to Nor s way one never to be forgotten. The Lofoten is Islands are greatly famed for their coast \- scenery, and are. well-knowsn as thle scat of if the great Norwegian Coil Fisheries employing o annually thousands' bf men. The greatest SNorwegian factory is hcre situatel, that of SJensen's Cod.Livei Oil, the nourishing pro perties and purity of'which have lroaght it into such favour with .n*lical imen and all who tIake it* Any Clieuiist now sells Jenscn's Cod Liver Oil in bottles, at 1/, 2/ and 3/6, with the trade -zark, an " Iceberg," on the wrahipper of every hbttle, if genuine. .Whole-. .- sale Agenta-lmOC?, TosrsoTr :nd-Co.,"licl.: Sbdrro.--(Advt.) TIsE HAPPNrESs o ' o tirt.iosxs.-Oa what loes the happiness of populations or indivi. duals depend? On.tiLat inestimnable blesing -Health. Ought it not then be tlie study of every colonist to ase- rtain for hipself th. ' best means by which this priceless boon once attained, can be for ever preserved ? *The answer must bl in the aflirmative. A large number of colonists in V\ictoria are aware that there is a imeicinie which not only wards off discass, but rapilly cures all manla dies that occur there, and: actually prolong a 1 life. This invaluable medicine is F'reeman's Original and Genuine Chlorelynin,hich cures a and arrests, in their very earliest stages, all the diseases that happen, not only in Vic toria, but in all the Anstralian colonies. Insist upon having " Freeman's" only. 1 Trade mark, an Elephant. Wholesale Aent s for Victoria, R6OKE, 'TTOtSI?sr and Co., and obtainble from all chemists.-(Adlvt.) i IlorLLowx's OiNTIr STASO PLr.-Notable Facts.-Intense heat augmeents .the annoy. ' ances of skin distase andl encouragws the Ile velopment of febrne disorlers ;therefore they J shouldl, as they can be, removed by these de- e' tergent and purifying preparations. . In sto-. 0 mach complaints, liver affeetions, nains ad, e: spasms of the bowels, IIolloway's Ointment ti well rubbed over the affected part imme- c' diately gives the greatest ease, prevents con- C gestioi and inflammation, cheeks the threat- ir eieing diarrlioa, and averts incipient cholera. b' The poorer inhabitants of large cities will w find these remedies to be their .best friend "' when any pestilence- r.ges, or when from cI unknown causes eruptions, hoils, absess , it or ulcerations point out the presence of taints or impurities within the system, and ihl call for instasnt and, eilcctivs eurative inomi. II cines.- (Advt.). . 