NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Yesterday Parliament was called together to transact the busin.ss that Bhould have been- put before it about. 18 or 20 months ago. The first object for which it was elected was to restore the regular order of constitutional procedure which had been put under foot by the traitorous and prematurely burstcd-up Assembly which the' present House nearly two years ago was called upon to replace. Since that time it has occupied itself in 'a variety of strango political freaks, and only now is the main purpose of its existence dimly brought to mind. "Better late than never," said the sententious voice of Mr. Jacob Garrard byway of apology for this during the course of last night's debntc. If faint praise is damnation, what does this trite apothegm amount to, coming from such an ardent Government supporter as the member for Balmain i It is the old, old story, however. When the devil is dying the devil will be a saint, and when the Ministry sights the valley of the shadow of dissolution it " gets " constitutionalism. ' The changes in the state of parties wrought during the recess have not been many and arc of . little importance. Mem bers took their seats pretty much as before, and the Government majority, ' notwithstanding all we- have heard, looked as massive and as solid as ever. Two .seats were occupied by new members', but without in any way affecting the previous position. Strango to say, the Government seat belonging to the late Mr. Earnell which fell vacant during tho recess , was captured by a flaming pro tectionist, while that , of Mr. Goodwin, the erstwhile Oppositionist, was secured by a red-hot hissing freetrader. Over on the Opposition benches It wbb at once apparent that the all-important question of finding a leader had not been solved. Mr. J. V, Abbott kept shyly away , in the outskirts, watching developments, while on the main bench, where Mr. Dibbs, Mr. Lyne, Mr. Garvan, Mr. Melville,1 Mr. O'Sullivan and the other chiefs congregate, "devil take the hindmost" is still the watchword,. Mr. Mel ville bad on bis demurest behavior, and will probably wear it until the election for the Chairmnnsldp of Committees is over. A close and exciting contest is anticipated between him and Mr,. Cameron for the billet. : The Government will Bupporb tbe old candidate, but a large numbor of their followers as well as some old retainer of Mr. Cameron from the other side will this time transfer their allegiance to Ids /rival. . This .can be plainly seen from the ' fact . that Mr. Henry Clarke nominates Mr. -Melville and Mr. Fraser 5Iartiu is his seconder. There being no Opposition leader, the Address-in-rcply ;was allowed to go without amendment. The night's debate therefore was iiecessarily of a go-as-you-please character, Mr. Buchanan loading off with an attack upon the Speaker. As a matter of privilege he rose at the very outset to take exception to a statement alleged to liavo been made by Mr. Young iu tho bosom of Ids constituency to tho effect tiint some members of l'nrliamcnt are no credit to the peoplo they represent. Terhnps for etiquette's sake a Speaker ought to be more economical with tho truth in regard to these matters, hut we utterly fail to see where any question of Parliamentary privilege is in volved. Rightly, therefore, Sir. Buchanan was ruled down, and obliged to embody his complaint in an ordinary resolution of which notice was thereupon given. 31r. Turner, tho new member for Guntie- dah, moved the Address-in-rcply. Some what dapper in appearance, very straight up the back, and generally precise in step «'»> H»4,4L' illLtlSC UUUlblUIl LU U1U UUllCllt- tivo wisdom. As an orator, however, ho is simply ghastly. No other won! in the lan guage will serve to convey the faintest idea of ids present condition of elocuLionnry development. After the debate liad got in full swing Mr. Dibbs and Mr. Iyne decided to interrupt it by bringing in and introducing Mr. Peter Howe there being more dramatic effect in launching liim tins way than iu letting him take the oath at the commencement of the proceedings. We were a bit curious to sec this now member, as lie is Peter, and upon this rook tho protcctiouists have built, their church. After his return for Redfern it was said that the Government would "get no rest " until they gave up the ghost. A per spective view of 51 r. Howe shows a man of very good presence, and if you did not know he was a legislator you might probably mis take 1dm for a tragedian in luck. Unlike ' Mr. Turner, lie was not called upon to show ills oratorical points, so that whether these two new members will balance each other as fairly iu debate as they will in division we have no means of judging. When it devolved upon somebody to speak for the Opposition upon the address, the man for tho emergency proved to be Mr. O'Sullivan. What lie disliked in tbe Go- vortimonf. Tvrnrrrn m vn n wno f.Kuf. ?fr. Virtrl ciipL an obviously good bIiow of boing carried out. It was not comprehensive enough, he com plained. An Opposition can always get up a grievance in this way. If the Government programme is a full one it is " padded,!' if it is a meagre one, it is weak and incomplete. After Mr. O'Sullivan had, as acting-Opposi tion leader, dealt with the broad constitu tional aspect of the question, the night was given up to ventilating the accumulated grie vances of the recess. These consisted mainly of the action of the Government in regard to the Northumberland strike, the Holt case, the payment of the rabbit subsidy, aud the literary efforts of the Minister for Educa tion. Altogether the . Opposition made a feeble, disjointed and chaotic show, and if last night is a criterion their tactics for the session are to be as tulky and ineffective as heretofore. In dealing with the peculiar display of Ministerial double-dodging that wo have- lately been treated to iu the ease of the prisoner Holt, 51 r. Buchanan evoked a plain condemnation of Mr. Clarke's conduct from tho Premier. He was denouncing the sug gestion of the Minister that Holt's friends should got up a petition of Opposition members — in other words, that they should "nobble" the Opposition, the Government followers being regarded as permanently " nobbled." Why should the Minister re quire any petition i said Mr. Buchanan. ,Why not do tho right thing and chance tho consequences i " Hear, hear" several times shouted the Premier, talking direotly and significantly at his silent colleague. WIigh Messrs. Walker. Bn. clinnan, Creer and others of that ilk had got successfully rid of all the bottled- up oratorical froth that had be en fermenting within them during the recess, it was thought that the debate would conclude and a division be taken. And so it would had not Mr. J. P. Abbott then come forward and started to deal with the address as if the Opposition case hud not yet been slated. This brought out Mr. Garvan, just as it ap peared, to show that the serious leadership of the Opposition was not going to be let go to Mr. Abbott by de fault, Then Mr. Melville, chairmanship or no chairmanship, had to rise up and denounce the powers that be for "sending the military to Newcastle to protect black legs." All this time tho only speakers from the Government side were Sir. Burns, who briefly defended the plan of devoting the session to finance, and 5Ir. Frank Farncll, who thought it his stem duty to rise and break as gently as he could to the country the dismal news that, after the present Par liament ia dissolved, it may or may not lose his services for ever. Mr. Ohantcr in dulged in a dreary soliloquy on the land question and Mr, Ryrie vented a mild lament over the wrongs of the Braidwood miners, after which the address was carried without division. When Mr. Burns makes his financial statement, however, the Oppo sition say that we shall see what we shall see. 