A HOLIDAY TRIP TO THB SOUTH- EAST. [BY WANDEBEB.] Telegram from Mount Gambier to Adelaide:— "Come down here soon aa possible. Splendid fishing, and hundreds of kangaroo." This telegram I received on Saturday, December 24. My head waa ashing, my appetite bad left me altogether, and I really felt ready for a change of air. But I had numerous duties to attend to, and I waa obliged reluctantly to reply :— " Kegret cannot possibly get away just now. May join you later. A merry Christmas." Two hours after this telegram had been dispatched X received another, as follows :—" Have arranged three days' trip to Carpenter's Rocks. Splendid fun. After that three days at 'Punt.' Glorious fishing. Come at once." My headache seemed worse, and my lunch was once more left nntasted. I felt that I ought to get away, and the charming companionship of my friend Dr. Abeinethy was a still stronger inducement than his glowing and tempting predictions of good sport, so I replied: —" Shall come on Monday and meet you at Thurston's Hotel, Mount Gambier." I felt better the moment that wire was sent. My headache became less violent; my dinner that evening was not left untouched. I just managed a wing of boiled chicken, washed down by a glass of lager beer. My efforts to relegate my various duties to others were crowned with success, and in short everything went so well that by the evening I was quite prepared to start next morning had there been a train. Thump, thump, thump. What in the world is that ? Thump, thump, thump. " Who's there ? What's the matter ?" "Are you not up yet? It's ten past 6." It was my friend and neighbour, Mr. Macfarlane, who was going by the same early train, which I should certainly have missed had he not called to see if I was ready, " Hurry up, Joe; bring my portmanteau in with those fishing-lines ; no .time ,to repair them now. Bring my guns ; never mind the rust on the stocks. I will clean them on the way. Hurry up the trap. In with the baggage. Jump up, H. Off we go. Eo, I've forgot my waterproof; run back for it, Jee. That's right now. Make the mare travel or we shall miaB the train. Here we are. Fling the luggage in the van while I get my ticket, and also my breath." Esi [i the Railway Department; why n t they make better arrangements for issuing tickets at holiday times ?—a whole crowd of people fighting to get near two small pigeon-holes from which tickets are being slowly doled out—now I've got it (only that the clerk has given me a secondclass instead of a first-class ticket), in we get. Shriek goes the whistle, and we are off." " Good morning, Wanderer," chorus several voices at once. I look round the ! compartment and find myself in the best of company. There is Mr. Wodner, M.P., a legal luminary whose profound knowledge of law is equalled by his ready acquaintance with the mysteries of high Freemasonry. There is Mr. Wiseman, M.P., whose converaa- . tlon later on caused me to hold in high " respect one who can talk so readily on 1 innumerable subjects, ranging from' the [ best method of treating silver ore to the j latest improvements in electric apparatus, j There is Mr. Cornwall, well known in j commercial circles as a shrewd and honourable business man, and who is also j a worthy Mason of high rank, and these added to my before mentioned friend, Mr. journey Macfarlane, in a M.P., slow ought train to seem make quite our long the t reverse of tedious. And so it proved. We begin quietly and soberly discusBing commonplace matters, travel through the hills but as we ' the fresh | morning air has an exhilarating effect * upon our spirits, and the conversation becomes animated and vivacious. Wodner told stories in his best style. Wiseman and the rest followed suit, and the stock of yarns was not exhausted when Murray Bridge was reached. There we had a good breakfast, and off again through the Desert, which reminded some of us of stories of being lost in the bush, and once more the yarns went round with that freedom which attends spirits on pleasure bent. Border Town was reached just as our appetites returned, and lunch was partaken of—a lunch which was in striking contrast to the excellent fare we had had j at Murray Bridge. I Our friend Macfarlane here did me good service. I had asked the railway porter if I must change my luggage from one train to another. His reply was that I might either do BO here or at Wolseley, the next station, I elected to leave it until reaching WolBeley, and so went with three of my fellow travellers to lunch. On our return to the Btation I found that the train in which I had left my luggage had gone on. I followed in the narrow-gauge train, and on arrival at Wolseley was calmly informed that the train containing my luggage had gone on to Serviceton. Fortunately Mr. Macfarlane had travelled on by the first train, and had taken my luggage out at Wolseley, else I should have been put to considerable inconvenience by relying upon the information given by the railway officials at Border Town. At Narracoorte we found an apology | for a refreshmei^-bar, where we obtained a cup of weak tea. Cornwall, who was clever at jokes, said the tea was BO weak that it was hardly able to come out of the pot, while Wiseman suggested that perhaps the weakness was caused by the hot weather. Unfortunately for Wiseman's joke, the weather was not hot, BO the cause of that tea's weakness still remains a mystery. Soon after passing Narracoorte Mr. Macfarlane left us. Some one now proposed a quiet rubber at whist to help us to while away the time. We were all modeBt at first, and protested very faintly. But, Btrange to Bay, each member of the party produced at the same moment a—pack of cards ! Curious coincidence! We reached Mount Gam- j bier a few minutes later; at least it , only seemed a few minutes ere we found j ourselves at our journey's end. Here a deputation from the Mount Gambier Lodge of Freemasons met my three companions, who, I learned, were coming to assist at the formal installation of the new officers of the Lodge next evening. A warm invitation to attend the ceremony was given to me, and I made a conditional promise to do so. A rush down to Thurston's ensued, for we feared tha we might not obtain rooms; but, thanks to the speed at which our cab travelled, we arrived in time. Next morning, by the courtesy of the officers of the Masonic Lodge, we were taken to see the sights of Mount Gambier. The three wcnderful lakes were Inspected and admired, and many speculations as to their origin ventured upon, but there could only be one opinion as to their beauty. The Hospital, with Its charming site, excellent architectural design, and beautiful and well-kept grounds,' was duly admired, and the hospitality of its 1 medical superintendent enjoyed. The weather was hot at noon, BO we took ' lunch and kept indoors the rest of the afternoon. I In the evening we were preparing for I the Masonic ceremony which was to take place in the Town Hall, when in burst my friend, Dr. Abernethy, from a shooting trip. He had with him a baby kangaroo, taken from the dead mother, and the little pet gave him much concern. There was not a hair on its body, but it had lived two daya since its parent's death, and the doctor had faint hopes of rearing it. But, alas ! it died the next day, and was—preserved in spirits. Went to the Masonic ceremony, which waB performed with much solemnity by the three Grand Lodge deputies. After that followed ft banquet at an adjacent hotel, where excellent speeches were made by Brother Wodner, who gave an interesting review of the history of Masonry la South Australia; by Brother Wiseman, who gave some well-timed advice to the assembled brethren; and by Brother Cornwall, who strivedto instil the spirit of emulation into his hearera. It was after 10 o'clock when the banquet ended—In fact I believe It was even after 12 o'clock. And I am cot sure that the matter ended there, for in my bedroom during the Wee sma' hours ay ont the twal I fancied I heard unmistakable sounds of merriment, intermixed occasionally by such shouts as " I pass," " I go three," "Igo nap." What it meant I cannot guess, unless it be that the higher degrees of Mawmry were being worked. Next morning it had been arranged that we were all to start for the " Punt," a place on the Glenelg River, in Victorian territory, at which there were a ferry and an hotel. The morning was very hot, and I really pitied the four horses toiling a distance of 2G niles with the little breeze blowing with them. Flies innumerable, of course, but these were not nearly so great an infliction as the bad jokes made on the way. Some one wanted to know how many sheep would be left if out of» flock of twenty sick sheep two were to die. Then we met a man on the road, and one of our party asked him to take a draught from the whisky-fiask. "Man, that's good stuff," he exclaimed; "I wish my throat were a mile long, so that I could taste it all the way down." Arrived at the Punt about noon. Pulled up river in hot sun. Toiled Bome hours and caught nothing; were told there was no end of fish there, however; something wrong with our bait evidently. At 7 p.m. an affecting sight. Dr. Abernethy and I had arranged to stay some days here, but others left for Mount Gambier. Parting most trying—tears, handkerchiefs, &c.; Below the Punt there is a large lagoon. Doctor and I took our guns and lines and went there. Found numerous black swans, and shot four with gun and rifle, but could not get them—too much mud to wade through. Tried fishing by moonlight; no result. ! .Next morning rose at 4; pulled down ' the river some distance, landed, and ; walked round lagoon ia quest of ducks aud swaus ; saw nothing but three black crows. Sun very hot for walking, so went back to breakfast very tired and , somewhat uncertain about the quantity of sport we should find hers. After breakfast fished in river just about Punt; caught six fine bream and hooked a large fish which we could not land. Prospects of sport brighter. After dinner went back to same spot, but could not get a bite for some time. At last hooked a fine big fish, but could not get him out of water; played with him a long time. Man came along bank of ; river and watched our exciting sport, " Guess you've got a big fish there," he said; "let out more line; now steady ' him." How he pulls. Perhaps it's au eel. After much excitement it dawned upon us that we had caught — a snag, and so it proved. Spectator suddenly disappeared. Abernethy said something strong. I rolled up line. Tea at hotel; fish badly cooked. Afterwards went to lagoon in quest of gune, but no success. Beautiful moonlight night, and rowing about on the caltn river was the perfection of enjoyment. Back to hotel with regret; though very tired cleaned guns, drank the health of Mr. Brown, also to the memory of the lateDuke of Wellington. | Next morning passed quietly. Tried a little fishing, but only caught three small mullet. Went down, to mouth of river. [ Beautiful sight to watch the waves of the • sea breaking upon the sandbanks for miles in every direction. Glorious breeze, too. Went some miles along the creek, which empties itself near mouth of Glenelg River. Heard that there were wild duoka in the creek. Our usual luck—saw nothing. Sat down and looked at each other. What a day we were having. Hurried back to hotel to prepare for awanstalking on the lagoon by moonlight. Fish for tea; badly cooked. Went to lagoon. Waited for moon to rise. Waited in vain. Moon hidden by douds— oar usual lock again. Went back to hotel satisfied that the Punt aa a place for eport was a failure. Proposed going out early in morning to fish; Abernethy would not hear of it. Morning very hot—north wind. Walked round township; inspected racecourse and cricket ovaL. After breakfast started for Mount Gambier. On w&y; called* t Templeton'e Halfway House. Found Mrs. Templeton very chatty. Told us some thrilling incidents of her twenty years' sojourn in this lonely spot. Gave UB some sugar-beer, qualities of which we duly recognised. Reached Mount Gambier in time for lunch. First decent meal for some days. Afternoon found the town very busy ; streets quite crowded. Made sundry calls to exchange New Year greetings. Arrange to start next morning for Mr. Ehret's camp at the Carpenter's Rocks. Our party increased to six In all. Started at 6 a.m., Mr. EhreL kindly undertaking to drive us to the place. Most of the way lay through the scrub, where there are no roads. I never saw such splendid driving in my life before. The manner in which our team was kept clear of the roots, large stones, and other obstructions which might have upset our trap, the horses going at a good speed too, was a source of wonder to me. The scenery along the route was most interesting, and in short, between the admiration for our driver's skill, the novelty of drivirg for the first time through the bush, the ever-changing scenery, and the Ugh spirits in which our party was thrown by the fresh morning breeze, I could not help exclaiming that it was the most delightful drive I had ever enjoyed. The camp was reached about 11 o'clock. We had taken an aZ fresco breakfast under the shade of a friendly tree on the way,- so while lunch was being prepared we Btrolled round the place to view our situation and to get an appetite. Mr. Ehret has shown good taste in the choice of his site for a camp. It is on the seashore, at a place where the land projects into the eea, coming to a sharp point. On each aide of this point there iB a large bay with good sandy beach, making splendid bathing- places, while a little out seawards the sand gives place to low rocks, which serve as natural breakwaters. Among these rocks fish of all kinds disport themselves. Numerous ahurlra make it dangerous for bathers to go beyond shallow water, nor are they always safe from attack even close to the shore. Lunch over, our indefatigable host pro* posed a drive into the scrub In quest of kangaroos. Saw several, but could not get within shooting distance. I had here my first experience of being "bushed.* I left the wagon after a kangaroo which went on for a few yards and then stopped, then on again for a little in a most alluring fashion, and another stop, but always beyona range of my gun (I had not brought my rifle). This interesting procession went on until I suppose the kangaroo thought he had had enough fun out of me for one day, so he disappeared altogether. I then turned to go back to my companions. After wandering for some time among the tall scrub I began to realize the fact tbat I was lost. I cooeyed, bnt got no reply. Climbed a tree, but could see nothing because of the dense timber, and at last began to fire my gun every few minutes to give my companions a clue as to my whereabouts. All was of no avail, for no answering sound came, and I had jost begun to feel anxious when I fancied I heard the crack of a gun at some distance in the opposite direction to that in which I was going. I retraced my steps, continued firing my gun,, and at last had the joy of hearing the irsgen crackling its wa; through tbg undergrowth, and soon joined my com- Tadea, The party had not beard my shots, and bo their coming in my direction was quite accidental. The sensation of being lost in the buBh is one that can only be understood after it has been experienced. We were nose about 7 miles from the camp, which we reached just before dark. Up early next morning—by sunrise. Party divided, one half going to catch crayfish and netting other fish. Dr. A. and myself went for kangaroo in the scrub. Again cur usual luck ; result, Dr. A. wounded one, but it got into the scrub «md could not be found. Sun very hot. On returning to camp found our companions had been more successful in their fishing. Four doeen crayfish, some of them weighing 7 lb., and a nice basket of mullet were the results of their labours. Capital breakfast, mallet aud crayfish alike perfect. After the meal was over had some fun in the bay spearing fish. Started for a rocky promontory on the eeacoast about 2 miles distant, where some curious rock formations are to be seen.. Another glorious drive it proved io be, Ehret sending the team along in fine Btyle. Drove to top of a high hill by a path which took away our breath ; wagon on two wheels moat of the time. Said it was good for our livers. Didn't believe it. Lunch on top of this hill. Sun hot, but exhilarating breeze blowing from tho sea. Examined the rocks on seaehore. A wild spot. No chance for any vessel that once got driven in here. Place called Blackfellow's Hole, said to be full of fish. Though close to shore it is very deep. Some of our party elected to try fishing here. Three of us drove on to Lake Bonney to get a few black swan, wild duck, and teal. Wagon on top of aforementioned hill. Mr. Ehret asked if Dr. A. and I would walk down the hilL Did not like to show white feather, so elected to ride down. Tied two hind wheels, then made a dash; held our breaths j •down we go j she's tilting over; now for a smash; make ready to jump; now she rights ; down at last ] close shave; only Ihret'a skill and nerve saved us. Sha'n'ttry it again. Called at Cape Banks Lighthouse; wished keepers a happy new year. Arrived at Lake about 3 p.m. Lots of fowl, large boat, strong wind, could not travel fast enough, so only shot seven swans and a few ducks. Returned back very wet and cold. Picked up our companions at rocks. They had been unsuccessful ; didn't believe Blackfellow's Hole was full of fish. Fancy they had seen a ghost; would not admit it though. Arrived at camp at dusk quite ready for tea. After that meal too tired to go ont. -Quiet rubber at whist, clean gans, bed. Tuesday two of onr party ill— rheumatics. Were to return to Mount Gambier in the afternoon; final dip in the sea, then out crayfishing until Innch lime.. Packing up, horses in ; all ready ? •Off we go ; one look back at the place we leave with much regret after an all too brief stay. That glorious drive homeward I shall never forget. How aaxicua our host (Ehret) was that I should kill my first kangaroo. I had been unlucky hitherto, and I believe the good old soul felt the disappointment as much as I did. How eagerly he watched the scrub as we -drove through in the hope of giving me a last chance. And .when the chance came and I missed my mark, how the good nature of my friend still displayed itself, and he swore at the gun, at the ammunition, at everything . in fact except the marksman. Dear old Ehret, I would that the world held more such unselfish and generous dispositions as thine. Back to Mount Gambier, where in Thurston's amokiog-r^om we related oar exploits to many assembled friends—exploits that lost nothing in the relation. Up betimes next morning to catch the train at an unnecessary early hour, back through rocky country and desert scrub until Adelaide is reached,, and our holiday trip ended. Great the pleasure that trip afforded us, and long will it live in our recollections. And if any one wishes to escape the heat of Adelaide, get among pleasant scenery, and is not over-anxious about getting sport, he cannot do better than follow in our tracks, only that he should shorten his stay at tbe "Pont," and lengthen it at Ehret's Camp. 