j The Great, Mystery of Godliness. I T . '. \ ' ' A CHRISTMAS SERMON. ' - I ' BY C. H. SpüRflEON.' " "And without controversy great is the mystery of god liness : God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit,' seen of angels, preached unto tho Gentiles, helievod on in the world, received up into glory."-1 Timothy iii., 16. Every heathen religion had its mystery, its secret doc trine revealed only to tho initiated, which was held to ho the ossence of tho faith. The mystery of somo religions was mero froth-, foolish if untrue, and if truo of no consequence to anyone. But ovon thoso who do not holiove tho facts of our religion can hold no controversy with us about tho unspeakable greatnoss of thqm, if they bo true. Christianity docs not dool in trifles. Liko tho eagle, it docs not hawk for flies, it aspires to con '(ruortho loftiest themes of thought. If it bo received by us, wo aro put in trust with a prioolesa deposit with which wo dare not bo otherwise than faithful. Thoro is no room for indifference whore the gospol is concorncd-it is either tho most astounding of impostures, or tho most amazing of revelations. It is too weighty, too solemn to bo snuffed at as a matter of no concern. Foes and friends aliko confoss that the mystory of godliness is no rippling rill of dogma, buta broad ocoan of thought ; no molohill of disoovory, but an Alp of revelation : no singlo beam of light, but a sun shining at its strength. ' ' I shall this morning take up tho apostle's summary of our religion, and gi voa fow notes upon it. I, First lot us carofully look at . THE SUMMARY OF TRUE RELIGION handed by tho apostle to his son in tho faith. 1\. Tho first article in tlds moat authontio apostle's oreed declares " God was manifoat in tho floali." If you will caro fully consider it, thin in ono of tho most extraordinary doc trines that was over declared iu human hearing. Were it not well attested, it would be absolutely incredible that tho infinito God who Alioth all things, who was and ÍB, and ia to como, tho Almighty, tho Omniscient, and tho Omnipresent, aotuully condesconuort to voil hinisolf in tho garments of our inforior olay. Tho Infinito was linked with tho infant ¡ tho Eternal blended with mortality. That manger at Bethlchom, tonanted by tho oxpross imago of tho Father's glory, was a groat Bight to thoso who understood it. Woll might tho angolB troop forth in crowds from within tho gates of poarl, that they might behold Him, whom heaven could not oontain, finding accommodation in a stable with a lowly wedded pair. *' GOD WAS MANIFEST IN THE FLESH." Our Lord was the Son of tho Highest, and nevertheless, "a man of Borrows and. acquainted with grief." Hotrod the billows of tho obedient sea, and yot Ho owned not a I foo« of land in all Jados. He /od thousands by his powoA and yoi all faint and -weary Ho sat upon a well, anfl cried "Glvo me to drink." Ha cast out devüe, but waa Himself tempted of tho devil. Ho hoalod all maunS of disoasoB, and was Himself exceeding Borrowfid oven ant* death. Our Lord's manhood waa no phantasm : " Hondia Mo and soo," saith Ho j " aßpirit hath ru4 flesh and bonäS aa yo BOO MO havo." Yot with equal certainty God wal. manifest in Him. As tho light streams through tho lan tori so tho glory of Godhead flamod through tho flesh of Jesuit His nearest companions boar witness: "We behold H1Ï glory, tho glory as of tho only begotten of tho luther, fnfi of grace and truth." Bolovod, this is a mystery surpassing all compréhension» If any man should attempt to oxplain, or oven define thé union of tho divino and human in tho Lord Jesus, ho would soon provo his folly. It Is enough for us to know that the incarnation is a glorious fact, and it suiflcoa us to hold it in its simplioity. It ia a great mystery-groat because it breath of God-great if you consider tho great honqa whioh is theroby oonferred upon manhood. Man Is royal now that Christ is human. Man IB oxolteS sinoo Christ is humiliated. Man may go nj to God now that God has come down to marv But, brothron, tho mystery appears greatest of all bo cansí '. it is BO nearly connootod with our eternal redemption. Shi) ÍB not removed except by an atonement, neither would any person havo sufficed to atone but one of like nature to those who had offended. O, gazo again, and marvel moro and moro that God should put himsolf into tho place of hla offending creature, and in tho person of his dear Son. should offer to eternal justice a compensation for tho insulta which Bin had cast upon law and rulo 1 There is no groat* noaa in heaver, or earth if it be not here in the bleeding flesh of JOSUB, tho Son of God. Beloved, if standing at the foot of the orosa you have seon all your sins punished iri tho person of tho inoarhato God, and heard the voici which saith, " There is therefore now no condemnation : to them that. are in Christ JOBUB," you cannot think lightly of the Word made flesh. If you hav$ . learned that His blood has brought perfect pardon ? to all boliovoro, and that through the rent veil of his flesh ' the saints havo aoooss to God, and on tranco into heaven, youl will lay hold upon the great truth of an incarnate Deity with a grasp which neither tho trials of lifo nor the terrors of death shall unclasp. 2\. The apoBtlo montions the witness by which the mission, of Jesus was confirmed. He was " JUSTIFIED IN THE SPIRIT." Every religion demands our attention in proportion to tho j oortainty of ita teacliings, and tho value of its confirma- : \ tory testimony. How matchless is the seal whioh ia sot upon tho mystery of godliness. "It is tho Spirit I that bearoth witness, beoouso tho Spirit is truth." Observó what part tho Holy Spirit took in connootion with our Lord« At His baptism in tho waters of Jordan tho heavens were opened, and tho Spirit, tho voico of God, proclaimed, " This is My boloved Son, in Whom I am well pleased." Tho greatest attestation whioh tho Holy Spirit gave to Christ was tho raising of Him from the dead« Moroovor, let UB not forgot that forty days after our Master had been takon up from UB, while tho disciples were gathorea together with ono accord in ono placo, suddenly they heard a sound as of a rushing mighty wind, which lUlod all the .place whore they wore sitting ; the Holy Ghost, whom Jeans . had promised, had c«¿ao to moko good tho Word of the Lord. Ye havo not forgotten tho miraculous flames of fire wmçhv ? sat upon eaoh of the disciples, and how they spako witk. Other tongueB as tho Spirit gaye thom utterance 1 You know how that day 3Q00 were converted to tho faith by the testimony of those first champions of Christi Thus tho , I Spirit boro witness with signs, miradles, and wondrous gifts, that Jesus was most truly God and tko Saviour ot men. If you complain that this attestation has now ceased, that tho record of miracles is rather a strain upon your faith than on assistance, 1 would remind you that tho Spirit o£ God has not ceasod from tho midst of tho church. Tho I Holy Ghost no longer operates upon material substances» tho Bick oro not healed, the dead are not raised-this we freely oonfoBSt but he still acts with equally wonderful resulta upon tho minds of men. In this very house there ; havo been miracles performed, which, in lasting valuo, put tho raising of tho dead to tho blush. Many of us now . prosont bear witness that by the Spirit of God we have been ' s new created, raised from spiritual corruption, delivered from tho dominion of Satan, and translated into the king. dom of God. The Bwlno of drunkenness have beeu mode lo vor B of holiness, tho beastB of sensuality paxtakorB of the divino nature. When hearts of adamant meit like wax, and ; Btrearas of penitenoo flow from souls, as hard as flinty rooks, '. who will refuse to believe ? Let the goapol bo judged by its fruit. IS it does not turn the moral desert into an Eden, trans« form the lion into a lamb, and raiso up the beggar from the dunghill, thon lot it bo rejected ; but nineo it has done this, and is doing it, lot its despiser^ beware lest they commit the sin against tho Holy Ghost while they reject the solerán .. evidences whioh he daily thrusts before our eyes, Soo tho savage easting away his weapons, tho cannibal softened into tíie man. What philosophy could not do and did noto . ' caro to attempt- what civilisation never could have aooom« plishod alone, the cross of Christ has effectually performed. The Spirit of God is with us, aud both in the holiness ot . tho saints, and in tho convoraion of unbelievers, he beata witness that God waa in Christ. 3\. Our apostle writes that OhriBt was SEEN OP ANGELS. At his birth they appearod to tho shepherds, and bode them hasten to Bethlehem, whilo they thomselves looked on with holy wonder- ¡ !' "They saw tho heaven-born child, in human flesh arrayM, Benevolent and mild, whilo in a manger laid ; . And praiso to God, and peace on earth, "'. . For Buoh a birth, proclaimed aloud." In the wilderness angolB ministered unto Him. An ango! ministered unto Him in Gethsemane, when His sweat was as . it were great drops of blood. Upon Calvary they watched Him, " And, could their eyes have known a tear, Had dropp'd it there in sad surprise." Visions of angels wero seen by tho witnesses of His roBur. rection. Two clothed in whito sat, the one at tho hoad and ' the other at tho foot, where the body of Jesus had lain. , Angels mot Him at His asccasion, when the clouds reoeived Him out of sight; and thoy attended Him up to glory, orying, " Lift up your hoads, O yo gatos ; and bo ye lift up, ye ever« lasting doors j and tho Sing of Glory shaU como iu. Tho apostle montions this to ahow tho greatnoss of our . religion. Tho noblest intellects aro interested in it. Did : you over hoar of angola hovering around tho assemblies ot philosophical sooioties ? Vory intorosting papers aro Borne« timos produced speculating upon geological facts ; startling discoveries aro now and then made as to astronomy and the laws of motion j wo aro frequently surprisod at tho results ot chemical analyses ; yot I do not rcinombor over reading oven in pootry that angola havo showu any excitement at the news. Tho fact is. tho story of this world's history in. goologio timos, all tho facts about tho world, are aa wen known to angels aa tho lottora of tho alphabet are tous) all our profound soiencca and rocondito theories to . them must seem utterly contemptible. But concerning an incarnate God, it is said, " Which things tho angola; desire to look into." Over tho moroy-seat they stand with outspread winga gazing in reverent admj« ration, and boforo tho throne thoy Bing, " Worthy is tho Lamb, for Ho waa slain." Thoy turn from overyothor Bight to view tho incarnate Kodcomor, regarding His con« dosconding deed of grace aa a bottomless ocoan of myatery, a topless stoop of wonder. Josua wns seen of angels» * and they still delight to gazo upon him-this to tho apostle's mind waa conclusivo ovidenco that tho doctrines of oui* faith are of tho greatest importance i 4\. JOSUB Christ waa PREACHED UNTO THE GENTILES. Is preaching a wonder ? YOB. Tho preaching of tho gospel provea conclusively tho grandeur of our religion. The] , nearest to Christ wero tho angels; ho was seen of thom i tho farthest from Christ wero fallon Gentiles, who hod given themselves up to tho worship of tho works of their own hands. To these also Josun oamo. That JeauB Christ waa preochefi to tho Gentiles at all was a wonder which it behoves na noi ' to forget. Tliey were brutalised with grovelling VÍCOB; ni form of spiritual faith had over found footing among thomi Was, thon, tho most spiritual of all religions to bo taught ta thom, and carried to thom by no other ineaua than that oj preaching P This surprised our apostle. And what sur» priBOo mo still moro ia thia : That Christ was preached to tho Gentiles by Jews. Thoso whoso bigotry at that time was invincible, so that thoy could not imagine Bach a thing* as a Gentile being in covonant with God, wore tho very mon who with Indefatigable ardor wont among tho Gentiles to preach JOBUB Christ. If you had told an Intelligent Jow that somo of his follow countrymen would become apostles to tho Gentiles, to doolaro that tho waU which Burroundeq tho favorod nation waa broken down, ho would have nailed incredulously, and oxclaimod : " Impossible I You may COT tho Jew iu pieoos first. The belief that his race is peonlhulv favorod of God lies in the very heart and marrow of. th* Israeli to j Lo will novor oona ont to beoomo one with tho Con tilo doge." Yot Josus, Israel'shopo andconaolntion, waa flrst published to tho hcathon by Jews, chiefly by ono who waa a " Hebrew of tho Hobrews ; as touching the law, a ¿harisco." Paul, tho inoBt ferooioua of bigots, who counted that he did God's service whon ho hunted out tho disciples of Christ, became tho Gentile's friend and apiritual father. This is a atarfcling fact. Jeans ia still preached among the nations. Tho church labors to make him ovorywhoro known. What othor ro jLrion spends so much energy in seeking convorts P It any Sf you wore foolish enough to wish to bocomo Jews, you ?frould not bo welcomed. No ; tho Jow doos not want us. He Ëefees to koep his horitago for himself and his hoirs. I i not awaro of any Mahometan society for tho conversion of the world to tho Prophet. I never saw in the streets of jLondon a Brahmin, como from far, to convert tho crowds to the doctrinos of tho Shasters j nor havo I over soon a Buddhist thrusting Mmsolf into peril to win tho savngo to his orood. Lot any other faith than tho Christian show me Ú¡ man travorBing alono tho contre of Africa, liko Living M»no. or darolling alone with bushmen, as Moffat has done. The fact is, tho spirit of falso oreoda is rather monopoly than extension j but tho religion of Christ is expansivo as tho arch of hoaven. If I could I would havo all men Borod. If it wore possible, I would have overy ono of you Jtartakers of Christ Josna this very morning. Wo would cheerfully lay downourlivosif wo could ortend tho kingdom tft Jesus Christ to tho utmost bounds of tho earth. When thoso religions do attempt to spread themselves, which is rarely enough, how do they do itP Mahomet put a scimitar into tho hand of oaoh one of his followora, and Bald, " That ÍB tho strongth of Islanilsm: use that sharp nrgumont upon tho nations." But Christ refused all carnal woapons, and ohoso tho simplo preaching of the Word. What other faith con doro to depend upon preach ing-upon ono man's testimony to other men about truth precious to himself P 5\. Another part of tho mystery is that Christ ia BELIE VED ON IN THE WOHLD. J. havo often wondered why Paul should write it dows as a groat mystery that Christ should bo believed on in the world. ^&Jid; yot lt is a marvel of marvels. If you think how sunken tho world was in vice, how darkened the understanding of man was with ignorance, it is astounding that such mon should reçoive so holy and so spiritual a re ligion as that which Josue preached. We como to you who aro fond of sin, and wo toll you that you must give up your favourite pleasures, that cherished vices must be abandoned, that holiness which is distasteful to you must rule your Ufo ¡ and yet, obnoxious as theso things are to flesh and blood, whon the Holy Spirit comes with tho word, you bolieve and accept them Joyfully. We are told of all man kind, " Thoro is nono that understondeth, there ia none that Boekoth ofter God. They oro all gone out of the way, they áie together beoomo unprofitable j there is none that doeth frood j no, not ono." Is it not a wonder that such depraved {ninds should perceive beauties in tho Lord Jesus, and yield their full confidence to him P Indeed, to evory saved man, it is tho greatest mirado of ail that ho is tumsolf a believer. I believe that Christ died for íhy sins with muoh moro assurance than I believe Snything elso ¡ no faot in history ls one half so certain tome, and yot. at times, it is so hard to believe it, that it ia olear to mo that truo faith is not of man, but is a fruit of Wie Spirit. Great must be tho truth which forces itself irpon tho conviotion of minds so dark and so benighted. Tho apostle winds up his summary by reminding us that Christ waa _ " RECEIVED UP INTO GLORY." ÇJhifl is no small truth. Tho Apostlo and High Priest of j Our profession has not gono from us into obscurity, but ia Mtbls day sitting upon, tho throne of God 1 At this, hour jesus is feing or Kings and Lord of Lords, upholding all ! " Inga by tho word of His power. Ho shall shortly come j be our Judgo. Ho shalt descend from heaven with a j flout, with tho trump of tho arohangol and tho voico of >d, and all men shall be gathered boforo Him to receive eh* final sentence. This a great truth, to bo proclaimed ita Beal. Thus, throughout, the burden of our religion is ir from trivial. " Groat is tho mystery of godliness." U. I must now detain you with ÍFBW NOTES on this summary. I. It is all concerning Christ. If we are to preach the pel faithfully, wo must preach muoh concerning Jesus j 1st. This must be the first, the midst, and ena of our ministry. Brethren, if you have received a gospel, of which Christ ls not tho top and bottom, throw it away. If fon aro resting on anything bosido ChriBt Jesus, you aro pasting upon a rotten foundation. Get off from it, lest you ' be deeoived at tho last. But if Christ ia all in all to you, ftnd his work and porson are the sum and substance of your .hope, then bo of good cheer ; where Jesus is honored, ¿opus are safely sheltered. 2\. This summary of THE GOSPEL IS VERY SIMPLE. Whenever you meet with teaching whioh is cloudy and complicated, you may conolude that lt is not tho gospel of your salvation. Tho truth of Christ is so plain that ho who tans may read, and tho wayfaring man, though a fool, need hot orr therein. Porhaps somo of you havo been thinking that conversion and salvation are dark and mysterious ^hings. and that yon have to pass through many singular Operations and feelings in order to bo saved. Now, beloved, ¿he whole of our faith lies in a nutshell. Ho that beÜovoth La Jesus Christ, tho Incornato God, is saved. These few truths, if grasped by tho mind, recolvod and trusted in by the heart, will save you. It is at tho cross that salvation taust be found. Tho things whioh you have to believe aro lust those simplicities : Jesus tho Son of God has come into | this world as man to save men j ho hos blod and died ; he is jroclaimed and preached j ho is to bo received i . ftnd believed in j ho has gone up to glory to ' ¿repare n placo for thom that trust him, ana that is all. Keoeive thiB simplo truth. God oalla it groat ; angola t-lHnlt li groat ; tho Holy Spirit atteats it to be groat; we who fereach it feel it to bo groat i thoy who .reçoive it acknow ledge it to be great; Christ in glory boara witness that it is freat. O accept thia great salvation ! May tho Spirit lead you to boliovo in tho great Saviour of great sinners. 8\. Again, if this simplo truth bo the messago of God to porishing sinners, then in tho name of common humanity, «hove all, in the name of the lovo of Christ, lot us deliver 16\. When I am preaohing tho Gospol, many say, " Oh, ho 9 only tolling us commonplace truth." Just so, I know Jhat ; and yotl feel within myself as if I was whoeling up God's great cannon, which will' blow tho gatos of hell to pièces yet. Tho vonorablo mysteries, yio now philosophical discoveries, oro all wooden runs, shams, ona counterfeits, and if ovor they are fired off they will go to shivers. This plain truth, that God waa mado flesh and dwolt among ua," is God's groot ittering-ram against whioh nothing can stund. Novor so heart in tho gospol. Look for nothing greater : tho ol ie groat enough. Koop to it ; novor think you havo men times enough about it. Aa Napoleon told his ors at tho pyramids, " A thousand ages look down _ n you I" bleeding martyrs call to you to bo faithful j fcbnfessors who ascended to hoaven In fiery chariots Implore fte bo steadfast. By this hammer tho gods of Romo and ¡ce wero dashod to shivers ; by this levor tho world was od upside down. It ls thia gospol which has brought f to God, filled hoavon with rodoemod souls, and made to tremble In all its palaces of flame. Bind it about your heartland defy tho hosts of Romo or holl tó unloose Its folds. Wrap lt about your loins lu death. Hold it as a Îtondard in both your hands in lifo. This simplo truth, hat " Jesus Christ has borno to Book and tosavo that which te lost, and that " "Whosoovor bollevoth In him shall not perish, but havoovorlastíng lifo," must bo your jewel, your treasure, your lifo. jpor 