DEINK. (to the editor.) Sir, — The stirring lectures on the above sub ject, by the Rev. Father Kavanagh, are, it is hoped, the beginning of a crusade against the great vice of the day — drunkenness. Peter the Hermit, when he roused Catholic Europe to rescue the Holv Land from the hands of the Saracens,;had not a holier mission than the rev. gentleman who now appeals to us to become crusaders in the holy cause of temperance. Every day, nay, almost every hour, desecration more awful — the desecration of the temple of the Holy Ghost — than that of the Holy Land is witnessed in our cities and towns. The demon of drink is constantly in our midst, desolating happy homes and laying us under a tribute compared to which the impost of ad valorem and specific duties were but a bagatelle. Nearly .£5 per head per year for every man, woman, and child in the colony for strong drink ! What a bill for drink ! What a wicked waste does not this imply ! Can it be checked ? Yes, by public opinion. The Pulpit and the Press should ring the changes on it. Every man and woman should set their teeth hard against it. Drink is a concomitant of western civilization, and the further west our civilization extends the more Helots does it produce. We can have no sports without spirits. Aqua viiw (should it not be termed aqua mortis) accompanies aquatics. Bibing and bowls gohand-in-hand. Cricket and champagne are inseparable. Eacing and rum run together. Drink is introduced at man's birth, flows at his marriage, and often superabounds at his death. Surely this vile custom of drink on every and on all occasions is a blot on our boasted civilization. Is not the inventive genius of the age capable of devising a more rational manner of social enter tainment than that which obtains amongst us, which steals away the brains and health of count less numbers ? Cursed be the drink liow well so'er it flow That to mankind is suoli a fatal foe. Drink appears to be the resource most enjoyable to some people. Many are addicted to it the greater parts of their lives; they are born sots and in nine cases out of ten irreclaimable. ? There should be an asylum for confirmed drunkards, to avert the scandal they are in private and in public. Others fall victims to the vice at certain periods of their existence, about the meridian of life. These are reclaimable if taken properly and in time. A well-known gentleman in the Eailway Department, whose observations extend over a generation in time, and over three colonies in place, told me the other day that this class or drunkards is growing more numerous. He noticed that such persons were as in dustrious as the busiest bee. They edu cated their children well ; they fulfilled all the duties of exemplary fathers and husbandmen up to a certain stage in their life, until, in fact, they have acquired a competence. Many of them then turned to drink, and their descent to the grave was as rapid in most instances as that of the sufferer from galloping consumption. The Priest and the Levite he often saw pass them by, and it was seldom a good Samaritan took any of them in hand ! In my own limited experience I have seen the same thing on a small scale. I have known for many years a community whose industrial habita could not be ex celled by any class, and who, compara tively early in life, reaped the reward of them in easy affluence. Many of them then felt ' the disease coming upou them.' Some averted it by taking a trip home. Others escaped it by surrounding themselves with books and newspapers in which they found sufficient en tertainment to destroy the craving for strong drink ; while many also were overcome by it and died the worst by all deaths — the death that deprives of heavenly inheritance. The drunken career of one of them realised all the horrors of Cruikshank's great picture of the ' Bottle.' And yet he began with only a glass now and again ' for company's sake.' It would not hurt, he said — ' A glass in tho morning is good for the sight, If you glass it all day, you'll sloop well at night, a* If you sleep well at lii^ht you'll think it no siig^pso To rise in the morning and glass it again.' -M$0^ffi This-toper's dictum might be acted upon^ttf-ffche cold climate of northern countries, but the man or woman who adopts it in our warm climate will soon prove as alarming a warning to Australians as drunken Helots were to the Spartan youth. And now, Sir, how is the community to be made sober ? By becoming total abstainers ? Yes ; but that is impossible. All will not join that banner 5 therefore those Tvho will not should drink only when thirsty, and never but one drink at any sitting in a public-house. If a man urges one ' to have another,' he should have the courage to reply — Begone, Satan ! Yours faithfully, 0\. B. 