CHAPTER II. It 13 London, and it is November. Wehave been married just a week, and are beginning to grow accustomed to -the fact, and to realise tliat we are not the very first people in the world who ever entered into that holy Sydney has at last ceased to start and laugh when she comes into breakfast and finds letters addressed to “Mrs. St. Maur” at her plate; already the hotcl waiters have ceased to grin furtively at the sight of tis. and stray hansom cabmen no longer look for an extra tip. The first obtrusively newly mar ried look is beginning to wear oft. As for me. I spend my day3 in wondering what I ever did in all my unworthy life to deserve the blessing that has come to me, and in marvcllinghow I lived through all the dark, weary, aimless years before it came. Perhaps we shall have thirty years more of just such happiness ; perhaps forty or fifty, we are yet so young. London is delightfully empty. I hare not seen half a dozen people I know, and those I have successfully avoided. But to-nighfc we go to a drum, or something at Lady Susan Stanley's. People might leave ns alone until onr honeymoon is fairly over, hut Sydney’s tender little heart is afraid of offending her old annt.if we do not go, so we are prepared for a night of penance, and make up our minds to the worst that can befall. My Sydney is in her bridal dress—sheeny satin and forest-like lace—and I have clasped on the diamonds myself, though she laughs at me for wanting her to wear them, and says they are too finfi ■for Lady Susan. I have a fancj for seeing her just as she was on her marriage morning, but she looks even sweeter, for she is not so pale. I could look at her all night and never tire, and it is just as well that I have that gratification, for other amusements at Lady Susan’s have I none. It is all very stately, very (lull, very awful. “ Respectable and stupid. What dill I tell you 2" says Sydney, wisely. A little bad music, a great deal of dreary conversation; twice as many people as the rooms will hold, who come and go in bril liant attire. Sydney need not have been afraid of being too gorgeous. I elbow my way with difficulty to the refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a sea of its melted self, and this delicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. Poor little sweetheart! While I am still afar off I sec her sitting desolate and pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear “ My poor child, you arc bored to death, and no wonder 1” I say, as I reach her side. “ Let us make our escape ns soon as possible.” She looks at me dreamily and asks in an absent sort of way,— “ llarry, what was that extraordinary noise 2 Did you hear it just now 2” “ Noise ?” I say, with mild irony. “ Well, ye3,1 should think so; the infernal gabble is enough to deafen one.” “ Oh, no, not that; I don’t mean any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort of cry that sounded above everything else, a wild kind of wail—the very saddest thing I ever heard—it almost made me cry, and vet so sweet and clear. What could it have been ?” “ That bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing ‘ Roberto’ just now. Her voice was certainly high enough and melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness never struck me.” '• Oh, no, Harry, I don’t mean that at all; it was when no one was singing, and it was not like singing in the least, bat more like a cry at a wake than anything else. I wonder you did not hear it, and it is odd no one else seemed to notice it, though I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish 1 knew what it was.” !l Something in the street below, no donbt, unless you fancied it, which would be no wonder; this sort of thing is enough to give one the blues. But come, Sydney, let us cut the whole thing and'go to the theatre for an hour; yon know Aunt Susan offered us her box, and I bear there’s something rather good going on.” “ Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?" and she brightens directly. So we retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre, where people are in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can see neither head, tail, nor plot to the whole thing; our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with success to Sydnev laughs a little, but does not seem much interested; and presently she turns to me, looking pale and unhappy, and says, im ploringly,— “ My dear boy, don’t be vexed with me; I know you will think me a dreadful goose, but just then I had such a fright. I am almost sure I saw Mr. Fitzgerald in that corner by the wall; be was looking up with those dreadful wild eyes of his, and the moment I looked at him he turned and went out. ne was in some kind of a dark cloak, and looked so odd ! Butil am almost sure I could not mistake those eyes !” “ But, my darling, I thought you said he wasn’t in England,” I remonstrate. “Neither he was; he was abroad, but it was so like him, and it gave me such a ter rible shook! Don’t think me a goose, Harry, plense.” £I’H tell you what I do think. I think you arc tired out, and we should be far better off in our own comfortable room than in listening to all this rubbish; come along, there’s a dear childand I put her fleecy wraps around her and take her away. But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks up into my face. “There, Harry!” she says, earnestly— “there it is again, that long, wailing cry. How very strange 1 Surely you must have heard that 2” “ Why, Sydney, it is mere fancy I” I say, shaking her gently. “If I don’t mind I shall have you ill. You’re nervous, tired, and excited. I shall not be easy in my mind till yon arc at home and have taken something and without more ado I get her down stairs and back to our hotel as quickly as I can. Once in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. I make her drink a g’ass of wine and sit by the lire, and she is laugh ing merrily at her own foolishness, when there is a tap at the door, and a waiter comes to te!i-me that one of my brother officers is waiting to see me in the coffee-room on im portant business, and refuses to come up “Oh, bother Frampton !” I say, with a groan. “ What a time of night to come and disturb one! Come up here, indeed ! I should think it a great piece of cheek if he didl I don’t like leaving you, Sydney 1” “ Oh, don’t mind that, dear boy. I am all right now. I’ll toll you what, I will pat away the ‘ family jools’ and take down my hair while you are gone, and then come back and brush it here while you have a pipe. May 12” “ May you ? Of course yon may anything; that is, if if you don’t object to the smell of tobacco amoug your golden looks.” “ Oji, no; and we can have a nice chat over the tire. Don’t be gone long.” “ Not a second longer than I can help.” “ If I grow sleepy before you come back I shall lie down and wait for you; hut mind you wake me. I want to sit with you while you smoke.” “'All right. Has your maid gone to bed? ” “ Yes, I told her she need notsffc up.” “ Very well, then ; I’ll go down to Framp ton. Mind, if a ghost should make ifs appear ance you can receive it with the celebrated dagger; I saw it on your dressing-table when we went out. I took it to cut the string round your flowers.” “ Don’t he silly 1 ” and,she pauses with her hand on her bed-room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet leave her for ten seconds. Frampton is waiting in the coffee-room profuse in apologies for troubling me. “ At such a time of-all others, my dear fellow! Wouldn’t have had it happen for the world ! What will Mrs. St. Maur think of • me 2 ” However, his business really is important, and do what I will, it is nearly three-quar ters of an hour, and very near midnight, when I see liis broad shoulders take themselves off. Po0r little Sydney 1 she' will be tired to death waiting for me, and 1 dash up stairs to make up for lost time. Sydney is not in the outer room, however, and I pause for a moment with my back to the fire, and smile as I think I need not have raced so frantically after all. _ Then I re member what she said about lyingdown, and 1 move towards tlic bed room to see if she had fallen asleep,- when ray eye falls upon the “family jools’’-lying in a dazzling heap upon the table. Careless little woman 2 Any one might have come in and carried them off and she not a bit the wiser. I stoop to gather them up. Something else is lying near them —something almost as bright as they. With an indescribable sensation I bend nearer and see that it is the Corsican sheath I know so well—the quaint, curious black and gold sheath wound about with a long shining tres3 of golden hair, so smooth, so fine, so sunny it can only be from one head in all the ' Wbydocs my blood turn to ice, and ray heart ceases suddenly tq beat as I take it in my hand and see that something is smeared upon the freshly severed edges—something ^ wet and warm and red, 566 'fr£>■' Somehow I reach the next room and dash open the door; somehow I cross the floor and am beside the white bed, where, all in her pure, dainty bridal robes, her beautiful hair floating about her like a golden veil, lies my love, my treasure, my blue eyed darling, my bride of a week, so still, so silent, so deathly white, with a long, sharp knife in her heart! 