THE YOUNGEST MISS GREEN. Br F. W. Robinsos. Author of "Grandmother's Money," "luanu Id London," " Courting of Mary {Smith," " Ninety Bins Dark afcwsI." "Wo Church." Ac., Ac. ' CHAPTER VIL TURKSWOMEN TOGETHER. Vanda Sherwood oould not apeak In her alarm. She oame oat npon the landingplaoe, tottered towards Miss Green, sad along to bar u a frightened obild might have dons. Twioe the made an effort to speak, failed, "It is all veil," said Jule Green, very rapidly, "it ianothing, mistress, nothing of importance. Mary screamed at seeing me— nothing mors than that. Save that Mi— Unstable is here, yon see. She asked if she oould speak to yon for a moment, and I have Men telling her it was too late to-night. That's all." Vanda shivered, as t>he looked towards the wretched, ill-clad figure who had foroed her way into the honae. She bhaded her eyes Willi her hand, as if to make son that this was not an illusion, which a steadier gaze and replied at last in a strange, " That Miss Unstable 1 My old companion -thatr " Xea, Miss Vanda, your old companion, bioughtto this pass in a few ahort months,'' said Joan Buatable; "see what misfortune can do, and what a rain it oan make." " I am shocked. I am sorry," said Vanda, in a stifled voice still. "I do not comprehend how it oould have happened." "It is too Jong a story to explain," interposed Jnle Green, "and the explanation ia jinniweasary to night, or at any, tuna." "Oome into Abe drawing-room—tell me what yon want—4hat I oan do?" said Vanda anmedly; then she and Jale Green passed into the room, and Joan Bostablefolio sred, Mary, the maid, sat on the stairs for a minute or two robbing her ancle and whimpering to harseff—prepared even for a scene of emotion on her own account, shoald her shortoominK8 become a topic of discnsstoa at the present crisis. Bat the door closed apon ber, and Mary gathered herself together, and limped slowly upstairs to her fellow set panto, who, alarmed fay ber aoream, were waiting for her, in varionrdsgreeB of soanty apparel. On the top landing. Meanwhile the three women had passed -into the drawing- room and the door was dosed behind them. Jnle Green turned up the gas that had been glimmering in the gilt branches on the walls, and flooded the room at onoe with light. It was as well, she thought, that they should not talk in the shadows, and that then should be nothing wot* depressing than that poor ontsast, who did not look any the mors attractive for the bright light in which she .stood. In the fall tight, too, Jale Green oo° ld take a dearer outlook and stand mors oP° n defenoe of her young mistress, if defano" . •Sit down, Miss Bas«ble," said Vanto, as she resumed herol^ pl* 0 ® upon the sofa, ".—• j-?' sHTme what yon want, and why yon have oome to meat so late an hour. Vanda took a little moroooo leather purse from bar pocket and plaoed itia her 1m, as if prepared at onoe to give motor to her visitor, if money wen the article required. Joan Beatable observed this and felt relieved in mind already and even touched by her late mistress's alacrity In well-doing. She stifled a little sigh, drew her shawl more closely round her, as though she was very cold, and sat down on a chair some distanoe from the oouoh. Jule Green seated herself by a console table, rested one arm upon it, and regarded both of them with keen iaterebt woman prepared for an emergency. "I would prefer to speak to you alone, Miss Vanda," Joan Bastable said; "my business Is delicate —and of -gnat itnprrtannr" : "-1 do not see that Miss Green will be in the way. But if you wish I " V'lnttte wavor not," "id Jnle Green in ner old blunt fashion, which had been madified of late days, 41 1 am not going to leave yon two together." " But; " began Vanda. "it is of no nse," said the companion firmly; "and she should know it iB of no use to try aach a trick upon me. I sha'n't go." "Very well," said Vanda listlessly; "it cannot matter possibly. Now, Miss Bus table, tell me what yon require." "I suppose it is not difficult to guess," she said. " You fcave been unfortunate?" "I have been extremely unfortunate, Miss Vanda, most exceptionally so," she said, dropping into the old style of address, as if for a moment she ooidd nit help returning to her feigned priqmess of demeanour with the young mistress As a. listener, "and am completely destitute:" " Was not another appointment easy to got? I would have spoken well of you if you had referred any one to me." "I did not think you would." -« Yon were faithful and considerate until tme last day of your service," said Vanda, "and that might have been overlooked, was hasty—and so was opsn to'retort." " Perhaps so," said the other, shrugging her shoulders; " but i had made np my mind not to beoome any one's slave again when I wait away from yoa. It had been the hardeat trial of my life to play the part I did. Bat you know." "ffo-I. don'ti know," said Vanda, very much bewildered, j r "JSht can tell yon, if slie will, all' about us, indicating Jnle Green by a soornfal wave of her hand towards her. " I give her toll permission. I thoaght she had done so already—long ago—not haviog faith ia any woman's word." I have told you that I have not spoken of aow, God knows!" She clasped her hands together and seemed for an instant to relapse iato thought, Vanda regarding her with interest and sitting then as colourless as marble, and with her dark eyes strangely dilated as with a secret horror Of her. " Well, what Is it yoa want? Tell Miss Sherwood what you have sneaked into the bouse for, and have done with it," said Jale impatiently. Joan Bastable looked daggers at the last speaker, and replied satirically— " I was not aware it was for yoa to give orders; bat I have no wish to keep. Miss Vanda out of her bed. And although I need pecuniary assistance very badly," she added In the old style again," and shoald not in any case reject it, I. have not-oome in the first it stance to solicit charity. Bather to atone for a mistake—an' error of implaae, a grave ftnlt even—in the simplest manner that 1 oan. " And the shortest," added Jale Green. "Yes, and in the shortest way too," said Miss Bastable firing up again,' "and If yoa must interfere to insult me. And, with all your goodness and preaching and mouthing, Jnle Green, you were always an insultingcit. But there, there, I forget myself; I knew I do, Miss Vanda. I have been sfaely tried of late days—I apologue. Xhtt will explain my Lusiness in this honae." Fromatono- pocket of her dress she produced a letter, and rising laid it in the lap of Vanda Sherwood, by the side of the purse u at was already there. "What is this?' atked Vanda; "what •erathis bet" "It is a letter which you wrote to Mr. Tyson, and which never reached his hands." " flow—how did yoa obtain possession of" it ?" asked the astonished Vanda,. " I chanced to travel to London with Major fipe on the day it was entrusted to him, and ticked his pooket of it," was the oool explanation. - " Bat Mr. Tyson answered this." "Impossible. He never saw a line of It" " Oh I I am so glad, so glad," oried Vanda, dapping her hands; "and yet I am so sorry. I cannot understand it all yet. It is like a dream, and I shall want time to think of it. .What made yon do It ? Oh! what made yoa do such acrnel thing as that?" • "Cariosity at first—the sex's weakness always—and the spirit of revenge afterwards, . telling me that it was my torn to render yon . unhappy*'.' was the reply. " Bat of late days I have thought that I wonld come to you and own my error, and ask your pardon. I waa sore in your heart that you did not like Mr. Linfold so well as you did the young fellow whom yon sent away. So sbe will forgive Me, I thought, for my act of restitution, and ,1101 judge me too harshly at the last. She * will remember I have been very sorely tried." 8he went bade to her seat and waited, and Vanda sat staring at the letter in her lap. fresontly Vanda looked towards Jule Green, who nodded, and said cartly— "After that fine speech she is waiting for her price." " Ah! yet, yes; you want money; you are in distress, Mid would sell this ? £s that it r* asked Vanda quickly of Miss Bastable. " Any charity yon oare to extend to me I shall be deeply grateful for," replied Joan; " bat it waa in penitence that I came, let that stony-hearted person think what Bhe will," " Here is money—hold out your hands," add Vanda, erasing to her, opening her purse, and turning the contents into the clawlike hands outstretched to her. "Nov go away, and -never let me see yoa again. You have done me irreparable harm, and see—I pay yon for it handsomely." " ft is good for evil; 1 own it," wis the slow reply. " It it what Jale Gieen pieacbeabout, bat never practises. 1 think yoa. Miss V anda—I am deeply grateful. 1 will no; "Yea, yes—do go 1" - Vanda went back to the conoh, and buiiel her face in the cnshions, olatohing tightly the letter in her right hand. Jale Green and Joan Bnstable went together from the room, the latter laden with her spoil. They did not exchange another word together; they went down the broad staircase, side by aide, two tall, silent, grim-faoed women, looking mora Uke ghosts than when Mary had been soared by them half an hoar ago. At the bottom of the stairs Jale Green opened the street door, and Joan Bastable passed silently Into the night, and was merited in Its depths. 