WANDERIINGS 1 ASIA. a Br Tas How. Jama Causnatr. l The THE MADUBA TEMPLE, ba Is there snyone amongst as who at se bu tie bha made an excursion or journey got which, when looked back upon, seemed to be completely •a dream? There are certain vents in our lives which appear to us now am so hadowy and unreal that we can hardly ant persuade ourselves they are other than mere v.ienas, sometimee pleseant and tome- qtl times nightmares. Ibs last few says I spent in India now look to me bý rather as a dream than as a reality. we I had made my arrangemtots to leave Eotsa camond, spend a day at Trichinopoly and to Miadra, proceed lesaurely to Toticnrin, t giving ample time to see all thbe sight on be the road. But I received a telegram from the agents in Tuticorin that the steamer would leave earlier than her appointed date. i 1 therefore had to hurry on, leaving Trichi. nopoly unvisited. Wbat I saw of that .w town and fort In the distance -made me regret exceedfngly that I hadits not time to stay, but I consoled tb myself with the reflection that one an oannot see everytfbing In this world. We eust be content to leave many things at 0n0ec0 we fain would see, and many things undone we fain would do. Life is full of inccpgletenesa, vbetber it be the splendld li career of world reforming which we fully hr intteded to carry not when we were twenty- lo one, or the day's work in which something w, is cmitted or left undone. Dever shall I forget my visit to the t famroe Madura temple. It is the ghost of so a memory rather than a memory itself- f a vision, a phaniasmagoris, or any Is other term you . like to expreas-a strange troubled dream-bardly troubled. but wild, unreal, grotesque- I at arrived at Madura a little before 10 o'clock at night, ard as I must leave a little before 5 o'clock the next morning, the inexorable kb necessities of catchleg the steamer com. pelling me, it followed that I r?st see the temple at right cr act t all. My resolution d was soon made. Hiring a gbarry, I drove first of all to the postmaster to inquire about s an urgent telegram. Judging from the noise required to bring him to the front, be had evidently been sleeping the sleep of the f righteous. I felt asbamed at disturbing t him at this outrageously tmcf$cial hou, Si but he received me with the utmost courtesy, and what was better, banded me my looked-for telegram. Be was evidently p greatly tickled at my expressed Intention of visiting the Madura Temple at night, and 1 - was not sure but he was getting off a sly sacrastle jobs at my expense when be informed me that at this be bour It would be a very remarkable sight pi indeed, if I could see it. This double bi messing phrase, "if I could see it," roused at spprehecinnse n my mind, but in five di minutes afterwards all there apprehensions it, had disappeared. We drove through a Jr tsrgle of streets, wi'n lo I In the p1 starnght of the night there Ioomed up : before my eyes the walls aend gopuras, or so towers, of the meat famous temple In tb Southern India. I could only dimly are the strange elaborated carvings of the lower part, and 1 lamented greatly that the upper pars was bidden in the darkness ; nevertheless, attentively regarding the lower portions, and following she clearly cut outlines, I saw re bow wonderful the work was es a wbhole, ca even hough the data Is were indistinguish-. able. It, however, the outside part of the to temple was a disappotttmer t,the ioende WE Pr not. I can honestly say that itI hbad to see the mi interior again, and had to choose between an seeing itin the daytime and seeing it in the I night, I should eartainly select the nioht. in Amorg all the worderfut things that I had 'v seen in India, nothing was more wonderful ev than this eight. I could not tell which way an we went, for I was being guided by a most of affable Hirdoo. I could not give any le elaborate description of details, for they a succeeded one another in suech bewildering at rapidity, but the broad impression left upon th my mind was thatnever inmylife hadIseen as anything so strange or so wonderful. We ve walked through long avenues of pillars of be almost every shape and form; we passed by tb the grotesquest gode of any I had seen in India, not even excepting those of the tb Caves of Ellora. We entered at the great et main entrance, passing through a confusee 3e crowd of vendors of varous wares, worship TI pens, priests, and others. As we advanced h there were few persons to be seen, but long Pt rows of lights, dimly illumining the corri- a dor and arches. Thre weregradually extin- Ps guihed as we proceeded onwards. The 01 utghs became dimmer and dimmer, the 'b shadows deeper and deeper, until the only of light we had was that given by the wretched to little oil lamps we carried in our bards fa They lit up the huge pillars close at hand, be whilst behind us, beside us, and before am us, was black darkness. Our own voices gi sounded strangely as they re-echoed among as the pillars about uas and from the roofs above wi us, which were lost in the blackness over- , head. The sounds of voices afar off had an something uncanny about them, until at hi last. I begn to' feel a curious tension of be nerves, which I take it is closely allied to to the superstitious fears of men walking fti through churchyards, or visiting the c.ypts he and vaults of an old cathedral about the hour tb of mid-ight. It was with a positive sh stars that I suddenly become consoious of Mi twogrestascred elephante,stabled, if Imayso to use the word. in one of the corridors along- on side the large hall in which we were walking. th These great brutes, with their small, bright, ye peering eyes. their restless trunks s ringing an slowly like penduluors, seemed to me like a In couple of monstrous demons in this hall of vs Hades, and though they were doubtless in rir tereatiog objects, I confes frankly to th feellrg a sense of genuine relief when we as got out of their reach. We wandered on vs and on until to my imsgination it appeared no as if we must nave traversed mils of these p halls and corridors. We inspectedgods and h toddesses, "gorgons and ohimerse alive," ee pillars with all sorts of strange devices; It weird figures, ourious arches, until the *n whole thing seemed to me a whirl, partly kn hideous, partly fantaste, partly pleas- I tIng, so that when at last, like Dante, 0n coming out from the Inferno be had so a thuroinughly ionvetigetbd, and so scourately Ilo descaribed, "Thensce sslauing, we again beheld ex the stars." I rejoiced to behold the stars, in and rejoined still more to get wittin the no friendly shelter of my ghtarry, for I to felt that all the demons whlich had wl been baunting my excited imagination or oo some time back had no power over me uo when I wu sfely within a vehiole duly gr licensed by Hdr Mjesty's Government. Of eq all the plaoes in India which I would most bc willingly revisit next to the. Himalayasu, d the glorious "Lj it Agra and the won- tit derfu. rmiple at Madur ra a the two things whihl.r-I ould desare to e above all o;hers.1 Baut if I could. see the latter again, eal had time to itudy all wt its ustonihing details in daylight. I won d an assuredly onno accout omitto visit it once pl more nla the n'ight time, It wu one of the no strangest, weirdest expedenos of my life. or INre BO roBE LUTIco?I. i After a few hours' sleep I found myself lb on the foilowaing morninog n route for da Lotlcorin. At one of the railway th tatione I was..atartled by heariln to a familiar Salvation Army. tune played upon some instrument whibch I think wss a cornet, but so mingled was its melody that my er was unables to tell anyth ng beyond the fect that It wu an instrument of some sort. I could find no di visible cause. though I looked all along the an sin to asee if Ioenld dilcover either instr. It ment or player We arrived in Lutiorin Is about midday, and I discovered it to be 05 another of the bad portes of 8outhern India a It is not as bad as Madras, having * a harbour, though shallow. Ita shallowness can be judged from the fact that steamers l of only 2.000 tons have to lie off over four ht miles from the pier, in order to load and on unload. About 4 o'cnock l ohe afternoon I in made my way down to the pier, and whilst hr standing there wallig for the launch whlob fa was to take me to the steamer, I saw some ad strange figures in the distnce, followed by a coasiderahble crowd of l stives. They eam towards wherl we standilogsad whsnoloe g athand the mystery of the hymnatnswhlob hn I had heard In the morning wau explained. ef There were three Sa lraton ormy offic?ra ash with their wives, The mae were clad ha ,,atve style, exoept that they wore bright searht jumpers, with curious looking Zamil letearit in yellow threads in the front. I They wre the ordinary turbans on their etc b?ads, sad walked with bare feet. The Ct women were dressed in European fashion,. ' but one wam barefooted, like the men.' I1 l got ato eonversation with them, discovered I that one, the leader of the party, wm an tI Engliabman, the second was no Amerioan, and the third a Canadian, . The Englishman 9 had been in lodla for about five years, the th others aboet six months. In answer to my, t qoetions, they told me they lived in native to honees and on the same food as the natives. ti "' Our theory is," said the leader, " that if we are to reachb tbie people we must conform e to their manners and customs,. If we wish to reach their sympathies we most be of the peop'e and not apart from c them." I acske him if the natives eulported them liberally. Be told me ci in reply that at first they had con- a siderable difficulty, and often even now ci were not without anxieties, but that on the ei whole they found their wants supplied, and 0 that a more generous spirit was manifesting it itself among the people. Later on I foLd d the same ideas and the same experience atrong the missioraries of the various de neminations in China. To me it bas always been a matter of profound p surprise that men otherwise generous o could be found to nsseree and be- I little the missionaries and their work, y but I never felt it more strongly than as I loked at these poor Salvation Army men, wraring a costume so utterly strange to them; theirnaked feet treading the burning t soel ; their living dependent on the gene rority of poverty-strickenetrangers ; their food sech as no working man in their own d land would even look at; their bonses the r squalid hute that one sees everywhere, and themselves cut off from associa. tien of relatives, friends, and fellows countrymen. These men are the true knights of the nineteenth century, and it b should cheer every lover of his race to see the apostolical uccession of noble men ard woren never dies out. The objects of devotion vary, but the devotion is still the same. Sir Galahad rode out in shining armour to do great deeds in his knightly t way. To-day the same lofty spirit that animated hn-rself-eacrifice. purity, love for his fellow."mn- animates some bomblk toiler witheut birth or name, and the modern Sir Galehad is foond under the scarlet jumper of the Salvation Army officer, the t black coat of the ordinary Protestant mis- e sionary or the priestly garb of the Roman II Catholic father. a rAREWEKLL To *mDTl d Quarter of an hour later I found myself on board the steam launch bound for the a.s. Putirla. An hour more the screw of the it big steamer began to revolve, ard I stood on the prop of the ship bid- d ding farewell to India. Oh ! the joy of I it. I remember reading in one of the Indian papers the entbrust of an Indian planter, who was bidding adieu to the land where I suppose be had not been very sercessfnl, and so relieved his feelings r thus - IFarwell to thise fteare of earthb, Olf bhuneers, b.eness, and fibs; Its oeed without burger, Its laugh witbrut mirth, ii And It noorses and fourpenay dlbs. A dibl ought to explaeinto the uneducated I readers of "The Telegraph" is a rupee. I i' cannot say that I felt quite so intensely t as this worthy planter, but I can say that I n turned my back upon India with a sense of profound thankfulness. Irepeat that the h men who govern India earn their salaries, tl and it would take a very large salary to a induce me to spend many years of my life c In that land. Yet it is a wonderful land to 1: visit and to leave. In some reopects it is even of more interest than Europe itself, and no amount of travel In other parts ar of the world would make good a travel- a ler'a l?o if he left India unv'aited ;b a land of strange races, strange religions, strange sights. In no part of the world la " there so be seen such colour and movement ' as In India, nowhere else such wonderfuj e' variety of manners and customs. The greit mc buildings of India are not to be compared to the great buildings of Europe in magnitude, but they have their own characoteristice and I their own beauties, such an enable them to stand on equal footing with the most won lerful buildings in any part of the world. The indescrihable Himalayas are beyone human words, nor can they even be pictured by ahe painter; they must be seen, and when seen, the sight is such as no other part of the world can rival. To all the other wonders of the-land must he added the surpassling wonder that our 250;000 000 of people are raled by a handful of foreigners. The past history of India i0 fall of thrilling Interest, and I think it may be safely rophesled that the present quier and colourless prosperity will in due time give way to scenes of just as thrilling interest and as great romance as any that have ben ;wi'neesed in the past. There are great stretches of the earth, of whioh Australia and Canada are the most noted, where Ibltory Is a blank, where there is little to be seen except that which is ro be described to the geographer or scientist. How dif ferent is India. A literature stretching brck Into.remote eges, religion varying from tbshe lowest form of fetishiem and devil wor ship, through Hiodooism, Buddhism, Mohommedanism up to Christianity ; his. toris cities, towns, and villages through. out the length and breadth of the land; art which, if crude, is yet distinctly of the soil, and inoludes an architeorure unique, original, in a word, Indian ; the face of the land wonderfully varied, great deserts, great plains, great rivers, vast mountains; the character of the people as varied as the land, from meek and cowardly races, the prey of every in vader, to warlike people who are only held now In subjection by the strength of the paramount power. Every branch of human thought and activity finds its repre mentative in India. The men of art, ecience or literature, statesmen, soldlers, merchants, engineers, nan .ll find a widening of their ?knowledge in the past and present of India I wu glad to leave the land, because it is neither my land nor people; but I rejoiced, and do rejoloe, at having seen it, and as I look btck, the details of almost each day's experiences are sharp and olearly outlined in my mind; but the great whole seems now to me rather as a curious dream. I seem to be looking into some etrange kalcidoscopo whioh turna eof itself, andlsee there wonderful combinations, of which the little bits of coloard glass are brightly-alad Hindoos great citise, ploturetque Himalayan villag, a, squalid tornu, magnificent buildings, river boats. elephants, camels, coolies, ubiquitous dhobles, Bcahmin priests, and a whole nau. -itude of figures, forms, faces, and place floating sorona my mental vision I haves found in travelling through var?ious parts of thes world that we' quickly forget the annoyances and dangers of travel, and remember only ltsI pleasuree; Evenso in it with India. I would not revisit that land again except to see one or two favoured spots, but the memory of what I have seen becomes increasingly a deligha. I bade farewell to Indla, and I think it is a long and final farewell, but day by day the pleasures of memory make the strange and noisy land seem pleasanter to ma eye. 