OPENZING OF NEW COUhTRY.-lt is re ported (says the "Times") from the Lands Department that the parish of Croajingo long will be thrown open for selection within six or seven weeks time. The land in Croajingolong is said to be very rich, and the climate all that can be de sired. ELEcrIoNs.-The elections for the Legis lative Council will take place in about a month's time, when fourteen seats will become vacant. The President will in the course of a few days issue writs for the election of new members, and appoint a date for the polhng. The following is a list of the retiring members :-The Hons. James Service. Melbourne Province; Dr Le Fevre, North Yarra; Sir James I'Bain, South Yarra; Sir W. J. Clarke, Southern; Dr Dobson, South-Eastern; J. Williamson, Nelson Province; W. Ross, Western; D. 11am, WellingtonProvince : W. Robertson, South Western ; . Hanna, North-Eastern; J. G. Dougharty, Gipps land Province ; W. A. Zeal, North Cen tral; W. P. Simpson, Northern; and J. Bell, North- Western Province. GAs CoxPANY.-We have received from the brokers, Messrs Marriage. Lawrenson, and Laidlaw. the prospectus of the " Tra ralgon Gas Company, Limited," which is now before the public. The provisional directors point out that the shares offer a certain investment, as shown by the enor mous increase in values in similar ventures in other towns. The sharelist will be al loted according to priority, and theretore early application is.advisable. It is pro posed to call up only half the nominal capital, which it is estimated, will be suf ficient to place the company on a thor oughly sound working basis. COctiTr.-The concert to be held on MIonday:i'ext in aid of the TraralgfiiFoot ball Club is engaging theenrnestatteritioi' of members, who have made extra efforts to compile a popular programme. The club has worked so well and earnestly tlhis season to uphold the prestige of the dis trict that the support of the public is cer-. taii to be liberally bestowed on the un dertaking. Daieos.-Geo. Lee, in his three score and ten years, was charged on Monday be fore Mr T. A. Rners, J,P., with taking a drop.'too iunishl - He was senteificed to three days' imprisonment or a fine of 10s. He preferred taking it out at Sale. . sWEsrLEras.-Rosedale.--having-been placed oin thi Traralgon Wesleyan licach ers' plan, services have been arranged to be held monthly in the Mechanics' Instit ute. On Sunday the Rev. S. Scholes con ducted .the,initial service with a gratifying measure of success, preaching-on " Christ and freethought" to an attentive and appreciative congregation. GLENOARRY PLOUGHINGO MATC:.-This meeting takes place on-Thursday, and is certain to attract a large gathering. The iudefatigable ecretary, MIr J. Bermiig hain, has .inade all arrangements for a first-class match, arnd, barring the chance of unfortunate weather, his anticipations are likely.to be amply. fulfilled. Intend ing competitors should' note that entries must be made with the secretary, at Glengarry, -by, post or otherwise, by. 8 o'clock THIS EVENING. 7 CARIROLL ?ND Co.-rWe'draw attention .to the amlended business notice of Messrs Carroll and Co., of Foster-street, Sale, from ,which it will be seen that their special clearing sale of drapery will be continued during the month of August. GLENGARRY-.-We learn from the sec retary that the members for North Gipps land, Messrs M'Lean and Harris, will be present at the Glengarry Ploughing Match on the 16th inst., unless the business be fore Parliament on that day is of such importance as to require their atten dance. S-Sr. JAMEs' SUnDAY Scaoor;-The an niversary tea meeting has been fixed for Wednesday, 22nd inst, an entertainment to follow. Further particulars will be given later on. PRICE OF WHEAT.-Owing to the in creased price of wheat in the home mar ket, there has been a hardening in Aus tralian stocks, and many sangnine specu lators expect to receive as high as 4s per bushel within the next few weeks. IT'S AN ILL WIND THAT BLOWS NOBODY ANY GOOD.-Gippslanders will be pleased to learn that the coal miners in New South Wales are to go out on strike in a fortnight, notice to that effect having been given the mineowners yesterday. It may seem unfeeling for us to rejoice over what is to the bulk of the population a grievous calamity, but its probable cut come will be to direct immediate attention to the vast coal deposits of Gippsland, which have for so long been criminally neglected by Government and capitalists. Unless a settlement is arrived at in New South Wales, Victoria's extremity may prove Gippsland's opportunity, and be. a blessing in disguise to all sections of the community. NEW BLOOD FOR WALHALLA.—Mr F. S. Carson, lately editor of the "Record," yesterday entered into possession of the " Walhalla Chronicle," which he has taken for a term of years under lease. For some time past it has been evident that the paper would benefit by a change, and we believe that Mr Carson will be found to be the right man to improve the property and bring the interests of the district for- ward. His many friends hereabouts wish him every success. SALE or LANoD.-We would draw atten tionto another important land sale which has taken place within the last few days. We learn that A. M'Lean and Co. have sold privately the Glenalladale Estate, 2100 acres, on the Mitchell, at a very good figure. BAzAAR.-Wn are requested by Father O'Donoghue to intimate that a meeting of ladies will be held in St. Mlichael's Church, Traralgon, next Friday, at 10 :.m, to ar range for the forthcoming bazaar in aid of the church funds. The Bishop will pre side. THEY SAY--That the only man who knows how to advertise properly is our popular "brick poet," who sings to one clear harp in divers tones, the inspiration of his lays being drawn from the useful though unromantic lumps of burnt clay yclept Hickox's bricks. The wideawake proprietor of pugmills and fires descended the heights of Parnassus on Thursday evening, and, laying aside his facile pen, betook himself to the circling dance. While more prosaic individuals appeared in costly fancy dresses of silks and satins, the only Hickox united business with pleasure in a startling manner by arraying himself in white cloth, relieving the sus picion that he may have .been the ghost of Stonewall Jackson " revisiting the glimpses of the moon" by having the word "bricks" printed in large black let ters on sundry parts cf his person. One irreverent joker suggested that. it should have read "breeks," in allusion to the cut of the nether garments, and another that it destroyed all romance to see "Faith. Hope and Charity,' Lily of the Valley," or "Sweet Girl Graduate" dancing with a "brick," but the advertisenient was theme all the same, and what's the use of the man who doesn't advertise F.xperience says, "He'll bust,"but we don't wish dur readers to infer that this was the reason why F. G. H.i eiled to disrobs himself shortly after the proceedings commenced. PORTErm CooK.L--We learn that £50 have been collected on behalf of Porter Cdok, who had his arm taken off recently at the Tiiralgodi iailway station. Mri Cook is to be given a position in the office. 