FillE "itilbuta &d; tibator." i''iii A-.\ LUE OF 1) ti1,i,\Iit)S. til: lllc ill the1 i toitlet, thle Iit idesuttie mthI c th l dg oll ii t oluOlrl 111 lnt er u11ch aull lllo :llllCes are eCve wItl ui and it is 11( I lSe cIutlaIIug.\ OII ject ionIabiI ilentS. e lcts l tethwiC ollvolk rlrl I'ityllt :il1 st ray curs which~l mill thle puh;liced enjoyment I:ile ll sent1 tai jluringi Iut ill bolderlS relief thle pllealsures ofll ife. Let those,. therefolre. wltlA stuck tile swee: j rantge Ill 1 ]liapply existen~e 1ttit. pat1iecelt pIith tile seedIs, and eject Thediappined pollit ician~ - till Hipl Vanl Winl wthoi opp( (Joses irr: gat intl. a11n1 the fossilized represet. Egyptian "tti Iti yllt i llt lllli tl aIl ilist thle fruit Ibus:iness. .shout not dis:turb the action of a well-balanced umind. Itu her let the' irrigatiuniist, sitting serenie miler his own vine iiand lig tree. consider the m?e?ssities of pntI ieall liif. If he is inclined to brC harslh with the sint whl o riers to raise :1 fuss because the Clhalery irlis are sucll eedii in lilling 3lil tlinu wit settlelrs. let hi remiembier that the lpoliticiani, at first, took the unpopiuliar position of llopposing tihe schlieii'. ali ithalt ithe ielectionlis are e'illll Ilng I. It nitight have been foolish il 1t4, inilit llt have.t got out f llh at illnto thel relentless river. biii Io laugh at him for grasping at straws wouiild l e both unkind autil uidignilied. Graltittudle, also. has a claim, for did iut this politician. ahon.; with others, 1,y opposing the ihlilitu i schete, and castin g retllece tions iiupon its promotiers, do imore thani aliy oue else in this countiilrv to brinig ouiit the lauo .itse of the c?l t'ililt pil:irtics. nsli adtvertise the eniterprise throughouit the wortl. It wutul ht ie i poor retlurin for iall these bInitits received. if now' the frieids of irriiation and the nimoldel colony shold refuse toi allow tihose who unuilt it sro iitmuchi :ill the help which, ini this their time of nmed. a show of cll sistel lio.till s ti i l ;ll:iii.rd. 1 There is itn orc;rsio to illnattiredily point ullt lihat 1Uhe tleegram which el was hiieted io ablout the party of settlers leavinig Londonl for M31ihdu proved tile 5sucess ulichi is a:iltleninrg the sehelme. It is more genierouis its keel)p uiet : alnd it would I he bleter policy tl assist such iimeIn Io ge ck lto tI liouse , i ' that \\\iei'e l6ssibile, fur tile rienids of the sclhetie., ;ll llthoughl \\\'cl IIell illg elIliIoughl, Iie cnllilpar:tively lipoor lihands ait adver tisi.g tlie, irrigalioni coluniy. And sso i'lith ile inldividual itlh is ever ready I dlig tilo tle cotlrpses if airgi niientts ;against irrigation in geteral. lh .s-lhould lie re.giardCed t fr Imlre ill i ty lihan in incger. Illow dulli anii unprolthilitable thie qitestiion would lbecome ithllmti the aid uof llles. alitliquated pl eiiiueills. Tihe indi vidual wlho recetitly burst tupon tlhe woirld, t lrougl a Mellibourie weelily, withli tlie discovery tiilt irrigalutit ind caused the deserts of Africa atid Asia l31inr.i o *.lluld le hailedl ars a frieiid atnid irutlier liy all tilise who ire icnti'ersted inli tie l;ter qiies lion. Without such f-ssil remains it would nit lihe deceit to oint oiiut Io lthe iitelligent pubilici thait an oasis is caused liy itielra' Id a diesert lv tlhe albset ? ie ofi it : but iitli suctl a good moulnhly relic on lhaid, vyou lhave an excuse to begin thlel hole stiory iover a;.ain. 'iThe sale dilli ctulty would arise in connection witll tlie fruit aii vine liusiless if lihe ghosts of hiuried tlhjectiotns did not lpersist in visiting lthe glimiipses of thle liiooiI. .lust as ithings begin ii o get a little iionoitonouls, anid you think the last word lhas been said aliout the inodertn system (it' intliense culture. ;i gneiine and unsoplihisti eatred enieilloilnniet ol the dark ages is sure to turn up smiling, with '- Wlati shall we do withi our fruit f" ".The trees aire so long in hearing : or " Tlie huisiniess ill be over-done." You can tell liy the look in his eye itliat lie is not joliing, antid wit would tlink of beinig ianlgry? Let uis lie eahliu, retieiheicrinig that all thiesc things hlave been wisely ordered. 