The Way of the Wind. 11V TiOUKKT KliWAliJ) "FBA^'Cri-TlOi"", :[ln tin; London Mlmanac for 1888.j 'CHAPTKH HI, I T is well-nigh farther flianThe; mind can reach from where the Adelaide went down to the village of "LuTicetuoor, where ■{at least in outer seeming) <peaec and quiet reigned, from year's end -to year's end, supreme. But that is nothing to the -unspeakable -distance between Hie mind -of one who had said farewell to that peaoefui Eugtoib village six years ago and that of him who was .now returning- Wlw, « single year may be an age—two, an eternity. For I had been singled wit tone«he«ole survivor of that terrible storm. That last moment had come just when an attempt was made to launch the boats; a desperate attempt, for the waves, tlwugh they had spent their first, strength, wore --stiSl awrtlwsg mountains high under which half tlie deck lay buned. In the general rush <up<w deck and towards tin- boats I was -careful l-o hold back to the last, because, tlwugh 1 had something once \- more to five tfor, to 'be'-fclie'lfrftwas only-less mv place than the captain's. The txwts were « filled and what became of them,and iberoen . and women that crowded tlietn—but I cannot write of that. 3t is move awful, by far to i have been the survivor of such-a wreck than among its -victims. How 1, aud i alone, was i found still-alive among'tbe broken fragments \- of the Adelaide when, after two long nights, »the sea -had become one broad and brilliant ■V smile again—that, also, belongs to the realms of- nightmare, i, I -alone, had been saved by \- ft vessel that had nearly run foul of the wreek. ■And 1 suppose 1 ought to have been grateful. ■ Jju( how can one be grateful when one thiliik* oTxliose -who have -ttot been-saved in a ■ .common shipw reck, and yet bad-quite-as good . -,-si-iltt. in 4ib--as lie, -if not-a better? ' H was "hard, "however, not to believe that any special rescue was not meant in some .manner to assert the demands of justice: , \- justice -to me, as the victim of a monstrous V wrong, and Just ice to Itiin who had thus been ■- enabled to iirtke reparat ion before lie died. D _ Jift look like something wiore than a -cornel- | -deuce that he and I should have been brought , ^together in so improbable a manner, and that Mie should have been impelled to make con- , \- fessioti -tff 4hs-crime almost at the twelfth hour, j It was justice even-more to him than to me : \--to the wronger even more lhati to the wronged. ; T had learned that Lucy Maynard was still -.'.unmarried, and that there was.no talk of Iter vheuoming other than Lu-ay Maynard. Of \-- course tliut meant mulling. Site was not likely i.tocl.wve remained single for the sake of one whom all but the law held to he the meanest ■of criminals. Still, it would be simpler to -clear my name in the sight of Lucy Maynard ; than of any other Lucy, and to prove that she J hnfS-'.iot .promised herself, in old times, to one who had 'hem to on worthy as the world be lieved him lobe. Kenriek's-caufession (some what move in detail than I have written it) •was full enough to enable me to make every . thing clear ; and it was she who hod the first . right to know that she had not cared for the \- meanest and -most sordid of criminals, even ■ though she had torn me out of her heart, and -cared for ine no more. 1 should return to my I islands with an actual zest, in the knowledge -that! was otiee snore the Stephen she had • loved in Lucy Maynard's grey eyes. J reached Lanceinoor Place, just beyond the \- village, in such wise as to avoid recognition by « any old parishioners, and raug the clatleriug '• bell, which eel. Jiiy heart beating so that the • clatter Of the bell was drowned, ft didaiot. give mv own name to the servant, who, to my relief,'was a stranger tome. 1 sent, in word tliut a Mr. Stephen wished to see Miss Muy . nurd. How shall I tell how strange it was to . stand waiting there while I was being an .jiounced as a stranger to the girl who was to -have been my wife; it was all like a wild c-dreain—wilder ithun that scene-on board the ^'Adelaide, No, I cannot even try. If any \--...pen,.-nil unpractised as it is, failed-me when •.'trying vto *»peak -of a mere shipwreck, how L-'m'uch snore, a tltousaiid times more, must it s-fuil memoir'.! 85very pulse-stroke, every lieart-' t beat liarl i -Irad felt six years ago came back to . me wiili tenfold force. No. the Capricorn 'flsluuds'had .not liat-dooed tny nerves to steel. I -was shown into ifihe -drawrir.g-nwtn, foil of ; freshness and iflowers. Miss Maynard would see me presently. I hardly knew whether I wished that she should not keep me waiting a , ■ niuiiieiit, or whether for a whole two, fort ; - moKiouls at such times aio prodigious things. Presently I heard the faint rustle of a \- woman's dress. Hut no—it passed the door. And then—why is something certain to go \- -wrong at such times ?—not she, but another, \--visitor was -shown into the room. I wosald i'liave given a year of my new life to see her for -.the first time alone : and now Great Heaven ! My eyes and his met—it was Oswald Kenrick, unless ghosts of the -drowned tvtuvn. 11 ut even as the eight of him startled me, so itiiust my vesyrys-aTatiee in life have startled 'him ; for lie also must have believed himself .the sole survivor of the Adelaide. It was strange that my first start should have been • colored by live old repulsion. But that evil . eolor lasted but a moment. I held out both my . hands to him who had once been my bitterest -onemy, and who, in the face of death, bad .Become my best friend. -"Ivem-vek," I said eagerly, "7 am 110 ghost —are yon ? Though indeed I could almost .-think that I am." But he had not taken my f band and then it struck me, with dismay, -Thai fhe new life his -repentance had given me would mean shame to him. " Don't think I am going to be ungrateful," I went on quickly, following impulse, and Idling him hear me think aloud. " Vbu know my etorv—it was you who told it -me. .... We must ho friends henceforth and for ever, you and I. I .am Stephen Lake, onee rector of Lancemoor. _ _ . But I want no vengeance, Heaven /knows. I want uo reparation even—except to i be put riglit before one pair of eyes before I go hack lo my work again. I have a right to Abut ; but " For what seemed a long time he regarded me slowly. " Reparation ? " he asked, as if he had never heard the word before. "Yes—you might think I lint 1 would con \- deniu you to the life to which I have been . condemned : I can read your mind, Kenrick. You are thinking of how you can best set me right with the world, I hough (o your own ruin. kBelieve me, tliere is no need. Your repent ance is enough for yourself—your sorrow is enough for ine. Only tell her—Lucy Maynard, Ahst you know me to be guiltless, and " " You are Stephen Luke, who destroyed "Miss Maynard's uncle's will ? " " Who was tried for destroying it, you -.mean ? I am he." " And you ask me to clear you ? " " Surely—to Mies Maynard," said I, with no misgiving, but with some surprise. " When I know you to he guilty ? I have .only one answer to that: No." For a moment his answer, so appallingly .unexpected, took my breath away. If it were -a jest, it was a strange one; and a strange time for jesting. ■Jiut it was in no jesting tone that he went on. " I should hardly have thought to meet you "here," said he, coldly and distantly. " Do -you want money—for your mission ? If so, I .shall hare no objection to help you—on your ^return to the field of your labors. But Miss Maynard must not be troubled, by you or any «ian." A more terrible fear came over inc. Could the honor of that shipwreck have deprived him of memory? But no—1 could not look -at liitti for a iiwiinent, or hear his voice, and think him insane. He was absolutely the same Oswald Kenrick 1 had known on board the Adelaide, save during that 6cason of terror. Or had he been mad then ? No—nor was that to he thought of : unless repentance, and remorse, and passionate desire to repair one's wrong-doing, arc insane. " Kenrick," said I, " is it possible that you think of denying what passed between you, death, and me ? Jio—that is the one thing I lint is impossible. You pTayed for life that you might repair a •great wrong of which you passionately repented - with which you dared not faco eternity. That life Iras been marvel lously given to you. And it is not much you have to do—only to let a woman know that the man who loved her was not " " The wreck must hove sent you out of your senses 1* a&id; he. " What passed between us? A great wrong? Would you be good enough to explain ? " There was no mistaking Ins tone now, or tire dark: look on bis face, that was half a threat and half a sneer. "Oswald Kenrick, you are a villain!" I exclaimed liolly. " Your repentance was cowardice; now that you no longer fear death ■yon bnve no fear of . . Bue you are mis taken if you think that I am going to suffer for your villainy. It has become my right and my duty to clear myself before the world, since you no longer think it yours to clear me before Her." " Indeed 3 1 suppose it would be useless for me to aA you bow you intend to proceed ? " " You may ask wbat you please,** [ answered; for my wrongs, and bis unheard-of villainy, bad fairly carried me away. " You have told me quite ■enough to put me on-the track, and to unravel the whole maze. And I shall-not rest until I hare cleared myself; and as for you—well, one does not skew mercy to tigers aud wolves** " An fxoelltnt plan," said lie, M and no doubt, with proper skilled assistance, as prac- i tical as it is hold. Indeed, I see no fault in it, anywhere, but one." " And tliat ? " said I. " Is—that a Priest does mot betray ■& Peni tent," said Oswald Kenrick, looking me straight in the eyes, ea tbat mine fell. " Con fession," he added quietly, " is a sacred thing." And, before I could raise my eyes, Lucy Mavnard entered the room. It was despair. Picture my condition, if you can ! I had been lifted out of the depths -. I bad been raised oooe more to the heaven of hope, nay, of certainty ; nay, when I first met Oswald Kenrick at Laneemoor- plaee I felt, by anticipation, all the gratitude that would be due to his heroic reparation of hie wrong, and no anxiety save to spare him as much as pos sible, more, perhaps, than would be just, from the consequences of his repentance. And now —it was as if Heaven itself were mocking: from the height to wliich I '.tad been lifted. I was dashed down into the uttermost depths once more. How I left the room I know not. I remem ber stammering a few incoherent words—I know not what they were ; I remember hear ing a voice and, for a moment, touching a hand that I had never thought to hear or touch again : would to Heaven that I never tead touched or heard again—that 1 had remained buried among my islanders, body and soul, till the end of my days. After all, what did it signify what she thought of the manners of oue wlwm site held to be a felon ? Of what account was it what Oswald Kenrick might say to her of me when 1 was gone? Cul it did signify, it was of great account, that I must carry back with me to the Islands a doubt of the justice of Providence; a sense of the blackest despair. (To be continued). 