A Ramble Taroagii Bonis Tin- 1 settlod MaUsG Goumtry, i Br " TaATDiLE " The tsauso efr Sna, Rsil is mueb bettor ! kvii»w<i Urn eiihaV x\p to??nsb;.p useif or tb«a ! P.Svrtot ia wbjvh it etaddi;. Situated as it is oa the Murr y, u .reat di-icce from the railway, is uas ia the pas- hadcommuuicatioa with the lare c ntr.-, of Vicio ian uopniatiou cbicfly by tbe fctoambufttb, which run up and down the rivtr, and tias, ip. cooKqnence, made bus slow progress i bac a? it will eoou have the railway' at its' dopes, acd the laud th oughout ?he greater portion .of fhe; digtrict is of good quality, it m&y; reaaoi'rablF b? expected to g- ow rapidly in 'he futpre, and wilt prcbabiy be come ope of the mosf pop ilous and prosperous of up-couutry as, ia addition to the vast resources tha it wi'l hs ve to draw' upon in the surrounding coun ry, it will uudoutited y jico ceoure a Rrge ahar- o; she river" Dad. At present but little Gppiog is dene, the cost cf freightage being too heavy to admit of grain being leinuoeratlvely grown, but the laud is ss w jii adapted for cultivation as most that is fpu id iu tita northern areas, c>?id wii doubfle6« be .largely Urvi for t is io the future. A gcoi , deal of grnz'ng ii done, however, and the flats atimnd the township are thsckiy gsareed, and fatten etock very quickly dunog the «iat r and sprirs. Tbe diatricE ie also a su table one for preening, and paxticularly, I would jodge, toy-' the pro. dust- ion of v'nes and orange, The latrxr are grocsn in places no nd are of very fine e ze aad qanHty, As the Murray Downs ihe trees are veiy heaDby t.rjd of large 3iz9. were loaded with fruit last season. I a aH probability the proc- action of oranges Srr.d a V> «- « fan if a »h » 1 1 Da -am.. eiiiiUtai liur-a wijl 1UIU extensively when tfcerailway line fr ;m Iverang is completed. One of my greatest hordes for the future of the Swan Hill district, however, is centred in tha large area of eose.-iD-d maiDe coat-try which lies io fairly close proximity to it, and through a great ceai of vrhich I travelled on a short tout of inspeC 'On recent?. The publication of a few notes nide during ray tonr should be of interest to farmers generally Uu:il quite recently ibis mallee land was regarded as almost worthless and a nuisance to the district, instead of a blessing, »b account of tbe harbour it provided for tbo«e great pests of the agriculturist &nd; grazier, I the rabbits and dingoes.' In it both found ! shelter during the day, and from it they cams | forth at sight — the one to work destr action in i the vegetable, ans the other in the aninal kiogdom. But a tow yere ago and hob.dy would have thonght ir; vortb while to select it on any conditions whatever, but now all is altered, and as soon as the railway corns? the se'thre will folio and after them will c;me the uprooting of this scrub and he cultivation cf the laud. The Chaffiy Bros, will undoubtedly profit largely ouf o> tse Mildura property, aud their gain will in r ue way be the loea cf the colony ; but wh?.n we consider thas th»y have proved tbat m«sy asiliions of ac ei cf land, wtiich at ore time were regaled ae dear at any price, are, a-: de; proper treatment, of grest value, then it must, b- a / mi teed that thecolony is, after aU, a very grtar: gaiuer by the agreement entered into with them. The beet parts of the malice wculd have been cultivated whether th" Chaff y irrigation ;colosy had been founded or hot, but I am very doubtful as to whether the infeiinr portiors of it would have been or not, or, if so, whether is would have been for many ye;irs to come. ' ' Tbe mallee country' which is found in the Swan Hill district is very similar, taken on the whole, tc that v?hioh stretohea away around past Wa?racknabeal and Dimboola to the South Australian border, Tha malDe ia not so high as around the former place, neither ia any of the eoil so rich a¥ 4ome of that near Lake Hiodmareh, but then there is not so much poor land, aud this compensates tr the , other. The scrub is not very high, but is very dense, and in prts almost impenstrabls Here and there thtoughout it, however, are fine reaches of open c untry usually' coveted with baloke trees. It is a dreary ride through this class of country. Even now persons get bushed in it eccasional'y, an-i only ;v<toct. of it vri?h much j difficulty. Many a po -r fellow bee periah«id" in it before to df>y — ho ?/ many wili never be known This asdlee appears particularly weirJ and loudly by niaht, and he vrho can camp on its dgr\ as I have frequently do e; and listen to the dingoes howling, aud the crckline of twigs as the rabbi'B have, like ghosts, flitted to apd fro, must have vers strorg nerves indeed it he doss not feel this to be so Fifty years hence the children sf the eettlers in this part will hear with wonder of what a barren waste It once was, tor long before then this district will uudfoub edly be a very prosperous one, and this mallee land will be peopled with hundreds of families- The soil is good, and there ia a super abundance of water for irrigation purposes flowing past the land, and there is nothing to keep the district from ultimately going ahead. But I must return to my description of the mallee lands in the Swan Bill district. The fringes are not quite so good, I think, as they are farther west or south -west- In many narts there are none, the mailer- butting right on ta the plains. T:iis will make it very difficult for th? first settlers to obtain graea for their stock, tbc-s in the Wimmera' district having made a good df al of use of tbe opso and geer-Iiy fai'ly grassed fringe la»d: tor grazing their bosses and bvUloek? upcni whilst themiilos i??elf was bsixsg got unde?| cultivation. But it there is a smⅈ drawback 1 in one respect, there re advar.tuges ia otbar : directions. For inetncr, if maUee f rings is: no' so plentiful, neither ia light sandy soil. There are patches of such land certainly, of them very large( but I am of the opinion that when the country is settled it will be fonnd that, taken oa the whole, they are neither so plentiful and large as axouud to the south-west in the West Wimmera. Another advantage that vhe district possesses ia in being so much closer to a permanent supply ot sunning water, available for irrigation purpos e, than those lying near the South Australian border, around Nhi 1, Kamva. and su h p acee. It is doubtful to me whether the nisbee lands in parts ox the West Wimmera can b8 irrigated. They are very awkwardly situated anyhqw, and if they ever are irrigated, it will certainly not be for many yesrs to come. There c >n b'e no such doubt, however, about the mailed country particularly referred to in this article, This can be irrigated pretty easily, and at no very groat cost. WJicc irrigation e rnes, as I believe it is bound to, this oonntcy, therefore, though no better than that lying farther weef , will at pneo ftlmo-t become much mors al uabls and socsh sf tor .than that which is without irrigation. Lawana or mallee hens are very pleuiiful in the Bcrob around . here. The mon who can succeed in do masticating these birds will, in my opinion, make a f jitune. In th© first place Ihey are l6?get j aod their fl«sh is said t< < be \ n f.<vfc,e» aad tenuer. la toio isscohi place j much larger than hen's £,5g«j ' a.- 3 r.chsr iu flavour &lzo.; Perhxpa soaas | c-ne ad! succeed ia taming seme of thoci I s tha lu&Uts; is iniira densely popui tftdr I than at r resent, Aa th'-re is nothing in the way, of m lee ! clearing and f&rinmg; to describe in coulee 'ion wit-b ths tnailee country refcried to iti this btfee, 1 must now bricg" it to a close My obj ct has been to show that \ his country is g od, ©nd well worthy of being settled r.pon wueu she district1 is tobre cpenCd up thao at prssent, and if I have succeeded in doirg ' shi to the sutistoc ion of the readers of ' "The j Weekly Timre," I will be satisfied | r,"V >- -- J . 