VIVISMS. B x the aotchob of ' Mx La.ut Coquette.' BOOK V. CHAPTER Jir. ' How fair is the fairest breast ; How little worth, if true, * ud who would wish posscssM What all must scorn or rue s'' \WU mij'it BLiuc'ie tin Verdreuil iuive 4rf-mbleJ bad she kuovm tlie precipice on winch she s'Oml, biit a* yet --be was ignorant oM-er -ian,,'«'r, 'iidg.v in» thought to the futu c in lior reckl--£d euj -yment ol i lie pre sent. »Sf-e !ia*k«J in the .sunshine ftf ll ..ttery, slu- it »iuig«*-l iu every wrnitua iMfirice and idle iftticy tiial pleased her, and the. la«.iei» splf iid-jur aiid courtly magnificiMU'e. nhii'h weiv themes of uni«ur&al; wonder and re mark She live J in a world of magnificence and beauty, whose treasures gold bad purchased jg^f^^ftTr^iur. There were uone to -gainsay her -?T wisl.es, to deny her whims; no language but that of fla«tery and subservience reached her ears; do harsh truths or disagreeable coun se)s disturbed her wind. She had sold liei self to pleasure and to s-iu, and she sot the full price of her birfroiu. Not oijp stin«j of remorse e'er pierced ih« silken folds of her robe's or sheathed ns sharp point iu »he deli cate bosom ; a nature sineped in selfishness, j warped by Bin and shame, what was thereto eoften or recall her to better impulses or purer thoughts ? She lived for th« world, and tbe world idolized her, and gave her all she asked of it. It she bad hours of satiety, of weariness, or exhaustion, noi:e knew of them, none suspected them- She laughed and jested, and defied- all care, and lier beauty was glorious as ,ever, aini her power greater. For she had wealth and dignities now, and even, tbe great onps of the world, who had once been ehy of receiving her because of the mystery of her past, the ; uncertainty oi tier own birth and rank-, no». ' welcomed her as an equal, aud sought her as ' a friend. Tea! Blanche de Yeidreuil had her fill of triumph, and she never thought that her sceptre might fall from her grasp — — ' that her kingdom, might crumble into dust and ashes at her feet. When her year of widowhood had ex pired, and she had come to dazzlG and de light the world of Paris with her wealth aod her beauty, curious voices asked, and curious tongues epoke of Vivienne St. Maurice, her beautiful ward; and by little and lutl the questioneers heard a strange (.ale of tlie fair girl, whose beauty bad startpd and 'iewi*ohed them all for one whole season. The rumour went that she bad fle-i stealthily .and se.-n-tly from her guardian's house with a youni: Italian singrr, and, whether true or not, th*- world could not stop to qut-rtiun or cav-l a it. She wob gone : tbst was »!1 they coult) tell, aud all they cared for at present. ' Sp Bjanchn reigned wilhout a rival, and (^s5»''*'*^^;mum^ieoL without an effort, and, if rcmttu brance ever camo to her, it was in her soli tude wheo iSi,one hnew or could hear of it . and her kingdom ot evil seemed to her oii'v a kingdom of good. It -was spring-time iu Paris, a-td {\t*.liion' reign had commenced onee in '»-i-. Tit«-»r were laughter ar. d mirth and frstiviir in tfie air, and rich Jolioge in ihw woixlp .tii-! pleasure-garden -=.'. and a wealth f»f bl's oni*-iu balconies and willows. Tjie rrtjjn of plea-» e bad commenced u?xi^$au^$%mA :!ie tiui--.i ?? .-* of fashion were thrsngiiij; tGi&PknurX.; Among the costly equi|Mgp?, as in liie time when Vivienna had first LHie'd t:ic glories of Per:siau life, came that of Ujanchi de Verdreuil — only more costly, m.- re splendid than of vore, with its prai.cmg horses, its gorgeous liverits, its eiested . panels, and its beautiful occupant. Icauin;* j ' ' ' back amongst the cushions with the languor i and dignity of an empre^o. A crowd w:»-! around — and mixed and heterogeneous mul titude of all ranks and grades of life, for it was a late- day in Paris. Ajs her carriage was stopped for a moment in its progress, her eyes Bwept neligenily over tbe faces around. Ska saw a tuna among them whose gaz*1- was fastened on her with a look which fascinated her, which com pelled her eyes to meet it. Slowly hea face blanched to tbe ashy hues of sickening terror; she gazed as one might, gaze on the dead now risen from the grive where it has been laid (»? rent. The fmile* died on her lips, the lijjbt faded from her eyes ; Blanche de Yerdreuil looke/i like the ghost oi the bright, beautiful creature she had been only a moment before. -— - — Then the carriage dashed on : the face she had seen was lost amongst 1 be crowd. \- f Life and thought and memory came back to * \ her. But ber white lips shook, and she ?t muttered to herself, 'The game is played out j | now ; I am lost !' ' , Once — twice the C- ..utess de Verdreuii'e carriage made the circuit of the Bois. ? She j emiled and bowed and jested, light-hearted j as ever to all appearance. None could read j the agony she suffered, the tortures she j endured ; for a great horror enfolded her, i.- — and ail peace was over-for evermore. Her fciJjiS?''? ^® would be branded with shame ; the world fr ??' she had fooled so successfully wonld soon * know her es, she was — her dignities, her possessions migkt all be wrenched from her by a single word. The future would be accursed from this day forward. Sbetouched the check-string of her carriage and ordered it back to her hotel. And .still, in her passage through the bright streets and fashionable thoiough fare?, she was met and recognized, snid gave greetings in return, and none knew .that the anguish and terror within her heart were bo intolerable that she could have Fereained out in her fear and horror of what was to come. Kb murderer pursued by the ghost of his victim could hare known a worse horror and shuddered -with a deeper fear lhau she did. Trem-jiing. heart-sicfc, desperate, she reached the shelter of her spleneid home, /''*' and fled to 'lift solitude of her room. Wbat.-Bhould -she do ? Plans,' wild, vague, aud confused, rushed through her b-ain — gome dismissed immedi ately, others pondered, and one at least decided upon. Witb lightning swiftness her orders were given and carried out. If all wondered, none -dared to disobey. Ere nightfall the Countess de Verdrenil had left Paris and returned tolteuongeux. ' CliAPTEE IV. FAX. WOESE THAK AST OEA.TH. ' A devil rises in ray heart Far worse than any death to me.™ ' Was I not right ?' The. question wais put to Carlo Viotti by R;ionl, as they again met after a nrief absence. The Italian, still doubting that his wife Jived that she could be identical with the woman who had wronged his benefactor, bad gone to Paris for »he sole reason of cmivineing bime-cif of the truth, lie had but just re turned frrtu» his jnurnc-y. He b'id ^een fthe face of his traits ess: be had t-een her in her sovereignty of beauty and triumph and wealth, lie knew !?«»?? sigiiiii ; lie knew too, ib it she had duped and cheated him for her onii ends Slit- wi-hed 'jirn to believe her dead in older t!-at sh« uii^hlbe free «(» marry a«:iin without ihedrca-1 «if di.-coveiy. She had trusted to chance to befriend In r, and liitberto she had been safe. He never for one mntneut bad -iou»»ed tho fact of ber death frmn the time her n essa^e reac'ied him, and her ring had ben given to him ; aud even Haoiil's |jniob h;id nut been suffi cient to shake lhar belief, till under tbe green aisles and rich foli:i«e of the Bois de Boulogne be had seeu her throned in the splendour and clothed nirb the honours she had won by treachery and deceit, a It » as enough: he had seen her f.ice again. He needed n»iLin^ more yet. He returned to Raou' de Verdreu'l, where he awaited i-im m the Austrian capital, whither his official ciliiii; required his presence — retucned, ready uuw to b.-iu^ forward all his proofs aud hold up to the ecorn of tbe world she had cheated vo long, the woman who had wronged him. Haoul de Verdreuil knew tbat Blanche would not give up easily all she had gained. The proofs of her marriage must be forth, coming first, aud after so long a lapse of time it would be no easy matter to obtain them. The task, however, Carlo Viotti set himself resolutely to achieve, and, having decided upon a plan of action to be followed out, he left Jtnoul and went on his search alone. Blanche de Verdreuil nped not have fled f;oin Paris iu such alaitn. Her husband bad no present intention of confronting her with her crime, or publishing her stiame. Horror-struck, indignant, as be was at the thought of his own great wrongs, it was for Baoul he fell the deepest pily. He had be--n to him as an angfl of light sent to guide bis erring *teps to truth and rectitude once more: 011 him Ite had. lavished all +,h«=i worship and devotion of his warm southern nature. For him he would have deemed no sacrifice, too grt at, no service loo hard ; and when he thought that tbe guilty wife, who had wrecked his own life and poisoned all hi« own trust in honour aud faith, was also the traitress who had robbed and wronged his benefactor, his indignation and wrath kji-v.' no bounds. To hurl her from the etninpuee she had gained by treachery and k- pi by sin — this was the one thought; in his mii id now, and in his thirst for vengeance h-. forgot all the Jove he had once borne her. Retribution fired his heart and armed bis hand ; and to that end and for that purpose he irt himself , to irork out her destruction, £ r^cifiil or' all else. Oi' di' tie that had once bound them, the lo»e that had been to him as the dream of a new life, be never thought now. All pity, all compassion, was swallowed up by the wrath and indignation that filled his heart when he thought how he bad been duped and clie-» ted all these years past. He bad wakened out of a fool's paradise, and then given himself up to despair, while she — she had laughed at her easv victory. She bad fooled him only too effectually, and had ghen herself up to the pleasures or a new life ; she had spared none, she had denied herself do siujjle thing all her life through, m) that she might win enjoy meal. She had forsaken all duty, fiad known neither loyalty to !ove nor eespect to honour, and yet all tint pleasure and wealth and gold could give b»-l been hers. Such are tbe wages of sin! All 'favours of chance and circumstance had served her well, and been used by her unsparing)}7. She had had -no pity for youth, no remorse for wrong 5 and yet she had triumphed so long — 1so long! But the triumph was over now £'her reign was past and done wiih, and the very uncertainty of how or when the. !»low would fall upon her, made her life oae of torture and agony un bearable. Since the day ber husbnnd's face had met her eyes in the crowds of Paris, Blanche de Verdreuil bad known no peace or rest. She was haunted by a Nemises terrible and relentless; sha was pursue! by a phantom awful and yet intaugible. She fled from Paris to Benougeux to avoid it eren for a day. Her whole thought now was to elude the danger that threatened her, and her only safety seemed in flight. At Epnoneeux sbe thought again of her plan? . She was a woman of fertile invention, of many resources, and she taxed all her powers now in this the hour of her greatest peril. Sometimes she thought of buying the silejace of this man. She had wealth enough to tempt him, surely. At another time she resdlyed to defy his claims, to refute them boldly, and defy all proof anS identifica tion. What was there in common between the beautiful, haughty Countess de Ver dreuil and the simple -obscure novice at tbe convent at Napoule? Who could prove them to be tbe eaine 2 And, again, all evidences of her marriage must have been lost long eroce. 'The priest who had married them had been an old man,- he must be dead by this time- If she took a high standing-, 11 gne retased to recognize or allow that this man was her husband, she might yet he safe. Her word would have more weight than his. Only she dreaded fiat Baoul might hear of tbis — Raoul, who was a foe at once relentless and cruel. He wMoin of all she bad ever wronged she dreaded most, and who would expose her infamy to- the world as mercilessly ap she bad robbed him of his heritage. If they should '«ver meet — she shuddered 'at the thought of tbe possibility, whose danger she never exaggerated, for Baonl's word and influence would carry a weight of truth with them which her husband' aloae could never possess; and no bribe, no pleading, would «rer soften bis heart or turn aside his purpose — that she knew. {to be continued.) 