A Superstitious Old Man " Ole Pete Derapsey," as lie is familiarly called (says Texas Sifiitiffs), is a queer-looking old inan -with a frost-bitten expression of countenance, who enjoys considerable popularity in Austin, Texas, on account of bis skill in predicting bad weather and in doctoring horses. Sam Handle is a comparative stranger in Justin, being:a new arrival,whoiaeceptical about religious matters, and is noted for the insulting candour with which he expresses liis opinions. Tbeso two, with several others,.wero seated in the shade in front of a livery stable discussing such matters of national importance as the dusty condition of the Austin boulevards, how the negroes wero going to vote next elec tion, &c.; Finally, the"conversation drifted to Bob Tngorsoll, spiritualism, and kindred topics. '•'Some folk," says old Pete, "believes iri omens comiu' true, and when I think of the many miraculous things I've seen X don't wonder they believes in'em." The stranger smiled scornfully, and observed that there was one coincidence about omens which was veryrcinarkable. Uncle Pete disked what particular coincidence that was. " When I hear an ugly old man with a ,wart on his chiu say that he believes in ghosts and the like, it is always oremarkablo coincidence that it aiu't long before he lauds in the lunatic asyltim. Believin' in omens is a sure sign that softening of the brain has sot in." As the stranger looked straight at old Petp, and as the latter had a wart about as big as a thimble on his chin, tho remark savoured of personality. However, old Pete did net recent it. He was as quiet as a bowl of clabbec. ■ " Well," said the old man, " Idon't supposo one omen amounts to much, but when there is a concatenation of two omeus—I mean when one oinen comos at peryliellion with another omen, as we astronomers say; that is one omen charges a man in front and simultaneous like a second omen charges him at tho rear—then ho is a gone coon." ""What sort of drivel is that, anyhow?" asked the stranger, with a sneer. : Wa!. I'll give yer an instance. About 20 years ago there was a man named Smackers btoppiu' with me. He was as healthy, a man as you ever see. He was eatin' his breakfast one Friday raormn'. He happened to knock over the salt-cellar.- That's two omens in peryhelllon. They concaternate, you see, mid before night that man was dead." Tbe listeners had become interested. '' Drop dead of heart disease ?'' asked one. "No." " What killed him, then ?" " The otnens was the cause of it, but he fell off a scaffold and broke his neck." " Couldn't that have happened on any other day?": . " No; that was the day'set by the, judge. " "What judge?" " You see the • unfortunate man was under sentence of death when he knocked over the salt. Hs was eatin' his last breakfast. I was the sheriff, and the day before I saw a rabbit run. across the road, and X knew ." " Ton are a fraud," said the stranger, jump ing to his feet. In less than five minutes Old Pete had mauled that stranger so that his own mother: might have passed him on the street in the broad glare] of the noonday sun and not recognised him. < "Yes," observed Old Pete, calmly, as they removed tbe injured man to the nearest drug store, "I was afeared somethiu' unpleasant was. goin' to happen, for last night I dreamt' about snakes, and that always means troub'e." 