! CATHOLIC DIOCESE OF HOBART. I « On Monday evening last, September 24, nearly the whole of the priests of the diocese of Hobart assembled at the Archiepiscopal Palace, Hobart, for the annual Retreat and olding of the Diocesan Synod, A few were prevented from being present owing to their having to attend to sick duty or parochial work, and some were absent from the diocese on leave, The Retreat was conducted by the Rev. W. Hughes, S.J., of Melbourne. The lectures given were solid and learned, evincing much fertility of thought and happiness of expression, and were the cause of much pleasure to those present. The Retreat was continued until Thursday night last, on which 'evening' a session' was held preparatory' to the opening of the Synod. At this gathering the Synodal officers were named and certain Diocesan de- crees formulated. The officers of the Synod were The Very Rev. Dean Beechinor, of Launceston, and the Very Rev. J, Noone of Latrobe, promoters ; Rev. Dr. ' Gleeson, secretary; the Rev. John Murphy, of Franklin, judge of causes; the Revs. P. Hennebry, of New Town, and T. Kelly; Campbell Town, masters of ceremonies ; Rev. E. Walsh, of Deloraine, notary ; the Very Rev. Dean Beechinor,' assistant priest at Archbishop's Mata ; Revs. J, J. McKernan, of Longford, and J. Feehan, of Oatlands, deacons; the Revs. J. O'Regan, of Brighton, M. G Horan, St. Joseph's, Hobart, P. O'Reilly, of Port Cygnet, and B. Murphy, of New Norfolk, cantors. ' At 7 o'clock yesterday morning the clergy assembled at the palace and went in procession to St. Mary's Cathedral, where the loss of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by His Grace the Archbishop elect of Hobart, at which the clergy present received the Holy Communion, Immediately after mass the Synod was held, at which the various officers discharged their prescribed duties. The priests present recited alternately the verses of the 68th Psalm, after which the Archbishop recited the Litany of the Saints, the cantors mean- while chanting. Towards the end of the litanies the Archbishop rose with crozier in left hand and blessed the Synod. The Gospel proper to the day was then sung by a priest in Dalmatia, and the Archbishop followed with the intoning of the hymn " Veni Creator Spiritus." That was also taken up and continued by the cantors, after which the ARCHBISHOP gave an address to the priests present. The PROMOTER asked the Archbishop to allow the Decree of the Council of Trent, on making the profession of faith, to be read. The AitCHuisiior having given his consent, the SERETARY (Dr. Gleeson) read the decree. The Secretary, standing at the altar, then read the profession of faith, the priests kneeling, the Archbishop remaining seated, after which His Grace took the oath prescribed in the profession of faith, and received the oaths of the priests, still kneeling. At the conclusion of this ceremony Dr. Gleeson proceeded to the pulpit, and read to the congregation portions of the Decrees of the Provincial Council of Sydney. The PROMOTER then requested that the names of the priests should be read out by the secretary of the Synod. In compliance with that request, the SECRETARY read the names, and the priests responded in order, those who were absent Being excused as having legitimate cause, The PROMOTER also requested the notary of the Synod to take down a record of the proceedings and com- mit them to the archives of the diocese, which request the notary promised faithfully to carry out. At the request of the pro- moter the secretary next read the decree for the termination of the Synod, and the Archbishop imparted his blessing. The Acclamations to God were then chanted by the cantors, in serial tone, after which the Te Deum was sung. The Promoter advanc- ing to the alter and read to the people the Papal rescript empowering the Archbishop to grant an indulgence to the assembled faithful. the mitre and crozier in hand the Archbishop read the prescribed player, and granted the indulgence, Immediately afterwards the assembled clergy formed themselves into processional order, the masters of ceremonies repeated the words " Let us retire in peace," and the clergy took up the response in the name of Christ. All then retired to the sacristy in the same order as that observed in ordering, and the session of the Synod was terminated. The clergy yesterday engaged the hospitality of the Archbishop, elect, and to- day they will disperse and return to their several districts, ^^_^___^__^_ 