ECHOES AMD RE-ECHOES. THE BURIAL OF THE GLENELG GUN. [By Huqh; Kalypxus.j It was a touching sight was the burial of the great gun of Glenelg, The funeral barge bore it from Port Adelaide over the heaving bosom of the main, and those who accom panied it were heaving too (sighs). Reverently the huge silent corpse was borne to the beaoh, and the tide tenderly went out upon impor tant business, unable to restrain its foe lings —it could not bear to remain and see the helpless, unoonBcious mass of iron con signed to a sandy crave. Gordon himself would have wept but for his soldierly pride, and the men of the Permanent Force had to take an extra hitch in their waistbelte to conceal their emotions. Mr. W. R. Wigley, the father of Glenelg, the intimate friend of the Buffalo guns, and a distant relative of the old gum-tree, was there watching the case on behalf of the Buffalo C&rronade.; By-and-by the tide thonght better of it, and oame in again to see what they were np to, bat the monrners were all asleep, and the great gnn lay there in its Btranded coffin a motionless menaoeto imaginary Russians. Captain Naiah, the sole reliable defenoe force oi Glenelg, even as Corporal Tomkineon is the breastwork of Adelaide, stood on guard with a shovel at the present, and was only prevented from play ing the " Dead March in Saul" by the feeling that be did not know the time. The Frees representatives being afraid of ghosts, crawled into the muzzle of the gun and tried to wbietle "Britannia rules the Waves" through the touohhole, and were nearly im prisoned in the iron monBter by the incoming of the tide. They were all waiting for the gun to float nntil they were informed that its material waB iron, denser than-the heads of those who conceived the idea ot getting a gun tor a visionary fort, and leaving the fort for posterity to provide. In the morning the grave was dug, and the funeral arrangements were tastefully carried ont by Messrs. Gordon and Co., military undertakers. The fnneral service was con ducted by Layman Wigley, and the mourners were the sad sea waveB. They buried the gun in a shallow grave on the beach within the sound of old ocean's restless mnrmurs, and the pretty grey ooated gulls oame and picked np periwinkles over the monnd where the carcase lay. Not a drum was beard, not a funeral note, Aa the gnn to the sand flat was hurried From thebarge on tbe ebbing tide afloat To the grave where the great gnu was buried. They buried it safely by light of day, The sind with their shovels turning, On the salty shingle ot Holdfast Bay— The gunners ho powder burning. No useless carriage upbore the gnn, No battery walls to bound it. But it lay like a gaspipe taking the sun, With the wet sea sand around it Few and short were tbe words they said, And they spoke not a word of sorrow; Bnt they looked at each other and seemed to dread What the papers might say on the morrow. They hoped as they hollowed the gun's damp bed, And smoothed down the sandy pillow, That tbe Russian might come and fall on his head, And wish he was lar on the billow. Lightly the newspapers talk of the gnn, And o'er its sand shelter upbraid it; But little 'twill reck if the; let it lie on In tbe grave where a Gordon has laid it. Slowly and sheepishly coming away From the field that may never be gory, He started for home near the close of the day, And left tbe gun there In its glory. 