I LITERARY NOTES. From English contemporaries wo take tho i'ollowine ». tracts :- 6 Tho Duchess of Clovolond's now book, on which she hm been engaged for several years, "Tho Battlo Abbey Holl » is not to bo printed for privato circulation only. It will bo published in tho autumn by Mr. Murray in thT volumes. m A copy of tho first edition of tho "Life of Grimaldi» by Dickons, illustrated by Cruickshank, wus sold bv ann taon for £54 10s. ' Ono of tho most entertaining works in tho huge library of " reminiscence" literature is, says 2'r«<A,tho "Memorials" of Lord Cockburn. It is a delightful book, and is excellent reading from tho first pago to tho Inst. Another piensan volume loft by Lord Cockburn has just been published It is entitled "Circuit Journeys," and gives a highly-intcrest. mg account of his various travellings Ibrouehout Scotland between 1838 nnd 1854, while ho was a Judg'o of Assize, as ho would havo been called in England. Lord Cockburn was for 50 years ono of tho most brilliant and prominent Liberals in Scotland, and, liko his friend Jeffrey, ho wain tamed his priuciples during tho despotism of Dundas. Tho noxt volumo in tho series of " Historic Towns " will bo " Tho Cinquo Ports," MTittnn by Professor Montagu Burrows. Tho solo of tho Paston letters will (says Si. Jamcit Gazette) probably arouse tho passions of tho eognosetnti and produce n ficrco competition. Tho lottors to bo sold only form a part of tho sorios, but their numbor-311-i, considerable, and practically covers tho fifteenth ambur Of tho residuo, tho bulk aro in tho Boyal library or in tho British Museum; but a certain number of tho letters aw for tho present lost or havo strayed into other collections. Theso records of an English family in tho troubled yeats ' of tho Wura of tho Hoses ara very piquant, as thone knov who havo examined Dr. Goirdner's edition of theso lottere or tho oarlior ono of Sir John Fenn. 11 is to bo hoped fast tho British Musoum may seo its way to acquiring a bodyof correspondence which is unique of its kind, and has a rare historical valuo. In "Toles ortho Birds" (Macmillan and Co.) Mr. W, Ward. Fowler, already favourably known as tho author of " A Year with tho Birds," supplies (savs tho liomt Aewi) a series of short stories descriptivo of . bird lifo (and, it may bo almost said, bird character), which will bo especially appreciated by young renders. Ho displays both a love and a knowledgo of nature and of tho animal creation, and tis tales novo tho merit, moreover, of combing, in an unvíA ostentatious way, tho best of morals. The illustrations by ' Bryon Hook, oro admirably drawn and engraved. ' The next issue of tho "Camelot Series" will consist of threo translated plays by Henrik Ibsen. Tho place of honour will be given to " Tho Pillars of Society," and thereafter will follow "Ghosts" and "An Enemy of the People." Tho volumo will also have an introductory essay by Mr. Havelock Ellis upon tho lifo and genius of tbs famous Norwegian. A now and comploto edition of tho works of Galileo Í9 to bo published nt tho oxpense of tho 1 talion Government Professor Favnro, of Padua, is tho editor. "Choice British Porns: Their Varieties and Cnltute." By Charles T. Druery, E.L.S. (London: T. UpcottGilL 1888.) Tho author (says tho l'all Mall Gazette) is master of his subject, ond treats it throughout in a pleasant and popular manner, his remarks on tho complex subject ot natural variation being particularly clear and well thought out, and theso are well worthy perusal by scientists other thon tho specinl class to whom ho addresses himself. Tts illustrations, of which there ore many, aro clear and good, especially tho full-pogo relief plates, and wo can recom- mend tho book to all lovers of a vory beautiful section oí tho plant wortd. Tho directors of tho Peninsular and Oriental Company aro obout to issue a little work, to bo called " Tho P. and 0\. Pocket Book," a minuto volume some 5in. long, con- taining a variety of information useful to passengers visit- ing the East. Tho woik will bo cdiled by Mr. Sutherland, M.P., chairman of Ibo company, who contributes a chapter on its history nnd on orticlo on tho Suez Canal. Mr. Sala will write an orticlo on Australia and New Zealand, Sir Edwin Arnold on India, Sir Thomas Wodo on China, and Mr. Lucy on Japan. Profossor Wm. Knight's new work, " Principal Shairp and Ilia Friends," is now in the press. Tho Central A'ews learns that Mr. C. S. Parker, M.P., who revised thu life of Sir Robert Pool for tho " EneycJo pmdio Britannica," is now engaged upon tho correspondrai» of that statesman, and that it will bo published next year, Thero is u very interesting orticlo in tho August number of Blackwood's Magazine, entitled "The llritish Museum ond tho people who go there," in which thoro is a curious and remnrkHblo statement that " tho pages of tho catalogue which show signs of thc most constant use are those which contain thu headings of ' Ruskin ' and ' Zola.' " Yalo College has shown its uppreciatiou of Mark Twain's writings by conferring on him the degree of Master of Arts. " Mr. Punch's Victorian Era " is now complete. In all thero are 1000 I'uneh cartoons. Tho series is issued in threo volumes, royal quarto, by Messrs. Bradbury and Agnew. Arrangements aro being made, with tho sanction of tie Gorman Emperor, for tho publication of on English trans lotion of tho Reminiscences of Lndwid Schneider, who was for fcwonty-six years the reader, secretar)', and confidential friend of tho Emperor AV illioni. Schneider's diories (says 'frut/i) wore rcgulurly revised by tho Emperor every year, and his book is a work of the greatest possiblo interest ,and importance. Ho accompanied tho Emperor throughout the campaigns of 1SÖG and of 1870-71, and ono of the most in- teresting passages is his Majesty's own account of ¡ the battlo of Rcsonvillo. Prince i'redorick Charles was tie first to suggest tho annexation of Alsace-Lorraine, nnd the original ¡doa WILS to add tlioso provincen to the Grand Dnchy of Baden. Schneider was sont on a confidential mission to St. Potorsburg in 1868, and in tho courso of o conversation with Princo Gortschokoil, that statesman inveighed against tho Emperor Francis Joseph as " tho princo whoso ingra titude killed tho Czar Nicholas." Mr. Edmund Gosso's book on " Eighteenth Century Literature " will bo issued early in tho autumn by Messrs. Macmillan and Co. Mr. Gosse, in his work (says the Scotsman), has dealt with tho pootry, tho drama, and prose . after tho Restoration ; with Popo ; Swift and the Deists; Defoe and tho Essayists. Tile dawn of naturalism in pootry is discussed ; a chapter is devoted to the novelists of tho times, another to Johnson und the philosophers; and tho poets and prose-writers of tho Decadence are con» sidcrcd. Mi. John H. Bury, of Trinity College, Dublin, has in hand " A History of tho Lator Roman Empire, from Arcodius to Irene." 'Tho period covered is that between A.D. 395-800, the author's idea hoing to exhibit tho function that the Roman Empire, after its disintegration in the. fifth century, continued to perform in the development of Europo, down to tho coronation of Charles tho Great, and thus to present a record of tho four contnries in which tho chango from tho ancient to tho modiuival order of things was taking place. . _ . _ Ono of tho most curious and interesting objects in Loni Londesborough'8 collection, which was sold in July (says Truth), was the block stone, the famous magic speculum of Dr. Dee, tho celebrated conjurer of Queen Elizabeths reign. 11 was long possessed by tho Mordaunts, Earlsof Peterborough, from whom it passed to Lady Betty (jer- maine who gave it to John, Duke of Argyll, whoso son, Lord Frederick Camobell, presented it to Horace \N alpoie. At tho Strawberry Hill salo it was bought by Mr. Smyth Pigott, of BrockJov Hall, who was a largo purchaser on that occasion, and when his library ond pictures wore sola, after his death in 1863, it wan bought hythe lats Low Londosborough, then Lord Albort Denison. Mr. Smytu Pigott gave onlv 12 guineas for this curiosity in 1842, but last month it realised 70 guineas, and it hos again gone into tho Wost of England. ... The writer of " Through Grcon Glasses " hos just ready a now story. This time it is a tale of adventure. Itwill be issued under tho tillo " Tho Voyago of the Ark." Messrs. Word and Downey aro tho publishers. _ M. Jououst is bringing out a now edition of Mojwre. Each play is to bo published separately, and will be illus- trated by M. Louis Loloir. Notices and notos aro to accom- pany tho text from tho pen of M. Auguste V"itu. The second volumo of "Cont Ans de Képubliqno anx Ktats Unis," by tho Due do Noailles, is about to appear. In this portion of the work tho author attempts to show what it is that makes the originality of tho Amoncan Re- public, and what is its essential différence from tho repuwjss of Europo. ^} 