ODDS AND ENDS. The taste of the kitchen is bettor than the smell. \ Who has spice enough may season his meat as he pleaseth. The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet JJr.-Metrvman... He that waits ou another man's trencner makes a late dinner. No place, no company, 110 age, 110 person, is temptation free. Still to ourselves in ev'ry place consigne'd our own felicity we make or find. A road that runs through a niudhole is not highway. The rolling joke gathers lots of moss. Hamlet is a play for all time! it will never ive up the ghost. Silks-aud satins put out the fire in the kitchen. There is 110 cake but there is the like of the make. Who gives thee a capon, give liini the leg and the wing. Every one basteth the fat hog, while the leau one burnetii. The three proudest moments in a man's life are : The first time he wears a tall hat ; the first time the girls call him'mister ;' and when the doctor tells him ' it's a boy.' When couples clamor for divorce, Aud beg that law their paths divide, We see what poets mean of course,. Who speak of " moaning of the tide.'" A Warrego squatter, being desirous of enterg a bull for the National Association's August Exhibition, wrote to the secretary the following :—' Dear Sir,—Please put me down 011 list of cattle for a bull.' Mrs. Brown says • her husbaud is such a blunderer that he cau't even try ou a new boot without putting his foot in it. ' I have nothing but my heart to give you,' said a spinster to a lawy.er, who had concluded S 8 T P C t J S T T suit for her. ' Weft,' said the lawyer, ruffly," go to iny clerk, he takes the fees.' Being asked to state her birthplace aud U hen she was born, the witness, an actress, uswè'red : England. I was born on a date hich I was too young to know. I am old nough'to testify. Nothing so vividly reminds us of the brevty of. life as a thirty-day note. Ai writer says : ' There is always something icturesque and striking about an old mill." f the writer wauts to see something striking e should witness a modern ' mill ' between a ouple, of uoted pugilists. ^ A. Minnessotta man painted his house with hosphorescent paint, aud the very first night our fire companies smashed all his windows ud drenched his carpets, and the crowd got way with about 1 Idols, worth of diamonds WH nd solid silver. It is a smart mau who knows his own picure when it is published in a newspaper. MAN is a brave animal, and when -he as a " thirst " on him will usually do any ortal thing to obtain liquor. The horse, too, T s a noble animal, and, like a man, will some? imes go to extremes when suffering from an nward drought. A Charters Towers equine akes the cake in this respect. One. went own a 12ft. well recently, and had to be auled out : by nteans of a derrick and other ysterious contrivances dear to the mining raternity. However, they got it out, arid traightaway that horse went home and sailed nto his tucker as if nothing had happened. 