£>ReccDei\ Keeping Up Appearances. i There is 110 more reprehensible fault j than that of keeping up deceptive appear ances, especially among young .men.who are eommencing to battle with the world. That is just the time of life when, if they are dependent upon their own exertions, they will either make or mar their future. We have in view several cases that may serve as a warning to others, in whose interests we refer to them, assuring our readers ihat the personages have an actual, existence and that the events re lated have actually transpired. 503 The first was a case of a youth who had been petted and pampered by an over- indulgent mother. He received the too common college education which re sulted in his having acquired no know ledge of any kind, save on the subject of dress. In this respect ho thought he was an adept. Without any knowlede of busi ness lie made his start in life with a good firm. Here he had every chance to make a man of himself, to acquire useful and valuable business habits and knowledge, and to work his way up in the world. The drawback to his success consisted in his great admiration for himself and for the oneor more girls whomhe condcsccnded to patronise. Part of his office hours would be occupied in corresponding with them,' and another part'in obtaining the much needed rest of which he deprived himself at night, for this youth wtfs a man about town, a habitue of leading hotels and a lounger at the bars. Of course such habits could not conform to those re quired by a boy in business. He lived in a fashionable boarding house at the ex pense of his parents," so his 'little salary was his pocket money. :But it can be readily imagined that this did uotrsuffiee for such a spark, and lie was soon in the habit of borrowing from his fellow clerks.. His want of sleep by night made liim stupid by day, and of course hie, officially, proved a failure.-. His memory was like a sieve - and hes was practically useless. [Finally lie associated with sportsj and E then'the downfall was more rapid. He | remained away from his office for a week | or two without permission, and as a j natural sequence he remained away for | ever. Koiv what will become,; of .this ! youth % Iii his case a good administration of the birch would bs advantageous. " His j parents are abo to blame lor permitting } him to grew up iif such a fashion that-an j impecuriiousyoutli will start out in life by apeing a man ancl a millionaire. - Hisiend; is not difficult tojforetell- dissipationydei bauchery and death. beinf, ^ the>i®i&iiopeili;^^^ ?rffan on a, fair_salaryf^liym^s^pBiB' and with nb fapaily ties." Yet he can hardly .bo calledia^man as men are' considered. -Heis^mbcred^ij^iiiore pftheclements '^nroi^inliood^^iicky,-* namby-pamby,; a rsort "o£" danciuggackass-this^at least is how lie is regardlsd-'by^nten^lio.'are men. .'U n nT 11 -1 ifo ia ^rv"VtO n'lpnrlf^V in theatres, a leadersn tho'german, an usher . at- fashionable , wedci igs, in- faet a dude i among dudea. 'Now can any/ man with a 1 spark of nianly feeli rig']) ass. s uc 11 an ex istence'? No ass6ciation;Hvdrthy of the. name with his follows, who rather shim | and super,at . his ways, lie wraps himself ; up in his 'R&lf-concait; .and the ever-exist ing consciousness of a too.intense admira tion on the part of the. fair sex for his beauteous figure anclshape,liis moustache, the touch of his hand, and his elegance in, dance. . 0.h, horrors ! " How Such an ex istence is to be shunned. We can im agine this being as the,recipient of choice bouquel s and scentcd notes,a spotless raor-. tal too godcl for this sphere'and who should soru* to higher malms seated near the throne of Cfod. What iiis'busiiiess habits and recommendations cauib'e, it is diffi cult". to. imagine. The wear, and tear of late hours and dissipation niust tell, in time. The necessary expenses in, connec tion with iutimate association'among lead ing society must amdunt.to a large shaife of a moderate income, and leave but little for the necessaries of life. . A careful em ployer would do well to keep a ^watchful .eye upon such a. one, and exaihine his .ac counts with pertinacious regularity. For i ourselves we would not keep him live j minutes, for the association of swell dons | must needs be costly, and no man of moderate means has the right, to mingle with the rich.. He cannot afford to do as they do, and is but a base imitation of the richer metal j and a veritable: snob. A SHARCHER after truth waiita to know "why it: is, with so many regroe3 dying, nobody ever sees a black ghost?" " HE : " My darling, I really believe my rheuma tism lias wholly disappeared." \ " SHE : " Then I s'poso vrc shall never know when the weather is going to dmnge ?'* ? AN IRISHMAN hearing of. a friend who had a Etorie cofliii made for himself, said, .. Faith, that's good. Sure an' a stone.coffin tullaii a man a lifetime." I'OOTE, on his return from a visit to Ireland, j was asked,if he had seen'Cork.- "No," he r<j- j plied; " hat when 1 was in Dublin I saw a greai many drawings of it"- j Ha: " Bat ain't you afraid your parents will be j angry if we get married?" - I SHE::<No, .they won't care. Why, they are! married, too." j " Sure, I'mJheir[to!an immaiisa estate under my | fathers -Willi When he ordered mycldf srbrother j to divide the house with 'me, by St.; Patrick, he i did it!-for he trik the inside himself and gave mo j the outside." I HER COUSIN : " I must say, Emma, that you've grown quite handsome. There, now, can't you give me a compliment in return ?" His COUSIN : " Well, I should say that you are a gentleman of excellent taste." . AT THE theatre. Miss Barloive (who is some- j what short-sighted) : " .Oh, mamma, look at that I beautiful white bonnet in the front row, centra aisle." MAJC.UA : " Sh-h. child. That is old Mr. Wat son's ba'd head." YOUXG Mn. Sissvr (to hib pretty cousin): "I say, Maud, haw did my song ' Home Agsiu from a j Foreign Shore,' scan to impress the company ?" ! PUKTTY COUSIN : " Well, some of them, Charley, j looked as if tliey were sorry that Ave ever canw ; back." A LADY graduate, being out in the country, i went into the stable of a farmhouse. "Dear me, how close the poor cows are crowded together," she remarked. . : " Yes. mum, but we have to do that." I "Why so?" " So they will give condensed milk." j Bnovv.v: " I say, Durcley, Robinson has threat- j en?d that the first time lie meets you lie proposes j to knock some horsn-sense into you. You want i to look out for hi;v:." _ i j DUMT.KY (contemptuously): " Pooh ! It would | I take a dozen men like liobiusou to knock any i I b'Tse-sense into me." I 