Pun and Fancy. Was Noah's celebrated vessel lighted by an arc lamp ? Some people go to Florida to spend the winter — and all they can make in summer. There is more difference between cheap talk and freo specch than some people seem to suppose. It is reported that Mr. Evarts has bought a Fairbanks hay scale. Hereafter he expects to weigh his words. Some people see fun in coasting. Other people go down hill fast enough without getting on a sled. She — I don't like a front seat. I can't see the other women's hats. He — But we con see the stage; that's something. ' Is your father a man of sedentary habits F' ' Seden tary P ' Well, I rather guess he is. He sits on me every time he sees me.' An exchange speaks of the turtle as taking a 'loading part at dinners.' Wo thought he generally appeared as a supe. Employers of servants will be pleased to learn that there is a movement on foot to give mistresses ut least three evenings in the week. No, Ilenry, when ladies appear in derai-toilet it does not mean that they are onlv bait dressed. It means that they have more clothes on tknn when they are in full dress. BlobBon, who never goes out or comes in -without falling over an antique jar or piece of bronze, persists in calling his wife's collection ' break-your- back. Miss Roseleaf: 'Is that story true, Mr. Brainless ?' Mr. B. : ' No; to tell the truth, 1 constructed it out of my own head.' Miss R. : 'I thought it had a very weak j foundation.' Natural Bent for .Business. — Customer (in grocery store, picking away at the raisin-box) : What are these raisins worth, bov ? Boy : Fi' cents. Customer 1 What, only 6 cents, a pound? Boy : No ; fi' cents, for what you've eat. New Congressman at Dinner. — Waiter fwho has seen new Congressman before') : 'Skuse me, boss, but tain't good fawm to eat vo' pie wid yo' knife. New Congressman : Well, why in thunder didn't you bring me a spoon? 'What has given you food for suoh earnest reflection, my young friend P' asked the minister at tbe Sunday school picnic, meeting little Johnny sitting1 silently by the roadside.. 'I was wondering,' replied the penitent young scamp, 44 whether I had just eaten a mushroom or a toad- I stool.' I No generous man would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium, and as the ghost is walking about, while the medium is tied in the cabinet, exclain, ' There's a rat right by the ghost It spoils the effect to have the ghost cry out and gather up its skirts and run. One of our prominent physicians was immensely pleased the other day. He has a card hanging in his office reading, 'Consultations from I to 2,' and a millionaire patient handed him 1 dollar 60 cents and got out before the doctor noticed that some Vandal had placed the sign of dollar before the figures. Stranger (to Dakota landlord) : I noticed a party of scarred and crippled gentlemen at a table in the dining room. W ar veterans, I sp'ose, enjoying an annnal dinner P Dakota landlord : No, sir; it's a press dinner given by the editor of the Daily Paralyser to his staff. ' Mr. Editor, did you read that article I handed you yesterday P' 'Yes, sir.' 44 What would think after reading that if I told you that I had but one year's school ing in my life P ' 41 1 would think thajt you must have wasted your time most abominably.' - Omaha Man: ' No wonder you have a cold. You Bhould wear thicker clothing.' Eastern Youth: 44 Can't afford it.' ' I thought your employer was Mr. Toogood, the noted philanthropist.' 4' Yea, my errand here is to engage a noted artist to paint a memorial window to Diogenes.' The rector had been preaching on 44 The Brand of Cain,' ind at the close pointed his finger impressively at a drowsy sailor in the gallery and howled : ' What are* your brands, ny friend r' 'Nigger-heel f' chewin' and cut-plug fer sniokin',,' was the willing and polite reply. 