" TOWH AND OOÜHTBTÍTOUBIUI. " PBIZH STOBT OOMPaXIXIOIf. ( ' " (See'balloting paper on pago 893.) . .. j A Speedy Retribution. ,. (BY "A LA BONNE HETJBE.") .. . - »About twelve years ago, before I was married, I. lived with1 my father and mother on a small horse-breeding station in New South Wales* At the time I am speaking of I was 18 years old. My brother was six years my senior. We were the only two children, and were a happy and united family. v To describe fully my home would take up too much space. So I will just give a brief sketch of " Riverview," as my mother had named it. Our homestead was situated on the banks of a river about 180 miles from Sydney. The house itself was large and comfortable, with the UBual wide verandah all around. The front faced the main road, and the back the river, to which had been cleared a nice wide track to the left. Another track which branched off to the right led out on to thé main road again. . I oannot understand why so many people think that bush life ia dull. I never found it so To me it was always full of interest ; and the happy, free, abd healthy days seemed to fly only too fast. My brother, who was the dearest brother a girl eyer had, had taught me to ride before I was 6 years old. We were passionately fond of each other; and, as we grew up, I shared in alibis sports. When I wa3 16, thanks to his tuition, I eould handle a revolver, gun, or oar with a skill equal to his own. ' And in the springtime what lovely bush flowers \--from the tiny, fairy-like blossom to the gor geous creepers too numerous to mention ! Manyan amateur flower show have we held on our veran dah. Sometimes in the evenings we would wander under the dear old gum trees, and amid the sweet smelling wattles, or go for a pull in our boat on the river. And on moonlight nights, how weird and ghost-like the bush looked. The rustling of the opossums and other little harmless animals would make a city girl scream with fright. Now and then a funny little wallaby, or an old man kangaroo, would bound across our path, but they were always the most frightened, and would dis appear as'if by ma»ic. Then, besides all this, there were our daily rides, the weekly visits to and from the neighbors, of whom only two lived within.a reasonable distance; the nearest hoing the Huntleys (whoso place was ten miles to our left), and the Gordons (fifteen miles to our right). There were two or three other small places handy, out I was not acquainted with their inmates. Strangers were not disagreeable visitors, and, as á rale, were heartily welcomed if at all respect ? able; and there were always 'sundowners' and other tramps, who were never turned away with out a,good meal to help them on their way. My father was always very good to these poor wretches ; and, as only on one occasion was our . hospitality abused, I think the story may be worth telling. I . At the time of which I write my father had just disposed of hie valuable stock, and we were going to England for a twelve months' holiday. He had dismissed all but really necessary servants, only retaining one maid servant, and two men who were wanted for various purposes, about the place. One day Mr. Huntley Bent over begging that my father would lend him his two men for a couple of days, as they were short-handed, and wanted to draft up a large troublesome mob of cattle for town. My father sent the men off at once, and told them to take the dogs. Going to the dairy where my mother, myself, and Mary were busy, he said to my mother, * Look here, old i lady, Douglas is off to Gordon's, and the men '. have gone to Huntley's ; and so I might as well be off too. Run and put your habit on, and we'll spend the night at Huntley's place.' * ' Hut, my dear,' said mother, ' they are so busy just now, and-' / 'Now, no excuses. I declare lean never get you out. Mrs. Huntley will be delighted to see you; and I'll make another one to help with the .cattle. I just feel as if a good stiff gallop would brace me up a bit. So hurry up.' And he marched off to the stables, shouting out ' I'll have them round in ten minutes.' ' Well, Kate/ paid my mother, vexedly ; 4 your father's a cure. To uhink is to act with him. I suppose I must go ; but I don't care to leave you two girls alone.' 'Nonsense, mother,' I laughed gaily. 'We shan't he alone long. Douglas will be home at sundown. Be off and get ready.' A few minutes later I heard my father's cheery voice in the yard; and I ran out to wish, them good-bye. They cantered off, and were soon out bf sight. . The butter-making finished, I sat down with Mary to get some dinner, when suddenly a knock came to the front door. Mary jumped up to answer it j and I followed her. On th« door being opened who should it be but a ragged tramp ! ; ' Well,' said Mary, ' bad cess to you for a cheeky fellow. Why didn't you go round to the back? Sure, I thought it was his lordship, the Governor, come to see tho master. What do you want ?' ' Something to eat/ was the surly answer. ' Oh ! I suppose you was never taught to say ' please.' What'll I do with him, Miss Kate P' /Take him round and give him a feed; and then he'll have to úe off/1 said, sharply, for I did not like this man's looks at all. He seemed different from tho usual wayfarer; and his face was of a low, cunning, hang-dog type, not very common in those days. Mary put him in the back kitchen, and gave him food and drink; and we sat down again to our dinner, but were again. interrupted, this time by a man on horseback, who inquired for Mr. Humphries, my father. On my telling him whore ho was, ho said ' Oh, well ! I should like to have seen him before he leaves ; and I shan't be back this way for two months. Will you give him this £50, and tell him it's from Johnson for that filly I bought last week?' Declining to wait while I wrote out a receipt, or to partake of any refreshment, he galloped off ; and, after putting the money away, I once more sat down, and this time was able to finish my \ j dinner in peace. The tramp by thia time had ¡done his meal; and giving him some bread and meat to take with him, I watched him go slowly away from the house. I noticed that as he passed the front ho seemed to scan tho house in a peculiar manner; and suddenly the thought flashed through my mind that ho must have witnessed my receiving tho ¿£50 from Mr. Johnson. During tho remainder of the day I could not get his vicious face out of my thoughts. I waited anxiously for my brother Douglas. But 6 o'clock came, and no sign of him.. After waiting another hour I had my tea, and tried to settle down to Borne sewing. I knew that Douglas would not be home now until breakfast time next morning. As he knew nothing of father'a and the men's absence, he would think nothing of ataying the night at Gordon's. I would not betray to Mary that I waa feeling nervous. At half-past 8 Bhe came in to bid me good-night as usual, and left me to my anxious thoughts. How very unprotected we two women were! Not a man near us, not even a dog. Nothing ? ' Ah, yes,' I thought suddenly ' there is something that I can make use of/ and, going into my father's -bedroom, I took from the ward robe a small six- shooter, with which I had often practised. I loaded it carefully, and went back to the sitting-room. I made my plana carefully. I listened nt Mary's door ; and from her breath ing I could hear that she was sound asleep. ' Just as well,' I murmured ; ' Mary is too excitable to be of any use in a case of emergency.' Going back again to the sitting-room I lay on the sofa, and thought of what 1 should do if this tramp really came and attempted a burglary. I felt convinced that if he did come back he meant murder ; and I made up my mind to put all lights out at 10 o'clock, the same as usual, and then flip out, securing the door af tier me, and hide behind the I lounges on the front verandah, and wait there until daybreak. I did precisely as I say, wrap ping myself up in a large cloak of my mother's, and keeping a careful hold of the revolver. I must have crouched there for about an hour and a half (perhaps more), and was beginning to think myself a foolish goose of a girl, when a pet bandicoot I had suddenly shot by me, as if it was frightened. What had disturbed it ? What sound was that? Only a 'possum overhead? No ; it was something else, lt was a footstep; and it was coming my way. ' Oh God, help me !' I prayed ; and, as if in answer to my prayer, the moon, which had been shaded up to now with thick, black clouds, suddenly shone out and re vealed to me tho tramp of the morning with his boots off, and in biß hand a small tomahawk., Where I was crouching was quite in shadow, so that he could see nothing of me, while I could watch his every movement. He tried every door and window successively, and as quietly as a mouse. Once he passed so near me that by stretching out my hand 1 could havo touched his trousers j I heard him smother a deadly impreca tion of baffled rage ; and then I saw him lay down the tomahawk and go up to the window of my own bedroom. Presently I heard a grating sound ; and it dawned upon me that he was re moving á pane of glass. ' Now,' thought 1, ' it's quite time to act.' Getting up noiselessly, I said loudly ' What are you doing there P' He seemed thunderstruck ; and then, as I moved out into the moonlight, he saw me, and was coming quickly toward me, tomahawk in hand, when I again spoke ' Another step if you dare ; ' and, as a proof of what I could do, I put a bullet through the crown of his shabby hat. With a yell of terror he tore off his hat, dropped the tomahawk, and bounded off the verandah like a grasshopper. The moon again became thickly obscured; but I fired three moro shots somewhere into the darkness, |when a terrified scream from Mary inside (who had heard tho noise, and discovered my absence) quite unnerved me ; and, like an idiot, I fainted away. When I came to myself, I found that I was lying on my own bed, whore Mary, in a very agony of grief, waB leaning over me. When she saw me open my eyes, she said ' Oh darlint, it's alive you are still then P The saints be praised. Sure I thought you was shot dead. Now don't be talking. Just lie still while I get some wine.' \ She went to the dining-room and brought me some. I drank it eagerly, and felt it revive me j and, in answer to Mary's question, .' Was ! very badly hurt?' I smiled, and told her the whole story. She, poor frightened girl, had heard the shots, and the man's cry of terror, and had flown first to my bedroom, and then to the sitting room, only to find both empty, and then had opened the door, and struck a light, and found mo lying senseless, and in her terror had actually carried me bodily into the house-no mean feat of strength, for I was tall and stout beyond the average ; and when she found out that, instead of my being shot, it was, I- who thad fired the revolver, she was astonished, and exclaimed- - ' Sure, Mis3 Kate, you're as brave a3 a man ; and to think it's murdered we might have been this night but for you. You don't think he'll come back, do you ?'*she asked anxiously. '0, no,-Mary/ I answered 5 ??' I am sure he won't venture near this place again-in a hurry'; and now suppose we both go and lie in mother's bed. I see it's nearly 2 o'clock ; and we ra mt .try arid get to sleep.' , ? :û - Neither of ua could sleep, however. So at early dawn we got up ; and Mary soon had ready a refreshing cup of tea. After, drinking 1 it 1 wan dered out to inhale the delicious freshness of the morning. There are certain times in all our lives, I think, when we seem so muon nearer to the great God who made us. On that early morning in December, as I stood watching the sun rising east, and heard every living thing hail the coming day with pleasure, I lifted up my heart to Him who had nerved me with sucrTcool courage to face the danger on the previous night. On the verandah we found the hat with the hole through the crown; and the tonahawk (which turned out to be one of our own which he must have somehow got possessed of) proved that I he had oome there with a deadly purpose. About half-past 7 I again wandered out to meet my brother, and in a few moments saw him on his horse coming slowly homeward. He soon saw me, and, putting his horse into a canter, was quickly by my Bide. Jumping off, he gave roo a loving kiss of greeting. ' Well, sis. You look very pale this morning. Are you not well P Where is the mater P' I told him quietly about their absence, and that of the men. Before I had finished I saw bim glance sharply into my face y and then, putting his arm around my waist, and walking slowly alone, he said ' You have something to tell me, Kate, dear? What is it ?' His tone of tender affection brought the much-needed tears ; and when I was sufficiently calm I gave him an-account, of my night's ad venture. He turned deadly pale with emotion, and said ' Katie, I'll not come in to breakfast. I will search for this villain. He can't have got so very far off. When I find him I'll kill bim.' , His tone of desperate determination'filled me with horror ; and I told him that if he left me alone again I should die ot'fright. 1 knew that that would detain him ; and he reluctantly con sented to remain until our parents,came home, whioh happened about dinner time. Shall I evor forget the excitement of that day ? My father's hot rage ; my mo'her's tears of joy that I was alive, and not harmed ; my brother's deadly threats of vengeance ; and then what a heroine they all made of me ! And the hat with the bolo ; how it was exhibited to the neighbors, whom my father had fetched to help to scour tho neighborhood ! But they found no trace of tho man, which puzzled them very much ; for it was impossible for him to have travelled far, on foot and bootless aa he was, for hiB boots woro found underneath the kitchen vorandah tho same day. For three days they kopt up tho search. But it was of no avail; and so thoy abandoned what scorned a hopeless chase. On tho morning of tho fourth day, I was awake very early, and felt so full of life that I deter mined to go for a pull in the boat, up HB far as the bond of tho river. I was soon in my little boat pulling away lustily. Arrivod at the bond, I was resting on my oars, before turning round, and dreamily contemplating a lizard which was dozing on a stout sapling which seemed to have fallen into the river and got fixed there immov ably, when something red in the water attracted my attention. Feeling curious, I rowed to the spot, and oh, horror ! there, with his ovil eyes staring wide, but sightless, up to heaven, his horrid repulsive face met my; gaze; jin an agony , of terror I rowed home for my life, and told what ? ; I had seen. . / ? I . Ah, well,' Baid my brother tersely, 'he is' .beyond my vengeance now.' . He and my father. left the house, and did not return until dinner -' time, when my father told us that they had" buried him a long way down on the other side .of! the river. We were shocked at this seeming' callousness ; but my father stopped our remarks ; with a sharp rebuke- _ ;\, ; . I'm surprised/ he said, ' at your expressing pity for a wretch like that. Think of our Katein' the clutches of sucha rascal !¡ ,*. God nas brought ' a Bpeedy retribution on him ;, and, if the police authorities insist upon an iñquesti.I know where to find his rascally body.* ¡So saying, he walked away. It never transpired how the man came to be in the river. But my idea of it was this. In tho ' sudden darkness, and the terror of being shot, he had dashed madly down the wrong track, and so rushed in:o the river. Not being able to swim, he was drowned ; his body being caught and held in the position I found it by the fallen sapling. For many years the nickname'Brave: Katie Humphries ' stuck to me. But gradually the in cident was forgotten ; although, perhaps, if, this should come under the notice of any of our old friends they will still remember the story.,1 relate here, and the speedy retribution which followed this first and last abuse of our. hospitality.." ( 