THE TRAVELLER. THE AUSTRALIAN IN ASIA AND EUB07& Br J. H., U'HE GREATEST OF SILYER MINES. AT LAURIUM. It is not etiquette here to con gratulate papa npon the birth of a daughter. If there were ever families in which "girls do not count," Greece is the country in which to look for them. The French fashion of parentally-arranged marriages is here intensi fied. Miss Electra, or Enone, is never con- ] suited about it—or her inclinations either. This trouble is brought about by every wife | being expected to bring a dowry. Now, dowries impoverish the parental pocket Captain Macheath wondered "how any man on earth could ever rear a daughter"— the trouble with him being that she would so "fling herself away" In matrimony. Greek daughters have not that opportunity, aB papa's money is wanted with them, and they don't get taken Without—the Greek, as will! shortly be remarked, being of a dispassionate j nature. When the Grecian father has got j his daughter off his bandB his troubles-* over and hers begim She is allojcedlio voice in anything—save singingjio^tfie baby. She is not allowed togoontrSTtve in company with her hnaband-ofmother. and there is no law in Greece, as in England, as to the thickness of the stick with which recalcitrant wives may be welted by their very mhch lords and masters. In an earlier allusion to the Greeks and their fashions the man and his dresB were, rightly enough, selected for first notice. He is the best-looking, and the most dressy. > It is he, and not she, who pinches in the waist, dresses for the street, and shows most of vanity and pride of life. In this respect the Greek adheres to Nature's preferences. It is the lion which sports the decoration of the maiie, the turkey-cock has the dressy head gear, and the peacock_the brilliantly-coloured and gaily bestarred tail The world has taken its cues from Greece, and Europe adopts its ideas and examples— that of feminine beanty included. But womanly beauty was with the Greeks an ideal matter, aB was mostly all else of their wondrous world. Of all that theEgeanhas produced in its many isles of beanty, its mpst beautiful production was that of Aphrodite, drawn from its waters by Greek imagination, and then, thenceforth, and for ever, made the world's type of feminine loveliness. Apelles—the Greek combination of our Law rence and Millais—devoted his life to pic turing her. Sculptors, as we see bytneir efforts found here and there, at Melos, Capua, and elsewhere, worked but with Bimilar aim. Had the Greek women been commonly beautiful, then feminine beanty would have been leas noticed, and the worship of Venus been probably unknown. But the Venus of the Greeks is of Grecian type still, and that notwithstanding all that painters and Bculptors have done towards idealising her. The Grecian features are hers in their perfected form. Nations and peoples have everywhere created their gods in their own image, naturally enough unable to imagine anything else as being better. " The Ethiop gods have Ethlop lips Dark eyes and woolly bair; The Grecian gods are like the Greeks, Blue-eyed, thin-lipped, and lair." The Greeks areof a dispassionate nature and of intellectual tastes. St Paul's description of them is a true one—" For the Athenians Bpent their time in nothing else but either to tell or hear some new thing." They are as little inclined to mannal labour as are the Hebrew race, preferring work in which the head and mind play a greater part than the muscles. It is for this reason, perhaps, among others, that none of the Jewish per Buasion are found as settlers throughout the length and breadth of the land. A great contrast in this respect exists between the Greek and the Hungarian—both equally prond and disinclined to manual labour. The Hungarian has let the Jew monopolise everything. The Laurinm excursion is a shorter one than that to Corintb,; or, what is all the same, feels so. Of the stations passed on j the road is one from which a visit can be made to a monastery of some note. A visit to a monastery must, however, give way to one to a mine with any AnBtralian. He, likely enongh, does know something about mines —perhaps too mnch. His knowledge in that Way may be similar to that of him wbo didn't believe in ghosts—he had "seen too many of them." /The mines to which we are bound are what were of olden time the famous silver mines of Monnt Laurinm, situate in a range of hills running down to the sea shore. This part of the range was found in past times to bave in it9 rocky formation veins of lead ore contain ing much of silver, a yield which, when worked by slave labour, as it was, largely en riched the country. It is interesting to read that this valuable produce was, by the Go vernment, at one time philanthropically dis tributed among the citizens of .Athens, Its liberal application In this way was stayed only by its being voted for patriotic war pur poses against the Persians, and for building the fleet which was .to face those invaders at S&Iamis.; This Lanrinm range was the Broken Hills of old Greece, and contained a lode as rich, or richer, than the Coinstock one. The miners left great heaps of Bcoria, taken from the workings,' as evidence ot their long labours. The example of the Greek Government In the public distribution of this silver might be followed elsewhere, to which, probably, Parliamentary attention might be called in Victoria. The proposition wonld probably be popular. The slave labour employed at Laurinm was some thing similar to that by which the Spaniards made the mines of Fern pay so well The profits of Australian mines cannot, however, be realised in this manner; Those who doubt if the world has bettered in its ways can be silenced at once on this slave-labour aspect of the question. Laurinm is the-one piece in Greece to be specially visited by an Australian.1 It Is to Buch what a North-American Indian would call an " oldi stamping gronnd," In its aspect it is a mining camp, all mines and miners. Here are the poddting-machines and the crashing ones, and'here ate-the Bteam-engines to work them, and the smutty faced stokers and engineers. - Vast chimneys are also here, and of horizontal position too, and here are wheelbarrows and tvagftops for bringing the ore-to the machines. Lanrinm ib the Silverton of Greece, of to epeakwith j^^rrespect, Silverton is the I^nrinmof That! khlch In pastSjges waa.brbmrht up ffom tnC deeply-sunk pita nll aronna here was sub mitted to some roogh process of those times for the extraction from it of silver only. For other value it urns then not known. What remained of the ore so. treated was piled about in heapB here, much as is seen to be now done with the (Mtris or tailings of the mining produce in Australia and other auriferonB quarters. These heaps of stun are soon overgrown with vegetation, and, like other of Greece's valuable "finds, have to be uncovered. To the eye it appears but as gravel mixed with clinkers and cinders, and little likely to prove as "payable as it , does. ! I see this stuff brought in cartloads and tilted into the machines for washing it—for such is the first process to which it is sub mitted. Into the large hoppers it is all cast without selection of any kind. It thence passes to cylinders screened so as to retain only the larger pieces of it Swirling about in the water here that which passes through goes to another cylinder screened with lesser-sized openings, and then this secondly-washed stuff passes on to a third cylinder, and then to a fourth one. It now appears, as passing away from here to be nothing else but water, aud any deposit which it had held must have been left, behind. It is not so, however, and very far from being so. This water is full of particles of lead, which deposit themselves partly on the trough down which they run, and residually upon the floor awaiting them below. From here, and from the troughs, this fine deposit is scraped together and formed into bricks to be taken to the smelting works .awaiting them. Into the furnaces of these works go also all which has been left of ore in the washing cylinders. The whole of the gravel and cinders, clinkers and stones, so thrown in, become quickly calcined here, and any thing metallic in them fallB as a deposit to the bottom of the furnace. This result then goes through another process, or firing, by which anything of silver left by the miners of olden time is obtained by the present Laurium Mining Company. " Why this is bat washing the tailings!" I exclaim, and it is such work as in Aus tralia generally falls to the share of China men only. It is too good work, however, to be left to any Chinese in this quarter, to which, by the way, they do not appear to have as yet come. The absence of the Chinese is as noticeable in Greece as that of the Jews, when one has seen how much the Mongolians are distributed elsewhere about the world. The produce of these lead mines is quite 1 surprising to one when the figures are asked for, as they very soon are. A royalty of no less than 45 per cent has to be paid to the Government by the company. The labourers —whom I will not dignify as miners—receive between 2a. and 3s. per day of 10 honrs as wages, the engineers and smelters getting something higher for pay. I "And what is paid as dividend?" I ask, and learn that the shareholders get a clear 6 per cent., have done so for years past, and, as things look now, are likely to do so for a dozen or score of years yet to come. The lead goes, of course, to that world's market tor all produce, Great Britain. Nothing is wasted here. The smoke of the smelting furnaces and the vapour from them iB drafted along a slanting chimney, running away in that position against the side of a hill This chimney is, 1 am told, more than half a mile long, and it looks it. What issues from it is caught, and treated in Borne way by which more metal is got from it. " Getting blood out of a stone " will now no longer be to me an incredible thing. Getting silver and lead deposits out of smoke, drawn off at such long distance, seems equally as improbable. No more sneers from me about things "ending in smoke." They end valu ably that way in this quarter. It needs a long chimney to carry away the fames of lead smelting, and all labour at such work should be well paid—if money can make up for loss of health and life, I say nothing whatever while at Laurium about the pale faces I see there, nor the more sickly looks of others. It is not polite to tell people that they are not looking welL It is almost as bad as telling them that they are not well looking. But these of Laurium pay heavily for living as they do, as do all who work any where among the fames of lead or in their neighbourhood. The Government who get the 45 per cent out of Buch labour seem not to consider that it is human life, as much as lead, which brings such returns to the ex chequer. Macaulay tells, in his lay of "HoratiuB," of one whose 800 slaves sickened in some named mines. The popu lation of Laurium is not as large as that, nor are they slaves in the sense in which Macau lay wrote. They suffer, however, in a lesser felt way from similar causes. Near to these "surfacing" works are the "drives" into the old mines from which the ancients obtained their ore. It was, however, the surfacing works now be longing to the Athenian Company which made the wealth of the Italian specu lator whose house I had noticed in Athens. These works were originally , the property of a foreign company. buttheGreeks are a much spoiled and very fractious people in other things than politics. They cannot endure that foreigners should make profit out of tbfeir possessions, and so brought pressure to bear on the foreign company until itBoldont to the present native one.: They are content for the present to let foreigners—Frenchmen and others—labour in the old workings, on 45 per cent tribute. It will be, no doubt, made unpleasant for these people, also, if they do too well—and let the Greeks know it Snch feeling is not I believe, confined to the people of Greece—it has been exhibited by others, and elsewhere. ' -These old "drives," and the extensive underground workings to which they lead, recall to one the descriptions by Sir Francis Head, in-his Rouyh Ride Across the Pamvtu, of similar mines inspected by him in South America. There is a rumour about that in one of theee old workings at Laurium a great "find" was made of valuable ore, collected there and covered up for removal at some time—which never came, apparently, to those intending to profit by it. There have been many things left about in the world in the like way. Witness to that is the half finished sacred bull left covered up at Memphis, and disinterred thence by the late French explorer, M. Marietta. The workmen who were to finish it were summoned away suddenly aud never returned. 