Religion and Philanthropy. St. Paul's Blessing. By Bey. Johx Haix, D.D , of New Toes. Preached in the Presbyterian Church, Em peror's Gate, South Kensington, Sunday Evening, July 8. theLord Jesus Christ, and the lovn SiSS^i communion of the Holy Ghent be with you all. Aineu.-2 Cor. xiii. it, """"i y31lv t> 18 com®oe!y known ; as the Apostolic Benediction. It is not the only benediction that is entitled to that He- I senphon. It is, as you see, a prayer for blessing' upon those to whom the apostle I Jwj 13 hardJi" on° of the epistles I that does not contain some such benediction. . This is feller than most of them, and parti- , cularly It is notable for this, that it includes wh person of the Godhead and alludes to something m amnectica with each in reference totiat particiilair relation that each has to the work 01 human salvation. I suppose that this »L^ reastn mainly why it has come to be ariown as the Apostolic Benediction. ' I jJ7 "•*?», " Tho grace of our Lord ' ' - - What is this grace? Weil there is the grace of which we iiveinst teen • the grace that led Jesus Christ to ... pre Himself for us. " Force know the grace a£„,°ar Lord JesILS Christ, that thonah He was l0L°ur H- became "poor, that ye through His poverty might be rich." But that is not the grace that is indicated here. Jhat is an historic thing which is past: that is a m\t!er of Praf«: the memory tonftL 803 .the gracious influence 7l that fact over us continues; but that is not the graoe that is indicated here. There is the I pace that led to His taking our nature, be^mm,-one with us. " The Word was made ^*7 But that also « an historic fact; it is not a thing that we need to pray for; it ie, as we tay colloquially, past praying for: it is . done with. Somsriiiu'g e& 'm&t; he meanl CwHlE1'TV *Tka grace of the lord Jesns Vlthy°U- N<w what is that? I suppose there are some of you who have been . hearing these words repeated again and again for many yeara without ever trying to get definite thought as to their meaning. Let me toy to put it to you in this way. There ia a \- that 1Q Ufeo£ most of us whsn we tbinV . that we can manage all mattera for ourselves • we can now take care of ourselves ; we know r^ht 7 °i to baT0 •' we know what we . ought to do; we are self-content, gelf. 1 do not need auy ex a"U. leare ua to manage our own matters. That is the time of inexperience, tIJTi? ,frnoranoe- of nnenlightenment! • mtS L rAl!*^ spiritual enlighten '? ua- All this is changed, and it changed especially when we become Christians. IherearetWlwonH like to do-onghU ^othem ? I hope God will guide mc Kre ' 1 I °?gbt to peS^but there T ^ reooaa from them, I nope the Lord will make me willing: here are 1 d° 001 ^ way out off I If S the Lord would ehow me the way. So at • wisdom, and oneof the first forms 7 the ^ Jesus Christ , te of wisdom. He ought toT5 shows us what we ' W?nnikt t anaditoctous m tie path in which we ought to go. I do not mean by that, that ■ carter?! an todependent revelation to each ' • •; Iw^rmanor woman; tliatis not the wav The Holv rL tT' through the Holy Ghost \- ' . does not to»ke new and inde ?7,. revelation to each particular person tato18to?LHi3r-Ti to i«5"; to the individual in its application to the ' ■ particular ease, as that tre th is toi^general stetement put down in the Word of God. The Hdy Spirit brings this to our remembrance r \- ®'®ry simple statement, a truism, many of yon ' bul k baa itoportant bZll fhi7»7 ^088 wIj0 claim to be verv advanced .Stokers who magnify what they caU Christian gnsciousneas as being as if each particular SSteble ^ r"vlation P«="liar to himself, tovanable and authoritative, which should be to him as his Bible, so to speak. There is no &™dat'on_tor that in the Word of God What the Spirit of God does in granting ua guidance and wisdom is to make plain to us the iS our own case upon Christ, and be aj&calties; of the principle* that are laid down in the Book, and having seen theL we wh we ought to do, and the next step w II fee o say, " Lord, I know now what X t i'\ me to do it." The grace of wLl s ies,u.s ChriHt comes first in giving •wisdom to God s people. giving „AUC ™ nwd toore than wisdom, we have I strength* J°^kre7 T6" underetond, also of' bUrdtns are to;d upon h, , r° "any, and they \re I . toemeclves qnite incapable of cn dunngthem. The grace of the Urd Jesue CUnft comes to uphold. You ail ^>7^° Caf'-' of tbe apostle. Some to hUu ifw.1'0'), ;6^ W «P]aiEed came w mm, It xs Is fbarp. ^v*ere, and rrrinc a ^tt^eheJ::kedf" hreihreu. and 1 h^,. ' *."?• c«ar mtod You and I do? nofd^ateTo gS.^u kave faith ^oogi. ^ i£>a to do v.I,it WO will ■ ,1, , Ubtomand Uim fiict'0of-c-'" U:,Ir"r-' and met ot goreninifnt it o-ou'd K» if rk« *♦ did iio;a:;w*^r , -** a he hioi iff h JlvawlWGy undHeiiren»thvas Vu7'fo!7 1?*var' , V that the burden which te tk£ solutely intolerable they are helped to Cattfr for Christ is with thorn. "At my fintluuhrefc so man stood with me, bat all men forsook tile. I pray God that It may cot b# laid to their charge. Notwithstanding the Lord eteod with me and strengthened me. You know he said It > perhaps yon have seen illustrations of it— t hare. There is a poor suffering Christian, the dearest friend on earth has been taken away from her, she is weak and feeble and heavily burdened; the tears come instinctively | to her eyes, and her utterance Is choked with emotion, when she speaks about her grief and | Borrows. Her cheek is pale, and the paler in contrast with the dark mourning she is wear I ing. She is a widow and comparatively help less, andyetyou heather say, "1 am awonderto ! myself, I do not know what I hare gone through or how I have gone through it: I I cannot tell how I have borne it all; it can only [ be explained by this—my Saviour has fulfilled His promise and held me up. Yes the grace of Jesus comes in the form of strength. There is a third war in which it works in the Lord's servants. Have you noticed how much is made in the Bible of endurance? We are to *•endure as seeing Him who is invisible." Over ; and over again the word Is used as descriptive of the Christian career. 11 Thou, therefore, endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ." " He that endureth to the end, the same shall be saved." Now, Christ's grace helps us to endure. To endure implies trou bles, burdens, difficulties, hardnesses. How do they comeSome of them from the world, which hates God and hates His people, end makes trouble for us whenever it can. Some of them come from ourselves ; we make mis takes, we commit practical blunders, and have to pay the penalty. Some of them come from our sins before conversion; we were in rebel lion against God, and many of us did things the fruits of which will stay with us until mortality shall h*ve been swallo * ed up in life. iSome of them come from our misgivings even since we believed in God, and God"is nowhere pledged to reverse the laws of nature on behalf even of H:s penitent subjects. There are troubles innumerable to God's saints. " These are they that came out of great tribnlation." But tribulation has its uses. They say that the Latin word from which we get the English describes the process of "fanning," shaking the grain in the wind so that the chaff was blown out of it. God's people have to endure tribulation, and the grace of Christ helps them to do it, holds them, and sustains them, so that if you ask them: ".What is the secret of your strength?" they would say: " It is not physical, it is not intellectual, it is not even moral in the common sense of that word; it is the strength of Jeans who worketh in me to will and to do, and who is making good to me year after year this His gracious word, ' My strength shall be perfected in your weakness.'" All that, I am gate, is involved in that word, "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you." Then the next element n the passage is "the love of God." Of course it is the Father to whom allusion is made. "The love | of God'" There is no need to add any da I Bcriptive word, no adjective needs to'be put | before it " The love of God !" ' That Ioto is shown to us in various ways. There 2s first of all the love we have spoken of already that gave Jesus. Even that is the outcome and expression of another love, electing love, and the love that draws the soul to Jesus Christ. All these are manifestations of the Father's love, but it is not to these that.the text , alludes. These also are past and gone, they | are historical. These Corinthians already the love, and the knowledge and memory of it drew them one by one to Christ. Something more, therefore, most be meant when it is said, " The love of God be with you." What is it ? X would like you to understand me. You know, dear friends, how comparatively useless it is to state mere words if we have no distinct and tangible ideas connected with them. You .love God. What love was that which Paul I wished to be with these Corinthian believers ? i I do not think there is any better explanation than that given by the Master Himself, speak ing to His disciples. You hare it in John's GospeL You mow very well the character istic* of that Gospel, it deals especially with the close intercourse between the Father and the tion, and tbe close intercourse between the Son aud the saints. You remember how Jesus spoke to the disciples. They had a vague and most depressing misgiving, " The Master is going away, and what is to become of us we do not know. There are clouds and shadows over our future; how is it to be with us if, as he says, He is going away?" You recollect how close He came to them and how confi dential in His communication* with them He was. It was as if He were labouring to make them feel that they would not be forgotten. He says: "Henceforth I call you not servants, for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth; hut I call you friends." You know the distinction between the servant and the friend —the servant is one thing and the master another. The servant is not taken into the master's confidence a* the friend is supposed to be; tbe servant doe* not stand upon the same level us the master: the servant is supposed to be doing his work for hi* wages. Now, gays Chriet, "That i* not your relation to me; I call you friend*, I put you in a sense on a level with Myself; I give you My confidence; we stand or fall together, and j ou are not bound to Me simply by the prospect of tbe Wage* you will get. I love you and you love Me back ajrain, and because you love Me you will keep My commandment*; if you keep My com mandment* I will love you and My Father will love you." That is electing love, that is not the love that drawn us to Christ, it is a secon dary love, a love of complacency, a love of deligbt and confidence; and that is the love, I take it, 10 which this text point*. Two or three years bl'O it was mv duty to go to an elder of tie church I serve, a most godly and ijiibi.ii agrd ttrxvabt. An operation upon bis eyts had keen nfccee**ry, and the surgeon who performed it said to him, " I want you to re member ihL—uutti the&e; wounos are'ijealed do 1' not get into circumstance- where a tear would be UUcly TJt couie; it would *puii all tny work." A ffcw day» aip-.r a telegram came to me: "Kindly break the tietfs to Mr., talker that lila eon daffies is dead " It was a bard task Under the' circumstance*, but I never'saw grace come out more beantifully. He said, 11 No one can judge what a great loss this is tome. James was hot only my eon, but he had become my friend. I talked with him about everything; he managed things for me | I had the fullest confidence in him, I have not merely lost a Child; I have lost my best earthly friend." And to the credit of God's grace I want to say that he did speak these wordB, and the tears were kept away. Now, dear friends, that is what Christ means. If we be true and loyal to God our Father there comes to be a Sense of friendship between Him and us, secondary love from Him towards us is developed and ex hibited—and, oh, what a joy it is! Now we see God's adopting love, we see that He took us and made us His children, and then we get into our hearts the spirit of adoption and love Him as our very Father, and then He loves us back again as His true and faithful children— Hi* friends. Oh, brethren, aim at having in that sense the love of God with you. Then we go to the third element—that in which the third person of the Trinity is brought to our notice, "ths communion of the Holy Ghost." I can understand thifc someone again might raise the question why— the order that we commonly associate with the Trinity having been set' aside—why does the Holy Ghost come in the last place? There is this about it, as you all know, amongst the very elementary truths—God loved us and gave Christ, Christ came and did the work of His humiliation, and went away and said, "If I go not away the Comforter will not come, but if I depart 1 will send Him unto you." ^" And I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you ever." So that practically, and according to the limited view of things that the human mind takes, the Holy Spirit is making the latest communication the result of experience and help and comfort after Christ has gone to His throne of glory. We can understand, therefore, why this should be the order—"the communion of the Holy Ghost." Now, we have to get the exact thought, if we can, about it. No man is regenerated but by the power of the Holy Ghost; no man is converted bat by the power of the Holy Ghost; no man is enlightened but by the power of the Holy Ghost. Indeed, the order seems to be some what like this. As many as reoeived Him to tbem gave He power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe in His name. And in the very act of believing they are made new creatures, for the next verse goes on to say, " Who were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." Some of you may be raising this ques tion,'* I am told oh one hand that I most believe in Jesus, and I am told on ' the other ' hand that I most be born again to' get to heaven. Now what is the order. Am I to wait until I am born again and then believe in Jesus ?" No, brethren, this is the way Jesus is presented to you, receive Him, trust Him, and believe Him, and in some mysterious way, the mode of which we do not attempt to define or explain, in the very act of receiving Him you become a new creature- you are born again, you are re generated. But these are not the forms of the Spirit's work to which the text alludes. The " communion of the Holy Ghost" means something else. . What is that something? It is fellowship, exchange of thought and feeling: the Holy Ghost speaking to us, we speaking again to the Holy Ghost. Does that seem strange to you ? Well, think of it 1 happen to say regarding a Mend that wj correspond. Does that mean chat I write to him ever so many letters and never get an answer! Why,' no. It means that I write to him and he re plies, he writes to me' and I reply —that is correspondence. You say ot someone, " He and I are friends." What does that mean ? Does it mean that yon now and then bare been doing friendly acta to him, that all is upon your side? Why, no, it means that yon, when you have the opportunity, show yourself a friend to him, and he not only responds with gratitude, but when he has the opportunity he 6hows his friendly feeling toward you. It is so here. "Communion!" It is not intercourse all from one side, it is intercourse from both sides. We make our appeal to the Holy Ghost, "Come, 0 breath, and breathe upon us," and the Holy Ghost makes His sppeai to us, com forting us iu our consciences, giving us light in our understandings, giving us guidance all our lives, breathing in praise in our hearts, rousing us to fervour in prayer, in our lives giving us power and making us holy. This is "the communion of the Holy Ghost." It does seem a wonderful thing to say that a humau spirit can have communion with a Divine spirit, the third person of the ever-blessed Trinity. We would not dare to say it if it were not in this Back; but what is in this Book we may say, we may believe, we may look for to be real ised iu our experience. Yes, there is the wonderful, matchless grace of *the Holy Gospel. The poor forlorn creature, helpless, desolate, lonely, in a garret in this city, in a cellar in some country town, believing in Jfsus can bavc communion with the Holy Ghoat, intercourse with the third person of the Trinity, so as to get comfort, and light, and strength, and peace; so as to say, if there were intelligence enough to put tho idea into words, "Somehow or other there is a Power above mybelf and above any created power that tells upon me and that works upon me so that I can bear, and hope, and forgive and love, and pity, and pray, and expect the greatest thing in the life that is to cojgp." That is the "com munion of the Holy Gho3t." But the practical thing I want to say to you now is this. If you wish to have these bless ings as professing Christians there arc some things that you have to think of yourselves. Let me put it in this way so that a child can understand it. Suppose you are giving a party and issuing invitations, and there luippened to be among your acquaintance a couple of families that you knew not to be oa good torus with one another. You would say to your«clff "What shall I do? It'would be very awkward to bring then* two tojr»!her in my house. No, I canuotdoit. I Ehall ask one now, and at another time the ether. I ooold not expect them to be happy and congenial brought thus 'together." That is dominion sense, everybody understands it. Well, now, my brethren, here is the lore of God, the grace of Christ, t hecommunion of the Holy Ghost, and you wish to have .them.-with you. But there are some other tilings- not congenial to Divinity; you oannot have,these and certain other things that you know together. " The lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eye, and the pride of life," the passions of the hour so strong within us, the varied forms, of ^self indulgence, compliance with the demands of the world, with life in wickedness, if you want to have these in your heart and life you must forego the other, they cannot meet together, they cannot abide in the same boBom so to speak, they will not be in the same life, yon must choose between the two. Now, I ask you what your decision ought to be. You know it your Bolf, come out and be separated from the world, resist the devil, break with the lasts, be con secrated unto God, say to Him: "0 God, J wish to have my heart for Thee, and my life for Thee, and my home for Thee, and my influence for Thee; I wish to be wholly Thine, andtheu you may look for this threefold blessing. ' 