Great Protection DemonitraHon. a n x — of celebrating tbe inauguration of the recently fotmed penttyl Csmheriaad Grand Protection COTnilg / %as't&*ih %htrTown Hall, Parramatta, on 'Itursday-evening last. Tie chair was occupied by the President ot the plat. Fletcher, tuchanan, There can be no doubt the of the meeting have been taking the first—and probably thw'IMyt .important—step in realising the object they have in view, i.e., the consolidation of their forces in the Central Cumberland electorate. If .there-did exist the slightest doubt that. eo-fot' as th&t; electorate is ooiioerned, the«aose cif Protection is making rapid progress, Thursday night's proceedings must nave dispelled it. In tbe body of the hall we noticed .scores of persons who some months ago would iave jecorned the id^a hi .being acconnte3ProtectioruBta. _ Mr. Gb» took the chair, aqd shortly addressed the meeting. He said that he did not remember ever having- attended, a jneeting with greater pleasure than the present, far he was convinced that, the cause in which they were -working wisa great and noble one. As they' all knew. heJiimself waabnt a. recent convert to the doctrine of Protection. Three or four years ago he had been asked by Mr. Rose to preside at a somewhat similar gathering; but after consideration he had declined to do so. Now his views were completely changed, and that for many reasons. If for Hone other he was convinced that, as a mere matter of duty to his own children, he was right in advocating Protection. The object of the meeting was the concentration of the work of the different branches of the Protection League in the electorate, so that when the moment for a fresh election arrived all would work as one solid organization. There could then be no question as to them succeeding. Mr. Gee referred to the fact that the meeting, large and representative as it undoubtedly was, wonld have been still better attended if many of their friends had not felt constrained to attend the festival in aid of the local hospital, which sadly required funds. The meeting would be addressed by the best men belonging to the Protectionist party, and he felt sure that if any were present who had not yet given in their adhesion to the party, they would no longer hesitate after hearing the arguments which would he addressed. (Loud cheers.) Mr. N. O. Buix (Liverpool), who was cheered on rising-, moved the first resolution,— That, in the opinion of this meeting, the present depression in trade, paralysis in production, and the consequent .want of employment in all branches of Industry, are' mainly dne to the free trade policy, which floods the country' with imported goods, deprives men of employment, and prevents oar youths tram tades 1 ; ana. sack a policy must be .replaced bj- tbe policy of discriminating protectioi all industries iuited to thficolcmj. Mr. Bull regretted that tha resolution had npt been entrusted to abler hands'; but they all knew that he, at all events, could claim the one merit of consistency as regarded protection. For seven or eight jears he had never ceased to plead its cause, and every day's experience showed him more and more how just and jaoceasary that cause was. The time was surely coming, when an out and oat policy of protection would prevail in the land, and then only would the people become once more prosperous. He moved the resolution. Mr. Johx Thobpb seconded. He referred to the fact of "some of their friends' being absent, but he had the best reasons for knowing that this absence was not in any way attributable to any want of sympathy on their part. They had amply gone to Boeehill as a matter of duty. A few shoit words suffice him. He believed thoroughly in Protection, and he gloried , in its progress. When the doctrine was first brought into prominence, those who advocated it were oonsidered mad; events had proved the abaurdity 'of such statements. As they knew, Sir Henry Parkes was a'staunch believer in ghosts. Well that gentleman had boasted at the Ivst general election, and since, of having killed the creature Protection outright. If he had done so, he must by this time have become aware that the ghosts of the creature were ariang on all sides of him, and in a very short time would prove too powerful for him and his freetrade party. -(Laughterand cheers). Mr. David Bcchakax rflse to .support the res3lutioh, and waa received with prolonged cheering. He said that the voice of the country was bow calling out, as he himself had done all along, that what waa styled " Freetrade was neither more nor less than ' False-trade" false from every point of view. The soul of Protection was that it found employment for all; the result of Freetrade was to he aeon every day in the thousands wandering aimlessly about the streets, anxious and willing to do work, yet finding none. Millions of money were spent out of the country for the benefit of the mechanics and labourers of England and America, while our own people were almost starving, lie fiscal policy ot the lsst twenty years was responsible for this frightful evil of the unemployed. Granted even that by getting our manufactures made • in the oountry, instead of importing them, l.people woiild have to pay a trifle more, what | need they care, for they would earn and have the money to pay these slightly- increased prioes. The Free-trade policy, which was raining the colony,. was kept Up amply by I combination of conspiring Bydnay importers, ^actuated by the most selfish motives. (Cheers.) • Supposing for a moment that the «dd fields I ceased to employ a portion of the . eurplns ' labour, then would the evils of Free-trade be felt in a farmore aggravated form. How bad the seeming prosperity under Free-trade arisen? By 'aliensting the people's projwrly—:fhe land —and living on itB proceeds. If the land Bales had been stopped ten years agO,i th«e would be', no '5,000 unemployed now ; there would he :no expenditare of £187,000 a year in supporting them. After referring to the question of the manufacture of • locomotives, Mr. Buchanan warned his hearers not to be lukewarm in the cause of Protection ; what was wanted was that men should be Protectionists to the backbone, that they should insist upon the great prindple that every thing which can be manufactured in New Sonth Wales shall he manufactured here ; that all the money which can be spent here mall he so spent. Let them stick t^hat pripciple^and as -aTreBnltof the next gasad 4lud.not 62 Pwteetiwd6f . present, hot at least a hundred. '. (Otiot j Mr. J. P. Abbott next spoke, ffesaid the meeting waa ao excellent onB, bntevmif ithad been less numerous, that need not discourag-e the -friends vtProtectian. . He congratulated them upon the course taken in providing one great organisation in the district Let them fight shoulder to shoulder, and they .xnust succeed. Each one present could and -chbuld do some little good in the »uae,if intm'oiher way by steadily keening ft In the ffreground by speaking ot it wherever he went. People who had becoBe convinced of His giuat truths of Protection ehotald not be %ont<9$ to feet there, Uliodl ls all they- could to draw others into the fold. It was woH-known that he himself bad only of lata changed bis opinions, nefiis^hi of Freetrade had been inculcated in huh from very childhood; and it was only rrinnUnUy that he gave' way when the flylnt« nuc fit j of something being done to relieve Os fearful deprenon in the was forced upon his Hs was nil had for aany years been an advocate for the cessation of the sale of Crown lands. Fifteen years ago ha had against the reckless and wasteful alienation of the people's estate. Aa in private life so in public life mm were apt to become extravagant when they bad aa abundance of money easily earned at command. Thus a fearful expenditore ted been engendered. He was a member of the Administration which first limited tho •btiOnmlnib, and he oasifMedthat at that time to error had been committed in not )rovidinjj other means to make op the loss of ncome thus occasioned. There. wonM have faff-wrae. itinned t proper fta; " - He bad ^'.Wtop^AV] with strifcw, but*** g Urt resource they baa sometimes to be resorted to. The seamen of theconntry ware now oembining to prot«^tra^faet Asi«tic labour being — ployed in" their line.,. They woe ptifeeay right in doing so, butthay "should njKtfop there; the introduction and etnpb]— ' " labour ofthe same class should be against as regards every branch i Mf-tibhctt referreflto various indu had been practically beaten oat of and wt>» : 'languishing nnder thfi system of Freetrade. If a change in the fiscal policy would result inenconraging mannfacturea then that change should be made. Froetradera asserted that higher prices would have to he "d for artidek manufadnred in" this country, rhspe BO at first; hut letmanafaciorier prove Temuneratire, competition would at once arise, and: : prices 1 would eventually beoome lower. Every conntry in the world, save England and New South Wales, had in its own interest been compelled to establish a system of protection. With successful' manufacturing interests all others wonld be mvived. Where one Here of land was now nnder cultivation, len or 'twenty -would then be utilised. He like others lived in tbe hope of seeing a federated Australia ; but that would never be possible, so long' as diverse, tariffs existed in the colonies. South Australia and Victoria Were immense gainers byioiir persistence in a free trade policy; it was time the people of New South Wales thought of themselves. Mr. Abbott urged the protectionists of Central Cumberland to avoid dissension ; they had chosen their executive officers and they honld consider themselves bound by their acta in public matters and support them in every way. If there were no split in tbe protectionist camp, a number of eeats_ would be gained by them at the next election—not in Central Cumberland alone, bnt all over the country. (Continued applause.) Mr. J. Flbtckbb, M.L A., supported the resolution. He said one reascn generally given by Freetraders for the continuance of that system was that nnder it the country had for many years enjoyed prosperity. What had thai past prosperity been due to P Why, simply to tbe alienation of the people's domain, and spending no le9s than four millions of the people's money, and to the fact of our borrowing money where and when we could. AQ the boasted prosperity had simply been fictitious. Of conne.money must be found to cany on the business of the State ; but under ths present absurd system of taxation it was a - fact that its burdens pressed more heavily on the rich than on tbe poor. The man who owned 10,000 seres often contributed no more than the labourer earning bis five shillings a day. Then Bgain, what opening was;there for the young men ot the oountry P Did bis bearers know of a single trade they would care to put their sons to P No. The people of the colony should rise against this pernicious system of Freetrade, this Calico-Jemroie-hood, designed to make & few. already wealthy importers inordinately so, while the many starved. (Applause.) Mr. Lyne, M.L.A., said be would be very brief. It was not necessary tbathe should Bay much after the brilliant speeches they had heard that night. He had no don>t that the object for which they had assembled would be accomplished. (Cheers.) Parramatta was, he wss very sorry to find, at present represented in Parliament by a Freetrader. Judging, how- ever, from what he had seen and heard, he hoped and believed that at the next election, which was not far distant, this state of things would be changed. (Hear hear.) At tbe conference ' held in Sydney, most important work had C done. From all parts of tbe colony most abundant evidence hid been forthcoming, showing, cot only that Protection had made giant strides forward, but that its disciples were prepared to work together for the common good. The issue of the whole question really rested with the working men of the colony; if they themselves did not care to be alive to their own interests now, how could they expect others to be so f He implored these men to think of their wives and little ones, and to throw aside—once for all—their apathy and indifference. Self-preeer'ation should be the common watchword in this matter. No man should be sent into the new Parlia. ment whom a Minister could influenoe in some way or other. They wanted out and out protectionists—not men who simply called themselves so. England's greatness had been built up' by adhering to the doctrine of protection uatil of late, and in the same way should we try to build up our nation at first, as Victoria was doing, whatever course might be followed later on. (Cheers). Mr. Hassaiil, 11X.A. also ehortly addressed the meeting, after which the resolution was put and carried onanimously. Amid the most tumultuous applause, Mr. McFablane, M.L.A., moved a vote of thanb to the chairman,.Jwhich was seconded by^Ir. B- Scott Bosi in a short and eloquent speech. Tbe Chaibxan having acknowledged the compliment, the meeting hrfllft up after giving three cheers for-the Queen and three for tbe tshairman. 