REVIEWS. PICTURESQUE ATLAS, Nos. 31 AND 32 (I). The last two numbers ot this well-known work are to hand. They deal with New Zealand; and the high average of excellence, and the low average of dull and interestless monotony, whioh have all along marked its artistic and scriptorial departments respec- tively, are well preserved in the latest specimens of it. Why utterly colourless nnd conventional oatalogttitig should bo accoptcd us " natural description " in such publications as this can only bo explained by tho foot that tho oditora oro quito incompetent, or that, tho great bulk of available mono}' being spent in tho illustrations, nothing but tho sorriest htiok-wcirk can bo got for fJio reading mutter. Anything like n real impression of tho placos " described " is out of tho Question. If ono docs not know tlio place, thon one rises from tho devastating task of wilding through all thÎB dead and fossilised lottorpress with a seiiBO of butllod impotenco qualified by a vaguo uneasy uightmuro of hideous rectangular churches, ottlces, warehousos, and no on. If one has boen at tho place, not to say known it well, then ono is impressed by tho fact that, were it tho sort of place " doscribed," overyono would long «go havo givon up the ghost in it from sheer tird'uun rita. Is every town in all Australasia from Port Darwin to Perth, from Mongonia to Invercargill, tho «ama if And, above all, is every ono of them tho sumo in tlio stylo which follows? "Tho most striking and imposing buildings in Queen-streot, uro Palmerston Buildings, a four »tory pilo at the entrance to tho wharf ; tho now offices of tho Mutual Lifo As-ociution of Australasia, buiid (sic/ of yollowish stone, and four stories high ; tho Now Zealand Company's buildings, sur- mounted by n tower containing tbo town clock with birgo dials iu three of its sidos ; the Victoria Arcado which," ¿to., ¿to., &o.; And this is tho sort of thing which ntauds for the material of a '. descriptive " sketch of Now Zealand. "Tlio Wonderland of Now Zealand " fares as badly. Hero is tho way wo havo Lako Rotorua, the homo of tho Terraces and all the picturesque marvels of volcano, geyser, and initierai spring. "Tho balcony ot tho Lake HOURO oommanÜs an ex- tensivo view over the bluo waters of Lako Rotorua, which is twenty-seven miles circumference; and the nativo villago of Ohiuemutu, at the base of a jutting peninsula, is in the immediato foreground; half-a-tnilo from it is Sulplmr Point, with its sanatorium, comprising hospital aud baths, erected by the Government at a cost of £20,000, and in the-," ¿to., &c;, ¿to. Sir. Schell's pictures in theho two numbers are, with ono or two exceptions, scarcely samples of that charming landëcapist at his best; but, in cases like tho "SVairakei Hot Springs- and Te Iluka Falls" (page 595), or " Through tho Seventy mile Rush (page C03), or the " Manawatu Gorge" (page G02), ho shows a capacity for solid work too often neglected by him fur "taking" and too facile effects. Oue little vignette, " Soldiers' Graves, Tauranga," from a sketch by E. Uouldsmith, is wonderfully pictorial and suggestive. Tho following description of the now destroyed Terraces may bo given. It is, with one or two other quota- tions from other people, the only readable matter in the dreary and weary lengths of the attached letterpre-es. " Tho dull uninteresting nspect of tho lake and its scrubby vegeta- tion seemed rather to enhance "than to detract from the magnificence of those-splendid natural staircases. The "TVhiro Terrace sur- passed ita sister in size and loveliness. At a distance it looked like white alabaster, but on nearer approach was seen not to be white bnt tinged with faint salmon or cream colour. Sometimes when illaininsted by tho sunshine it glittered with the varied colours of- an opal, ¿n effect, however, not attributable to the sub- stance of the terrace its- clf, which was opaijuo and so nearly white that a clo-e inspection was required to detect the delicate flu«h over iti surface, but arising from tho action of light on the water rippling downwaids to the lake. Ia the crater and tbo baths on the lips of the terrace this water was a lovely blue and the crystals deposited in its passage formed themselves into regular groups covering (l! "Pieturesiue Atln" Publishing Coaipanv, Pr tlne-j- and M-lNjnrae. tha wholo surfaco with a fine lacowork. There was not nn inch of it that had not in this way been chiselled, as it wero, into graceful lines and centres, which tho natives, apt to eoiza upon rosemblances, had appropriately com- pared to tattoo, from which naiho Te-Tara ta was derived. Tbo terrace was fan- shaped, with a crater at tho apex, and tbo full exten- sion on tho ' lako lovel ; the stairs or buttro«sos wero also of unoqual height, varying from a few inches to 12ft. The Piuk Terraoo has boeu formed Uko the while, but was of Emaller area, tho surfaco smooth -as enamol, and of a pronounced pink hue. Tho water in tho crater was usually calm, just simraoriug, and gently flowing over tbo rim. Ouo might stand on tho margin and look far down into its'azure depths, a spectacle matched only by the coral fotest viewed in the shimmering of a placid sea. Tho baths in tho terrace wero shallow, but sensuously luxurious, imparting a. peculiar smoothutss to tho skin, as though a fairy Itadiimo Rachel bad covered it with an ex- quisite varnish." That is something of a description-vivid mid yet most accurate and actual. It is certaiuly the best yet given of tho Terraces. PAMPIILKTS. (1) "Tho Critical Method and the History of Testimony as discouised of in 'Robert Els- more,' " is one of the many vvavolets thrown up by Mrs. Ward's notable book in its passago «long tho surfaco of theological thought. Discarding all subordinate points, tho author (W. Stacey Chapman, 1\I.A.) boldly attaoks tho central position of the book by challenging | tlie basis on whioh Squiro "Wondover's muyimm cm«? and supposed resistless argument touching testimony is matlo to rest. Tho squiro's argu- ment, it will bo romombored, is that tho Chris- tian history rosta ou testimony in its "pre scientifio stages," and that all íiistory which so rests is unreliable With no littlo acutonoi.8 Mr. Chapman takes this pretentious generalisation to pieces, exhibits it as n, remarkable illustration of the maxim that Jhtiis Intel i it geiteraWnt*, and shows that its Btrict application would leavo us in utter ignoranoo of all ancient his- tory. Attacking tho liroat phrnso " pro soiontific," ho argues thnt tho " devolopmotit" of testimony, of which tho squire malms so much, holds good, not of man's powers of observation, but rather of the field in which thoy aro oxorcised. Ho very successfully con- tends that tho sciences of "tho crediblo" and of " tho ratioual," describod by tho squire as indispensable instruments of research, havo cither no existonoo, or aro a moro bogging of tho question. Tho crediblo is only limited bj' tho possible, and tbo scionoo of tho first in- volves a scienco of tho socond. But would any sensible man uudortake to formúlalo snob ii scienco ? Tall talk of this kind is a ropotitioti in another form of the underlying assumption that minióles nre impossible, and (ho assumption is not strenctlienod by tho talk. Passing Blich points ns tho arbitrariness of tlio canon, and tho theologian's "mako boliove" regarding its stutomont», our nntlior comos to tho demand mudo that all testimony to bo reliable should bo capable of historical veri- fication right down from tho date of the fact asserted. Tiio big titlo, " History of Testi- mony," means, in our opinion, something olso than this, but. thors can bo no doubt that tbo squiro and his exhibitor, Mrs. Wnril, mako this tho criterion of validity- Af tor tho inuuuor of TVhately's " Historio Doubts " touching tlio oxisteuco of Niipoloon, Mr. Chapman shows with great force and bomo humour that on this prinoiplo such nn ovent as tho reported assassi- nation of Julius Cajsur booomos both iimoliablo and incrodiblo. Not only is tho deed im- probable in itsolf, nnd not only do lho rooorda differ seriously ovor its details ; but no ono of tho narrators saw tho dood, or was so much as a ooutomporary of tho pin ties involved. Tho Uospols, on tho othor limul, uro uoords both of contemporarios and cyo-witnesses of tho events narrated, and fulfil all reasonable scien- tific conditions hotter than any other extant history of anciout timos. With similar inoisivoness Mr. Cliapnrtu disposes of tho idoa that tho testimony of any particular timo "mint um" in certain pro-oxisting'. moulds orchnnnols;" and ho concludes with tbo pro- position that "tho value of human testimony doponds not on tho ago on which it is givou, whothor scientifio or pro-scientific, but on tho compotenco and truthfulness of thoso who giro it and thoso who transmit it." Wo ooimuond tho pamphlot to tbo perusal of nny who may havo been perploxed by the pretentious reason- ing with which it grapples. (2) " Aro medical man justiitod in proscribing nlcoholio liquors ?" by Dr. T. P. Lucas. Tho question as to whether, or to what extent, medical mon nro justiñod in proscribing alcoholic liquor.1, is one which is surely oapablo of being tieutod soberly, and which, in viow especially of tho loarued class whoso conviction wo prosumo was aimed at, should not if possible bo disfigured by hysterics. The hysterionl stylo comes willi tho worwj grnco /ion» an author who is hiinsolf a módico, and who ought to know that it would grioyoinuy prejudice his utterances with his professional brethron. Dr. Luoas'u method of writing ruav bo gathered from the faot that on tho first hulf-pago thero aro seventeen marks of exclamation, and four of interrogation, as airaiust ilvo periods and six commas. The excited doctor bober.s down after a bit, but we aro still bowildcrod by tho multi- plicity of his paragraphs, and annoyed by tho necessity of looking carefully for tho lino of thought. Tho unhappy impression oonvoyod is that Or. Lucas is moro intent on ingratiating hinihelf with tho public, than on convincing his brethren. Wo rogret this tho moro as wo do not think tbo author means it, and wo aro almost ontirely at one with him in his conclu- sions. In truth, with n loss spasmodic ktylo, it would havo boon very fairly apparent that ho had proved his case. Ho deals with tho fallacies, first, that alcohol is an antisoptio ; secondly, that it is a food ; thirdly, that its stimulating property is beneficial (allowing for some raro cases which ho enumerates) ; fourth, that it is useful as a narcotic ; and filth, that it gives ktrength. If thc-o divisions aro not distinctive, tho fault is tho author's, whoso tjcurmu wo havo done our bast to satin order. Wo have much sympathy with tho demand Dr. Lucas makes at tho closo that medical mon should treat alcohol scientifically as a chomical agency, as they do othor drugs. " If the conscientious, woll-informod Bcionttst «oes in alcohol tho timely, temporary rpraody, thon lot him do us he would with other remedies-? giro it pure, und in sciontifically-judged dosos, properly diluted with water. But to glvo the vilo compounds prepared by spirit manu- facturers, brewers, and publicans is to lower the intellect of the day." And wo especially commend to the faculty and the publio generally the significant contrast given on pp. lil, 14 between tho history of diseaso with and without tho alcoholic treatment. Of tho vast amount of evil wrought by the heedless alcoholic prei- oriptions there cannot bs tho slightest doubt. i 