HOW WE GOT OUE BIBLE. XI. Four years afterwards, we glauce at their work again. They have reached now the First Epistle General of St. John, and the sheets lying before them contain part of the 5th chapter. No question of importance arises till the 7th verse is reached — " For there are three that bear record in heaven— the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one And there are three that bear record in earth the Spirit, and the Water, and the Blood, and these three agree in one : " — when it is pro posed that that part of the passage which we have here placed in brackets be omitted, as not belonging to the original text. Time was, when such a suggestion would have roused a formidable contro versy ; but textual criticism has greatly progressed since then, and the question is not considered by the revisers even to need discussing. The evidence is as follows : — The passage occurs in two modern Greek manuscripts — one of them in the library of Trinity College, Dublin, —in one or two ancient versions of com paratively little value, and many modern copies of the Vulgate ; besides which it is quoted by a few African Fathers, whose testimony, on the whole, is not of much weight in its favour. Against this are to be set the following facts: — (1) Not a single Greek manu script or church lesson-book before the fifteenth century has any trace of the passage. This in itself would be sufficient evidence against it. (2) It is omitted in almost every Ancient Version of any critical value, including the best copies of the Vulgate (St. Jerome's Eevised Bible) ; and (3) No Greek Father quotes it even in the _ arguments about the Trinity, where it would have been of immense importance if it had been in their copies. There is other evidence against it also ; but it must be quite clear, even from this, that the passage only lately got inter polated into our Greek Testament, and never had any right to its place in the English Bible. The Eevisers therefore omit it from the text. But the reader must not think that this description re presents the amount of care bestowed on the work. After this first revision had been completed, of a certain portion, it was transmitted to America and reviewed by the American committee, and re turned back again to England. Then it underwent a second revision, taldng into account the American suggestions, and was again sent back to America to be re viewed. After these four revisions, it underwent a fifth in England, chiefly with, a view of removing any roughness of rendering. And there was yet a sixth, and in some cases even a seventh re vision, for the settling of points that we need not enter on more fully here. ' So that we may have every confidence that the changes made, whatever their merits, at least were made only after the most thorough consideration. And so the work went on, month after month, and more than ten years had passed, and some of the most eminent of those who sat that summer day in the Jeru salem Chamber were numbered among the dead, when, on the evening of No vember 11, 1880, the New Testament Company assembled in the Church of St. Martin-in-Fields for a special service of prayer and thanksgiving, — "of thanks giving for the happy completion of their labours ; of prayer that all that had been wrong in their spirit or action, might mercifully be forgiven ; that- He whose glory they had humbly striven to pro mote, might' graciously: accept this their service, and use it for the ; good of man and the honour of His holy name." Four years afterwards, ; the Old Testa ment Company finished , their work, and on May 5th„1885, the complete Eevised Bible was in the hands of the public. : .' And now a few words about this Ee vised Bible. It is quite outside our plan to offer any criticisms on its merits or de merits, or. any judgment as to its ultim ate reception. Indeed, it is rather soon, yet to pronounce very confidently on either question. For many yearB after its first appear ance, our present grand Old Version , had to encounter fierce opposition: and severe criticism. Broughton, the greatest He brew scholar of the day, wrote to King James " that he would rather be torn asunder by wild horses than allow such a version to be imposed on the church and yet in the end, it won its way, and attained a position that no version before or since, in any country, has attained. "Whether the New Version will equally succeed, or. whether, as is the general opinion, it will need a revision before being fully received, remains yet to be seen. But, in any case, let us, give it a fair unprejudiced reception. Dr. Bickers- teth tells of a smart young American deacon, who thought to crush it on its first appearance, by informing his people that " if the Authorised Version was good enough for St. Paul, it was good enough for him," and it is to be feared that with many people who are far less ignorant, there is sometimes a similar spirit exhibited. Now, let us remember that whatever the merits or demerits of the book, it is at least entitled to respect as an earnest attempt to get nearer to the truth, and to present to English-speak ing people the results of two centuries of study by the most eminent Biblical scholars. No previous revision has ever had such advantages as this. Not to speak of the valuable manuscripts available, " upon no previous revision have so many scholars been engaged. In no previous revision has the co-opera tion of those on it been so equally diffused over all parts of the work. In no previous revision nave those who took the lead, in it shown so large a measure ,of r Christian confidence in those who were - outside their own communion. In no previous; revision have such effective precautions been created, by the very composition of the body of Eevisers, against accidental over sight, or against any lurking bias that might arise from natural tendencies, or ecclesiastical prepossessions. On these accounts alone, if on no other, this Eevision may he fairly said to possess peculiar claims upon the confidence of all thoughtful and devout readers of the Bible. It was objected by some, when this Eevision was first proposed, that it would be dangerous to unsettle men's faith by showing them that the old Bible they so reverenced contained many passages wrongly translated, and some even which had no right to a place in it at all. . It is pleasant to see that such unworthy senti ments are rapidly disappearing. It would be a sad case indeed if men's faith, were to depend on their teachers keeping from them facts which they themselves have long since known — acting, to use Dean Stanley's scathing comparison, like the Greek bishops at Jerusalem, who pretend at Easter to receive the sacred fire from heaven, and though they do not profess to believe personally in the supposed miracle, yet retain the ceremonial, lest the ig norant multitudes who believe in it should have their minds disquieted. Far better to do what has been done — fear lessly make any changes that were necessary to remove the few superficial flaws in our Bible, and try to teach men the grounds on which such changes were made. Our faith is given to the infallible words of the inspired writers. It is no disparagement to them if we discover that fallible men, in collecting and trans lating these words have sometimes made mistakes,, and it is certainly no honour to the words which we profess to reverence, if we knowingly allow these mistakes to remain uncorrected. When King James's translation was offered, there was no such fear of unsettling men's faith, for the men of that day had already four or five different Bibles competing for their favour, and so they easily distinguished between an Inspired Original and the English Yersions ot that original, one of which might easily be better than another. Eightly understood, this Eevision should be rather a ground for increased confi dence, showing us how nearly perfect we may consider our English Bible already, when we find that this thorough criticism and the investigation of material collect ing Tor the past two hundred years, has left unchanged every doctrine which we found in our 'Old Version, while it cer tainly is helping us to understand some of tliem more clearly than we . ever did before. A few remarks on- the New Eevision itself will- close these chapters.: The Eevisers refer to . their work under the heading of Text, Translation, Language, and Marginal Notes. > Whatever ; may , be thought of their corrections of the Text, (i.e., the original Hebrew and Greek,) the reader is already in a position in some measure to judge of the .sources of information accessible to them and of their .fitness to make such corrections. . As to Translation apd Language,, per haps there is foundation for the charge, against the New Testament .Company at least, of haying disregarded the first rule laid down for them by \ convocation, " to introduce as few alterations as possible into , the text of the Authorised Version." But before condemning them, : it is only fair to read their explanations in the preface. \ This at least will be universally -allowed, that if we have lost in smoothness and , beauty of diction, we have greatly gained in point of accuracy. A scrupulous atten tion to the force of the Greek article, the different tenses of verbs, and the delicate shades of meaning in participles and prepositions, will account for many of the minor changes which, though they may seem at first sight trifling and unnecessary will often be found to affect seriously the meaning of a passage. The Eevisers also claim to have avoided the practice adopted in" the Authorised Version of translating, for the sake of euphony the same Greek word by different English words. For example, we have comforter and advocate — eternal and ever lasting — count, and impute and reckon — as respectively renderings of the same Greek word, while on the other hand, to take only one example, the word " ordain " represents ten different words in the original Greek. The result of such a practice is, that the English reader using a Concordance, or the marginal references of his Bible, to compare passages where the same word occurs, is sometimes misled and frequently loses much useful informa tion. In such cases, the Eevisers have sacrificed elegance to accuracy of transla tion, though, of course, that is not a sufficient plea, unless it can be shown that elegance and accuracy cannot here go together. The Marginal Notes contain much valuable information, and often throw fresh light on the translation in the text. But it is to be regretted, that in a book intended for indiscriminate circula tion, the Eevisers have .used one class of these notes rather unguardedly. When such expressions are found as "Some manuscripts read the passage thus, 1 some ancient authorities omit these words,' " &c.;, the reader who understands the state of the case, sees nothing disturbing in the fact that out of a large number of authori ties examined, some few should vary from the reading found in all the others. Such readers the Eevisers seem to have had in view. They did not enough think them selves into the position of the plain simple men and women who have never heard of such matters, and on whom one cannot help fearing, from the frequent repetition of such notes, a . disturbing effect which is in reality quite unwarran-t ted. . .. i A very valuable improvement is- the arrangement of the text into paragraphs adapted to the Bubject. The continuity of thought, is. .not, as in our Authorised Version, interrupted by. : frequent ; and often very( injudicious breaks into verses; while yet the facilities for reference are retained, by the numbering of the old division in the margin. The ; printing of the poetical books in proper metrical form may be considered, too, a decided advantage. They were directed also to revise the headings of chapters, and it would certainly be an advantage if this were well done, adapting it to the para graph system. But there is much force in their reason for leaving it undone. It involved, in many cases, expressions of theological opinion which could not fairly find a place in the Bible. Indeed, Jewish readers have had to complain of the Old Testament chapter ; headings in the Authorised Version, that when the pro phets speak of sin it is always the sin of the Jews; but when of glory and of holi ness, it is the glory- and- holiness-of the Church. On the whole, whatever the imperfections of the Eevised Bible, and whatever; its fate may be in the future, wo may at the very least claim a present position for it, as a valuable commentary to the readers- of the AuthorisedVersion; placing; them; as <. nearly as an English version can :on, a level with: the reader of the original tongues. . ; And now we have- followed the story, of; the j Bible from the. old record s.-of 1800 . years ago, to the new Book which is in our hands to-day, and it is hoped that the question has; been in some measure answered— How ' we got our Bible. Let the story help us . to value; our Bible more. It is not without purpose that God ; has so wonderfully preserved His message; it is not without purpose that He raised' up- His workers to search out the precious manuscripts from the dusty libraries of convent and cathedral, to collect aud compare . them together with such toil and care, and then to render into clear and graceful English for us, the verymessage which He sent to earth thousands of years ago, to comfort and brighten human, life. .." Other men indeed have laboured and we; have entered into their labours." May it please Him who has so preser ved for us His ; Word, to grant us " increase of grace to hear meekly that Word; and to receive it with pure affection, and to bring forth the fruits of the Spirit !" ' -y " 