NORTH GOULBURN WESLEYAN CHURCH. About seven years ago over half an acre of land at the corner of Union and Lagoon streets was purchased for the sum of £200 by the mem- bers of the Wesleyan church for the purpose of erecting a church for their adherents at North Goulburn, but nothing further was done in the matter until a few months ago, when several members came to the determination of pro- ceeding with a building for public worship. A church committee consisting of Messrs. C. Col- burt, J. W. Wombey, H. R. Pedley, R. Kennedy (treasurer), and W. H. Woodland (secretary), was appointed, and they had plans prepared for a build- ing. Tenders were invited, and that of Messrs. F. R. Everett and T. S. Godfrey was accepted for the erection of the building without the internal fittings. The amount of the tender is £239 15/. The church will be 35 ft. by 25 ft, and will be built of brick with an iron roof. The style is Gothic. It will be lighted with gas, will seat 150 persons, and will be furnished with reversible seats and a neat rostrum. The foundation stone of the new church was laid yesterday afternoon by Mrs. J. W. Wombey, wife of Alderman Wombey, one of the trustees for the Wes- leyan church property in Goulburn. Some importance was attached to the ceremony by the members of the church and there was a large attendance, in- cluding many members of other religious bodies. The Rev. W. Sparling (Primitive Methodist) was present by invitation from the committee. Shortly after four o'clock the ceremony of laying the stone was begun by the Rev. A. J. Webb giving out the 990th hymn in the Wesleyan collection, which was sung by the assemblage. The Rev. W. Sparling read portions of the fifth chapter of first book of Kings and the second chapter of Ephesians, and Mr. Webb offered an appropriate prayer. Mr. Woodland stated that a bottle would be placed under the stone containing copies of the Weekly Advocate, the local papers, and the follow- ing document: The foundation stone of this church was laid by Mrs. J. W. Wombey, wife of Alderman John Williams Wombey Esq., one of the trustees for the Wesleyan church property in Goulburn, on the 12th day of October in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, being the fifty second year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the centenary of the foundation of the Colony of New South Wales: the Right Honorable Charles Robert Baron Carrington P.C. G.C.M.G. being Govereor of New South Wales Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G., premier of the Colony; Henry Shuttleworth Gannon, Esq., Mayor of this City ; the Rev. George Lane, presi- dent, and the Rev., Charles Stead, secretary of the New South Wales conference ; The Rev., Arthur John Webb, minister in charge of the Gualburn ciruit; Messrs. C. Colbert, J. W. Wom- bey, H. R. Pedley, R. Kennedy (treasurer) and W. H. Woodland (secretary), the church committee ; Messrs. F. R. Everett and T. S. Godfrey, contractors. Mr. Webb gave the following address :--I will not keep you in this fervent sun by many words, but will proceed at once to state the object for which we are building this chapel at North Goulburn. It is to promote the glory of God, by giving additional facilities for His Divine worship. We raise this house to His name, and dedicate it to the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; that it may be a house of praise and prayer, that men and women, youths, maidens, and children may be in- duced to, in the words of our mother church, "set forth His most worthy praise, to hear his most holy word, and to ask those things that are requisite and necessary as well for the body as the soul." Also to proclaim here the doctrines and duties laid down in tie New Testament. We are bound by our church rules to preach the doctrines of the Divine Trinity in unity; of man's fallen state and helpless condition without superior aid ; of the way of salvation by re pentance towards God and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ; of the ability and willingness of Jesus Christ to save unto the uttermost all that come unto God by Him.' The doctrines known as those of "the Witness of the Spirit" and of "Entire Sanctification" are to be set forth in this building we are about to found this afternoon. The action on the human soul of the Holy Spirit of God will be a frequent theme within the walls we hope soon to see rising above this long vacant corner piece of ground. We shall aim at the conversion of souls; at the de- nunciation of all forms of man-destroying sin; and at the improvement of public morals. A Sunday school will be carried on in the edifice we are about to raise for the religious training of the young, and we desire that this chapel should be a centre of the hlghest influence for the purity, social well-being, moral health, and spiritual salvation of the people of North Goulburn. Such our intention : these the uses to which the structure is to be applied and may God accept our undertaking and succeed the work. A myall mallet and a silver trowel with an ivory handle bearing this following inscription -"Pre- sented to Mrs. J. W. Wombey for the laying of the foundation-stone the North Goulburn Church, 12th October 1888; minister, Rev. A. J; Webb "--was handed to the lady performing the ceremony by Mr. Woodland, and she laid the stone in due form and said; "I declare this stone well and faithfully in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Mr. Wombey gave the following address:—Mrs. Wombey and myself feel it a great honour and plea- sure in being here today, especially on such an important occasion. About seven years ago I sup- ported a resolution at the trustee meeting to purchase this land, and I am pleased to say that I have never regretted the course I took—my only regret has been that a place of worship has not been erected here before. Instead of expending our efforts elsewhere, we have been centralising our work in Goldsmith street, and in so doing, I am afraid North Goulburn and other places have suffered. How ever, by sanctioning the erection of this building, the trustees are endeavouring to mend their ways. I know there are doubts in some minds as to the success of this enterprise ; but I have no misgivings about the matter. We have only to look around us and we can see the fields already white with harvest; and when this building is erected there will be faithful workers of the Lord who will go forth into the highways and byways and compel them to come in. Many now who never enter a place of worship will bless the day when this church was built, and will carry on the work when the present workers are gone to their reward. Our united prayer is that the blessing of the Most High may rest upon this edifice, and upon the work which shall be done here for the extension of our Re- deemer's kingdom. Mr. Webb announced that the following sums had been received towards the erection of the church: Mrs. Wombey, £5 5/; Mr. F. R. Everett, £2; the North Goulburn congregation, £35; Mr. Lake (Thurlow), £1; Mr. Grubb (Forest Lodge). 10/; and £1 10/. collected from those present. It is expected that the total proceeds of the ceremony, including tea-meeting, will be about £80. The proceedings concluded with the 993rd hymn and the Benediction. After the ceremony was concluded a tea-meeting was held in a large booth erected by the committee upon the cleared ground. The attendance was very large, it requiring several sittings before all had par- taken of tea. Tables were given by Mesdames Wombey, R. Kennedy, H. R. Pedley, A. H. Line, and W. H. Woodland, and the following gave contribu- tions towards the tea:—Mesdames R. Craig (Sloane street), C. W. Furner, J. Bray, and W. R. Riley. At half-past seven a public meeting was held in the booth, when addresses, interspersed with singing by the Goldsmilth- street church choir, were given by several gentlemen. A report of this meeing will be given in next issue. 