THE GERMAN ART GALLERY. The German pictures ba-c been placed oa the opposite side of the building in a caller? corresponding 10 that occupied by the British loan collection. Tho restless crowd natural? passed from one 10 the other, aud it was fltflj wonder that many of the visitors walked homa after the view debating in their own rniudi which of the fine art disp'aya they liked fia best. Germany has certainly poaied no oainj in the attainment of her desire for worthv re- presentation at tbo Centennial Exhibition. Above everything she was bent upon kapresj. iug Australians with the fact that whilst as 1 manufacturing' nation she ins been during recent ycar3 running her competitor) a hnd race for supremacy, she ban been aho indus trious ia the cultivation of art. Indcsd tl» progrcs of German art has gone hand-ia- inud with the advancement 0: her commerce Wealth ia necessarily the harbinger o: culture and the number of good picture that ha? issued from Gorman studios during the of prosperity that have accrued to that natic-a since the clo«e of the war with France, afronii another illustration of how dependent even ths higher aspiration? of humanity are upon mate rial assistance. The art of Germany in iudan of internal weakness and disseurion was drooping and ineffectual art, a mere ghost otitj former soif. Tho people were too poor to buy pictures, and although one may not U7 that artists were too poor to paint tLom, mil it was too much to cxpec? tliut yeung e<» with talcntn that are merely passable woci-l fling theinrclve.: into a Btriie which couM at mot only brim: tlie in a name. aud. , primp, liot even that. Thus, with iocreasir.g wealth, Germany can boast of a pro gressive art. Let in hope that ths rich Australian citizen, when he Rtrohj through the gallery will remember this aud learn no doubt for the first time fcli own duty to tho young country for who-i advancement in this resnectho above all othen is responsible. So much for the existence of the pictures themselves. There is a signitiraat reason, however, for their presence in Mel bourne. Somehow or othor it has come to the ear of these youug arti9ts abroad that icstiiotic Germany 13 most intimately known in Australia by the rubbishy daubs that find their way in hundred? iuto our second-rate picture dealers' shop3, and are often hawkel round thn country on tho time payment system along with family Bible# and eewing-mzchiae?. Of course we have ouraelvci to blarce for it. Whilst we are willing to buy pictmcs manu factured liko wall-paper, hungry men without an atom of talent will natuiaily turn theia out by the cart-load. But the German artist® are just now in a compli mentary inood : and so it is that they overlook the fact that the rubbish is suppliei in obedience to au uiimistakeablo demand, isi pitving our ignorance which they affect nci to see, send out to ub what ir. probably the tut collection of German pictures) ever exhibited ia a foreign country. The gallery ha been divided into three saloons and a pavilion, and the paintings lu?5 been hung with conniderablc taste by Kerr Alqmst, an artist who is himself repre sented in tho collection by meriiorioai work. Having been organised under the con trol of the Imperial Government, every pic ture subjected to tlio criticism of au official jury, and the entire expense of the undertaking defrayed by the national exchequer, it-can hardly bo called a loan collection. Mo3t of tie paintings arc from the ntudion of young artists, many of them avo still too "green" to varnish, and nearly all represent tbo work of very recent yea:, some having bceu executed specially for tho Mellourai Exhibition. To enter on a minute descrip tion. of pictures by artist with whose very name# we are most of us unfamiliar would le a thankless task. When writers and readers alike have ppenfe pleasant hours iu carefully studying thern, thore will be some excuse for indulging in an exchange of sentiment, lu:ia the meantime it is enough to say of the col lection generally that it is undoubtedly nolle, j and that it manifests in a marked degree tha I close relationship of British and German j thought, French art is one thing, British ai:-4 German art is quite auothcr. Nothing indec-i could be further removed from the pictures of a Parisian salon than these sobei, dignined I works of modern German painters. There it I scarcely au uud raped figure in the gallery; I there are few tragic scenc-« ; theatrical effect I has boon overlooked in a conscientious study I of nature aud the result is an exhiiiUioa of I pictures the majority of which might well i.® I mistakeu for the woik of BritUii artist®, I Thrco art centres of Clerrnauy have con- I tributed their quota. Tho schools of I Berlin, Dusaoldorf and Munich were found?! I upon a basis suggestive of wide r.d I continuous divergence, but so nearly hare I their teachings approximated that in spite c-f I old traditions it would be next to impossib.a I for anyone judging alono from tho subject 01 I tho picturo and the manucr of treatment to uj I "this ono i from Berlin," or "that froa I Dusaoldorf." A portrait of Prince Bkmaru I elicited tho profomidcst admiration. in fairness it must be admitted that the impression created in the minds of dm- of th® spectators v.'ho veotcrday lingers! before it after viewing the picture! of the British collection was more demonstratively favorable than thoy had experienced ju tbe pre- seuce of Mr. Giaustone, Cardinal N«wiou,ot Matthew Arnold. The " Iron Chancellor' u depicted in the heat of a Parliamentary ItfJ. He has risen to address the House upon ttl troubles of Europe. "Gentlemen," he ie say ing, "what do we care about the Bulpari-a question ? Bulgaria i# too small a country .. bring about a war between England and Uusw. Bismarck b a laborious speaker, and at itt beat of times his manner upou such occasx.,1 is the reverse of elegauce. Now he is standi-# with a flhect of paper in his left hand aud mi right buried in the tails of his doublc-bieastsl coat. Tbe nicture is eloquent, 11 tthe state® J in not : and in every sense it is trul.v a "spr ing likenesp." As a work of art it roost w included in the very highest class 0. uortriil painting®. From the brush of VTern«»r, tfcew-l of the Berlin school of artist#, it claims a pJJJ side by side with tha " ilillnia " and the "Ho.H of tEuglbh galleries. Upon another p:cuui the visitors lavished more than their wonttf praise. It was one more conception of tor Saviour's dyiuf? moments. Tho Christ mi suffered all," and with an exuresriou of im intenscet agony is yielding hi? «pirit to taj angel of death, who balances wuw (for Death ia thi# instance nai a woman's face) heavily npoa the ciot Piglhcim i the artist. Only a few year.? he was bestowing his wonderful talents the worthless nyraph of the Genr.au numc- halls. Friends remonstrated, and at length u fiheer desperation he told them that be ecu. paiut a Christ a® well as a tinselled cancug girl. Ho has certainly succeeded. "J picture? in the collection aro landscapes, tnonj very, many includo-Vimportant figure Briju' Norwegian Fiords aVe a favorite theme ot . German artist, dead birds arc depicted heie a- there, and bunches cf flowers relieve intervals. There arc few Btriytiy cb??ica. |. tures, and few interiors in which the expended himself upon details iuvoiviuk c antiquarian study. The scenes arc P«oenJ German; the characters by whom tuey oftenest poopled are pictnreque Jntl...ir: "' trious peasants, and th® hatme of tbe If lei trared is found in the simple homely lacni that accords so well with tbe modern tu£.. taste in matters of art. # . Tho Victorian picture gallery is well . voi "#7 of close inspection, and 0 arc the adraino- drawings which occupy a large amount 0. '<< space ou the adjacent corridor and are w.o? exhibited by tho '.Picturesque Atlas of Australania. We can only rush past 1 now. however. Another time we rauit ibs« tbem more closely. 