A. IOHST STORJY. SIIOME'S FIRIST VISION. ("D. D. oMIiu: Ds I.I!a A.nD ??5asox," DY xADAOMUI DOUOLeAS iO?rO.) Homo wan, an unal, with" his frieltd Edwin in the woods. The two boye were both groat readers, and when either of them had found anything in a book tluhat interested him, it was uare to be conuounicated to the other. On this occasion-it woo in April, 1845 or 181d-Edwin was full ofa ghoat story that hie had just rold. The event it related to is ,aoatciato with the history of a noble English family; und I am told that it furnished Sir Walter iSott with the rounhdwork of one of hia l1hltln. A lady and ier lover lad mutually agreed that, if there were a life beyond this, Uth one who died firet should appear to the survivor. In pursuance of this vow, the lover, within at few days of his death, presented himseilf to his mistreos. She treated the vision i a dIlusion of her senses; on which the spirit strotched forth his hand and laid it on hers leaving' thlre In ark thitt was iuetffiieetble. Manmy yenor after he hald litcened to this legend in the woods of Norwich, Ilomo taot in England it member of thi faimily to which it related, and was assured that thli history was well authen ticated, and thait a portrait of its heroine still existed, known in the fanily as "the lady with the black rilbon," from a crering she had always worn on her wrist, to conceal the mark. When Edwin's story was told the two boys set themselves to discuss it, and also the possibility of such apptritions of departed spirits to those whom they have loved on earth. With the romance of their age, they ended by agree ing to bind thoemnolves by the same promise that the two lovers in the legend had taken, and ox changed vows on the spot, in the most solemn nainor they could devise. A faw wooks later Home went to live at Troy. He was then about thirteen years of ago. In the oonth of Juno following he had' been Iponding the even ing at a frfond'i house, and on return. ing to that of his aunt found that sbahad already rotirel to. rest. Fearing to be scoldod fPr being late, her nephew hastened to follow her example. It was a lovely summer's night, and the moon, shining through the cur. tainles window of his room, rendered a candle muiecessary; but at the moment when the boy, having Ilishllod his praiyer, wie slipping into lied, her light wae euddouly darkened. Staitled by the phenomoeno, Homo looked up, and beheld a vision that he hna described in the opening chapter of his "Incidents in My Lifo," published in the year 1863 by Mea?rs. Longmanu: "I was about to draw the sheet over me," he writes, " when a sudden darkness seemed to porvado thO room. This surprised me, inasmuch as I had not ceen a cloud in the sky ; and on looking up I sawo the moon still shining, but it was on Uth other aide of the dar:kneec wlhich still grew more oenee, until through theo darkness thre nseemed to be a gloama of light, which I cannot describe; but it wau similar to those which I and many othert have since Ueen when the room has been illuminated by liritual presence. This light incro:.sed, and mty attention was drawn to the foot of my bdol, where atootd miy friend Edwin. Ie aippeared as in a cloud of bright neoa, illuminatung his face with a distinctness more than mortal. . . He looked on me Iwith a nmilo of inoeffable sweotnoea; then, slowly Sraising the right arm, he pointed upward, and, making with it three circles in the air, the hand began alowly to disappear. 'Inou the I arm, and finally the whole body, melted 1 away. The natural light of the roonm was then again apparent. I was speechles, and could not move, though I retained all my reasoning faculties. As soon as the power of novemellnt I wan restored I rang the bell, and the family, " thinking I was ill, camoe to my room, when my E firt word: words were ; ' h:ave soee Edwin he died three days ago.' A day or two after Swards a lotter was received annotneiing the 3 death of Edwin after a very short illness." Some time ago the eltperimients they Were were making in France on the offlct of the Label projectiles upon human lodies were Snoted. Unclaimod corpses from the public a mortuaries and hospitals were sot op and shot r At 