VA BIO US TOPICS. (Detroit Free Press.) Borton Corbett imagines that the ghost of J. Wilkes Booth follows him everywhere. The Queen of Sweden has become insane and is confined at Ulrikedal. S an key, tbe singing evangelist, has gone to Europe. The latest thing in bracelets is an arrange- ment in gold resembling handcuffs. Talmage san work best on his feet and makes moat of his sermons while walking the floor. The man who gave away every cent he had at a recent church social says he is down on socialism from this time forth. How true it ls that " Woman's work is never done "-especially the under crust of her plea. The rarity of Chriatian charity doesn't prevent a good many inposters from getting fat. The carriages and sledges of the late Ring of Bavaria bave been sold to a circus nod the deer are in a menagerie. 8ir Richard Burton, the great English tra- veller, has travelled himself out. At 65 he is a physical wreck. We send 1,000,000 barrels of apples every year to foreign nations, and won t take any *' Maa " in return, either. According to Jonquin Miller the California woman talks lesa than any other woman in the world. Darwin waa a dunce at school and a rake at college ; so says bis life recently pub fished. * Bach county In California ia going to spend $1000 thia winter to advertise iteelf. That's enterprise. Advertising always pays. The New York snobs want a " Rotten row" in Central Park. Let them stand the alder- men np in a line there. O'Brien tweed suite are nbw all the go io Ireland, and the tailor who sent William bis ?nit ts making a fortune. It is a somewhat curious fact that the man who grumbles the moat about matrimony is the man who ia not married and never expects tobe. It ls time for those slurs on the mother-in law to stop. A Washington lady gave to her newly-married daughter an income of 830,000 a year. , Tomagreo, the celebrated tenor who crested -the part of Othello in Verdi's opera at Milan, will give fifty performances in South America, for which be is to receive 700,000 franca. Mrs. Hettie Oreen, of New York, is said to be worth her weight in gold. As she owns $40,000,000 she must weigh about eighty tons. Samuel Brannon was once the richest man In San Francisco. He is now living In a cheap boarding house with scarcely a dollar to his The Dake of Argyll's latest hobby on his Scotch estates ia the American starling. In Terary ie aaid to literally swarm with species of thu plucky, hardy warbler. There is a nickel church in Palestine, Tex. Nobody contributed more than a nickel to- wards its construction. Many a nickel makes a mookie, A youngman, obliged to invent instantly some excuse for a long golden hair on his coat sleeve, stammered out that he " s eat next to tile b-b-butter at dinner." Lady Colin Campbell has succeeded in get- ting the sympathy of the Queen, and it is now autis the thing in London society to take her ladyship's part. Skinner, the tallest man of the south, who stood seven feet six inches in his stockings, bat refused to become a museum freak, ia dead. We are told that the art of paper-making hat reached a point where a tree may be cut down, made into paper, aud turned out as a newspaper in thirty-six hours. Queen Margherita, of Italy, has collected a large Hebrew library, with the latest works on Jewish literature. She is said to be profi- cient in Hebrew, and reads thc Old Testament with ease in that tongue. In China a girl ia never considered any- thing else in ber father's houae than an j honoured guest, lt has become largely that way over here, and that is why wc have so j many tired mothers. Mme. Boucicautt, the great Parisian shop- keeper, has given about 91,000,000 aa a I pension fond for her employes, she has alao founded a library and reading room, and abe gives her employes a share io the business. j What fools these mortals be ! A big train load of natives of Los Angeles have arrived at Chicago to spend the winter, and the same day aUg train load of Chicago people left for Loe Angeles. A New York author loat the manuscript of a book the other day, and offers a thousand dollars to the man who finds it. For half that »mount there are hundred« of authors who will write him au entirely new book. A pithy definition of a lovor ia the follow- ing : " A lover ia a man who endeavours to be more amiable than it ia possible for mau to be, aod thia is the reason why almost all lovers appear ridiculous." Joseph Hof manu, the boy pianist, ia in Kew York, and the critics are talking of his breadth of tone, colour, and his depth of tech- nique, while they themselves are good ex- ample« of the height of absurdity. Chamberlain has been made a nobleman. Not by Great Britain, but by a New York Customs officer. " Is there any more of Lord Chamberlain'* party here ?" shouted that offi- cial." " The Lord Chamberlain 1" corrected a bystander. They sawed a log in two ia the northern part of thia State and found a snake in the centre, although there wa« no opening in either end of the log. They think this can't be explained, bat the answer ie very easy. It ia all accounted for by the atrocious character o! the whiskey used in lumber camps. The Hon. Col. Cody says he hasn't made so much money in London as he has been credi- ted with, but he acknowledges nevertheless that be is worth $800,000, mostly in western real estate. Nats Salsbury has put by $500,000 os his profits of the Wild West venture. F. Marion Crawford tells this story of Oscar Wilde: "Wilde." says he, "came into my study one day aud sat down at a table, leaning his head heavily on his hand and said : ' Ah I Crawford ! Crawford, I am feeling very ead to-night. One half of the world does not believe in God, and the other half does not believe in me. Do not be too eager to show off your talents my son. Keep dark. Many a man has made a reputation for himself by doing just nothing at alt As long as a mau doesn't try to do | anything people are ready to believe that he ia equal to everything. When be makes a attempt and fails ¡none direction, he is be lieved to be incapable io all directions. 