AQUATICS. Rowing Notos. (By Rowlock.) From a letter of Kdwanl Haitian's, ud- (lrvsseil from Rockliamptan, wo loara tliat tho cx-ohamplun roooivud a oonlial and, in fact, cnthnriaiitic reception un hi arrival at that North yupumdaiid jwrt. Although tbo B.S. liareuo arrived thcro at ono o'clock in tbo tnornisg, a largo crowd was gathered to welcome the Canadian, and carried him. shoulder high, to his carriage, the horse of which bis admirers were with difficult) ro strained front mtbarnoeautg, tbey intruding to draw him to bis hotel thomtolro. Hanlan said somo of tho oico things be knows bow to ray bo well about tho town -and pcoplo of Rockbampton, and declared that tho Fitzroj raurso ow tho flnost he had ovor soon lu tbo world. Trickott and ho intcrobanged mutual compliments, arid agreed tliat they two had dono more for Australian sculling than any other two rowers. Triokott expresses him self a very confidont a to tho rcsalt of bis mutch with Uaalsn. Smith has loft Trickott now, aud tho bitter 1 being trained by Mr. U. Slmw. Haulun.of course, retains tb«» service of hi fidns Arlmtrt P, Flantiagun. IVrvy'sinaoyfrionds in Sydney will l»o glad to bear that to has gone down well with tho North Queensland folk. lu tho amateur ovont. which is to bo competed foron tho sntno day a Triokott and Hanian's raco, tbo htndliurat nmatoar is already entered, and wo may bojxi to sco bim pull ou tho double with hi mentor. The Ktansbury and Wulf match comc3 off on tho Porrawatta next Saturday. Both men are doing good work, and a good doul of , interest is already being token la this race. Wolf is training from Mr. Gaeoigne's placo at Putney, whilst Stansbury has taken up bis quarters at Sturt'a Hotel over the way nt Murtluko. Tbo former is bring trained by Cbriu. Nuilren, who bus himnclf already taken duwu SLanbury's number onco, and can put hi man up to a wriuklo or twons to tbo Shi'ulhavcn sculler's weak point. These uro fewer wow, however, than they wore a Iwdvt-montb ago, and Nuiben will find ha has a different man to sond bis pratfijf agaibBt totho tyro whom he played with ovor 1 Uie Farramatto course Sont May. On form Stanshury hx not the ghost of a shew with Wulf, but the former has told by tors longtime, palling almost dally under tbe ublo tuition of Alick M'Loan, ilowu at 0honlliAV«-u ; aud this staancii supporter of ! his has succeeded in eradicating somo of hi faults, aud impartitigahUof hie own pretty stylo to bis pupil. SUusbury U an improved man, no doubt, to what ho was twelve months ttgo, but that bo is good enough to beat Wulf is niorotlmii we would mire to say. 