OUR LADY LETTERWRITER. My dear Enid,—Autumn is hero, and our British friends tells us that it does not create nny very perceptiblo change in our outside surroundings. Perhaps to those accustomed to all the gorgeous hues of an autumn in the old land, a fainter transformation.scene is lmvdly noticeable, but to natives the case is very different. Directly the last rose of summer blooms (and although that farewell rarely happeus in a rich man's garden, it happens very oftexi in the poor or ill-kept one) a transformation, sets in; so very gradually though that one almodi forgets the sad time of tho ^ year is with us again, till the sharp winds and shortening days tell their own story. It i3 then that one feels a disinclination to follow the dictates-of a wise old proverb, " early to bed and early to rise, &o.;," for the long evenings pass pleasantly enough round tho blazing log fires, which, alas 1 my poor city coubhi, you canuot enjoy. Log fires, or perhaps I should say wood (else you will be imagining us seated- around the primitive cavern with its seat-like hobs anl roaiiug crackling logs, whereas thoso of wood are comparatively lilliputian in magnitude), are withont doubt one of the greatest enjoyments wo countryfolk experience during the fitful weather of autumn and long cold winter nigh's, and yet there are many in our middt who profer grates and coal—in fact dourly all the uew houses ave_ built with these conveniences. Conveniences they may bo, but givo mo the wide open fireplace, with its rich shading of smoked brown staining the back, caught from the leaping flames that rise from tho glowing embers ; butl am growing garralous. "Woodfires, however, are one of my weaknesses. I cannot think anyone is exactly miserable if they can have one, and fortunately for the poorest of our brethren, no one in our district need be without the luxury. Wood is plentiful and cheap, all that is necessary is tho willing arm. By the fireside : how many pleasant pictures does that conjure up to many of us,—a brown study, a thrilling ghost tale, a reverie, castles in the air, a story told that changed our life's history,— anyone of these come trooping up in the garden of memories as we look at the dancing firelight. Is it any wonder that poets and novelists have ever made it the background of dreamland and reverie, or mirth aud revelry. Lizzie Hexham is not the only girl who sees faces in the hollow of the flare, or Jeanie of the old ballad "the only one to whom half-forgotten dreams, friendship, and days come trooping out of the magic coals. Do you think of tho days that arc .gone, Jeanie, As ye sit by your fire at night ? Do you wish that tho morn would bring back tbe time When your heart and your step were bo light ?— So runs the old song, and I do not mind adding if Jeaiiie ever did think of the days that were gone, nothing would conjure them as vividly as a firelight revorie. But I commenced this letter by talking of the autumn, and I have not even told vou how it deals with us in these parts. First you notice it in the grass. Long before the orchards have caught tbe faintest tinge of the march of the tfeasous, the green slopes and stretches gradually melt inio the most depressing shades of a dingy yellow brown. The sombre-hued eucalyptus resists all change of foliage, it is true, but its shaggy trunks and limbs grow a trifle shaggier, the peeling bark hangs in ragged sad hued ribbons which creaks mournfully m the wind. If we examine the sward our feet press, w« will see that many a tiny sprig is honvy with bursting seed-puds. Lift up the ferns and their delicate tracery is do: ted with little brown cells, rich with promise for the coming spring. Every vino and shrub which in the summer pa'it delighted our eyes with the rich beauty of their blossoms are now hanging heavily laden with gpnns for a fresh generation, some with brilliant berries of scarlet and orange, othors dull blues and greens, but all fulfilling the spirit of one of the first commands, " Be fruitful aud multiply." Where cultivation lias set its mar!: the change is more perceptible still. The corn which waved one broad green undulation of verdure has changed into a dreary vista of faded brown stalks which rattle ominously as the wind hurries by ; the deciduous trees are blushing into glorious waves of crimson aud gold ; by and by the passing galos will loosen their faltering hold to the parent limbs, and swirl them into masses of dying leaves, by a wonderful provision of Nature their very' decomposition aiding in storing up increased store* for future generations of leaves yet unborn. I had tho pleasure the other day of seeing t'ie Virginian orcop*r in it; autuui'i dress for tho'fir.it time, and I cannot describe how beautiful it was. Perchance you have seen it, so, you can imagine how much I was impressed with its dazzling bright foliage ; just a study of crimson and gold, 10 ai.tcmpt painting which .true to nature w >uld immediately bring down ilie opinion —what tin exaggeration ! hupposing of course the individual had never seen it. As' hi usual Bowral sh iws the advancing eeasons first, perhaps because she lias to deplore the exit of so many of her ebil Iren who fly down to town as soon a < the sumMi r is over. Set in the midst of dimpling slopes and paddocks, which in the summer give a peculiarly bright and verdant aspect to the place, autumnal influence with its dull browns and fiulecl yellows is only too apparent, " Autumn in a and time of the y6 I heard an old gentleman say the ~ other day as ho fllnnced out of the window at a Iroe premat-uely bald, feeling his own denuded head meanwhile, "it ia an unpleasant reminder of passing ti ne, a season when everything nmun>? one is changing, p.issing away into the dopth and gloom of winter, just like our lives." he added thoughtfully, "pass fr. m the autumn of middle age into tlio winter of <>ld age," and nflni- that lie whs silonf for n long time, probably revolving thf> mystery of life personified in nature's wnrluir.'.- every day nnd every hour. I wonder how many ever give a thought to thf changing of the seasons, the passing of tim^: rf amir o the la ter goon on every minute of onr livis, .as Long- > follow says in that wowlrons poem of which timo will not altrr, nor custom stale—"Onr 1 hearts thou.'ii strong and brave, still like 1 muffled drnms are brniiug funeral marches ! to tlio grave." Yon we all know it ; few of us think about it ; but even to the few or many who seldom think, the dving leaven of autumn must come ns a gentle reminder that when we ton have lived and loved, and joyed and sorrowed, the soft brown earth will cover us up as gently as it does (ho poor faded leaves which fall fluttering < n its bosom. God grant that our autumn will bear a rich harvest, and that we shall all some day view the fadeless and incorruntible harvest in a better and changeless land. | Dear Enid, I mu<*t apologise for wandering Blightlv in tbislet'er. which instend of teeming with news is only nn expressed echo of what we all see and feel. HESTER. 