CARDINAL MANNING ON FINAL PERSEVERANCE. On Bnnday, March IS, at the Pro-Cathedral, Ken sington, Hie Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop concluded a series of Iienten discourses, his text being taken from St. Paul's Epistle to the Philip pians, " Being confident of this very thing, that He who hath begun a good work in you will perfect the same unto the day of Jesus Christ." ft was not enough, he said, for a ship, in all its power and bravery, in thefallmorningsun andafair wind, to go forth to sea, if in mid-ocean it foundered, and no one should touch the shore. It was not enough for a men to plough half a furrow, and for the plough to stand still, for no man should reap golden harvest in the autnmn. Our herd hath said, "He that en dnreth unto the end, the same shall be saved i' that was to say, without perseverance the best outset came to nothing. Perseverance half-way to eternal life would not inherit the kingdom of God, and therefore all that they bad been seeking during the four Sunday mornings of Bent most be summed up once more, and a seal put upon it, and that seal was perseverance to the end. We had got a warfare to fight, a pilgrimage to tread ont even to the last. Two things were clear and certain, one was that of ourselves and by ourselves not one of us would per severe to the end, and the other was that in God and by the help of God every one of us might do so. For perseverance was morally beyond our power, and therefore perseverance was a sovereign gift of God, given over and above all other gifts and graces we had ever received ; and it was railed the holy gift of perseverance by a special name, being a special gift. Upon the use of the free-will which God had given us depended jour eternal salvation. But onr free will was not enough; there was another will working in us, and that was the Divine will. In the Incarnation of the Son of God there was aElvine will and a human will which be assumed, and thosetwo wills werepsrfectly and absolutely distinct. But they were in perfect and absolute harmony, for the human will from the first moment of its existence was a will perfect in itself and nnited In one person with the Divine will so that there was never motion nor variation, not so much as even the tremnlona motion of the needle in the compass. That was not the case with us. We were born with a will that was fallen; it con tinually varied and deviated from the will of God. But the will ot God was continnally in us, Btriving with us, either by actual grace or habitual grace, reclaiming onr will to Himself, if we were fruitful. There were also two others truths. Every soul that entered into eternal life would be saved by the gift of God, and every eoul that was cast into the outer darkness would be lost by its own will. By His free will God created all things, and there was a time when we were not. We were in mere possi bility ; the beginning of our existence waB the will of God. When Bin and death had entered into the world and wrecked mankind, God of His own infinite free-will, once more gave His Son to redeem tbe world, and, therefore, we were redeemed not with any conscionsness of our own. We were born into the world already redeemed. More than that, when we were brought to the font to be baptized we were unconscious ; we knew not of that second great gift which we received when we were born again of Water and tbe Holy Ghost. As St. Augustine said, " God created ub and justified us in our Baptism without any will of our own, bat he could not save us without our will, and for this reasoD. When we were born again we were placed in a state of grace, and when we became conscious and knew good from evil, and responsible for our actions, we found ourselves in a state of innocence which we could not understand, we were ignorant of evil; we had never committed evil, we were in that haopy condition of not knowing by experience tbe difference between good and evil, and that gift of Innocence was a pure sovereign gift which came to us from God, uosougbt by as And if any—and he hoped man} did so—grew up in their baptismal innocence it was God Himself who had begun the w< rk and had preserved it There was not an act, even of the most innocent child, that did not spring from the grace of God preventing it, tDat was coming before it. Every one of the steps which the prodigal Bon made in returning to his fathor was prompted by tbe grace of God, but at tbe same time bis will was working and corresponding. The beginning of onr salvation from our regeneration, through onr innocence or our conversion, was the act of God. But this grace would never take effect if we on our Eart oid not do that which a moral intelligence was ound to do, to work with God who was workiog in us, for God was in every soul, striving with every soul, and sustaining the spiritual life that was in it, striving to sanctify it. And He that began this good work and carried it on through our life time would perfect, would finish it. St. Augustine said that God crowned His ownwoikinus. The gift of perseverance was a crown, a sovereign gift. He did not mean that it was a physical impossibility for ns to persevere to tbe end, because God gave a sufficient grace to every one. Be not only gave sufficient grace for everybody to every one, but Be give a grace whicb was efficacious and took effect, But nevertheless it might fall short of our will, or fail to correspond with it, and therefore Ood bad given ns a perpetual presence of the Holy Spirit un'ess we drove Him away. Be had given to us the sacramental grace of Baptism by which we had sufficient grace to live as children of God ; He bad given us the sacramental grace of Confirmation, which was sufficient or efficient for us to become true soldiers of Christ How was it then that all did not—for it was morally certain that all did not—correspond with the grace that was given them. They baffled it and deviated it. How many graces had not some of as altogether lost through want of watchfulness. They had passed away and been wasted. They might have been like a hundred in their quantity and our correspondence with them like ten. Ninety of these gifts of God bad been wasted. Therefore, it was perfectly certain that unless there were a last sovereign gift which should be given to all that were faithful, not so much through their own prayers as the prayers of those who loved ub on earth, those who loved us in the world unseen, those who surrounded the throne through an Intercession which we had not known or thought of except the sovereign gift were given to us no one could persevere. Perseverance was a duty on our part, hut it was a gift on the part of God, and per severance on our part meant fidelity to what we knew of the will of God, our duty to Him. to our neighbour and ourselves. Perseverance consisted in the shield of God's presence, which He throws over us so that the fiery darts of the Bvii One could not pierce us, and we should never know, until in the mountains of the Lord all should be seen, through what a warfare, through what a shower of these fiery darts we had passed, and passed safely. Secondly, it consisted In the Guidance of God, who watched over our path, tamed as aside when we knew it not, when, perhaps, we were on the very brink of a pradcice, and from some cause, we i knew not what, we turned to the right or left and were sated. And lastly, it consisted, in that con tinued replenishment ot Hie grace and help and Holy Spirit, eo that the wants of oar splrlta&l; life were filled npday by day like to those lamps that nerer died ont before the presence of Oar Divine Lord on the altar. Ibis was the gift of perseverance which God would give to every one of us If, on oar part, we , would be faithful. God was the beginner and pro tector of onr salvation, and our salvation was like a chain of gold. Bvery link in that chain was the grace of God and that alone, so that we could hold it; it was within onr reach, but the first link of that chain, which was cor regeneration, and the last link, wnloh was onr perseverance, were both in tne nana* ot uoa. -Catholic Times. 