I JffeionatB Column. 1 FROM a letter sent by the Rev. R. R. Winter, of the S.P.G. and 9 Cambridge Mission, Delhi, to the London secretary of the S.P.G 9 we extract the following : — ' My letter to you of May, 1887, brought 9 the history of the subject down to the decision of the Church Council, 9 held under the presidency of the late Bishop of Lahore, to lay down 9 the three following points as the lowest standard possible for Church 9 membership:— (1) That all Christians with unbaptised children bring 9 them for baptism and put their wives under instruction with a view 9 , to their baptism as soon as possible ; (2) that they form betrothals 9 and marriages for their children only among Christians ; (3) that H they attend no ' melas, or ceremonies m connection with idolatrous R practices. The Bishop desired that all who failed to fulfil these 9 conditions should be considered excommunicated without special ? reference to himself, and that they should only be restored to 9 Christian fellowship after public confession in church. All, in 9 effect, turns on the pivot of marriage, as that involves the whole ? question of the relative superiority of the two brotherhoods — the 8 Christian Church or the heathen caste. 8 'We7 were determined to deal very gently with the people owing B to their isnorance. The aaestion was therefore Dut before them for | discussion in each parochial centre, whether in the city or villages. I By this means the object in view was well ventilated, and they were i enabled to form their own opinions. I lCsAt length, on 25th May, just before Whitsuntide, a general ? Panchayat was held for the people on the open space that does I service fof a grass-plot at the back of my house, with some tall trees I ' to the west that give very necessary shade for our afternoon meeings, I and the chancel of Stephen's to the east. The Litany was said at I half-past five, and then representatives from the districts to the I number of about 140 gradually gathered together in the open air. I After some prayers for the guidance of the Holy Ghost, I read the I chapter on membership in Christ's body from 1. Cor. xii. The j subject was then briefly put before them, first by me, then by Mr. I Lefroy, and left with them for discussion. To this they are accus I totned, and it is done in a fairly thorough manner, that might be I found useful in a more august assembly not far from Westminster I Bridge. It begins with a great silence. This to the active western I mind is rather depressing, but not so in India, where it means a I careful weighing of the dangers on either side of a subject ; then the people gather into little knots of half-a- dozen or more, from which proceed murmured voices and the soothing gurgle of the national Hukka. Gradually out of one or other of these knots will be evolved [ a leading spirit who, not to commit himself too soon, will put a ? suggestive question to tne president, or in a vague manner to tne I assembly in general, in hopes that some adventurous mind may give I a reply that will show the questioner and his little circle that they I will not be showing a dangerous spirit of independence ; after this I the subject is taken up more generally. We were surprised at the ! number of representative men from one district or another who I heartily agreed to the points placed before them. We then came to I the personal application to individuals. One after another they got I up to say before their brethren that they would abide by ,the rules j of the Christian Church. This was done in their, parochial divisions, I as the national gregariousness makes them look to any visible bond j of union, so much so that a certain amount of chaff went on between I 'the tribes' of Daryaganj and Sabzimandi as to their relative [ superiority ; all, however, were not so readily faithful, some I needing a certain amount of questioning from their Padri Sahib, or catechisfc, and encouragement from those who had gone through the ordeal, while some few were doubtful about their own adherence at all.' The result has been that in city parishes 400 have remained firm, while 199 have lapsed ,* in branch missions and villages 705 have j remained firm, 290 have lapsed. The Christmas services were none the less crowded for the removal of these unworthy members. There waB even an improvement in the attendance of women of the poorer class,; and there were twenty more communicants than in 1886\. During the year thirteen adults— four men and nine women — were baptized in Delhi, and one man in Kamal. The question often asked, ' When the country becomes Christian, what will you do , with the Brahmans ?' is already answering itself. As a matter of fact, thousands of Brahmans are already farmers, doing their own field-work. The whole body will eventually become farmers. 