Tuesday, February 7, 1888. We note that the Government have com pleted arrangements by which wheat will be conveyed from Tamworth to Barling Harbour for £5 Os. Sd. a truck of six tons, or a fraction under 6d. per bushel. The Department of Railways will unload and load the wheat at the Hawkesbury River, and punt it across the river free of extra charge. This is certainly a conces sion, and will probably be taken advan tage of by the farmers of the Liverpool Plains district, although we fancy that the producers will not gain such a great deal after all. How much worse, how ever, is the position of the farmers in this district where wheat is now ruling at low prices, yet they will be charged more than €d. per bushel for grain sent to Sydney. As we have before pointed out, flour and other manufactured produce ib brought to our very door, choking the local market, and virtually preventing buyers from ope rating except at very low figures. No at tempt is made to prevent the continued influx of the products of other countries to the central markets, yet the Govern ment will not give our producers the ghost of a chance to get their grain to the Sydney market. Sixpence and over sixpence a bushel completely shots out oar producers, and when they have paid that excessive carriage, the profits, if any, arising could only be visible under a powerful microscope. The situation of affairs is becoming most serious, and, as a correspondent pointed out in onr last is sue, our bakers are procuring flour from central markets, so tbat millers find it difficult to get rid of locally- ground flour, and consequently are afraid to buy wheat in large quantities. Everything appears to be done to cruelly handicap the inland I producer, while the consumer reaps no 1 benefit either. We have before suggested ! 100 mile rates of carriage for inland pro- j duce from all parts of the colony, and if | these were adopted they would in some j measure serve as a counteraction to the | importation of foreign stocks, carried af- j terwards by rail inland at a nominal cost, j Something must be done and that quickly. i Our members are acquainted with the resources and present condition of this district, and we trust will work unitedly so as to secure the carriage of grain at such a figure as will enable our struggling farmers to compete at central markets. We have some of the best crops in the co> lony, which would stand a chance to top the market, but it would appear that, while the colony is made a dust bin to re ceive inferior rubbish, the really good ar ticle may perish with the producer for all the Governmp.nt- care. It is to be hoped ous condition into which our farmers are drifting, and will render assistance to them ere it be too late. We were to have freetrade and cheap produce trains. We have certainly got freetrade, but without the latter condition, and we once again remind ministers of their promises. 