JULY 29.—THE TABERNACLE.—EXODUS 40 : 1—16. Golden Text.—Behold, the tabernacle of God is with them.—Bevelation 21: S. FUBNISHING THE TABEBNACLE. The articles hitherto Beparate now become parts of a great design. Every curtain, pillar, socket, aud pin put in its place; God's -idea become incarnate and visible to Israel. See how it was furnished as a— Place of sacrifice. The first thing that met the eye of the worshipper in the open court, just inside the outer curtain, was the brazen later and alter of burntoffering (ver, 6,7 ; chap. 27 : 1—8; 30 : 1$). Teaching at the very entrance that our fifst need is a sacrifice for sins, and then a washing of our guilty souls. Here, in the open air, were the sacrifices slain, and offered in clouds of smoke before the whole congregation. So now, if we are to be " the tabernacle of God" (John 14 : 6 ; 13 : 8), Christ's sacrifice - and cleasing must be ours, Place of thanksgivings and prayer. Past the outer court, and inside the curtains of blue and purple, and scarlet and fine twined linen, they reached the second court, or holy place, and here was the table with the shewbread, the candlestick, and the altar of incense (vers. 4,6; see chap. 25 : 23—30, 31—39 ; 30 : 1-10). The first a token of gratitude for all God's goodness to the twelve tribes ; the latter the symbol of that gratitude expressed in praise. Every true tabernacle is thus furnished. If forgiven through the sacrifice, cleansed by the shed blood, we shall praise and pray by a holy instinct, a spiritual necessity and compulsion from within. David felt this (Ps. 51: 15—17), Place of acceptance and heart commnnion. Pentrating Btill further into the " Holiest of All," where only the high priest was permitted to come once a year with the sprinkled bloed, was the ark, aud the mercy seat above it, with the mysti: light of the Shekinah flash' ing above and glorifying all (vers. 3,20). Symbols of God's covenant with Israel and His abiding presence. So with us. If forgiven, cleansed, made to praise and pray, we shall go on to have constant, joyous, elevating communion with God (John 14 : 23; Ps. 91: 1 James 2 : 23 ; Ps. 25 ; 14). Are our souls the place of sacrifice, of praise, of holy fellowship 1 Are we the tabernacle of God (Isa. 57 : 15 : 66 : 1, 2 ; 2 Cor. 6: 16) ? CONSECRATING THE TABERNACLE. Vers. 9—11. After being placed in order, everything was to be annotated with oil, as a sign of consecration to God. Henceforth the ordinary became holy, the gifts of men the property of God for His exclusive service. The symbolism, picture- action that- All used by the Holy Spirit. Oil constantly the sign o£ the Holy Spirit; used to call men to the priesthood, the throne (1 Sam. 10 : 1: 1 Kings 1 •. 39). Hence the saying (Ps. 23 : 5 ; 92 : 10 ; 1 John 2 : 20). These material things in the tabernacle were to be invested with a splendour, glory, and dignity, as they became part of the Holy Spirit's lesson-book to Israel. Have all our powers been given to Him ? Is the tabernacle of God—mind, heart, will, affection, genius, influence, possessions, all under tribute to the Holy Ghost. Is it so ? All used for the praise of God. Every article in the tabernacle from henceforth for sacred purposes. Separated absolutely from ordinary ends. All to be used for God, only for Him, always for Him. The application to ourselves is clear (1 Cor. 6: 20). Paul felt this; he describes himself as branded with the King's mark (Gal. G : 17). DEDICATION OP THE PRIESTS, Vers. 12—15. If all these directions not completely fulfilled the first day, yet afterwards attended to (see Lev. 8 : 1—5). Such scrupulous care about the building demands equal care about the attendant priests. Holy men for holy places and services. The man in Gocl's sight most important of all. Heart, soul, inner purity ; everything to Jehovah, They must be cleansed (ver. 12). Probably in the laver (ver. 7); publicly washed from defilement. Physical purity, the picture of heart-cleansing. Intercessors for others, they must first be forgiven and purified (Ps. 2i ; 3—5). The sinful humanity made pure that they may speak pardon and cleansing to others. The antidote to all priestly pretensions ; they must be made pure or cannot sacrifice for others. This constantly repeated, as a reminder of their constant sinfulness (Ex. 30 : 20, 21). Are we cleansed constantly for service 1 Possible to be so busy as to be in danger of forgetting this. *They must be clothed (ver. 13). The cleansing over, the priestly garments were to be put on them by Moses as God's representative (see Lev. 8 : 6—9). Not selfclothed, as the first sinners (Gen. 3 : 7), but Godclothed. Special robes for special office and duty. Have been thus arrayed (Rev. 19 : 8 : Phil. 3 : 9) ? Is the righteousness of Christ that seamless robe yours by faith in Him 1 See Zechariah's wondrous vision in his prophecy (Zech. 3), They must be consecrated (ver. 15). All that was needed for the vessels and the sanctuary, and more was needed by the priests, in order to acceptance in the service of God, The oil poured on the head ran to the skirts, the whole man, for ever given to God and dedicated to His glory. Once a priest, always a priest: no going back to serve self or the world. Have we given ourselves thus ? Are we devoted to God I Without reserve, for ever, to live, think, work, and if need be, die for Him ? Every Christian may be such a priest (1 Pet, 2:9; Rev. 1:6), 