A HAUNTED CASTLE. Mr. Vanderbilt not long ago bought the lease of the famous Castle of lindenfels, the favourite residence of the late King Louis II. of Bavaria. A few weeks ago the lease was dissolved by the mutual consent of the contracting parties, viz., Mr. Vanderbilt and the executors to the unfortunate monarch. The ostensible cause of this sudden: change of plans was a ghost. '(Hie millionaire and. his wife, desiring the experience of what it felt like to sleep in a royal jcastle, made an excursion to their ScUoss, intending to remain "a day or two. They brought a few servants with them, and engaged the remainder among the Bavarians in the neighbourhood. It did not take Mr. Vanderbilt long to discover that most of the people in the vicinily regarded him with the most bitter animosity He was considered ausurper who had come to desecrate a monument sacred to the happiest years of their late king, who was as dearly beloved as the present Begent, Luitpold, is disliked. On this occasion Mr. Vanderbilt*s lines had not fallen in pleasant places. At night the new proprietors occupied the Blue Boom, the oue most frequently slept in by the King. It is a palatial apartment, decorated throughout in the Louis XIV. style, and full of mementoes of that monarch, for whom the King of Bavaria himself had such a deep reverence. Having retired, and the lights in the castle being extinguished, s<Tange noises began to be heard. Mrs. Vanderbilt was alarmed, and insisted on her husband's rising and instituting a search. This he did whilo deploring the absence of a 32-culibro American revolver, and of course discovered nothing. Be endeavoured to reassure his wife, but the strangeness, not to say weirdnessof the surroundings, made her thoroughly nervous, and she was unable to sleep that night. The next morning Mr. Vanderbilt, quite confident that it was all some practical joke of the Bavarians, made an investigation, which ended in nothing. They spent the day in looking over the castle, and that night retired early. Soon after, the same sounds which had disturbed them before began again. Mrs. Vanderbilt declared that ghost or no ghost, enemies or no enemies, nothing would induce her to remain in the place another day. The next morning they started for the Bavarian capital. Mr. Vanderbilt found no difficulty in getting rid of his lease. It will now be made part of the State property. Mrs. Vanderbilt is fully persuaded that, had they persisted in remainat Lindenfels, they would have been murdered, the hostility of the peasants being so great-. At any rate, they are now convinced that royal castles are not exactly in their line, and have contented themselves with renting Herbert House, Belgrave Square, for the coming season. 