Hawaiian Superstitions. .. A Verandah Chat, I BY BELLE OSBOORKK. " What a superstitious lot tbeso KanaVas ore I" Bays Joq", who Is stretchcd out in the bamboo chair on, tho verandah, tho moon light throwiug tho shadow' o£ tho vines over his long figure clad in white linen; " U they have the toothache, and it rains, why, heaven weeps in sympathy; if the little &?Vt?\Bteals tie raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry," "They never Beem to tbink/'says thenavy officer,drowsily, from the hammock, "that if heaven wept with everyone who bad thp: heartache, by Jove I this would bo ft pretty damp place to live in 1" , '?"? 1 am sitting on the verandah etepe, idly watching the moonlight on tbo mango, eurely tbo most beautiful tree that grows, almost too perfect in shape, ehadowy, with shining leaves.. . ? . ' ' v "Yes," I say, reflectively—bang 1 falls'a mango on' the- roof—"they are full of a thoueand little superstitions tricks and mysteries; don't yon know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies' houses J" '?What's that for?" from the han> mock. ?;? ? ?". . ?? ?? ????.? ' ?-..:? " It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, nnd eing, nnd pray sincerely enough; but as suro as anything is tho matter with them, ! they get frightened and send for their kahunas." ? ..? .. ?' ?? " And what might a kahuna bo J " Oh, those kaliiiiias!" Joe gives an im patient kick; '? they make mc tired 1 They §o the awfulest things! They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falb into the lire and gets burnt. Kahuna come?, eats a piece of roasted black pig—".? It is always a black pig," I interrupt, "and then they go to sleep and pretend to dream." : . "Who's telling thia atory?"—a man always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife—"When he finishes hie mummery with tho black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot and applies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know." " The atrangest thing to mc," I remark, in a meek snubbed way, " is the anaarid" . "I've beard of that," said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving a momentary ?Kembrandt eSeot of broad wbit? forehead and etr&ight; nose, and then fading back into shadow; "but do'you really be lieve it?" ?'.?????" "Believo it I Why, tho kahunas have in their power every Kanaka iv tho kingdom. If they suspect the prieat going to aitaana them, or pray them to death, they lio right down and die, and not all tho king's hones, or all the king's men, to say nothing of the .white doctors, can save them," ''Well, you know , ," from Job, "Doctor Thompson says that he is absolutely power less to save a man who is being prayed to death. Ho says he has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal nnd they can not die, but they prove their side of the argument by giving'up the ghost." " I remember when our ship was at Hilo," said the navy officer, " we heard of a native politician, who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket, He paid a kahuna a lot of money to anaana them. The three men defied him for a time, and swag gered about, pretending not to care, but they gave right np to tho first ailment they had; one died of a cold, another succumbed to the mumps, and the third one simply kicked the bucket because he realised that it was his fate." " They predicted when Like-Liko was go ing to die,! , I chip in. "You never saw her did you! She was young, bright, gay, and the best looking of th& royal family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and epoke English fluently. She seemed to be above superstition, and yet sho died when they said she would."' \ " And when was that V " When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so strango had she known of the event, but she died, and it was after her death that the steamor came in irora ITavcail with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her Itist." "I wonder," says Job, "if tho lava flow ever yet caught Pole's pig?" , "I know, , ' Bays the navy officer, "that Pele is the Goddess of Firo and lives in the volcano. I know that she used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, foi, and even doge into the. boiling lava—but I never knew she owned such an unromantio thing as a pig." ? : ' "Oh,sho do3en't own him," I cay "he is tho peat of her lifo I She hates him,' The natives say bo lives in tho district of Kona, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when tbo volcano is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They Bay she gets hopping mad, and flares np, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of rod-hot lava, and that accounts for all tho flows down the Kona side of tho j mountain." : " Then how do they account for tho great flow of 1868 that came so near destroying: Hilo?" ?? ' ? " Oh that was such a blow to tho mission aries 1" I say with a malicious chuckle. "They try so ?ftrd to combat the nativo sup erstitions. There was a big eruption, and ft great flow rolled down tho mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used to think that lava rnshed down, and people had to run to get out of the way; but it is like a huge wave of molasses, rolling and curling, and sending out long, snaky tongues. It cools rapidly on top, liko a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling. It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until onu more day's flow would havo des troyed tho town," Joe laughed. " Lord I- how tho people were getting out of Hilo I Especially the Fortu gaesc, who were leaving in sboals. The mis sionaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all the churches. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on earth could save tho town." " They appealed to Princess Ruth," I con tinue, "She.was tbo last descendant of the great.Kamebamchas, you .know, and tho natives believed in her, so when they grew frightened they sent for her, and the hugo princess—" ? " Dear little thing 1" laughs Joe "Sho only weighed four bundered and eighty pounds! ,, .. " Well, they carried her In a litter to thn place, and she stood in front of tho lava, and throw in some sacrifices—-" "A black dog, some, money, a bottle of gin, and a silk dress," said Joe. —" And appealed to the Goddess Pelo, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to barm Hilo. Then she said calmly to W|§servant3 'It will BtOp.*-" ' ? ? " Do you know what ehe JoSX ?" cried Joe, enthusiastically; " ebo w?&iinto; a cottage in the very teeth ol the There , *' faith for you. And it TbegTcafc, twi?ting, moiing, hideous ma? of flro rolled back oil itsolE and etoppcaj And tharo. you can eco to this dny the Black hardenod lava only a few yards frota the outskirts ol H110. ,, "Ko troniet thoy ero euporetUione," eaye tho navy officer, "AfetveucU colaclacncui would affect anybody; I wonder, though; if the missionaries would ? have called it eupe'r- Btition if the flow had' stopped: in answer to ? tbeir prayers?" ??' ;.-' ? . ; '.. . ?? " Don't you remember when Prince Xon- ;, alilo was buried?" says Joe; .'Hhat- vros'- enough to make anybody BupeT?titiouer , -?:. > " What was that?" tho navy officer sits up, balancing hi mseU in the hammock so that tho. ? moonlight glitteia on bis blonde'head.; rt lctl us all about it." . ; ' ?'- '?.. .. ''.;\i.-'\: ?::':.', .: , ;"Ting- a-ling—ting-a-liug?" . ' ; , ! : ? ? ?' It'a only the telephone," I say, bb I go to .? the instrument. . :,.-:: ; v? : . ?':-? "Lieiiuitant D. luanUi oil- matd the: Adattu." ' ? ????'?? ?..? ? ?'.'.???"''. :.' '?' '.?'"?'??'??: ; ,;> . . " Ob, pshaw 1., from the liammbcki _-"ThAt telephone is .very' convenient; .but it .is a,; nuisance aometSmes—l Bay, pleaso '-. ring ; up one-forty-eigbt for a carriaget will you? and tell ua about Prince liunalilowhile. it's-, coming," ??"??? ?;?-'?'. '..- ;?/??'? ??'?? r : U ," Well, I say,curling up comfortably jn tub; corner -of the steps,," be was an. immense, favorite,yo'Bknow." ?'"???"':.??',,'.. ;: - : " Yus, I know—jolly fellow—heard lots of goodstoriea about him." ? i ' '??? '?'?'?'? f ; , "When he died, ho was burled with great pomp, but for some reason or.ptbcr r his place of burial was afterward changed!, and his body was removed the natives asked th( government for another salute of twenty four gnna, to which the ? answer came thin; : they had him with, all the honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were h'nrt and indig nant, and though, a : grdat storm came up,; thousands followed his body to its last rest< ing-place. Aβ tbo cortege passed gates of the cemetery, the thunder =burst forth! and everybody declares'that twenty four distinct claps wcreconnted; , ' ? ' '?? "Ob,'tako off oho clapi" aaya tho lieuten ant, flippantly, as be looks for his bat;,;" Well, I declarei i?tbatrarni Aftefthiemoonlight, who -w'oiUd have thought it! NYell, good-bye, Ahha nui, as the natives say."'? ~ ; ;? ?' ? "Good-bye. So aorry to havo you go. You ace' Heaven weep*in aympatby. , ", ?; 