[?] Mr. Meeson's Will. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of ' She,' ' King Solomon's Minos,' &c;, &c.; Chaptek III.— AUGUSTA'S LITTLE SISTER. When Augusta left Mecson's she was in a very sad con dition of mind, to explain which it will be necessary to say a word or two about that accomplished youn? lady's previous history. Her father had been a clergyman, and, like most clergymen, not overburdened wtth the good things of this world. When Mr. Smithers— or, rather, the Rev. James Smithers— had died he left behind him a widow and two children — Augusta, aged fourteen, and Jeaunie, aged two. There had been two others, both boys, who had come into the world between Augusta and Jeannie, but they had both preceded their father to the land of shadows. Mrs. Smithers had, fortunately for herself, a life interest in a sum of £7000, which, being well invested, brought her in £350 a year ; and, in order to turn this little income to the best possible account and give her two girls the best educational opportunities possible under the circumstances, she, on her I husband's death, moved from the village, where he had for many years been curate, into the city of Birmingham. Here she lived in absolute retirement for some seven years, and then suddenly died, leaving the two girls, then respec tively nineteen and eight years of age, to mourn her loss, and, friendless as they were, to fight their way in the hard world. Mrs. Smithers had been a saving woman, and, on her death, it was found that, after paying all delta, there remained a sum of six hundred pounds for the two girls to live on, and nothing else, for their mother's fortune died with her. Now, it will be obvious that the interest arising from six hundred pounds is not sufficient to support two young people, and therefore Augusta was forced to live upon the principal. From an early age, however, she (Augusta1) had shown a strong literary tendency, and shortly after her mother's death she published her first book at her own expense. It was a dead failure, and cost her fifty-two pounds, the balance between the profit and loss account. After a while, however, she recovered from this blow, and wrote ' Jemima's Vow,' which was taken up by Meeson's, and, strange as it may seem, proved the success of the year. Of the nature of the agreement into which she entered with Meeson's the reader is already acquainted, and he will not therefore be surprised to learn that under its cruel provisions Augusta, notwithstanding her name and fame, was absolutely prohibited from reaping the fruits of her success. She could only publish with Meeson's, and at the fixed pay of seven per cent, on the advertised price of her work. Now, something over three years had elapsed since the death ot Mrs. Smithers, and it will therefore be obvious that there was not much remaining of the six hun dred pounds which she had left behind her. Tho two girls had, indeed, lived economically enough in a couple of small rooms in a back street ; but their expenses had been enor mously increased by tho serious illness, from a pulmonary complaint, of the little girl Jeannie, now a child between twelve and thirteen years of age. On that very morning, Augusta had seen the doctor and been crushed into the dust by the expression of his conviction, that, unless her little sister was moved to a warmer climate, for a period of at least a year, she would not live through the winter, and might die at any moment. Take Jeannie to a warmer climate ! He might as well have told A ugusta to take her to tho moon. Alas, she had not the money, und did not know where to turn to get it ! Oh ! reader, pray to lluaveu that it may never be your lot to see your best beloved die for the want of a. lew hundred pounds wherewith to save her life ! It was in this terrible emergency that she had — driven thereto by her agony of mind — tried to get something beyond her strict and legal due out of Meeson's— Meeson's that had made hundreds and hundreds out of her book and paid her fifty pounds. We know how she fared in that attempt. On leaving their office, Augusta bethought her of her banker. Perhaps he might be willing to advance something. It was a horrible task, but she determined to undertake it ; so she walked to the bank and asked to see the manager. He was out, but would be in at three o'clock. She went to a shop near and got a bun and glass of milk, and waited till she was ashamed to wait any longer, and then she walked about the streets till three o'clock. At the stroke of the hour she returned, and was shown into the manager's private room, where a dry unsympathetic-looking little man was sitting before a big book. It was not the same man whom Augusta had met before, and her heart sank propor tionately. What followed need not be repeated here. Tho manager listened to her faltering tale with a few stereo typed expressions of sympathy, and, when she had done, 'regretted' that speculative loans were contrary to the custom of the bank, and politely bowed her out. It was nearly 4 o'clock upon a damp drizzling afternoon, a No vember afternoon that hung like a living misery over the black slush of the Birmingham streets, and would in itself have sufficed to bring the lightest- hearted, happiest mortal to the very gates of despair, when Augusta, wet, wearied, and almost crying, at last entered the door of their little Bitting- room. She entered very quietly, for the maidof all-work had met her in the passage and told her that Miss Jeannie was asleep. She had been coughing very much about lunch-time, but now she waB asleep. There was a fire in the grate, a small one, for the coal was economised by means of two large fire-bricks, and on a wble (Augusta's writing-table), placed at the further side 0 *he rooui, was a paraffin-lamp 'turned low. Drawn up j& front, but a little to one side of the fire, was a sofa, Covered with red rep, and on the sofa lay a fair-haired little ™- so tain and fragile that it looked like the ghost or outlioe ot a girl, rather than a girl herself. It was Jeannie , ! her sick sister, and she was asleep. Augusta stole softly up to look at her. It was a sweet little face that her eyes fell on, although it was so shockingly thin, with long curved lashes, delicate nostrils, and a mouth shaped like a bow. All the lines and grooves which the chisel of Pain knows so well how to carve were smoothed out of it now, and in their place lay the shadow of a smile. Augusta looked at her and clenched her fists, while a lump rose in her throat, and her gray eyes filled with tears. How could she get the money to save her ? The year before a rich man, a man who was detestable to her, had wanted to marry her, and 6he would have nothing to say to him. He had gone abroad, else she would have gone back to him and married him— at a price. Marry him ? yes she would marry him ; she would do anything for money to take her sister away ! What did she care for herself when her darling was dying— dying for the want of twe hundred pounds ! Just then Jeannie woke up, and stretched her arms out to her. ' So you are back at last, dear,' 6he said in her sweet childish voice. ' ' It has been so lonely without you. Why, how wet you are ! Take off your jacketat once, GuEsie. or you will soon be as ill as ? ' and here she broke out into a terrible fit of coughing, that seemed to shake her tender frame as the wind shakes a reed. Her sister turned and obeyed, and then came and sat by the sofa and took the thin little hand in hers. ?' Well, Gussie, and how did you get on with the Printer devil' (this was her impolite name for the great Meeson) ; ' will he give you any more money ?' ' No, dear ; we quarrelled, that was all, and t came away.' '? Then I suppose we can't go abroad ?' Augusta was too moved to answer ; she only shook her | head. The child buried her face in the pillow and gave a sob or two. Presently she was quiet, and lifted it again. 'Gussie, love,' she said, 'don't be angry, but I want to speak to you. Listen, my sweet Gussie, my angel. Oh, Gussie, you don't know how I love you ! It is all no good ; it is useless struggling against it. I must die sooner or later, though I am only 12, and you think me such a child. I am old enough to understand that, I think,' she added, after pausing to cough, ' that pain makes one old ; I feel as though I were 50\. Well, so you see I may as well give up fighting against it and die at once. I am only a burden and anxiety to you — I may as well die at once and go to sleep.' 'Don't, Jeannie! don't.' said her sister, in a sort of cry; ' you are killing me!' Jeannie laid her hot hand on Augusta's arm. ' Try and listen to me, dear,' she said, ' even if it hurts, because I do so want to say something. Why should you be so frightened about me? Can any place that I can go to bo worse than thio place? Can I suifer more pain any where, or bo more hurt when I see you crying ? Think how wretched it has all been. There has only been one beauti ful thing in our lives for years and years, and that was your book. Even when 1 am feeling worst — when my chest aches, you know— I grow quite happy when I think of what the papers wrote about you : the Times and the Saturday Review, and the Spectator, and the rest of them. They said that you had genius — true genius, you re member — and that they expected one day to see you at the head of thoi literature of the time. The printer-devil can't take away that, Gussie. He can take the money, but he can't say that he wrote the book; though,' she added, with a touch of childish spite and vivacity, ' I have no doubt that he would if he could. And then there were those letters from the great authors up in London ; yes, I often think of them, too. Well, dearest old girl, the best of it is that I know it is all true. I know, I can't tell you how, that you will be a great woman in spite of all the Meesons in creation ; for, somehow, you will get out of his power, and, if you don't, five years is not all one's life — at least, not if people have a life. At the worst, he can only take all the money. And then, when you are great and rich and famous, and more beautiful than ever, and when the people turn their heads as you come into the room, like we used to do at school when the missionary came to lecture, I know that you will think of me (because you won't forget me, as some sisters do), and of how, years and years before, so long ago that the time looks quite small when you think of it, I told you that it would be so just before I died.' Here the girl, who had been speaking with a curious air of certainty and with a gravity and deliberation extraordinary for one so young, suddenly broke off to cough. Her sister threw herself on her knees beside her, and clasping her in her arms implored her in broken accents not to talk of dying. Jeannie drew Augusta's golden head down on to her breast and stroked it. ' Very well, Gussie, I won't say any more about it,' she said; 'but it is no good hiding the truth, dear. lam tired of fighting against it; it is no good — none at all. Anyhow, we have loved each other very much, dear ; and perhaps, somewhere else, we may again ? ' And the brave little heart broke down, and, overcome by the pre science of approaching separation, they both sobbed bittarly there upon the sofa. Presently came a knock at the door, and Augusta sprang up and turned to hide her tears. It was the maid-of-all- work bringing the tea ; and as she came blundering in, a sense of the irony of things forced itself into Augusta's soul. Here they were plunged into the most terrible sorrow, weeping at the inevitable approach of that chill end, and still appearances must be kept up, even before a maid-of-all-work. Society, even when re presented by a maid-of-all-work, cannot away with the intrusion of domestic griefs, or any other griefs, and in our hearts we know it and act up to it. Far prone, indeed, must we be in mental or physical agony before we abandon the attempt to keep up appearances. Augusta drank a little tea and ate a very small bit of bread and butter. As in the case of Mr. Meeson, the events of the day had not tended to increase her appetite. Jeannie drank a little milk, but ate nothing. When this form had been gone though, and the maid-of -all-work had once more made her appearance and cleared the table, Jeannie spoke again. ' Gus,' she said, ' I want you to put me to bed and then come and read to me out of ' Jemima's Vow' — where poor Jemima dies, you know. It is the most beautiful thing in the book, and I want to hear it again.' Her sister did as she wished, and taking down ' Jemima's Vow,' Jeannie's own copy as it was called, being the very | first that had come into the house, she opened it at the part Jeannie had asked for and read aloud, keeping her voice as steady asshe could. As a matter of fact, however, the scene itself was as 'powerful as it was pathetic, and quite sufficient to account for any unseemly exhibitions of feeling on the part of the reader. However, she struggled through it till the last sentence was reached. It ran thus: — 'And so Jemima stretched out her hand to him and said ' Good-bye.' And presently, knowing that she had now kept her promise, and being happy because she had done so, she went to sleep.' 'Ah!' murmured the blue-eyed child who listened ' I wish that I was as good as Jemima. But though I have no vow to keep I can say ' Good-bye,' and I can go to sleep.' Augusta made no answer, and presently Jeannie dozed off. Her sister looked at her with eager affection. ' She is giving up,' she said to herself, 'and, if she gives up, she will die. I know it, it is because we are not going away. How can I get the money, now that horrible man has gone? how can I get it ?' and she buried her head in her hand and thought. Presently an idea struck her , she might go back to Meeson and eat her words, and sell him the copyright of her new book for £100, as the agreement provided. That would not be enough, however ; for tra velling with an invalid is expensive; but she might offer to bind herself over to him for a term of years as a tame author, like those who worked in the Hutches. She was sure that he would be glad to get her, if only he could do so at his own price. It would be slavery worse than any penal servitude, and even now she shuddered at the prospect of prostituting her great abilities to the necessities of such work as Meeson's made their thousands out of — work, for the moat part, of a so-called religious and family nature, {Continued on page 1390.) Augusta walked up to the bed and genlly lifted the *jJ»J^ttjj^ face fringed round about with golden hair, of little tOt^C^S-twoSd break her heart; but she t wouTd be dreadful £ J0^ brokca and lier genius was prepared to have ner ^ h dred pounds, besides the hundred for the copyright of the ^AnK; having made up her mjaa.to the Mcrifio^ with a sigh she went to bed, and, wearied lout w-th misery, to deep, And even as she slept, a Presence ^atfec°uld not Bee was standing near her bed, and a Voice that she could not hear was calling through the gloom Another mortal hod bent low at the feet of that Unknown Ood whom men name Death, and been borne ^'ay onh.s vu^ h- ing pinions into the spaces of the Hid. One more human item lay still and stiff, one more account was closed for goodorevil, the echo of one more treadhad passed from the earth for ever. The old million-numbered tragedy in i whShall Uptake a part had repeated itsd once more down to its last and most awful scene, ics, the grim farce was played out,- and the little actor Jcannie was white - m Just at the dawn, Augusta dreamed that somebody with j cold breath was breathing on her face, and woke up \ntn a j ftart and listened. Jeannie's bed was on the other side of the room, and she could generally hear her movements plainly enough, for the sick child was a restless sleeper. ' But now she could hear nothing, not even the faint vibra tion of her sister's breath. The fiilencc was absolute and ap'jalluv it struck tangibly upon her sense, as the aarK. ness struck upon her eyeballs and filled £awthanumb, unreasoning terror. She slipped out of bed and struck a uS In another few seconds she was standing by Jeanne's white little bed, waiting for the wick of the candle to burn up. Presently the lignt grew. Jeanme was lvTng on her side! her white face resting on her white arm Her eyes were wide open; but when Augusta held the candle near her bed she did not shut them or flinch. Her S too-oh, Heavens! the fingers were nearly cold. Then Augusta understood, and lifting up her arms m agony she ehrieked till the whole house rang. Chapter IV.-AUGUSTA'S DECISION. On the second day following the death of poor little Jcannie Smithers, Mr. Eustace Meeson was strolling about Birmingham with his hands in his pockets, and an air of indecision on his decidedly agreeable and gentlemanlike countenance. Eustace Meeson was not particularly cast down by the extraordinary reverse of fortune which he had recently experienced. H*e was a young gentleman of, a cheerful nature; and. besides, it 'did not so very much matter to him. He was in a blessed condition of celibacy, and had no wife and children dependent upon him, and he knew that, somehow or other,- it would go hard if, with the help of the one hundred a year that he had of his own, he did not manage, with his education, to get a living by hook of Pompadour Hall and settled ^ h thoupbt. hotel, he had not given tte 'X* ^t0 Augusta But he had given a «^. m^ ^Jm- Jan insight S.i.ithers'8 gray eye,, and, M^jf ^ ™£ 5'n a copv%f into her character, he had at once imw i . ..Jemima', Vow,' thereby -m^a^ ^ tUe^nt,f--ash,S \o\y, ' Jemimas iuw, .»^o rimple and homely, was -a : most striking and powerful book, which f ullv deserved the notation that it had ^incd; and it anect«d Eustace-who was in so much different from most wuffiinffl' his age that he really din-know the difference between good work and bad-more strongly than he would have liked to own. Indeed, at the termination of the storj. what between tne Deouiy «j Augusta's pages, the memory of AuSusta'seyes,andtheknowledge of Augusta's wrongs, Mt- ^us tace Meeson began to feel very much as thou-h he had fallen m love. Accordingly, he went out walking, and, meeting a.dfflk whom he had known in the Meeson establishment— one 01 those who had been discharged on the same day as himself— he ob tained from him Miss Simthers address, and proceeded to reflect as to whether or no he shouldcall upon her. Unable to make up his mind he connnueo. mswu* «' he reached the quiet street where Augusta lived, and, suddenly perceiving the house of which me clerk had told him— yielded to temptation and rang. The door was answered by the uiaidot all-work, who looked at him a little curiously, but said that Miss Smithers was in, and then con ducted him to a door which was I half open, and left him in that kindly and agreeable fashion that maids-of-all-work have. Eus tace was perplexed, and looking through the door to see if anyone was in the room, perceived AiiH-usta herself, dressed in some dark material, seated in a chair, her hands folded on her lap, her pale face set like a stone, and her eyes gazing into vacancy. .He paused, wondering what could be the matter, and as he did so. Ins umbrella slipped from his hand, makins a noise that rendered it necessary for him to declare him self. ? ' Augcsta rose as he advanced, and lookedathimwith apuzzled air, as though she was striving ] to recall his name or where she had met him, 'I beg your pardon,' he stammered, ' I must introduco myself, as the girl has deserted me— I am Eustace Meeson.' Augusta's face hardened at the name. ' If you have come to me from Messrs. Meeson and Co.' ? she said quickly, and then broke off as though struck by some new idea. '* Indeed, no,'' said Eustace. ' I have nothing in common with Messrs. Meeson now, except the name ; and I have only come to tell you how sorry I was to see you treated as you were by my uncle. You re member, I was in the office r 'Yes,' she said, with a suspicion of a blush, 'I re member you were veiy kind. ' 'Well, you see,' he went on, ' I had a great row with my uncle after that, and it ended m his turning me out ot the place, bag and baggage, and informing me that he wa* going to cut me off with a shilling, which,' he added re Jlectively, 'he has probably done by now.' 'Do 1 understand you, Mr. Meeson, to mean that y«u quarrelled with your^ uncle about me and my books ?' ? «? Yes ; that is so,' he said. 'It was very chivalrous of you,' she answered, looking at him with a new-born curiosity. Augusta was not accustomed to find knights- errant thus pre pared, at such cost to them selves, to break a lance in her cause. Least of all was she prepared to find that knight bearing the hateful crest of Meeson— if, indeed, Meeson had a crest. ' I ought to apologise,' she went on presently, after an awkward pause, 'for making such a scene in the office, but I wanted money so dreadfully, and it was so hard to be re fused. Hut it does not matter now. It is all done with.' There was a dull, hopeless ring about her voice that awoke his curiosity. For what could she have wanted the money, and why did she no- longer want it ? ' I am sorry, ' l\e said. 'Will you tell me w'tiat you wanted it so much for : ' She looked at hiin.ai id then, acting upon impulse rather than reiiection, said in. a low voice : ' If you like I wi 11 show you.' He bowed, wonderi: og what was coming next. Ris ing from her chair, Augusta led the way to a door which openei I out of the sitting-room, and gently turned the handle and entered, he following her. T he room iraq a rtt.dII V-pflrnmti_ n f which the faded calico blind had beei i pulled down ; as it happened, howe ?er, the sunlight, such as it was, b eat full upon the blind, and came thi ough it in yellow bars. They fell u pon the furniture of the bare little room : they fell upon the iron bedstead, ar sd upon something- lying on- it, which he did riot at first notice, because it was covered with a sheet. Augusta walked up to the b sd, and gently lifted the sheet, revealing the swoet fate, fringed I round about with golden hair, of little Jeannie, iu her I 00 Eustace gave an exclamation and started back violently I He had not been prepared for such a signt ; indeed, it was I the first such sight that he had ever sera, and it slicked I him bevond words. August;,, familiarised sis she Wi« hur- I self with the companionship of this beauteous thy. cold 1 Terror had forgotten that to bring, suddenly and without 1 waruin' the living into the presence of the dead is uot tlie I , wisest or the kindest thing to do 1- or. to the living more I especially to the young, the Bight of death w horrible. It I Youth and strength arc merry ; hut who can be merry with | von dead thing in the upper chamber.'' lake it away'. I thrust it underground ! it is an insult to us ; it reminds us 1 that we, too, die like others. What business has its pallor I to show itself against our ruddy checks . j 'I be' your pardon,' whispered Augusta, realising I something of all this in a flash, ' I forgot ; you do not know 1 —you must be shocked ? Forgive me !_' I '' Who is it 'r' he said, gasping to got Dack his breath. 1 ' My sister,' she answered. ' It was to try to save her I life that 1 wanted the money. 'When I told her that I could 1 a _.i. .-t „!,« rro\ta «t* nnd flifld. Your imnlo Villn^ lm- I jjOt; pet IT, SHU ei11*1* ^L ?*'** V..V.**. -~~. wui,!^ inn^-u ucc Greatly shocked, he followed her back into the sitting room ana then— as soon as he got his composure— apologised for having intruded himself upon her in such an hour of desolation. . ' I am glad to see you,' she said simply ; 1 have seen nobody except the doctor once, and the undertaker twice. It is dreadful to sit alone hour after hour face to face with the irretrievable. If I had not been so foolish as to enter into that aoreementwith Messrs. Meeson, Icouldhavegotthemoneyby selling my new book easily enouch; and I should have been able to take Jeannie abroad, and I believe that, she would I have lived— at least I hoped so. But now it is iinislied, and cannot be helped.' ' I wish I had known,' blundered Eustace. 'I could have lent you the money. 1 have a hundred and iiity pounds.' . , 'You are very good,' she answered gently; ''but it is no use talking about it now ; it is finished.' Then Eustucc rose and went away ; and it was not till he found himself in the street that ho remembered that ho had never asked Augusta what her plans were. Indeed, the sight of poor Jennnio had put everything else out of his head. However, he consoled himself with the reflection that he could call again a week or ten days after the Two days later Augusta followed the remains of her dearly loved sister to their last resting place, and then came home ok ; foot (for she was the only mourner) , and sat in her black srown before the little iire, and reflected on her position. 'What I was she to do V She could not stay in these rooms. It made her heart ache every time that her eyes fell UDon the empty sofa opposite, dinted as it was with the accustomed weight of poor Jeannie's xrauie. wuere ms cue iu *-j, ™ »» was she to do ? She might get literary employment, but then her agreement with Messrs. Menpon stared her in the face. That agreement was very widely drawn. It bound her to offer all literary work of any sort that might come from her pon during the next live years to Messrs. Meeson. nt the fixed rate of seven per cent, on the published price. Obviously, as it seemed to her, though perhaps erroneously, this clause might be stretched to include even a newspaper article: and she knew the malignant nnture of Mr. Meesou well enough to be quite certain that, if possible, that would Augusta discovers her sister dead. Augusta returned home on foot, for she \ras the only mourner. Ih. b«t .*«* in Bimiton', .to Wf - to™ «»'* ' '''' a ne It was true she might manage to make a bare Stint out of Jier work, even at the beggarly pay of seven pat ' Dut Augusta was a person of spirit, and she P81' determined that she would rather starve than that M^Lnn should again make huge profits out of her f Wmr This avenue being closed to her, she turned I mind elsewhere; but, look where she might, the msDect was equally dark. Augusta's remarkable literary ocess had not been of much practical advantage to her, * in this country literary success does not mean so much it does in some others. As a matter of fact, indeed, the pra°-e Briton has, at heart, a considerable contempt, if t for literature, at least for those who produce it. T°terature. in his mind, is connected with the idea of iarrets and extreme poverty ; and, therefore, having the arional resnect for money, be in secret, if not in public, rLuises it. 'A tree is known by its fruit, says he. Let a an succeed at the Bar, and he makes thousands upon thousands a year, and is promoted to the highest offices in the State. Let a man succeed in art, and he will he paid or t'tfO thousand pounds apiece for his most 'pot- boilerv' portraits. But your literary men— why, with few fortunate exceptions, the best, of them barely make a living. What can literature bo worth, if a man can't make a fortune out of it ? So argues the Briton _no doubt with some of his sound common 6ense. Not that he has no respect for genius. All men bow to true o-enius. even when they fear and envy it. But he thinks a good deal more of genius dead than genius living. However this may be, there is no doubt that if through any cause-such,*for instance, as the sudden discovery by the ?reat and highly civilised American people that the seventh commandment was probably intended to apply to authors, amongst the rest of the world— the pecuniary re wards of literary labour should be put more upon an equality with those of other trades, literature — as a profes sion— -will go up many steps in popular esteem. At present, if a member of a family has betaken himself to the high and honourable calling (for, surely, it is both) of letters, his friends and relations are apt to talk about him in a shy and diffident, not to say apologetic, way; much as they would had he adopted another sort of bookmaking as a means of I livelihood. Thus it was that, notwithstanding her success, Augusta hed nowhere to turn in her difficulty. Nobodv had called upon her, or sought her out, in consequence of it. ' One or two authors in London, and a few unknown people from different parts of the country and abroad, had written to her— that was all. Had she lived in town it might have been different ; but, unfortunately for her, she did not. The more she thought, the less clear did her path be come; until, at last, she got an inspiration. Why not jeave England altogether ? She had nothing to keep her flWe. She had a cousin — a clergyman — in New Zealand, whom she had never seen, but who had read 'Jemima's Vow,' and written her a kind letter about it. That was we one delightful thing about writing books — one made niends all over the world Surely he would take her in for ffnilfi, and put her in the way of earning a living where p*800 would not be to molest her ? Why should Bhe not in 1 a i e had twenty pounds left, and the furniture (which wcinded an expensive invalid chair) and books would fetch other thirty or so — enough to pay for a second-class SmS^ ^ leave a few Pounds in ner pocket. At the inn * would be a change, and she could' not go through fln!l re tium ste did tere I 80 tliat very ni£nt sne ^ own 'id wrote to her clergyman cousin. (To be continued.) [For continuation of 'The Storyteller' seepage 1397-] ?'vri^JV8 Professor Thompson remarks, no assignable and \i£ - electric- ty,' as this must vary with the current tmn«? - uctor- 'Wheatstone in 1833 seemed to show a TOTrIS?10U velocity of 1S3.000 miles a second through 'HxUnaiw^' ™ 'atc experiments signals were sent over Honn* V^p1?!1 wires on poles, and had aralcofonlv tffi? 6-(^? miles- Wit& w^es near the earth the jugRS8 ^,000 miles, but reached 24,000 miles on very 