ROY'S REPENTANCE. A NOVEL. By Adeline Seeqeant, Author of 'Jaoobi's Wife,' 'Under Falso Protenoes,' 'No Saint,' &o.;, &o.; [At.t- Rights Reserved. ] PART FIRST. ROY JOSCELYN'S MISTAKE. Grafter III. — A Stkanoe Wkdpino. Roy Jospelto did did not pretermit hiB visits to tlio farm. Ho camo baok day aftor day, liko ono fflfcoinnted ; ho eut putiontly by Mr. Carow's liedbido, ho oxohanged a' fow words now and. thon with tho beautiful girl who. flitted in and out of tho fiick muu's room; and and with this '.' frugal cheer*' liis lovo-was well . content, xi a cl no been loss in lovo he might havo found ? something to critioiso in Atis.4 -' Carew's demeanour. . She was not a good nurso ; sho. was careless, forgetful, oven im patient; more than oneo sho looked positively sullen, and kept uu angry si leneo when Rn y spoko to her. Ho s;iw only anxiety foe tlio for the guardian (if so Mr. Carow might- be - called) and timidity or reserve towards himsolf, in tliiB behaviour ; and yet perhaps ho was not ? blinder than, in tho circumstances, tho goue rnlity of men would bo. During this period it seemed to him, too, that Mr. Carow watched him and watched her with a curious intentuess, in which thero was most assuredly a covert sneer. Was ho jeering inwardly at tho young man's rovoront lovo ? Was ho seorotly gibing at Rosamond for having given her affection to another ? Whatever it might proceed from that hulf-cousealod satiro in his eyo becumo ut la«t almost unbearable to Roy Joscelyn. Ho somotimes felt a thrill at positive uversion, for wlilili ho could not account, when lio caught tho old man's oyo. Tho slighting glance, the flickering smile, tho ?word of half-contemptuous fondness, bestowed from time to timo upon tlio girl that Josoelyn loved, irritated tho lover to an unimaginable degree. And yet thoro wis nothing whioli could havo justified a remonstrance from him. Mr. Carew had surely a right to treat his 'adopted daughter' as he chose. Matters wont on in this way for upwards of a week. Mr. Carew became slowly, but steadily weaker. A physician was brought from tho nearest great town to his bedside, at Roy's expense ; but tho physician could do nothing. And whether or no Rosamond was cognisant of his danger, Roy could not tell. Tho young man almost took up his ro3idonco at tho farm house. His tutor remonstrated in vain. Neil and Godfrey kept out of tho way; Godfrey with a guilty and uncomfortable look upon his face when Joscelyn drew near, Neil with au expression that partook of fear. Roy took no notice of either of them. Tho boys had heard nothing from Sir Kenrick. Whether ho had treated Neil's communication (if indeed it had been made) with silent contempt, or whether he had written to Roy, they could not find out. Neil fumed nt the delay. Jleanwhil? ft stranger hud arrived ia tlio village, and taken up his abode at tho inn. Ho was a tall, fair, good-looking man, who did not givo his name, and passed most of his timo out of-doors. What ho did with himself no ono seemed to know. Roy mot him once or twice on tho road, and was struck by his semi military air. Ho mentioned tho stranger casually to Mr. Carow that evening, while Ro3e was in tho room. Ho was amazed at tha effeefc produced liy his remark. 'AYbat!' said Mr. Carow, starting up and g rowing suddenly livid — was it from lugo, or feir, or pain ? ' What ! Hero in tho villaco ?— hero at tho . inn? Rose!' Is it somo one you know?' asked Roy, turning to tho girl. Sho in her turn had changed colour ; Bho grew crimson first and then ashy- whito. and fixed her oyos on Mr. Carew with an expression whieh was certainly one of fear. Roy felt a sudden pang. 'You havo a rival.' Those had been Mr. Carew's words to him. Was this tall, fair man the rival, and had ho come to Folstoko iu search of Rose? 'No, no,' sho stammered, rising aud ap a] proacliing Mr. Carew with a pleading look, 'you are mistaken; indeed you are. It is nobody wo know. I have — I havo— soon the man ; it is not — it is not ? ' . 'Not Frnzer?' said Mr. Carow, sharply, hut sinking back upon his pi-.lows, with a re lieved look. 'You are sure of it ?' ' ' Quite Eure. This man is a strnngor.' ' You had better tako oaro,' said the sick man, gasping a littlo as tho effect of his exer tions mado itself felt, 'Don't deceive mo — again.' His voice became more and moro feeble; his face took on an asliier tint. 'If you deceive mo,' ho faltered, almost inauilibly, though with some fierceness of accent that took Joscelyn by susprise. ' I — I — I'll kill you.' And then his head fell back, his oyelids dropped ; ho had fallen iuto a death-like swoou, from whieh he wus not easily recovered. Roy took his leavo later 'in tho evening in rather a disturbed stato of mind. Ho had had no word of explanation either from Carow or from Rosamond ; and sho seemed obstinately determined not to meet his oye or to excliango other than common- place remarks with him. Of course ho hud no right to ask for an explana tion j but ho felt within himself so keen a craving for ono that it was hard for him to keep silence. He strolled about the lano3 and fields in tho vicinity of tho farm-houso, without mastering his anxiety and his wreteliednoss iu tho least. About 11 o'clock at night ho found himself once moro near tho farm buildings — 30 near, indeed, that ho could soe two figures at tho garden gate, without himself being soon. Two figures! Whoso wero they ? Royoould see them distinctly ; there was a tall, fair mau — tho stranger whom ho had passed that after noon upon the country road— aud a woman. Roy looked — looked again, and stood as if turned to stone. Then he turned round and mado his way back to tho villago atagool round pace, but with a pulse beating like a sledge hammer iu his temples. He ovon f«lt a littlo dizzy now and then; he hardly know whither lio wcut or what he wanted to do. All that ho thought of was tho only terrible faot — that ho hud seen Rosamond '.Carow. sobbing hor heart out, apparently, upon tho .shoulder of tho man whom that afternoon sho had said she was Buro thai she did not k'nbiv. Hopiisscd an anxious tiud troiiblodnight, alter nating between tho desire to denounce Rose for lier perfidy, or to beg:her to c'onfido in him and trust him lilco a brother. Towards morning ho slept, nnd did not come downstairs until the other members of tho vicar's family had finished broakfu&t.; His meal -had been 'kept hot for liiin — lie was treated with especial favour by Mrr. Profeit, and tlio only occupant of tho room was Neil, who was lounging in a window scat, with a book in his hand. A loiter lay hesido Roy's plato. ' He took itup and looked nt it 'with attention; Tlio address was iu Sir Konriek's handwriting; ! tlio envelop; was fastened by'un enormous seal of red wax, bear ing tho impress of Sir-Kenriok's cout-of-urins. Roy smiled n: littlo at its appearance ; there . was an almost official diurnotor about that' great red seal. Then he opened the letter— aud- Noil, mbnuwhle, watched' liitn: furtively .fttoin behind tho shelter of his book. Ho had 'not, perhaps; all tho satisfaction that ho expeoted; but lio certainly had a modicum of it. Roy's face' grow hot;'' then; oold'and whito ; hb brushed tho letter iii his ' hand, : aud throw it down ? with -an .ojaoulation whioh ? greatly sliooked ? tho trim parlbuiviiiaid,: -who was just entering tho room withhot e'offob; and kidneys. After standing a minute *or -two -in- apparent linger nnd porploxity ho oaugiit'up tho letter again, and riibhcd out of the .room. ? Whereon Master Neil put down his book and ? rubbed liis hands gleofully togotlior with joy.' : Joscelyn had some caus- for disturbanoo. Sir Kenriok had heard — ho did not Bay how—a rumour to tho effect that his nopliow was paying attention to n young person in tho villago — a young porson whoso oliardoter and antecedents wero suoh as to render her a vory unsuitable match for Roy Joscelyn.' Sir Kenriok had mado a good ' many inquiries respecting this girl and her guardian, Carow, ana tlio results justified liim in warning his nephew against them, and in requesting Roy to return homo immediately. Roy resented the tono of tho letter. Sir Kenrick treated both him and tho subject most contemptuously. Tho roferouoes to tho Carbws irritated Josoelyn tho moro because lio scarcely know how to repel thom. It was possible that Mr. Carew was anything but u creditable character — but thon Roso was por footion — Roso, who lovod anothor man, and could steal out at night to moot him, evidently against tlio wishes oF ono who ought to havo been ablo to olaim her obedienco. Roy winood at tho remembraneo of that sight and also at tho thought of certain words which Mr. Carow had said to him. Ho felt that ho must do or say something definito, and yot ho know not whut. Ho strodo away over tho hills; argry, hurt, porploxed, wondering liow Sir Kenrick know anything of tho Carows, and whether Mr. Carow would bo mortally offended if ho knew of Sir Konritik'B lottor. Ho did not got baok from his expedition until lato iu tho afternoon, and then, feeling ashamed of his wild mood, ho wont to tho vicarage, changed his olothoB, ato somo food, and about 6 o'clook sot off onco moro for tho old farm house. Halfway there, he almost changed his mind, and turned hack. 'For, boforo him, j advancing to mcotliim, as if ho, too, had been to eeo pretty Rosamond Carow, oamo tho stul wart figure of tho fair-haired strangor whom . Roy conceived to bo- his rival. . After a mo ment's hesitation, however, Roy wont on. Tho two men looked at eaoh other steadily as they met, with tho attention that, two wrestlers, about to meet in mortal combat, might givo to each -' other's mighty tliows and sinews ; they wero forced into tho position of deadly enemies almost against thoir will, and they wished to gauge their own and their op pou' nt's respective strength. Moved by somo sudden impulse whioh mightbo culled quixotic, Roy's hand went up to bis hat ; ho lifted it with the courtesy of a combatant boforo tho Btrifo. Tho strangor was not stirred by the samo emotion. .Ho did, indeed, slightly re turn tlio salute, which had been given bv poor Roy with boyish elaborateness aud solomnity ; but ho also stured and sneered as if ho despised his adversary, and thought .him moro than half out of liis senses. Roy flushed with annoy ance as ho pnsEcd on ; ho wished that ho had not exposed himself to tho scorn of the man who was Rosamond's lover. Tho farm house door was opened by the farmer's wifo, whoso gravo face mado him in quire eagerly after her lodgor'B stato.. ' Mr. Curow was much worse,' said the good woman. ' Ho had been very uneasy all day, and kept sending out to r.ee if Mr. Joscelyn was not coming. Tho young lady, too, was in great troublo; and would Mr. Joscelyn go up to Mr. Carew's room at onco?' _ Joscelyn went upstairs and knocked at tho sick man' b door. It was opened almost im mediate]}-, and Roso stood beforo liim —but how changed from tlio brilliant, smiling Roso he knew ! Tho girl's face was whito, hor eyes wero red nnd swollen ; her throat seemed to be trembling with half-suppressed sobs to which sho dare not givo vent. Roy involuntarily put out both liis hands. ' Roso !' ho said. 'Rose, my darling !' Ho had never called her so before. Ho did not know _ how sho might rebuko liim for his audacity, nnd as soon as tho word was spokou ho trembled at his slip' of tho tongue. But she mado no intelligible response. With some thing that was half a sob and half a ory she escaped from tho touohof his hands, and rushed pastliim down tho crooked stairway of the old fashioned house. Roy looked after nor with a ehuip, momentary tmng. Was sho going to meet her lover, or was sho simply trying to got away from him ? He eighed as he went into the bed room, and shut tho door. As soon as ho looked at Mr. Carew he saw that there had been what sick-nurses call ' a change.' Tho man was sitting up iu bed, sup ported by pillows ; thero was even an air of unusual energy in his posture. But his features wero sunken ; tliero waB a pinehed, whito look about his noso and a haggard hollowness of tho eye-sockets, which told their own tale to an ex perienced watcher. It was plain that Mr. Carew was not long for this decidedly un satisfactory world. Ho did not at first speak wlion Roy np proached liis bedside, but looked at him keenly from oiit of his hollow oyos, and hold up ono long, wasted finger as if to chock tho words upon his lips. Roj^' waited, aghast. Was the man out of his minrl that lio should act so oddly ? Tho words that ho spoko did not tend to lesolvo thot doubt. Listen,' said Mr. Carow, in a high, gasping voice, which had a strange and un natural sound to Roy's ear, 'listen. I have something to say. I withdraw my opposition. If you wish — to marry Rosamond— I havo no objection to mako. I should liko — I should like — to see lier your wifo boforo I dio.' , Roy Btarted. * This was not what ho had expected to hoar. Ho was cousoious of a curious sensation — something like an electric thrill — a shock that was not paiuful and yet had painful elements. A vision of Roso'spale, tear-swollen face flashed through his brain. Somo of tlio sentences in Sir Kenrick's letter darted across his mind. Aud yet thore was no appreciable pauso beforo ho answered steadily — ' I shall be the happiest of men on tho day when Roee becomes my wifo. But' will sho consent ?' Mr. Carew looked at him for a moment, with tho fixed, smiling gazo which Roy had already found so offensive, and then answered briefly — ' Sho has consented.' ' May I go to her ? May I seo hor ?' criod Roy. His pulses wero up to fever- height already. ' Presently — presently.' The old man's voico waB growing feeble, and he gasped for breath as he went on. ' I want to seo her settled— and happy — beforo I die. Can that be done ? ' 'If she will consent, it shall be dono. I will get a special lieenBO, and before tho end of the week ? ' ' Bless you, my dear boy.' Mr. Carew ex tended his long white fingers, and pressed Roy's rather unwilling hand ' You will mako me dio happy. I am not so heartless as you thought me. I do care, you see, for my Rose's future. And now you will ring tli6 bell sharply — twice.' Roy did as ho was desired — quietly enough, in spito of his inner excitement. It soemud lo him as though tho earth was reeling beneath liis feet, ns though tho. scenes before his oyes dauced in a bewildering mist.- There. waB an intense, exhilurating sense of defianco of tho world, : of heroic uia&tory; over his own life. No reminder of tho risk tli.it ho ran in' disobeying Sir Kenrick's erpresa command*, of the danger to his prospects and tlie downfall of his friends' hopes, would at thnt moment have had any effect upon him. ' Tho world,' ho would have Enid, ' were indeed woll lost for love.' The door opened to nilmit Rosamond Curaw. Site was palo, but slio looked calm and self- . possofsed. Her eyes had been bathod, hor lnir smoolhtd ; she had oven added a flower to hor adornment, as if to show that «he considered tho moment an auspioious ono. Roy was in Eomo respects a fastidious man : ho wa's not sure, iu sjiite of his love- madness, whether ho liked that, jlowei. When Mr. Carew was lying at tho point of death, did it argue goad fooliug: —or ut least , good tas£e — iu liis ' adopted daughter' to bedeck herself with floworsi ' Biittlio suggestion piBsoel as eiuiokly as'it came, and ho reproached, himself: for his oold heurtediie-ss. Yet'ho did not , liko that ;ilowtjr--i a delicate, hot house blossom, too— as raro a-iit whs costly !. Where on earth had Rose got lit ? Ho was.reeullcd from tlicso, fancies to plain fact, by tho sound of Mr. Oarow's. weak voice. ; ?-- - ' Roso^my dear,' ho said, . I have Rpoken to Mr. Joscclyn, und told hint? that I withdraw, any opposition that I hnvo mado toi.his .wishes and yours!' ' ? 'Was; thero a ,sneor.iu liis voioo'?: : Joscalyn; couldinot, be sure, and. did- not care. .Hsp'ut out his hand and drew Roso towards' liim. Ho noticed that hor lingers wore vory cold, aud Ih it: slio did not return his kiss. Indeed, thero was a sullen expression about hor hps, a uombro light in her, beautiful oyes, wliioh, mightihavo repelled n less ardent lovor or a wiser mau. . In an hour Joscelyn was oil to Loudon.:' Hj wanted to lay hands ou a sum of inoiiey whioh stood 'to his ercdili -in a London bauk, to got possession of ;; soino family jewels whioh -lio meant,. Roso to wear, nnd to procure a license for.tho.mnrriugo. It took him two diys to ac complish thoso objects, ond when, ,011 tho third ,dny, he returned, ho was almost prepared to he'ur that Mr. Curow's lifo had already ebb-id away. But suoh had liot boon tho ons-j. „ Mr. Carew wiib living, though most of his timo was spent in a sort, of stupor of exhaustion. ; Roy's arrival sec-med to arouse him; ...Ho looked entisfiod, and whispered his. requost that. tho 'mnrriago should tako pl.bo at, oncb., Tlio 'special license 'did away with: 'all difficulties about time and place, and Roy vary' williYigly agreed thut tho ceremony should bo arranged ! for thut very ovouing. It wus thon— only j then—that Rosamond demurred. j j ''Tliia evening— oh, no! wait, wa't!' sho ! said, drawing back. 'My darling, why should wo wait?' askod Eoy, reading an adorable tend-nness towards her guardian in this d sire for d'.Oay. But tho girl only east a frigh'en d, ugiiatod, glaneo toward Mr. Carow' b pallid fuco, whioh was turned towards hor with tho ghost of its old jeering smilo. ' Yes, why should you wait ?' ho said. ' I shall not troublo you long. This ovening, Roy. I Bhould liko to witness tho ceremony.' It was _ a Btrango wedding. A clergyman from a neighbouring parish hud beon askod to officiate, as Roy know that it was cruel to ox pcot Mr. Profoit to do bo That poor gentlo man wns already in tho direst plight of alarm and anxiety; ho hud had letters from Sir Kenrick (confined to his bed by an attack of gout) and from Mrs. Desmond, in plenty ; ho had callcd nt tho farm, ho had expostulated with Mr. Carew, with Roy, with Roso herself, mid all to no effect. And so tho Rev. Jumos Nicol, from tho noxt village, oaino at 6 o'clook that evening, and joined iho hands and hoard the vows of Roy J oscoly n and Rosamond Carow. The old man lay and listened to tho solemn words of tho mnrriago-servico with a sort of mocking interest. When it wasovor.-ho called Rosamond to his side. ' Come and kiss me, my dear,' ho Baid. . 'I wish you happiness. I have certainly dono iny utmost to secure it. Your vows had a pretty ring about them. 'Lovo, honour, and oboy' — woro not thoso tho words? Look to it that you keep your promises,' And Joscelyn, glancing at his wifo's beauti ful face, saw that it was as whito as snow. ClIAITEB IV. — 'As A DnEAH WlIE.7 OsK Awakehi.' In the turmoil and confusion of tho provioua threo days, Roy had scarooly had timo for doubt or fear. Besides, ho had been enveloped in his triumph of lovo as in a coat of mail, through which no earthly enomy could touch him. Ho seemed to himself to bo lifted into a serener air, a climo of brightness and everlast ing exultation. Ho walked amongst men as a prince in disguise, thinking to himself, ' If they but know what a kingdom is mine own !' It was a phase of folly which most men pass through, and luugh ut when it is past. And yot how infiritely poorer would their lives havo been without it. But now, in tho very realisation of his desiro, a cold chill of fear attacked him. HiB glance at Roso'u fuco was not reassuring. Had sho been in anyway coerced into this marriage? Sho had never yot suid that she loved liim. When ulono with hor, ho could not forbear to put his thought into words. ' My darling,' ho said, kneeling down before her, as sho Bat in a low chair in tho littlo parlour of tho old furm-house, and putting his armB gently rouuil her waist, ' my own darling, you will never regret what you havo done, will you ? You have not been hurried in any way ? At a word from you I would have waited — but he told mo that you consented, and I have ecarcely had timo to hear your consont from your own sweet lips. Was thero ever a wooing or a wedding go strange and Bivift as OUfa h&3 bpen; my Roso ? Tell mo now, at least, that you love mc, nnd that you will trust me to make you happy. Sho smiled at him rather uneasily. '!01i, yes,' sho Baid, 'I trust you per fectly.' ' ' And lovo mo. Roso ? ' ' Oh, of course,' she sai'l, with a laugh that jarred upon his ear. ' Why else should I havo married you ? You haven't a fortuno to give, you know.' Then, seeing perhaps that he wus hurt, Eho leaned towards him and kissed his forehead. ' I euro for you, not fora fortune,' sho said, lightly. : . 'Mylovo! ButI havo something to give you, though it is not a foctuno. Are you fond of pretty things, liko ail women ? Theso woro my mother's jewels ; I have brought them from London for you.' ' Ho opened tho cases and showed her their contents. , , , ' There is nothing especially valuablo,' lie said, 'except this diamond pendant aud tlio bracelets. Tho pearls t'.re good, 'however ; my: mother woro thoso on her wedding day. Tho diamonds will suit you best, -Roso— or this set of emeralds.' ' Oh, they'ro lovely !' cried Roso, with en thusiasm. Hor colour rose, and her eyes danced with delight. ' Oh, do let mo put thorn on just to see how they look. . I never wore real jewellery before— only Palais Royal things. My goodnCEB, what a lot they must havo cost !' Sho clasped the neoklace round lier throat and tho bracelets on her wrists, then roso and surveyed hortelf in tho littlo lookiug glass over ? tho mnntel-pieco. ' I can't seo myself hero,' sho said, craning hor neck to got.a bettor view, utterly rogard less of Roj, who Btood by with the empty o.iac3 and thought of Gretclien— only poor Roy would liavo mode a very indifferent Mophisto ? phelcB and not much of a Faust, when all was said and done! — and admired his wifo'B ex quisitely rounded contours, and vol vo-'y rich ness of oolouring to his heart's content. ' I'll tell you what I'll do,' sho said, turning to hint at last. ' There's a good- looking glass in Mr. Carew's room. I'll just run up and taks a look at myself iu it. It's tho best glass iu tho house.' Roy caught her hand. 'Roso, Rose! think what you are doing! My darling, do not disturb a dying man in that way.! You have forgotten.' She paused, glanced at him sideward, and then burst into u laugh which startled him by its likeneBS to Mr. Carew's Bneering tones. 'Oh yes, I had forgotten,' she said scorn fully. ' I'm out of his power, at any rate ; what do I care for him? I'd like to havo a good dance now, to show him that I am glad. Come, if I may not gu up stairs let's have a waltz, Roy ; I can waltz beautifully.' 'You can do every thing boautifully, my dar ling,' said Roy, who was moro startled by this exhibition of cullousuess than he would havo cared to nckuowlodjjo — to Sir Kendrick, at any rato-V and therefore you will do what becomes a good, true, beautiful woman, who must feel sorry for tho (sufferings of anothor ? ' Agnin slio burst; out into -that dry, discordant laugh. TO 'You solemn oreaturo,' -'she exoluiruod. ' Are yon going preach to me already ? ' And then slio begun to pirouette lightly round the l-ooni ;' a bowitchiug vision of youth and heal th;. and beauty, whieU, Roy could, not fail to admire. Tlio sun wu9 - pouring n flojd of light through tho western, window, tinting all that it touched with gold. . Roso iu lior.wiiilo frock, -with tho;,firo of tho. diamonds on liov neok nnd nrms, was at that moment dozzliugly beautiful. ;,Roy forgot to reprove hor lioollow ness— might it not rather bo called hor lioacfc lbssnchs— in the intoxication of. hor beauty. She was only a child,' lio said to himself, ex cusingly ; slio was O7or-oxcited ; she : would learn iu time'. , ?' ! . If tho manner of the wedding was odd, tha way iu which tho honeymoon began was oddnr. Husband and wife wero summoned h.itpro long .'to tho'bodsido'pf'tho.dyiug man upstairs.' Thuy .watched beside him for some, time, and then Roy watched alone.- ?' But MK C.iraw did not ? dio at break of day as the dootor had prediot'od * Ho lingered on, iu an iusonsiblo condition, for. two 'days' longer. J6=cp]yn and Rosamond wero with liim when lie die'd. ; , ,, Hn had luiii irisehsib'.o'sio long thut they did not expect any signs of. cbnsoiousmns us the, ^death-hour droyr.-nen'r. ,- But just ut tho last ho opened .his eyes aiid', fix-id. tlism upon Rose us though lio knew her. She shrank back, and would have, .slipped out. of tho room had Roy not detained her with a caressing olasp and word. , .She was. wearing, her favourite colour — .pink-f-iind tho idiambhds still glittered round \- her neck. : Slio hud refused to lay them aside, insisting^ that they, wero too beautiful to ba . shut ' iip ' iii morocob onsen, uud Roy had humoured her. ns ho would have liumourod a ? pretty, wilful child. It was tho gleam of the stones that seemed to have caught Mr. Carew's dimmed oyo. Ho raised his hand and pointed to her with his long, yellow, trembling fiugor. '? Tell him,' ho said in hoarse, almost indis . tinguisliablo acconts. ' Tell liiin —all.' Aud then his hand dropped ; a film oamo over his . eyes— thero was a rattling sound in his throat, a slight convulsion of his limbs, and thon his jaw foil— it was all ovor ; ho was dead. Roso had to bo carried oiit of tho room ; sho .had fainted, and when slio oamo to liorsolf sho ? passed into stroug hysterics. Roy tended her carefully, affectionately, feeling ' himself strangely helpleBS boforo this exhibition of fominino feeling ; and when sho was oalmer, and seemed disposed to sleep, he went out of doors in order to get a littlo fi'OBh air and change of scone aftor tho strain of tho last fow days. Ho had ono or two subjects of refl wtiou whioh ho was glad to pondor on in silen so for a little time. Now that no. duty bounl his wifo to tho old farm-houso, ho must docido upon tho courso that thoy wore to tako. Ho could not stay any longer in that lonoly vil lago ; ho hud not money enough to live without working, and ho revolved in liis mind various methods of earning a livelihood. Ho was very hopoful of success in tho world ; it did not seem Eossililoto him that ho should ovor fail in what o undertook. Ho meant to go to London, and fight his way to literary distinction. With Roso by his side, ho said to himself that ho could not but succeed ! _ Ho had announced his marriago to Sir Ken rick, and had received in reply a stern command nover to show his face at Itotherwood again, nor to expect help or favour of uny kind. Sir Kenrick had dono with him for over. For tho loss of fortuno Roy cared not at all, but ho was sorry to havo quarrelled with his undo, who had hitherto beon always kind to liim. Rose, however, was his wifo; and that made up for everything else. No w that tho watching and tho waiting by Mr. Curow's siok-bed wore ovor, ho could tako her away and mako lier com pletely his own. Eo lost. himself in dreams nhont the futnro, and wandered so far over tho hills that when lie reached tho farmhouse) again, twilight had begun to fall. Ho wont up to Rose's room and found hor lying on tho bed, calm enough now, but very pale. ; 'Aro you better, Rose, my darling?' ho asked her. ? j : 'Oh, yes. I'm all right. It was tho fiheek of seeing— Feoing tho old man — dio.' ' It was a shock, no doubt. Poor child!' said Roy, laying his hand soothingly on hers. To his surpriso Rho drew it away, i ' Don't touoh me,' eho said, petulantly. ' Lot mo alone.' He looked nt her for a moment in amaze, then sented himself at a littlo distanoe from her. It must bo, he thought, the shook, the grief, of losing her adopted fathor that mado hor speak so angrily. Ho was hurt by her tone, but not displeased.' Shall I tako off your neoklaco F' he said, seeing the glitter of stones on her neok. 'It must bo uncomfortablo ? ' ' Can't you let mo alono ?' sho said again. 'If I choose to keep them on, it is nothing to you.' ' Roso ! Everything thatyou do iB important to mo.' 'Is it? I'm sorry for it,' She luughod iiiEolontly ns she spoke. ' You'll soon find out your mistake.' ' What do you mean ?' ' Why don't you ask what old Carow meant when ho said ' tell him:' He meant yon : I wns to tell you something, you know. What do you suppose it was ?' ' If thero is anything you onght to toll mo,' said Roy, with a terrible silking at heart, 'for heaven's sake, Rose, tell mo now, without further delay. I can bear anything, if only — if only — you love me.' He came a stop nearer und laid his hand upon, her arm. ' Buy you Jovo me, Roso. Your lovo is all that I want.' She broke forth again into tho wild laughter thut Roy disliked. ' Why should I say what is not true ?' eho said. ' Ho is not hero now, to threaten mo and torturo mo. You don't know what he was— a gamblor, a thiof, a wretch — you don't kuow how he used to treat i' 0 ! He forced me to say that I would marry you ; hut I thought — 1 thought — ho would have died first ! I never loved you— nover. I liato you now. I wish I might nevor see your faeo again.' ' ' 'You do not know what you aro saying,' said Roy, with oxtreme agitation.- 'Rose, think aguin— spare mo ? ' 'Why should I spare you?' sho cried, springing up and facing him, with a fierce light in ber oyes und hot, red spots of colour in her cheeks. 'Wus I ever spared? I havo hnd a miserable life — not that I care— but I will-pretend aud lio aud fawn no longer now' that tlio old man is dead. I hated liiin, and lio liuted mo. Ho wanted to make mo miser able for over ; and so ho forced mo to marry yon.' 'How could ho force you to do what you did not wish?' ,, ' Oh, : ho ' had ways and means. I nevor thought that ho was going to die. I thought that ho wbb just making-belicvo, to work upon your feelings. I expected to seo him get up and go about again in a day : or two. If I had known — oh, if I had but known !' ' 'You would not havo married mo?' said 'Roy, in a very quiet voi.ic. He felt aa if frozen — turned iuto 6tone by this revolution, ... . 'I would- have killed you first,' cried she, as if gouded into frenzy by tho question. Sho looked wonderfully handsome us she /'stood boforo him with her hair looso, floating over her magnificent shoulders, her eyes aflame with hor indignation and her disdain. Unwomanly she might bo, but in her passionate recoil from the man that she did not lovo sho was ulso half superb. But reaction followed close upon exoiteraenl. She suddenly burst into tears, and sank down upon a low couch, covering hor face with her hands, and weeping like a child. Roy funcied that this siiow of emotion meant rcmorso, perhaps repentance and returning tenderness. His love had boon terribly wounded, but it was still alivo and strong. He bent over hor, cullinglier ty fond names, promising to make her happy— promising to makd her lovo him before long, vowiug all tho thousand and one things that ho thought might perliupj avail to stop her tears and sootho her grief. But ha felt all tho timo liko one who has loceived a stunning blow. Tho future was dark beforo him, the world was black ; all that ho could think of was how to console the beautiful, sobbing creature that he had unwittingly en trapped againBt its will. His efforts at last seemed be be crowned with Borne bucccbs. Sho became silont and calm'; slio allowed him to hold her hand nnd to kiss hor still averted cheek. Ho waa ohcerod by the sight of hor passivencsa, for he was young and hopeful, and did not know that in a woman tempest isless to bo dreaded than sullen calm. Ho left her alono, at last, as sho ox pressed a wish to sleep, and he, after a melan choly stroll in tho garden, flung himself down ou tho horsehair sofa in the parlour, and thero fell nt last iuto a deep t-luinber — tho slumbqr of au utterly exhausted m«n. Tho sun. was high in tho lioivens when he awoke to 'Slid his landlady regarding him with prrplexity and amaze. 'Oh, Mi. Joscelyn, sir, and what mekyo here?'' sho said. ' I thought yo wero out wi' your wife.' ' Is s-hti out f' said Roy, starting up. ' ' Ees, indeed she be. Au' her bod not bin slept in neither. Sho du tuko tho old geutle -mun's deuth to heurt, slio du.' ' I'll go and meet her. ' SIio's gono for a Walk,' i-aid Joscelyn, hurriedly. ' Got broak : faet ready, Mrs. Powell ; wo'll bo back soon.' Aud uway ho -wont iuto, tho Bunny morning air, with a oold weight at his heart, : of fear that ho could scarcely understand. The fear gathered form and Rubstauco fast jenuugh. For. though ho wailed, and watohod, -and searched.. for. her^-patieutly, nt first, ,and then with' a fury of J distressful pain— Rosa- ltu-iid never oaino.hnok. . ,What .became of hor nobody seemed to know:' There Was a groat hunt for hor on tliehills— whero. thoy thought slio might havo lost her way— and among tho low roclis .aid oozo of tho ena-bsaoli, whoro ; innny a man and woman hail' boon botray od to dentli by uncertain footholds und trouohorous muds— but they found no'trncoof hor. Sho had left Roy Joscelyn for over. , . , ..... ... Ono eiinnot'h'elp' pitying' tho poor lad at this portion of his carcer. He had given, up every thing for lovo— friends, homo, portion— aud lovoliud fuiled him, puhlioly and ignoaiiuiously. Tho strango disappearance of a beautiful girl ' could not easily bo hushed up, aud beforo many duyB had olapsed the event was commented upon in nil tho newspapers. By tho timo that it was mado publio, however, thero had boon ainplo opportunities for Rosamond to leavo tho country, if she wero bo inclined. For, after tha. conversation that ho had with hor, Roy did not beliovo thut sho was dead. He haunted tho placo like a ghost, in tho vain hopo thut sho might return, ior somo littlo time after Mr. Carew's funeral. Ho avoided all his friendB; would not speak to tho clergyman : in tho village Btreets ; refused to notioo tho :boys, Noil nnd Godfrey, to whom he , had: onoe bom carelessly kind. Noil used to watch htm' ouri ously, but kept out of his way. . Godfroy, on tho contrary, hung ubout at his hools'like adog ?nnd onco altemptcd soino blunt word-of sym pathy, but Roy simply looked ut him blankly, us though ho did not understand, and wont on his way before tho hoy had fiuiahod his bluudor ing, ill-construotcd Bentenoo. No wondor peoplo said that ho was going out of his mind. It was such a sudden dovrnfull ! Ho had been so buoyant, so bright, bo intoxicated with love's young dream ; and now he had found, all at once, that lovo could betray, that women wero sometimes false, and that treachery might meet him on every hand. It was a terrible ordeal for a man ; ho did not come out of it unscathed. Old Sir Kenrick relented when ho heard of Roy's troublo, and wrote him a friendly lotter, bidding him como back and tuko his old placo at homo. But Roy took no notice of this com munication. Ho did not care what peoplo said Or thought of him ; ho was only quite cortain that ho would nover again look into tho face of those whom ho had onco accounted his friends. He would go to a now country aud wiu his way there either to fortuno or death. Within two months aftor his ill-starred marriage, thereforo, ho started for tho anti podes, with the remainder of his small fortuno iu his pocket, and a full determination nover to set toot in tho Old World again. With his wanderings in distant lands wo have nothing to do. He gained money and he lost money ; he had many adventures of different kinds; ho went _ to New - Zeiilund aud Australia aud America, but he did not stay long in any place. On tho w hole ho was an unsuccessful man. It was when ho was in America thuttlio news of his wife's death camo to him. He had letters from a solicitor about it, the certificate of her death and burial, and a few trifling relics of her possessions. Aud thon ho first felt conscious thut a now lifo might yot begin for him, and that tho courago and energy whioh ho had somisetably wasted in hisyouth, were yet existent und might be turned to good account. What should ho do ? Should ho go buck to England, and try to retrieve tho past ? But ho was a poor man still, and ho had boen nine years abroad. What career was open to him iu England ? While ho was hesitating, a letter was put into his hands. Ho tore it open hastily, for, although the .Handwriting was strange to him, tho postmark was that of Rotherston, the town near Sir Kenrick's house. And this was what he read : — . ' Sin, — I write at tlie request of Sir Konriok Joscelyn (whoso hands are disabled through illncssj to beg you to pay him a visit. Ho is old and feeble, and wishes, ho says, to seo you onco more beforo he dies. ' Tours faithfully, ' Liuhesoe Eble.' ' His seoretary, I supposo. Poor old man,' said Roy. to himself. ' Ah, here's a postscript — can Laurence Erie be u woman?' — 'If this appeal does not touch you, let mo add that I am suro you would feel it your duty to return at onco, did you know all the circumstances of Sir Kenrick's present life.' What doe.s that mean, I wonder? Havo the Desmonds got hold of him ? I'll Bturt to-morrow.' (To be continued.) 