THE BUNYIP. Every one who has' lived in Australia has heard of the Bunyip. It is the one respectable flesh-curdling horror of which Australia can boast. The old world has her tales of ghoul and vampire, of Lorelei, spook, and pirie, but Australia has nothing but her Bunyip. There never were any fauns in the eucalyptus forests, nor any naiads in the running creeks. No mythological hero left behind him stories of wonder and enchantment. No white man's hand has carved records of a poetic past on the grey, volcanic-looking boulders that overshadow some lonely gullies. There are no sepulchres hewn in the mountain rampart surrounding a certain dried-up lake-probably the crater of an extinct volcano-and which in truth suggests possibilities of a forgotten city of Kor. Nature and civilization have been very niggard here in all that makes romance. No Australian traveller ever saw the Bunyip with his own eyes; and though there are many stockmen's yarns and black's patters, which have to do with this wonderful monster, they have all the hazy uncertainties which usually envelop information of the legendary kind. Some night perhaps, when you are sitting over a camp-lire; brewing quart-pot tea' and smoking store tobacco, with the spectral white gums rising like an army of ghosts around you, and the horses hobbles clanking cheerfully in the distance, you will ask one of the overlanding hands to tell you what he knows 'about the Bunyip.. The bushman will warm to his subject as readily as an Irishman to. his banshee. 'He will in dignantly repel your insinuation that the Bunyip may be, after all, as mythical as Alice's Jabberwock; and he will forthwith proceed to relate how a' friend of his 'had a 'mate, who knew another chap, who had once in his life had a narrow escape from the Bunyip, and had actually beheld it. He himself has never set yes upon the bunyip, nor has his mate, but here is not the smallest doubt that the other chap has seen it. 'When facts come to be boiled down, however, "the other chap's" statements will seem curiously vague and contradictory, and, if the details are to be accepted as they stand, a remarkable contribution to natural history must be the result. The Bunyip is the Australian sea-serpent, only it differs from that much-disputed fact or fiction in that it does not inhabit the ocean, but makes its home in lagoons and still, deep water-holes. For rivers and running creeks, it appears to have an aversion. No black follow will object to bathe in a river, because of the Bunyip, but he will shake his woolly head mys teriously over many an innocent- looking water hole, acid decline to dive for water-lily roots, or some such delicacy dear to the aboriginal stomach on the plea that "Debil.debil sit down there." Debil-debil and Bunyip are synonymous terms with the black fellow while he is on the bank of a lagoon, though "Debil dehil" in the abstract represents a much more indefinite source of danger, and has a far wider scope of action than most mythological deities. "Debil.debil" is a convenient way of accounting. not only for plague, sickness, and disaster, but also for peace, plenty and good fortune. Accord ing to te religious code of the Australian aboriginal, Ormuzd and Ahriman do not work at opposite poles, but combine and concentrate themselves under one symbol. The supremacy of Debil-debil is uncontested, and he deals out promiscuously benefits and calamities from the same hand. A medicine-man, professing to be in confidential communication with Debil-debil, may kill or cure a black fellow according to his pleasure. The natives have a superstition, in common with many primitive nations, that if an enemy possesses himself of a lock of hair from the head of one to whom he wishes ill, and buries it in the ground beneath a gum-tree, the despoiled person will sicken and die as the hair rots away. In that case, Debil-debil must be "pialla-ed" [entreated] by the sick person to unbury the hair and cast it into the fire, when the charm will be dissolved. The medicine man, therefore, has but to assure his patient that Debil-debil has refused or acceded to his request, and death or speedy recovery will be the consequence. The blacks have an impish drollery and love of mischief, and they delight in imposing on the credu lity of their white auditors. Thus the stories of their superstitions must not be accepted too literally. But it is certain that when they show a distinct reticence in regard to any reputed article of faith, it may safely be looked upon as genuine. The blacks never will volunteer information about the Bunyip; it has always to be dragged out of them. When a black disappears, it is generally under stood that the Bunyip has got hold of him, and the particular water-hole in which the monster is supposed to live becomes more than ever an object of terror and a place to be avoided. The water-hole may have hitherto been uncon demned by tradition, and the blacks may choose to disport themselves in it; but if one of them, seized with cramp or emmeshed in woods, sink to rise no more, the terrible cry of "Bunyip" go forth, and those waters are from henceforth shunned. The Bunyip is said to be an amphibious animal, and is variously described-somotimes as a gigantic snake; sometimes as a species of rhinoceros, with a smooth pulpy skin and a head like that of a calf; sometimes as a huge pig, its body yellow, crossed with black stripes. But it is also said to be something more than animal, and among its supernatural attributes are the cold, awesome, uncanny feeling which creeps over a company at night when the Bunyip becomes the subject of conversation: and a cer tain magnetic atmosphere, supposed to envelop the creature and to spread a deadly influence for some space around, rendering even its vicinity dangerous, is particularly dwelt upon. According to legend, it attracts its prey by means of this mysterious emanation, and when sufficiently near, will draw man or beast down to the water, and suck the body under, and without sound or struggle the victim disappears, to be seen no more. It is silent and stealthy, and only very rarely, they say, and always at right, has been seen to rise partially from the black water, which it loves, and utter a strange moaning cry like that of a child or a woman in pain. There is a theory that water is a powerful conductor for the kind of electricity it gives out, and that a pool with dry, abrupt banks, and no outlying morass, is tolerably safe to drink from or to camp by but a lagoon lying amid swamp has always an evil repu tation, and in some districts it is very difficult to p~rsuado a black fellow to venture msto such a laco. heo following story was told by an old chief to me when I was in Australia regarding the bhunyip :-"Long ago two brothers-one of them so tall that ha looked down on everybody,: and the other of' ordinary dsee-went to a swamp to gRot swans' eggs. They found a great many; and, while roastming some of them on the hank of the lagoon, the smaller of the brothers said that he must get some more from the swamp. The taller one forbade him to go alone. 'However, he did go. Hofounda nest inth middle of thelagoon, and took theeggs. Whenreturn inn to the shore, he heard a rush of water ibehind him, and saw the water-fowls in front of him hurrying along the water as if frightened. At the same time the bottom of the marsh bename so soft that he stuck m the mfd, and him and carried him hack to the nest, where a Lhrge bunyip caught him in its mouth. It held hine so high that his brother sow him. Some' aho?incs aterwards the water became al. The tali brother thens took a sheet of bark and put a fis' on' it, and apprairng th net, saw hisr 'b-ther ithmouhb of thebunysp. Speakin Ito the- unyip,he said:'Be quiet, and let ma take my lirother.' .The isnyip gnashed its teeth sad gave him np; but he was dead, and his entrails had been devoured. The brother took the body ashore and laid It near the fire, and wept. He then went for his friends, who came and carded the orpso to their home. After he had watched it for two days, the relatives put it in a tree for one moon, and then burned it,with the exception of thl leg and ann bones, which were gieen to the friessi of the deceased." 'r , The first white man who' made his appoar anee at Port Fairgla locality named after a small vmsel called tho Fairy) was cossidered by the aborigines tobe a snperatural being ; annd asho was discovered in the'act of smoking a Ppe, they said' hb" must' be made of fire, for A.S.:T. 