THE DAM3IER L DI)l[IONDS. 1h detective gives a keen glance from his bshrewd eyes a? the bright face. . Well, madam, it is not alwrays safe to tll all' we know or s?-lec, even to the persi n most intereaitd," he answers, gravely. "Y Yes," retcrnsEinorr, writh an impsatisLt gr ture. " O curse I only want to know what you consider it safe to trut me with." "Many ladiel want a good deal more than that," returns the detective, with a quietly-amused air; then he goes on to cay: "You ee, ladie, on m y firs: ezemination of the bedroom-" " We will keep to the diamonds, if you please," interrupts EMinor, hurriedly. '. Just so, madam. Well, on my first e aminatiou I noticed--indeed I conuldr't fail to see one of the most important things in the room, the great iron cafe built into the wall of her layaship's b?dchamber-one of the famous fire-proof, burglar-proof regula tion cafes. It's trange---" The detective inteurrupts] his narrative here to say " It's really strange how many of these wonderful cafes do get opened after all-in some way the inventor never thought, of at the time. WS'ell, of c/ouree, the key was in her ladyship's own care, and where do you suppose we found the key ? In t0e ' leltter lock'of thesafe ! Verycareleas of lierlailyShip to leave it there, you'll say; just so, but the lock is of so complicated a description that although the key was there since tile door was closed we fournd it impossible to open it until we sent for the maker of the safe, who had a copy of the 'clue' in his po:essi;on. It was, he told us, thle only lock of the kind he had ever made, and no two were pre cisely alike, Of coarse when the door was finally opened the diamonds were gone, but that was to be ezpecteCd. Everytlhing was in perfect order, tile cases had been taken sway and ornaments of small value were left untouched, as if the thief knew precicely where every article was kept. It was the neatest thing of the kind I ever saw. Tihere had evidently been no fuss, no noiee." Here the detective, who was kindling into professional enthusiasm, checked himself abrnuptly, and after a few more general re marks bowed himself out; but Elinor had learned all she wished to know. I was convinced that to the detective mind these details only afforded fresi proofs that the murder was most certainly com mitted by sonic one intimately acqusinted with Lady IDamerel and her habits, since the thief either knew, or by sorme miraculous chance adroitly discovered, the secret of that complicated " letter-lock." I could scarcely help wondering that Celestine had not been suspnected, as she was Lady Daraerel's personal attendant. And it afterwards transpired that she had been most carefully examained, and inquiries were instituted which left no doubt of her innocence. cuAvzraa vll. '.T!he inquest and all thohe sickening . formalities are ended; but I don't Iknow exactly what happened. Looking back, it all appeared a dim, evil dream to me, a dream froa whlich it seemed as if I should "; .never more awaken in those awfui days •'that dragged like years of anguish. I haves been tryilg all alongf to mnake this .narrative an absolutely faithful one ; and to :ea?ectly' onvey my own setUYaioun aitd imn prasiouns throughout,, but L am obliged here and' there to rely upon tlhe statemlnt:on of Sothersi since for it time I am withdratwn from the number of the actors in this iuier. able drama. W''! ell I am sure of one thing-I did not faint. ' No, I am sure of that, and I dis ' tinctly remember Sir Cecil Lester coming ":"to`:my side' and putting his arm protect. 'ngly, about me, whilst hls clear, bravo r .vfoioe 'unwnavering and hopeful, souudod in r: my desliairing ears. :;'"' This lady is my promised wife and I ..wpuld etateo my life upun her innocence, ,:.and uI woiuld give it freely to save 'liar fromn the shadlow" of wrong. I swear Miss A 'rAlleyno is innocent, and by Clod's help it sha eill. be proved before many days are past." ,'; Ahl, how good and noble he lookedt as I raised 'my eyes to his, his dear face was Swhbite to lthe very lips; his loyal grey eyes were shining with the desperate excitement. Sof:,tho-moment, Anud I know, if it were Spossible, that I love himt a thousand times be' totor for his Quixotic naction--more passion. ately and truly. . I also k.now the moment this hideous accusation is brought against me, and'I hoar that I, lHilda Alloyne,. the '"descendant of a long time of Teompests and Montmoroncies am accused on suspicion of La;dy Damerel's murder, or at least of being an accessory before the fact. Oh, I inow violl that"I can never, never be Cecil LeOtor's .tiwife. Though, as God knows, I aml innocent, yet I'will never bring 'even the ghost of a , stain upon his hloiiuured and.uutarnielled a'?mo.e ' No; by the trno,'truo"lov'e I bear him I swear that shall never be while I h ovievg:l it.:;is . I::I discover by-and.bye it is Oolestine wh_ ' fastoeneod suspIoion. upon me in the first instane ; but I am wolf "aware thero is a" ,master ;Enirit' bohind ,thli'6seoonos who pulls theo wiroes, I. think. Iknow too, right welli .wlinlhatprompts hisi alctioni L It is adevoilishli uidosiro 'to be revenged upon a lhelpless girl. :'who :rojoected ,his proffered lbve; and, weak •+ase, she was, contrived to thwart, his'Oevil ' .dprohjets with regard to the, heiress of Stoke. Damerol.e -olestinoe is but a tool in Wal, :.doenar's hands, easily worlked by lier'grbod ?ntd vanity, rand I can forgive hor, poorsoul, stli'ntho suffering sheo elanees me. . .?:'Wrheon tho :oitcumstanco of that mystori. S.oue wound I failed to hido is relatodtotd'lhe -oflocors; from Scotland Yard, I hlea thaLt :they:mado an elaborate examination ofmny r-rooms (of which I was perfectly ignorant); :',(,aud tlho stairs and corridor between 'thero :.,and Lady Damerel's apartments, Naturally :ionough, their grave suspioions of poor in :.nooont me are deepened when they discover,' "he"'oro and there upon the dark polisheod floor "of stpsGA and corridors, small discoloured s'pllashes, whihi prove to be blood! .Yes,I -am traclced--stop by stop. , Thoe trail is. ,llaini to" -thosb pationt: :oarllohrs, - aoonus.: It'bmed: to'minuite investigations,,' ".t is; trueoI -itbe drops of blood are -fewv'aid ,far be.'/ 'twooen; so small;, too, that tli'oymtghteasily 1"sabij b ; casual i oyes ; an~vok t llp l o : rx' 'j 'j:i r , ? " '. ; + 1+++ :,' ?. '1 ," r' i: j gin not manuy paces from Lady Damarel's btd-chambert, and they end-on the thre hold of may droor ! If furthber proof were needed-thrust away behind a pile of gar ments is Elinro's blo.ro-prinkled white wrapper, which I was waiting an oppor tanity to destroy. It bears no zrarae, and it ezarctly resembles similar garments in my own p seCn Lon. The chain of circums.ntntial evidene is s;rong, and a variety of tiny incident; serve accidenatally to etrengtheu it day by day. At any rate, they hold ms fa:t, hoping I i;att betrav the actual perpetrator of the rime. Alas ! They do not know how fervently I pray he may be di?vered. Arreeted and c.mmitted for trial oa sa, picion of a murder! The terrible words convey no real meaning to my poor parents. They are stunned and stnpifild by the orver whelming intelligernce, but they do not believe it really means I, their own child mnu. Le taken away from their care and incarcerated within the walls of a prison, to await her trial on the mo-t awful of all charges, for a capital offence. For my?ief, I am so exhausted by the season of pa sionate suffring I have lived through since the night of Lady Damerel's death, that I maintain a demeanour of unnatural calm which nothing now seems able to shake. I am innocent, in word and touglrht and deed; but I am made to appear most miserably guilty, and I believe myself pact all human aid, despite the strenuous efforts Sir Cecil Leater is making on my behalf. I feel more than ever convinced that it would be futile now to reveal the story of ElIinor's somnambulistic adventure, in which I received the wound that in criminates me. No use to speak, since I could nrot save myself, and shonld only inflict a lasting injury upon my poor Elinor's reputation. All that occurs hereafter I relate, not frozn personal knowledge, but as it was told ins by the different persons engaged in the 'lrealful drama. Elinor is absolutely hlear-broken for my sake; f poor girl, she does not guess that she is tbhe uco?sei,,us author of my suflerings i brat her faith in me remains unshaken, and her protestations of undying devotion are very touclring. She and Colonel Dacre, a gsllaut soldier who won our hearts from the very first, have a final interview with me ; during which we both implore him to re move hris ward at once and effectually from Leopold Waldemar's evil influence ; to take her away anywhlere out of bis reach ! We are both so munch in earnest, indeed in the midst of our danger and anguish, my first tbouzht is for Eliuor's safety. At parting I take Colonel Dacre aside, and tell him as mnch as I can of Waldemer's mesmeric powers, and the balefutl effect they have upon Elinor. To my intense surprise, Colonel Daere does not even smile at my mysterious reve lations (in which, however, I do not of coursie touch upon our raidnignt adventure) ; but lie listens gravely, and asks rme some rather unexpected questions. Finally, he promises me faithfully that in the future Elinor lshall run no such risks, for, since lldy Dauserel's death, Elinor is in his sole charge ; anid he will care for her as though sire were hris on daughter. Then, bidding me be of good cheer, for I shall speedily re join my friendc he goes out, and I see him no more. I learn afterwards that the shock of recent events, the most prominent of which to Eliomr's mind is my arrest, combined witlh the period of fearful excitement through which we have passed (enough for any ordinary lifetirne),'haveo been too much for thir morbidly susceptible and impres. sio,mable nervous system of tihe heiress of Stoke - Delmerel, and that she lies between life aRd death, alternately delirious or unconacions, ?in the dangerous grip of brain fever." Her fragile life trembles in tihe balance (luring many long, anxious weeks; whilst I, the: suspected murderess, eludre tihe period of 'my detrn tion with what Sir Cecil Lester and tihe Ilillcots people insist upon calling " heroic courage and Sinrtarin f6rtitude." ' Iu truthr, I dor't.beliuve. I deserve any of those line phrases. .To me tho whole affair seems mnuch simpler than it does, to?tlem ; arnd I am very ure Ildornot experience one tenth of the suffering ,they. endure vicari ously. I fancy Iam half tire time stilnnied and strpid-rt mental condition: which. in very often thIe merciful result'. of, a g6oatR trouble-.I don't" realise . my, ,danger; and then I knrow I am innocent, I have too, a quaint, child-like faith that " God will de fend tie rightl," the old battle-cry, of my ancestors on many: r field of blood, when the victory was w on by , their strong righlL arms . and their indomitable knIightly ounrago'le And LI, thre modern heroine of a vulgar " murder raykttey," haveo as little fear, and bear myself in. quite as stately a manner, as those knights of medimuval romaneol I intentionally pass over the g!astly doe tails 6Y' the inqioest, to which .I1briefly referred some time bank. heo subsequent investigations ard , xamiuations of .witl nesses, too, mayy: vell be omitted, when I state thrit all these o'lminato iii inycom mittal to tali 'mZ j tirial for the '" murder of Lady Damorell" . ' · I don't want my story, tie true record of my lifo and tlie'pesioruato 'pain- thereobf, to read lilke rap1lio& reprt' or tir: sictoning horrorso. the ..ongoolumiis of a minurder trirr ; altough" tire mystery of " the Stole: DIamerel murder"' and the .loss; of*: those famous diamyondo seem the tuirming.pointin my life-history. Tlhey tell me'thtll,' after tiorefuneral, thir will, dated some tenl or twelve months pieo I'ioirly, was read iii tire cstle lubmany' in tire presence' of ' relatives 'a'nd ' 'frienids"Tire former wore mostly, Lrdy;Damorol's noody conouctions, whol iand gathered together fromafar liko yulbiroes around tlhedead, 'V'horo wore several ,bequests-one or two to ervrynits', nurl- theon .some' compara~tively large sunms to' members of 'Lady Daeiierol's' o0vn fft'irily' (she' hail wiftout doiubt made good use of, tire.time diring' which sh'e was tire sole iuhloritbr of Sit': ubert'Damorel's wealtlh) ;. ard,finally, ahe'loft six. tltousand, poelufds to lier cousii i'iad''privateo~ s~rotary,. 'JLopold 'Waldemnar,"' who ' romnarkod ,on: hlrraririg ol'f iis bequest, £lirtn'if need" be lie' 'would': spoend every' poeiny-of :'i -h.;lisl &tt;~mom'pt to di90ovr, nd irae0 t16 m urderer of Ihis ou nlu, . ''?t" ,';. ' "-' 'i·: :S;far . yiirJ'aieliy no irrerneroii';'roluioi 'thony'rearded'tlr hlii, t, far'op lie 'ridng I' wnu ·. onlly.robrarduil ' as tm'.tioobmpliooi* and:. it was hoped my arrest would :-lead t another. It was absurd to supple that a mere girl ehould have been able effecually to baffle and ontwit the most expert and a.eom pushed of Iiondon det-etives. The ingeni. ons theory they set up, as I fterrairds learn, is that I have a secret lover, of dis solute and extravagant habits, who corn nited the crime in amoment of desperate ned, and now h s fled the country. They trust that I shael turn "Queen's 'evidence" to save myself, and then the clue to the whole mys:erywill be rith the-maiagnifi. cently lavish rewards offBred) in their own hands. A very pretty little rrmanoce, but, unafortonately for mesieurs the detectives, only a fiction after all, and I cannot help them to wealth and fame (as they sopposel mighty by merely " confes-ing the truth." Ifeantime another element of mystery and excitement has e-tered into that which already surrounds the case, to be hereafter celebrated in the unholy annals of crime as the " St'oke-Damerel mystery." ? .inci dent so amazin?, so unexpected in itself, that for a time it entirely turns public. attention and interest from Hilda Alleyne. Certainly the plot thickens, and the case assumes a graver-more important-aspect than before. Since three days after the reading of the will Leopold Waldemar disappears, without warning from Stoke Damerel. Hie does not go away on any business, or depart by any ordinary method known to men ; but he suddenly and entirely vanishes from human ken! Apparently without even the suggestion of a motive either. For no one pretends that his disappearance has the slightest connection with the affair of the murder. It is, instead, an open ques tion whether Waldemar: hirnmself has not mysteriously fllen a victim to foul play. It is increlihle that if he desired to leave a place franght with asuch gloomy assoeiations he should not first waittoclaim thefortone that is his by right. But as things now stand, Leopold Waldemar has simply die. appeared-in tilhe broad light of day, too, leaving absolutely' not a trace behind him. H? is first missd one morning,iometime between breakast and luncheon; when his presence cban'ues to be requirled 6n a matter i of business connected with the estate. lie breakfasted as usual,' with oneor two members of his and the late Lady Damerel's family who have not yet left the castle, and lie was then observed to be in his usual health, and in better spirits than he had been since the atrfril tragedy of his cousin's death. After breakfast lie had according to custom retired to a small room -called his office in Laaly Damnerel's life-time-where he transacted his lineiness affairs and wrote most of his letters. A Captain Lyndon, who was the last person to see him, stated that his cousin Waldemar had casually observed that he had a hard day's work before him, and should be closely engaged until dinner. It was, moreover, quite certain hlie had been into his private room that morning, since a housemaid was still engaged with broom and duster when he entered, somewhat earlier than usual, and paut the damsel to flight. Some half-dozen letters bearing date of that day, and a half. finished epistle lying open upon his desk, attested that he had been at work for some little time before lie was missed. But from that hour nothing is heard or seen of him by the most vigilant of London detectives. For Leopold Waldemar van ishes from the face of the earth as completely as if lie had never had a bodily existence: `'The telegraph is set to .work, messages are flashed from station to station all over thle country. In two days copies of Walde mar's photograph are at almost every police office in England ; and'it is decided that he has-not left the country, unless indeed in thoe cleverest of disguises. Daleshire is scoured from end to end for his dea, body, the rivers have beoen dragged, and the lake examined. They have caught an enormous number, of iish, and raked up a not incon siderabloe amount, of mud ; but the biggest fish of all has not come into their nets:. This enow mystery bids fair to outdoothe first in. excitement: and interest. Ior- all research as wall as lavisl offers of reward alike are vain and hopeless. Waldemar's accounts on being` examined are found in perfect order and iebsliitely correct. His stewardship apparently i.has been a faithful one,. and lie thoroughly do served the trust his dead cousiin 'and- em ployer reposed in him. There is no paper or memorandum to in any w~'ay ;aounnt" for his absence, or to afford the? slightoest clue to his present whereabouts.- One-thing. in all this uncertainty alono: is'sure;~ and that is that Waldemar has gone;' and tihe mystery is incapable of solution by any ordinary method men can devise'; .if the detectives are still unwillingt0o acknowledge the truth of that fact, Colonel Daero has ild off ihe largeostaff of servants, and decides,-.with: !military rapidity of action,, that .tho castle shill be. clodod for a year, that is until Elinor comes. of .age and. lo gives up his trust,:- Only the' elderly housekeeper with one or two maids to assist lier in. ceeping 'the-:olosod' and darkene-d rooms aired and in order, remain in place of the old array of domestics. Be-. 'sideothe women- follc a couple bf grooms:and itir6 head coachman, who was many. years in the late. SirrHubort, Damoerl's service, a_-?lre renoved '-'from thbir own 'ifuarter's :to; comfortable lbdgings :in; the cai'stlo, 'where' they are retained as " guard of'honor,"' for: the ladies, who flatlyirefusie td'li'v~i'in seiah" 'an:nil.0moiod ?and: loly place"'~ivitlidut ,miofiijt' ijlt': protectio0'n ..i: 'W?idsb'eoh, ghostly house, from which oven men seem to he spirited away by some uiihliuiyn, in-i. hallowed power ove'inin broad?,,;? day: i' One brsght.mooulight night towards, mthle end of October, anid son?owhat mortethan 'a fortnight after Leopold 'Waldemars;disdp-s pearainie, Keaiaih, a buxom dairy maid who lhid become thoe hiouslceopor's. aide-d-camp i itn the diminished stRreingth 'of the doifmostioc staff, was returning from• Leyisor's "Foast" with her sweolthart, one of the under keepers. Trihoyweoro 'somewhat' lato, sinoe t?'? gcrat clock" in ,tlh rletables lied g " gone teii,?and "eesaili foatebd 'a rop".u+ni:i fobm loe chief, Wlowhows hnoted foz .the,liglit hand she kept oveei"thois underhliard.'r ' Whence tihe lovers decided to takeo a short etut through 'loneoly and. uni freqoented part off, Lho:daistloe gs!oniids, Imnpown its theo The· W6ildei~uea9s," a onoo.eplbnsant, iold-fahneioidi garrd"n"daild out in an antiqtuo etyl, butt now -fiocrted and overrun with rank luxuriant weeds, whilst the trees of the shrubbery have & hrisbed in unpinned freedom for many a long year, until the place is a wilderness indeed. In its decay and neglect it seems but a fitting adjunct to that portion of Steke-Damerel Castle which it immediately joinus; The Wilderness is little frequented by the inhabitants of the house, and it lies beneath the now-partially ruined and ex tremely ancient north wing of Stoke 'Damerel ; one end of which is surmounted by a still older tower, with walls of enor mous thickness-a magnificent relic still imposing, though scarcely more than its outer walls remains. Inside a stone stair case ascends almost to the battlements; but the floors of the different chambers have long been unsafe, and very few of late-years have attempted the ascent, since nothing panrticular is to be gained by it save a view. of the park and the castle grounds. No apartments in the north wing have been useed within the memory of man. The state chambers and. dwelling-rooms of the family are situated chiefly in the western front, from which that magnificent avenue of limes, which excited my admiration the first time I saw Stoke-Danmerel, runs for nearly two miles away down to the great park gates. Besides the west front there is also a south wing, but of much more recent date. In this part of the house lie the vast kitchens, servants' rooms, and other offices; beyond these again are dairies, stables, and c3ach-houses; an establishment in itself of no inconsiderable extent. Consequently now the greater pert of the immense rambling old castle is uninhabited, the old north wing with its tower is left entirely to the rats'and owls, who luxuriate in the pro found solitude thereof. Keziah was stout of heart and strong of limb, but as a matter of fact she would no more have thought of treading the lonely, darksome paths of the wilderness by herself even on the brightest of nights than she would have conceived the idea of making a pilgrimage to any of the vaults in Stoke Damerel church. With Robert Moffat by her side the case was entirely altered, and Keziah entered the -shrubbery with a lightsome heart, chatting gaily as she went, whilst the keeper's stout arm afforded her ample support. "Hark I " exclaimed the damsel, suddenly, stopping short and pressing closer to her lover's side. "What's that noise ? Oh, Rob, they do say as the north wing is haunted ! And I heard someat, surely. Let's go back, Rob, my knees tremble under me so; I declare I can't hardly stir another. step." "Nonsense, lass," returned the sturdy sweetheart, "you've heard naught except you're own tongue, and that's been agoing like the clappers of a mill ever sin' we left the ' Feast.'" "I. did bear it-a screech like," persisted Keziah. " Well,, then, it was nobut you heard but the owls-thoem's all the ghosts as lives in there, I reckon. If you was like me, Keziah, my lass, up pretty much every dark night, awaiting for poachers, and takin' your chance of being shot every mortal time, you wouldn't' worry much about ghosts, I'm tbinkin.'" "There I " shrieked the girl, now fairly terrified out'of her wits. " Now, Bob, that's no owl I " "Whew I" whistled the keeper, as he paused to - listen, his keen, practised eye keeping a careful look-out all round; whilst Keziah clung to him frantically. .. Yes, there was no mistake, the. frightened girl really had heard something' o bre than the weird cry of an owl. A strange, far-off, hollow sound-unearthly, yet resembling a human voice, issued from somewhere within those massive grey 'walls, hnd"was ilistinctly audible to listening earsin';that'still, clear night-air. 'A wailing, awful' keen;i the mere ghost of a sound, yet terrible as the Banshlee's warning cry. The lovers held their breath and listened iuntently.. As Keziah had truly said,'it was- notftho'hootiugof an owl; and, as if-to accentuate the difference in the sound. more sharply, a great:,:snowy-owl flitted past their faces at that instant, utter ing its peculiar cry, "That's' sign of' death, theoy -say," whispered Keziuah,fearfully. . "Sign Of.an old woman's tale, you mean," retorted' her sweetheart, though lii'sturdy nervoes were slightly shaken by the awesoiiie, wailing shriek,;Y a blood'.-:cuirdli'n sound whichl certainly seemed to prooeed from the castle. walls. ": .. .... " .. •" Let's run, Rob afore we hear anything worse 1 I wish .I was back in tlie .kitchen, and safe by the fireside," urgedl the ,rt`am bling, panting girl, ' "Bide, lass, hide, aud t a's;hear it"agIf'Ln" replied the experimental philosopher. IKeziah's scared eyei were 'running along .the upper windows'of the noith'wing, whilst 'her lover: was 'training his keen sight in an endeavour to;pierce the gloom' of' the "'wilderness," for he more than' halfasus pectsd the sound 'came from some wounded' dog, which' miglithavo crept thitlidr'to din ; 'orpossibly' one 6ftlieir fellow.servants who 'had witnessed their departuro had waited here in"order to .play :th'bi s'ome plraotiol "They say LadyfDamorol's spirit will never Srest till the murder's found out, not if itwalks till 'the day 6"jlisiud'ent;," iiifrm'tlioe .girl.:'" 'And if "horh:ladyship' a'.goicig to ''walk,' I'll never stay in the house I' I was 'afoersil of h'er'oaiulnh when she was alive Il Hist, Rob ! Ohis *twas her 1,1 saw. har.l:tI! r And the weird cry, more low and feeble this time, was followed .,by. a lusty soreamr? from Keziahbwho set dff at full speed qfdrg-: ging tlhe now'not nnwillingflRob afterhoer :lo: 8he could, not, :however, Ibo prevailed' ulptonto say what she had actually seen or fanoied she saw,'untillishe' was once more safe: within the:'sorvant's. hall, where the bright fire, blazing- on' the 'old fashioned dogs," tho cheerfui lights, and above all, the society ofsomeo half seooe of hIartfellow. creatures, restdo6te the terrifidd ' girl's scattered senses suffbiently tbo nableo her to rolate: what had happened whilst she was ldbooking' up? ??ptlic wihndows. :ir'¢¢'t was Itady Dameorel's ghost thoe, as plain as anything; and iftdid give me" such -a turn, she protesteid, sobbing, : :B...?yhat wasit lile, Keziab Paoll us how sheIlooked;' Was sho'eallfin whlite?"l askedr a eh olorisi' of'' awe,'r btu'! curiousVoiOGBas boe fellow sv ants s?o u udend'...?;s? a cirle " Oh, don't ask me: I never want to see her no more," returned Kezih.-. But. at length, repeated entreaties, backed up by the authoritative voice of the housekeeper, elicited theconfession, "I never see nothing but her hand-one hand white and shining like in the moonlight. She waved it once, as if she were a-beckoning us. I daren't stop to see no more then, so I took and run and here I am precious glad to be here! But Rob heard her screech as well as me." That gentleman, on being appealed to, testified to the truth of the latter statement, but with a somewhat shame-faced air, though he stontly set his face against the notion that Keziabh' had seen anything at one of the windows. He averred that she was so frightened that, if she had seenan old cow lying down in the " wilderneas," she would have sworn it was the very " moral " of Lady Damerel herself! He further stated that Keziah had most probably seen a white owl flitting past one of the windows, for plenty of them nested in the great tumble-down chimneys of the north wing. 3Moreover, he added; it wasn't likely she or anyone could swear to seeing a hand at that distance by moonlight. I suppose you think I'm romancing," said Keziah, with an aggrieved air;. "I think, my lass, you're pretty nigh frightened to death, and can't be just answerable for what you do say," returned the cautions Scot. The housekeeper listened to the girl's carious narrative in perplexed silence. She was more than half-.nclined to put implicit confidence in Keziah's statements, since, as she observed, the girl was not wont to tell lies. At the same time, she was plainly ashamed to be thought guilty of the weak ness of believing in " spirits " and appari tions. Like the French lady, " she did 'not believe in ghosts, but she was nevertheless afraid of them !" Whence the good woman compromised the matter by abruptly cutting short dis cussion, and especially the narration of similar blood-curdling and hair.stand-on end stories, with an impressive warning to "all and sundry" then present, that as they valued their places they were to be especially careful not to speak of " Keziah's fright" outside the castle walls. For, she added, if any such tales were spread abroad, disrespectful to the family and 'likely to give the castlej, bad name, she was certain Colonel Dacre would send them all packing without the slightest compunction. "He was a good, kind gentleman as ever lived, but he knew what he wanted, and he meant to be obeyed." Now, as those said " places" were (bar ring the ghost) particularly comfortable and easy ones, the warning was not without effect; and the servants with one accord promised faithfully to observe absolute silence on the subject. "Besides which," as the housekeeper shrewdly observed, "you girls will only be frightening yourselves into hysterics if you get telling ghost stories when you ought to be in bed and' sound 'asleep. : There's nothing- to hinder folks with good 'con sciences from sleeping sound. As for her ladyship, if she can't lie easy in the'family vault in Stoke.Damerel church, I take it as ;very considerate of her to content herself with haunting the 'north wing, when she might have had the pick. of the whole house. No, I consider she has acted asa lady, and yon'd.better all ,respect her fancy. Spirits are. 'ill to cross,' I've heard my grand mother say when I was a girl';' so don't let me hear .of any of you ' haunting'round the north. wing." ' The good dame's: concluding injunction was quite needless. Even the boldest of tihe maids would not have 'ventured 'within a hundre'd yards of "the slpot even iin broad daylight; while ae for the sterner sex, they shrugged' their, shoulders at '"a parcel of old. women's tales," and discreetly: kept away I Only. Robert: Moffat -went ' next morning,' and nailed up the.old gate loading from. the?iparkinto0 the shrubberyj;" just to baeO Keziah's mind.. Thuls nbothing m:ore w?as. heardor seen of " Keziah's ghost," 'and the matter gradually dropped and was forgotten, or so theihiouise keeper, said: At: last- .the: wintor .'assizes . come' on, dreaded:byr so many, 'but longed for im patiently' by:nie; who: feel: that "almost any bhiang '"wobuld now' bol welcome ifter the poriod: of::. monotonous -incarceration, trying alike to health and spirits:; : At last, too;' the :weary 'trial,; with its im posing array 'of cdunsel for -the' prosecution and. counsel,for 'the defence, comes to an ,end one.day:. .The" sea - of 'eager faces everywhere, whichever way I look, and rthe long'string of witnesses' which have been :goL together during, the interval which:: baa: :elapsed before the case could come on 'for trial (I:look in. vain. fOr?0n0 .facerSthat' of Leopold Waldemar, but Iby -and'.. by I learn the cause of his- absence)-all these eriit':striage' "sights havo grown curiously familiar to mo before the jury retire for their verdict,:and" :the priisoin?r atlite bar " is allowed to sit down during the aw'ful time of suspense;.: I +have only a. oonfused impression of 'whatb'has taken rplace after. all, as I'disc"over when I try'to "think duriving this initeival o0f: silence, I remember I tried':to` follow the pleading of my counsel, but after a very few' minutes.i gave up the attempt in despair, thiuking weiiiilY that whether I understoodl or.not it ,wasi "absolutely' ofrno consepquence: 'o mb : r' r ': ' ' At last the'. J]urytreturnst?e;Oi murmur of+ many voices is hushed in an instant, and I feElltlhat'a bireathl'essseil4ne proyails in thej . The accused is sufficient, ovidenge .," '' , ++?+? :+ ++:4++" "Qha TLnt or' someidthing: tie" l it;, ae": wi'h?rt reachid my.oars, and an unsatisfactory arcquit'tal' I coiiniider itT My cOunseol tolls me now that in his summng-uup the judge direoted ftheojury that,., with tlie? eviidenBe before' tlhem,; they would. nt be justified in hringiig -in a :verdict 'of ," guilty,;' dospite the ,e elomnolts'+otf: gi.ave- .suspicion in my I did notgive away onoe all along, and I'm dotermined I won't now, with aill thoso cruel, ourious, -yes. bent upon me, " to see how I take it,' .lI take it very coolly, indeed, and walk out of the dock' with my head well up',' asc'dalm and dignified as if I word walk ing out of the Qtioen's drawing-room. Yes, J aimv:.eiry cadljlm: till--till I soe+ my mother auldCci ool Lst.ei;.then, while I try to smile r'+ ?$; ,' I = + ;" ' J ' " r1 ' \- - - - - -- :and muirmur some little word of greeting, everything suddenly turns dark about me, and I remember no more, for nature has her way at last, though I set her at defiance so long. But I wake to eonsciousness, to find that ,mostloyal lover and true-hearted gentleman, Cecil Lester, at my side, protesting that nothing save death ever can or shall part us any more But if he is loyal and determined, I am adamant for his dear ake. Neither prayers nor protestations, " though .they rend my heart, turn me from my purpose._ I love him-oh, how truly ! and because of- that love I resolve to leave him ere it is too late. He has enlisted the sympathies of my mother and the rector of Hillcote on my side ; but Cecil. has to learn that, girl as I am, and sorely as I long to throw myself into the shelter of the loving arms extended to me, I have a mind of my own, and a resolution strong as his, whence I, am determined that if Cecil Lester will marry a disgraced woman, that woman shall, not be Hilda Alleyne. "But, Hilda, if I love that woman best of all the world, and if she is not disgraced in my eyes, only ennobled by her undeserved sufferings 2." he rejoins, eagerly. I shake my head with a sad little smile. "I could not love thee,, dear; so much, loved I not hononr more,". I quote, wijth eves brimful of tears._ ":Think, Cecil, of the name you bear, of-your. positio?. Re. member how that name has been .handed down from generation to generation without a stain upon it; and think if I could endure the thought of bringing even the shba-ow of so foul a crime as murder to blot the silver of your escutcheon. It is not merely the present you must consider, but the future also, and the welfare of your descend. ants. I am resolved and unchangeable." So at last Cecil goes sadly away. "I shall never love anothei womau," he tells me. . "' Some day, for no grief lives'-for ever, I answer, trying to smile through my re bellious tears. " And when that day comes,. I shall be glad for your sake." I feel that although my decision-breaks mv heart, it isin the main a righlteous one ::idAl I tell them all, nothing shall ever alter-it; unless indeed-unless the real. criminal be discovered, by some merciful chance I But I don't dare to' build upon that hope, which, besides, grows fainter and faiuter as tiune goes on; till at.length the " Stoke-Damerel mystery".bids fair to fall into the long cata logue of unpunished crimes. CHAPTIER Ix. I try to gain what comfort I may, by nursing Elinor back to health and strength. Elinor now made doubly dear by all I have suffered on her behalf. Colonel'Dacre proves to he the 'kindest and most indulgent of guardians. 'For oniices Sir Herbert's choice was a' happy one; l and since the colonel must shortly :return, to India, as his leave of absence has expired, he is delighted to leave his ward at Hillcote Rectory in the mater's care. We are all somewhat amused to disco'ver that Colonel Dacre was once the Rev.. Hugh Alleyine's "fag" at Etohn', iu.the pleasant long.ago ; and the old friends 'meet' and' recall their youth once more in many a talk: r My brother Hugh .is 'now 'it Oxford "readiug'for. honours," but:r we contrive to see a great deal of him, notablyduriug the "long," which.i this-year he spent entirely at Hillcote, like the best and most domestic ated of good boys. r The dear mater'is' not blind to thissudden change in Hugh, orto the causes thereof; and she is so msoh disquieted (strange 'to say) by this unwonted devotion to homne'. life.on the part of her " well-beloved' son' that she privately 'com 'municates her suspicions to.Colon?el Dacrs in a long letter, wherein 'sle bhgsfor his advice, and instructions.: .. .. 'As for the rector, a 'hundred-plots'mnight be concocted under his venerable nose, 'and he' would be none the, wiser; .bless'liiimn i:,He isabsobrbe'd in the routine' of _his;'dutya'nd .certain ." Notes, on. the Co'ifessions:'pf2 St. Augustine," which he means to publishe ome day I ;'Hence tlings-go on smoothly enough .i mydeolr old nest. ofa home, 'whliere':Elinor 'is welc'imedin'd made one of 'us for iher'ovn sake,. and notb at all as the heiress~of.Stoke Damerel . . In the Bhealthy, congenial atmosphei'e of the, iectbry Elinorrapidly recovers from her long,-danigerous illness in a way that is little. sliort of .marvellous. Indeed, ::she seems, in all respects a changed creature. Her delicate cheooks now wear the pure tints of a'wild'rose, and the sad, too.lovely eyes hivo'grown more "human" (since there is no other.' word to express the change) at last.. Whatever was the evil influence that over shadowed 'her earlier life, it seems:t~o 'have vanished no0w as mists roll up the: hill-sides iihd disappear before the morning sun. None who saw Elinor Damerel a year ago would ree0gnise her now, in the .light' hearted, merry girl, who is like another daughter amongst the rector's brood. ;i,? I see one thing however too s lainly, and like the mater, I'm disquieted thereat. I see that Hugh and Elinor love each other instinctively, unconsciously; and I scsnt :'irotible'f6r them in a not far-distant future. 'Huglh is poor and proud, henoe he can never a?sk the heiress of Stoke-Damerel to become hiis"?wife;' 'whilst Elinor, both 'proud and 'innooont,'..will not dream of the r·barrioerthtet :parts,them in spits of " true love."?, . , i,, (To to contineed.) ' LET IT. Go Clerk. of Court ;.Well, goantlemon of the jury, hav"o6 iiysigreod upon a ,vordiot ."-iForeman.: We have. Cleork :.What s?y' you 'Do you find..the prIsoner; at the bar, guilty or not guilty ? Foroimani We do. Clerk : You dol Do what? Foreman: We find tho prisoner at thlio bar guilty or not guilty. Clerk: But, geitibmon, you, must explain-. Foremann: Of oourseol You see, six of us find him 'g"ilty anud six of us find him not guilty. So we've agreed td lot it go at that. M;:en of science are not always economical. The cost to date of publishing and com piling the reports of tho Challongor expodi tion; of whiohhappily the last throe volumes will soon be issued, has already (says Truth) exceeded £200,000. SEnglish litorature is progressing in Japau. Over 85,000 English books of all classes wore imported last year, as against 40,000 in 1885. The import of American books that is to say, printed in Amoerica-increased itri 590,000 in 1885 to 110,000 in 1880,, 