THE WEAKER VESSEL." A-NOYEL. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. Author op "Joseph's Coat," "Rainbow Gold," " Aunt Rachel," &c.; Chapter XXIV. The days and the weeks went by, and winter was back again. I heard but little of the people with whom this history concerns itself. I had bidden good-bye to Pole sorrowfully aud reluct antly, and had returned to my duties in Paris, leaving him to go back to Warborough, to tend the last days of an old man who had been nearly all his life a stransrer. and rn nhandnn el,. .I..-..1 and buried hopes which lay behind him in Lon don. It is never a useful or au admirable thing to rave against the unescapable. The common sense of the proverb is final, and the last word which is to be spoken on that questiou lies in its curt jingle — what can't bo cured must be endured. Endured it ha3 to be, after ono fashion or another, and Pole took his share of the inevitable, to my thinking, like a hero. It is a common cant of opinion, as often falsi fieri as justified by fact, that the men and women who take misfortune or joy most calmly taste the bitterness of rthe one or the sweetness of the other with a fulness of suffering or pleasure un known to the more expansive and explosive sort. I have always combated this judgment, perhaps because I am myself a rather expansive kind of person, but I know that in Fule's case it would have found as strong a con firmation as a general theory cau gather from a single instance. He said nothing, and ho felt the more. Von Is would have eaied him if he could have brought himself to peak, but he was one of those who have to break before they can bend, and any revelation of his own feelings would have been too terrible. He wrote mo now and again, simuly and briefly, and his letters made no allusions to the past. Thoy spoke of Lord "Warborough 's fading health oftencr than of anything. I never knew, as a matter of actual fact, but I was fairly certain that Pole hnd told him of the plot his wife had laid. I daresay the discomfort of this know ledge weighed considerably upon the old mnn's enfeebled spirits. These letters of Pole's, with their monotonous news'of a monotonous life, wore infinitely mournful to me, and Clara's com munications by-anil-bye became, for various reasons, almost as disquieting. One lies before me now, the foreign letter paper discolored at the folds and edges, and the ink grey with old age. I transcribe a port of it here, premising that it reached it within a day or two after my parting with Pole aud my return to Paris. "The whole household," Clara wrote, "has been so unhappy for tho last few days that I really have been uuable to 'find the heart to write to you. Mr. Deiamcte himself is miserablo enough, but for him I can only have a very modified. sort .of pity. It is only natural to suppose that he feels a great deal disappointed, but hohns dealt 'in nothing but table eloquence alibis life,. and anything whioU brings him n ucw subject for it seoms to be welcone, more or less." I am sick of variations on the Vanity of Human Wisltos, played in tho major koy, played in the minor key, played with both hands, played with one hand tied up behind him. The man is exasperating beyond en durance, and he treats his daughcr's nerves— I say nothing of mine, because thoy don't matter, and he has no great reason to consider thorn— as if thoy were an instrument constructed for no other earthly purpose than to show what tunes he can play upon them. I have broken out once about it to Mary, literally because I could not help it, and hare pained her so much, poor thing, that I spent a whole night in orying, and am a horrid, red-eyed spectre at this moment, with. a swollen nose. If he were anybody but Mary's father I should say something to him which would shake him out of his hateful self- complacency for a day or two. " I suppose you know that Mr. Pole wrote a letter relating your strange discovery in Paris to Mr. Delarnere. It came whilst we were at breakfast table, and all in the highest spirits. "Wo had been out late the night before, aud wero late at breakfast, tho letter coming by tho second post. Sir. Delamcre's reception of it was really and seriously tragic, and if ho had not talked my sympathies to sleep sinco then, and talked every liorvo of our minds into absolute ' rawness, I .-Irould have still been sorry or liira. As it is, I should have loft tho house but for Mary. The thing that weighs upon her mind ' Pal dished l>y special arrangements with tin ..h i. All rights reserved. most of all is the silly fancy that it is sinful in her to think of Mr. Pole now that she knows that his wife is still alive, as if it were her fault that that wicked and aliominable plot was made, or as if one could turn the whole current of one's thoughts in an hour. Sho docs not say much, even to me, but sho suffers dreadfully. She has quite lost the sense of taste, and I have read of that some where as being a sign of mental suffering, or, at least, as going with it very often, espe cially in girls. I don't know why girls espe cially should be made to suffer as they are, but they really do seem to get the worst of it. "Mr. Pole had given her a number of beautiful presents, and one of the first things she did after the news was to pack them all up together to send back to him. Mr. Delamere dropped the letter on the table when he had read it, and blurted out the truth at onoe, though one of tho servants was in the room. Mary went as white as a ghost, but she Baid nothing at all, and when she wont up to her own room I had to help her. If she had cried cur given way at all I should. have liked it better, but she was so stony about it tlmt bIig really frightened me. She began in a while to creep about the room and gather the presents into a little heap. "I have had to stop writing, for it has made me cry to think about it. I have been crying, off and on, for days past, and now anything sets me going. Then sometimes at the silliest thing in the world, I giggle until I cry again for very shame at my own cruelty and heartlcssncss. But I don't want to write about Me, and Me gets into everything, though I do try every hour to bo more like Mary. She is a downright angel. She never thinks of herself, or talks of herself at all. AU her thought and care is to cave other people from sorrow and trouble, whilst, as for me — but there is Mc again. I would tear up this sheet and begin a new one, only that would be a sort of hypocrisy. I shall leave it so that you may see what I really am. I don't want to stem better than I am, but I want, oh I do want, to be better. I wouldn't tell anybody else these things for the world, because they seem too sacred to bo talked about. But she kissed the bracelets and the rings, and tho little watch lie gave her — she kissed everything as she put it down on the dressing table, and every time she gave a pitiful little moan as if her heart were breaking. And all the while she never shed one tear. It was really awful to look at her, and I had not the courage to speak a word. I don't believe she knew that I was there. 44 You won't think mo flippant or unfeeling for writing these things to you, darling. They seem to bo tho measure of something I feel inside mvsolf, and that, I tliiuk, is the real reason why I write them." I know that at the time I read ft great deal into this simple narrative which no other reader could have found there, and I know that, after this lapse of years I still read into it tho know ledge of the generous, tender, loyal little crea ture who penned the lines. I am not in the least ashamed to own that I cried in reading the lines my sweetheart hRd cried over in wait ing. As for poor old Pole, my heart used pretty constantly to ache about him in those days. I have givon up forming lofty estimates of new acquaintances on insufficient provoca tion, but I am glad to have had a friend in youth whom I could scarcely find a fluw in. It is a good thing for a lnd to have n human idol if lie choose a strong and honest nature for his worship, and though I am writing of myself I have no fear in proclaiming that this 6ame youthful faculty for hero-worship is as good and gracious a swn in a young fellow as any I know bow to look tor. Things went 011 in a dull and uneventful way for some months, until, as I have said already, 6he winter was round upon us in its course once more. I got then another letter from Clara, which brought strange news indeed. If was in searching for this that I lighted upon the one X have just transcribed. The first sentence of this new letter struck me like a blow. The very place from which it was dated had an unfami liar look to mc : — "Grantley Holme, Chcflhire. "My Dear John, — The Delamere household has broken up, after tho strangest and most unexpected scenes, and mamnm has taken mo -to the house of my uncle, Major Grantley. You have often heard mo speak of him. For quite a month it was evident that there was something in the air. I was unablo to guess its meaning, but I saw it and felt it constantly. First of all there was some trouble between Mr. Delamere and Mary. 8he had resolved to join a sister hood belonging to the Church of St. Mildred. She often spoke to mc about it, and I thought it 011 many grounds a very excellent idea. It is one of those common sense, good sisterhoods where the sisters devote themselves simply to nursing the sick poor, and generally helping the poor to be good and lioppy. Sho spoke about her wish to Mr. Delamere, but he made udi eyebrows over it, and became bo very wordy about tho Degradation of the Social Ideal by Contact with Common Things, that she relinquished lior own ideal at once, as sho always did, if that grand Sultan did iiot immediately and entirely ap prove of it. I am sure the work would have done lior good, and would have given her an ob ject in life. I believe tho great Turk's main objection was to the costume, though I am sure that Mary would 100k perfection in it, and tho wliite, though it would be a shame to hide such beautiful hair as hers, would put a littlo color into her pale complexion, by contrast. To hear Mr. Delamere talk about art and costume, you would think that at least he would have been able to understand that. I am nof trivial, as you think I am. I am only showing you what a hollow mockery Mr. Delamere is, even where he is supposed to know something. " Mary gave up the idea, and instead of going out and getting new interests in life, and glad dening the hearts of the poor, and doing good to hundreds with her sweet ways, she had to stop and mope at home under the ceaseless cata ract of lesthetic and philosophical chatter from tho Turk. Oh, I am glad to be away from it, and to know that Mary is away from it. " But I have something more serious than all this to write about. The servants grew actually impertinent, niul once when Mr. Delamere ordered the cook upstairs to complain of some thing in his majestic way, the woman jeered at him quite ojxnilv, I expected tho diningroom floor to open aim let her down into the base ment, hut it did notlnug of tho kind Mr. Delamere at onco gave her & month's notice, and the cook said, 4 Give mo my money for the last six months and I'll go this instant minute." 4 4 You shall have a cheque at once," said Mr. Delamere, but tho cook snapped her fingers at him, and put her bunds upon her hips. I had no idea that she could bo so impolite and vulgar, for I had always thought her a rather superior woman for her station. 44 4 You'd better send it to the bank and have It cashed first,' she said. 4 1 dou't want a 2 mile walk through the mud for nothink.' 44 Mr. Delamere ordered her from the room, and she went awny, declaring tlmt sho would have her money or lier money's worth beforo the loft the house, even if sho had to take it out , of him. I suppose she meant to say that she would rob him. I "Mr. Jones was present at this dreadful ex- 1 posure, and would you believe it, ho has not once been near the house since then. _ I am very glad to learn from mamma that it was arranged between herself and Mr. Delamere all along that my maintenance should be paid for. She says that tho arrangement was on a very liberal scale, and as mamma is not stingy in such matters, I vavo the satisfaction of know ing that I was a help rather than a burden to the household in that respect. "Very soon after this I began to secadreadful rann about tho house, and I did not at all under stand who he could be. I think he lived down stairs, but he was very often in tho hall, looking strangely suspicious, as if ho thought tlmt I had something about mo that did not belong to me. He called Mr. Delamere 4 Governor' and at first I thought ho might bo a hiunbl oraember of tho Moral Tone Association. Mamma, however, says that ho must have been a bailiff — and a bailiff is an officer of tho law, though I am sure he did not look like ouo. I always thought that his clothes lookod as if they must have been drowned at one timo in thoir history, his hat and boots particularly. The servants wero moro impertinent and inat tentive than ever during this man's prosoncc in the house, and Sir. Delamere was so depressed that he did not ovcu lecture. Mary was unwell at the timo the man came, and did not see him until the morning he went away. " Sir. Delamere spent evory hour of tho day, except from dinner- tirao onwards, out of tho houso, and spoko in the morning very hopefully of haviug business in tho city. He camo home at night much downcast, and sat o long while alone in the dining room nftor dinner, 44 "\Vlien Mary recovered from lior cold and camo down stairs I was with her, and sho saw the man in the hall. She asked him what lie wanted, and tho man Beemed abashed, and scraped his feet on the oilcloth. Mr. Delamere came out of tho diningroom and told him that he had better go down stairs. Mary was frightened, and I am quite sure that sho under stood the meaning of the man's presence. Up to this timo I did not. But when I saw her so alarmed it unhinged my own nerves a littlo. After breakfast, which passed off very ailontly and sadly, Mr. Delamere Baid that he wishod to speak to Mary alone. I went into the library and stayed there, reading all tho morning. Mr. Delamere went out, and shortly afterwards the postman came. The parlor maid came into the library without knooking and throw a letter on to the table so unooxemo- niously that it skimmed right over the smooth leather and fell on the side I was sitting, at my feet. The girl bounced out and slammed tho door behind her, making a sort of defiant inar ticulate noise as sho wont. I should describe it as a Bnort. You can have no conception of tho extreme discourtesy of all the servants at this time. 44 Well, I picked up the letter, and in doing that it turned out that I was the innocent cause of all the unpleasantness which followed. Iam quite certain now that if I had known what was going t-o happen I should have been justified in doiug what I really did in ignorance, and I think that when you come to know everything you will applaud Mary's conduct as highly as I do. I saw at once that the letter came from Mr. Pole. Nobody who has ever soon that pike-and- sabrc band writing of his, with thoso dogged- looking crosses to the t's, could ever mistake it for anyone else's. It was addressed to Mr. Delamere from Warborough Court, for I saw tho seal and tho postmark. I went back to my reading and tried to think no more about it, though I wondered very much what it con tained. When Mr. Delamere camo home again only an hour later, he looked really wretched, and, in spite of my dislike, I could not help feeling sorry for him. I showed him the letter, and at tho night of it his faco changed in a startling waj\ He was ho agitated that he could scarcely open the envelope. Ho weut to the window to read tho letter and came back radiant. I nover saw bo great and rapid a change m a face. He ran out of the room and down the hall, and in a second or two I hoard the hall door open and close noisily behind hiui. " Then came ray real indiscretion. I am as glad of it as I should be if 1 had known every thing. In fact I am a great deal more glad, for I am almost certain that I should not have had the courage to do my duty. I ran upstairs to Mary, and I hugged and kissed her, and danced about her like a mad thing, until sho insisted on knowing what had changed rac so. Then I told lier what had happened, and you may guess my surprise when buc took it all gravely and solemnly, and seemed even to bo made more Bad and thoughtful by it. We had luncheon by ourselves, or rather we sat down to it, for I don't think anything was oaten, and, an hour later, Mr. Delamere camo in, smiling all over, and as majestically condescending as ever. For quite a long time he had fallen from his old magnifi cent manner, and had been going about as if somebody had suddenly convinced him that ho was an ordinary person. His clothes seemed to have changed. I can hardly describe to you the difference there was in him. Ho had not boon in the house five minutes when the humble member of the Moral Tone Association wont away by the area steps. Mamma conjectures that ho was dismissed, mid. Shortly after wards Mr. Delnmoro helu a conclave with the servants, who were all beautifully admonished, and also paid. 14 While this was going on in the library Mary and I were in the diningroom. Sho was more agitated than I had ever Been her during the whole of lier troubles, and once or twice she clutched me nervously, and I could feel that sho was trembling all over. I did not understand what was going on in the next room until later, but Mary evidently understood it all. About five minutes after the servants lmd gone down she got up trembling, and went out of the room. I could hear her voice and Mr. Delamero'H, and I could tell tlmt he was angry. That mellow voice of his can grow very sharp and sour, < seems, and ho soared into as high a treble as an angry woman's. 44 1 sat in the diningroom, and felt moro and more uncomfortable whilst he scolded ; and I grew so ftugry at the tone ho took, though I could not hear the words, that I was actually fighting against a temptation to go in between them, when Mary came into the diningroom, and her father followed her. Hia face was red with angor, and ho was puffing from having talked so much and bo rapidly. I think that of tho two Mary was the more angry, niul she looked at her father when lie spoke with an expression which surprised me, it was so full of scorn. He wentstriding up and down the room, stopping every now and again in a jerky and undignified way to tell her that she was ungrate ful, or that he stood amazed. You know his phrtfso ; he always 4 stands amazed' whenpeoplo differ from him in opinion. He has been stand ing amazed more or less ever since I linve known him. But ho was too angry to be smooth and lordly about it, as be generally is. 44 At Inst ho said, growing more and more angry because she would not answer him, 4 And you pretend to felt humiliated ? You ? I accepted tho humiliation for your sake. Do you suppose it cost me nothing to subdue my pride and ask a favor at this man's hands V Mery had taken up a newspaper which lay upon the table, and was making a pretence to read it, 1 when Mr. Delamere actually snatched it from her hand?. 4 Listen to me,' he said J 4 1 will not | endure these airs of disrespect,' Mary looked at him, and said qnit-o quietly that there was nothing moro to speak of between tbcm, and that they did not understand caoh other. Then she loft the room, and he positively made a dash at the door to stop her. But I Btood between them, and he stood so very much amazed to see mo assert myself in that way that lie stopped stock still and allowed her to go. _ 44 Of course I understood everything by this time. Mr. Delamere had been borrowing money from Mr. Polo. Can you imagine anything liko it under the circumstances ? 44 And now. I havo told you overything except the olose of tho whole business, and that, I; think, I told you at tho beginning of my letter. Mary sent for me, and told mo that site was compelled to leavo homo. She said nothing about tho cause, and of course, knowing what I did, I could not venture t-o ask her any ques tions. She asked me to wire to mamma at once. I did so, and mamma came up to town next morning in a statu of great astonishment, and took mo away. Sho begged Mary to accom pany us, but it was of no use to try to persuade her. She said she had plans of her own. What they are I do not know, but she has a little for- tuno of her own, which belonged to lier mother, and brings her in not more than £100 a year, poor thing. I am certain that out of this sho moans to pay back to Sir. Polo tho money her father borrowed from him. Then I think she will join tho sisterhood, but that will be a very different affair for her now, especially if Mr. Pole's loan was a large one, and she has to im poverish herself to pay it. 44 1 have told mamma what I am going to write down now. Sho says it is a most in delicate and unladylike proposition for a girl to make, and that I have no right to allude to such things. But if other people care to bo so exquisite about their own delicacy, when tlioy can do good by sacrificing a little of it, I don't . Tho proposition, my dear John, is this. You are to work your very best and hardest, and to got as soon as possible into n position to make a ome of your own. Then 1 supposo you will marry a certain undeserving young person whom you profess t-o bo very, very much attached to ; that young person will havo her own money, ami bo quite rioh when she Is married, and she and you will mako tho darlingest and best girl in the world oomo and live with U9. That doesn't sound quite grammatical, but I think it says what I mean. The Grand Turk may think what he pleases, and may shower his cataracts of drizzle on anybody he can find. Think of Mary Delamere, of all girls in the world, living on bread bought with borrowed money, and that money belonging to Mr. Polo !" Then camo certain lines which concern myself alono, and then, in a hastily written postscript, followed this : — 44 1 was on tho point of sending this to the post when mamma came in with the news of poor old Lord Warborough4 death. She had found it in the Titncs, where there was a short article about his career. "We had all looked at tho papor, and none of us had noticed it until then. So now Sir. Tole is Lord "Warborough, and a millionaire, and the owner of I don't know how many thousands of acres. Poor young man ! I am afraid that neither his title nor his millions will make him very happy. " 