' SYDNEY STJtEET MEN Dib AR TS. Sydney .street vagrants, old . and young, halo, and nfniotcd, can never bo too thankful for the privilege they possess in being enabled to pursue-their lucrative vocation under tho 81th Southern parallel, instead of baying to face the long, bleak wintere , in tho neigh- bourhood of the Northern fifties. Of whatever age, therefore, and howevor gifted with bodily malforma- tions tho persons may bo who think of devoting their talents to the cadging calling, the first essential is to get as near, tho Equator as' possible, compatible of course, with comfort, and with tho in- ducements offered for establishing a prosperous busi- ness. It would be obviously injudicious, for instance, to start iii tho vicinity of the ' equinoctial line, where that, great circle traverses tho valley of tho Amazon, bisects tho Viotoria ' Nyanza, trends through Sumatra and Borneo, or just misses the northern pro- tuberance of Papua. As the proper inhabitants of those countries aro themselves tramps of no mean order, and naturally losont. competition with strangers,' it would bo folly for oven tho most crumpled European to open a branch there and hope to prosper. Othor things, how- evor, being equal or nearly so, it is much, pleasanter to adopt-a street life in Mexico, Spain, or New South Wales than in the British Islands or Canada. To bo serious, begging anywhere is a mistake ; but begging in high latitudos, when the snow lies deep for months, and tho pitiless winds moan through tho' cheerleäs streets is a blunder of the first magnitude. So it is, the Sydney solicitors, whose chiof walka in life'aro tho side-walks, should never forgot the. privileges they possess over their brethren in London, Glasgow, Dub- lin, or Quebec. Those who, like Mr. Freude, say or hint that poverty and hunger aro unknown in the Now South Walos metropolis must necessarily found their opinion on in- sufficient information. What can bo said with perfect truth is that, in proportion to population, fewer persons go hungry to bod in Sydney thon in any city between the polar circles. Still, it would be idle to dony the fact that there exists a class of professional mendicants, and, furthor, that the class- particularly in the juve- nile ranks-appears to be on tho increase. , Most of tho street professionals of mature ago are physically afflicted. Some are blind, others lame, while a few, by reason of a combination of ailments, aro rendered in- capable of earning a living oxcept by tho. gruesome method of publio mendicancy. Bearing in mind then that in Sydnoy, as in all other cities, there exists a fair number of unfortunates who, through no fault of their own, aro so heavily handicapped in tho race of life as to be forced into tho begging line, it is as well to roniomber that around this unlucky pl&ss; is being crystallised a. body of sturdy boggars whoso chiof claims on pity are the possession of a deop-scatod dislike to work, combinod with an. abnor- mal appotite. Take a solution of . ono of tho metallic salts-sulphate of copper (common blue- stone) for instance. It will keep clear and unprccipi I tated so long as no foreign substance is introduced. j But by dropping certain substances into tho liquid you will by and-bye observe that small crystals of tho salt form round the étrangers and bang to them. Before tho arrivBlof the strange subs'tance^tne 'dissolved atoms and moloonles were quito content to move about anc perform any offico' assigned them.Having,'.'however observed, how-comfortably the new: comer enjoyed ex istence at the bottom of tho bottle, they also do cided on taking things easily; and so solidified arounç iV - It is" ''much . tho ' same "with méndi 'caney. ' "When- some of ;;the: ? indolent' humoi 'atoms which are. to be found in every society obsery< how well certain persons,thrive by' simply,standing a "a busy street corner and holding out'' their hands, thi temptation to imitato them becomos irresistible, i -Fron .this it would appear as if the custom of allowing anj person, however distorted or twisted, tp stand daily n a doorway and solicit alms eithor noisily, or silently ii a mistake. The custom. pf allowing suclv solicitatioi to.exist arises^ no doubt,' from .tho kindliest impulses pi the part of the public and of tho police, authorities. I is a bard thing to find fault with, a person for.askint 'to be fed ! when he is hungry ;- it ^is'..' doubl] hard,, ,and in a measure cruel, -)to) condemn om who,' in addition,to being in want,., is alsoi J physically incapacitated from supplying that want But when .thi evils, both immediate and collateral, whichiresult frorr tolerating publio mendicancy are remembere d, tho' con viction arises that it would be far better"' for -.thei com munity to give a liberal pension,,to every , poor.. crjppli in tho.land than suffer the continuance ¡of the crystal lising process or, in other words, the .formation: of i largo body of undeserving loaferdora ' round tho smal nucleus of deserving affliction.: :;.,...'-.. . That such a'body is in process1 of formation is ob vibus tb anyone who : walks - the* stroets with'- his eye¡ open. In one of . Marryatt's rollicking novels-Uar lyle! hy tho woy, must' haye' had "an 'especially sevort attack of indigestion on hand when he described tliosi works as " ghostly"-tho hero:, is:; somewhat, taker aback at observing the woodon:legged sea,dog whom h< had just succoured- with a' small' coin'careering rapidlj from, an approaching', constable, tho timber extremity snugly,tuckod undor tho;maimod,one's aim It would be unsafe to assert positively that any Sydney .mendi cant: "travels" ;on'ia .simulated,' limb, '? i But thal some of the. . more expert ones obtain charitable relief through thoy instrumentality of "'withered arms which, an. acrobat 'might'.'privy .and sightless eyes which'wóuld be ar fortune to a chamois huntei thérp.is .oñlyitoo goód rpason ¡to surmise.' -,It. is - not. t little disconcerting,to notice .-the active- manner in which the much-spectacled blind - person; in whose open palm you had placed sixpence during the forenoon, avoids^an approaching'bicycle towards- the-^evening. ? Tho infer- ence, it .is to be: feared, cannot, bp.ignored- either th« loss of this one sense has put an 'unnaturally sharp edge on the four remaining, or else the goggles are of an unusually.serviceable kind.': It is told bf ono whe in a far-off land accumulated a snug competence through his supposed! inability to see, and who was accompanied in his daily labours by an unmistakeably short-sighted dog, from-whosé; neck depended' "pity the blind" in block letters,-, that on being-accused of,-possessing an unusually clear vision,-his frank and immediate roplj was, " It's the dog that's blinds" . Thus it happens that when - once tbe ';syatem is tolerated-of permitting the afflicted to petition in .public'-abuses will inevitably grow ,till at last' the charitably 'disposed awake to th« conviction that-for one really necessitous person relieved, a dozen vagabonds -have been given-a helping hand towards ignoble independence. To be robbed by vio- lence is bad ; to lose'money through a hole; in one's purse or pocket is worse ; ' but to learn that the'pbrson on whom you, have lavished your sympathy and coins ia a charlatan who laughs at your folly, is. worst, bf all. ' -In many British communities,-New South -Walpa among the number, there has grown up the'1,custom bf raising a ¿nm pf money, for'those'whom'misfórtiino, h as overtaken, and' then turning 'them adrift,"'having" first expended all or most of the amount in purchasing Epme musical instrument for thom' to' practiee'ás'a- means of livelihood. The description of instrument depends on the amount collected. If tho sum is large a barrel-organ is in due course placed in the unfortunate's hamb 'and he is launched against society1 witb a'hearty'Gbd-flpped, ) If small, an accordéon, a fiddle, pr,"'in "extremo'caáée, a flute, is placed at his disposal, and he is invited to re- move to some .distant locality f or praotice. Once, it is said, a Parramatta man, ; unlucky ; enough - to lose his feet in a brick-kiln, was supplied'with 'a bassoon,"but ilia statement has. never; been properly ? authenticated. Then there was an idle. story, thata.StoweU'. (Victottó)' pprson.had been provided with a trombone and. told that his future depended on it; but, :liko the'preceding, the tale is probably apochryphal, if-for';nd other: reason than " because" an outrage -would nb 'doubt ' have occurred in tho first . hamlet 'chosen' for a Bolo, and thoro would have 'been an; 'instrumentalist the less, in the world. " Tho endeavour to.)troco these clearly vindictive ; rumours ¿to ; their ; source 'would '. be useless and unprofitable now. Lot it: su (Boo to say that in: New South Wales, when- it- was ? found: necessary to provide a means of living for an unlucky fellow who, in a cross-cut, had inadvertently pasted, hiscandlo over an uncovered powder can, br prematurely looked into a hole to observe the'charge cpmo fout,; the me'anä usually took tho shape of a hurdy-gurdy; This, no doubt, is tho reason why,.in the city of.Sydney and its environs, so many incomplete people are to-be seen .energetically turning handles. This instrument has much to recommend it-to the performer. '' There is no dreary apprenticeship of. scales1 . aiid ' exercises,'of exasperating double-tongueing and'irritating variations, td be gone through., lt .is only.requisite, to secure a firm grip of the handle and twist it uncompromisingly in one direction. In a word,. it is an« instrument peculiarly fitted for tho blind. ; Should tho performer happen to be deaf as well, his success is secure. I have found it necessary to dwell at eoine length upon this theme, because there is a daily-growing assurance among those whose pursuits necessitate constant dalliance ia the streets that the cheap organ purchased by tho charitable for the afflicted is being driven into the suburbs, and oven into thé country, by moro elabo- rate instruments presided over by men who.'so far from being mendicants, are astute tradesmen anxious to invest their earnings in tho most profitable scheme. It is not so long since tho very sound of a street organ was an assurance that tho person- guiding it was want- ing in one or more senses or limbs, and that the melo- dies located on its cylinder were of a, homely, and, indeed, Bemi-religious character, such as "Annie Laurie," "Mother, I've come homo to die," or ".We'll meet on the Golden Shore.'' Now, ? however, ? such appears to have been the competition in this lino, tho artist is frequently a foreigner, 'always able-bodied, while the air's are much .'more pretentious. ' " Willie, I have missed you," in fact, has been driven out of. the' market by tho '"Marseillaise,"-' while the poor " Prairie Flower " has succumbed to tho superior attractions of'" Homo to Our Moun- tains." ' As if tbis was not enough, tho now mon who have pushed the poor mendicants into'tho country adopt various means for rendering their performances attractive. Knowing that tho Australian publio are wedded to realkm both in music and in art-the dramatia pieces, for instance that raakis the ghost gallop whilo French gems aro greeted with empty benches, owe . much of their success to an occa- sional tank of real water and a man : to flop into it - they próvido moving panoramas, indus- trious automata, and, in a few coses, obedient monkeys to fall back upon and keep the interest from flagging. One panorama in particular unwinds as tho molody advances. Tho instrument to which it is attached is of foreign make, and revels in alien airs ; but the observant person who controls tt& barrel has taken care that the pictures', at all events, would not be antagonistic to the prejudices of a British community. There are to be eeen''determined looking, rei-coated men storming batteries and surging towards citadels, as if lifo without cannons to epike and counterscarps to scamper over was a poor affair. Then there aro monkeys who have forsaken thoir African, Asiatic, or South American homos to doff their caps at the " Emperor's Hymn," and swagger aggressively when a new arrangement of the cylinder and a fresh turn of handle are followed by the first defiant blare of the marvellous Marseillaise. But tho man with tho automata on top is after, all tho real artist With a keen eye to business he adapts his figures to tho .times-arranges them so as to elucidate or illustrate the leading questions occupy- ing tho public mind. Some months ago, for example, the intelligent- looking wooden puppets above tho,key- board gave evidence of a sincere desiro to represent tho sad resulta of a' colliery explosion. A short , timo subscquontly-^partly through n frosh arrangement of the wires, and partly, no doubt to a fresh coat of paint over their expressive countenances-they attraoted:. attention, by their creditable efforts to portray an American- revivalist moot- ing. ' To-dayi " owing' to a,' novel' "disposition bf tho controlling strings and a little attention to the eyes and back'hair they do ddty as a nhmber of ' appareritly in- dustrious Chirieso...being , very properly/ assaulted bj dummy Australians for presuming to work. Thus this 'ingenious musician manages to please his patrons and fill his pockets. - Years ago in:an island over so fai away I remember to have heard a''street ballad-singei engaged in voicing lays .Of a fiercely religions tenor. They .we're peculiarly acceptable to toe" hearers too, sc that when the vocalist mado , for a'?? noigbonrinq thoroughfare somo onlookers warned.him of tho probable result by suggesting "Don't'go there-tbo're all Pro- testants in that street"/"I've got'diflerent songs foi thom," replied the scoundrel, with unseemly levity, as ho steered for tho enemy's stronghold, with stanzas immortalising tho glories ? of Derry and tho Boyne. Should a chango occur to- morrow in Sydney public sentiment regarding, tho Chinese, there is little doubt ,that tho persecuted Confucian figures on thia far-seeing organ- grinder's instrument would undergo a metamor- phosis to suit tho times. '?".?? In connection with street vagabondism, however, by for the most deplorablo fact ia tho undoubted growth of mendicancy among .the young. No ono whose dutiestlie out of doors, and who is ordinarily obser- vant, can have failed to notico this. In the middle of llácquarie-streot a girl of 10, with her hair in curl- papers, stopped trundling a 2s. hoop a few days ago to ,ask mo for a penny; as her little sister was lying sick at home. In King, George, and Pitt streets, boys from . 8 to 12 years old. will frequently stop passers-by to beg coppers. It seems stony-hearted to refuse-churlish to mention the subject at all.. But-como closer, you' good, eharitiblo ' souls ' who (may you i havo a pleasant corner" in the hereafter foi? it) tako a pleasure' Tin'.'making young, hearts, happy, in lightening as far as possible the inevitable troubles 'which, sooner or later, all'aro forced to meet whoso .lives aro destined to be prolonged from childhood to maturity./ Is indiscriminate giviug.in a country like .thia real charity after all?' ,"A few days ago I saw a ; lady come from a King-street restaurant , and slip a couple of coppers into the hand of a sturdy bore-footed lad at the'door. The boy wa's about 10. Consider what he will be at; 15 .'or 20,, when '.self-respect is, entirely gone, and the world appears to him as a hugo aims-house I In .some', old ,horn-books which many middle-aged colonists .-.whose', early; years were .spent under northern skies may remember, there is a'little moral Etory told of how a low thief: at' Ty burn begged permission to whisper.his motherl and ended the tSte-â, tile hy biting the old lady's ear off Had she done her -duty he would not be at Tyburn-not, '? at any rate, 03 tho leading character in 1 the ghastly scene about to be enacted. Similar in''some respects is the motherly, action of New South Wales towards her poor waifs. Through an entirely mistaken view.of what constitutes real.charity, she noglects her duty to them. Imagine a lad of 15 who has been -begging promiscuously since 10\. ' ' What is he'ever likely to bo good for oxcept a cell ? ' A few yearson board tho Vernon, and his entire futuro would bo changed. ; ' »Upon, my honour,, now. I've had time to think the matter over, I begin- to understand that when Bishop Barry'said ho never gave charity in the street (assum .ing. he ever said it), his statement should havo'been received wi th'acclamation by all.'who wish to leave the world'better than they found it/.- ?'.', /. 