THE' DEATH 6'F Bui BUCHdh. I (rsraao sanot Bss rarixon.) After the evense though which the map of Europe was oompletely altered in 1815 tbh Prussian Field-Marshal Blooher, the easouny of Wellington a Waterloo, and whom nobody liked because of his rudenesa and brutality, was put' on the retired list. Disheastened by his iemoval, and, reduced to inaction and obscnity, he left Berlin and went to reside in his catle situated i.Pome: rania. Soon he tell into a deep melancholy, rendered more intense by dropsy anOinfiama1 tbon of the cheat. A strange change in hie character took place. That roughsoldier became timid, even poltroon. He would not remain alone in the darkness, solitude threw, him into singular anguish. His state of health was reported to the king, who. esteemed and loved him a great' deal.. The moharch having heard that at aeeeral timue' the marshal had expressed the wish of seeing him once more before he died,'resolved to'visit him. Leaving Berlin in the morning, the King of Pruetsia arrived in Krleblowitz earlyin the evening. Immediately he was conducted to Blucher's room. The nick man, aged seventy. four years, was reclining on a sofa placed before a large chimney, in which enormous loge of wood were burning. Their flames illuminated the room and cast mobile and red reflections -on- the-featurdii of-tiefojld'izian wrapped up in bearskin.: At'the entrance of his sovereign in his apartment, Blachierried to rise out of respect for. his angust 'visitor, who prevented him from doing so. Tbeking took ia chair and sat by the aide of the marshal. . Blucher- ats ones said he wished tobe left alone with his master. When evelyove had left the room,' hesaid : ' "Sire, I have_. humbly.. -reqheited. yonr ajestyr to come.bere in tibis castle.of Krieblowifz;' ratber'than.' not~ see. you' I i.ould have gone to Bedtii my;ao aSthough I am dying. -I-have asecret'to confide to roar Majesty, a terrible one. Will my king allow uetospesk " : ' '. " Certainly, my dear.marshal. " : Before listening to my narrative, sire, look at me well. Assure yourself that I am in the full posseeslon of' my senses, and that I am not a lunatic. Sometimes I believe I am on the verge of iensanity; and I doubt if Iam not taking yesterday's viseona. foria remembrance of days gone by. IBut no," added he, drawing a goldbracelet from his pocket, " no, all is true, all is real, and I know what I am saying," "Listen to me your Majesty. "When, in 1I56, the Seven Years' War began, my father, who inhabited his castle of Gross Renrow, sent me to the mr..,r of our' relatives,"situated"' li RHoghi leland, After a .while the Russian Governinent offered me the grade of ornmet in the Black Hussare Regiment.' I accepted of a furlough to afford me the opportauity 'of paying a visit to my family, that I hadnot seen for m. sths. A leave of absence wsa'grasted to me. "On my way to Gross Ren?ow I fonerl all that part 'of Medklenbirg' horribly :??veas tated. Arriving" abdub four miles roam home, I became aware 'that my carriage could not ascend 'the iew steepy road con. d?oting to the house of my ancestor-. I abandoned' it, and pureed 'my journey on horseback, followed by one of my servat ts. " It was fifty.nine years ago this very d'ay, the 12th' Ananst, and' at the'hour indicated now by this antique olock-half.past 11. A dreadful tempest shook the trees, the fdlahes of lightning blinded me and the reports of thunder deafened me ; the rain was pouring. After gallopibg quite a while in the forest I arrived before the'ceesle alone;' myservant had lost his way through the inclemency of the we.ither. "Witbhout dismounting I knocked' at the's door with my whip. ' Nobody answered my call, that I repeated three times 'without being answered, Out of patience, I alighted from my horse, ascended the stoop and entered the castle. No light, no noiee any. where. I avow that my heart went ro mr throat, and a chill crept through my body. " What foolisahness I thought I ; the castle is deserted ; my family has gone to the city. No matter, as I am here, I must arrange myself as well as possible. '"And I crossed a hail and went to my father's room. A fire half extinguished was smoking in the chimney ; by its faint light I saw 'my father, my mother,' and my four sistere seated around the fireplace; thies rose when they perceived me. ~', ran to kiss my father; he stopped me with a gesture : Iex tended my arms to my mother'; 'she fell back with asad motion of the head. I called my sisters, each separately; they took each other by the hand •without answering me. Then the whole of 'them returned to their seats. " ' Do not you know me any more' ex. claimed I. 'Is it like this a family ought to receive a son and a brother ? Have you already heard of my entrance in the Russian service! I could not refuse. Remember that the first thing I do is to come and inform you of my action What I my father, you do not speak ? My mother, you keep silent ' Have you forgotten, my sisters, our mutual tenderness and the plays of our childhood-those plays that this' place has witnessed so often ?' "At those last words my sisters appeared to be moved. They spoke low, rose and signalled me to- approach. ' One of them knelt before my mother as if she wanted to play a gamesin whieb: the players. strike' soch other. :8rpibia~d with this strange fancy in a momentn scolemn, I touched the hand of my sister with, the end of my whip. A mv?eerions force attso'ed me, " When my time- eame-,to kneel before my mother, and to put -my.head on herlaop-oh, hrior ! I felt a form anaular and cold under her silk dress. I heard a sharp noise thke the rattling of bones, and then a hand met mine ;,,that imnd resed .in it. It was a skeleton's hand., .I nttered a cry of terror. They were human remains that I shook con vulsrvely. "Out of m3:slf, .and..with-.a disturbed mind, I ran away from this awful castle. In the yard I found my horse. I mounted and departed at ai furious pace. At the break of the day my.sieed fell dead, and my servant found me senseless,' lying under the animal. Iwas at the point of death for over three weeks. When .I recovred my health I learned that my family had perished, victims of this pitiless Seven Years' War, and that our manor had been pillaged and ransacked many times, "I returned to Grose RenaSw. I wanted to pay the lst duties to my familyand te give a decent burial to those I loved so deaprly, Tot whthstanding the most minite researches I was' unable to finad their sacred remains. Alone, a hand, a woman's hand holding a gid bracelets, was ploked-up on lth floor in my father's room, bthe same room where the stal fvision appeared to -me,- I took :that bracelet, this very ose and the hand was bried.in the .chapel of the estl. wasea isep ototh of when was hwalened ?yleullghtinbo' l opened hey bypid?ds'aw dlatinctly my' father; my mother,' and my foor eister stauding befor me; my slater. took each by the hand, and motioned mb ts ointhem. '"'No, no lIne?er I':aried I.-. "Then the ghosts, clasping their 'bads, began to turn slowly around me.' '" ' Justice,"' said my father peasslg before me. "'Penance," muirmuried my mother, Ini dlinis her sad face towirds me " ',Preysr," said the'yonarisr.sier ". " 'Sword." sighed amsother. . " ' Twelfsh of August,' said shthelird. And the last one repeated : " ' Twelfth of Angumt &t; midnieh, ' :"' And again lhey urnedu aronnd me, utter. ag the same words; then Mere vanished,:.re Good-bye'l Good.bye I Thb'twel?ih;of uunostatmidnight ' . ," I comprehended that my life was to be accomplilshed soon, and nothing morewas to done by me butrecommaend mhy soul toOrid and my family.toyour- Majesty.'? .' "My dear. Marshal," replied the kieg, 'what yon haverslated to' me is certainly very extraordIn'Ii . Per;'ai'" 'fver "n'd[ dellrium have something to do wit t those aisions. Courage; take courage; fight against those halluolnatlonsaud..yd . good. hope.. You hal rbgain 'our health, "?d yoU will lire manylong years;. Do yoa not believe me?2 Yes, isitnot-Oive mecourhand."' And asl'Bfulier did' dsf'Ciswer, the King of p?riasiaseied his hand. I Ift was already cold and rigid I Midnight etrack'by the atique eclock in the paohr.; Field.Marhat ' Blithi'i; the saviour of Wellington at Watirloo, wp ' dead. . 