3MY LADY PRIMROSiE. b at ýh r° was a sound of distant bugling in \- .- melancholy, discordant kind of D Now and then the soil seemed to : n :?nath the trc'C. of some military • l...nt marebing a..ng. wrŽ :. voice of the dril ser.eant could bhe hr ,-d ·:I the hlao, together with the rattle of £r-r - from some regiment on parade, and now ,i:I then a burst of milihtry music; wh;ile penetrating these mingled sounds might be hrard the skylarks from on high, or the thril'ng note of a cuckoo in soma far-distant plantation. h All these sounds heard Sophig Gerard as she opened the window to let iii the crisp t mornming air, and also the grateful voice of Breakfast was all ready, and ophie was waiting with the eager appetite oyouth; for her father, Colonel Gerard, had ?4 yet come ,o'ne from his morning ride. Inie general way the Colonel was a model C military punctuality, and Sophie, getting npatient t went out into the porch to see he was coming. The hut to which the pcrch belonged was one of the most elaborate in the camp; a 'uecession of tenants had added to it here andl there, till it formed quite an encampment it itself ; and with creepers growing about -i. and a quite respectable lawn and garden r frnnt, the place had really a cosy, cheerful \- .n Prance, As Sophie scanned the long line of white read. bordered by copses of birch which were now in their freshest.green, without seeing any figure that she could recognise as her father'%, the garden gate opened, and a young soldier entered, a Sergeant by his stripes, and with a formal salute, passed on toward the Colonel's office, which was on the further side of the hut. 'Sergeant Arthur !' said the girl in a hesi tating voice. The young man stopped with a pleasant smile, again raising his hand to the .salute, and awaited the young lady's commarids. ' My father has not returned yet-I feel quite uneasy.' 'Is M3alec with the Colonel 7' asked the Sergeant, quickly. ' Malec here,' said the individual in ques tion, putting out his brown face at the door of a wooden outbuilding which represented the butler's pantry. ' Male here,' he repea ted, coming forth bodily as if with sinister designs upon the Sergeant. Then, seeing for the first time his young mistress at the door, he made a profound obesiance, so that he almost touched the ground with his snowy turhan. Just then the Colonel arrived at the door, he had galloped across the lines in a different dirction from that expected. The soldier-groom came forward, to receive the horse; Malke held his master's stirrup in an attitude of proud humility; the Sergeant sauinted once more, and Sophie ran forward to take from her father's hand a basket coveredLwith ereen rine-leaves which he V' 'I am awfully sorry to have kept waiting,' said the Colonel to his daug , as they sat down to breakfast, with Ma5e waiting behind his master's chair. ' but t°' grapes must he my excuse. The fact he met Crump as I was cantering along, an insisted on my going to see his vine Sle is an early bird like myself. Oh ! Mrs Crump is coming over to call on you this very day.' hi 'What? Lady Primrose ! said with a shrug of the shoulders, and I ! rather dissatisfied. call ' Yes, Lady Primrose, as the peopi her,' rejoined the Colonel, ' and if y e make a friend of her, Sophie. I shall of glad. Her father was a dear old frie ond mine, and poor Guy--well, he wasvery of her, poor boy.' and Here the Colonel'svoicebecame hu broken. of Three years had elapsed since the his son Guy, a promising and enot young oficer of Engineer, who, havi ti taken a dangerous surveying e had among the higher passes of Afghini. been cut off by a native tribe and ed with all his little party--all except le man. Colonel Gerard adopted this to Pathan, whose name had been shx Make, -. his own personal atten el brougl-;- Tmar home with him whe t returnn, ram India to take rp pointm-nt in England. The Ciolnel had another rcta ie services were to be measured ra i scale of- od-will than in any t fashion This was Mrs Bridge ij in cp Biddi. -~ -he was generally kn< ur n or cail -:-t-the widow of to liele the corps. who had acted as ne and wo Master Guy and Miss Sophi wife exr sance the death of the Colone'ster's simle Case a mild-control over her Ii ohons hold. ti, who was As , rSereant John Artlin hi Fo theC" ..... r- ---.. oce _ -2 was a new acquaintan'hibtogether a .iid not belong to the eorps--the En ering Corps, that is-but had been n up on an emergency fron some line regiment and had proved so- desirable in every way that the Colonel insisted oh keep ing lim. The young man was accomplished as a draoughtsman, as a linguist; in fact he was tho"eughly well educated, and off duty, had the manners and bearing of a g.ntleman. Sophie admired him immensely, all the more from the spice of mystery there was about him. The Colonel had a real affection for the Sergeant, who reminded him in some respects of his son Guy. Often he had tried to draw him out on the subject of his past history, but on this point the sergeant was impene trable. Soon after luncheon on the day when this narrative begins. Mrs Crump's carriage drew up hy the porch of the Colonel's hat, and Mrs Crump herself was introduced by Malec into Sophie's presence. Sophie was nkturally nervouas for she had only been for a few weeks at the head of her father's house, and this was the first .* wr she had received from the outside 1,!.- had formed the acquaintance '"-,?;',,r of the camp; but these holonged, as it were, to the family, and had never seemed formidable. be But neither was Mrs Crump at all for- eq midaile. Those who had called her Lady Primrose had somehow,hit off an appropriate we soubriquet. She was fair, rather pale, with beautiful co golden hair, had a somewhat pensive expres sion in general, relieved at times with a di frank and fa;cinating smile. at Lady Primrose met Sophie's embarrassed te greeting by a hearty embrace. ' So you are Guy's sister !' she said, hold- tr ing the girl at arm's length. ' You are ten qi thousand times better looking that ever Guy was ; but you have his smile my dear, that cr heart-breaking smile, and his beautiful eyes.' B 'Then you were fond of Guy T said Sophie m tremulously. t1 ' Fond isn't the word, child,' replied Lady, tI Primrose. ' I loved him and yet.I sent himn re away to his death.' 'I beg your pardon, ladies,' said a voice at tc this moment. 'I did not know anyone was here. The Colonel.wanted a book!' la Here Lady Primrose turned upon the in- 81 trader, who fled precipitately without wait ing for the required volume. ' Who is that ' asked Lady Primrose, who had caught a glance of the retreating figure, and who looked rather scared. ' 'Oh, that is one of my father's assistants,' tl said Sophie. ' He is not- particularly shy, d but you seem to have frightened him.' V 'My dear, he frightened me, just? the turn h of his figure reminded me so strongly-' P ' Not of Guy Tasked Sophie, wonderinfly. u ' Not of him-of another.' h But the interruption had checked the flow b of Lady Primrose's confidence, and now her v talk flowed on in more conventional chan- r And Sophie must come and stay at Omum- I petts; that was imperative, if her father I consented. The only question was, how soon could she be ready-in two hours.' I 'No, not possibly in two hours,' Sophie 7 protested. But here the Colonel came in and cut-short I her objections. 1 A soldier's daughter should be ready to I march anywhere at an hour's notice. So the Colonel called Mrs Bridget, and bade her p?ak his daughter's trunks, and get every- 1 thing ready for her departure. Lady Primrose, drove away, having other calls to make, promising to return and carry off Sophie at the appointed time. 'But you will be so lonely, papa,' said Sophie, feeling that she too would be lonely in a big house where all were strangers to her. ' Mydear, I am used to being lonely,' said B the Colonel with a sigh ; ' that is, if I can be considered lonely with Bridget to look after me, and all the kind friends I have about Sme.' When Sophie was all ready and only e waiting for Lady Primrose's carriage, she a went into the Engineer's office to bid her It father a final good-bye. d Her father's place was vacant; but at it the side table sat Sergeant Arthur. He had u the way of ravelins, counterscraps or other r, professional subjects, but only two charm s, imn female heads. The young man was so e intent upon his work that he did not hear I the slight noise Sophie made in coming in. e One of the heads was decidedly Lady I. Primrose's, and a bunch of primroses at her d throat was her appropriate badge. u The other head, Sophie was inclined to think, was her own; and she felt a certain ,, satisfaction in recognising that the artist had g expended far more loving pains over this last, which he had adorned with a bunch of ii violets. S The Sergeant placed his sketch hastily in a draw and sprang to his feet as he recog f nised Sophie's pri *nce. S'Your father is out, Miss Gerald; he has gone to headquarters.' I Sophie felt a slight embarrassment under the young man's ardent but respectful scru f tiny. I .am going away,' she faltered, 'and I will say good-by now. You will take care a of papa.' I The last request sprang unpremeditated I from her lips. Surely it was rather an ab a surd one. 'I will look after the Oolonel,' said the I Sergeant gravely, 'as long as I am here ) But before you return I shall probably have i rejoined my regiment.' I 'Oh I hope not,' said Sophie in dismay. \- 'I don't know what my father would do without you.' "I shall be very sorry to leave the Colonel,' said the Sergeant, still gravely ' bit Sin the way of duty, Miss Gerard, things Soften come uncommonly hard.' S Sophie sighed involuntarily, and said that 'no doubt they did some times;' and then Sshe shook hands with the young man and > departed. \- 'he life at Crumpett's Sophie found P pleasant enough. The house was rambling, old-fashioned and handsome. S The hot-houses and conservatories were show places for the country-side, and the r gardens were already gay with the flowers \- of every possible kind of bad. 1 Mr Cramp was exceedingly kjnd, if some Swhat solemn and elderly in manner, and his i wife was all kindness and sweetness. \- Not very much was seen of Mr Cramp, for his parliamentary duties kept him in town Sall the week; but he always came home for I Saturday and Sunday. SAt fifty years of age Mr Crump had all the reputation of a misogynist. He was not really such, but only extremely shy and sensitive; still, he would probably have gone down to his grave with that reputation but for an occurrence which brought him per force into contact with feminine influence. Mr Crump's nephew and heir presumptive, iArthur Crump, had been brought up in the expectation of succeeding to the family es tates. Afterhis uncle, indeed, he' was the only representative of that family--the most ancient in the country. iArthur had been educated at Winchester and Oxford at his uncle's charges, who pro vided him with a liberal allowance. I Theyoung man had an ardent desire to enter the army, and to this, also his uncle consented, and Arthur had begun to' cram' for the examination with a Colonel Hughes, I who had a reputation in that line, whens he: fell helplessly in love with the Colonel's lovely daughter, Lettice. Nnow this' was more than Mr Crump had Sei bargained for, on his part the Colonel was by equally unsympathetic. . Bf After all, the young man bad nothing in the Th world but what he had from his uncle, "and it be, was the height of folly for Lettice to en- re, courage him. va Lettice, indeed, protested that she never did encourage him : that she liked his friend Cc and Sophie's brother, Guy, a' great deal bet- o ter; but that she was carried away by the young man's perseverance, and plighted her be troth to him just for the sake of peae' and i w quietness:.- I When Mr Crump came up to town to dis- ve cuss his nephew's entanglement with Colonel hi Hughes, nothing could 'have been prettier or d, more dutiful than ;her. behavior. Ratherj re than incur her father's displeasure and ruin the prospects of her dear Arthur, she would ,S release her :lover and cancel their engage;- tl ment with a general exchange"of letters and in tokens. he Mr Crump was delighted with the young a: lady's behavior; he was fascinated with her tal sweet face and charmingmanner., 'm S' And when Itfou nd that hl wanted me I r for himself,'-- asked Lady Primrose, piteously, 'S 'what was Ito do y y3 -Unhapplly? or blmself, -young Artbur did d iiot take the same common-sense view of bi things. His "uncle had every intention of i ti dealing liberally with.. him ; but - his :own violent conduct, and especially the reproaches tl he showered 'upon his uncle's intended bride, n put an end to any kind of arrangement. His h uncle cast him. off completely, and forbids his name to be mentioned. The young man a bad his pride and his anger. to begin the a world upon, with a few debts, perhaps, and a not a penny more from his uncle. And so a he had departed into outer darkness. No F one knew what had become of him, but Mme. Lettice was still a little afraid of him. t The fate of Arthur Crump, however, would t have been of small importance had Lady i Primrose been blessed with children. But she had been married now five years, and there were no children. And Mr Crump was 1 terribly' puzzled as to how to dispose of the I ancestral estate. A handsome .portion, in lands and money, had been settled on Lady I Primrose absolutely. But the main-part of the estate, which was free from entail or I settlement-that estate of Crumpetts of which it should be noted that the local and correct'priiunciation is Cranshets-had been held by a Orump since the days of the Hep Itarchy. Could a Crump be disinherited; and his fields, could they be held by a stranger ' This was the burning question at Orumnpetts I just then, but it did not appear on the sur face. Outwardly, Lady Primrose was en r grossed in politics; she was at the head of t the Primrose League in her district, and she was doing her best to make her husband's i return a certainty at the next contest. At e the last election his majority had been a r narrow one, and hence, when Mr Crump had been offered a minor but dignified office .t in the Administration, he had been advised d not to risk an election, and the possible loss of a seat. This was a great disappointment ,r ambitious. But if she should make the seat I- secure, perhaps they, the official people, o would make her husband a Peer--he would *r not accept a baronetcy-and then she would be Lady;Primroee in good faith. y Yet, with aIl these schemes working in the r head, Lady Primrose-had such an" elastibity of temperament that she made a very agree ;o able hostess. ... She gathered about her all the n young men of the neighborhood; :there were d dances, dinner pairties; with occasionaf flyiig is visits to Loniidon with evenings at tihe theatre, )f and, on 'the memorable occasion when Mr Orump was expected to address the Hous3, a a visit td the ladies' gallery - of the Hounse of \- Commons. And the country drives were also delight Sful-amodng the 'heaths 'and commons, and through the quaint old country villages, and r by-woods, and copies, and sunken lanes over arched with trees. One little glen had been cleared entirely of its underwood during the I preceding autumn, and' thus, on both sides, e it was now a growing mass of 'primroses piceked out with knots of blue hyacinths and I I graceful wild-flowers. And her ladyship had begged a holiday for the girly at the village school, and had turned e them all into the glen to gather primroses with which to decorate her room for agrand ball, which she was giving to all the neighbor hood. A cart-load of buns and great cans of milk were brought thereforthe children, and Sgreat was the enjoyment of all concerned. Colonel Gerald-had ridden over from the camp .and joined the party in the glen. He Sdelighted in children, and soon made friends among the pretty, blue-eyed country lasses. But when they all returned to the house for Sluncheon, the Colonel.proved to be dull and Iout of spirit. This was the anniversary of I his son's death, and though he.made no allusion to the circumstance, Sophie remem i bered it, and divined the cause of her father's melancholy. Lady Primrose was quite dis- I tressed when Sophie confided the matter toI her. 'And I have chosen this day, above all others, for my ball ' hbw heartless I must Sophie thought that, on the contrary, dear Lady Primrose had toob much' heart. There was poor Guy, whom she had loved, although she had rejected-him; and theie was young Orump for whom she really must have cared at one time; and then she must certainly" have some-affection for the busband; who was so devoted to her. For the poor youth who had lost loire and everything else that akes I life desirable at one fell stroke, Sophie felt a wonderful compassion and tenderness. I The Colonel would not stay for the primrose ball; but he was coming next day to 'carry his da'uhter off Not back to the camp; he had done with that altogether after to-morrow. His term of service on the staff would soon I expire, and he had obtained leave 'to the end of his term. He was about° ti lose his right hand man, Sergeant Arthuitr, and that wis the last straw, and now he would retire.. eii had indeed, taken a little place eight or ten miles beyond OGmrpetts, and, if Sophie thought it would ,da, lied vould buy it ! hope to end his day~s tee..re . o ' ... \- Some disappointment was Asiblein Sophie's face as she heard this news. The lifeincamp I had been a novelty, and had pleased her; I and why sahould her father place himself upon a the shelf when he might easily obtain a re- i newal of his appointment' And surely, ·· • Sergeant Arthur's services might be ret:inred ai by using a little influence in the right quarter. I, But here was the strangest part of the affair. u The Colonel had ascertained that Arthur had t been recalled to his regiment at his own lh request, sacrificing extra pay and other ad- d vantages. '-We got on so well together, too,' said the a Colonel. ' Can you possibly, Sophie, have offended him by any of your girlish tricks.' f i n?w Sophie felt sure that whatever might be the:Sergeant's feelings towards her, they is were no way unfriendly. And; then a gliinpse of the truth was re vealed to her. `Arthur might have found himself growing too fond of the Colonel's I daughter, and honorably had determined to' remove'himself from temptation. I I For all the. regrets she might have felt t ,Sophie-enjoyed herself wonderfully well at th6e Irirrose ball. It was a general gather ing to wvhich anybody who was not directly hostile to the primrose badge, was invited; and Sophie's instructions were to be agree able' to everybody, especially to the young Smen, whose suffrages were easier to win and retain than those of their elders. And Sophie found herself in great request, and yet distributed her dances fairly among the "-_merent~so, ,ala.Ot, o,1 d.aG-in no.. wise i behind Lady Primrose her in general estima tion. It was nearly daylight when the last of the guests drove away and Sophie did not make her appearance down-stairs till nearly hlncheon time. Lady Primrose had been about for hours, and looked as fresh as-it will not do to say a primrose, for that fades quickly enm:,ugh, I and all the decorations of the ballroom were now faded qad withered-but as fresh as the > primrose's rmble companion, the daisy. AMr Crum , too, was at home; but sitting up late did 'it seem to agree with him, al I though he ought 'to have been accustomed to 7 it from his Parliamentary experience; but, t anyhow, he looked haggard and worn. i Sophie ha~ a busy afternoon in getting all a her things mcked, with the help of Lady e Primrose's 4aid. a At 5 o'cl .k Colonel Gerard would call for y his daughte in the dog-cart and drive her to f the new hone, where dinner would b," ready xr for them, alec and Mrs Bridget having if gone to the ouse in advance. d At the c mp, Sergeant Arthur had also n packed tog her his small belongings and was \- taking a I~t look at the place which had been mad right to him by so much kind is ness, and, tterly, by the light of a growing passion for he Colonel's daughter. He had ts just shaken hands with *he old Colonel, and r- the last "w is had been spoken huskily on n- both sides. of Arthur f t as if he had been parting with re a father. ie light in the office had grown l's somewhat m, for the weather had changed It rather sad nly, and a thick sea-fog was a d iving ra ly across thecountry and making up everything zrk and gloomy. Arthur stirred ce the office with a shiver, and drew his ed chair up to e shabby ordnance fender, feel ss ing gloomy d depressed. ,nt The Col l and his daughter would have S--- i v lLthrouah_thationely half ,at wild count The Sergeant must have fallen le, into a dos 'er the fire, for he roused him Id self presenil with a start, feeling that there ld was a cold I?t blowing in upon him. He sprang to Ih fret ; a tall, gaunt figure con he fronted him, ith gleaming eyes peering from ty a face fright fly pale. e- ' You are 'uy Gerard I' shouted the Ser he geant, mech ically putting:himself, in a pos -re ture of defe? -' r his ghist.' 9g 'I am G , .sure enough, and no ghost,' re, said the ot in a hollow voice, ' although dr not much b er. But who are you 1 Arthur a Crump, as live.' of ' Guy, ol man, and you really are alive,' cried Arth , eagerly holding out both his it- hands. - " ad But the eer drew back. id 'Can yo offer me that hand fairly and 'r- honestly, Ahur '1 Did you act the partoi a en true friend me V he ' Always, uy,' said Arthur, firmly. ' If s, I you mean. out your old sweetheart and es I mine-she ned never come between is. You d I know, I sup se, that she married my Uncle John.' or 'Is that so,' eried the revenant. 'I 3d thought she ad married you. Give me your es hand, old b1 .' Id It was a kinny, wasted hand that the r- speakeroffej to his friend. ofj 'But whal is this, old man ' he continued, Ld passing his lnd over the other's left arm, and feeling the dripes thereon. e ' What, dl you come to grief 1' le 'Even sol Captain,' said Arthur saluting Is gravely. 'put just for an hour in the twi -. light let us old friends again, and sit down Sand tell meour adveniures.' It appeal d that Mr Gerard had not been killed, although left for dead. He had been 0 picked up byisomne friendly Tajiks, who were \- travelling through the passes with a trading ' caravan, and taken to Balkh, ihere he lived * for some yearsas. one among the people who o had rescued him. I Here was a woriderul opportunity for 11 [studying the country and the manners and tlanguage of its inhabitants, and it was with I regret that, when an opportunity offered, he Sleft his friends and joined a trading party e bound for the Ibores of the Caspian. Thence h he made his way to Constantin.ople, and so g hom without any further adventures. d& 'And Lhaven't come home as a pauper, 7 either,' said Guy. 'I made money out there trad~g in notions. Andi, indeed, I don't o thinkI should ever have come hole at alli.f 5 it Fid not been for the thought of ify old dad a grid4ing for me.' uI i t you sent no telegram or-letter to e your father,' said Arthur. y I had a reason for that, too,' replied Guy. 'e The truthi was, I doubted if I should ever ' rbh home alive, I felt so bad; and I thought I t oruld 'be cruel to give him thepang of Slo6sigmne again. As it is, I doubt if I shall Sev &b; goodl for much again. You have no Sid ?what agashthe scoundrel g.re me with e his villainous krish. I seeni to feel it now.' it It was'ion of these fiendish* Ghilziis, I e suppose.' S.'N o. Ghilzai at all,' cried Guy indignantly, 'btat iny own pet Pathan, thIe truest of the s Itrie, as I'~thoight him. Lie Ihalnl taken? some p fancied iisuit from me monthls'before, am?l i; rooded-over it ever after, and -hen we were a:among the hill~, he- brought., some of his precious countrymen down upon us and wiped r, us out. But he reserved me for his own hand and as I lay there dyin! aus he theu;ht, he cursed mte and all my line;ag, .iud s'wore, he upon the knife that was red with ,yv W!,ood, that he would offer us all up as a sacrifice to th his precious god, or, as we should call him, nc devil. So much for my pious Malec.' Arthur stared at his friend in blank horror as and amazement. hi 'Why, that is the wretch who is your ti father's faithful and trusty attendant.' vt 'Where is he '' cried Gufy wrathfully, feel ing for his revolver, 'Show me him and 1 i will kit' him !' w 'Be quiet, Guy,' said Arthur. ' You musta't kill him. You are in a civilized tl Icountry and would be hanged for murder. ii I Let us keep cool, Guy, and .try to think the a matter out. Your father has gone-about two hours ago-to take possession of his ti new house. He calls on his way for your v sister, who.is staying at Crumpetts. .Malec b is there to receive them, with only old Bridget in the house. But can there be any ii danger-after so many years of faithful n service a 'Years have nothing to do with it,' cried I Guy. ' One of those fellows will nurse his revenge for half a life-time. Perhaps he has t had no chance before to take both their r lives. We must follow them, Arthur; a minute's delay may mean death to them both. r There was no need to urge the Sergeant to haste. The thought that poor Sophie was in ( danger, and the good old Colonel, nerved him to instant action. But he had to sit and think for a few minutes before he could see his way. Horses there were plenty in the camp, but not at the disposal of any chance non com. who chose to ask for them. As for Guy, his name was no longer on the army list, and probably in his strange dress and with his guant, wild appearance, he would be set down as a lunatic by any of his brother officers. But there was a friend of the Colonel's an artillery officer, who kept a couple of stout hunters at stables in the town. The officer himself was on leave, but his man would let him have the horses if he had the Colonel's worc\ for them. As for himself, if he went out of camp in uniform, he wonld probably be stopped and asked for his pass, and to get a pass would be an affair of hours. Well, there was an overcoat of the Colonel's hang ing up in the office, and a pot-hat that was alhnost past service, and putting these on, Arthur took Guy by the arm and pushed rapidly for the town. The sentry they passed carried arms to them, thinking they I were officers in plain clothes, and they I reached town without exciting any observa Stion. Happily there was no difficulty at the stables. 'Sure, the Major's o'rders were that the I Colonel might have the horses when he wanted,' said the Irish groon:, ' and 'll be glad to have a bit of the freshness taken off I them, for it's myself afraid to put a leg over s them.' The horses were fresh enough, ready to jump out of their girths; but there was a, long stretch of open heath before them, and when they had passed that, the animals were 1 more in hand. \- As the horsemen approached Orumnpett's, e they saw the .house, which stands on slightly e rising ground, with many of its windows I lighted up, and casting tremulous rays of a light through the haze. ' And that is her house!' cried Guy, war ing a band in that direction. Evidently there was no other she for him, notwithstanding all he had goni through. S Atthe lodge-gat, they stopped for a mo-' h ment to make sure that the Colonel had gone r on. The woman at the Lodge-an old servant recogniscd Arthur at once. & Why, 'tis the youug Squire !' she cried. s 'Be you a-coining back to us, sir I Oh, 1 be just glad i' Cut short in her demonstrations, she was found to be thoroughly well- informed as to i a the Colonel anti his movements. Hlie had driven up to the house; he had staid there f for a good while, and then he had driven I through the gate with the young miss, andt what was more, the Squire himself, on horse- i e back alongside of them, had gene to see them safe home. I 'Thank God !' said Arthur. 'If the Squire r is with them there is no great danger; still let us push on.' e They rode on at a pretty hard gallop over the turf. Arthur knew every inch of the ,way and wheie the best going was to be I found. Taking a short cut across the cornm I mon, they just missed seeing a man who was I trudging along with a led horse. They had ;ridden about a mile further when they heard! the'sound of wheels and hoofs in front of a them. ' All safe so far,' cried Guy, nodding cheer- t a fully to his companion. S A turn in the rcal brought them in sight! e of the vehicle and its occupants, who were Sdriving along at a brisk trot. They had I come to a cutting where the road passed be tween high sandy banks, each covered with a plantation of dark firs. But the moon had r now risen and was shining directly into this I dark gully and making everything within it Svisible in a manner strange and weird. The I horse in the shlafts was trotting bravely along, r although the road was somewhat heavy and a the sound of its hoofs was muffled in the soft a sand. ' Suddenly something dark darted out in Sfront of the vehicle; a. man it seemed, and , held out its arms with a strange cry. The t horse rearland beat the air with its fore f feet. and then the figure sprang forward like I a panther, and a ripple of light darted for a moment out of the gloom. This was all they > saw; but next moment the horse dashed on as if without guidance. 'Galloping up, the horsemen found first a r (lark, liuinan form, stretched across the road, writhing and contorted, but not uttering word E or moan. SThis was Malec, the Pathan, his naked, blood-stained knife still clenched in Ihis hand. I Guy leaped from his horse, alnd placed his I footiupdni the man, drawing his revolver ait I the same time. - 'Ride on, Arthur, and see what has hap. , peiied I dare not-' I But fifty yards further on lay another hurman figure, prone upon his face, with arms outstretched, and grey hairs dabbled with blood. Ah; dead, sure enough, a gas~h like Sthat was enough, and here was another Sstreamlet of blood oozing away thrbugh the ] r sand. 'Is it my father T cried Guy, in a deep, hoarse voice, ' and is he dead I' I r think it is he,' faltered Arthur, and then he heard a click of Guy's pistol, 'hut not dead, I think.' He said this, feeling that his friend would nxecute justice on his father's mudrderr with his own hand. ' Guyv, m::pt; your revo;';er in the air to bring heir,, and i w:il ride after yoor sister.' u" n fired several shot;, but to re'ered two, Arthur noticed as !:c rode on. Th'. iog-:art was not far to seek. A countryman in a smock frock had stoppred the horse and -.a: s:anding at his hadl. ,az ing at the vehicle in a dazed and terrified manner. And Sophie-she !ay there without mn tion, one arm halntint over the side of the vehicle, hut there was no cruel gash in that beautiful white throat. in the excitemeuti and gratitude of the nle ment, and she stirred faintly, and sighed as he laid her tenderly on a soft bed of bracken. 'Guy, there is something left to live for: there is your sister,' cried Arthur. ' And now, my good friend,' to the countryman, help me to raise the poor old Colonel.' ' C ,'0, . i.- _t the -ountryman as he raised the head of the p-ostrate niure. 'This ain't no Colonel. This he Squire Crump as is murdered. And you he an swerable for he, young gentlemen : I know you. You he the one to gain by his death. Oh, how could you hurt the dear old Squire .' ' I hurt him ' cried Arthur, sobbing. on his knees beside the well-known form ; 'I would have died to save him.' And then another voice sounded from out of the gloom. It was the Colonel's 'OCrump ! Sophie r what has happened I Are you all safe ? And Malec here ! What are you doing, sir, to my servant ?' ' Oh, father, don't you know me 1' said another voice. ' I am Guy.' It was in the midst of tri:uilatinn aned dis tress that father and son :n-t our.- more. But old Squire Crump' Evtryhody mourned for him now, anrd recounted his good qualities. His wife' was in despair. Never before had so cruel f.-te cnlnle to so good a man. He had met, his dleath. in,!ced, a fate intended for another, thiro,1hu hiis ,rood nature. Hte aust ineeds hýve his horse `saddled and ride otT with (?ioner-i Gerarrl, to show him the way over the heath, where roads, or tra".ks, rather, are intricate, and sign-posts few. Half way to the new house the Colonel's i mare picked up a nail or a fratment of flint -anyhow, pnlled up .--ad ;,remr. It was cruelty to drive the lors" a step further. What was to ,, done? Mir ('rump was in his el.ineert in a (i~t::dialiv of this kind. Take the mar" rut, rut thl; harrnr.s on his coh, quiet to rid.- .?'i. drive, there the ' diliculty was settled. Piut the naret'--thov could not leave her by, the roadside ? No, one of theIt !,nu t lead the- nar.. to the roadl side inn, a mitlle ir so furth!- on, and that t one must he the 'ior.el. There was no hel' for it, arml so with much pleasar,t talk the Squire and Mis, `er:i behd drive on o to such a dre.tlful -l:,ei,.r foorone of them. There was no doubt hut that .d'. e-. in tendetd to kill th{r both ; but the ,quire was stronjr enou,',lI to, hurl the man down UE ldlr the ho,rse's hor,ft. eo, lsh not b.efore the deadly wounds ha-d been itfietdtl. :and thus Sophie's life was -cveil, an, the a:'llows was robbed of its lawful prey. For Malece died in prismo, , he fiver thtt ?i'?-v:ei!d frter his wounds fronr the horse's "i:ofs: died, too, alnost in des;pair - f,- h . re'e.nintd now that all his 'deiic:ttel vi.tims ha-! ,.sepred, and he dreaded the an"gcr of his got. When Mir COrunt's will was road it was 'found that he h:ad dealt f;aidly ; his nephew. EeErything tihat dlid not s.ri-tuv hIlern, to the old estate went to the widow : and these *bequests mvle her su!iicin.itly richl. 1But Cru'npetts was to go to lti nephl',w if he I could he found, with pri-'ion oth/rwis-, \- with which we need not concern ourselves- for there was Ito dihliculty in filding him. l Thle Colonel knew w'here to fitd hil,, and Sophit, too; for though he got into a little troublle for 'being absent from hli regilrient without leave, yet, when, the facts were understood, his name was taken from the Sblack-list, and he would htlt'e been recom melnded for a conmmission had he chosren to remain in the service.. But he preferred to retire with the rank of 'Sergeant,' rand to take up his duties as Squire of COrumnpetts. He married, too, and his bride was one Sophie Gerard. 1 Guy, too, had his name rzstored to the Army List, but his health wHs hardly strong enough for active service. IHe lived with his Sfather, and it was pleasant to see how joyous the Colonel was with his son;'s companionship. When Guy, however, was othred :a colonial I appointIenIt his father urged hin: to accept it, and take his place in tihe world of action.. _ But Guy went for further adcice: for a b;tetter quarter. He-rode? a ?o ' "ftin' E!~.lizabeth'an mansion thatt looked a deal older than Crumn pett. It was the house that ,ny La:v Prim Srose had hbuilt for herself, after iher husband's death. The house had takeni two years to build, so you may judge that he:r ladylvship mhad undergone a idue period of widowhood when slhe told Guy tha't he hud better stay at home, and take care of her and of his gallant old father-yes and writ- the big hook of travels that the worl expected from him. r'ederick Talbot, in All thit ?rt Rountd. 1 - 