DEAD MAN'S ROCK: A ROMANCE; BY Q. [Published by special arrangement with Messrs Caseell & Co. All rights reserved.] BOOK II.-THE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. Chapter IX.-(Continued.) I was still wrapped np in mycloak, though the cape was flung back to give my arms free play. Rowing so, I must quickly have been warm; but I felt it no more than I had felt the cold aa I walked home from the theatre. My boat waa creeping along the Middlesex Bhore, by the old Temple stairs, ana presently threaded its way through more crowded channels, and passed under the blackness of London Bridge. How far below this I went, I cannot clearly call to mind ; of distance, as well as of time, I had lost all calculation. I recollect making a circuit to avoid the press of boats waiting for the early dawn by Billingsgate Market, and have a vision of the White Tower against the heavens. But my next impression of any clearneaa is that of rowing under the shadow of a black three-masted schooner that lay close under Bhore, tilted over on her port side in the low water. As my dingey floated out again from beneath the overhanging hull, 1 looked up and saw the words, Water-Witch, painted in white upon her pitch-dark bows. By this time I was among the tiers of shipping. I looked back over my shoul der, and saw their countless masts loom ing up as far as eye could see in the dim light, and their lamps flickering and wavering upon the water. I rowed about a score of strokes, and then stopped. Why go further? This place would serve as well as any other. No one was likely to hear my splash as I went overboard, and even if heard it would not be interpreted. I wa3 still near enough to the Middlesex bank to be out of the bread moonlight that lit up the middle of the river. I took the tin box out; of my cloak and stowed it for a moment in the stern. I would sink it with the key before I flung myself in. So, pulling the key out of the other pocket, I took off the cloak, then my dress coat and waistcoat, folded them carefully, and placed them on the stern seat. This done I slipped the key into one pocket of my trousers, my watch and chain into the other. I would do all quietly and in order, I reflected. I was silently kicking off my shoes when a thought struck me. In my last struggles it was possible that the desire of life would master me, and almost uncon sciously I might take to swimming, la the old days at Lizard Town swimming had been aB',natural to me as walking, and I had no doubt that as soon as in the] water I should begin to strike out. Could I count upon determination enough to withhold my arms and let myself slo vly drown ? Here was a difficulty ; bat I resolved to make everything sure. 1 took my handkerchief out of the coat pocket and bent down to tie my feet firmly together. All this I did quite calmly and mechani cally. As far as one can be certain of any thing at this distance of time, I am certain of this that no thought of hesitation came into my head. It was not that I overcame any doubts ; they never occurred to me. I waa stooping down, and had already bound the handkerchief once around my ankles when my boat grated softly against something. I looked up and s%w once move above me a dark ship's hull, aad ri^ht above my head the white letters, Water Witch. This would never do My boat had drifted up the river again with the tide, stern foremost, but a little aslant, and had run against the warp by the schooner's bows. 1 must pull out a<;ain, for other wise the people on board would hear me. I pushed gently off from the warp and took the sculls, when suddenly 1 heard voices hack towards the stern. My first impulse was to get a way with all speed, and 1 had already taken halt a Btroke when something caused my hands to drop and my heart to give one wild leap. What was it '? Something in the voices'? Yes ; something that brushed my stupor from me as though it were a cob web something that made me hush my breath and strain with all my ears to listen. The two voices were those of a man and woman. They were slightly raised as if in a quarrel ; the woman's pleading and en treating, the man's threatening and stern But that was not the reason that suddenly set my heart uncontrollably beating and all the biood rushing and surging to my temples. For in those two voices I recognised Mrs. Luttrell and Simon Colliver ! "Have you not done enough J" ths woman's voice was saying "Has your cruelty no end that you must pursue 1113 so I Take this money and let me go." "I must have more," was the answer. "Indeed, I have no more just now. (*0, only go, and I will send you some. I swear it." " I cannot go," said the man. " Why V' "Nevermind. I am watched." Here the voice mattered some words which I could not catch. "So that unless you wish to see your husband swing-and believe me, my confession and last dying speech would not omit to mention the kind aid 1 had received from you and CJar " "Hush ! oh, hush ! If I get you this money will you leave us in peace for a time ? Knowing your nature, 1 will not ask fur pity-only for a short respite. I must tell Clare, poor girl; she does not ki-ow yet " Quite softly my boat had drifted once more across the schooner's bows. I pulled it round until its nose touched the anchor chain and made the painter fasc. Then slipping my hand up the chain, I stood with my-shoeless feet upon the gunwale by the bows. Still grasping the chain I sprang ard swung myself out to the jib boom that, with the cant of tha vessel, wa3 not far above the water ; then pressed my left foot in between the stay and the brace, while I hung for a moment to listen. They had not heard, for i could still catch the murmur of their voices. The creak of the jibboom and the swish of my own boat beneath had frightened me at first. It seemed impossible that it should not dis turb them. But after a moment my courage returned, and I pulled myself up on to the bowsprit, and lying almo3t at full length along it, for fear of being spied, crawled slowly along, and dropped noise lessly on to the deck. They were standing together by the mizzen-mast, he with his back turned full towards me, she less entirely averted, so that 1 cow'1 see a part of her face in the moonlight, and the silvery gleam of her grey hair. Yes, it was they, surely enough ; and they had not Been me. My revenge, long waited for, was in my grasp at last. Suddenly, as 1 stood there watching them, I remembered my knife-'".he blade which had slain my father. 1 had let'o it below-fool that 1 was !-in the tin b>x. Could I creep back again and return with out attracting their attention ! Should 1 hazard the attempt for the sake of plant ing that piecc of steel in Simon Cjlhver's black heart !? It was a foolish thought, but my whole soul was sec upon murder now, and the chance of slaying him with the very knife left in my father's wound seemed too dear to be lightly given up Most likely he was armed now, whilst I had no weapon but the naked hand. Yot 1 did not think of this. It never even occurred to me that he would defend him self. Still, the thought of that knife was sweet to me as I crouched there beneath the shadow of the bulwarks. Should J go or not ( I paused for a moment undecided, then rose slowly erect. As I did so Mrs. Luttrell turned for an iustant and B&W; me. As I stood there, bareheaded, wish the moonlight shining fall upon my white shirt-sleeves, I must have seemed a very ghost; for a look of abject terror swept acroBsher face, her voice broke off and both her hands were flung up for mercy "Oh, God! Look! Look!" As I ruBhed forward he turned, and then with the spring of a wild cat was upon me. Even aa he leapt my foot clipped upon the greasy deck; I staggered backward one step-two steps-and then fell with a crash down the unguarded fore castle ladder. (To be continued.) 