Cimstmas Eve In Cornwall, [By the Rev. Maek Gcs Peakse.] Chapxeb I. A blustering Christmas Eve it was— there could be no mistake about that. The kind of night to make people enjoy the fireside and snug warmth of borne— that is, if you were sitting fay it and sot only catching provoking glimpses through the window, as I did now snd then. Wrapt itom teeth to toeB in my Btout ' ulster,' I hurried along the steep, winding, irregular streets of the little market town. The rain was coming down with a thorough ness ^characteristic of the county — there was a ComiBh ' one- and-all'-ness about it that was unmistakable. The wind waited for you at oid corners and cat- of -the- way nooks ; then it bnrBt upon you with such, strength and fury that it nearly swept you clean away. The dreary streets were deserted. The gas lamps sulked, and looked as if they thought it a shame not to be tamed oat in such a night. The forsaken Ehops were empty and dull— it was plafn that they had made up their minda sot to do anything on a holiday evening like this. There was indeed only one other traveller abroad. I could heat his quick Btep coming on behind. Soon he overtook me, and was berrying by with only a 'good night,' when be suddenly stopped and turned round. 'Do you know where the Wivid lies to, sir? I reckon her moorings is hereabouts, somewhere?' ... He was dressed as a sailor, and carried in his band a Email bundle— evidently bound home «ard for the Christmas holidays. A frank, pleasant-spoken fellow; it was a relief to have tis company. ' I am going by her myself,' I said ; 'and will show you the way.' ''Thank 'ee, sir; uncommon dirty night, ben'titS' „ - .. . . The weather was quite a sufficient topic of conversation to last to the sadden turn in the road where we found ourselves in a glare of light from the door and windows of the Tregeagle Inn, and whence we were to take our passage. Yon could see the Vivid as you stood in the doorway. She carried her name in laree yellow letters on a black ground, covering the whole length of her sides. ' What was she, then ?' asks my reader. Well, she wa3 no cutter, that is quite certain, in spite of her name. No dainty yacht was she, made for dancing on the summer seas. No steamer, paddle or screw, no lumbering barge. She was — well, whatever she was or was not, her name was' the only thing that was *' Vivid' about her. Four knots an hoar washer pro fessed pace, but like Tennyson's Isabel, hers was 'the prudence that withholds ;' and she modestly restrained herself from the utmost of ber strength and was content with three and a half. Bat then it should be stated in all fairness that this . included stoppages which Were frequent and long. She was— what dee could she be?-»-the old lumbering van that went to and from the chief town of Cornwall, 'Where is that T' asks the reader. Well, good reader, that is a difficult ques tion, seeing that there are certainly fireplaces, perhaps six, that lay claim to that honorable dibtinction, and that there are at least half, a dozen more which think themselves quite as good as any one of the five. You perceive that the whereabouts of my story is not likely to be inconveniently traced, whilst each of the com peting places will natter itself that it, and it alone, is the chief town of which I write. Let this suffice, that as I pen these lines 1 lift my head and look across to where she lies — wheelieEs, shaftlese, stripped, dishonored, A rcere rubbish shop for the carpenter's boy. No eager faces wait expecting her. No loving bands wave their farewells while yet she lingers In sight, No more the market- gossips, with well-stored baskets on their knees, sit chatter ing of the news. Forgotten, deserted, silent — the that had so much to do with life along the xoads fox seventy years and more lies there preaching to you and me the old sermon that all thibgs come to preach, mostly unheeded, tic gloria — so all things earthly have their enS, A thing thorouRhly Cornish, was the Vivid To say that she was ''racy of tbe soil' is sug gestive of speed, and that would be a libel on her steady- going character. iWr hours she took to do the journey from the queer little place that lived upon its ancient fame as a par liamentary borough of years ago, to the ' chief town' at which you got joined on to the world ?again by means of a telegraph wire and a single line of rail. When the journey was in day light, the pleasant custom was for everybody to walk np the hills, and generally the passengers found it. more pleasant to go on down the hill beyond than to wait; and sb tbf re wse no level gronnd — for it was in Corn wall— there was a.condderateness about it that Alexander (the horse) and Trigg (the driver sad gtneral proprietor) both appreciated. Two or three of the passengers were already tested when my sailor friend and I 'crept abroad' as he called it It did look about the most dismal place under the Bun— well, for that matter, there was no son, ani there bad been none for at least a fortnight — the dreariest -place that mortal man could find in «hich to spend a Christmas Eve. A lamp, in which a dim tallow candle burned^ equally divided ite favors between the horse outside and the passengers within, and managed on both sides to do nothing more than make the darkness visible, Tbe company was the most uninteresting that could be imagined. There was & very stoat old woman with a bandbox, » bundle, and- a huge umbrella, who kept wiping her face all round with a bit of her pocket-handkerchief adroitly twisted round a etout forefinger, then puffing as if very hot, snd saying only ' bless us i' There was a weak looking mother with a spoiled boy of four or five, whom she kept rating soundly, and then tempted into good behaviour by bribing him heavily with sweetmeats. And I waa to be shut np here for the space of three hoars at least ! There was no hope of my reaching the bocpitable f acmhouseat which I -was to spsnd the Christinas Day, until half past nine o'clock tbat night. I tried to console myself with the thought that my journey could not fail to afford ma a fine opportunity of studying character— that the old times of the pilgrimages might have rivalled it, but that the Chaacer of the nine teenth century would find nothing to supply its place like the wall fi'lad van. What gossip there would be 2 The talk of the neighbors ; of the babies ; the stories of the newly ' ' hatched,1' sad 'matched,' and 'dispatched' — as some body classified those 'three great events of human history which gura us a claim on public interest and newspaper notices. Then tbe startling rumors which each bad picked np, and added to— unconsciously of course. And the wonderful ailments of one snd another, and the yet more wonderful cures, together with the wonderful things that the doctors said about it-all. I even tried to console myself by the thought of a special quickness and aptitude in turning all this to good account. It most rarely be -an ill wind that could blow nobody any good. Courage, tnere was something for me here. So I eat zetigced, philosophical, observant. Ch&pieb; II, Slowly tbe vacant places were filled up. Toe thempings and bnmnings overhead had ceased, and the heap of lugeage was piled in its place. Then came a long and dreary -waiting for nothing at all, and congratulating himself that he was only a quarter of an hour late, Trigg iBoonted tbe shaft, bulged in the protecting curtains with his shoulders, turned round to enquire kindly, 'All tight, in there, are/ee?' Then came a heave, a jolt, a pitch, ani at last we.were on oar way. Bet alas, for the modern Chaucer aad tbe beped-for study of character ! Toe rain was beating against the -sides of the van with a dreary monotony, whilst tbe wind every now snd then burst upon us with such fory'as if threatening to topple as completely' over. Besides this there was scarcely a sound except the fretting of thai spoiled boy and an occa sional 'bless nsl' from the stout old lady as ehe noned her bundle and bandbox and big sxobzel]*. My sailor friend- was fast asleep, snd snored aloud, .whilst I was -vainly trying to follow «o good an . example. Once only was the silence broken. Once only were our thoughts directed from the wild winds and plashing of the rain, . sod from all the weird and dismal loneliness of that ''dreary, dreary moorland outside. It was by that spoilt boy. For a moment the fretting waB silenced. But for a moment only,. Then came suddenly a cry— a grief that burst forth inconsolable^ passionate, all broken-hearted. ' Drat the cbield ! what's the matter with 'ee now ?' asked the impatient mother, angrily. ' Booh— ooh—ooh !' cried the boy, in the Wttfrnpsp of his sorrow. 'Boob — ooh—ooh ! I- been an,' gone an' dunked my nicey wethout ehowin' ov nn !' {He hadstrellowed bis eweet XQPot without biting it.) There, what could Chaucer himself do in ench a place bnt fay to fall asleep ? Poetry oat of such a company! Even my philosophy failed me. Stndy of character indeed! Bab, tbey bad no character. In disgust and despair I drew my bead deep under the collars of my ulster and followed the example of my sailor friend. I slept-- perhaps snored. OhafxebIH. My steep was not for long. There came a jolt, that was more of a jolt than usual, a loud 'whoa.' a sudden stopping. Then we had reached the first baiting place, The Waggoner's oat. It was the voice of Trigg Che driver that we beard, plainly intended to convey some infor awtioD to tae passengers within as well as to somebody oataride. 'Aw, in, SHsa, us. We'd bound far to mate xoemiac 'ee somehow. Tab here Wivid* newt. was «o full bat what her could make soon* foe -who nose somewhere— specialty 'pen Christmas Eve, mise '' And as be fpoke be drew backfthe curtains and looked in. All woke up in a momtut theo. ' La, Jan Trigg ! Yew sever be a goin' fur tew put nobody else in yere, be 'ee then '/' It was the stont mistress of the bundle, bandbox and big umbrella who was the first to remon strate. 'There iEn't a ha «/orth o' room—not a ha'porth,' cried a little man in the corner, whose voice was eo hard and grating that you could fancy it was a skeleton speaking with fleshleBB jaws. 'I'm sure an' sartain yew can't do it 't all, protested the mother of the spoiled boy, dreading the efiect of his being roused from his slumber. By this time Trigg had helped the yoang lady on to the step, and now she stood looking in and wondering where she could find a Beat. In a moment up jumped my sailor friend. 'All right cap'n,' he cried. 'Just hoist me aloft, sooner than we should leave the young lady behind 'pon a Chrissynm Ere.' And he began to make for the entrance. The generous offer, and the cheery tone in which it was spoken, shamed ua all. 'Come,' I said, 'that will never do, to let you get out on top of the luggage on such a night as this. You'll be blown away. We must each of us give an inch all round— that will do it.' 'Ha ! ha ! ha ! ' laughed a man in the other corner. It went ofi just like the explosion of a cracker, making us all jump — whilst the stout old lady said 'Bless us !' with more thxn usual energy. ' Very good, very good indeed, ' he cried, rubbing his hands and exploding again. 'Give the young lady an inch — aad she'll take an ell. Ha ! h» 1 ' 'lam heartily sorry to inconvenience you,' said the newcomer, in a voice that made me wiBh that she would lift her heavy veil. She must have a sweet face who had so sweet a voice, and who could use it so pleasantly. Everybody was glad at having mada the effort for her Bake; and the good deed itBeif seemed to spread|a happineRB amongst us; a feeling that was increased as jast then a terrible blast of the storm burst on us and flew howling and roaring over the moors. ?t Well, there, 't isn't, so to speak, the very comfortablefit way in all the world for a man to spend his Ghrissymas Eve 'pon top o' the Wivid on a dirty night like this,' said the eailot turning to me. -'I should think not,' said the explosive man in the corner. ' Ha, ha, ha— I should think not indeed.' ' I could never have allowed you to go out side on my account,' said the newcomer with the pleasant voice. 'It was very kind of you to offer me such a thing, and I thank you. for it with ail my heart.' ' Why blesa'ee, miss, there's worse places than that for a man to be 'pon a Cimssymas Eve— and there's hundreds o' poor fellows that do find that out.' And so it waB that there began— Cecapier IV. ''Twas four years ago that we put out of Plymouth in the Bella, schooner, with seven hands aboard. We were bound for Bristol. The wind eet in from the north-west soon after we started, and got worse and worse till it blew a gale, and we was beating about in it for ten days. One poor fellow got washed over board, and another got badly hurt, so there we was, two hands short, and nobody able to rest properly for five minuteB together. Everything was drenched through and through, and you could scarce get a bit of victuals to eat. The sails was .split and torn, and heaps, of damage done, and we began to be afraid that we couldn't stand it much longer. Well, we managed to weather it until it came to the day afore Chrissymas Day, Then all of a sudden the wind dropped right away, next to nothing, and tbe sun came out and dried qb a bit com fortable. The sea was running mountains high still, but we was beginning to hope that we should pull through after all. We jmt byr to rights as well as we could, and found out that thermischief wasn't so very bad. * We'll eat our Christmas dinner in Bristol port to morrow, my lads,' ears the captain, ' for I reckon we're somewhere above Trevose Held cow.1 *' But John Vinnicombe. a Devonshire man be was, and mate — he shook bis head — 'Us . ben't out o' tbe ewd yet and mustn't holloa' — them is the very words he spoke. ' '* I'vb s-jud a token, Peter,' he says tome. ' for three nights running,' says he, 'and there's poor Christinas fare in store for ub, Peter Penrose/ sayB ha, and wuss for them that's at home,' Bays he. And right be was, for so soon as the son weat down the wind came np again all in a minute worse than ever. Away went one thing after another before we could tbiok about getting her right. Twas tremendous. ' ' Keep her up/ Bays the captain, * and give Hartey Point a clear berth,' says he. ' ' It don't xu&ke; no odds, cap'n,' says John ViDDicombe. 'Her time is come, air, and the Lord have mercy npon us.' 'A Rood sort o' man be was, too, that there Jobn Vinnicombe — a man thatfeared Gjpd and tried to do his duty always. Well, ftemtJieJe words was scarce out of his mouth before the captain springs up, 'Yew'm right John Vin nicombe. There's breakers not far ofi— hark !' Breakers there irae, right enough— we could bear them booming like great guns, coming plainer and plainer every minute We tried . with all our might to put her bead abont, bnt it was no good in the world. And we waB close agen them now. 'Tis one thing to tell about it sitting here— and quite another thing' for to be right there in the middle of it. The captain he tried to fire a signal, but be couldn't manage it. There was every man hearing his heart beating terrible. Well, down she staggered into tbe great trough of the sea —then a wave broke right over her. In a second more she struck. I was swept ofi in a minute aad carried in towards shore. I managed to get hold of a bit of a spar; but that was washed right away from me directly after, and almost all my clothes was stripped off like as if they was so much paper. I was flung -up against a rock and my eenaes almost knocked out ; but I just knew enough for to clutch hold of it sc well sb I could, and to clamber up out of the way a bit. X was in dreadful pain. My left arm was hurt so bad that I couldn't use it, and my bead was bleeding streams ; but I was thankful for to have my life. Once I thought I beard John Vinnicombe'-s voice and shouted. I fancied I beard a shout back again ; then it waa smothered and lost in tiie roar of the eeas. Yon see, I couldn't tell a bit how long I could keep there where I was. The wind waa howling about me like as if 'twas mad because I had got away ; and dark as it was, I could see the white foam \- of the breakers like a« if they were trying to jump after me. They came nearer and nearer, . bo 1 had to get up bo well as I could and feel about for to get higher up, I managed to ; climb somehow t'dl I got hold of a bit of grass — then Z knew that it was above the water mark. But I couldn't hang on there like that, the Btor.es slipping from under me, and all so weak and faint as I was too. Every minute the little strength I bad was going, and the pain got worse ; eo I made a desperate effort and struggled up to a place that seemed to me to be a footpath. Drenched, cold, and in awful pain I can just mind lying down there; and for ' what 1 know about my getting away, I might be tnere still. ' 'Evas the coast-gnard that found me. He went off to tbe farm-house close by and got .eonse help ; and they took me up and carried me into their place. The first thing I can mind is thinking X could hear the dreadful winds end 'the breakers there about me upon the rock. Then t»U of a sudden I opened my eyes, and there X was warm and snug in bed. And' tbere standing over me was my old master vritb bis kind face. ' ; *' * Why, 'tis Mr. Harris !' said I, staring. ''Why, Peter,' says hej ''this is a pretty way to come back to .see your old master — without any notice either, and to take us all unawares.' ._ . . ; ' I couldn't talk, but the sound o£ his voice seemed to do me good— 'twae the very place where I'd gone years, afore as parhh'prentice. What a heart he have a got to be sure, and the miBsifi too, and tbe young ladies. Well, they nursed me and brought me round very soon. Bnt there — I musn4t spin my yarn any longer. You see anybody might spend their OhiifiByroaB Eve in worse places titan outside of the Wivid,' ' Were the others all lost?' asked the gentle voice. ' All drowned, miaa, and none o' them was ever found either bat John Vinnicombe. He w&s; wedged in between a couple of rocks, I expect be reached the land and shouted to me, and then waB knocked against the rocks and stunned, and afterwards drowned. Inside of hie belt they found his Bible ; and the leaf was turned down to them words — I've very often looked npon them and thought abont them sjece then— Front the end of the earth will I cry unto Thee. iBhenmy heart is overwheljncd: lead me to the Sock that is higher than I.' 'WaB that my dear old friend Mr. Harris of Polduck ? ' I asked after a minute's silence, ' The very same, sir. Do you know him ?' ' Yes, indeed I do. And, you are right — 'twould be hard to match lam for a kind heart, or for broad shoulders either,' 'I often feel like coing back to the old place, for master would sure to find something for me— only when once you have a taken to the Eea you cant settle down to anything else. You feel all bo boxed up.' 'All bo what?' asked the little man of the skeleton voice, putting a very bony hand ap to bis ear. ' Eoxed up,' shouted the mariner at the top of his voice. ' Well, thank you,' said I— leading the way in a general chorus of Slacks, Chatixb V. ' Talk about being boxed-ap on Christmas Eve-I could tell a etory about that.' It was flte little man with that peculiar voice ; ' JuBt like a corncrake,' my sailor frierd whispered to me, and nothing could have hit more exactly tbe harsh, bard, grating Bound. As he «poke be leaned forward into the liitbt. A httte man- with ? singularly pincltd and withered face, and above it a very high and broadbrimmed hat. The ears projected outwards in such a way aB to suggest that their chief purpose was to support the headgear, which if they should fail would come down and extinguish him altogether. The large hollow eyes were opened aa if in a perpetual fright. Hia mouth was little and sunken, and he opened it always with a peouliar roundness— a deaf man would think that he was always saying 'Oh !' The chin was hidden away down under the many folds of the black kerchief that loosely wrapped his very thin neck. The rest of him was lost in daTk shadows. 'That was being boxed-up on Christmas Eve — no mistake about it,' the old man began again. 11 Ha, h8, ha !' exploded the cracker. 'Good, very good, uncommonly good. A Christmas box then.' ' What— does— he— say ?' asked the old man, putting his bony hand up to the projecting ear. ?? A Christmas box,' shouted a neghboring passenger. Speaking very slowly, and with a creaking hardness that quite grated on one's ears, the old man auked— '? What— does— he— mean 2' As nobody could explain, and as the cracker gentleman himself did not quite know, he shrank back and did not venture to interrupt for a time at least. Presently the little old man went on again— 'Yes, as I was saying — talk about being ' boxed np.' I could tell a story about that.' And we thought he waB going to begin at once. Bat the little old man only nodded his head, and waited so long that we had given up all hope of hearing it. Then he broke out quite suddenly. ?' 'Twaa when thejold equire died, back 22 year agone this very night. He died on the ijatnrdav, and they were forced to bury him on the Wednesday after. Well, Christmas Day that year waB on a Tuesday, and so what with that, and the Sunday coming in between, I had only a- got one clear day for to get the vault ready, and that was the Monday. ' The equire's vault is right in the shancel — there is generations of them lying there, and all their munyments so thick as ever they can be. *Vell, I'd been working all through the day Monday, sndlthoughtl would stay onabifc for to finish the j--b. ''Twas a wight old place for to be working all alone by your own self, sure enough ; and I could not get anybody else for to help, me — they was, all gone away for to spend the Chrutmas. The wind was blowing and bluster ing all about, and would keep coming in, moan ing and whispering all round the corners aad places, and the old oak pews would keep creaking in a ghastly way. And then up above rue there was a lot of dreadful old figures and faces a- watching me all the time, and never bo much as taking their eyes ofi me. The day was bo short that I was obliged to work on by candlelight, but I made up my mind that I would not stay much longer. Half- an hour or bo and I could finish the jnb, then I would lock up the place and be oil — glad enough to get out of it. ' Well, just while I was a- thinking of goine, who should come to the church bat the old sexton. He opened the door and held up his lantern, and looked all about. I called out from the vault that I was coming in a minute, and made sure that he heard me. Poor old fellow— he has been dead these years, aad I would not go for to say anything again' him. but there, he was uncommon stupid and blundering all his days— that he was. ' He's gone,' says be to himself, aad he pulled the door after him and locked it. I climbed out of the vault in a minute and ran to the door so fast aB I could, and halloaed with all my might. But it was too late. The door w&i; lecked and the man; was gone, ' Here's a place for anybody to spend his Christmas Eve,' I. says tomyeelf— 'and not a churchman neither,' I says. Well, I made up my mind that I would not stay if I could help it, so I went round and tried tbe doors, but there was no escape that way. Then I thought of the bells— if I could only get hold of one of them I would keep on ringing till somebody came No, the belfry door waa lecked. There I was then for the night, and that night Christmas Eve. too! The noises ail about Eeemed to getlouder, and it was jaat like as if they was laughing at me in the dark corners and behind the pillars. ' Well, I thought the best thing I could do was to work away so long as my candle held . out, and then for to make myself so comfortable aB ever I could in the squire's pew. So I set the candle np again, cliiiibed into the vault and tried to forget all about my dismal oid thoughts. Bat there— it was no good in the world. I began for to remember old stories that I had heard about the. old squire — tbe grandfather of this here one. How be bad never rested quiet in his grave, but used to walk tfas drive every night ; and bow they said that he had buried bis money about in the park for fear of the French, and how his ghost would come lor king for it. There— work do hard and so loud as ever I could, tbere waB the moanings snd creakioge and whisperings, and like laugh ing away behind the pillars. ' Well, I worked away for half an hour or so, and then tbe candle began for to flicker in the socket. A vf-ry little while and I should be in tbe dark. So I crept up out of the vault and made for the squire's great square pew that was clo-e alongside of it. I laid out the cushions on the floor ; and with a couple of etoola for pillows and a sheepskin mat to cover me. my bed was comfortable enouga. 'But there, it was a ghastly old place sure enough. My blood do run cold whenever I. do think about it. As the candle kept bobbing up, I could Bee just over me a hideous white figure with a great scythe in his hands — he ' jeerced to come nearer and nearer every time tbeilipbt let me see him— I couldn't help think ing either that his scythe began to move just like as if he was mowing with it. And when I looked away from that, it waa only to see a skuH grinning down upon me. I suppose it was tbe flickering of the candle, but it looked just like as if it was winking at me so much as to say, ' Only wait a bit, and we will show you something that will make you stare, Won't wejuBt?'' ' Ha ! ha ! ha !' tbe cracker gentleman went off in thecorner, making everybody jump, whilst the fat old lady nearly dropped the bundle and bandbox, and cried, ' Bless us !' It reemed as if the laugh had come from -ie skull. Fortunately the little old man did not. notice the interruption, bat went on in a hard grating voice 'Well, presently the old dock struck 9, clavging and banging for all the world like as if it was trying to wake up all the muney DcentB and figures about the place, and echoing snd ringing in the corners for ever so long. Then all of a sudden out goes the candle. ' I lay there tossing about and fancying- all kind of dreadful things, keeping my head covered xip. all the time that I might not see anything. How long I bad been lying there like that I cant tell, but all of a sudden there come a dim bind of a blueish light, and lit up all the church.' 'Dreadful creepy, isntit?' whispered the mother of tiie spoilt boy. The old man went on, his eyes staring as if he saw it' all, and his bony fingers helping toe description. ' The old equire was the first to. wake up— the oldest of them— he' with the big ruff around his neck and the short cloak and the sword at his side. And in a minute his wife stood np and took his arm— the Dame Eleanor she's called upoa the muneyment. And the two little dogs, they jumped ofi and walked alorJft behind eo natural aa life.' 'BleBBusJ' gasped the stout proprietor of the bundle, looking rather frightened. 'Then down came the white figure from ever my bead, and began for to mow with' .bis ecythe— to and fro. to and fro, as if for very life,. And as for that there dreadful skull, he just rolled himself down, somehow and* perched himself up on top of my toeB and grinned upon me, winking with all his might, tret with one eye and then with another. And besides that all the beads and figures and muneyments in the place were a- walking .about There was the old rector — I could see him so plain as anything, just bis head and front with no back to it. And there was a great long brass gentleman all in armor— he was quite flat and went walking and talking with the old rector in some outlandish gibberish — sort of French or Latin, I expect And there was the little carly beaded angels a flying about— little dears, all beads and winga they was, and nothing elep. 'I was dreadfully frightened, and could scarcely fetch a breath— and was afraid of my life that they would all of them find me : and I wished with all my heart that this here dreadful eknll would go away. Well, so he did. But be rolled about the place telling everybody that I was there—! could hear it quite plain. Then in a minute there they come, belter skelter, all rushing up round me fo bard aB ever they coold tear, and stood all grinning and pointing at me. The great brass gentleman, that wan all fiat— he poked me with his eword ; and the old rector began ' for to read the marryin' service over me quite solemn, and then aeked me the catechism. And that there dreadful white figure, he come nearer and nearer swinging his scythe close to my face. Then, in a minute they all fell upon me, and gripped me and shook ma about. And — and — well there, 'twas my old woman's voice a-calling out—' La, Jan, wake np do 'ee— However come 'ee to let that there stupid old chap lock 'es np in this here dismal place. Such a search as we have had for 'ee too.' ' It was a relief, an' no mistake, when I . found out 'twas only a dream. My wife and a neighbor had come with a lantern to look for me, and were almost frightened out of their wits when they saw me stretched out like that, in tbe squire's pew. Bnt tbere— talk about : being loxed up on a Christmas Ere, once ; in a lifetime is enough of that I can tell you.' We all thanked him very heartily, and very fondly too. for bis capital atory— all except the cracker gentleman, who .vhuperel that for bis part he epuldat abide such rubbish. Bat ' nobody could doubt the story a* they looked at tbe little *dd- nun's frightened eyes, and lietewd to that -strange skeleton voice. - Such a clatter nd goieip was there wlen he had done— everybody so glad to find a neigh bor's company in order to scare away the weird and ' ghastly' feelings of the story— that I quite despaired of any further enter tainment unless I led the way myself. Dash ing in during a moment's lull, I began — Chaptbb VI, There is no need for me to tell that tile at length, for it could not be the same. Sitting here by the fire, its flames dancing merrily, and amidst my books and papers one cannot write that story as it was told when tho3e blustering winds were thundering around us on that bleak road. Then one felt at once the tender ness and great love of tbe story, and there every heart opened to it. And yet it cannot fail to do us good if we will h6ar it with our inward ears and with our hearts. It waB away in a place like our own Corn wall, where the fierce storms swept in all the glory of their strength; howling over the mooi-Jands, rushing up the rugged heights, sweeping down Bttep valleys; gathering their scattered forces for a rush across the lowlands, then storming the bills -beyond; until broken and scattered by the walls of some little village, the b3a-:t w-.nt moaning in chimney and doorway, rosricg aDgrilyat the window and on the roof as if ia search of its wild com pany. In euc!i a place it wai that a poor couple travelled onward, footsore and spent she, in a sorry plight for journeying; he, silent aad wondering. T&en; lite at night upon that Christmas Eve thfy reach the little place to find it cro svded. The inu ia full ; so every house ; the cheerless cave where cattle lay must be their lodging place. And there, in such a place, where was no fire to cheer, no bounty to gladden them, they spent their Christmas Eve. And there, where was no kindly neighbor to tend her in her pain, tbe blesf ed mother bare her Son— the Friend and Brother of us all. And now for ever dear to Him are all men. But not least dear upon this Christmas Eve are homeless ones who face bleak storms — un- sheltered from the winds aGd rain — poor men, and hapless women, and little unloved children, for whom no fire glows, no merry greetings come — ever on the Christmas Eve He thinks of there and pities them. As done unto Himself He takes the little bits of kindness to the Bad and Bick and poor. For every d%y the Holy Child is standing here amongst ua seeking room ; and asking from ub food and clothe3 and loving care. And again he coroeth bring ing with Him the true Christmas joy — not for the rich only, who offer costly gifts, but making everyone to hear the ringiag bells of heaven and the tidings of great joy who helpB as best he can to make more peace on earth, goodwill to men, and glory to our God. * * » * * As my brief sfcery ended a silence settled upon all the company less' promising even than their gossip. My Bailor friend wa3 already nodding asleep, aad altogether it seemed as if the chronicler of that evening's history would have to end here. But a sudden jolt and the stopping of the horse roused everybody's cdrioaity. ' Now then, Jlifsis Gritnble, yew'tfi come !' cried the driver, thrusting his wet and shining face indde tts curtain. ?'Bless us .r' cried the stonfc old lady spring ing up, and at the same time knocking down her bundle, bandbox, and big umbrella— puffing too, as if she were exseedingly hot, ' BleBB ub !' Her removal greatly aided to the general comfort and gave ub all a chance of stretching a bit. Trigg had mounted again, and we were on our way once more. ' Ha ! ha ! ha !' went off the cracker gentle man suddenly. 'Here, Trigg— the old lady has left something behind.' 'Whoa!' cried Trigg, reluctantly; for Alexander was bo relieved at tha lessened weight that in going down a slight incline he had actually broken out into what might almost be called a trot. ' Wioa 'Zander !' ' What is it ?' he asked, pushing Mb face inside the curtains, ' Ha 1 ha ! ha ! Her room tobe sure, Trigg —her room,' cried the facetious man. 'Gwsn 'Zander,' said Trigg, indignantly, whilst the little old mason put hi3 hand to his projecting ear and aeked in thai skeleton voice of his — ' Wbat-'doeB— he— say ?' It really was a difficult thing to explain, and aB nobody volunteered to do. so the old man sank back in the corner, only shaking his head very solemnly. The cracker gentleman, how ever, troubled us no more. '' Now 'Zander, take it easy^ my boy— wa can't help yon to-night, and I'm going inside a bit.' It waa Trigg who bad quite recovered his cheerinfees. Almost before he had done speaking he stepped into the van and made the reins fast to a crook where the curtains met. 'Got to the bottom cf the two-mile hill,' he explained, taking ofi his dripping sou-wester ; ' once we'm over that, then we'm past the worst of it,' Without a. word more of apology or intro duction he began at once. Chapteb YII. 'Yew'm right, gentlemen, yew*m right— there's woree places for a man tew spend Chrie'inftB Eve than the inside o'. the Wiwid, or'pon the outside either.' Then thrusting his face through the curtains he looked away into the darkness. ' Gwan 'Zander— good old oeb,' he cried .in an encouraging tone, and faced Mb audience once more.. ''TwaslS years agone this very night,' he began again, ' 'pon a Christmas Eve.' 1 fancied my pleasant spoken neighbor started. She certainly drew the veil more closely to her face; besides, she bad kept it np for a time and had only-drawn it down again the moment Ttigg prepared to come inside. And yet it muet be fancy only— what could ebe have to do with Trigg, or Trigg with her ? A pleasant fellow was Trigg, to whom you took a fancy at first sight. A. round, merry, weather-beaten face hiB was, fall of honesty and good-heartednesB. . . 'Fifteen year agone tbia very night,' he went on. 'Bless me, well! how the time dotb fly, to be sure ; it. seem'th but a twelve month. Well, I was living home then lang with mother. Ah, ber most broked her heart over me* her did. Thank God her got mended again though, and her's uncommon hearty now, sure enough, and so fine a woman as yew'll see, though I dew say it— as ought tew; and if all's well I'm off to-morrow mornin' afore daylight for to fetch her over to eat her Cfaris'mas dinner long wife as: Her'U be 77 if her live to next St Peter's faur.' Then Trigg looked out through the curtains, ' Gwan 'Zander, gwan old osb.' As he warmed to his story bis manner grew jerky, and towards the end of the sentence the thoughts and worcta came out with a sort of rueh that almost took one's breath away— it did bis altogether. 'Yew eee, it was like this yere. Yew'm always staying about to the public houses, a putting up and calling in to 'most every one of them, and what with the cold and the rain, iss, and the dost and the heat, and what with the passengers a saying ? Here, Trigg, do'ee come and bave a glaBB of something for to keep out the cold,' or else it would be 'Here, Trigg, 'tis oncommon thirBty weather, what will 'ee have?' So you see, long with one thing and another— there, I got into the way of it. and tfaafB how it began.' Again the head was throat outside the cur tain. 'Gwan 'Zander, gwan.' And so Trigg recovered ireath.to proceed with the story. ' Weil, you see what was only a little for to begin witb, now and then, and here and there. come to be a little more and a little of tener till , you do come to get into the way of going in a'moBt everywhere without thinking, and you So wait about without knowing, and you aren't particular to a glass or two more,, a-stopping , every place five minutes longer, and— well, there, it do go on like thet till yew'jn safe to come home dnenk.' . ? It was as if to hide his face outside in the darkneeB that the driver turned round this time — 'Gwan 'Zander, £wan old oss.' 'Well, then, there was dear old mother— there'd she'd bea-sitting np till twelve and one, waitin' and waitin' and instead of a blazing fire and a bit of hot supper like there will be tonight, there — you'd come home to an empty grate and an empty cupboard too ; and there the business a- slipping out of your fingers because they that could help'ee can't put no trust in 'ee and is 'most obliged for to give 'ee tip, and all the parcels a-muddled up that tbere as you'd think it was the pixies a-doiog it, snd all left to the wrong places like when this werry identical Mrs. Grimble, the monthly nurse, there was all her things tookt up to Parson Trevan, and he is a batcheldore tew, and his new suit of clothea waB left for this here werry Mrs Grimble, and all got for to be done over again.' Trigg drew a long breath as he looked out this time. '? Poor old 'Zander, then,' he said Kindly. 'Ah, friends, give thanks to God, do 'ee now, if yew and nobody belonging to 'ee don't know -what it dew mean for to be breaking the hearts of them that is more to 'ee than all the . world, and for to lose your own good name and to be a coming to rags, and the poor old oss not ' able for to get vitty [proper] victuals, and the bouse rent ail behind, and the harneaa a-breaking every day through being so rotten, and lotB of little things owing here and there, snd tbe old Wivid a disgrace to anybody for want of a coat of paint, and, and— and the. yonng woman as yew'm a-keeping company 'loop with acryiDg and a saying that her won't bave nothing to do with 'ee any longer, and all the time her don't like for to give 'ee np — the dear, and see 'ee go all to rack ?sd ruin, and, as Solomon do say, is a thing as do give red eyes to many more than them that do take the strongdrink.' Triftg dived through the curtain again, but this time there was no appeal to Alexander, only a vigorous clearing of his own throat as if BOtnetbiog rather choked him. ' Then tbe accidental as there used to be and tie narrow escapes, .and ute not deserving ?ny mercy once instead of hftviogrit over ana over, and the felting* off, and there— one time when Imii sleeping and I m run into and knocked off tbe abafts-aad broked my collar bone ; and there— another time through being all the wrong side I smashed up a pony trap which it took me ever bo long to pay for, and then all the parcels kept on a losing of them selves, and a- breaking all somehow afore you knew it, and the passengers a being carried on for rxiilee further than they was going to till they got there, and things all that contrairy and aggravating as made up my mind for to run away to California or somewhere, which I ehould have done but for the Wivid her own self and for mother— and — and — for Martha, because that would have broked her heart, for all her said her had gived me up.' ' Gwan 'Zander, gwan old osb,' cried Trigg, jerking the reins as if he himself were anxiou3 to get on to some brighter part of the story. ' Well, thiuers was going on like that there till this very night fifteen years agone, and by tbat time they was got so bad, well, there— they couldn't anyhow get no worse ; and I had started out with a load eo light as the ni«ht, which considering it was Christmas Eve and a full moon tew, was dreadful bad, and the night freezing sharp, and the horse through not being roughed a bit couldn't hardly get a foot hold, and there— though I weren't what you might call so uncommon bad, for all that I weren't nohow fit for to go 'long with the Wivid 'pon a night like that.' Then suddenly Trigg? stopped and looked out through the curtaia. Siy pleasant- spoken neighbor turned to look out, too, lifting her veil, and trying to peer into the darkness. ' Gwan 'Zinder, gwan,' cried the driver, still looking out as it he had made up his mind not to tell us any more, 'The rain haB stopped, I think,' I said to the young lady, thinking possibly her anxiety was abont the weather. But she did not hear me apparently, her eyes were still fixed upon the narrow opening between the curtains. Then suddenly Trigg drew backward j so suddenly that my interesting neighbor had scarcely time to Bnatch down the veil, aud she coughed a confused little cough that wa3 very BUBpiciouB, 'There !' cried Trigg, 'I thought I should see it, dark as it is, I never missed seeing it upon a Christmas Ese since then, and I reckon I never shall bo long as the Wivid do keep 'pon her lege or I be 'pon mine. That tbere was the wery identical place, and I never pass it night or morning, rain or fine, but I dcic thank God for it; and I do think about the little maid, blesr her, for you see it was like this yere — when I came to that spot I elipped my foot aad fell ; leastways, that i3 what they do say, and tbe oss he caught me with his hoof right in the forehead and went on aleaviDg me there in the middle o' the road and must bave been dead afore morning what with the cold and the loss of blood.' ' Gwan, 'Zander, gwan,' and thia time Trigg scarcely eo much as turned his head, * ? Well, who should be a coming along the road_ but Sir. Tremaine in here to Trefursey, a driving his little niece home for to ape id Christmas Day lot.g with the old couple, which he had a-picked her up a- coming home from market, and they came right upon me lyiag there in the middle of the road.' ' Gwan 'Zander, good old oss,' cried Trig? from inside the curtains, ' Well, he pulled up and come over, and when he feeled my band, so I've a heard mun eay, saith he, ' Trigg's dead,' said he, t'trere all so cold. BuS presently he fiad'th a bit of life in me still, and he knowed the Wivid werea't very far on, so he fling'th a rng over me and leaveth the little maid there for to rab my hands, while ha went on for to fetch the oss back again, so faBt as he could.' ??GwanjZander.1' ' Well, while he was gone I coma to for a bit and there in the clear moonlight I could Bee something drest in a white dress, and the h&ir; it looked like golden in the shining of the nioon, and it was a-bending over me, robbing life into me, andra-Baying all bo gentle and loving, 'Poor Trigg ! poor, poor Trigg !' aDd I can juet mind looking out aud thinking it rcDEt be an angel a corned for mother's sake, and then I a'pose I was off my head again.' 'Gwan old osb.' 'Well, Mr. Tremaine he found the Wivid very soon, and he brought her back and there, be and the little mail tney haa for to lift me inside and lay me 'pan the floor, and covered me up so well as they could; and there the little maid she had for to Bit and drive tbe van while Mr. Tremaine was a- taking care of his own oss and trap alongside.' 'Gwan 'Zander, gwan,' ' Well,. while he was goingalon?, I can mind it so well as if 'twas only yesterday, I coma to - myself again for a minute and looked up— there was tbe moonlight streaming right in, wonder ful blight, and tbere right in the middle of it was this here little maid a- driving, and her hair all gold like, fell down 'pon a sort of shining silver dress, seeming to me 15k9 it, and ?was a sort of white fur cloak, Martha do say ; arid- then she turns round and saith so pitiful, ' Poo* Trigg— poor, poor Trigg,' and I waa sure 'twas an angel then when ehe spoke eo pretty, an angel come for mother's sake.' ' Gwan, old ob?. gwan.' ' Well, they brought me home and put me to bid. There I was bad ror days and days ; a hard job 'twas for to pall me through, to, which tbe doctor do say it was all along with mother's good nursing, and mother do say it was all along with God's blessing; and taey'm both right, but so is ^Martha and me tejv, and we do'hold as it was long with that there little aDgel z- coming and speaking to me ia my dieams ; for there would be the dreadfallest, ghastliest old things come a grinning and mockinc me, and tben the little angel would come with her golden hair and the white shining dresp, and would drive them all away, and then she would say, 'Poor Trigg, poor, poor Trigg,' and I should feel all bo quiet and com fortable directly.' *' Gwan 'Zander, gwan,' and as Trigg spoke he didn't look out of the curtain at all, but wiped each eye carefully with his thumb-nail. ' There was one of them there flw^inq come true. *Tw&s; uncommon strange that there one was ; seeming like as if I was m some wishi oid place, and X waB all in rags, and I was knocked about dreadful ; and the oss waa nothing but skin and bone; and tbe Wivid. herself was enough for to break your heart, her were that them diegcacefol looking; and there was Martha, too, her were crying and wasting away terrible, and everything was so bad aa , ever it could be, an' then all of.a sadden there come this here little angel, and 'twaa just' like as if her was a- charming of ub, for herlook'th at me and says, 'Poor, poor Trigg.' and then her taketh hold o' Martha's hand, and Martha her etopped crying ia a minute;. -and there afore you. could so much. as oonnt ten there was the old.css in the shafts, and looking so well as ever, and there was Martha and me dreeeed in our Sunday beat, and her a- looking lovely, tew, and us was both riding inside of the Wivid ; her were done up beautiful, and there waB tbat there little angel a- Bitting up driving ub to cbureb for to.be— — ' 'Gwan, 'Zander j gwan, old oss,' and Trigs thrust his head out of the curtains and laughed aloud. 'And the dream it come true too, the very next Christmas Eve, leastwsy her went along with ub, the little maid did, all drest in white and with her golden, hair a looking lovely. And there, I haven't touched a drop of liquor since that,. and I don't mean to either.' ' Gwan, 'Zander, cwan, old osb, yew'm np the hill now,' and Trigg took down the reins from the crook. 'Put me down at Trefursey, Mr. Trigg, please,' Bald the young lady passenger, quietly . lifting ber veil. ' Why, la ! ' cried Trigg, turning round and gazing in astonishment, 'to think of it! why bless 'ee miss, and to think that I never heerd tell of your coming down. And there, to think if I bad left yew behind, and 'pon ' ChriBtmas Eve, tew. Please do'ee let me shake hands with'ee, miss ; and you'll come and see Martha, won't you, miss, and— — ' ; How long this would have lasted there is no telling ; but a loud voice brought the Vivil suddenly to a stop. ' Ho, there, Trigg ! have you got anybody lookicg out for me ? ' 'I*f, Mr. Tremaine, iss,' cried Trige, de lighted, 'here's the littl* angel, bless her — there, beg pardon, mis?, I do mean the yoang lady.' Nor was I sorry to h6ar that familiar voice, for Mr. Tremaine was to be my host, too ; and very pleasant was it, to me at least, to find that our acquaintance wae not to end with that — ' Christmas Eve in the ' Vivid.5 ' 