HOW JOHN NORTON KEPT HIS CHRISTMAS. BY "W. H. H. MURRAY. CHAPTER I.—JOHN NORTON'S CHRISTMAS Box. A Cabin. A cabin in the woods. In the cabin a great fire-place piled high with iogs fiercely ablaze. On either side of the broad hearthstone a hound sat on his haunches, looking gravely, as only a hound in a meditative mood can, into the glowing fire. In the centre of the cabin, whose every nook and corner was bright with the ruddy fire-light, Blood a wooden table, strongly built, and solid. At the table sat John Norton poring over a book—a book large of size, with wooden covers bound in leather, brown with age, and smooth as with the handliug of many generations. The whitened head of the old man was bowed over the broad page, on which one hand rested, with the forefinger marking the sentence. A cabin in the woods filled with firelight, a table, a book, an old man studying the book. This was the scene on Christmas-eve, Outside, the earth was white with snow, and in the blue sky above the snow was the white moon. • It says here,' said the trapper, speaking to himself ; «it says here,' Give to him that lacketh. and from him that hath not, withold not thine hand.' It be a good sayin' fur sartin, and the world would be a great deal better off, as I conceit, ef the folks follered the sayin' a leetle more closely.' And here the old man paused a moment, and with his hand still resting on the page, and his fore-finger still pointing at the sentence, seemed pondering what he had been reading. At last he broke the silence again saying: • Yis, the world would be a good deal better off, ef the folks in it follered the sayin';' and then he added ' There's another spot in the book I'd orter look at to-night; it's a good ways furder on, but I guess I can find it. Henry says that the furder on you git in the book the better it grows, and I conceit the boy may be right: for there be a great deal of murderin' and frightin' in the fore part of the book, that don't make pleasant readin', and what the Lord wanted to put it in far is a good deal more than a man without booklarnin' can undertsand. Murderin' be murderin', whether it be in the Bible or out of the Bible ; and puttin'it in the Bible and sayin'it was done by the Lord's commandment don't make it any better. And a good deal of fightin' they did in the old time was saitinly without reason and agin jedgment—specially where they killed the woman folk and the leetle uns ;' and while the old man had thus been communing with himself touching the character of much of the Old Testament, he had been turning the leaves until he reached the opening chapters of the New, and had eome to the description of the Saviour's birth, and the angelic announcement of it to the earth. Here he 'paused and began to read. He read as an old man unaccustomed to letters must read, slowly and with a show, of labour, but with perfect contentment as to his progress, and a brightening face. ' This isn't a trail that a man can hurry on onless he spends a good deal of his time on it, or is careless about notin' the signs, fur the words be weighty, and the man who stops at each word and looks round awhile orter git a good deal of the meanin' out of 'em —yis .a man orter travel this trail a leetle slow,ef he wants to see all there is to see on it.' Then the old man began to read ; ' Then there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host. The exact number isn't sot down here,' he muttered, * ' but I conceit there may have been three or four hundred, ' Praisin' God and singin', glory to God in the highest, and on earth, peace to men of goo3 will.' That's right,' said the trapper. ' Yis, peace to men of good will. That be tbe sort that desarve peace ; the other kind order stand their chances.' And here the old man closed the book ; closed it slowly, and with the care that we take of a treasured thing ; closed it, fastened the clasps, and carried it to the great chest whence he had taken it, putting it away in its place. Having done this he returned to his seat, and moving the chair in front of the fire, he looked first at one hound, and then at the other, and said : ' Pups, this be Christmas-eve, and I sartinly trust ye be grateful for the comforts ye have.' He said this deliberately, as if addressing human companions. The two hounds both turned their heads toward their master, looked placidly into his face, and wagged their tails, ' Yis, yis, I understand ye,' said the trapper. ' Ye both be comfortable, and I dare say that arter yer way ye be both grateful, fur, next to eatin 1 , a dog loves the heat, and ye be nigh enough to the logs to be toastin', Yis, this be Christmas-eve,' continued the old man, ' and in the settlements the folks be gittin' ready their gifts. The young people be tyin' up the evergreens, and the leetle uns be onable to sleep because of their dreamin'. It's a pleasant pictur', and I sartinly wish I could see the merry- makin's as Henry has told me of them, some time, but I trust it may be in his own house and with his own children/ With this pleasant remark, in respect to the one he loved so well, the old man lapsed into silence. But the peaceful contentment of his face, as the firelight revealed it, showed plainly that though his lips moved not, his mind was still active with pleasant thoughts of the one whose name he had mentioned, and whom he so fondly loved. At last a more sober look came to his countenance—a look of regret, of self-reproach, the look of a man who remembers something he should not have forgotten— and he said: ' I ax the Lord to pardin me that in the midst of my plenty I have forgot them that may be in want. The shanty sartinly looked open enough the last time I fetched tbe trail past the clearin', and though with the help of the moss and the clay in the bank she might make it comfortable, yit, ef the vagabond that be her husband has forgot bis own and desarted them as Wild Bill said he had, I doubt if there be victuals enough in the shanty to keep them from starvin'; yis, pups,' said the old man, rising,' it'll be a good tramp through the snow but we'll go in the mornin' and see e£ the old woman be in want. The boy himself said, when he stopped at the shanty last summer afore he went out, that he didn't see how they was to git through the winter, and I reckin he left the woman some money; by the way, she follered him toward the boat, and he told me to bear them in mind when the snow came, and eee to it they didn't suffer. I might as well get the ack basket out and begin to put the things in't, fur it E e a good distance, and an early start will make the day pleasant to the woman and the leetle uns, ef victuals be scant in the cupboard, Yis, I'll git the pack basket out, and look round a leetle, and see what 1 can find to take'em. I don't conceit it'll make much of a show, fur what might be good for a man won't be of sarvice to a woman,and at tar the leetle uns,I don't know ef I've got a single thing but victuals that'll fit 'em. Lord 1 ef I was near the settlaments I might swap a dozen skins fur jest what I wanted to give 'em ; but I'll git the basket out and look round and see what I've got.' In a moment a great pack basket had been placed in the middle of the floor, and the trapper was busy overhauling his stores to see what he could find that could make a fitting Christmas gift for those he was to visit on the morrow. A canister of tea was first deposited on the table, and after he had smelled of it and placed a few grains of it on his tongue, like a connoisseur, he proceeded to pour more than half of the contents into a little bark box, and having carefully tied the cover, he placed it in the basket. ' The yarb be of the best.' said the old man, putting his nose to the mouth of the canister and taking a long sniff before he inserted the stopple—' the yarb be of the best, fur the smell of it goes into the nose strong as mustard. That be good fur the woman fur sartin, and will cheer her sperits when she be down-hearted ; fur a woman takes as naterally to tea as an otter to his slide, and I warrant it'll be an amazin' comfort to her arter the day's work be over, more specially ef the work had been heavy and gone sorter crosswise. Yis, the yarb be good fur a woman when things go crosswise, and the box '11 be a great help to her many and many a night beyond douSt. The Lord sartinly had women in mind when he made the yarb, and a kindly feelin 1 fur their infarmities. and I dare say they be grateful accordin* to their knowledge.' A large cake of maple sugar followed the tea into the basket, and a small chest of honey accompanied it.' 'That's honest s'weetnin',' remarked the trapper, with decided emphasis : ' and that is more'n ye can say of the sugar of the settlements, leastwise ef a man can jedge by the stuff they peddle at the clearin'. The bees be no cheats : and a man who taps his own trees and biles the runnin' into sugar under his own eye, knows what kind of sweetnin' he's gettin'. The woman won't find any sand in her teeth when she takes a bite from that loaf, or stirs a leetle of the honey in the cup she's Bteepin'.' Some salt and pepper were next added to the package already in the basket. A sack of flour and another of Italian meal followed, a generous round of pork, and a bag of jerked venison, that would balance a twentypound weight at least, went into the pack. On these, several large-sized salmon-trout that had been smoked by the trapper's best skill were laid. These offerings evidently exhausted the old man's resources, for, after looking around awhile and searching the cupboard from bottom to top, he returned to the basket and contemplated it, with satisfaction, indeed, and yet with a face slightly shaded with disappointment ' The victuals be all right,' he said, ' fur there be enough to last 'em a month, and they needn't scrimp themselves either. But eatin' isn't all, and the leetle uns was nigh on naked the last time I saw 'em ; and the woman's dress, in spite of the patchin', looked as ef it would desart her ef she didn't keep a close eye on't. Lord I Lord 1 what shall I do ? fur there's room enough in the basket, and the woman and the little uns need garments—that is, it's more'n likely they do, and I haven't a garment in the cabin to take 'em.' ' Hillo I Hillo I John Norton! John Norton! Hillo!' The voice came sharp and clear, cutting keenly through the frosty air and the cabin walls. ' John Norton!' ' Wild Bill 1' exclaimed the trapper. ' I sartinly hope the vagabond hasn't been adrinkin. His voice sounds as if he was sober; but the chances be agin the signs, fur ef he isn't drunk, the marcy of the Lord or the scarcity of liquor has kept him from it. I'll go to the door and see what he wants. It's sartinly too cold to let a man stand in the holler long ; whether he be sober or drunk,'with which remark the trapper stepped to the door and fiung it open. « What is it, Wild Bill?—what is it ?' he called, 'Be ye drunk or be ye sober, that ye stand there shoutin' in the cold with a log cabin within a dozen rods of ye?' ' Sober, John Norton, sober. Sober as a Moravian preacher at a funeral; sober afore God.' ' Yer trappin' must have been mighty poor then, Wild Bill for the last month, or the Dutchman at the clearin' has watered his beer by a wrong measure for ence But n' ye be sober, why do ye stand there 'hoopin' like a Indian when the ambushment is onkivered and the bushes bealive with the knaves? Why don't ye come into the cabin like a sensible man, ef ye be sober? The signs be agin ye, Wild Bill—yis' the signs be agin ye.' 1 Come in the cabin !' retorted Bill. ' An, so I would mightily lively ef I could, but the load is heavy, and your path is as slippery as the plank over the creek at the Dutchman's when I've two horns aboard.' ' Load I What load have you began draggin through the woods ?' exclaimed the trapper. ' Ye talk as ef my cabin was the Dutchman's and ye was balancin' on the plank at this minit,' ' Come and see for yourself,' answered Wild Bill, ' and give me a lift. Once in your cabin, and in front of your fire, I'll answer all the questions you may ask. But I'll answer no more until I'm inside the door.' ' Ye be sartinly sober to-night,'answered the trapper, Jaughingly, as he started down the hill,' fur ye talk sense, and that's more'n a man can do when he talks through the nozzle of a bottle.' ' Lord-a-massy !' exclaimed the old man as he stood over the sled and saw the huge box that was on it. ' Lord-a- massy, Bill, what a tug ye must have had, and how ye come to be sober with sech a load behind ye is beyond the reckinin' of a man who has knowed ye nigh on this twenty year. I never knowed ye disapp'int one arter this fashion afore.' ' It is strange, I confess,' answered Wild Bill, appreciating the humour that lurked in the honesty of the old man s utterance. ' It is strange, that's a fact, for it's Christmas-eve, and I ought to be roaring drunk at the Dutchman's this very minit according to custom ; but I pledged him to get the box through jest as he wanted it done, and that I wouldn't touch a drop of liquor until I had done it. And here it is according to promise, for hero I am sober, and here is his box.' ' H'ist along, Bill, h'ist along!' exclaimed the trapper, who suddenly became alive with interest, for he surmised whence the box had come. ' H'ist along Bill, I say, and have done with yer talkin', and let's see what ye have got on yer sled. It's strange that q man of your sense will stand jibberin' here in the snow with a roaring fire within a dozen rods of ye.' Whatever retort Wild Bill may have contemplated, it was effectually prevented by the energy with which the trapper pushed the sled af*:er him. Indeed, it was all he could do to keep it off his'heels, so earnestly did the old man propel it from behind ; and so, with many a slip and scramble on the part of Wild Bill, and a continued muttering on the part of the trapper about the* nonsense of a man's jabberin in the snow arter a twenty-mile drag, with a good fire within a dozen rods of him,' the sled was shot through the doorway into the cabin, and stood fully revealed in-the bright blaze of the fire- lighf;, . ; 'Takeoff yer poat and yer moccasins, Wild Bill, exclaimed the trapper, at he dosed the door; ' and git in front of the fire; pull oat the coals and set the tea* pot a-steepin'. The yarb will take the chill out of ye better than the pisen of the Dutchman. Ye'll find a haunch of venison in the cupboard that I roasted today, and some Johnny-cake ; I doubt ef either be cold, Help yerself, help yerself, Bill while I take a peep at the box. No one can appreciate the intensity of the old man's feelings in reference to the mysterious box, unless he calls'to mind the strictness with which he was wont to interpret and fulfil the duties of hospitality, To him the coming of a guest was a welcome event, and the service which the latter might require of the host both a sacred and pleasant obligation. To serve a guest with his own hand, which he did with a natural courtesy peculiar to himself, was his delight. Nor did it matter with him what the quality of the guest might be The wandering trapper or the yagabond Indian was served with a sincere attention as the richest visitor from the city. But now his feelings were so stirred by the sight of the box thus strangely brought to him, and by the surmise touching who the sender might be, that Wild Bill was left to help himself without the old man's attendance. It was evident that Bill was equal to the occasion, and was not aware of the slightest neglect, At least his actions were not by the neglect of the trapper rendered less decidcd, or the quality of his appetite affected, for the examination ne made of the old man's cupboard, and the familiarity with which he handled the contents, made it evident that he was not in the least abashed or uncertain how to proceed, for he attacked the provisions with the energy of a man who had fasted long, and who has at least not only come suddenly to an ample supply of food, but also feels that for a few moments at least he will be unobserved. The trapper turned toward the box and approached it for a deliberate examination. ' The boards be sawed,' he said, ' and they come from the mills of the settlements, for the smoothin'- plane has been over 'em,' Then he inspected the jointing, and noted how truly the edges were drawn. ' The box has come a goodly distance,' he said to himself,' fur there isn't a workman this side of the Horicon that could jint it in that fashioa. There 6artinly orter be some letterin', or a leetle bit of writin' somewhere about the chist, tellin' who the box belonged to and who it was sent to.' Saying this, the old man unlashed the box from the sled and rolled it over, so that the side might come uppermost, As no direction appeared on the smoothly planed surface, he rolled it half over again. A little white card neatly tacked to the board was now revealed. The trapper stooped, and on the card read ; JOHN NOBI ON, To the care of WUd Bill. ' Fis. the ' J' be his'n,' muttered the old man, as he spelled out the word J-o-h-n, 'and the big ' N' be as plain as an otter trail in the snow. The boy don't make his letters over-plain, as I conceit, but the ' J ' and the ' N' be his'n,' And then he paused for a full minute, his head bowed over the box. ' The boy don't forgit,' he murmured, and he wiped his eyes with the backs of his hands. ' The boy don't forgit.' And then he added,' No he isn't one of the forgittin' kind. Wild Bill,' said the trapper, as he turned toward that personage, whose attack on the venison haunch was as determined as ever—'Wild Bill, this box be from Henry 1' 'I shouldn't wonder,' answered that individual speaking from a mass of edibles that filled the mouth. 'Andit be a Christmas gift! 1 continued the old man, ' It looks so,' returned Bill, as laconically as before. ' And it be a mighty heavy box I' said the trapper. ' You'd a thought so if you had dragged it over the mile and a half carry. It was good sleddin' on the river, but the carry took the stuff out of me.' ' Very like, very like.' responded the trapper ; ' fur the gullies be deep on the carry, and it must have been slippery haulin'. Didn't ye git a leetle arnest in yer feelings Bill, afore ye got to the top of the last ridge V • Old man,' answered Bill, as he wheeled his chair toward the trapper, with a pint cup of tea in the one hand and wiping his moustache with the coat sleeve of the other,' I got it to the top three times, or within a dozen feet from the top, and each time it got away from me and went to the bottom again ; for the roots was slippery, and I couldn't git a grip on the toe of my mocassins ; but I held on the rope, and I got to the bottom neck and neck with the sled every time.' ' Ye did well, ye did well,' responded the trapper, laughing ; ' fur a loaded sled goes down hill mighty fast when the slide is steep, and a man who gits to the bottom as quick as the sled must have a good grip, and be considerable in arnest. But ye got her up finally by the same path, did ye ?' 'Yes, I got her up,' returned Bill. 'The fourth time I went for the ridge I fetched her to the top, for I was madder than a hornet,' ' And what did ye do, Bill V continued the trapper ; what did ye do when ye got to the top ?' ' I jist tied that sled to a sapling so it wouldn't git away agin, and I got on to the top of that box, and I talked to that gulch a minit or two in a way that satisfied my feelings.' ' I shouldn't wonder,' aaswered the trapper, laughing, ' fur ye must have been a good deal riled. But ye did well to get the box through, and ye got it here in time, and ye've arnt yer wages, and now ef ye'll tell me how much I am to pay ye, ye shall have yer money, and ye needn't scrimp perself on the price, Wild Bill, fur the drag has been a hard un ; so tell me yer price and I'll count yer out the money.' 1 Old man,' answered Bill,' I didn't bring that box through for money, and I won't take a ' Perhaps Wild Bill was about to emphasize his refusal by some verbal addition to the Bimple statement, but if it was his intention he checked himself, and said' a cent 1 ' 'It's well said,' answered the trapper ; 'yis, it's well said, and does jestice to yerfeelin's I don't doubt; but an extra pair of breeches one of these; days wouldn't hurt ye, and the money won't come amiss.' 'I tell ye, old man,' returned Wild Bill, earnestly, " I won't take a cent. I'll allow there's several colours in my trousers, for I've patched in a dozen different pieces off and on, and I doubt, as ye hint, if the patching holds together much longer, but I've eaten at your table and slept in your cabin more than once, John Norton, and whether I've come to it drunk or sober, your door was never shut in my face, and I don't forget either that the man who sent you that box fished me from the creek one day when I had walked into it with two bottles of the Dutchman's whisky in my pocket, and not one cent of your money or his will I take for bringing the box in to you' .' Have it yer own way ef ye will,' said the trapper, • but I won't forgit the deed ye have did, and the -boy won't forgit it neither. Come, let's clear away the I victuals, and we'll open the box. It's sartinly a big un, and I would like to see what he has put inside of it.' The opening of the box was a spectacle such as gladdens the heart to see. At such moments the countenance of the trapper was as facile in the changefulness of its expression as that of a child. The passing feelings of his soul found an adequate mirror in his face, as the white clouds of a summer day find full reflection in the depths of the tranquil lake. He was not too old or too learned to be wise, for the wisdom of hearty happiness was his—the wisdom of being glad, and gladly showing it. As for Wild Bill, the best of his nature was in the ascendant, and with the curiosity and pleasure of a child, and a happiness as sincere as if the box was his own, he assisted at the opening. ' The man who made this box did the work in a workman-like fashion,' said the trapper, as he strove to insert the edge of his hatchet into the jointing of the cover,' fur he shet these boards together like the teeth of a bear-trap when the bars be well 'iled. It's a pity the boy did not send him along with the box, Wild Bill, fur it sartinly looks as ef we should have to kindle a fire on it and burn a hole through the cover. I hope the boy didn't have to pay fur all these nails, fur they be thicker'n quills on a turkey's back when the feathers be growinV At last, by dint of great exertion, and with the assistance of Wild Bill and the poker, the cover of the box was wrenched off, and the contents were partially revealed. ' Glory to God, Wild Bill 1' exclaimed the trapper, ' Here be yer breeches!' add he held up a pair o£ pantaloons made of the stoutest Scotch stuff. * Yis, here be yer breeches, fur here on the waistband be pinned a bit of paper, and on it written, '• Fur Wild Bill." And here be a vest to match ; and here be two pair of socks in the pockets of the jackct; and here be two woollen shirts, one packed away in each sleeve; and here!' shouted the old man, as he turned up the lapel of the coat— ' Wild Bill, look here 1 Here be a five dollar note I' and the old man swung one of the socks over his head and shouted' Hurrah for Wild Bill' And the two hounds catching the enthusiasm of their master, lifted their muzzles into the air, and bayed deep and long, till the cabin fairly shook with the joyful uproar of man and dogs. It is doubtful if any gift ever took the recipient more by surprise than this bestowed on Wild Bill. It is true that, judged by the law of strict deserts, the poor fellow had not deserved much of the world, and certainly the world had not forgotten to be strictly just in his case, for it had not given him much. It is a question if he had ever received a gift before in all his life; certainly not one of any considerable value. His reception of this generous and thoughtful (provision for his wants was characteristic both of his training and his nature. The old trapper, as he ended his cheering, flung the pantaloons, the vest, the jacket, the socks, the shirts, and the money into his lap. For a moment the poor fellow sat looking at the warm and costly garments he held in his hands, silent in an astonishment too profound for speech, and then, recovering the use of his organs, he gasped forth, ' I swear I' and then broke down and sobbed like a child. The trapper, kneeling beside the box, looked at the poor fellow with a face radiant with happiness, while his mouth was stretched with laughter, utterly unconscious that tears were brimming his own eyes. ' Old trapper,' said Wild Bill, rising to his feet and holding the garments forth in his hands,' this is the first present I ever received in my life. I have been kicked and cussed, sneered at and taunted, and I deserved it all. But no man ever gave me a lift, or showed he cared a cent whether I starved or froze, lived or died. You know, John Norton, what a fool I've been, and what has ruined me, and that when sober I'm more of a man than many that hoot at me. And here I swear, old man, that while a button is on this jacket, or two threads of these breeches hold together, I'll never touch a drop of liquor, sick or well, living or dying, so help me God ; and there's my hand on it!, ' Amen I' exclaimed the trapper, as he sprang to his feet and clasped in his own strong palm the hand that the other had stretched out to him. ' The Lord in His marcy be nigh when ye are tempted, and keep ye true to yer pledge 1' Of all the pleasant sights that the angels of God, looking from their high homes, saw on earth that Christmas-eve, perhaps not one was dearer in their eyes than the spectacle here described—the two men standing with their hands clasped in solemn pledge of the reformation of the one and the helping sympathy of the other, above that Christmas-box in the cabin in the woods. It is not necessary to follow in detail the trapper's further examination of the box. The readers' imagination, assisted by many a happy reminiscence, will enable them to realise the scene. There was a small keg of powder, a large plug of lead, a little chest of tea, a bag of sugar, and also one of coffee. There were nails, matches, thread, buttons, a woollen under-jacket, a pair of mittens, and a cap of choicest fur made of an otter's skin that Henry himself had trapped a year before. All these and other packages were taken out one by one, carefully examined, and characteristically commented on by the trapper, and passed to Wild Bill, who in turn inspected and commented on them, and then laid them carefully on the table. Beneath these packages was a thin board, constituting a sort of division between its upper and lower half. ' There seems to be a sort of cellar to this box,' said the trapper, as he sat looking at the division. 'I shouldn't be surprised ef the boy was in here somewhere, so be leady, Bill, for anything, for the Lord only knows what's underneath this board.' Saying which the old man thrust his hand under one end of the division, and pulled out a bundle loosely tied with a string, which became unfastened as the trapper lifted the roll from its place in the box, and as he shook it open and held its contents at arm's length up to the light, the startled eyes of Wild Bill and the earnest gaze of the trapper beheld a woman's dress. ' Heavens and arth, Bill,' exclaimed the trapper, ' what's this ?' And then a flash of light crossed his face, in the illumination of which the look of wonder vanished, and dropping on his knees, he flung the dividing board out of the box, and his companion and himself saw at a glance what it contained. Children's shoes and dresses of warmest stuffs ; tippets and mittens ; a full suit for a little boy, boots and all; a jack- knife and whistle ; two dolls dressed in brave finery, with flaxen hair and blue eyes ; a little hatchet; a huge ball of yam. and a hundred and one things needed in a household ; and underneath all a Bible ; and underneath that a silver star on a blue field, and pinned to the silk a scrap of paper on which was written, ' Hang this over the picture of tbe Lad.' 'Ay, av,' said the trapper, in a tremulous voice, as he looked at the silver star,' it shall be as ye say, boy; but the Lad has got beyond the clouds, and is walkm' a trail that is lighted from eend to eend by a light clearer and brighter than ever come from the shinin oi any star. I hope we may be found worthy to walk it with him, boy, when we have come to the edge ot the great clearin'.' To the trapper it wa» perfectly evident for whom the contents of the lower half of the box were intended ; but the sender had left nothing in doubt, for when the old man had lifted from the floor the board that he .had flung out he discovered some writing traced with heavy pencilling on the wood, and which without much effort he spelled out to Bill. • Give these on Christmas-day to the woman at the dismal hut, and a merry Christmas to you all.' 'Ay, ay,' said the trapper, 'it shall be did, barrin accidents, as ye say ; and a merry Christmas it'll make fur us all. Lord a-mussy, what mill the poor woman say when she and her leetle uns git these warm garments on ? There be no trouble about fillin' the basket now; no, Isartinly can't git half of the stuff in. Wild Bill, I guess ye'll have to do some more sleddin to-morrow, fur these presents must go over the mountain in the mornin',ef we have to harness up the pups. And then he told his companion of the poor woman and the children, and his intended visit to them on the morrow. . ' I fear,' he said, that they be havin' a hard time of it, specially ef her husband has desarted her.' ' Little good would he do her ef he was with her, answered Wild Bill,' for he's a lazy knave when he's sober, and a thief as well, as you and I know, John Norton ; for he's fingered our traps more than once, and swapped the skins for liquor at the Dutchman's ; but he's thieved once too many times, for the folks in the settlement has ketched him in the act, and they .put him in jail for six months, as I heard day before yesterday.' , ' I'm glad on't—yis, I'm glad on t,' answered the trapper ; ' and I hope they'll keep him there till they've larnt him how to work. I've had my eye on the knave fur a good while, and the last time I ssed him I told him ef he fingered any more of my traps I'd lam him the commandments in a way he wouldn't forgit, and as I had him in hand, and felt a leetle like talkin' that mornin', I gave him a piece of my mind, techin' his treatment of his wife and leetle uns, that he didn't relish, I fancy, fur he winced and squirmed like a fox in a trap. Yis, I'm glad they've got the knave, and 1 hope they'll keep him till he's answered for his misdoin'; but I'm sartinly afeerd the poor woman be havin' a hard time of it.' ' I fear so too,' answered Wild Bill.' and if I can do anything to help you in your plans, jest say the word, and I'm your man to back or haul jest as you want me.' And so it was arranged that they should go over the mountain together on the morrow, and take the provisions and the gifts that were in the box to the poor woman ; and after talking awhile of the happiness their visit would give, the two men, happy in their thoughts, and with their hearts full of that peace which passeth the understanding of the selfish, laid -themselves down to sleep ; and over the two—the one drawing to the close of an honorable and well-spent life, the other standing at the middle cf a hitherto useless existence, but facing the future with a noble resolution—over the two, as they Elept, the angels of Christmas kept watch. CHAPTER II.—A LAST RESORT On the other side of the mountain stood the dismal hut; and the stars of that blessed eve had shone down upon the lonely clearing in which it stood, and the soft •white surface of the frozen and snow-covered lake which lay in front of it, as brightly as they had shone on the cabin of the trapper ; but no friendly step had made its trail in the surrounding snow, and no blessed gift had. been brought to its solitary door. As the evening wore on, the great clearing round about it remained drearily void of sound or motion, •and filled only with the white stillness of the frostysnow-lighted night. Once, indeed, a wolf stole from underneath the dark balsams into the white silence, and running up a huge log that lay aslant a ledge of rocks, looked across and round the great opening in the woods, stood a moment, then gave a shivering sort of a yelp, and scuttled back under the shadows ot the forest, as if its darknes3 was warmer than the frozen stillness of the open space. An owl, perched some- -where amid the pine-tops, snug and warm within tfce cover of its arctic plumage, engaged from time to time in solemn gossip with some neighbour that lived on the opposite shore of the lake. And once a raven, roosting on the dry bough of a lightning-blasted pine, dreamed that the white moonlight was the light of dawn, and began to stir his sable wings and croak a harsh welcome; but awakened by his blunder, and ashamed of his mistake, he broke off in the midst of his discordant call, p.ud again settled gloomily down amid "his black plumes to his (interrupted repose, making by his sudden silence the surrounding silence more silent than before. It seemed as if the very angels, who, we are taught, fly abroad all over the earth that blessed night, carrying gifts to every household, had forgotten the cabin in the woods, and had left it to the cold hospitality of unsympathetic nature. Within the lonely hut, which seemed forgotten of heaven itself, sat a woman huddling her young—two .girls and a boy. The fireplace was of monstrous dimensions, and the chimney yawned upward so widely that one looking up the sooty passage might see the •stars shining overhead. A little fire burnt feebly in the huge stone recess ; scant warmth might such a fire yield kindled in such a fireplace, to those around it. Indeed the little flame seemed conscious of its own inability. and burned with a wavering and mistrustful flicker, as if it was discouraged in view of the task set before it, and had more than half concluded to go out altogether. The cabin was of largesize, and undivided into apart ments. The little fire was only able to illuminate the •central section, and more than half the room was hidden in utter darkness. The woman's face, which the faint flame over which she was crouched revealed with painful clearness, showed pale and haggard. The induration of exposure and the lines of hunger sharpened and marred a countenance which a happy fortune would have kept even comely. It had that old look about it which comes from wretchedness rather than age, and the weariness of her face was pitiful to see. Was it work or vain waiting for happier fortunes that made her look so tirsd ? Alas1 the weariness of waiting for what we long for, but never comes ? Is it the work or the longing—the long longing—that has put the silver into your head, friend, aqd scarred the smooth bloom of your cheeks with those ugly lines ? «Mother, I'm hungry,' said the little boy, looking up into the woman's face. ' Can't I have just a little more toeat ?' < Be still.' answered the woman, sharply, speaking in tones of sharp inability. ' I've given you almost the last morsel in the house.' The boy said nothing more, but nestled up more closely to his mother's knee, and stuck one little stockingless foot out until the cold toes were half hidden in the ashes. Oh, warmth I blessed warmth 1 how pleas ant art thou to old and young alike 1 Thou art the emblem of life, as thy absence is the evidence aud sign of life's cold opposite. Would that all the cold toes in the world could get to my grate to-night, and all the shivering ones be gathered to this fire-side! Aye, and that the children of poverty that lack for bread might get their hungry hands into that wellfilled cupboard there, too I In a moment the woman said,' You children bad better go to bed. You'll be warmer in the rags than in this miserable fire-place.' The words were harshly spoken, as if the very presence of the children, cold and hungry as they were, was a vexation to her, and they moved off in obedience to her command. Oh, cursed poverty ; I know thee to be of Satan, for I myself have eaten "at thy scant table, and slept in thy cold bed. And never yet have I seen thee bring one smile to human lips, or dry one tear as it fell from a human eye. But I have seen thee sharpen the tongue for biting speech, and harden the tender heart. Aye, I've seen thee make even the presence of love a burden, and cause the mother to wish that the babe nursing at her scant breast had never been bcrn. And so the children went to their unsightly bed, and silence reigned in the hht, And again there was silence, Happy is childhood that amid whatever deprivation and misery it can so weary itself in the day that when night comes on it can lose in the forgetfulness of slumber its sorrows and wants! Thus, while the children lost the sense of their unhappy surroundings, including the keen pangs of hunger, for a time, and under the tattered blankets that covered them saw, perhaps, visions of enchanting lands and in their dreams feasted at those ;wonderful tables which hungry children see only in sleep, to the poor woman sitting at the failing fire there came no surcease of sorrow, and no vision threw even an evan- escent brightness over the hard cold facts of her surroundings. And the reality of her condition was dire enough, God knows. Alone in the wilderness, miles from any human habitation, the trails covered deep with snow, her provisions exhausted, actual suffering already upon them, and starvation staring them blankly in the face. No wonder that her soul sank within her ; no wonder that her thoughts turned toward bittterness! ' Yes, it's Christmas- eve,' she muttered, 'and the rich will keep it gaily. God sends them presents enough, but you see if He remembers me I Oh, they may talk about the angels of Christmas-eve flying abroad tonight loaded with gifts, but they'll fly mighty high over this shanty ; no, they won't even drop a piece of meat as they soar past.' And so she sat muttering and moaning over her woes, and they were heavy enough— too heavy for her, poor soul, unassisted, to lift—while the flame on the hearth grew thinner and thinner, until it had no more warmth in it than the shadow of a ghost, and, like its semblance, was about to flit and fade away. At last she said in a softened lone, as if the remembrance of the Christmas legend had softened her surly thoughts and sweetened the bitter mood: ' Perhaps I'm wrong to take on so. Perhaps it isn't God's fault that I and my children are deserted and starving. But why should the innocent be punished for the guilty, and why should the wicked have enough and to spare while those who do no evil go half nakei and starved ? ' Alas! poor woman, that puzzle has puzzled many be' •ides thee, and many lips besides thine have asked that question, querulously or entreatingly, many a time ; but whether they asked it in vexation and rebellion of spirit, or humbly besought Heaven to answer, to neither murmur nor prayer did Heaven vouchsafe a response. Is it because we are so small, or because, being small, we are so inquisitive, that the Great Oracle of the blue remains so dumb, when we cry ? At this point the poor little flame, as if unable to abide the cold much longer, flared fitfully, and uneasily shifted itself from brand to brand, threatening with many a flicker to go out; but the woman, with her elbows on her kneess, and her face settled firmly between her hands, still sat with eyes that saw not the feeble flame at which they so steadily gazed I will do it—I will do it.' she suddenly exclaimed. ' I will make one more effort. They shall not starve while I have strength to try. Perhaps God will aid They say He always does at the last pinch, and He certainly sees that I am there now. I wonder if He's been waiting for me to get just where I am be fore He helped me ? There is one more charge left, and I'll make the trial. I'll go down to the shore to where I saw the big tracks in the snow. It's a long way, but I shall get there somehow. If God is going to be good to me, He won't let me freeze or faint on the way. Yes, I'll creep into bed now, and try to get a little sleep, for I must be strong in the morning.' And with these words the poor woman crept off to her bed, and burrowed down, more like an animal than a human fcbeing, beside her little ones, as they lay, huddled close together and asleep, deep down in the What angel was it that followed her to her miserable couch, and stirred kindly feelings in her bosom ? Some one, surely; for she shortly lifted herself to a sitting posture, and gently drawing down the old blanket with which the children had wrapped their heads, looked as only a mother might at the three little faces lying side by side, and bending tenderly over them she placed a gentle kiss upon the forehead of each then she nestled down again in her own place, and 3aid, 'Perhaps God will help me." And with this sentence, half a prayer and half a doubt, born on the one hand from that sweet faith which never quite deserts a woman's bosom, and on the other from that bitter experience which had made her seem, in her own eyes, derserted of God, she fell asleep. She, too, dreamed ; but her dreaming was only the rolongation of her waking thoughts ; for only after Eer eyes closed she moved uneasily on her hard couch, and muttered,' Perhaps God will. God—' Sad is it for us who are old enough to have tasted the bitterness of that cup which life sooner or later presents to all lips, and have borne the burden of its toil and fretting, that our vexations and disappointments pursue us even in our slumber, disturbing our sleep with reproaehful visions and the sound of voices whose upbraiding robs us of our otherwise peaceful repose. Perhaps somewhere in the years to come, after much wandering and and weariness, guided of God, we may come to that fountain of which the ancients dreamed, and for which the noblest among them sought so long, and died seeking : plunging into which we shall find our lost youth in its cool depths, and rising refreshed and strengthened, shall go on our eternal journey reclothed with the beauty, the innocence, and the happiness of youth. The poor woman slept uneasily, and with much muttering to herself; but the rapid hours slid noiselessly down the icy groves of night, and soon the cold morning put its white face against the frozen windows of the east, and peered shiveringly forth. Who eays the earth cannot look as cold and forbidding as the human countenance? The sky hung over the frozen world like a dome of grey steel whose invisibly matched plates were riveted here and there by a white gleaming stars. The surface of the snow sparkled with crystals that flashed colourlessly cold. The air seemed armed and full of sharp eager points that pricked the skin painfully. The great tree trunks cracked their sharp protests against the frosty entrances being made beneath their bark. The lake, from underneath the smothering ice, roared in dismay and pain, and sent the thunders of its wrath at its imprisonment around the resounding shores. A bitter morn, a bitter morn— ah me 1 a bitter morn for the poor 1 The woman, wakened by the grey light, moved in the depths of the tattered blankets, sat upright, rubbed her eyes with her hands, looked about her as if to rerecall her scattered senses, and then, as thought returned, crept stealthily out cf the hole in which she had lain, that she might not wake the children, who coiled together, slumbered on, still closely clasped in the arms of bles3ed unconsciousness. ' They had better sleep,' she said to herself. ' If I fail to" bring this meat, I would they may never wake.' If the poor woman could only have foreseen the bitter disappointment, or that other something which the future was to bring her, would she have made that prayer ? Is it best for us, as some say, that we cannot see what is coming, but must weep on until the last tear is shed, uncheered by the sweet fortune so nigh, or laugh unchecked until the happy tones are mingled with and smothered by the rising moan ? Is it best 1 I wonder. She naiselessly gathered together what additions she could make to her garment, and then, taking down the rifle from its hangings, opened the door, and stepped forth into the outer cold. There was a look of brave determination in her eyes as she faced the chflly greeting the world gave her, and with more of hopefulness than had before appeared upon her countenance, she struck bravely off along the lake shore, which at this point receded toward the mountain. For an hour she kept steadily on, with her eyes constantly on the alert for the least sign of the wished and prayed for game. Suddenly she stopped, and crouched down in the snow, peering straight ahead. Well might she seek concealment, for there, standing on a point of land that jutted sharply out into the lake, not forty rods away, unscreened and plain to view, stood a buck of such goodly proportions as one even in years of hunting might not see. The woman's eyes fairly gleamed as she saw the noble animal standing thus ia full sight, but who may tell the agony of fear and hope that filled her bosom 1 The buck stood lordly erect, facing the east, as if he would do homage to or receive homage from the rising sun, whose yellow beams fell full upon his uplifted front. The thought of her mind, the "fear of her heart were plain. The buck would soon move; when he moved which way would he move ? Would he go from or come toward her ? Would she get him, or would she lose him ? Oh, the agony of her thought 1 4 God of the starving,' burst from her quivering lips, let not my children die!' Jiany prayers more ornate rose that day to Him whose ears are open to all cries. But of all that prayed on that Christmas morn, whether with few words or many, surely no heart rose with the seeking words more earnestly than the poor woman kneeling, as she prayed, rifle in hand, amid the snow. • God of the starving, let not my children die !' That was her prayer; and as if in answer to her agonising petition, the buck turned and began to advance direetly toward her, browsing as he came. Once he stopped, looked around, and snuffed the air suspiciously. Had he scented her presence, and would he bound away? Should she fire now? No; her judg- ment told her she could not trust the gun or her aim a*- such a range. He must come nigher—come even to the big maple and stand there, not ten rods away ; then she felt sure she should get him. So she waited. How the cold ate into her ! How her teeth chattered as the chills ran their torturing courses through her shivering frame! But still she clutched the cold barrel, and still she watched and waited, and still she prayed ' God of the starving, let not my children die I' Alas, poor woman 1 My own body shivers as I think of thine, and my pen falters to write what misery befell thee on that wretched morn. Did the buck turn ? Did he, having come thus tantalisingly near, retrace his steps ? No, he continued to advance. Had heaven heard her prayer ? Her soul answered it had ; and with such feelings in it toward Him to whom she had appealed as she had irat felt in all her life before, she steadied herself for the shot. For even as she had prayed the deer came on—came on to the big maple, and lifted his muzzle to its highest reach to seize with his tongue a thin streamer of moss that lay against the smooth bark. There he stood, his blue- brown side full toward her, unconscious of her presence. Noiselessly she cocked the piece. Noiselessly she raised it to her face, and with every nerve drawn to its tightest tension, sighted the noble game, and fired. Had the frosty air watered her eye ? Was it a tear of joy and gratitude that dimmed the clearness of its sight ? or were the half-frozen fingers unable to steady the cold barrel at the instant of its explosion ? We know not : we only know that in spite of prayer, in spite of noblest effort, she missed the gamel For, as the rifle cracked, the buck gave a snort of fear, and with swift bounds flew up the mountain, while the poor woman, dropping the gun with a groan, fell fainting on the snow. CHAPTEB III.—THE CHRISTMAS FEAST. At the same moment the rifle sounded, two men, the trapper with his pack and Wild Bill with his sled heavily loaded, were descending the western slope of the mountain, not a mile from the clearing in which stood the lonely cabin. The sound of the piece brought them to a halt as quickly as if the bullet had cut through the air in front of their faces. For several minutes both stood in the attitude of listening. Down into the snow with ye, pups I' exclaimed the trapper in a hoarse whisper. ' Down into the snow with ye, I say! Rover, ef ye lift yer muzzle agin I'll warm yer back with the ramrod. By the Lord, Bill, the buck is comin' this way; ye can see his horns lift above the leetle balsams as he breaks through the thicket yonder. Ef he strikes the runway he'll sar tinly come within range ; and the old trapper slipped his arms from the pack, and lowering it to the earth sank on his knees beside it, where he waited as motionless as if the breath had departed his body. Onward came the game. As the trapper had suggested, the buck with mighty and far-reaching bounds clearing the shrubby obstructions, and, entenng the runway, tore up the familiar path with the violence of a tornado. Onward be came, his head flung upward, his antlers laid well baek, tongue lolling from his month, and his nostrils smoking with the hot breaths that burst in steaming columns from them. Not until hiB swift career had not only brought him within range, but had even carried him in front of his posi- tion, did the old man stir a muscle. But then, quick as the motion of the leaping game, his rifle jumped to his cheek, and even as the buck was at the central point of his leap, and suspended in the air, the piece cracked sharp and clear, and the deer, stricken to his death, fell with a crash to the ground. The quivering hound3 rose to their feet and bayed long and deep ; Wild Bill swung his hat and yelled; and for a moment the woods rang with the wild cries of dogs and man. ' Lord-a-massy, Bill, what a mouth ye have when ye open it I' exclaimed the trapper, as he leisurely poured the powder into the still smoking barrel. 'Atween ye and the pups, it's enough to drive a man crazy. I should sartinly think ye have never seed a deer shot afore by the way ye be actin.' I have seen a good many, as you know, John Norton, but I never saw one tumhled over by a single bullet when at the very top of his jump, as that one was. I surely thought you had waited too long, and I wouldn't have given a cent for your chances when you pulled. It was a wonderful shot, John Norton, and I would take just such another tramp as I have had to see you do it again, old an.' ' It wasn't bad,' returned the trapper ; no, it sartinly wasn't bad fur hj was goin' as ef the Old Harry was arterhim, I shouldn't wonder ef he had felt the tech of lead down there in the holler, and the smart of his hurt kept him flyin'. Let's go and look him over, and see ef we can't find the mar kin' of the bullet on him.' In a moment the two stood above the dead deer. ' It is as I thought,' said the trapper, as he pointed with his ramrod to a stain of blood on one of the hams of the buck. ' The bullet drove through his thigh here, but it didn't tech the bone, and was a sheer waste of lead, fur it only sot him goin' like an arrer. Bill, I satinly doubt,' continued the old man, as he measured the noble animal with his eye —'I sartinly doubt ef I ever seed a bigger deer. There's seven prongs on his horns, and I'd bet a horn of powder again a chargeful that he'd weigh three hundred pounds as he lies. Lord, what a Christmas gift he'll be fur the woman! The skin will make a blanket fit fur a queen to sleep under, and the meat, jediciously cared for, will last her all the winter. We must manage to git it the edge of the clearin' anyhow, or the wolves might make free with our venison, Bill. Yer sled is a strong un, and it'll bfar the loadin' ef ye go keerful.' The trapper and his companion set themselves to their task with the energy of men accustomed to surmount every obstacle, and in a short half-hour the sled with its double loading stopped at the door of the lonely cabin. ' I don't understand this, Wild Bill,' said the trapper. ' Here be a woman's tracks in the snow, and the door be left a little ajar, but there be no smoke in the chimney, and they sartinly ain't very noisy inside, I'll jest give a knock or two and see ef they be stirrin';' and suiting the action to the word, he knocked long and loud on the large door. But to his noisy summons there came no response, and without hesitation he shoved open the door and entered. ' God of mercy, Wild Bill,' exclaimed the trapper, " look in here I' A huge, room dimly lighted : holes in the roof; here and there a heap of snow on the floor ; an immense fire-place with no fire in it; and a group of scared, wild-looking children huddled together in the farther corner, like young and timid animals .that had fled in affright from the nest where they had slept, at some fearful intrusion. That is what the trapper saw ' I—' Whatever Wild Bill was about to say ; liis astonishment, and we may say his pity, were too profound for him to complete his ejaculation. ' Don't ye be afeered, leetle uns," said the trapper, as he advanced into the centre of the room to more fully survey the wretched place. ' This be Christmas morn, and me and Wild Bill ani the pups have come over the mountain to wish ye all a merry Christmas ; but where be yer mother ?' queried the old man, as he looked kindly at the startled group. ' We don't know where she is,' answered the older of the two girls ;' we thought she was in bed with us, till you woke us. We don't know where she has gone.' I have it, I have it, Wild Bill 1' exclaimed the trapper, whose eyes had been busy scanning the place while talking with the children. ' The rifle be gone from the hangings, and the tracks in the snow be hern. Yis, yis; I see it all. She went out in the hope of getting the leetle uas here somethin' to eat, and that was her rifle we heerd, and her bullet made that hole in the ham of the buck. What a disap'intment to the poor cretur when she seed she hadn't hit him! Her heart e'ena'most broke, I daresay. But the Lord was in it—leastwise He didn't go agin the proper shapin of things arterwards. Come, Bill, let's stir round lively and get the shanty in shape a leetle, and some victuals on the table afore she comes. Yis, git out yer axe, and slash into that dead beech at the corner of the cabin, while I sorter clean up inside. A fire is the fust thing on such a mornin' as this; so scurry round. Bill, and bring in the wood as ef ye was a good deal in arnest, and do ye cut to the measure of the fireplace, and don't waste yer time in shortenin' it, fur the longer the fireplace the longer the wood—that is, ef ye want to make it a heater.' His companion obeyed with alacrity, and by the time the trapper had eleaned out the snow and swept down the soot from the sides of the fireplace, and put things partially to rights, Bill had^stacked the dry logs into the huge ^opening nearly to the upper jamb, and with the help of some large sheets of birch bark kindled them frt to a flovno flame. ' Come flnmp here, liern leetle lppf.lp uns,' una.' said sairi the thp trnnner. trapper, as he turned his good-natured face towards the children—'come here and put yer leetle feet on the hearthstun, fur it's warmin' and I conceit yer toes be about freezin'.' It was not in the power of children to withstand the attraction of such an invitation, extended with such a hearty voice and such benevolence of feature. The children came promptly forward ani stood in a row on the great stone and warmed their little shivering bodies by the abundant flames. • Now, leetle folks,' said the trapper,' jest git yerselves well warmed, then get on what clothes ye've got, iand we'll have some breakfast—-yis, we'll have breakfast ready by the time yer mother gits back, fur I know where she,be gone, and she'll be hungry and cold when she gits in. I don't conceit that this little chap here can help much, but ye girls be big enough to help a good deal. So when ye be warm, do ye put away the bed to the furderest corner, and shove out the table in front of the fire, and put on the dishes, sech as ye have, and and be smart about it too. fur yer mother will sartinly be comin' soon, and we must be ahead of her with thd cookin'.' What a change the next half-hour made in the appearance of the cabin 1 The huge fire bent its heat to the farthest corner of the great room. The miserable bed had been removed out of sight, and the table,drawft. up in front of the Are, was set with the needed dishw. On the hearth-stone a large platter of venison steaks, broiled by the trapper's skill, simmered in the heat. A. mighty pile of cakes, brown to a turn, flanked one b Bide, while a stack o£ potatoes, baked in the ashes, supported the other. The tea-pot sent forth its refreshing h odour through the room. The children with their faces t washed and hair, partially at least combed, ran about tfaf with bare feet on the warm floor, comfortable and happy. To them it was as a beautiful dream. The breakfast was ready, and the visitors sat waiting for the coming of her to whose assistance the angel of Christmas Eve had sent them. "' Sh 1" whispered the trapper, whose quick ear had caught the sound of a dragging step in the snow. 'She's cominV Too weary and faint, too sick of heart and exhausted in body, to observe the unaccustomed signs of human presence around her dwelling, the poor woman dragged herself to the door and opened it. The gun she still held in her hand fell rattling to the floor, and with eyes •wildly opened she gazed bewildered at the spectacle. The blazing fire, the set table, the food on the hearthstone, the smiling children, the two men 1 She passed her hands across her eyes as one waking from sleep. Was she dreaming ? Was this cabin the miserable hut she had left at daybreak 1 Was that the same fireplace in front of whose cold cheerless recess she had crouched the night before ? And were those two strangers there men, or were they angels ? Was what she saw real, or was it only a fevered vision born of her weakness ? Her senses actually reeled to and fro, and she trem bled for a moment on*the verge of unconsciousness, Indeed, the shock was so overwhelming that in another instant she would have swooned and fallen to the floor, had not the growing faintness been checked by the sound of a human voice. 'A merry Christmas to ye, my good woman! said the trapper. ' A merry Christmas to ye and yours 1' The woman started as the hearty tones fell on her ear, and steadying herself by the door,she said, speaking as one partially dazed : ' Are you John Norton, the trapper, or are you an— 'Ye needn't sight agin,' interrupted the old man ' Yis, I'm old John Norton himself, nothing better and nothing wuss ; and the man in the chair here by my side is Wild Bill, and we've come over the mountain to wish ye a merry Christmas, ye and yer leetle uns, and help ye keep the day, and ye see we've been stirrin' a leetle in yer absence, and breakfast be waitin 1 . Wild Bill and me will jest go out and cut a leetle more wood while ye warm and wash yerself, and when ye be ready to eat ye may call us, and we'll see which can git into the house fust." So saying, the trapper, followed by his companion, passed out of the door, while the poor woman, without a word, moved toward the fire, and casting one look at her children at the table, at the food on the hearthstone, dropped on her knees by a chair, and buried her face in her hands . • I say 1' said Wild Bill to the trapper, as he crept softly away from the door, to which he had returned to shut it more closely—' I say, John Norton ! the woman is on her knees by a chair I' •Very likely, very likely,' returned the old man, reverently, and then he began to chop vigorously at a huge log, with his back toward his com rade. Perhaps some of you who read this tale will come some time, when weary and heart-sick, to something drearier than an empty house; some bleak, cold day, some lonely morn, and with a starving heart and benumbed soul—aye, and empty-handed, too—enter in only to find it swept and garnished, and what you most needed and longed for waiting for you. Then will you, too, drop upon your knees, and cover your face with your hands,ashamed that you had murmured against the hardness of your lot, or forgot the goodness of flim who suffered you to be tried only that you may more fully appreciate the triumph. ' My good woman,' Eaid the trapper when the break fast was eaten,' we've come, as we said, to spend the day with you, and accordin' to custom—and a pleasant 'un it be for sartin—we've bought ye some presents. A good many of them come from him who called on ye, as he and me passed through the lake last fall. I daresay ye remember him, and he sartinly has remembered ye. And last evenin', when I was making up a leetle pack to bring ye myself, fur I conceited I had better come over and spend the day with you, Wild Bill came to my door with a box on his sled that the boy had sent in from his home in the city, and in the box he had put a good many presents fur him and me ; and in the lower half of the box he had put a great many presents fur ye and the leetle 'uns, and we've brought them all over with us. Some of the things be for eatin' and some of them be for wearin'; and that there may be no misunderstanding I would say that all the things that be in the pack basket there, and all the things that be on the sled too. belong to ye ; and as I see the wood pile isn't a very big 'un fur this time of the year, Bill and me be goin' out to settle our breakfast a leetle with the axes. And while ye be gone I conceit ye had better rumage the things over, and them that be good for eatin' ye had better put in the cupboard, and them that be good for wearin' ye had better put on yerself and yer leetle uns ; aad then we'll all be ready to make a fair start. Fur this be Christmas-day, and we be goin' to keep it as it orter be kept. Ef we've had sorrers, we'll forget 'em, and we'll laugh, and we'll eat, and be merry. Fur this be Christmas, my good woman 1 Children, this be Christmas I Wild Bill, my boy, this be Christmas 1 And, pups, this be Christmas 1 And we'll laugh, and eat, and be merry!" The joyfulness of the old man was contagious. His happiness flowedover as waters flow over the rim of a fountain. Wild Bill laughed as he seized his axe ; the woman rose from the table smiling, the girls giggled, the little boy stamped, and the hounds, catching the Bpirit of their merry master, swung their tails round and bayed in canine gladness ; and amid the joyful uproar the old trapper spun himself out of the door, and chased Wild Bill through the snow like a boy. The dinner was to be served at two o'clock, and what a dinner it was. and what preparations proceeded I The enow had been shovelled from around the cabin. The holes in the roof roughly but effectually thatched. A good pile of wood was stacked in front of the doorway. The spring that bubbled from the bank had been cleared of ice, and a protection constructed over it. The huge buck had been dressed, and hung high above the reach of wolves. Cedar and balsam branches had been placed in the corners and along tbo sides of the room. Great sprays of the tasselled pine and the feathery tamarack were suspended from the ceiling. The table had been enlarged, and extra seats extemporised. The long- unused oven had been cleaned out, and under its vast dome the red flames flashed and rolled upward. What a change a few hours had brought to that lonely cabin and its wretched inmates I The woman, dressed in her new garments, her -hair smoothly combed, her face lighted with smiles, looked positively comely. The children, happy in their new clothes and their marvellous toys, danced round the room, wild with delight, while the little boy strutted about the floor in his new oots, proudly showing them to each person for the undredth time. The hostess's attention was equally divided between he temperature of the oven and the adornment of the able. A snow-white sheet, one of a dozen she had ound in the box, was drafted peremptorily into,service, nd did duty as a table-cloth. Oh, the innocent and unny make-shifts of poverty, and the goodly distance it can make a little go! Perhaps some of us, a^ we stand in our rich dining-rooms, and gaze with pride at the silver, the gold, the cut-glass, and the transparent china, can recall a little kitchen in a homely house far away, where our good mothers once set their tables for their guests, and what a brave show the few extra dishes made when they brought them out on the rare festive days! However it might strike you, fair reader, to the poor woman and her guests there was nothing incongruous in a sheet serving as a table-cloth. Was it not white and clean and properly shaped ; and would it not have been a table-cloth if it hadn't been a sheet ? How very nice and particular some people can be over the trifling matter of a name ! And this sheet had no right to be a sheet, for any one with half an eye could see at a glance that it was predestined from the first to be a table-cloth, for it sat as smoothly on the wooden surface as pious looks on a deacon's face, while the easy and nonchalant way in which it draped itself at the corners was perfectly jaunty, The edges of this square of white-sheeting that had thus providentially found its true and predestined use, were ornamented with the leaves of the wild myrtle, stitched on in the form of scallops. In the centre, with a brave show of artistic skill, were the words ' Merry Christmas,' prettily worked with the small brown cones of the pines. This, the joint product of Wild Bill's industry and the woman's taste, commanded the enthusiastic admiration of all; and even the little boy, from the height of a chair into which he bad climbed, was profoundly affected by the show it made. The trapper had charge of the meat department, and it is safe to say that no Delmonico could undertake to serve venison in a greater variety than did he. To him it was a grand occasion, and—in a culinary sense—he rose grandly to meet it . What bosom is without its little vanities, and shall we laugh at the dear old man because he looked upon the opportunity before him with feelings other than pure benevolence—even of complacency that what he was doing was being done as no one else could do it ? There was venison roasted, and venison broiled, and venison fried: there was hashed venison, and venison spitted; there was a side dish of venison sausage, strong with the odour of sage, and slightly dashed with wild thyme, and a huge kettle of soup, in whose rich creamy surface pieces of bread and here and there a slice of potato floated. ' I tell ye, Bill,'said the trapper to his companion, as he stirred the soup with a long ladle, ' this pot isn't actilly runnin' over with tatters, but ye can see a bit occasionally ef ye look sharp and keep the ladle goin' round pretty lively. No, the tatters aint over plenty,' continued the old man, peering into the pot, and sinking his voice to a whisper,' but there wasn't but fifteen in the bag, and the woman took twelve of 'em fur her kettle, and ye can't make three taters look actilly crowded in two gallons of soup, can ye, Bill ?' And the old man punched that personage in the ribs with the thumb of the hand that was free from service, while he kept the ladle going with the other. ' Lord!' exclaimed the trapper, speaking to Bill, who, having taken a look into the old man's kettle, was digging his knuckles into his eyes to free them from the spray that was jetted into them from the fountains of mirth within that were now in full play—' Lord ! ef there isn't another piece of tater gone all to pieces ! Bill, ef I make another circle with this ladle there won't be a whole slice left, and ye'll swear there wasn't a tater in the soup.' And the two men, with their faces within twenty inches, laughed and laughed like boys. How sweet it is to think that when the Maker set up this strange instrument we call ourselves, and strung it for service, He selected of the heavy chords so few, and of the lighter ones so many ! Some muffled ones there are, some slow and solemn sounds swell sadly forth at intervals ; but blessed be God that we are so easily tickled, and the world is so funny that within it, even when exiled from home and friends, we find, as the days come and go, the causes and occasions of hilarity! Wild Bill had been placed in charge of the liquids, What a satire there is in circumstances, and how those of to-day laugh at those of yesterday ! Yes, Wild Bill had charge of the liquids—no mean charge, when the occasion is considered. Nor was the position without its embarassments, as few honourable positions are, for it brought him face to face with the problem of the day —dishes ; for, between, the two cooks of the occasion, every dish in the cabin had been brought into requisition, and poor Bill was, metaphorically speaking, left stranded high and dry on a desert shore, with Water, water everywhere, Nor any drop to drink. But Bill was not lacking in wit if he was in pots, and he solved the conundrum how to make tea without a teapot in a manner that extorted the woman's laughter, and commanded the old trapper's admiration. In ransacking the lofts above the apartment he had lighted on several large stone jugs, which with the courage—shall we call it the audacity ?—of genius he had seized upon, and having thoroughly rinsed them from certain odours which we are free to say Bill was more or less familiar with, he brought them forward as substitutes for kettle and pot. Indeed they worked admirably, for in them the berry and the leaves might not only be properly steeped, but the flavour could also be retained beyond what it might be in many of our famous and high- sounding patented articles. The dinner! That great event of the day, the crown and diadem to its royalty, and which became it so well was ready promptly to the hour. The table, enlarged as it was to nearly double its original dimensions, could scarcely accomodate the abundance of the feast. Ah, if some sweet power would only enlarge our hearts when on festive days we enlarge our table, how many, of the world's poor, that now go hungry while we feast, would then be fed! At one end of the table sat the trapper, Wild Bill at the other. The woman's chair was at the centre of one of the sides, so that she sat facing the fire, whose generous flames might well symbolise the abundance which amid cold and hunger had so suddenly come to her. On her right hand the two girls Bat, on her left the boy. A goodly table, a goodly fire, and a goodly company. What more could the a$gel of Christmas ask tosee? : Thus were they seated, ready to begin their repast : but the plates remained untouched, and the happy noises which' had to that moment filled the cabin ceased ; for the angel of Silence, with noiseless step, bad suddenly entered the room. There's a silence of grief, there's a silence of hatred, there's a silence of dread—of these men may speak, and these they can describe j but the silence of our happiness who can describe that ? When the heart if full, when the longing is suddenly met, when love gives to love abundantly, when the soul lacketh nothing, and is content, then language is useless, and the angel of silence becomes our only adequate interpreter. A humble table, surely, and humble folk around it; but not in the houses of the rich or the palaces of kings does gratitude find her only home, but in more lowly abodes and with lowly folk—ay, and often at the scant table, too—she sitteth a perpetual guest. Was it memory 1 Did the trapper in that brief moment visit his absent friend ? Did Wild Bill recall his wayward past 1 Were the thoughts of the woman busy with sweet scenes of earlier days ? And did memory, by thus reminding them of the absent and the past, of the sweet things that had been and were, stir within their hearts thoughts of Him from whom all gifts descend, and of His blessed Son,in whose honour the day was named ? Beyond doubt. 0 Memory ! thou tuneful bell that ringeth on for ever, friend at our feasts, and friend, too, let us call thee, at our burial, what music can equal thine 1 For in thy mystic globe all tunes abide—the birthday note for kings, the marriage peal, the funeral knell, the eleeful jingle of merry mirth, and those sweet chimes that float our thoughts, like fragrant ships upon a fragrant sea, toward heaven—all are thine ! Ring on, thou tuneful bell; ring on while these glad ears may drink thy melody ; and when thy chimes are heard by me no more, ring loud and clear above my grave that peal that echoes to the heavens and tells the world of immortality, that they who came to mourn may check their tears and say,' He liveth still /' The Lord be praised for His goodness, said the trapper, whose thoughts unconsciously broke into speech. ' The Lord be praised for His goodness, and make us grateful fur His past mercies, and the plenty that be here I' And looking down upon the viands spread before him, he added, " The Lord be good to the boy, and make him as happy in a city home as be they who be wearin' and eatin' his gifts in the woods !' Amen !' said the woman, softly, and a grateful tear fell on her plate. < A—hem!' said Wild Bill; and then, looking down upon his warm suit, he lifted his voice, and bringing it out in a clear, strong tone, said,' Amen!' At many a table that day more formal grace was said, by priest and laymen alike, and at many a table, by lips of old and young, response was given to the benediction ; but we doubt if over all the earth a more honest grace was said or assented to than the Lord heard from the cabin in the woods. The feast and the merry-making now began. The old trapper was in his best mood, and fairly bubbled over with humour. The wit of Wild Bill was naturally keen, and it flashed at its best as he ate. The children stuffed and laughed as only children on such an elastic occasion can. And as for the poor woman, it was impossible for her, in the midst of such a scene, to be otherwise than happy, and she joined modestly in the conversation, and laughed heartily at the witiy sallies. But why should we strive to put on paper the wise, the funny, and the pleasant things that were said ?— the exclamations, the laughter, the story, the joke, the verbal thrust and parry, of such an occasion 'I These springing from the centre of the circumstance and flashed into being at the instant, cannot be preserved for after-rehearsal. Like the effervescence of champagne, they jet and are gone ; their force passes away with the noise that accompanied its outcoming. Is it not enough to record that fhe dinner was a success, that the trapper's meats were put upon the table in a manner worthy of his reputation,that the woman's efforts at pastry-making were generously applauded, and that Wild Bill's tea and coffee were pronounced by the hostess the best she had ever tasted 1 Perhaps no meal was ever more enjoyed, as certainly none was ever more heartily eaten. The wonder and pride of the table was the pudding —a creation of Indian meal, flour,suet, and raisins, reinforced and assisted by numerous spicy elements, supposed to be too mysterious to be grasped by the masculine mind. In the production of this wonderful centre piece—for it had been unanimously voted the place of honour—the poor women had summoned all the latent resources of her skill, and in reference to it her pride and fear contended, while the anxiety with which she rose to serve it was only too plainly depicted on her countenance. What if it should prove a failure 1 What if she had mads a miscalculation as to the amount of suet required—a point upon which she had been somewhat confused? What if the raisins were not sufficiently distributed ! What if it wasn't done through and should turn out pasty ? Great Heavens I The last thought was of so overwhelming a character that no feminine courage could encounter it. Who may describe the look with which she watched the trapper as he tasted it. or the expression of relief which brightened her anxious face when he pronounced warmly in its favour? ' It's a wonderful bit of coookin',' he said, addressing himself to Wild Bill,' and I sartinly doubt ef there be anything in the settlements to-day that can equal it. There be just enough of the suet, and there be a plum for every mouthful: and it be solid enough to stay in the mouth ontil ye've had time to chew it and git a taste of the corn—and I wouldn't give a cent fur a puddin' ef it gits away from yer teeth fast; yis, it be a wonderful bit of cooking'and, turning to the woman, he added, < ye may well be proud of it.' What higher praise could be bestowed 1 And as it was re-echoed by all present, and plate after plate was passed for a second filling, the dinner came to an end with the greatest good feeling and hiliarity. CKAPTEB IV.—HOME AGAIN. 'Now fur the sled I' exclaimed the trapper, as hejrose from the table. ' It be a good many years since I've straddled one, but nothin' settles a dinner quicker, or suits the leetle folks better. I conceit the cruBtbe thick enough to bear us up, and ef it is, we can fetch a course from the upper edge of the clearin' fifty rods into the lake. Come, childun, git on yer mittens and yer tippets, and hisnt along to the big pine, and ye shall have some fun ye won't forgit ontil yer heads be whiter than mine.' It is needless to record that the children hailed with delight the proposition of the trapper, or that they were at the appointed spot long before the speaker and his companion reached it with the sled. The sun was already set when they returned to the cabin, for they had given the children an hour's happy sliding. The woman had prepared some fresh tea and a lunch, which they ate with lessened appetites, but with humour that never flagged. When it wa9 ended the old trapper rose to depart, and with a dignity and tenderness that was peculiar to him, thus spake: ' My good woman,' he said,' the moon will soon be up, and the time has come fur me to be goinM I've had a najppy day with ye and the leetle uns, and the trail over the mountain will seem shorter, as the pups and me go home, thinkin' on't. Wild Bill will stay a few days and put things a little more to rights, and get up a wood-pile that will keep ye from choppin' for a good while. It's his own thought, and ye can thank himac cordin'ly.' Then, having kissed each of the children, and spoken a few words to Wild Bill, lie took the woman's hand and said : ' The sorrers of life be many, but the Lord never forgits. I've lived ontil my head be whitcnin', and I'vejnoted that though He moves slowly, He fetches most things round about the time we need 'em ; and the'things that be late I conceit we shall git furder on. Ye didn't kill the big buck this mornin, but the meat ye needed hang3 at yer door nevertheless, Yis, the Lord uses strange instruments to furder His purposes, specially in the matter of bucks,' and laughing at his own conceit, he shook the woman heartily by the hand, and then, whistling to the hounds, passed out of the door,. But the inmates of the cabin stood and watched him until, having climbed the slope of the clearing, he disappeared in the shadows of the forest, and then they closed the door. But more than once Wild Bill noted that as the woman stood wiping the dishes she wiped her eyes as well, and more than once he heard her say,' God bless the dear old man!' Ay, ay, poor woman, we join thee in thy prayer. God bless the dear old man ! and not only him, but all who do the deeds he did, God bless them one and all! Over the crusted snow the trapper held his course until he came, with a happy heart to his cabin. Soon a fire was burning on his own hearth-stone,and the hoands were in their accustomed places. He drew the table in front, where the fire's fine light fell on his work, and taking some green vines and brances from the basket, began to twine a wreath. One he twined, and then he began another ; and often as he twined the fadeless branches he paused, and long and lovingly looked at the two pictures hanging on the wall: and when the wreaths were twined he hung them on the frames, and standing in front of the dumb reminders of his absent ones, he said,'I miss them so !' Ahi! friend, dear friend, when life's glad day with you and me has passed, when the sweet Christmas chimes are rung for other ears than ours, when other hands set the green branches up, and other feet glide down the polished floor, may there be those still left behind to twine us wreaths and say, "We miss them so !' And this is the way John Norton kept his Christmas. 