{'"DEAD MAN’S dock:. A Romak.je bt Q BOOK I. THE QUEST OF THE GREAT RUBY. CHAPTER VI (Costihbkd). TEUa HOW A FACE I.OOKEO IN AT THE WINDOW OF LANTB10 ; AND IN THAT MANNEB MY FATHER CAME HOME To US. The moil bad scarcely began when tbe doit opened aod Master Thomas Loveduy sauntered into the room. Master Thomas Lovedsy, a youth of some eight summers, was, ia defame of a home of hie own, quartered permanently upon my ancle, whose Orotber's eon he wae. Hie early daya had been spa'»t in lodi*. After, however, both father and mother had succumbed to the climate of Madras, be was sent home to England, and had taken root ia L'zard ' Town. Hitherto, hie fife pad been one long lazy ' slumber. When we were eent, on hie rare vieita to Lantrig, to 'play together,’ as old age always rudely pats it, hi» invariable rule bad been to go to sleep on the first convenient spot. Consequently hie presence embarrassed me not a little. He was a handsome boy, with blue eyeB, long lashes, fair hair, and a gentle habit of speech When I came to know him better, I learnt the quick wit und subtle power that lay beneath bie lazioeas of manner; but at present the eoul of Thomas Love lay slept. He was certainly not wide awake when be entered tbe room. With a sleepy nod at me, and no Iraoe of surprise at my presence, be pursued hi* meal. Occasionally, as Aunt Elizabeth put a fresh question, he would regard hit with a long ecaro, bat otherwise gave no Biga of animation. This finally so exasperated my anus that she addressed ' Thomas, do not stare.' Thomas looked mildly surprised for a moment, and then inquired, ' Why not?’ 'Does the boy think I'm a wild Indian?' The question was addressed to me, bnc I c-mld not say, bo kept a discreet silence. Thomas relieved me from my difficulty by answering, ' No,’ thonghifnlly. ' Then why stare so ? I'm sore I don't know what boys are made of, nowadays.' 'Singe and snails and pappy-dogs’ tails,' was the dreamy sDiwer. ' Thomas, now dare yon? I should like to catch tbe person who tangbt yon such nonsense. I' l teach him! ’ * It wa* Uncle Liveday,' remarked the innocent Thomas. There was an awful pause; which I broke at length by a-king to be allowed tu go. Anut Elizabeth saw hsr way to getting rid of the offender. 'Thomas, yon might walk with Jasper over the dowos to Lantrig. it will be nice exercise for you ’ ' It may be exercise, aunt, bat-’ ' Do not answer me, bnt go. Where do yon expect little boys will go to who are always idle?' ' Sleep? ’ hazarded Thomas. ' Thomas, yon shall learn tbe whole of Dr. Watts’s poem on the sluggard before you go to bed this night.' At this tbe boy slowly rose, took off bis cap, stood before her, and solemnly repeated cne whole of that melancholy tale, finishing the fast line at the door aDd graveiy bowing him self oat. I followed, awes'rack, and we set <mt in silence. At first, anxiety tor my mother possessed all my thoagtue, but presently I ventured to congratulate Tom on bit performance. 'She has read it to me so often,’ replied he, ' that I can’t help knowing it. I hate Dr. Watts, and I love tn go to sleep. 1 dream •nch jolly thioga. Sleep is ever bo much nioer than being awake, isu’t it? ’ I wanted Bleep, having had but little for two nights, and conld therefore agree with him. • You get »uch jolly adventures when you dream,’ said Tom, reflectively. I bad beeo ratheranrfeited with adventures lately, so held my peace ‘ Now, real life ia so dull. If one conld only meet wih adventures-' I caught the sound of wheels behind os, and turned round. We had etruck off the dowos on to the high road. A light gig with one occupant was approaching ns. As it drew near the driver hailed as, 'Hallo! lads, is- this tbe road for Polkimbra ?' Tbe speaker was a short, grizzled, seafaring man, with a kind face and good bnmonred mouth. He drove execrably, and pal ed bis quiet mare right back upon her haunches. I answered that it wss. 'Are you bound for tnere? Yes? Jump up then. I'll give you a lift.' I looked at Tom; he, of coarse, was ready for soy thing that would save trouble, eo we clambered ap beside tbe stranger. ‘ There was a wreck there yesterday, I've beard,' laid he, after we had gone a few yards, 'and an inquest, and, by tbs tale 1 heard, »lot of lice told.' I started. Tbe man did not notice it, bnt continued— ' Maybe yon've beard of it. Well, it's a ram world, sod a due lot of liee ge<s told every day, bnt yon don't often get so accom uliehed a liar as that chap—what’s his name? Blessed if I can tackle it; nut bat what It's another lie. I’d wager.' 1 waa listening intently. He continued more to himself thao to ns— ' An amazing liar, tbongb I wonder what his game was. It heat- me, beats my altogether. The James aud Eliz.beth, says be, as large as life. I take ir the fellow couldn't 'a been fooling who brought tbe news to Falmouth. Didnt know me from Adam, and was fairly put about when he saw bow l took it, and, •ays he. " 'twae the James and Edzabeth tbe chap said, as sure as I stand here." Boy, do you happen to know the name of the ve-ise] , tost ran ashore here, night store last? ’ I bad gruwo accustomed to being asked this dreadful question, and therefore answered ae bravely aa I conld, 'The James and Elizabeth, air.' ' Caotaiu'a name ? ’ ' Captain Antonios Merrydew.’ ' Ah, poor chap 1 He was lying sick below when she arraok, wasn't he ? And he had a wife aboard, and a. cnilfi born at see, hadn’t be ? Fell ai6k in the Bay o' Biscay, like any land-inbber, didn't he? Why, 'tie dike play, aatin'; damme ! 'tie better than chat.' With tois the man buret into a shoot ol laughter and slapped his thigh nntil hit fact grew pnrple with merriment, i 'What d'ye think of it, boy, (or a rarefarce 1 Was ever (he likes of is heard? Captain Antonias Merrydew sick in the Bay o Biscay 1 Ho, ho 1 Where’s play-actin' beside it?’ ' Wasn't it true, air?' ' True? God bless tbe boy 1 Look me in the lace; look me in tbe face, and then ask 1 me if it's troe.' ' Bnt why should it not be true, air?’ ' Because I am Captain Antonina Merry i dew J' Fur the reat of the joarney I sat (tanned, i Thomas beside me was wide awake and ; staring, seeing bis way to an adventure ai i last. It wm I that dreamed—I heard with, oat comprehension the rest of the csp'ain'i tale: how be bad come, after a quick passage from Ceylon to Falmouth with tbe barqui J-imea and Elizabeth, just in time to hear ol | this monstrous lie; how he was unmarried, and never had a day'* illness in his life; how susp-cting foul play, he had hired a hone anc gg with a determination to drive over tc Polkimbra aod learn tbe troth; bow a botai and gig were the most cursedly obstinate o created tbiugs ; with mnch beside* in tbe wa] I ofoa'hs and ejaculations. All thie I mas I have heard, for memory brongbt them cact > la er ; bat I did nut listen. My life and cir i cncoB'ancea bad gut tbe upper hand of me 1 and were dancing a devil's riot. * At last, after mnch tacking and pnrfing o ■ helm, we navigated Polkimbra Hill aud cas 9 anchor before ihe 'Logger.' There wi 1 alighted, thanked tbe captain, and left hin j piping all hands to the horse's head. Hi< j cheery voice followed us down to the sand* We had determined to cat across Polkimen Beaoh aod climb np So Lantrig by Beady ’ Money cliffs, aa in order to go along the pat! I tbove the cliffs we should have to a*ceci , Polkimbra Hill again. The bi ach waa so fnl ■ nf horror to me that without a companion conld not have crossed it; hot Tom' j presence lent me conrxge. Tom waa nea't to excitement than 1 had ever seen him ; h grew voluble; praised the caprain. admire nis talk, and declared adventure to be ahroa f in tbe air—in fact, throw op his head a I tbongb he scented it. h Yes, adventure wae in the aft. It wai nc . exactly to my taste, however, nor did th tbonghi of my poor mother at hipmeooal me more eympatbetio with Tom'e ecstasy; e \- whilst he chattered I strode gloomi! m forward over the beach, it The day waa drawing towards' nooi .. October was revelling .in an after- taste i summer, and smiled in broid glory over beat * and sea. A light bre-no bore eastward a fe e fl-ecy clouds, and the wave* danced'at s, murmured before its breath. Their salt ace . vr»s in onr nostrils, and the glitter of tbe eai * in onr eyes Black and sombre in tbe cle b» air, Dead Man's Rock rose in gloomy isolati la from tba tea, while the aeabirdt swept is glistening circls* ronnd It* atunnit But wi I waa that at Its bate ? Seemingly, a little knot of men itood at the water's edge. Ae we drew nearer I coaid distinguish their forme, bat not their occu pation, for tbey etood in a circle, intent on aome object in tbnir midst concealed from our view. Presently, however, they (ell into a rough line ae chough making tor the arch way to Ready-Money Cove. Something they carried among them, and continually etoope 1 over; but what it was I could nut see. Their pace was very elow, bnt they tamed into the arch and were disappearing, when I caught eight of the uncouth little figure of Joe Roecorla among the laat, and ran forward, bailing him by name. At the Bound of my voice Joe started, turned round and made a alow pause ; then, with a few words to hie neighbour, came qnickiy towards me. Aa be drew near, 1 saw that hie face was white and We manner lull of embarrassment; but be put on a smile, and epoke first— ‘ Why, Jasper, what be doin' along here? ’ 1 I'm going borne. Has Uncle Loveday seen mother Z And is she better ? ’ 1 Aw. iss, he’ve a seen her an’ she be quieter leastways, he be bound to dn her a power o’ good. Bat wbat be goin’ back for ? ’Tain’t no use botherin’ indoors wi' your mother in i thicky wisht state. Ran about an'get some 1 Wbat were yon doing'down by the Rock i jnsc now, Joe? ’ ,i Joe heeitated for a while ; stammered, and i then said, ’Nuthio.’ ’ But, Joe, you weredoing something; what :i were ^ you carrying over to Ready-Money ' Look-ee here, mv lad, run an’ play, an’ | doan’t ex no questions. ‘Tain’t for little boys | to ax questions. Now I> cornea to think of it, doctor eaid ae you was to ac»y over to Lizard Town, ’cos there ain’t no need of a passel of boys in a eick h mse ; so ran along back.’ i Joe’s voice had a curinne break in it, and i his whole hearing was so unaccountable that I I ni l not wonder when Tom quietly said— 1 Joe, you’re telling lies.’ I Now Joe was, in an ordinary way, the soul j nf truth ; so 1 looked for an exploaiuu. To i ray surprise, however, he took no notice of I Cue insult, but turned again to me— i ’Ja.per, lad, run along back; do’ee now.’ i His voice was bo fall of entreaty that a < sudden suspicion took bold of me t ’ Joe, is — has anything happened to l mother?’ j * Nua, to be sure; she'll be gettin’ well fast i enough, if so be as you let her be.' ' Tnen I’ll go and see Uncle Loveday, and find out if I am really to go back.’ j I made a motion to go, but he caught me quickly by the arm. ‘ Now, Jasper, doan’t-’ee go ; run back, I tell’ee—run back—I tell’ee you must go i back’ , Hia words were so earnest and full of , command chat 1 turned ronsd and faced bim. Something in his eyes filled me with sickening ‘ Joe, what were you canyiug ?’ No answer. 1 Joe, what were you carrying?’ Still no answer; but an appealing motion , of the hand. ’Joe, what was it?’ ‘ Go back! ’ he said, hoarsely. ’ Go ’ I wilt not, until I have Been what yon were carrying,’ ’ Go back, boy ; for God’B sake go baak ! ’ I wrenched myself fiom bis grasp, and ran with all speed. Joe and Tom followed me, but fear gave me fleetness. Behind I could hs->r Joe’s panting voice, crying, 1 Come back 1 ’ bni the agony in hia tone set me runn ing faster, 1 tlew through the archway and saw the email procession half-way across the cove. At my shorn they baited, paneed, and one or two advanced aa if to stop me. Bat I dashed through their hands into their midst, and saw—God in heaven 1 What ? The drowned face of my father ! Tenderly ae women they lifted me from the body Gently and with tear-stained faces, they stood around and tried to comfort roe. Reverently, while Jue Koscorla held roe in his arms behind, they took up the corpse of him they bad known and loved so well, and carried it up Che cliffs to Lantrig. Ae they lifted the latch and bore the body across the threshold, a yell nf maniac laughter echoed through the house to the very roof. And this was my father’s 1 Welcome Home 1 ’ Nay, not all; for aa Uncle Loved ay started to bis feet, the door behind him flew ■open, and ray mother, all in white, with very madness in ber eyes, rushed to the corpse, knelt, caught the dead bant, kissed and fondled the dead face, cooing and softly laughing the while with a tender rapture that would have moved bell itself to pity. In tbia manner it was that these two fond lovers met. CHAPTER VII. T£LL8 HOW BNCLE LOVEDAY MADE A DIS COVERT; AXD WHAT THE TIN BOX CON TAINED. An hour afterwards I was sitting at the bedside of my dying mother. Tbe shock of that terrible meeting had brought her under standing—and death ; for ae her mind returned ber life ebbed away. White and placid she lay upon her iast lied, and spoke no word; but in her eyes could be read her death - warrant, and by me that which was yet more (nil of anguish, a tender but unfading reproach This world ie full of mi-undemandings, but seldom is met nne so desperate. How could 1 tell her now ? And how could Bhe ever under stand? It was ail too late. ” Too late! too late!” the words haunted me there as the bright sun struggled through the drawn blind and illnmined ber saintly face. They and tbe look in her a weet eyes have haunted me many a day since then, and would be with me yet, did I nos believe she knows the truth at last. There are too many ghosts in my memories for Heaven to lightly add this one more. She was dying — slowly and peic fully bring, and this was tbe end of her wailing. He had returned at 1-et, this hu-band for whose coming she had watched so long. He had returned at laat, after all his labour, and bad been laid at her feet a dead man. She was free to go and join her love. T-i me, child as I was, this was sorely cruel. Death, as I know now, is very meicilul even when be seems most merciless, but as I sat aod watched the dear life slowly drift away from from me, it wm a hard matter to understand. The pale sunlight came, and flickered, and went; but abe lay to all seeming unchanged Her pnise’s beat wsb failing—failing; the broken heart feebly etruggliug to itt rest ; but ber sad eyes were still the same, appealing, questioning, rebuking—all without hope of answer or explanation. S i were tb-y when the sobbing fishermen lifted her from tbe body, eo would they b» nutil closed for the last sleep. It was very cruel. My father’* body lay in the room below, with Uncle Loveday and Mr». Buevargus for watchers. Now and again my uncle would steal aoftiy upstairs, and as softly return with hopelessness upon hia faoe. The clock downstairs gave the only sound I heard, as it marked the footsteps of the dark angel coming nearer and nearer. Twice my mother's lip* parted as if to speak ; bnt though I bentd to catch her words, I could hear no round. So, at I aat and watched her waxen face, all tbe'sweet memorise other came-back in a sab, reproachful train. Once more we eat together by the widowed hearth, reading ; once more we stood upon tbe rocky edge ot j Pedn-gl&s; and looked into the splendours of the summer sunset ' for father’s ship ;' once more we knelt together in Polkimbra Church, and nrayed for bis safe retnru ; once more I heard that sweet, low voice—once more. Ah, never, never more 1 Uncle Loveday stole into the room on tip-toee, and looked at her; then turned and 1 Has abe spokdn yet? ’ 1 No.’ He was -about to leave when the lips psited again, and this time she spoke— _ ' He is coming, coming. HuBh ! that is bis step 1 ’ The dark eyea were ablaze with expecta tion ; tbe pale cheek aglow with hope. 1 bent down over tbe bed, for her voice was very ' He is coming, I know it Listen! Ob, busbaod, come quicker, quicker 1 ’ Ala* ! poor aamt, the seep you li-ten forhss gone before, auu is already at the gate of heaven. ’He is here! Ob, husband, husband, you have come for me 1' A moment she sat up with arms out scratched, and glory in her face; then fell back, and the arms that caught her were the armi of God. After the first pang of bereavement bad spent itself, Uncle Loveday got me to bed, and there at last I Blept . Tbe verv bewilderment of-so much sorrow enforced sleep, and sleep was needed ; an that, worn out with watching and excitement, I had not so mnoh as a dream to trouble me. It wai 10 o’clock in the morning when I awoke, and saw my nncle sitting beside tbo bed. Aoothei snn was bright in the heavens onteide; thi whole world looked so calm and happy the’ my first impulse wai to leap up and run, si wss my custom, to mother’s room. Then ro; «;es fell on Unde Jboveday, and'the- whal dreadful tro'h came iurging into m awakened br»in. 1 sank back with a low moan upon the pillow, Uucie Loveday, who had been watching me, stepped to the bed and took my hand. * Jasper, boy, are you batter?’ Alter a Bhort struggle with my grief, I plucked up heart to answer that I was. 'That's a br^veboy. I asked, because I have yet to tell yoa aoraetniog. I aro a doctor, you know, JaBper, and bo you may take cry word when I say toere is no good in what ta called "broking new?.’* It hi always beqt to h»ve the pain over and done with ; at leasty that’s my exoerience. Now, my dear boy, though G >d kuowa you have sorrow enough, there is still something to tell ; and if you are the boy I taka you for, it ia b-at to let you kuow at once.' Dimly wondering what n*w blow fortnse coafd de*I me. X sat up in bed and looked at my uncle belpleeBly. ' Ja"per, you think—do you not—that you? father w*s drowned?’ * Of course, uncle.’ ' He was nut drowned/ * Not drowned'!'*’ * No, Jumper, he w»b murdered/ The words came slowly and solemnly, and even with the firac ahock of surprise tne whole truth dawned upon me. This, then, exr Lined the effact my name had wrought upon those two strange men. This wag the reason wby, as we lofcupou Dead Man’s Hock, tne eyes ot Johu Railcon had retused to meet, 'mine ; this was the reason why his murderer had gripped me so viciously upon Ready Money Beach, These few words of my uncle’s bey an slowly to piece together the scattered pua^e of cho IftBC two days, so that I half gae*sed tbe anewnr as I* asked— ' Murdered ! How ? * ' He waa stabbed to death/ I knew it, for l remember the empty Bheath that bong at Rhodojanrs waist, and heard again Railton’a word", 4 captain, it was your knife.*' As certainly as if I h*d fitted the weapon to its ca«a, I knew that men bad prompted father’s murder. .Even as T knew it my terror of him f»ded away, and a blind and helpless hate sprang upita stead ; help less nowy but some day to be masterful and worthy of heed. That the man who called himself Georgio Rhodojani was guilty of one death, I knew from tbe witness of my own eyes ; that he bad two more lives upon bis black account—for the hand that struck my faf her bad also slain my mother—I knew as And the devil hie got his due, my Ldf» \' No, not yet; there was still one priceless bouI tor him to wait for. ' He was stabbed/ repeated Uncle Love day, 1 stabbed to the heart, and from behind. I found this blade as I examined your poor father’s body,' It was broken off close to the hilt, and left in the wound, which can. hardly have h!ed at all. Death must have been immedia'e. It’s a strange business, Jasper, and a b'range blade by the look of I took the blade from his band. It was about 4in. in length, sharp, and curiously worked ; one side was quite plain, but tbe other was covered with intricate tracery, and down tbe centre, bordered with delicate fruit and flowers, I spelt out tbe legend * RieORDATl/ ‘ WD*t does that word mean ? * I asked, as T handed back the steel My voice was so ciltn and Bteaoy that Uncle Loveday glanced at me for a moment in amazement before he answered— * It’s not Latin, Jasoer, but it's like Latin, and I should think must mean ‘remember,*' or eomathiog of the sort/ * "Remember,’* I repeated. 11 will, uncle As sur-Iy as father was murdered, I will remember—when the time cornea.’ They were strange words from a boy. My> nnc’e looked at me again, but doubtless thinking my brain turned with grief, said nothing. ‘Have you told anybody?* I asked at length. * I have seen nobody, There will be an inquest, of course, but in this case an inquest cau do nothing. Murderer and murdered have both gone to their account By the way, I suppose nothing has been seen of the man who gave evidence. It was an unlikely tale; and this makes it the more suspicious. Bless my soul l * said my uncle, suddenly, * to ! think it never struck me before ! Your ! father was to sail in tbe Belle Fortune, and this m«n gave the name of the ship as the J*raea and Elizabeth.’ ‘ It was tbe Bel'e Fortune, and the man told a falsehood * * I suppose it must have been/ ' I know it w*b/ ' Know ! How do you know ? * 1 ' Because the James and Elizabeth is lying at Falmourh Harbour, and her captain is down at tbe * " Lugger/” (to bb continued ) 