titr ho, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1888. jut the ALTnouoGU by an indefensible and Co utterly ridiculousregulation. that has come into vogue sinco the days of Mr. Whitofoord. and Mr. Beadon, the press is not ad nitted to the hearing of applica- ab tions in Olhambers at Launceston, n however important they may be, it has e nevertheless beeo matter of common re- of port that a question having an important th bearing on shareholders in defunct mining pr companies Ihas boon in litigation during ot the past few'dayo, and on Saturday the as decision of the Oonmmissioner was 'I handed to the press. We suppose, how- th ever, that the contributories to the n Golden Era Company-which was the tI particular company in iremolo legis on the ci occasion in questiont-will hear all about av the trouble soon enough for them. WeV : ' understand that the. subject of debate arose in connection with the proposal to of the present liquidator to levy a it uniform 3s contribution on all '' members of the company for the purpose of wiping out the out. standing debts, and that objection was ig taken by certain of the members of to the contribution as being unneocessary or at any rate unfair in its incidence. pt Most mining people know that some 20 at or 30 of the gold mining companies di which were floated during the last.mania hi but one have suddenly come to life again bj after a prolonged disappearance from the to view of those who were unlucky enough th to have meddled with thenm; nor is it, b perhaps, absolutely necessary to remind at anybody that all these compmince were H formed under the Limtited Liability Alct of p 1890-in the innocent days of mining ti enterprise, before the gladsome star of p the "no liability" system had shed its g, consoling rays over mining speculation. ac Wlhen the Ibubble burst in 1882 numbers of gold mining companies had heavy over drafts at the local banks, and as the possi. tl bility of dividendsdisappeared, the anxiety t of the banks became pressing, and in 0 theoresult alarge numberof imitation South a Sea' bubble schemes were ordered to be r wound up under 33 Vict., No. 3, and Mr. d J. F. IHobkirk, an official agent for the SLauheeston district, took the business of squaring accounts in hand. Calls out standing were sued for, and contributions t were levied, but owing partly to the de- o fective provisions of the act of 1809, with a by no means satisfactory results. Some \- shareholders and contributories paid up, and some did not. Matters went on until 1 the passing of the linini Companies Act of 1884, under which provision was made with tnuch circumlocution for the more expeditious winding up of companies not then int liquidation, and for the renewal of the winding up proceedings from Mr. Hobkirk's hands to those of a fresh t t liquidator under the new act, where the I creditors (inter altos) desired such re moval. When Mr. Hobkirk ceased, some t months since, to be official agent, the banks, who were the main creditors of the I companies, took steps to have the winding i s up proceedings continued under the 1884 act, and the 20 or 30 companies referred to are consequently in the hands oi Mr. E. Bothamley, as liquidator, pursuant to t order made by Mr. F.P olstead under D section 131 of the act of 1884. and a ghort amending act of 1886. And now the I several liquidations are again in full tO swing, as they were at the outlet of Mr. I Hobkirk's connections with them. The ghosts of former liabilities have in fact arisen once more in veritable flesh and w blood, so to speak, and the forgotten "bad spoe" has come torth as a spectre boding very emphatic pecuniary illa. Meanwhile the banks have been quietly posting ,fup compound interest, with their t usual half-yearly rests, and their mouths are being opened uncom monly widely. A considerable number L, of shareholders accordingly put their. heads together and have bpton broeath ing out threatening and slaughter against the derelict companies, the banks, and a- all, and singular tihe persons connected with them, including the haploes liqui dator. It is not, perhaps, so much the fact of the compound interest that is rousing opposition, for mnost people know that the banks have ideas peculiar, but 3d very definite, about overdrafts, it is the very unjust Dnd from a moral point of 3d view unwarrantable method ip which the contributions are being levied that rubs the raw places on the shareholders' much. Sbelaboured backs. In the Golden Era Company, for instance, we understand that the official agent levied two contributions in 1884. Thie first one was graduated so as to bring all shareholders to an equality--tlhat is to say, where a -;ai was outstanding thalt wus added to 8\. the fixed contildutions a?d whlere all calls had been paid to datl tiad fied gcn. a tribution halone was levied. This was juast and fair to overybody. Of this first con tribution the btlk was collected, but 8, some £200 or £300 remained unpaid uEq upon it. A second contribution of 28 per share was then levied upon all shareholders, buitt this was only paid at by six elha?phplders, and moat of it remaied oqtetanding. ~JUpo, this state of faota 41r. Bothamley leyied a fieud uniform odntribi'itoa of 3s per basro1 totally ignoing aill that had been done by the oflicial agent. The result a was that shareholders who had paid at the whole of the first` and second contri- T butions under the official agent-were called upon by Mr. Bothamley to pay exactly is nt much towards the present debt of the p company as those aharelioldera .who had not paid a penny upon either the first or second contribntinn '! he question die. p cussed in Chambers last week was -Can the present liquidator in a making out his list of contribution under the new act take into account the respective contributions by each share holder under Mr. Hobkirk's regime? a Common justice and equity ray yes; but the not--whioh is admittedly one of the most wretched pieces of bad draftsman- i ahip on t Statut Book-ve the Slntto Book-leave theI point very doubtfal. It would seem at tirat eight tl!at tile course adopted by Mr. Bothamley--most unwillingly we t readily believe-is tle only one open to t hitm, nud his action has been confirmed by the Commissioner, wiho holds that the 1 oflicial agent antd his actions are now beyond the control of the Court, and therefore the course adopted by the I agent cannot be taken into account by the praeent liquidator. The matter, however, is of such widespreading importance that the Legislature should, as a matttnr of simple moral justice, step in and once more amend that caricature of legislation, The MininItg Companics Act of 1884. The compound 1 interest question also needs the attention 1 nf the lawyers. SoMt: strange ruemonrd fre inl circulation \- bout the Mount Cameron Water-race, and the completion of this important work seems more doubtful than ever. With a water- race board, the membors of whlich command public confidence, t three out of the five possessing eCtensive practical acquaintance with mining, and one, if not two, being mining engineers, and with an experienced mining manager as executive onlicer, what ihas boon done 1 s ihe bound are treated as dummies, and tie plans fr n 'ompletion of the water race entrusted to the Public Works Depalrtment, with the result, it is stated, that ilans have boen prepared which u cannot be carried out for tihe money . available, and \lhen executed will not S:nmet the requiremnntes and circnllnatances of tie case. It is even said that the Spet "fad" of the WVorks Department for aI phlalting everything possible has been a introduced into their scheme of what is II rquired for tile l aunt Cmoeron Wator race. Hon munch longer is this farce to be tolerated ? When the services of com petent men are available they are . ignored, and if there is a chance u of disp!aying inability to grasp the requirmennlnts of the case or run the y colony into useless expense it secoms to be promptly taken advantage of. We 0 sincerely hope the Minister of Lands will is deal promptly and decisively with the a nount Cameron Water-race question or his first term of office may be signalised n by another public works fiasco. If he is e not aware of the fact we can assure him h thlere is nothing in tile completion of the Mount OCameron Water-race that cannot be carried out by the Water-race Board, ad nd that in MIesars. Thureau, Thompson. e Hawkes, and Grifin the Government nf possess a stronger array of professional i ability in a purely mining scheme like this than is possessed by tile whole of tile Public Works Departmen t put . to to gether. What . need then to increased [. cost and run the risk of failure ra when professional skill and. practical experience in mining nor at command r If it be true, as we are informed, that it. the mining members of the board have Ly never been consulted in the preparation in of the plans and specifications, we may Sask what was tile nae of seeking to obtain practical men as members of the board 1 be We know that the Secretary of Mines has .r. done his utmost to ensure the successful ae completion of the scheme, but he seemsn of to have found tihe tangled web of red tapoisnn, professional etiquette, and the it circumlocution system of doing business nt too strong for him to break through. The .- only person who can deal with the tangle th into which affairs seem to have drifted is the Minister of Lands, and his action na will be anxiously awaited by all interested P, in the snuccess of the Mount Cameron til Water-race. 