THE THUNDERBOLT A MYTH • Mr G. J. Symons, F.R.S., read an amusing and highly interesting paper before the Royal Meteorological Society recently on " The Non-existence of Thunderbolts Elucidated by Accounts of Searches after them." Mr. Symons has endeavoured to track the so-called thunderbolts where ever he could hear of them; but they have vanished before the man of science like ghosts before the daylight. His inquiries showed that there was no more transmission of a thunderbolt, or of any other solid body, when an electric spark rushes through the air, than there is the transmission of a mate rial substance when a message is telegraphed across, or rather under, the Atlantic Ocean. Sometimes a lightning flash appears to strike the ground, and a spherical nodule of iron pyrites is found near the spot. It was there before. Still the ignorant ima gine it came from the clouds, and with the lightning. Belemuites, which are really fossil animals, are found similarly, and in Webster's Dictionary are described as " thunderstones," and as such are often pre served. Occasionally a heavy discharge of lightning falls on a bed of sand penetrates it for several feet, and melts the silex in its path, fusin ^ it into a kind of glass, which is known as fulgurite—some fine specimens of which are to be found in the British Museum. This, and this only, could have any pretence to be considered a thunderbolt; but then it does not descend from the clouds, and is caused solely by the intense heat of the lightning. Mr Symons did not deny that solid bodies do at times come down from the sky and Btrike the earth; but these are meteorites and aerolites—substances ejected from volcanoes or falling upon the earth from planetary space. They are always falling, but when accidentally they descend during a thunderstorm they are instantly designated thunderbolts, though the two phenomena have absolutely no connection. For the credit of Englishmen the lecturer hoped that henceforth the word thunderbolt would be erased from our dictionaries. 