THE CRAVING AETER AN IN FALLIBLE INTERPRETER. III. It has been shown, that it might be fairly argued from the very passage in the 20th chapteer of Acts before quoted, that there is not upon earth an infallible interpreter of the Word of God, and that God never intended that there should be ; because there is no mention of anything of the kind, nor even any allusion to it, in a discourse of the Apostle Paul's in which he could not have failed to mention it, had it existed. But there are many other considerations from which the same conclusion follows: — 1\. Eor instance ; the unfitness of men in general to judge rightly of things be longing to religion, is the great reason from which is argued the necessity for an infallible interpreter. And yet this very argument destroys the main conclusion which it is brought to prove. Eor it allows at the outset, that men are fit to decide by their own judgment, that most difficult question as to the claim of any particular church, party, or person, to be that interpreter. Certain passages of Scripture are alleged as proving, that a certain church is the infallible guide,' appointed by Providence to take the place of our private judgment, which, it is said, is incapable of deciding rightly as to the meaning of Scripture. But how are we to know that this is the true sense of those passages ? If we are fit to judge of their meaning, then it cannot fairly be denied, that we are fit to iudge of, and to understand other parts of Scripture also ; and the alleged necessity for an infallible interpreter must be given up. If we are not capable of judging of the meaning of any doubtful passages, then, though we may allow the necessity for an unerring interpreter, we can never be sure' that we have found one. If we go, as men very commonly do, to explain exactly, according to the direction of some supposed infallible guide, and in full reliance upon him, those very passages of the Bible which are brought forward to show the necessity for such a guide, it must be quite plain that we are taking as proved, the very thing that we want to prove — we are taking his words as if they were infallible, that is, certainly true, in order to enable us to prove that he is in fallible. And the same may be said with respect to those who, instead of any church of the present time, appeal to the " primitive Church," and the " consent or agreement, m opinion, of the fathers —meaning the common belief of all right- minded writers of the first ages after the Apostles. Whether that primitive church, and those first ages, shall extend to three hun dred years, or four, five, six, or seven hundred years after Christ ; and which of the fathers are to be enrolled among the orthodox or right-thinking ; and what are the doctrines they taught in books forty times larger than the Bible, and capable of quite as great a variety of meanings — all these are questions to be decided, in the first instance, by those who are sup posed to be unfit to judge, and who, for that very reason, are to rely entirely on an infallible guide. This is like telling them that, because they cannot steer their course without a pilot, they must make a dangerous voyage to a distant port in order to find one. And the case is much the same with those who promise to others, or lay claim to themselves, such an inspiration from Heaven as shall make all exercise of reason unnecessary, and hinder the possi bility of error. The exercise of reason is called for in the highest degree, and mis takes the most fatal are to be dreaded in deciding on the opposite claims laid before us— on the claims of those who, while they teach the most contrary doctrines, all profess alike to be under the immediate direction of the Holy Spirit, and all fail in giving proof of it, as the Apostles did, by working miracles that could be judged of by the eyes and ears, in the presence of all, whether believers or unbelievers. The alleged necessity, therefore, for an infallible in terpreter, does, of itself, shut out from a thoughtful mind the hope of obtaining one. Fo'r the reason given for that necessity is such a supposed want of power in us for judging rightly, as must equally unfit us for judging about the claims of those who offer to guide us. Some persons have attempted to lay it down as a maxim, that we are bound to receive and believe whatever has been received and " believed always by all true Christians in every place." This saying is constantly brought forward, and praised in the present day, in such a manner as seems Btrange and unaccountable. That whatever is believed, and always has been by all Christians, everywhere, is a part of the Christian faith, is perfectly true ; but it is a truth which cannot possibly be called in or used to settle any question in dispute ; since it is evident, that it relates expressly aud exclusively to such points as never have been disputed among Christians. But it is. probable that those who appeal — or, rather, who pretend to appeal — to this maxim, do, in reality, mean by " all," merely " all the orthodox ," or those who think rightly. And who are the orthodox?. Those, we should be told, whom most persons consider such ; and as each would be likely to apply that term to those whose doctrines he approves, the result will be, that the belief of the greater number is to be the stamp or mark of orthodox or right belief; and that this again is to represent universal (or cath olic) belief ; and, finally, that this so-called universal belief is to be the test or measure of Gospel Truth. By this rule, who were the orthodox, and who the true worship- pers in Israel, when Elijah alone was left of the Lord's prophets, while Baal's pro phets were 450 men?— I. Kings xviii. 22. 2\. Again, the necessity, we are told, is for an infallible interpreter to whom all can easily go. And this no church can even pretend to have provided, Suppos ing an infallible church to exist in the most convenient position that could be found, still- it is not one Christian in ten thousand that could apply directly to its supreme governors. Each individual may, indeed, use its forms of prayer and of belief, and may think them equal in authority to Scripture ; but he can be no more fit to interpret the one than the other, or to put in anything left out ; he is still in want of an infallible guide to direct him how to agree exactly with hiB church, and to obey it. And this guide must be, to the great mass of mankind, the pastor or minister under whom each is placed. The pastor's agreement with the church must be taken on his own word. If he be either igno rant, or mistaken, or dishonest ; if in short, every individual pastor be not himself in fallible, that Christian people, whose un fitness to judge for themselves has been all along supposed, may be as much misled as in their reading of the Scriptures for themselves. 3\. Moreover, the claim of freedom from error and from dissension, if put forth by any church which claims also to include within it all Christians, is hereby at once destroyed. If, indeed, any one claims in fallibility, on the ground of personal inspiration in himself, or in the leader he follows, he can only be met by asking him to prove, by the performance of miracles, before our eyes, that his pretensions to this inspiration are better founded than those of others, who differ from him. But when the two claims to freedom from error, and to universality, are both put forward by the same church, they mutually destroy each other, by it being impossible that these two things can exist together in the same church, at the same time. If there be any universal church, of which all professing Christians are members, even though disobedient members — sub jects and children, even though undutiful and rebellious — then, that church is man ifestly not free from error and dissension; as is plain from the differences and con troversies existing among Christians, and the refusal of many of them to submit to the decrees of that church. If, again, there be any church that is free from error among its members, it is, for the same reason, manifestly not universal. We may imagine Buch a thing as a church, to whose dominion and decisions all Christians ought to submit ; but, unless all do thus submit, it cannot properly be called universal. Vain are the attempts 'made to get rid of this objection, by urging that all false doctrines are condemned by the authori ties of the church, and that the guilt of schism lies upon all who do not obey them. Freedom from error, in any com munity, consists not in the condemna tion of error, but in its not existing among the members of that community. Universality consists not in a claim to universal dominion over all Christians, but in the submission of all Christians. Otherwise there is no sect so small and inconsiderable, that might not pretend, 'on equally good grounds, to be the uni versal and unerring church. It might plead that its doctrines were received by all except heretics, and its supremaey acknowledged by all except schismatics; denouncing all as heretics and schismatics who did not receive these doctrines, and. submit to that dominion. And this is merely saying, in other words, that all agree with it except those who disagree, and that all submit except such as refuse submission. The claims, therefore, if so explained, come to nothing. If not so explained, but taken in the natural sense of the words used, they are proved to be false by undeniable and notorious facts. From these and similar considerations, a thoughtful mind can hardly fail to see, that an infallible guide within the reach of all, sued, as shall take the place of all exercise of private judgment, and render unnecessary all watchful care and inquiry and shall hinder all possibility of mistake, has not been in fact provided. And if he still cling to the belief of the necessity for Huch a guide, as absolutely required with a divine revelation, his road to in fidelity is straight aud short. Numbers there are, no doubt, who do not follow up such principles to what they may regularly lead to ; many, from want of the habit of thinking, and whose minds have not been culti vated; and others from resolutely avoid ing all reasoning and all examination, because they have determined to, be ' believers, and consider their faith to be . both the more praiseworthy, and also the more safe, the less they reflect and examine. They fear the very danger above alluded to — that reasoning will lead to infidelity ; and they seek to escape tbiB danger, not by putting aside the false notion from which that reasoning sets out, but by avoiding all reasoning, and stopping all inquiry and reflection. (To be continued.') A Cardinal again In tlie Bouse Of Lords!— It would be altogether opposed to all- the traditions of the papacy for it to issue a decree, such as the recent one condemning boycotting and the Plan of Campaign, without bargaining for a considerable payment. It may be suspected therefore that the Pope has been promised payment of some kind for doing so, or else what was the meaning of the jnbilee present sent to him by the throne, of course at the instance of the constitutional advisers ; and what was the message and business of the Dnke of Noifolk.s c ffieial visit to the Vatican The Marquis of Salisbury has lately proposed to add life members to the Honse of Lords, and with one accord the Roman Catholic organs and Roman Catholic writers on the sec ular press, have begun to declare there isgener- al strong desire to see Cardinal Manning and other prominent representatives of the Pope, elevated to seats in the Upper House. Is that the payment that has been secretly bargained for? Thepapaoy wonld do mnch to secure that her representatives shonld sit as suoh in the British Parliament, with rank and prece dence accorded to them. If there be any such understanding on the part of Lord Salisbury, then the days of his government are num bered, and a thorough reform of the House of Lords will be clcse at hand when papal repre sentatives are invited to sit in ths council of a nation that has long ago thrown oft the yoke of the foreign pope, and prospered in spite of his cursings and plottings against her. The people of England have in times past suffered too much from the popish yoke to permit any attempt to be made to gradually fasten it on their necks again. So surely as papal repre sentatives are invited by the government to sit in the Honse of Lords, so surely that government will fall, and the constitution of the Honse of Lords will be changed, by irresistible determination of the people. Pro bably the present hereditary system would be swept away altogether, and tne Upper House made elective. In sweeping ohangeB snch as hat there may also oome even a change of the constitution, whioh wonld do away with the hereditary prinoiple, even in the Crown itself, and make the office of occnpant of the throne elective also. That wonld be practi cally remodelling the British constitution on a thoroughly republican baBis. The permitted interference of the papacy in the affaire of England, and other nations has bo often brought about revolutions even more sweeping than those we have sketched ; for instance that of which we this year commemorate the bicentenary. History repeats itself, and en couragement of the interference of papal delegates in the affairs of the British Empire, would again result in a thorough, though most probably bloodless and constitutional revolution, that wonld shake the throne to its base, and wonld extinguish any papal hope of again regaining supreme power in England. A Sacrlllgious Milkman.— Among tbe European scraps collected by the Echo, is the following: — "Holy-water" is used for many purposes by pious Catholics. They cross themselves with it on entering or leaving church, and it is also employed by many persons' to keep the procreator of all evil, and ghosts, away from their premises. The " holy-water " disappeared recently in an extraordinary manner from the fonts of a principal church in Paris, so much so that a parish priest asked for a detective to watch at the doors. A limb of the law in mufti was accordingly placed behind one of the pillars near the porch as soon as the chnrch-doore were opened. After an hour or two he saw a local milkman, covered with a big blouse, enter the edifice. From under the blouse the milk man drew forth several cans half-filled with the lacteal commodity with which he was supposed to supply his customers and ducked them in the fonts. The audacious adulterator was speedily arrested. City Rail-way Extension.— Sir Henrjr Parkes informed a large and in fluential deputation that waited on him in accordance with the resolution of the public meeting, to urge the extension of the railway from Redfern to the waters of the harbour, that the matter waB of great importance, hut there were many things to he considered, together 10 different routes for the extension had been proposed, and certainly some of them wonld nave been a misuse of public money, and a misfortune if they had been carried out. He was in favour of the railway being carried to the waters of Port Jackson, but did not view with favour any of the schemes for doing so. He said correotly enough, all public money spent in extending the railways in the country was money ex pended in the beBt interests of the city. Within the last two or three year's not only St. Leonaids, but Balmain and Pyrmout had developed into cities. Balmain waB a cily fast approaching 30,000 inhabitants, and Pyrmont was becoming gradually populated. What was more striking than even that great increase was the rapid and marked manner in which commercial business had settled down on the western side of the city. As far as he could judge, the western side of the city bid fair to become one great masB of commercial stores and warehouses. Then they had a great population at North Shore, at Balmain and Pyrmont ; a marked and rapid change in the character of tbe city on the western side, an well as a general growth of population in the Eastern suburbs, and the growth and im portance of tbe city itself. And it seemed to him, but he would not then express s decided opinion, that when the railway was extended, it must be extended in some way to meet the great commercial wants of the city on the western side, and proceed on, and cross by a bridge to meet the railway terminus at North Shore ; affording at the same time a central station for the city ; which he was inclined to think ought to be where the old and discreditable markets were situated. That seemed to him the best way to carry out this enormous work. He would be in favour of the railway being continued not far from the water along tbe western side of the city, . so as to serve the purposes of commerce, and then proceed to the Circular Quay with a station somewhere near Dawes Point, and connected by a railway bridge to Milson's Point to join the l'ne from Pearce'e Corner. That wonld involve some large central station for passengers, whiob wonld find a snitable site somewhere near the George-street markets. He did not mean to say that wonld be the only station— there mnst be others. He was certainly in favour of the railway coming to Circular Quay, but not by any of the rentes which had been considered so far. He did not know whether his idea wonld meet with the snnnort of bis colleagues. He had not yet brought it under their notice, but he promised to bring the representations of the depntation before the Cabinet, and if they came to a decision no time would be Tost in asking the sanction of Parliament with a view to carry ing it. out.. Sewing up their Pockets.— On Wednesday night in the Legislative Assembly Mr- Haynes asked the Postmaster- General, without notice, if he would take steps to remove an indignity that had been placed upon the postmen. 8ome months ago a number of postmen in the head office were snspected of petty robberies of letters and Government property, and orders were given that the men's trousers should in future be made without pockets. Subsequent to this it was discovered that in no case were the men snspected guilty in any way whatever. The offenders were found in another part of the department, bnt notwithstanding, these post men were labouring nnder this outrageous insult. He wished to know if the Postmaster- General would have the pockets restored to their trousers ? The Hon. Mr. Roberts said that this was the first time tbe matter was brought under his notice, and he would not like to make any promise without making an inquiry. In deciding this question the interest of the public would of course have to be considered. Sabbath Recreation of the "Saints" in "Holy Ireland." — A cablegram to the Daily Telegraph tells that last Sunday, " an extraordinary scene took place at Woodford, in County Galway. The corpse of a well-known resident, who in his lifetime bad been boycotted, was disin terred by a large number of people and was afterwards disgracefully abused." And yet the adherents of the Irish National League, protest against the Papal decree against boy-' cotting and the plan of campaign, in what Cardinal Moran and the Roman Catholic Irish, are fond of designating as " brave and holy Ireland ; . tbe land of saints." The charaoter of the Papal saints in Galway is well illustrated by their innocent pastime last Sunday. 