UNDER YA MUMS ASS [By THE MEMBER FOR SALTBUSH.] Ah[?] If the reader could but [?]ear the long drawn [?] of satisfaction which ac-<*> companied the writing of that short money [?] It has a world of meaning Is It. It means the intense feeling of ntlf-eatisfaction that, labor having been dose, pleasure is to hold sway. The work of Parliament has been accom pHfened; with it the weekly lucubrations of the " Member for Saltbuah" will cease. It ii sometimes pleasant to look back on the pact; of toner it is better to look for- | ward to the future. We are near l?g a season universally held to be festive. We forget all our worries, all our little weaknesses, all our little mean* Tteuea ; we imagine ourselves new beings, and we wish heartily to friend and foe dike "A merry Christmas and a happy new year." That all his readers may have a happy Christmas, and that the coming new year may be fraught with unlimited blessings to them, is the Binoereet desire of the "Member for Salt bush menta.'a« these, let him present to his readers ome of the expressions of tbe prominent Politicians of only premising that he Is not responsible for any but the concluding stanzas: — The Premier's Stort. And (o the sesaie&'B ever; at length our work is dose. Vi*w tmgkt our tattles bravely and well taMed rest have wen. no easy struggle tort; lfest waxfly did we proceed ere we could reach taectoce. . My eeliesfctie* are exhausted, and shamed do I eoefew, I, of the Herenlf an strength, am glad of the Apart fwea work which I doat miad, the vitiated sir Wfcfeh we have breathed co many nights was •Maetbaa I could bear. Till botrid pains neuralgic have coursed adown uy sfaeek, Aa?umetimes in times troublous I found I could not epeak. Bight glad I handed over to Kingston bold the Ya fuckin bitch $@Y@!M Out Amknatic Caarfcy fights on a side that galas; Cetes new baa latent to follow, C?tt would sot • tafcetbelewd, Wlafe Johnson would mush rat&er; at in hia Blaoea?dvead. ItV bothered me quite often to ccc the weary mile Sfcajfa fettled on our Franty'e face so very losg awhile. Bta test -bay even soothe him and calm his tMaftHsg nerves, Ami when be goes to Beunwk bell get what hedetertes. The story of the sesuou? Well, there's not much to tell, We oee of aew-forrced partiee, who aid their duty well, That tfnty being strictly to torn tbe Gov*ment trot. But CbeyU not reckoned numbers, and so they sOflercdnmt. As «o the Opposition, they really lost their head. For Dewier .tock no interest, while Coekbara tafeht have led. Eat wouldn't erots his chieftain, a loyal chap ikfce. I wist he'd join our forces; twould be reKef to ate. SespMbng Bills enacted, tbe ene I mention Xfeah «tth tbe Federal Council, which Ebby Hanks tbe worst TbM>*B to our genial Charley, a loss waa made a-win, AM ia-tfce Upper Chamber it passed without a grin. Xfekt year we meet in Hobart—* picnic! Wen, p'raps «o. Bator* of each a picnic, much greater things It ootaafroft m Ebby, and nothing wtU I trow, T3l HoasnMe Ebby be is by right yon kaow. Afed tbea 8? Chinese measure, t&at; was a oreaaral fight! For friends and foes mated, to pot it out of tight} Bet we stock to o& odors, asd came oat tight at last, For colors Each as onre are we watraot to stick fast. Tbat icraidpal meature «on*ehow got blotted eat, Whixfc v^xed Sir Edwin's tpirit, without the «tiCbta«tdoabt;- Xn fact, next seadoneavly be probably wiU try Tn'tnisater a potion thatVsaake tbe fXramai die. Sowiey'a Outer Harbor BtO, that also case to grief; I nope our Rowley's vessel wifl aotf onnder oa a Wby go throogb tbe painful bat! Sotfice i that we know .— -■•5 We tried a good deal ts achieve, and did but •oaadeo. If aesft year weVe in office well carry all our BJU; Asd aew for Nottoa'a Sammfi, my borne arcMtgtte bffis. Sib Sobs Dowser's Stoet. Seats? ! Of ODnrse wete beseea, 1 kaew it from _ Hie fart, ■ Sure ne'er wss Opposfbon so very toiSy nuned. PdxJomieda6ttiiJE«etciDe, Ipanted far tbe Sut ao enebtocght tbe winner—they all fail run away. I cannot bear outeidcrc, mine is a winning mount, Aafl what's the use of people wbo really citmot TbeAtactK of a victory? I want to kno-w my fcOTHS "VtrlMi I am in the saddle can ecauxper o'er the *£CUtSS Aa4 wm in test a canter—no bother with the wnip, 3ffo 'need of TeckJess cpumng, Uvit rather navflno grip*-* An! titati?tneernsation: to feel your victory •ore, *Eo warDy watch the others to see how they en 4en, And then without struggle away, St Guiamme tteday. ghost despondent is Premier, no other moant Will do A tonethrtV wortii a tfaoimmd, tome, ere'en to yon; d Z know, for torn I've ridden for quite a brace of year*. " Asdt>eaad I both parted amid mort geovine tears, Xot, ah|s me, all Bus dreaming will Dot soy aim achieve. Tne racing seoion'E ended, tbe racing men all grieve. Wbea once more we assemble on the scene torced track You"Q see the coming winner, this jockey on feu back; TO let rfcf trainer Cockborn do alltbeneelfal work, A good bard waiting beggar who ne'er will Aotf shirk; EeTl tang him to tbe paddock in a condition To win the stoutest battle that ever yet wss tit. And when I'm in tie caddie the crowd wQI tinge asd cfceer For " plucky Sir John Downer, another Tee ttitrt here."' ThtD with a strong advance ED lead, till coming down tbe ataugfct AH others are seen vanquished; they've made tbeir epnrt too late. liien datihicg past the judgee, I listen to the din Wiicb riept. lowJ prockmii?g, Johs Dowser's Plcckt Wn, Ms- Bcbgotse's SroEr. 1 em not aapcrtifig ova, bat Til tell yon what Icmj Of my teelings oa the seation tbat has past; Xvi I mart withhold scy talcs UO I do ooaa-jlt my tcalet, Tv is matters of this sort we can't go fart. TvealogicUy-beiltnund, and wbea I am in clined Can diecuts a qtiestion either right or wrong; So bat luten unto toe, and ru try to make lon ccc \giUi 01 ej«*. and ptomiae not to keep yon long. In the Ecae we do divide when a question weoVctde, Acd it's only right and proper for tbe State; Ect ineteed of parties two I had thought tbat we ttigbt do Witt another, aad I formed it, sntesefate, Xut aiam ?y iiopea wete eborn by n gTitiHi«i?in nai?cd Ben, Wbo, though emurt, ie quite too often bat a bore; And wlwn I thought I reigned, my feelings he at&ch; pained JSr fanwfio? of * part?—somber * oar. See win I'm cure not guess how I tried to cesJerer, With tbe hope thst I the tvo might yet have feat 4hJy didnt eeem to see that they realiy •ranted ate, Aad w fact tbey aknott sneeied at my grey bead. Btffl jon will uoderat&nd; I have the upper jbani Cf Ml*Mt«ae little section in tbe Hoosa Bo IV a^.iorwrsasw.aiKi wbeaxaer* oomes a«e?aa«« *t?ear|re twotd to eend fcr me, tie n>«a of Tub Chief Scorei-ahi's Stohv. Talk? That I wont, lye talked tiU lam hoarse; That's nothing lor a Minister of course. But wby should I bo worked bard when its hot, And tbe grave sigoecrs do not care a jot For slaughtering wholesale what I have ex plained. Just when I fancy victory I've attained ! And then to be blamed by mj colleagues, too, I think twould cruse a saint to swear—don't you? I've made my mind up, I shall draw tha line At leading up above, 1 shall resign. You think not ? Perhaps 'twould be unfair, 60 111 resign myself to country air. Mb. Baku's Sro?r. I'm sick of aIL That's jutt what you may say, And please doat put it in another way. Out men-bers change their minds most every weak, Being due I thick to Ministerial cbeek. I'll go where politics are quite unknown. Say the Pacific Ides, and reign alone. Me. Tomkin-son's Stort. We are ruled by a clique of unprincipled men. Who do not belong to the famed upper ten, For capital they clearly oare not a jot. But would aend every man of position to pot. There's Playford and Kingston tide o'er us roughihod, And under (be feet ot the masses we're trod, I shall not be sympathised with, I expect. When I repeat my most favored phrase, " I object." The Stort of the " Member for Saltbush." Farewell! Foraix months at the least, When we soay meet again o'er jovial feast. If onsbt I've writ baa served to cause ? smile Tbenfaw, indeed, the writing been worth while; If aught has caused the cbeek to flash with pain Blot out tbe memory—let tv start agata. Tis hard, indeed, some feeling? aot to bit When shooting shafts which have to pais as wit. Farewell, dear readers. If a faithful lew Remember me, I will remember you; l*t'e thankful be upon our changed estate*, For six months bo political debates. 