HER GREAT MISTAKE. CnAPTEll VI. It was hor mother. Swift as lightning's Hush tho truth camo homo to Florence Wnrhurton ; this wonrv sad -faced womnn, whoso very voice had thrilled hor with tho recollootion of somothing onco familiar, was nor motner, _ Tlioy stood togother, tho moon's soft light falling on thom both — tho girl yotmg and hoautiful, just on tho threshold of lifo, a fair, bright future stretching out boforo hor — the mothor prematurely old, hor fnco aged by another hand than Timo's, and yet with just suflttoiont rosomblnnco to her child to saddon _ tho Bpoototor. Eithor Florence wnB a vision of hor mother's do- partod youth nnd innooonco, orthatniothor horsolf was tho counterpart of what sorrow and sufforing might mako hor daughtor. "Mothor I" , Only tho ono word, nnd yot thoso wasted arms wore ronnd hor, the first smilo thoso lips had known for fifteon yoars camo at . that girlish voico, "My cliild ! my darling! Oh! Floronco, my littlo girl who lins grown up away from her mothor, how my lioart has hun- gored for you ! " " Thoy told mo you wore doad," whis pered tho girl ; "110 ono would ovor talk to mo about you. Oh I mothor, I havo . wantod you so." Doris was stroking hor child's hand — not by words did sho nnswor hor, but hor vory touch was a caress. What does it mean ? " nskod Eloronco, wistfully; "why did you koop away from mo, mothor? why did you let papa ' griovo for you ns doad"? " " IIo nover did that, Floronco." " Yos, I havo hoard it again and again ; ho novor hold up his lioad after your loss. His hoart broke thon, though ho lived on for fifteon years." " Floronco, look nt me." The girl raisod hor brown oyos to hor mother's faoo. Something sho saw thoro wont to her vory honrt. " You loved him," sho oried. simply ; "You loved him and mo — and yot you loft . us I " " It was my wrotohod prido. I lovod ' your father as my own lifo, Floronco, hut , his friends lind aiwnys disapproved of his marringe, and his sistors wore novor wonry of trying to sow dissension botwoou us.1' Floronco shivered. " But you lovod onch othor ? " " Ay, but your fathor was a passionate, jealous man. I was young and fair in those days, Florence; I had uot boon onrofully brought up. I lovod mv hus- "band ns my own soul, I trusted liim ns myself — I could not understand Iub doubts of mo. I was his wife ; surely ho ought to boliove in mo, and not givo hood to tho idlo tales his sistors brought him." " And you quarrelled ? " "Wo novor quarrelled," — sho paused, as though to sook words whioh should host convoy hor meaning — " only ono mgnt, stung by lua suspicions, I loft him — I gavo up homo, husband nnd child, just for prido's sako." Floronco folt hor tears falling down hor choeks. _ " Ho holievod tho worst ho could bo liove," wont on Mrs. Warhurton, Blowly ; " my prido had playod into his sisters' hands, it had wracked my own lifo." " But couldn't you linvo gone hack ? " Tho mothor shook hor bond. " Thoro aro somo stops, child, wo can not rotraco— some acts wo can't blot out, though wo would fain wash thom out with our blood. Oh ! how my honrt uchod when I lmd loft my homo, Floronco ! It was liko n dond person's coming bnck to lifo, and f henring liorsolf spokon of ns departed. My homo was broken up ; Mrs. War- burton's doatli was oponly announced ; my husband wont to India ; and thoy placod you, a littlo child, at school." " But how did you learn nil this ? " " Novor mind, I had my ways and monns; onco a term I usod to go to Kou- sington and watch tho girls go for thoir walk. I wntohed you grow from baby hood to childhood, from ohildhood to womanhood, and each timo an awful long- dng enme on_ me to stretch out my hand , and touoli, if it were only your dross — just to fool that you woro mina — mino ! " " And where do you livo— how do you spend your timo ? " " I livo in London. Oh, I find plonty to do— plenty. I camo horo now j ust to soa you. Thoy told mo you wore to bo married, and I longod to wish you joy. I called mysolf an old friond of your mother; I novor thought you would guoss tho truth." "Iti oamo on mo in nil instant — 1 think it was your voice. Didn't vou sing lullabys to mo long ago, whon I was a baby, or why is it your voico soomed to striko somo innor chord in my honrt ? " "And you aro happy ? " "I. am happier tlian I dreamed of, mothor! You will lot mo toll Alan ? you will let mo bring him to you ? " The waif from Caroline-stroot shook hor head. "No." "But I must tell him! How oan I hoop such a eoorot from him ? " "Don't you understand, child," said hor mothor, huarsoly ; " 110 ono would lot you sponk to mo ! Thoy have told you I am dead, for fonr you should try to sook mo out. I am tho shadow in your past — tho one thing in your history you must hide for ever from your husbnud 1 " Florence hesitated. , " You don't know Alan, mothor. Ho is so bravo and gonorous, so strong and true. IIo is always ready to protect tho weak. I think ho would lovo you doarly when he know how you sullorod." Doris trembled liko an nspon leaf. " You must never toll him, Floronco, never, — nover ! Not only would ho for bid all intercourse with mo, hut ho might spurn you for my sako ! " In hor innooonco. in her simplicity, thot reason of hor mother's warning novor' enmo homo to Floronco. Sho only Bnid, sadly, — _ " But if Alan does not know, wo must ho strangors still 1 " " No matter j I can soo you somotiinos, and I will not havo your happiness risked for n foible. Listen, Floronco ! Ichargo you novur to mention my name to Lord Elsdnlo 1 It is your mnthor's first com mand 1 You will koop it for hor sako. ! " And ogninBt evory instinct of hor nature, Floronco Warhurton yioldod. How could sho rofuso this sorrowful, wonry creature, who looked nt hor with oyos so liko hor own, and gavo her tho muthor's lovo sho had so surely missed ? . " I must go ! " she said, nt last slowly. "Mother, will yon writo to mo — will you toll mo how you aro going on ? " Doris shook hor bond. " I will novor writo to you, it might bring troublo upon you. I shall ho in churoh to soo you married, thon whon you como homo I shall hoar whore you are from tho pnpors. And if my hoart hungers for a Bight of you, I can manago it. You'll bo a great lady then, and it won't soom strange if peoplo want to look fit. rmi 1'ho girl lonkod into hor motlior's face, Hor oyos wont from, her dress to hor motlior's. Doris understood. "No," sho said, simply, " I wouldn't tako monoy from you. my darling ; and I onn oarn onough to koop mo from want. It's best for mo to hp busy, Floronco. When a woman's lioart is ns ndar broken as mino, hard work is tho only thing that buvos hor from dwelling on tho past till sho's almost mad with regret and long- ing." Floronco clung to hor with a littlo cry. " Why should thoro be suoh a distnnco batwoon us ? Why should 1 bo a countoss, with silks and volvets and jowols, whilo my mothor toils for daily broad P " " So that you nro happy," answered Doris, slowly, " nothing elso troubles mo now, I think, my darling, it would havo killod mo if tho shadow of my lifo had fallen on yours, to cloud it 1 " It was quito Into whon Floronco found horsolf in hor own room. Hor maid, tired of waiting for hor boll, and hearing from tho othor servants how onriy Bho had loft tlio drawing-room, had decided hor sorvicos would not ho required, and dopnrtod to bod. Miss Warhurton undressed horsolf ; hut ns sho laid hor aching head upon tlio Eillow thoro was a straugo porploxity at or honrt. What did it nil moan ? Why must sho not toll Alan — hor mother was sweot and lovnblo, and a lady ? Why, boc- uuso sho had not got on with hor husband's kin dred, and had boon alienated from him through their maohinations, wqb sho to ho shunned and avoided 1 It was a problem hoyond Floronoo, and boforo it was solved sho fell nsloop. Sho looked tired and languid tho noxt morning. Tho oxoitoinont sho had undor- gono, and tho troubled restless night had loft thoir marks on tho fair faoo, Mrs, Fox oxolaiaiod, whon sho grootod hor, — " What havo you been doing to your- solf? You look as if you had soon a ghost 1 " " I fool tired." " And yot you did nothing yostorday 1 I think you hardly went out all day 1 " Floronco began her breakfast, hoping hor aunt's anxioty was satisfied ; but sho had hardly takon two monthfuls whon Mrs. Fox again interposed, " I am suro you don't look fit to go to Lndy Emily's this morning 1 " Fioronco lmd completely forgotten that sho had ongagod to lunch with hor future kinswoman. " Oh, I shall ho well onough for that ! " But whon Bho vonohod Wcstfiold Lady Emily saw at onco somothing was wrong. Sho said nothing until tho girl had takon off hor wraps nnd was sitting on a low chair by tho firo. " What is tho matter, dear ? " "Nothing." "You look troubled. Are you grow- ing nervous now uiu ist ui jjuceuiuur is so nonr ? " , Tho girl looked at hor friond's face, and sooing nothing hut kindness written there sho got up impetuously, throw horsolf on the ground, buried hor lioad in Lady Emily's lnp, and sobbod as though hor hoart would brook. Hor hostess novor triod to stop her tonrs, Sho know thoy would ho a relief, and sho guossod that something of no common nature was troubling hor favour ito. Sho said nothing, only from time to time sho carossod tho girl's soft hair with a fond motherly touoli. "You aro ovor exoitod," she said, at last. " Surely, doar, you aro not afraid I Alan may soom hard and stern to Btrangors', hut ho lovos you as his own lifo ! " Floronco clung to hor with a convulsive shuddor. "Oh, Lady Emily, will ho lovo mo always — will his lovo last my life J " " You foolish child ; of courso it will 1 " Floronco shuddorod. " I think if it didn't — if Alnn ever re- pontod our mnvringo — or ovor loved ino loss— I should kill mysolf ' It would bo vory wicked, of courso ; hut I could not livo without his lovo." Of all troubles this was tho last Lady Emily oxpected to hoar. To hor, and to nil who saw thom togotlior, it wns ovi- dont that Lord Elsdalo worshipped tho ground his betrothed wnlkod on. Ho was not a man likely to clinngo. To doubt his lovo continuing soornod absurd. "My dear Floronco," said Lady Emily, taking hor hnnd, "how can vou have takon suoh a fonr into your hoad? " " I don't know. Alan hasn't soon muoh of mo ; and ho thinks mo much hotter than I am. Whon ho finds out tho truth, ho " Lady Emily fairly laughod, "Doar, what is tliore for him to find tyit? I don't oxpoot him to mako any very alarming discoveries, I can toil you 1 " A long silence. " Was this all your troublo P " " Not quito." " Can't you trust rao, Floronco _? " Tho girl looked thoughtfully into tho fire, " I wonder bow far a promiso is bind ing ? " Lady Emily felt mystified. " A promise is a vory solemn thing." " Yos. If one promised a friond to . koop thoir seorot, and yot saw it would ho far hotter for thom not to keep it, how thon ? " " Tho promise would ho binding," said Lady Emily, promptly; "for wo could not really know what reason mado them want to keep tho seorot. And, aftor nil they are the host judgo of what is fo thoir happiness." : Lunch was announced, and wjth lunch canie 'Cecil. It was his first meotiug with Floronoo Warhurton sinco ho know sho was to ho his cousin's wifo, He devoted himsolf to hor entertain ment with all his old chivalry. Thoro was nothing in his voico or manner to botray his toolings, and yot all tho white there was but ono thought on his mind — how gladly I10 would liavo stood in Alan's pluco, " I must congratulate you," he said, whon lunch was ovor, and his mothor hail loft thom alono, "I littlo thought, when I mot you in tho trnin, how noar you woro to bo to mo." Floronco hogan playing with Alan's diamond ring. " If only I can mako him happy," sho said, at lost, with a sigh which was almost a sob, " I don't think thoro cnn ho any doubt of that. I wish my doar old chiof had lived to soo his daughtor Countoss Elsdalo. Ho was just tho man to apprcciato Alan," Florence blushod orimsoD at this praieo of her botrotliod. "I wish ho had lived," sho said, simply, " just for Alan's salto." Slio was thinking hail hor father been alivo sho would novor havo beon bur- daned with a seorot she must keep from Cooil baroly understood lior moaning; nnd ho had no timo to ascertain it, for tho door oponod at that momont, and Lord Elsdnlo himsolf appourod. Tho two woro sitting opposite eaoh othor. Floronco's face wns flushed by tho bright, fiery glow from tho hourtli. Cecil's oyos woro full of admiration. At fiist Bight it would not linvo boon unnatural to take thom for lovors. It dawnod 011 Alan that many would think Cocil more suited to tho girl than liiniBolf. Ho camo of a fiercely jealous raco, and at that momont tho spark of distrust was lighted in his heart which was to hoar suoh bittor fruit. Ho spoko to Floronoo iudifforontly onough, and shook hands with his cousin, Cocil was not long in rolioving thom of his presonco, thon the girl slipped ono littlo hnnd into hor lover's. "Alan!" Hor voico seemed to act on him as a mngio spoil. Ho took her in his firms and kissed hor passionately again and again, then ho lookod into hor oyos as though he would road hor vory soul. "Ah 1 " sho whisporod, " I nm so glad you are como buck, I hare missed you so." " Bonlly ! You lovo mo a littlo thon, Floy, though I am nearly twico your ago?" Sho put ono littlo hand lovmgly into his. "Hove you with all my heart," sho said. " I Bliall love you till I die." " Floronco 1" "Yos.". " Do you know what struok mo whon I camo in, what I. was stnpid enough to think?" " I havo 110 idea." "That Cecil would havo boon more fitted to your bright youth than -I," Sho nestlod tho least bit closor. " But I do not lovo Cooil 1 " Alan Btroked her hair caressingly. " Four dnys moro and you will ho all my own," ho cried, eagorly. " Darling, I think I am solfish onough to he glad you havo no one vory near to you — 110 father or mother to loovo for me." It was on hor lips to toll him her secret —tho secret hardly a duy old, and yot suob a bittor burdon to her ; but tho thought of hor solemn promise held hor hack. Florenco nover quito knew how sho passed the next throo days. Sho remom- bered that Alan claimed hor ovory loisuvo momont; that hor aunt's maid was al ways trying on tho drossos sent down hy tho Court modiste. And through it ail sho was dimly conscious that someone lingered in Foxgrovo villago, just to bo noar hor — that somcono was always on the watoh to soo hor when slio walked or drove, and that though tho closest tie united thom, sho had to pass this " some one " without ovon a bow or nod. Tho wedding-day dawnod at last, ono of thoso clear frosty mornings whioh sorao- r, lines como in oariy winter, uortaiuiy, 11 tho old proverb has any truth, Floronco should havo boon happy, for tho winter sunshine pourod into tho room whoro the maids wore dressing hor for hor bridal. She woro a soft whito silk trimmod with rare old lace. A strange super stitious fooling made her desire not to wear tho pearls which had decked hor mothor on that other wedding-day — not yot a score of years ago ; for all orna ment' sho woro a nocklnco of gold sup- lorting a heart-shaped lockot, the gift of ! mrd Elsdnlo. Pussy survoyod her admiringly. "You make a lovely brido— only too real 1 " "But I am real," objeotod Floronoo, "real flesh and blood." " I don't moan that," and Pussy shook hor hoad. " You are much too really in lovo — anyone can soo that hy looking at 3'ou ; you're not thinking of your coronet, or title, or riohos, butjustof ono pnrtioular man. It's lomantio, child, and romance is out of fashion now-a-dnys ! " It was a vory pretty wodding ovoryono said. The slight, childish-looking brido nnd tho tall, stately groom woro a couplo to bo remembered. As sho signoil her name for tho Inst timo in the old familiar fashion it seemod to Florence sho lniut surely bo in a dream. Not fivo months ago slio had boon a caro- losa schoolgirl ; could it ho possiblo that sho was now an English pocress — a wifo ? It scorned so; already tho clorgymnn wns mnkmg a courtoous spoooli to inay Elsdnlo," already Alan's voice spoke of her hy tho tondorest inimo a man can givo a woman. Ho gnvohor his arm, and lod hor proudly down tho aislo, the villago children strew ing flowors in hor path. A donso crowd had gathered at tho porch, and as tho Countoss pnssod to hor carriage a womnn of tho peoplo prossod forward ns though to gain a hotter view. Hor rusty black gown touched tho snowy bridal satin., Lord Elsdalo drew his wifo impulsivoly away, aB though ho could not hoar suoh contuot, and plncod hor in tlio carriage, and thon I10 noticed that she wus trembling from hoad to foot. Thoro wns no voico to toll him that that woman of tlio pooplo was hor mother ; no ono to whisper that whon ho drew hor hastily nsido, as. though lio feared con tamination hy that momentary contact, ho wns parting mother and child, and piercing with yet another wound a hoart well-nigh brokon. pro dr costisiikil. Advehtisino Ciikai i. — Itliasbecome so com mon to writo tlio bcgii ning of uu elegant, in teresting articlo, ami 1 1011 run it into somo ad vertisement, that wo a oid nil such clients, anil simply cnll attention to tlio merits of Dr. Soule's American IIop Bitters in ns plain, honest terms ns possible, to 111 luce pooplo to giro tliom one trial, ns 110 ono wl > kuowB their vnluo will ever uso anything 1 Iso.— " Providouco Ad vertiser." 