A WORD ON MUSIC. {CONTRIBUTED. ) It is looked upon in these times as an indisp-n-able part of the education of every girl that she be able to play—or torture—a piano. Whenever the virtues and accomplishments of the modem young lady are described and catalogued, the most honorable place in the schedule is always occupied by a description of her abilities as a musician. It matters not that she knowB nothing of any useful art or occupation, provided she can extract harmony, or discord—-it is of little moment -which—from an unoffending piano. There is other nipiming and nse in music than that te which your accomplished young lady pnts it—or even your skilled musician. Your musical girl is usually the brightest star of those brilliant constellations of wit, education, and talent, known as •"evenings." When asked to play eh? acquiesc* s with as much gracioasness and self-unconciousness as might have belonged to Orpheus. While the player is thumping oat her farrago of meaningless sounds, the audience display their pre-eminence in goodbreeding an<1 refinement b. talking to each -other. VVben she has finished, they ahow their judgment by applauding and complimenting what they have not been listening to; the pltyer believea she is inpi&session; of an atttinman* of which she should be proud, which is of inc deniable value to mankind and without which they woald in danger of sinking into barbarism. An accomplishment is neeesfarv only so far is it is nsefuL aud useful only so bras it is good, In the confusion of sound which passes by the n ime nf music, ud at she practice of which an educated (!) g'ri spends hoars of valuable lime, we eee the level to whicŁ a coble art is degra-led. To quite other purpose than that of wasting time was music pat in the army of Cromwell, and in the -company of ftouget de Tlsle. The hymns of the Given inters had a m tailing for Boibert Ba rns, as also had the songs of Tyrhaus f,»r the Spartans. For what porpose is all this banging and thutnoing which goes by the nam- of music? We • have ''Fantastic symphonies" the tones of which areeunposei t > give us pictures of lovers who have tiken opium aad are troubled with all kinds of brai-i-d i-crdered visions in consequence. Then we have chases, ghosts, sea-pieces, landscapes, storms, and hobgoblins, ali as full of meaning to its studenta as eo many Hamlets and Tempests. The attainment of all this is called culture, and the ajnbition of those who profess it is to grind into' the brains of th«ir and its admircn. Mnmc is, as an accomplishment, but an intellectual recreation, and when it is pursued to the exclusion of more useful, bat seemingly less brilliant knowledge, it indicate barrenness somewhere. Its place in education is asa recreation, and its place in Art is to ally it to noble words in such a manner that the repetition of die sound brings to the listener tile remembrance of the worlds. In Education arad io. Art it has degenerated into Cant 