TELEGRAPHIC®E WS i(From the West, Australitm.) (Received during*the week..) Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, -returns .'to Victoria in October. He has arranged to es tablish in *the colony cthe orders of the Sisters of Nazareth, *md the Fathers of the Congregation 'of the Holy Ghost The English wheat market is strong in tone ^wid prices remain unchangei. The Continental market his inactive and 'the American market declining. The spot quotation at New York for No. 2 red winter wheat is 96 cents. Australian wheat is guoled at 34s. per quarters. New Zealand long berried wheat"is (fetching 36s. §d. For for ward- shipments of Australian wheat buyers offer 85s. 6.^per quarter. Percy Lordson, a resident -of "St. Kilda, while meeting a train in Mind ers street, attempted to jump into one of the carriages, and mis-ing his foot ing fell Hi- body was torn and fiiiikshetl Pt • pi ces The official report of the proceed ings at fcthe Pan-Anglican Conference has been published. *With regard to the question of divorce the conference has resolved that the Church will mot recognise divorce unless dt has been eaused through adultery, and that it will refuse to re-marry those who having been guilty of adultery, have been divorced. It *1uub also been de eid d that polygannsis shall not \\*r ft' loweil jjto participate in tLni iitv m>r baptism A committee of the Con fer nee reported favourably upon giving colonial primates the gtitle of Archbi shop, but the question still remains un decided. Mr. John Houston, a J.P., died sud denly at Beualla on Saturday. He was having tea whe.na piece of meat got into his w'i dpipe and choked him. The Chinamen who were not allowed to land in Australia appear to have been giving trouble at Hongkong. On the arrival of the Changsha, the return ed Mongolians proceeded in a body to 1 the offices of the agents, where they demanded the return of their passage, money. The native police had to -be called in, and th6 rioters were given in charge and fined. The Chinese by the A/glum refused to leave the vessel at Hongkong, anfl had to be forcibly re moved by the police. Seven hundred lots of Karri were of fered for sale in Xoindon .the .other day, but the assortment was a poor one, and j the greater part of it was withdrawn. Some heavy wagering has been, done! during ithe last few days in Melbourne over the approaching Melbourne Cup. Malu, who on account of his win in the] Grand National Hurdles, has proved.! that his long rest has done him a little| harm, is being well supported. (Onej thousand to thirty was taken about the j Cup winner of 1884, on Saturday after-, noon. Australian Peer has been in quired after, and^the best price avail able is a thousand to forty. The New Zealand colt, Mixim, was backed to]j win ten thousand at a thousandrto thirty-, five1 and forty. The pen was, however,' marked through-the colt's name, which naturally caused great <consternation | amongst backers. Ik the United States JSenate, Senator I Blair Irs introrlrcel -ft resolution ndvo-! eating the ex, <-d>e..ay of entering into negotiations vVith hnglaud fora political union between Canada and the United] States. "In the Httuse of Commons the other night Sir Jas. Ferguson, Under-Secre tary for Foreign Affairs, stated that he had no hope that the French •would re admit the Kevd. Mr. 'Jones to the Friendly 'Islands. Nothing had been jjroved against him affecting his charac ter, and be/(the speaker) believed that he had conducted himself inj a chris tian b&emianner;, and that his work was meritorious. ' Prolonged and serious rioting is I going on at Amiens where the weavers I are on strike. The riot rs are attack ing the cotton factories, and already one has been-saCked and burnt. The gendarmes had. ito be brought into requisition "in order to disperse the mobs, and they'have "beeu compelled to charge with drawn® words before the rioter would give way. Bioting has re-commenced at Faris. Much disturbance took place at the funeral of a Communist, and eventually the police had to charge the mob. Pis tols were fired, and the police retali ated with their sabres. Thirty of the rioters ivere>seriously wounded, On Wednesday the Lord Mayor of London entertained the members of Iter Majesty's Government at ithe Mansion House, at dinner. J n -speeches which fallowed thej banquet, Lord George^Hamilton, the First™ Lord of the Admiralty, referring to ithe naval manoeuvres now-proceeding, said ithat they shpwed that the old methods of warfare were thoroughly unreliable. The latest news which' he had .received from the fleet was that the bombard ment of London was imminent. Lord Salisbury who spoke at considerable length, reviewed the policy of his G<h vernment generally. Hi,s Lordship declared that the Local Government Bill solved a difficulty without injuring vested privileges. As regards the position of England as compared with other nations, her debt was decreasing while their« was increasing, and her credit was far beyond that<of any i other [ European Power. In Ireland the pre-• sent Government would take credit " ha> iug diminished the tyranny of secret and illegal societies over individuals, w'fi'e at the sanm tirr.e, iliey had in cr usi d the saii'-ity of contracts and tianquility had .o & great extent been restored. As regards the outlook on the Continent and abroad, he Jwas con fident that the .rulers of the various states were one and all in favor of ire uninte jvipted peace. The convictsoa was steadily stealing upon all states men, worthy of the name, and it waa altogether unadvisabie< that they should actively interfere in the Bulgarian Question. He believed that the new Emperor of Germany would prove a credit both to his English and to his German ancestry. There was nothing more desirable than the,policies of Boft sia and of Germany should ,proceed to parallel lines ; for peace between Ger many and Bussia, implied in his opis I ion peace for Austria also. A Yankee newspaper says,' We took a new reporter on trial yesterday. He went out to hunt forutems, and after beincr away all day, returned wAh the following, which he said was the best he cou d doYesterday we saws sight'that froze our blood with honor. A-cab man , driving, down Clark Street at -a rqpid pace, was very near running over a nurse and two children. There would have been one of the most heart rending catastrophes ever recorded, had not the nurse with wonderful fore thought, left the children at home be fore she went -out, and providentially stepped into a chemist's shop just be fore ihe cab jpassed. Then, too, the cabman, juBt before reaching the cross mg,<thought'of something 'that Jhe hail forgotten, and^tumihg about, drove iij th qpposite direction.' Had it not been fcr this wonderful concurrence of. favouring -circumstances, a doting father, a oving mother, and affectionate' 1 rot iere and v«n d hnve been plunged irtte ihe deepest woe and most unutterable funeral expenses.' The new reporter will be retained. 