FEMINTNE FASHIONS AND FANCIES. [From our Lady Correspondent.] LONDON, December 23, 1887. Gloves are subject to fashion's caprices, like other articles of dress. Suede kinds are no longer approved for full dress, but white dressed kid gloves are. Not solely, however. Gloves the color of the dress, if pale, are con sidered good taste, and almond shades are worn at other times when the contrast of white gloves would be too marked. Silk gloves, too, are worn, and when they fit well no make of hand Covering looks better. Some very pretty varie ties have been introduced lately—a long white silk glove with fancy top formed of gathers and insertion of opeu wotk and silk embroidery. Very tasteful, too, is a fine silk glove ia every color, round the top of which goea a wide frill ot Spanish silk lace. This last addition is very becoming to the arm, and now that the sleeves of evening dresses are receding upwards bo f_t that ibey threaten to disappear altogether a little ext_ ornament on the gloves, which also iucrea.es their length, is desirable, though it can hardly be said to compensate for the literal shortcomings above, A mere strap and a few knots of ribbon are all tbat fashionable modistes consider necessary to cover the shoulder and arm immediately below that joint. A little extra clothing, if I may bo call it, for the neck ia, however, a feature of present fashion. It may be a moderately wide band of black velvet, fastened with a clasp of brilliants cr paate diamonds, or a ribbon tied simply round tbe throat. A lace lappet with the ends quite short and tied in a neat bow is another fashionable device for dressing tfae neck. Whilst on the subject of evening dress I may cay tbat a bow on tbe side of a fan adds very much to tbe elegance of its appearance. The newest bows are made of ribbon about two inches wide and with looped edges. With loops and dovetailed ends arrange a bow some what resentk—ng a starfish of moderate size; attach to the back two long ends of ribbon, let tbem fall negligently between tiie bow and the handle of the fan, round which twine tbe re maining ribbon, finishing with a pretty knot half way up on the handle. I believed I have remarked on the reoent taste for red material; even brides are choosing red dresses, but I donot greatly approve of that selection. I see a Welsh lady who waa married laat week wore a red velvet overdress above a petticoat of Honiton lace, tiie bride-maids being dressed in cream-colored silk, thus en tirely reversing the usual order of things. It is not common to see the bride dressed in darker color than her maids. By the tray, the newest bouqutt-holders for bridesmaid, are slippers made of rushes, much trimmed witfa ribbon; tfaey are slung over tiie arm and of course filled witb flowers; their coat is about a guinea each from the floral depot, which seem, rather a huge sum. Ribbon velvet is used to tie bouquets made up ia the usual way, or a fine lace handkerchief may be tied about tbe flower stems instead. A -ary pretty wedding was solemnised last week at Kensington, the bridesmaids at which wore dresses of silver grey surah and plush, bonnets of grey silk lined with cherry colored velvet It ia curious bow suddenly and completely the conjunction of black and red haa seized on the fancy of faahionmoogera. No other com bination has been so popular for a long time, and 1* certainly effective when the oomplexion and hair are favorable. With train and bodioe of red silk (poppy-red surah preferably ) and black laoe skirt a charming dinner or evening toilet is obtained, and in the hair is worn a tiny piece of red ribbon crumpled oa tha top of a hairpin, a amaU tMprey standing erect in tbe middle of the bow. I may re maik that small upright bows of ribbon mot—ted on hairpins and matching the dress color are the nroet fashionable of aU head tiimminga. I read with hated breath at tiie daring of tbe wearer—a recent bride—whose travelling costume was a dark blue serge drest, over which a scarlet covert coat was worn, topped by red doth hat Red hosiery is also in great favor, aod is invariably worn whea scailet appear, in the dsess-trimming or a* part of the dress material itself. Many reasons think they can areas red, yet it ia cer tainly trying to not a few who nave no mis giving! whatever on the point—pale, sallow women, for example. There are reds ami reds, however, and difference of shade is moat important Scarlet ariU suit one, ruby another; tfae purple tones in aome reds are most disas trous to oertain complexions. White is tra ditionaUy tbe oolor for brides, and white doth diesees are not unsuitable for the time of year; nor ia a gown of this kind ao unbecom ing- as might be supposed if a collar and other trimming of golden beaver be worn. I have just aeen a bride* dreaa with a little out-of door jacket trimmed arith thia for, boouet to correspond, and muff also; shoe, and hosiery of tea color, to tone with tbe beaver. It was quite ao ideal costume. When we oon aider how many thousand lamps consmring mineral oils ace bring u*ed io _og_ad aad e_esriKte, I wonder that we do not bear of more casual ties. conoid .-ing the inflammable oatnre of the o_L Some of the lamp, in question are exceedingly dangerous. I bave braid it asserted opm good authority that one-fifth of the fire. _c_ring to property ia London ore attributable to accidents with lamps. A child ur carelee. domestic often upsets one, or a thoughtless person has endeavored to extinoniish the flttne by blowing down the chimney. In each cam —tiie ls_t u:t__tioi—d one especially—the re mit, as moat people are aware, is generally vt ry diiastrous, often cans iug loss of life and ether casualties. Of late years I have been accustomed to nse gaa, bat having beard ao much in praise of the safety lamps invented by a Belgian, I invested in one, and can testify to their worth —at least mine amply justifies tbe pnliseii bestowed upon tins particular make. In fart, I can tiud no fault with it I bave seen .everal in use. The one I purchased is a leading lamp. Tfae flame is very brilliant but the opaque g—*e shade sheds a soft light around. Of courae the lighting capacities are rt Kulated by tbe size of tbe burners and the quantity of oil cortenmrd. My lamp ia ot lucdenlie ei__>, constructed of polUhed brass, und fitted srith a 10 inch opal atude. It fri\\-9 a light equal to twenty stan dard c.im!i."\ c itrt'.miug a_?rt a pint of oil in seven or eight hours. The mineral oU recommended for their use costs from Is. to Is, Ud. j>f r gallon. Tbe fiist-mentioned price is charged for wholesale quantities, from five gallons aod upwards, so that the expeaitture ler night is triflirg compared with gas. For bedroom ute little hand lamps may be pro cured, consuming even lesa oil—about 1 pint in is hours. Ita iUiu_inating powers are equal to ten candles. The oU recej.tacle being metal, tbere is no fear of accidents. A lthoagh these lamps sre remarkably free from smell, 1 donot reccmuerd tbeir ut__ or gaa for burning aU night in Bleeping apartments, the old —ihiooed tallo*' dips or other nukes of candles being 1..g injuitons to health. Shoald the safety lamp be upset the light £oes out the oil caunot be tqiUled, and U.i- re<_ voir being of metal it is oot liable to fracture. Aa a proof of its .a!t-ty 1 may mention au instance that came ux i'er my notice lately. Several little children ?tie —i. by tbeir nun*, alone in the nursery. Tte tittle cm durifg their play accidentally vi .et a lamp of thi. deserijition. Ihe crash t<t tbe gl**s glAie and the sudden darkness frighten—i thi- children, tht-ir screams rec_led the nurse, who guessed what had occurred, and not knowing tfae rafety properties of the lamp dreaded the result? of the mithap. One can (.ueea her thankfulness when she saw thit li. r worst fears were not realised—the room wa. notin flames and the littleonoa were unhurt, only frighten cd. Bad the lamp been vue oi the ord maty kind gent-rally used iv country _i?U-_ it is possible that the poor children wuu.'d bave been burced to death before the nurse tu.a time to n-ecut. them. 1 think for nurstry t._;' a suspended light is advisable. Twelfth 1 *?y customs are now less r.ealou_y observed thau those which attend the earlier festivals of Christmas and the new year. Pew tie—ions —teiu to know why there ia aay Cole br&tiou; i.f Twelfth Dty. It is generally sup posed to have originated with King Arthur, who established twelve days after Christmas as holidays, of which Kpip_>uy wss the last. These twelve days were dedicated to the twelve ap—ties, and it was customary in some parts of England for one large and twelve small fiie. to be lighted on the eve of the Epiph&ny;, intended to represent out Lord and His apottles. The fire for Judas Iscariot sras put out as boou as lighted and the ashes scat tered about bnt tbe remaining twelve were a'lou _ to burn an long as possible, various inferences for the ensuing year being drawn fiom the manner in which they burned. I do not approve of keeping diaries. It is useful, certainly, to make a few memoranda, but not an exhaustive entry of one's feeling? aud opinions. Time often changes both, and it it- not Well that private records should pass into the hands of others, who may misinterpret and turn them againtt one's self, ac has so often been done. 1 kept a careful and elaborate diary for nine years. A day came wben it wsb necessary 1 should look over what I had written. Could tbe writer of the last have penned the first diaiy . I might have doubted had I not memory and the evidence of my eyes to prove identity. As a rule our present self, wise in tbe light of after knowledge and more ex perience, looks down with scorn and contempt on the .elf tbat eras lesa mature. At aU events I felt so humiliated by what I read that I made a grand holocaust of 10 years' diaries,.-— have never kept anything approaching a record of t_y doings since. I do not eet up for an authority, but I am of opinion that whatever inconvenience I have suffered ar am likely to suffer from not keeping a diary is more than ct—.titerbalanced by the thought that none exists to rise up like a ghost of the past and condemn me nnder my own hand. One cannot help reading animosities and disruptions that ought never to be chronicled; and though one may say what one likes about oneself — wisely or unwisely—one has no right to make history of the actions of others, nor to sit ia iidgnent upon them, giving them naturally the color which our interpretation puts up_i them. The keeper's diacp is iv.t therefore a purely personal thing, aod had best bs let alone. Each year whea I see lists of compre hensive diaries for stale I shudder when I think of tiie undoing they may be instrumental in bringing about Almanacs aod diaries are produced simultaneously, and the former are certainly u_—_ without aay of the drawbacks which attend the other pubUcatioa. The first .___tc in England was printed in Oxford in 1673. Ti*ere were, aaya an autho rity, nearly thirty thon_*—d of them printed, beside a sheet almanac, for twopence, that was printed for that particular year, because the novelty of the issue caused such a great sa.e that a second smaUer edition at a cheaper rate bad to be thrown off. The Society ot Book sellers bought the copy, in order to keep the profits in their own hands. We should regard the almanac as a general referee, without which humble encyclopaedia no household, eveu the most illiterate, is found, t wonder how it I was possible to carry on the business of life without its modest assistance. Most persons like oysters, 'and there are many ways of serving them beside that simp!—t of all—a dressing of pepper, vinegar, and salt. Eaten thus only the beat oysters are ad missible; but cooked oysters, provided they are freeh, need not be Whitst-bles, I think, Oysters may be kept several days by feeding. A cloth should be laid over them, and a little salt and water supplied from time to time. Some persons feed with a sprinkling of oatmeal in the water, and I have aeen oysters become fat on the process, but am told they de teriorate in flavor though they gain in size. A nice little impromptu rapper dish is the following:—Take fresh oysters of good size, and cut extremely thia as many rashers of bacon as tbere are oysters, season, and roU each oyster ia bacon, skewer neatly, put in a tin, and bake in a slow oven; serve on hot buttered toa.t. Another dainty dish, good enough to eet before a king, U made thus: — Take potted hsnt and incorporate witb fine breadcrumbs and beaten egg; mould in a dessert spoon, snd fry in hot fat; serve on sippets of fried bread and with rashers of bacon. Three Spanish onions naked anl served witb dressing of oUed butter, pepper, Bait, cajenne, and grated cheese make a delirious if homely supper dish. Some people boil their turkeys, but I tally agree with the first two lines of an old rhyme respecting this mode of coating a turkey. It reads thus: — Turkey boiled is turkey spoil. 1, And a turkey roast is turkey .net, j But for turkey braised the Lord be praised. i The process of braising gives additional flivor to all meats, and should be applied to any j poultry or meat, whioh are of a dry and flavor less natare. Even old, dry, and tough meats and poultry may be rendered more tender and juicy by being submitted to this process. Fani_i— who have not the convenience of a —raieing-pat may obtain the same effect if they put the meat in a pot aod cover close, placing | it in a moderate oven, where it ahoald be allowed to stew very gently until cooked. Proceed thoa Stuff the bird as follows:— Mince four ounces of beef suet, mix arith it half a pound of breadcrumbs, pepper, ealt, and the squeeze of a lemon. Boil a score of cbesarnta, tree from bu-ke, and pound in mortar; combine with two eggs well beaten. Then put the bird in tbe pan with two carrots, oae turnip, three onions, a little parsley, four cloves, a blade of i mace, and a few peppercorns; moisten arith sufficient stock or water to cover and let it ! simmer in a slow oven tiro boom, beating well in its own liquor. When cooked drain and t-aoein a haking-dishaadset in ao oven to glaze, basting often with its own extract When tiie turkey presents a rich gloasy surface dtsh and j serve. Thicken tiie liquor and poor over. I Few persona make apple sauce properly, yet I pork, goose, sod docks are served with it , The fallowing is a great improvement oa the kind usually set to table: —Peel a pound of apples, cut in slices, remove the core, put in a etewpan witfa four ounces of white sugar, oae ounce of batter, two tablespoon!—.s of water. Stew gently over a alow fire. 