THE LATE EMPEROR WILLIAM. ' The breadth of human sympathy is conspi cuously illustrated by the death of great men. \Ye may know but little relating to their life, and that little may not always call forth oar approval: but- when the news of their death is flashed from one end of the , world to the other, and we are aware that tbe actor has for ever bade adiott to the earthly stage, genius commands a passiug tribute of respect and a suddenly abstracted power leaves millions in awe- strtick contemplation of the momentary blank. The same people who many years ago rejoiced over the recovery of the Prince of Wales from tbe ravages oi fever wept when tbey heard of -the assassination of Garfield, the President of a vast Re- puolic and the exponent of . principles sub versive of monarchical rule : and oar readers would every one receive with feelings of tender sympathy and becoming reverence tho intel ligence of the death of tbo Emperor William, dogged hater of democracy as ha was. The life of the great potentate whose dead body now lies in solemn state was as busy as it was long. 'From the nature of the case it was infinitely more eventful than the life of one of our own monurchs of to-day could possibly be. But it was not a life of to-day any more than many of the buildings that we found around lis when we first opened our eyes to the light and that may stiil survive the storm ot years are representative, of the architectural idea of our times. The late Emperor's career began in the closing years of the last century. It flowed iu a ioug aud often troublous stream through the hot hear: of the present century. It wa» associated more or. less intimately with ail the great events of Europe since tbe battle of Waterloo. Its force was derived from the haughty traditions of . an overpowering name- Its current, always pressing in tbe direction of despotic rule/ chafed against modern modes of Government, and Its historic course was from beginning to end one loug and nogry protest against the vital powers of TJth century Liberalism, In many respects the life of the Em peror William bears analogy to that of Frederick the Great;, but though it loses much by comparison' it nevertheless pabsea into history .us one. of. tho most remark able lives of the epoch. Like Frederick the Great, tbe lato Emperor wa3 a victorious General. From his youth he bad been a tuao of war. Frederick, however, was compelled to fight many enemies at the same time— Yi'illiatn never more than one at once. Of these Denmark, Austria aud France were the most formidable. On the other hand William battled all hi9 life against a foe unknown to his greater predecessor. As we are all aware, almost up to the time of his death be was at perpettial feud with, the desire of his own people to claim ' their legitimate share in the government' of their country.' Refcrring'to' this trait of the dead man's character an able biographer has said "The Emperor has often changed friends and enemies according to cir- camstances, but be never put aside his hostility to Parliament, He opposed Us origin daring the reign of his brother, and only submitted to it later on as a soldier submits to unpleasant ordert." In other words he claimed for himself and bis successors the supreme dictatorship of tho people. When he came to tbe throne he placed the crown upon his own bead, and never afterwards did he concede one jot of his belief in the " Divine right of Kings." Thus it is no easy matter with our democratic notions of government to appreciate iu their true light those actions of this great au tocrat that had their foundation in mere political creeds. Wo would rather think of him as a kindly old man, with deep emotions, simple ideas on tho mysteries of religion and a tenacious grasp of life that bos at length relaxed aud given up the ghost. As n child the Emperor was feeble and delicate. Ho was the second son of B'rederick William III. and Princess Louise of Mecklen- burg-Strelitz, and was born in the year 17t7. When 10 years old he joined the army as a sab- lieutenant. His parents were at t-be time in exile at Konigburg und a French army occu pied Berlin. Writing to the boy's grandfather tlia Princess said, "Unless I am mistaken our son William will be like, his father— simple, upright and siuccrc." She impressed him, as her other children, with a hatred of the French; and has history can tell, her early teachings iu that direction bore bitter fruit in after years. He took an active part iu tbe campaigns of 118 and 1813, and, like a brave young man, was often iu tbe hottest of the. fire.. When Napoleon's fate was sealed and Prussia had for a while shaken off her euemie3, Prince William, then nnder 20 years of age, visited England and shared in the ovation extended by the people of London to his . father. That was not the only time in his life when the lato Emperor received kindness from tbe British aristocracy, and, indeed, it was far from being the occasion npon which he stood most iu need of it. Returning to Prussia, this very young man was appointed to :t coloneicy in the army and a scat in the Council of State. In 1820— nearly GO years ago— he married the daughter of the Grand Duke Charles 'Frederick. The mutch was a purely political affair, andi indeed, what mo3t people would regard 09 the sadly prosaic consummation of an ardent love for another young lady. The Princo bad been for some lime attached to the daughter of an illustrious Polish nobleman. Unfortunately for hi zeal, however, the rules of the Prussian Court debarred its princes choosing wives from other than reigning houses. This was disap pointing to the lovers who hod perhaps over looked, of at least trusted to overcoming tho time-honored custom. Still, whiist there was a chance there was no lack of effort on the part of tbe Prince to improve it. The Lord Chancellor in ''lolanthe" doe no: exercise morojogeuaity in unravelllug the legal web that binds his amorous inclinations towards the ward than this Prince oi Royal blood exercised in check- matiug in this particular iusiance the sticklers for an absolutely, correct alliance.' In vain it was urged that the young lady's house was as noble as that of the Emperor of Prussia. In vain the Prince reiterated his affection for the charming Eliae. In vain tbe young man's uncle came to tbe rescue. "If it is. necessary that tbe brido should be of a reign- Lug house," he naively suggested, "she bad better live with me as an adopted daughter." But even that would not overcome the scruples - of tiie lawyers. A cold-blooded - uoion was inevitable. The. Emperor, then pressed the affair on his son as a matter of duty— an oppor tunity for selfacrifice for tha public weal— and it is said that as such he accepted the challenge without a moment's hesitation and was dutifully married to the princess whom he. did uot iove. At length, in 1840,; the, old king died, and, the. .elder .of the Royal- brothers ascended the throne. Frederick 'William IV. was at that time 45 'years of age, and without children, so that it Was tolerably certain nearly 50 years ago that the late Emperor or his son, the present Crown Prince, Would some day sway the destinies of Prussia. Albeit few people could have imagiued then that the Prussia of that day would be represented by the powerful Gcrmau Empire of this present year of grace. Prluce William was at ouce appointed to tbe presidency of the Council ot State and also the Council of Ministers. For the first time his real weight in tbe country, and tbe tendency that that influence would have, became ap parent. And it did not presage well for the Prince's happiness. He had the misfortune almost from the start to fall foul of the Liberal leaders and their followers. The people were calling out for constitutional government. The King was opposed to it, but willing to make some concessions. The Prince was uncom promising in his objections ; and though as yet his position was merely that of an adviser, he soon became the mark at which reformers shot their venom, and when, after a while, a miserable attempt at hybrid government broke down and the crisis came, he was the scapegoat that went into exile with the sins of his party fastened upon him. It arose in this way : The army was recognised as the foundation of feudal power. The late Emptor,, then known as the Crown Prince, was the head of the army. His house was surrounded. The mob clamored for admission. By somebody's orders the yells were answered with a shower of bullets. The Prince was charged with the sanguinary work. His friends, unable to shield themselves and him as well, advised him to leave the conntry ; - and, that officially exiled, he crossed over to England. It was then that the British lordling posed as " a friend indeed." The aristocracy threw their homes open to the distinguished wanderer. Sir Robert Peel tried to enlighten his mind respect ing the advantages of popular institutions. The Queen took him up, as she has taken German princes up ever since. " He pleases me very much," she wrote. " He is very cheerful, agree able, amiable and intelligent, and his manners are free and easy." Prince Albert was kind to him. "He is attacked because he is feared," he wrote, and added, "Yet he has a noble, honest mind.'' Prince William learned English from the pro fessors, but he was incapable of learning to do more than appreciate the English Constitu tion. "It does very well for you," he said, "but it would be an impossibility for Ger many." Like many an English politician in his disposition towards Ireland to-day, the German Prince was bent upon withholding from his own country tho institutions for which the people clamored until he could see around him a state of society which those institutions alone could produce. But this is perhaps giving Prince William credit for more, than he deserved. As a matter of fact he could hardly have wished to see Germany prepared for a form of Government that he was unwilling to concede. The fury of the Liberals subsided. It was safe once again for the Prince to show himself to the German populace. At the same time be deemed it advisable to accord at all events a half-hearted consent to a scheme of half-hearted reform. In this temper he took his seat in the National Assembly as a representative legisla tor. The Tories cheered to the echo when be appeared in the Chamber. The Liberals ignored his presence. The Speaker called upon him as "the member for Wirsitz." He delivered a single address and left the House never again to enter it in the capacity of a popular repre sentative. The Prince had been restored to his country, but whether he bad won the affection of the masses was qnite another thing. To all appearances he had not. But a day . was coming when he was destined to prove either their love or thelr endurance. In 1858 his' son, the Crown Prince, whose critical state is to-day one of the most serious causes of uneasiness in Europe, was married to tho eldest daughter of Queen Victoria. About the same time the reigning 'monarch of Germany was seized with apoplexy and so dangerously shaken in mind that it was evident he would never again be in a position to exercise, his kingly function. The heir apparent was ap pointed regent, and his brother dying on the closing day of the year 1860 he stepped on to the vacant throne and, as we have seen, pre saged the tone of his future policy by placing the crown upon his own head. So he was an old man when he came to the throne— ibis very old Emperor who has just been gathered to bis fathers. Sixty-three years la a mature age to begin life even as a king. But the Prince Regent was no novice at the craft.; For nearly haif-a-century he had breasted a still stronger light than that which is said to beat npon a throne ; and he knew his power, and knew, too, exactly where it lay. He was not popular. But the fickleness of the multi tude is proverbial, and he did not count upon the love of a people whom It was his business to rule rather than to please. The Liberal party was still the thorn in his side. From the first the new king was bent upon strengthening the army ; and the Liberals were inimical to a continuation of military aggrandisement. Still he had promised to abide by the very moderate constitution that was then in existence; and, although he declared that he would grant the Parliament no more tbnn the right of assisting him in tbe legislation of the country, he said that he would stand by his pledge. At the outset he was fortunate in the choice of advisers. He signalled General Von Roon from the army chieftains as his Minister of War, to Von Moltke he entrusted the plans of future cam paigning, and to Bismarck be allotted the con genial task of drilling the Parliament into sub mission. As for himself, he was determined to keep Prussia to the front at the expense of the German Duchies and in spite of the threatening attitude of Austria. The struggles with thie Liberal party con tinued. Indeed, after Bismarck's appointment to the leadership of the Government in 1862 it seemed as though nothing could save, the country from civil war. Just then, however, the attention of the people was adroitly turned from their own affairs to those of other nations. Austria and Prussia went to war with Denmark ; and the allies, winning the day, began to fight amongst themselves for the spoils. William and the royal princes took the field. The needle-gun was brought into effective play by his army, and the Austrians were soon compelled to treat for terms. This was the beginning of happier relations between William and his people. The Conservatives gained a majority in Parliament, and the Liberals, willing to accord some lati tude to a successful Sovereign, modified the tone of their demands. Indeed, the King emerged from the war of 1866 the military chief of the whole of Germany and the real Sovereign of the northern half of tho Germanic Confedera tion. Thus were the first stones of the mighty Empire of modern Germany brought together. The King of Prussia became the head of twenty-two states and the ruler of twenty-nine millions of souls. But the superstructure had yet to be added. And for that purpose a still more san guinary war was at hand. The grand opportunity arrived in 1870. France threw down the gauntlet. Germany rallied her forces. For an instant' fortune favored the Emperor Napoleon ; but it was for an instant only. We all remember how, on August 2, King William took command of his forces, and crossing the French frontier a few days afterwards issued a notice to the inhabitants saying that as the Emperor had declared war against him he was obliged to throw back the aggressor ; but that he was waging war against the French soldiers and not against the peaceful peasantry, to whom he promised safety of person and property. And then, when it was all over and on the fatal field of Sedan the French army shrunk within itself as it lay surrounded by a chain of steel, some of us remember how the third Napoleon handed his sword to "mon frère" and how " men frere " replied:— "While regretting the circum stances under which we meet, I accept your sword and request you to appoint one of your friends with full power to treat about the capi tulation of the army that, has fought so bravely under your orders." Each sovereign —the conqueror and the conquered— was moved by the other's presence. King William never spoke of the war in after years without ascribiug the success of his troops either to the goodness of Providence or tbe skill of his generals and the especial wisdom of Von Moltke. He never took the credit to himself.; Writing to Queen Victoria soon after its termi nation, he declared that he bowed before God in " humble' adoration ;" and In a letter to the King of Saxony he said, "We are now at the end of a war which was imposed upon as with a frivolity of which there is no example in history." Albeit, apart from the grim satis faction of prostrating his enemies/ the result of the war was the immediate cause of the consolidation of the German Empire. On January 18, 1871, in the Hall of Mirrors at Versailles, surrounded by princes and generals, under the standards of his vic torious army, and with that army itself before Paris, William, King of Prussia, was pro claimed Emperor of United Germany. This was the end of domestic policy for which the King and his Chancellor had for years been striving. As long as one German State held aloof William was determined to keep it under the feet of Prussia; but now that the remaining princes had thrown in their lot with the victorious confederacy, he was pleased that each should share the honors that they had helped to thrust upon his country. It was a noble work ; and its accomplishment adorns the memory of one of the best and greatest potentates, of the present century. It is significant, however, and illustrative of the despotic character of the late Emperor, that he ignored the expressed desire of the various Parliaments for annexation and refused to treat the matter seriously until he received the royal word of the petty princes themselves. Thus did the German Empire, with its burden of armament, its miles of parade grounds, its leagues of fortifications, its conscription, its industrial potentialities and its panting peasantry, rise in strength and manhood from a field of slaughter. It is well to remember this when we talk of Bismarckian tactics. The consolidating of the Empire, the welding of the atoms in blood was the origin of a nation whose traditions have not yet lost the taint of 'exploded gunpowder. The life of the late Emperor was twice at tempted by assassins. He was fired upon In the month of May, 1878, by .a tramp named Hodel, and 1 again in June by a Dr. Nobling. The first attempt was happily a failure, but the second conspirator pncceeded in inflicting a serious wound. General Grant, who was visiting Germany at the time, joined in a universal expression of horror. To Prince Bismarck personally the great American spoke in unmeasured terms of condemnation of outrages of all kinds. Bis marck- replied with considerable feeling, eulo- gising the King in the highest terms of per sonal friendship. " Wo see an attack made," he 6said,"oh the life of an old man— one of the best in the world. There never was a man with a- more modest, generous and humane character that the Emperor. . He is quite distinguished from those born in so high a position, or at least from most of them. You know that people of his rank, born ' in the purple,' come to believe themselves different from their fellow-creatures. They place little importance on the feelings and wishes of others. Their whole education tends to suppress sym- pathy. Tho Emperor, on the contrary, is sym pathetic and humane in everything. He has never in his life injured anyone, nor hurt his feelings, nor treated him with harshness/' Few, if any, of the German residents of Sydney were personally acquainted with the late Emperor; but they all agree in speaking of him in terms of affectionate respect. The Consul-General, Mr. Pellarum, did not receive an official announcement of his death until early on Saturday morning. Tho message that reached him then stated that his Majesty gradually sank through sheer exhaustion, and that he passed into death as into a quiet sleep. - Dr. Max, whose son was for a period of 12 mouths page to the Empress, refers to tho kind ness and consideration of the Royal family to those around them. "The Emperor," ho says, " was a very pious man without boing what we call a pietist. Ho bad a particularly tenacious memory, and' forgot neither facts nor faces. Latterly be lived almost exclusively upon soup. . Seven . pounds of beef, four fowls and two pigoon wera boiled together in a great kettle for 21 hours until they were reduced to a nutritions broth, two basins of which the Emperor took each day. His greatest gift was undoubtedly that of reading character, and it was thns that he succeeded in surrounding himself with the wisest heads in the country. He loved tbe army with parental affection. His thought were always those ot a soldier. I remember a scheme originating for the construction of a long straight street across Berlin, which it was intended to carry over the river by a handsome bridge. The plans submitted to the Emperor were em beliiBhcd by a sketch of a party of lifeguards in the act of crossing this bridge. His Majesty glanced them over and . handing them back to the engineer said, ' This is all very nice, bnt don't you see that that horse's bit is wrong.' It is impossible to give an adequate description of tho iove aod affection that the people of Germany eutertained during the last 20 rears for their sovereign. Words cannot express it. He was unpopular when he ascended the throne, but ever since his popu larity has been a matter of daily growth. You have heard oi the historic window at which be presented himself each day to the crowd. His appearance there at l o'clock in the afternoon was one of the principal sights of Berlin. People came from the provinces to gain a glimpse ot the good old man. There was a breathless silence as the time drew near ; and when at length the white head appeared at the window hats flew up into the air and everyone joined iu the cry, 'God bless tbe Emperor.' He always slept on a portable iron fieid bed stead.' He used tho same in .camp daring his many- wars, and: he would repose on no other in the gorgeous bedroom of his palace. It was upon this iron bedstead that he sank peacefully to ret on Frit. ay morning." It may be intsiesting to state in regard to tbe late Emperor's flight from Berlin during tbe reign of bis brother, that it was made from the castle in a wooden box, which being removed curing the night was unobstructed by tbe crowd, who believed that it was a caso of wine. Thns concealed, the then Crown Prince was placed aboard a boat on the Spree and con veyed to Spandan. Daring his exile in Eng land, it is said/ the marriage of bis son, the present Crown Prince, with tbe Princess Royal was arranged by the parents of the parties interested. 