HEWS m BRBEF. VICTORIA- A new etock exchange, to bo known as the Federal, has been formed in Ballarat. All the shares in the venture wero readily taken up. Mr. Fred. E. Day, an old and well known resident of Euretca-stroet, uaiiarat, uieu on oia inst, after a short illness. Ho was for raaDy years connected with the Ballarat Fire Brigade. A boy named Alexander M'Lellan, about 10 years of ago, residing at Argyle Gully, Heath- cote, was thrown from a horse on 5th inst., and the horso either trod on or kicked him in the throat, causing such injuries that ho died the following day. . Mr. Martin Longhlm, J.P., has given £100 towards the cost of the Tom Moor© statue, to bo erected in Sturt-streot, Ballarat. The statue, pedestal, &e.;, have just been completed and Bhippcd at Italy. It is said to bo one of tho finest representations in marble in the world of tho celebrated poet. A fatal accident happened at Myer's Flat, near Sandhurst, on Monday. A drover named Glass, 45 years of age, had yarded a mob ol oattle, and On returning home he took a seat on a wood : t carter's dray, loading his horse whioh suddenly took fright, and pulling back threw Gla6s out of the dray on to his head, killing him Instantly. , . „ The only two lepers who remain of tho nve Originally stationed at the plaoe fixed up for them near tho rifle butts, Ballarat, aro now in a horrible state, and the.dis6aso has so far ad vanced that they are not expected to live much longer. One Chinaman has the whole of his features destroyed, aud the other has neither hands nor feet. Since the Echuca Jubilee Skating Rink opened two accidents have occurred. Tho first was that of a lady visitor, who fell and broke one of tho small bones of her left arm, and 'then a young fellow fell and broke his arm. Several others have received injuries of a slight nature. No wonder the doctors say skating is a lino healthy exercise. It is reported that the local option party in Ballarat East, viewing tobacco smoking as an evil almost as injurious as imbibing intoxicat ing liquor, are about to take steps to induce the Government to reduce the number of tobacconists' shops. With this view au Anti- Tobacco Society is to be organised, to.'endeavor to bring about tho dosired reform. A fatal, accident took placo at the Konong- wootong Sheopwaeh last week. A young man named Win. Cotter, 16 years of age, who re sided at Carapook, was out duck shooting, and either waded or rowed in an old flat-bottomed boat on to tho large sheet of water situate in that locality. By some means the unfortunate youth got out of his depth in the water and was drowned before any assistance conld be ren dered. V An old and respected resident of South Warr- namfcobl had a very narrow escape recently. He was proceeding homewards with two friendB, .wheD, crossing tho bridge, his foot slipped, and he fell into tho river. Without waiting to divest themselves of thoir clothes, his friends both jumped into the river, and after a littlo trouble succeeded in reaching the bank with their friend in tow. With the exception of a severe chill they were none tho worse for their impromptn bath. fSt An inquest was held at Avoca on Monday by Mr." C. W. Carr, P. M. , on tho body of Edward Miles, who was killed in tho Golden Stream company's mine on Friday morning. The evi dence showed that Miles muBt have attempted to grasp something in the water, forgetting that the cage was descending the shaft, and was thus struck on the back and pinned to the ground with his head in 2 feet of water. A verdict was returned that deceased was acci dentally drowned. A child, aged about two years, daughter of Mr?. John Musod, of Bailieston, met with a rtculiar accident some days ago, which as resulted in her death. Tho little girl was running about playing, with a nail about 21 inches in length in her mouth, when she fell full on her face, the nail being forced with considerable violence somo distance down her throat, wounding it and the palate con siderably. Alter some difficulty the mother succeeded in removing the nail, hut symptomB Of blood poisoning sot in, and tho child died -after intense Buffering. It was announced in the Roman Catho lic Charohes on tin ml ay that Dr. Moore, tho Bishop of tho diocese, was about to establish a Roman Catholic college in Ballarat, and with this view would bring to the colony with him in October fivo clergy men of the order of the Holy Ghost, who are to act as professors at the college. Two of the number are Frenchmen aud three Irishmen. All have graduated at the London University. Six secular priests and a community of nuns of . the Little Sisters of Nazareth have also been engaged for the Ballarat diocese. A little boy about 7 years of age, son of Mr. G. M'Donald, residing on the Campaspe, about a mile below tbe junction of the Colihan, met with a very painful accident on Saturday last He came running home a distance of about half a milo from a paddock whero a toma hawk had been left, and whero he had been with a brother, with tbe middle finger and the next finger of the left hand chopped off at tho middle joints. The wounds were so lacerated as to render it necessary to amputate the ' fingers higher up, during which oporation the little fellow, who was not placed under chloro form, bore up manfully. ' » A few days ago several youths were out at Lako Lonsdale, and, in order to got over tbe difficulty generally experienced there of gettiog on to tbe game, armed thomselveB with Martini- Henry rifles. Evidently ignorant or quite re gardless of the distanco that tho bnllB travolled, tbe visitors continued to "blnzo away," to the . imminent danger of tho inhabitants residing in tho neighborhood. The cook at tho survey camp pitched opposite the latoMr. Anthony's bouse had a very narrow escape, a ball pass ing within a few feet of him. Another ball struok the fenoo adjacent to tho tent, and \- eevoral others were embedded in the paddocks surrounding Mr. Harvey's residence. On Sauday a party of ladies and gentlemen left Bennlla for a drive into tho country. Alter . driving for a time the party alighted at a farm houso for a rest. The horses wero taken out, and, whilst tho ladies adjourned to the house, one of the young men, wishing to enjoy the "fragrant weed," mado a "shako down" of overcoats in the buggy. After lighting a cigar and smoking it to the " butt," be dropped it in the buggy and wont for a stroll into tho sur rounding woods. Buring his abeenco the party in the house Baw smoke rising in tho vicinity of the buggy, and were surprieod to find that . their overcoats and wrappings had beea con sumed by tbo flames and that tbo buggy was on fire. 