JMmi0emetit0, THEATRE ROYAL.^ It is generally presumed that when a Shakespearian play is staged for two nights only the performance will be of a somewhat mixed character, bat those who attended che Royal on Friday week to witness the representation of Shakespeare's masterpiece, 'Hamlet,' were sereeably surprised with the completeness of the rniee-en-scene and the highly creditable rendition of the play. It must be attributed to the favor with which the play of ' Hamlet' is received by the public that the Theatre was literally packed from floor to ceiling, and that large numbers of people were unable to gain admission to the building. All parts of the house were alike, standing room being at a premium in the dress circle, as well at in the pit, stalls, and gallery. Not only to tbe ftndent of Shakespeare has the play of ' Haailet' a strange fascination* but playgoers of ali nationalities and creeds have pondered over tbe metaphysical query, ' Waa Hamlet rrad *- 'and have tkionged to each new impsr st uator of the idle to admire or condemn his reading. With so able an actor as Mr. Charles Warner the assurance was given beforehand that his performance would be well worth witnessing, and we are sure that all who were preseut were pleased with the representation, I_detd, at the close of the second act he was called before the footlights and received a perfect ovation, a compliment which was re peated when the greeD curtain fell upon the tiuale. Mr. Warner's Hamlet is more princely and lees melancholy, than many we' have seen. When overwhelmed with sorrow or with the deep deeire to revenge his father's death he is the melancholy Dane, butatotherperiodshepreaents Hamlet to us as a courtier and a noble gentle man. Mr. Warner's appearance favors this impteesion, his tall graceful figure being seen to advantage in his suit of sables, and with light moustache, beard, and hair, his face is Ettffaeletque, and brings back to us recollec tions of Etehter, who we believe was the first to wear a light wig. In some points of the play, too, Mr, Warner reminds us of Irving'a prede cessor at tbe Lyceum, nrhilein general tone and fctyle perhaps his Hamlet most resembles Montgomery's. He speaks the text in a scholarly manner, with clear enunciation and the cadence of voice required to make the situations telling. He perhaps makes fewer *' pointb' than eonoe actors, as. for example, in the utterance of the words ' ' Frailty, thy name is woman.' To deliver this Keau was- wont to advance to the footlights and raise his bands as though he bad made the discovery of a shnck irig trutb. Mr. Warmer delivers the line at the; back of the stage with his hands' folded. The full-length portraits are discarded from the chamber scene, and the actor relies upon the use of two medallion portraits. in the interview with his mother, in which he ' speaks daggers to her, but uses none.' This plan is the more to tbe players he is natural and unaffected, and in all such passages as ia the scene with the gravediggers where he can be to outward seem ing a courtier be for the time being throws aside bis cares. This makes the impersonation more-acceptable to the audience, because their sympathies go out to him as a man, alwajB with the latent hope that he will accomplish bis revenge on bis father's murderer. Mr. Warner's HamJet is not mad ; he makes it apparent that Poloniu?, Risencrantz, Guillen - ttern, and the whole coutg are fooling him to tbe top of his bent, and that to accomplish his purpose in fitting time and manner he must hirrf elf dissemble. PerhapB he is on the verge of actual xriad-ess when h» 'falls a cursing like a very drab,' and afterwards w_en he dis cards OphaJia., and again when he meets Laertes at her grave. Nearly his last words to Horatio are, ' Report me aud my cause aright to the uaeatiafitd. That is the request of one who valued the world's good opinion after he had. wrought out the vengeance which bis father's spirit urged him to.' lathe play Bctue and the final catastrophe Mr. Warner rose to the height of tragedy, and his death weis very impressive. As the ill fated Ophelia Miss Morris was graceful and touching, bat omitted certain, business that we hav been accustomed to in the mad scene. Mr. Vincent made himself usefully effective by doubling the parts of the ghost and the first actor, a£d the other characters in the play were on tbe whole fairly curtained, but do uotCall for special cot-meat, owing to the crowded at— te -ji our coloi-CB. The balance of the cast was as follows ;— Claudius, Mr. Dava Clinton; Polonius, Mr. W, F. Clitherow; Horatio, Mr. Herbert FlemminjO' Laertes, Mr. Frank OateB; Eosencrantz, Jar- Marsh; Guildea stern, Mr. Hambro; Obmc, Mr. Henry; Mar cellus, Mr« Harrison ; Bernardo, Captain Da Burgh ; Francisco, Mr. Bennett ; S tfst Grove dipger, Mr. Ch'therow; Second Gvav-&igger;, Mr. Phillips; Second Actor, Mr, Tore; Gar trtdp, Mies Jenny Watt-Tannor; Ophelia, ~Iiss Isabel Morris ; Player Queen, Miss Beatrice Lysttr. The old comedies, like crusted port, appear to be a taste of the past. It is at eoma riak of want of appreciation on the part of their audienceB that managers put forward a bill for such a piece aa Holer oft 'a 'Road to Ruin.' It serves cettaialy the purpose of giving prominence to the individuality of members of the company in their respective parts, but otherwise has not much in the way of merit to recommend it. Aa those of our readers who are old playgoers, know, Hairy Dornton (Mr. Warner) is the scapegrace eon of old Banker Durnton (Mr. Vincent), atid has carried oa his spendthrift ways until he has eo much em barrassed his father's affairs that tbe bank is about to stop payment. A stormy interview between the fattier aud son, in which the latter finds that he is not only struck out of the fiim, but is also disinherited, leads to Harry ia a tit ol remorse offering himself as tha hutb&nd; of a sprightly and time-serving widow (Miss Anstead), whose daughter Sophia Warren (Bliss Warner) he ia really ia love with. The amorous widow would gladly have - accepted the hand of tbe fashionable youner buck, but a clause in her late husband's will provides tbat if she married again her income should be reductd to six hundred a year. Silky (Mr. Clitherow) a Je«y money-lender, has gained possession of this will, and informs the widow that with his contrivance ahe can become posse-seed of a husband and £150,003, provided tbat she pays him a third of the amount for his eervices. This she is willing to do, b'lt at the last moment berstepson Milford (Mr. Fleming-), wbo has also learned the contents of the will, bus prises lier aud the rascally Silky, young Doifcton having in the meantime sees the eircr of his ways and discarded the. widow in favur of the sporting Goldfiach (Mr. Phillips). Th9 credit of the house of Dornton has been saved by the aid of another partner, Mr, Sulky (Mr, Marsh), and in the end Harry gains tbe hand of the juvenile Sophia, and ettablithes himself fairly in his father's regard. To Mies Flora Anstead as the Widow Warren must be given tbe credit of representing that vivacious and husband-seeking lady in a ligut that created much amusement among -it the audience, A woman verging on the fifties dressed as a gill with a short frock, cut so as to expose the neck and shoulders, and with all the airs of a simpering mis3, is certainly a being of a past generation, but was so impersonated as to evoke a large amount of amusement. Mr. Vincent was genuinely effective as tbe oil banker; and as Silky, the Jew moneylender, Mr. Clitherow gave an admirable character uketch, differing from the 'Old Mo' that we have usually seen in the same situations. Mies Warner was a pretty and girlish Sophia, while Mr. Warner's Harry Dornton was a role that seemed familiar to us from a combination of his previous representations. Mr. Fleming' as Milford and other members of the company sustained their parts with credit. On Wednesday evening there was another large attendancs at the Theatre Royal, when Boucicault's brilliant comedy, 'London Assurance,' was presented, which, though the first of the pieces in which that author won his way to celebrity, is by no means the least worthy of his dramatic efforts. It was in the year 1S41 that it was first presented in London, with Mr. Charles Matthews in the role of Dazzle, Mr. Farren as Sir Harcourt Courtly, Mr. Anderson as Charles, Mrs, Nesbitt as Lady Gay Spanker, and Madame Vestris as Grace Harkaway. With such a cast it is almost needle&s; to say that the piece waa well received, the author, only then kuown aa ' Mr. Lee Morton,' was called, and it became a genuine success. For many years afterwards the piece was identified with Caarles Matthews, and his Dazzle is remembered as the perfection of high comedy, and so well re membered too even in. the. colonies, where he played it with all his old aplomb, that it requiies a skilled artist indeed to follow in his footsteps. Mr. Flemming, whoassumedtherole on Wednesday will understand fully what were' his own shortcomings. He played the part agreeably, and assisted in the humor of the best situations; but the inimitable cool insouciance and daring of the gentlemanly impostor Dazzle is only acquired by stage practitioners perhapB once in a generation. Mr. Warner found a congenial role in Charles Courtly, in which in a free, genial, and offhand fashion he could unite with Dazzle in deceiving his father as to his iden tity, pay court to his father's intended bride, and fcarry; .her off himself, and iuduce Lady Gay Spanker to entwine the gay old spark, Sir Harcourt, in her meshes. As Lady Gay Mies Jenny Watt-Tanner made a very presentable figure, aud maintained the rdle with a vivacionsness in keeping with the assumption that she had marritd Dolly almost against, his will, and could embroil him in a duel with Sir Harcourt, while the pair wtre being duped for the benefit of her friend, Grace Harkaway. Miss Chambers is always a. graceful and pleasing little actress, and it is not her fault that her lover was so much compelled to stoop to. conquer. Mr. Vincent as Sir Harcourt, Mr. CLitherow as Max Harkaway, Mr. Marsh as Meddle, Mr, Gates as Cool, Sir. Hambro as Isaacs, aad Miss LjBter as Pert, were all effective, aud the sparkle of the piece was so well maintained, especially in the third and fourth acts, that tbe principals were called when the drop scene fell. ' Hamlet' was repeated on Thursday. After the performance at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening a very . interesting cereniouy took place in the presentation to Mr. H. H. Vincent of a gold medallion, a 'sovereign case, and an illuminated address. The presentation was made by Mr. H. J. Whittington oa behalf of the permanent working staff of the theatre, including Mr. G. Oahill, the mechanist, Mr. Stone, the scenic artist, arid others. Mr. Vincent, who is the general icansger for Messrs. -Williamson, Garner, and MuBgrove, assumes the position of stage naacager when he comes to Adelaide as a matter of convenience, and his many excellent recommendations in that capacity, as wellaa bis abilities as an actor and high personal qualities, led the staff to make frim some token of their respect and eBteem prior to his depar ture from Adelaide. The presentation came as a great surprise to Mr. Vincant, who in acknowledging the same complimented Mr, Cahill and those connected with him as being the smartest and best working theatrical staff in the colonies. Several members of the Hollo way company arrived by express from Melbourne oa Wed nesday to make arrangements for their season at the Royal, which commences this even ing, when Miss Eisie Jenyns will appear as Juliet and Mr. R, Inrnan as Romeo in Shakespeare's famous play. ? _h ? 