! HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OP VIEW. {from our own correspondent. ) Paris, 3rd March. "We must have a head anil a sword," said Sieyes in 1799, and then succeeded a. series of little Conps d Etat which culminated in that ljtnovfn as the 18 Trumaire (9th November, 1799), wliicli bv ipaking Napoleon First Consul, opened the door for liitff to t}ie Emperorship. Napoleon was ah able, jtopular, aivd resolute military leader. The great majority of the French nation acquiesced in his elevation, and placed republican freedom in his hands, the republic was sick, and, following the usual course as illustrate;! by history, ran blindly into military despotism. Something of a similar commencement of the end has apparently set in here, to judge by the nervous state of a section of Republican opinioil, caused by the votes given some days ago, in favor of General Boulanger, at the elections to fill up nine Vacancies to seats in the Chamber of Deputies. Despite the General's public protest against his being put up for ballot, (ii),000 voters polled for him all the same. His candidature was decided upon at the twelfth hour, and must have cost 45,000 fr. Who instigated the plan of campaign ? The Royalists say the friends of the Constitution. The Opportunists, aided by tlic secret service money, assert the Radicals, in order to lorcc the General to quit the army, and so lay young Nap'olecfnisin'. ,, The incident has produced beyond doubt ati a}! ro'un'it uneasi ness. Homilies are published to show- that a saviour of society implied ever Cesarism or dictatorship, which commenced by monar chal plottings, and the exiling of the Republicans as usual to pay the piper. The dictatorship of the N^pol^ons, only led to the dismemberment of France. In 191T, in stead of the left bank of the Rhine re- becoming French, the right bank became German ; and in 1S71, the Teutonic frontier was advanced to Metz. As to the rank and file of the liberties, these shared the fate of all things poetical. It is not surprising then, that >1. Floquet should be ifi.flo Inir'ry to becomo Prime Minister, or that the RepuUicatiS should be' averse to a dissolution of Parliament, •tfhe'rfr sumo great, unknown might issue from the voting" urns ; then would bo the case to observe, " Oh ! what a surprise?" The war clouds are coming up thicker and faster ; and the common occupation now is to keep a look-out where they will first burst. Italy will soon be in as great disfavor with the French as is Germany. She has com menced a tariff w ir, Bismarck, as usual, being accused of pulling tlw.strings. It is a. shameful sight when children of one'fanfily. fall oi(t, and chide, and fight. Goodness kr,'o'.v5, jth'fc' present, is not a moment for indulging in political brdad grins : but it is impossible not to avoid, at least the ghost of a diplomatic titter, to see Bis marck being rapidly cornered—he who must have enjoyed many a horse laugh at Varzin, at the way he putso many powers and principalities I into cornei-s. In threatening, some time ago the universe with the furor Tiiil nlcn*,, and boasting that Germans feared only God, the I'rhlc? induced a more microscopical examination of his positihil, and people took stock of his chances. It has become evory day clearer that the odds are not in his favor in the coining international imbrog lio. He is feverish about the gaining, as well as hi the retention of allies. Nothing is less cer tain than that Austl'c-Hiingary will be his, till death does them part. Equally tljiccrtain, too, is the " whole hog or none" fidelity of Italy, And why these mi-sgivings on the part of his lease-tied allies? Because they doubt Bismarck; he has practised so many diplomatic tricks, for reasons of State, to ang.nent the area and power of Germany, that they, too. susnect they mi_rht be victimised. The new map of Europe is hardly seventeen years old ; a goc d shake can unmake it, as a shake has made it. The common aim of the cockpit combatants, is to win over England to their side. Poor old John Bull must be excused if he feels not n little pride at his present enviable position—the arbiter of fate as it were. The years might he counted on the fingers of one hand—less the thumb too, when he was the bull's eye fur the concentrated abuse of the continental powers. He was estimated as hardly being worth knocked into a cocked hat; but decidedly he was a <(t!au tjle ncijUijcahlc. Now, lie is run after like a f ishiuuable hrai.ty or an heiress with a pair of golden legs. There was a time when English diplomatists before taking an important deci sion, first utadc it pilgrimage to Vargiu, to con sult the big medicine irian—thc pafvenu of quar ter of a century ago. Now the representative of the Light of Europe has to come to insular Canassa and bid, if not for alliance, at least for benevolent neutrality. John is the honest bro ker. French whacking away at England never did much harm: keeping nuver minding it was tne Desc way LU maintain frlondoHip. Besides, the barking of the morning often became tail wagging in the evening, and while due allowance was made for the shutting off of steam, patriotic nervoii'e, and wind bag ism, no wounds, beyond sticking phis ter treatment remained bohind. It wa3 always known that the French and English peoples would never fall out, they had too many interests in common, awl their liberalism syiichmized too much to be compromised by family jars. A favorable moment and cool heads could —as lloa been proven, settle all differences—the bait and cod-fish questions in cluded. In a short time the Egyptians will have acquired so,milch stamina and backbone, that England Will be able to say to them, "Rise, take up votir bed and walk." Perhaps now tliat Russia has her frontier pegged off along Afghanistan, she and England could come to an agreement that Central Asia had verge and room enough for both to farm and develop; leave Bulgaria toAustriito arrange with the Muscovite, and hint that Italy ought to be ready to compensate herself out, of the (hbadc of Australia, than incur the risk of cutting loin chops from France. The Wilson scandals, wliiiih commenced 111 November last, have at la3t came to a legal • finish. Opinion believed the : Judicial ;]j2nch would not have the courage lo place Wilson in the dock. Yet it did. When therein, the same op'nion believed the trial was only a sham, and that Wilson would be acquitted. Yet lie has been found guilty, and severely sentenced to two years imprisonment in Mazas or Pontoise; a fine of 3,000fr., and responsible with his co-swindlers for the costs, perhaps 140,0U0fr. when all is .over, for Wilson only has cash. In addition, ho is deprived of his civic and political rights pending five years after leaving gaol. He is thus outlawed, and cannot leg illy engage in any business affair—even selling decorations— or the government of his children. The Bench has thus shown that it cannot be intimidate 1. Wilson saidthe judge committed a crime against " the public conscience and the national honor." The sentence will contribute much to purify the manners of public men. Madame Wilson will now lodge her demand for a divorce, and her father, ex-President Grevy, is to sell his recently built palace and retire, wounded and blackened, lo die in his humble farm home in the Jura Mountains. What a strange eventful history. The death of the Kronprinz is considered to be only a matter of hours. His sufferings have made the French chivalrously remember he is only a man. His disease is now known syphilitic decomposition—the s line that killed Francois I. It is said, that of late political vexations and family jars, imparted a gtlloping character to his cancerous consumption. He was particularly affected at the worrying his wife has had to endure from the Chancellor ; this explains the animosity of French ladies at Bismarck's cruel conduct. Tho death of the prince will precipitate the pending European war, for « hose advent all are prepared, and at same time are becoming reconciled to it as an inevitable necessity. The assassin who perpetrated the murder of a rich watch-maker and jeweller at Joigny, has been arretted, as well as his sister-in law, " and all the members of her family." Among the latter were, a boy, two years old ; a girl, aged one year, and a baby, three months' old. It is satisfactory to learn these three were liberated as not having assisted at the crime, which was not the less a joint stock affair. Tho head ralfian wa3 a saw-sharpener : after felling the victim, the body was placed on a hud and dis membered, women acted as candle- sticks, hold ing bits of candles with their fingers, then each person was given a portion of tho body to bury it at different places ; next, the booty was dis tributed. A respectable workman was cursed with a divnken wife; one day on coming home he found her hanging doad behind a door. She bad com mitted suicide bc.'ause having had nothing to drink that day, hi t she left a note, stating it was her husband who had tic-.! her up. Tiie story was discredited, but the husband was in vited to appear before the magistrates; he did not come, and oil inquiring to ascertain the cause, he too was found dead. He loft. n. note stating he could not survive the. su-pi-.ion of being a murderer. Suicides are very rife, and misery h is much to do with the evil. It is a carious fact, not the less, that, the unfortunates seek other means of self-destruction,'' l-aoghu; appears to lie la — save drowjiiuir. As I Jr. Brouardel has shown, when the water is eo!d, it deters suicides. There has been a sharp debate on the discus sion of the budget, respecting the grant for the Pope, in r.dditioi: to the lay ambassador accredited to the Dniiinal. It is said that this dual representation gives oilenco to Italy, and is the cause of the serious unplea .yfntness at present existing between Italy and Fraiic*; The grant was voted for weighty political considerations. The. discussion on the jrritsto foreign missionaries was also lively. How, it was aske.l Ministers wl:"j are pledged to tlie reparation of Church from State, Can you back such a grant? Simply because the mission clergy are political agents, but not attached to tho foreign office. Bismarck has recently founded in F-orlin a mission establishment for Germans of the trappist order; they are trained to' agricultural, prfr3uits and then shipped to Syria, where Germany has numerous agricul tural coloniesj *lrat Keep check at same; time to the influences of 1 r^noe and Russia in that pat! of the East. Respecting fllf Holy Places, how evor, the C/ar's influence overtop.-' all others; One of the consequences of the prolonged double Sv'iuter with which we are afflicted is to kill the Lenten i'Cd 'Ogg trade. The hens in the South of France and alscf of Italy have "one on strike not to lay till the weather moderates. The red hard-boiled eggs sell at the Uniterm and historical price of two sous each. They wei'e as much" itn institution during Lent as card board cod-fish; eVcry wine shop had a rack on thccounterfull of the redegftjs.- They had the repu tation to keep off hunger, perhap3 duo to their indigestibility; once in the stomach tiiCy are believed to never move 011, so the cater could never complain of a hollow or empty stomach. Owing to tile snow blocking railways, the reso lution of liens iv>t to lay under meteorological difficulties, the cost of cooking them and crim soning. the p.ricc of a red egg was increased 30 per cent. i?ut 110 oVophobist would giyo more than two sou.'-; tlief penny loaf must only be a penny; so "red eggs is oiit " tins Lent. Lom birdy and Pidc:nont send ninety millions of eggs during the hard egg m xnia. Holders C? shares in ruby mines must com mence to feel queei' rmcc Chemist Frcmy and M. Vcrneuil have submitted to the Academy of Sciences the most perfect specimens of artifi cially prepared rubies; not even Mr. StreetiT w a dacoit would be able to detect the difference between the output of the crucible and that from nature's mould. In a short time the patient disco'vercri will be able to manufacture rubies 011 a wholesale scale'; Tfbcn they will become cheaper flian Scotch peebles. . However ladies lips will c'vir have', a monopoly of rubies for bestowal of those t!-c'y lo^e, and sages will Still be able to boast their wistiC/iri is above the price of rubies. The theatre Falies Diamatiques has t-fyr'e sented La Demoiselle de Belleville operotte hi three acts, music by M. Milloclier. The plot is taken from Paul de Kock's I'acdle, whose son founded a vamJevillo on the romance. Messrs. Nuitte'r aiuLBeaumoiit,' a libretto, and for the latter, a Viennese composed tlie music. A young lady idrt'nt to'a bearding s'cho'oi to ksep her from marrying a ytblrig gentleman, who' tsi locked up in the debtor's prlstfr! to secure a simi lar end. They escape the same feV?'ntng, and arriving as the janitor aunt and flinty pajM f»re being married, beg tho clergyman to do the same for them. The music appears to he founded 011 the marches and waltzes of J. Strau'ftJ. There is a good firemen's chorus, a pretty duct, iiilil an elegant waltz in the score. M. Pasteur has b'c'rtl asked why ho cannot combat the phylloxera wltfi some opposition microbe, as he has done for nib icy and rabbit cholera. The partisans of the late Comte de Chamburct deny that his Majesty ever ordered a uuiform with Republican favors, or a cocked hat with a tricalc/r ixjeliaife Tho charge is fathered 011 the Comte de' fari». At Villenei.se, tlfc; irfayor gives a free meal to the unemployed every rooming, and during the repast he tolls off some of the men to toll the joy bells. It is the same philanthropist who has distributed paper vests to the poor—and they did keep in bcdily heat. A debatable co;iip}imcnt — perhaps : The Paris Anarchists are now c'.flM " Irlandais " (Irish). 