THE SELECTOR'S DAUGHTER. BY WILLIAM CAMERON. The bank of a Northern Queensland river in the month of July. A few acres of cleared land, walled round by a lofty verdurous scrub festooned with gorgeous creepers. In the clearing, great trees, black and charred, lay in all directions, but the ground was so far cleared as to fit it for primitive cultivation, which waa evidenced by the tender green shoots that were springing up everywhere. A bean tree hut stood near the river, with one or two tents alongside. The selection belonged to Peter Jones. His daughter Katie is now speaking to Tom Kelly, who owns the adjacent homestead. Katie is a grand girl. As she stands there hoe in hand, the gentle wind playing with her luxuriant tresses, and the fresh mould kissing her dainty bare feet, she makes Tom's heart beat like the rattle of the palm fronds in the scrub. He worshipped her, and she ? — well, she did not entirely doom him to despair. Other admirers she had, however, who paid their court in a more polished manner than did Tom. One of these was Courtney Maurice, who had the 1280-acre block a few miles further up the river, and talked of putting up a sugar mill as soon as ever he got his certificate, when he would crush for the whole district. Courtney really felt a very high degree of admiration for the beautiful and unsophisticated bush girl. He thought with his good position, agreeable manners and appearance, he would not have to ask for her hand in vain. In this supposition, however, he reckoned without Katie, and when he solicited her hand she merely took his offer into consideration in a provokingly cool business-like manner. Shortly after this, Tom Kelly summoned up courage to press his suit. She had long felt convinced he was devotedly attached to her, and perhaps was inclined to regard him with more favour than anyone else. She could not make up her mind, however. In her simplicity she told him — confidentially, of course—that rich Courtney Maurice had made the same offer, and roguishly compared Maurice's personal and worldly advantages with Tom's. " You have a very nice selection, Tom ; you are good- tempered steady, and hard-working, and I have no doubt you will make a woman happy. But Maurice is the richest man on the river. He has been brought up among lords and ladies, in what he calls London society, and he is related to an earl. My word, the silver-tail people in the township have to sing small when Courtney mixes with them. Tell me, why should I prefer you to him." " Oh, Katie !" Tom replied, " I have got neither rank nor wealth. I am only an honest bushman, but I can dare do anything any mortal is capable of doing to show my love. Try me, Katie !" She heard his impassioned words with a roguish twinkle. " Tom," said she, " shoot the big alligator and I will marry you." He was dumbfounded. If there was one thing in the world he dreaded it was the big alligator. Tom camped beside the river on a solitary spot. Just in front of his door two valuable dogs had already been gobbled up by the voracious " gater," not to speak of sundry Chinamen at the crossing. Brooding over this in the still watches of the night, with a limited knowledge of the habits of the saurian tribe, a chronic terror of this particular member took possession of our honest friend. Blacks, strange to say, did not frighten him. They had fled too often at his approach. He could face a mob with coolness, but the unknown and mysterious 'gater caused him to tremble. Afraid to go to the river for a bucketful of water, he had contrived a hoist to get his supplies of the fluid. In the cool evenings, about sunset, when the alligator took its usual constitutional swim past Tom's door, he would involuntarily feel a shiver come over him. The neighbours, to his no small mortification, became aware of his relations to the 'gater and occasionally rallied him upon the point. To be told, then, that he must shoot the 'gater appeared to him a most awful task. Dismay took possession of him, and notwithstanding his ardent love for Katie he swore no oath to take the saurian's life, but bade her farewell with a sinking at his heart. When he reached home, however, he took down his Snider from the wall and gave it a complete overhaul. Regularly after this he went in for rifle practice, and in time he could perform feats of which a sharpshooter might have been proud. At last he began to entertain the ghost of a hope that some day he might be able to screw up courage to shoot the 'gater. More familiarity with it, and the thought of winning Katie, from whose society his unperformed task debarred him, made him bolder after some months. He actually took aim at it one evening, hitting the sandbank on the opposite side not more than three yards above the required elevation. This gave him hope. Next time the alligator was tried with another shot, which proved to be not more than three feet out of line, and on the third evening Tom's ball actually struck him in the shoulder. This, however, was a lesson to the sagacious 'gater, who then and there resolved to seek fresh fields and pastures new, so to speak, declaring that in front of Tom Kelly's house the river had not those picturesque and sublime elements so congenial to the eye of a culchawed alligator. Besides, Tom's manners were plebeian and rough in the extreme. He would seek the aristocratic vicinity of Mr. Courtney Maurice. Tom, with his newly acquired courage, was sincerely disappointed to see his evening visitor pass the hut no more. Gun in hand, he was there to receive him time after time, but the 'gater said, " No, you don't." Tom oould no longer stand it. Neglecting his other work, rifle in hand, he sought for that demonic 'gater high and low. Often Katie saw him pursuing his solitary way up the pebbled reaches of the river, and smiled. There was a light in his eye and a purpose in his deportment that gave her a higher opinion of him than ever. At last, good fortune came to Tom's assistance. On a rocky islet in the river, about thirty yards from the bank, lay his saurian enemy. Taking a long and steady aim at the spot where he believed the animal's heart was situated, he pressed the trigger, and to his joy the ball hit the exact spot, and the huge beast without making a single struggle appeared to die instantaneously, the bullet having made a hole at least three inches in circumference in the hide. Tom's delight was unspeakable ; he went straightway to Katie Jones, and exclaimed : " Katie, I have shot the big alligator. You will marry me now." " Well done, Tom," Katie said quietly. Not appearing to doubt his word, she still wished to see for herself, and accompanied him up the river to the spot, a little below Maurice's selection. Sure enough, there lay the 'gater dead as a door nail, with a big hole in its side. Turning to Tom, Katie coyly accepted his offer, and needless to say the compact was promptly sealed with a smack with which, in the language of the poet, " The gray old aisles of the green wood rang." He now became a nightly visitor to Jones's selection, and his rivals soon felt assured that he had won Katie's heart. Courtney Maurice with others discontinued their visits. The marriage was arranged to take place in due course. All the neighbours, including Maurice, were invited. So as not to appear churlish, the latter attended. After the pleasant ceremony had been performed, and the feasting and merry-making had begun, in his natural generosity of heart he proposed a toast of happiness and prosperity to the young couple in a speech that put Ben Chubbles entirely in the shade. " I have not," he said, "had such a pleasant task devolve upon me for many a day ; not since I had the supreme satisfaction of poisoning the big alligator, and, with Jim and Alec in the boat, having him dragged up on the rocks." At these words a feeling of horror crept over Tom Kelly's heart. The instantaneous death and the 3 inch bullet hole were all explained now. What would Katie think ? He dared not look at her. He rushed outside, feeling like an imposter. And thus he had won his bride. Wringing his hands wildly, it is hard to say what desperate step shame would not have driven him to, when he felt a soft pressure upon his shoulder and heard the whisper of a gentle voice in his ear that set his mind at case. Katie has never yet regretted that he shot a dead alligater. They live happily, and several young Queenslanders now make the forest home joyous. 