WITH SOCK AND BUSKIN. Olivette was produced at fcbe Melbourne Princess, on Saturday, for the firat timo n five yearn. ^ # ^ Harry Riokards and hia Specialty Com pany commenced a Brisbane season on Saturday last. The B. and B. Comedy Company have revived Sophia oa a grand scald at tho Melbourne JBijou. ^ # Major D«e, whose leoturea have been very popular up North, p»ys a return visit to Maitland tbiB week. * # # Professor Anderson has turned up again, and commenced to juggle lust Saturday evening in Auckland. ? ? Dampier is said to be doing well at the Melbourne ' Alexandra, An English Lass being now the jsp;cia^ attraction. The Juncfr^u Kapelle commenced a farewell season at the Melbourne Athenav-im, prior to their departure from Australia. ? ? ? The production of M. Robert Plan quett's comic opera, Paul Jones, is flxod for January 12, at the Prince of 'Wales' Theatre, London. . a ' a a Sir nights' receipts of Hands Across the Sea, at the Melbourne Royal, totted up to the ni:e little anm of 01800, of which Mr. Warner took .£000 as hia, share. a « * The plans of Abbey and Schoeffel's new' Boston theatre have been- accepted, and the ground broken for tho foundation. It will be finished for tho season of 1889-90. ? a a The Melbourne Punch states that Miss Gertrude Powys, well-known to theatre goers, was married at Tow nsville recently to Mr. Jensen, J P., of Pine Creek, Port Darwin. ? ? ? The stage adaptation by Saville Clarke of Mr. Lewis Carroll's ' Alice in Wonder land,' is to be revived at the Prince of Wales Theatre to delight the little one8 at Christmas. a a a Mr. Sinaonsen's English and Italian . opera s?a--on was successfully inaugurated , on Saturday at tho Melbourne Opera ; House. Tan Italian portion of the . company gave JSmani before a crowded house. ? ? ? Mr. H. Bracy, well known in Sydney ten years ago, has leased the Avenue Theatre for a short season of comedy and burlesque, which commenced on Saturday, August 25. ° « a ? The Faust F.wnily season in Brisbane . closed on October 16, and on the previous night Little Daisy Fauafc took a benefit, when a number of her friends presented her with a handsome ruby and diamond bracelet. * ? a In Wellington, N.Z., they have in the shape of. amusements only what is called the ' Cap and Jacket ' Company, a! passable variety troupe with Miss Amy Vaughan at their head. ? ♦ ? The divine Essie, accompanied by Mr. and, Mrs. Holloway, depart on November 19, by the Mogul, for China and Japan, I then on to Europe, where Essie will put in six months ia uermany, after which Bhe will open in London in June. ? a a a Messrs. Gerald and Duff's Company, recently playiug at the Standard^ here, opened in Brisbane on October 15, in The Mystery of a Hansom Cab. I'he local Press speakB well of the company. On Monday last the pie o.a was withdrawn to make room for Master and Man. a ? ? Mr. George Grossmith has turned the recent controversies anent the various adaptations of Mr. Stevenson's story, Dr. Jelcyll and Mr. Hyde, to comic account in a brief burlesque, called Hide and Seehjll. Mr. Lionel Urough iB to be the exponent of the dual character. * # # The following is a story (so doubt true) of two snvll actors, both of whom became finaucinlly reduced : — One goes to dine at a low restaurant and finds tho other serving un a wai'er. ' Why, Chawlos, old chappie, is it possiblo that you are a— ah— waitaw in such a crib as this ?' ' Yass, yaai ; bm I never dine heah !' ? ? a According to a correspondent, Broken Hill, as a show place, is on the downward path. Hundreds of people are leaving weekly, and those who remain are oursing the blinked bard times. George Darrell opened there ou Saturday last for a thjee weelis season, and he ia to be followed by Hiacock and Friedman's Specialty Com pany. a. ? . a Tho new Shakespeare Theatre, .Liverpool, was opened on August 27 by Miss Wallis and her company in ^Is Ton Like It. The house, which has been built by Mr. Ellis lirainmull, jun., a local timber merchant, ii one of thn handsomest nnd most perfeot in tho kingdom, and when visited by the commute.) of magistrates they did not Bdggest an alteration of any kind, but cnngiatuiated tho proprietor on its com pleteness. ? a a Professor Btldwin and Miss Kate 'uisell, who aie travelling as the Butterfly Specialty Company, have just conoluded a most nui'cessf ul engagement at Broken Hill, and they are now trying their luok in South Australia. The Professor re ports that prospocta look very bad in that colony, as there ha8 been no rain, and the wheat orop is a failure. Nevertheless he hopes to scoop in shekels enough to pay him for his journey. a ? * Thero is a gradually increasing band of young colonial lilerateurs assembling in London to struggle for the glittering bauble Fame. ? hree of the moat recent additions are Mr. Fergus Hume, whose new tale, ' Madame Midas,' will be plaoed on tho stage shortly; Mr. Watson; whose novel, ' Marahuna,' is also to be dramatised, and Mr. Hiddon Chamber, whose; play, i Captain Swift, has been so -successful at the Hajmarket. a ? '» ? The opera in Sweden appears to be in a declining - way. It has been found neces-. sary to seek a tenant for the Royal Opera House in Stockholm, tho_ resources of the State not boing in a position to defray tho constantly recurring deficits. Tho;housei has accordingly just been lot to tho orchostral director, who pays.no rent and receives no subvention from tho Treasury. The kiDg, howover, grantB 00,000 orowns annually out of hiB privy purse, and has deoreed that tho rent of the Dramatio Theatre, nm mnting to 15,000 orowns per annum, is to bo, paid over as ,a further help to tho enterprise of the new director of the Opera Houso. a, # ? Mis3 Patti Rosa, a .new soubrette from America, with presumably a mission to do battle for supremacy with Miss Minnie Palmer,, made her appearance on Septem ber 3, at tho Alexandra Theatre, Liver pool; in a play callod Bob , which is said to be an indifforont pinco ; but thq lady, by her aauoy wayB, contrived to make it pass, and, what with her cheok and eing \ ing and dancing and banjo playing, found a good many admirers. After the sHow she gavea supper in the. foyer, and invited the mayor and other influential citizens, - with a few of tho local oritics thrown in, just by .way of showing that she bore them no ill- will. * ? ? Madame Sarah Bernhardt's series of per- 1 formances at the Lvcenm came to an end on August 2. when she appeared in one of her greatest successes. La Dame Aua Camel lias. I'he two noveltieB she has introduced to London audiences have proved un- 1 palatable, if not actually repugnant to English tasto. La Tosca, however, gave j the great artist an opportunity for the display of her wonderful nnd varied his trionic powers, but Franijillon offered comparatively little scope for her genius. ? a ? » Littlo Jimmy MacMahon's familiar form ia once more to be seen in the Sydney streets,- he having returned from Queens land early in the week, after concluding a most successful season, ? ' a * The Sydney larrikin iB not altogether devoid ot humour, especially when he gets into the gallery of Her Majesty's, and one of this class showed a prompt ap preciation of the situation the other night when Mr. H. R Jewett entered in the 1hs6 act of diehard III. as the Earl of R ch mond, clad in shining armour and wearing a white tunic with a large red cross. ' Leiohhardt' was the immediate cry from one of the gods, as he recognised in the cross of St. George the familiar tram mark . a * ? Madame Marie Roze's tour through France is proving a brilliant buccees. In l.yons the prima donna received a tremen dous ovation from her compatriots, in spite of the high state of the thermometer. On arriving at Aix-les-Bains, Madame Roze was agreeably surprised to, find a large number of friend3 and admirere waiting at tho station to welcome her, and on alight ing from the railway carriage two magnifi cent bouquets were presented to her, one being from the Mayor and Mayoress, and the otherfrom England's popular comedian J. L. Toole, who, in true Gallic style, kiesed the prima donna on each cheek, and saluted her with the words ' Ici on parte Francois.' * ? ? . Ah unrehearsed scene in a theatre was occasioned at Nottingham recently by the vagaries ot an infuriated bull. , Tho animal knocked down and injured several persons in the market-place, and rushed into the Theatre Royal by the stage door, where it did considerable damage amongst the scenery. Several property deer used in forest scenery were conspicuously ex posed, and these the bull ? savagely attacked and destroyed. The animal charged at the stage carpenter, but he slipped aside, and the bull's horns went through a side wing. Eventually the bull was driven into a cul-de-sac; _ and de spatched by a bullet from a Martini- Henry rifle. * » * According to the New York Dramatic Times Miss Minnie Palmer has entered into an arrangement by whioh she will play but twenty-four weeks each year, twelve each dn Europe and America, for five years, only appearing in the larger cities of both countries. This is the most comfortable combination of business and pleasure on record. Mis3 Palmer will keep her home in New ? York, and one in London. Ser vants will be kept in each, but the horses and carriages will bo carried backward and forward. I think it sbouctime for the envious portion of the ' profe--h ' to cease their unobaritable remarks of this clever young artist, and join the race of congratu lations for our little lady, who has con quered the whole world, and is a credit to her country and her people. ? * * Madame Sarah Bernhardt claims to have created fully 100 roles during her career upon tho st ige, of whioh Pbedre remains her favourite. In a recent inter view she stated that it was her intention of playing Romeo some time, hut that she had not looked upon Mrs. Potter as a possible Juliet. After her autumn holiday she will produce a new drama by the gentlemen who made the adaptation of Hamlet that she produced at the Porte St. Martin, Messrs. Cresonois and Samson, aud during the winter she will tour Europj with her husband, returning to Paris, on May 1, for the Exhibition season. Following this a visit will bo made to America, Australia, aud the East Indies, under the management of Abbey, Schoeffel, and Graii. ? ? ? Tho succpss of the Carl Ro?a Opera Company in Dublin has been un precedented. Tho English adaptation ( Robert the Devil) of Meyerbeer's Robert le Diable has been so popular that it has caused other operas to be put aside. The Jewess, an English adaptation of La Juive (Halevy), has been delayed, owing to the indisposition of Miss Groli, but other operas have been successfully produced— notably Faust, in whioh Miss Fabris, as Margaret, made a highly successful debut. This young lady is an American, and sang for some time in America with the ' National' Opera Company. She is described by the three leading journals of Dublin aa ' a most charming Margaret,' with a voice ' full of sweetness and of rare quality,' having ' a' charming presence, a thoroughly cultivated style, and a voice of agreeable quality and good fanSe' ... . . ? . Minnie Palmer in England. My Brother's Sister wai produced at the Prinoe's. Theatre, Manchester, on Sep tember 3, with satisfactory results. Tho piece is neither a comedy nor a variety en tertainment, but just a 'Minnie Palmer sketch,' in which Miss P. shows to even mere advantage than in My Sweetheart. The story bears a family likeness to that of Perourou, the Bellowsmender, the play upon whioh The Lady of Lyons was founded. A poor old French refugee nobleman has an- only child, Nadine. He thinks it better that she should disguise herself as a boy, and in that oharaeter she represents a New York shoeblack, who has to escape from the police, and como down a otiimney, and bo mistaken for a sweep. Anon she resumes hor sex as a servant, de velops into a. young lady of mauy aooom plishmeiits and more diamonds, and pre sently, assuming tho smart garb of a naval cadet, she makes Miss Geraldine, a Boston beauty, fall in lovo with her. In the last act Miss Palmer had opportunity for n display of pathos, in the expression of whioh she proved herself capable and sympathetic. ' Her songs, 'The Spider and the Fly,' and ' 'Tie Bettor so,' tho one aroh, the other tender, wore charm ingly sung, and her danoing was, as usual, graceful. The pioce was decidedly a suc cess. In consequence of tho success of this production, Mr. J. R. Rogers has cauc.elled all his American engagements, and will play My Brother's Sister in London in stead. ? ? ' ?'Wolseloy, who was formerly in Mr. Fiolder'a liable, ana reoently left for Now Caledonia in oompany with Upporcnt, has been raoinpr in that island.' He ran third in the Grand Prix and Booond in tho Handicap National. It was understood whon ho loft tliesp slioros that Iio was to bo put to the Btnd, but his noyr owner evidently entortained tho idea that ho was oapablo of returning his pnrohaso monoy be foro going to the harem. If Conle^ofneodthotermH offored by the Board of Directors of the California Club, Jack ABhton, of Providence, E l., was ready to meet the Californian, M'Auliffe. Aa it now stands, Ashton says that he will fight tho wirn9r. The Chronicle says ' Poter Jaokson, the Australian champion, and his trainer, Fitzpatriok, loft _this oity yeatorday for Centorville, whore they will rusticate for a few davB prior to going on . their Eastern tour. Jackson is said to be au handy with a rifle as he is with his fists, and his friends look for hear steaks on his roturn to tho me tropolis,' Poter and Som aro evidently in olover. In the Police Gazbttb of September 15, appears a very flattering portrait of Tom Meadows, who left here, owing to default of Jaok Hall, with the proud title of champion light-weight of Australia. Harry Maynard has him op with a thousand dollars behind him. to fight any light-weiprht in America, M'Auliffo, Dacey or Billy Myers preferred, for tho light- woight ohampionship of Amerioa. There is nothing to write about in the local boxing lino, as Mr. Foley has been rnnning what there has been at the Gaiety Theatre, instead of at his hall at the White Horse. The ' goes*' haveboan very genuine in their earnestness, and Jaok Fuller and Miok M'Carthy made thinps very snltry for each other, and pasted away rUht merrily. But the rounds were shortened altogether too much by 41 'Orris Bent, who seemed to think people would got tired of the show. He needn't fear ; tho audience preferred the fight to tho farce. The following is an extraot from a letter sont a few weeks a^o by the Californian Athletio Club to James Keenan, of ? Boston, concerning pngilists and pugilism : — ' Aro there any really good men who would like to oome out here under the patronage of ' the olub ? Tho only men that wo now have hero ara some Australians — Meadows, a 1401b. man, 5ft. 9Jin. in height ; Sam Fitzpatriok, 'The Comet,' 1601b. man, 5ft. 7iin. in height ; and Paddy Gorman, ohampion light-weight of Australia, 1401b. to 1451b. and 5ft. 7$in. in height. -Meadows is very olever, and showed up woll in a ten-round oonteBt. Fitzpatriok ia not very olever, but fights well. Gorman is not olever, but is a regular little ' bulldog.' These men are probably seoond-raters, and would justify moderate purses.'. A Boston exohange says ' Arrangements, for a meeting between Denny Kelliher and Tom Lees, the Australian middle-weight ohampion, were perfected a few days ago. The men aro to battle ten ronndB, with regu lation gloves, for a parse of 500dol. The affair is set down for September 28, and tho men will at onoe go into aotive training for the contest. Tom Lees oame to this oountry highly recommended as a pngilist. by Jem Maoej He has a Bplendid record, having. de- feated Bill Goode, the famous English middle-weight, and also ohallenged Charley Mitchell to fight to a finish. Kelliher is entitled to much credit for making a matoh in whioh he seems to have the worst of it in many ways ; but the Qainoy lad determined to give tho Australian ohampion a go even it he had to suffer defeat.' Tom Lees ' oham pion' is good ! A Californian paper writing on Peter Jaok son says 'As might have been expeoted. the recent Godfrey-Jaokson fight has caused comment throughout the Amerioan sporting world, and the * know-alls ' in fighting busi ness havo beon oativaaaed extensively for opinions, among others the widely- known Professor William Miller, the all-round sport manipulator. Miller ia speaking of J aokson to an Eastern sporting paper says : ' He has a romarkably olever left hand and a good right, but he is far from being a world beater.' Miller's experienoe with Jackson, however, at Chiarini's Cirons four years ago in Sydney, probably convinced him that Jaok son was a Miller heater. If the^ writer's memory sorves him right, Miller injured his hand at that time punching the atmosphere, and ho departed for his home in Melbourne with the avowed intention of fighting Jaokson ' in tho Bweat by-and-bye ' for 2500 dollars aside. Jaokson'B forfeit was up, but Miller's 1 never oamo.' Of course the natural in ference was that his injured wrist never re ooverod. In faet, to tell tho truth, Miller baa been the most unfortunate man in the world in his contests. He never wrestled or lifted weights, or in fact did anything for a wajfor, but either his ribs or his ankle or his wrist or his heart or something gave way, and the contest had to be postponed in* definitely. ThiB muoh, howover, can be said for him— that ho has lost very few contests. He does not stay with them long enongh to lose. He had one viotory, and the pro bability ia that it will last him a lifetime. That was when it took him three hours to fight a draw with Larry Foley, Jaokson'B tutor. Foley weighed 1441b, and Miller a good deal ovor 2001b.' A11 of whioh is a bit rbugh on Professor Billy Miller ! I oxtraot the following about Sulli van from an Amerioan exohange:— An Evening Woald correspondent oalled on Sullivan at his rosidenoe, found him lying in bed with a bruised and battered face, and all broken up from tho effects of his last spreo at Hrighton, and this is what the World representative says about the interview : — John L. was in bed, but a knook on the door of his sleeping-room awoke him, and ho asked : ' ' What's wanted ?' When told the big follow got out of bod and opened the door. Then, taking a small sponge, he clipped it into a glass of vaseline and washed the large brnisea on hia damaped faoe with the compound. A oopv of Richard K. Fox'« letter ana challenge was handed hini, and after perusing it very oaretuuy ne Bam: ? 41 That don't amount to anything. When they get baok to this oountry they will find no trouble in making a matoh for any amount.' . . , 'Do you think, John, that your backers will do anything towords accepting this ohal '^I guess they will,, still I oannot say any thing about that until I get a letter from them, and I oxpeot one to-day.' ' Who are your backers, John? Are they sporting men ?' . ' _ 'Yes; thoy ore very prominent in New York, but I cannot tell you their .names, for they do not want it known that thoy are book ing mo.'' . , ,, Tho reporter tried in: vain to learn tne nomes of his baokorB, but all the big fellow would say whs that tho publio would' know who thoy were whon Fox's party reached tma ' .Will those mon baok you for 10,000dol.v '''Yes, and more money/' replied theohom.. piou; ' but I don't propose to fight fop that belt of Fox'b ; it's money I want. ** How about tackling Mitchell when ho oomesover?'1 , . , ' Oh !' said John, ' I am going to leavo him for Dompsey, for I know he will get ail ho wants from Jaok.' . ' Aro you gotting in fix far Kilrainr ' I am feeling hotter and stronger now than I have for a long time, and l oan get in con dition in a very short time.' At this poiat John mado the voluntary re mark that his faoo pained him and that ho had boon thrown out of a carriage. Hia faoo looked as if it might pain him, for ho bad two bad looldrg bruises, one near his right eye nnd tho other on his nose. After some fur ther remarks of no oonaaquonco tho World roprescntativo departed. It ia my opinion that Sullivan's baokors are myths. I do not bolievn there is any sane person who wonla risk lOOOdol. on his chances of- # defeating Kilrain, lot alono tho amount Kilrain offers to fight for, lO.OOOdol. c Timo will tell. ESJnok Mol'by tells me what bo many visitors and residents of Queensland have told ; :mo so often boforo, viz., that the Repebee in looked, i for with tho greatost eagornoss, oven in . th,9 furthest towna and hamlots of the Northern colony, and that no other sporting papor has ghost of a show with the sporting journal of Australasia, The Refeeee At Foley's on Saturday night a splendid programme of boxing is promised, and when I say that it includes a six-round sot-to hotweon the oraok heavy-weight, Miok Dooley (who in matohod for the championship against the Victorian giant, Slaviu) and a coming light iu the heavy-weight boxing world, whoso namo is not for publication, T say enough for a draw iu that alone. Add to this, however, that that smartest of pretty boxers Jaok Molloy, who returned yesterday from a lengthened tour of Queensland, ia to meet an unknown in a six-round battle, and you make- that draw seoure. Besides this pair of cracks all .our best men and liveliest goers will take part in a big and exception ally interesting programme. 