THE MYSTIC PYRE. Bt. C3ENELIU8 MOYNIHAN. [Written expressly ior the Week ] WHE farm on the . Upper Kedron was£a I; failure.,} Every, sixpence they had spent L;.'in imptoyementa was lost. The disss : I trona flood of the .previous- January had aweptaw.-y or completely damaged. their crop of maize and ewect potatoes. Then the few Orange'trees .hid the blight.. Grapes and pine-' apples might have helped to tide them over the Winter,. but'they had only lately commenced their, cultivation,; Wood-carting, even had they deoided to give it a trial, was already overdone, and a general Commercial depression prevailed throughout. the colony. There was nothing, therefore, for the two mates, 8am Latham and Latry Deniehy but to throw up the farm which they had tiken on a short lease. .'■' The fates ere against us, 8am," said Larry. " Wo have swamped our little pi'o from Gympie on this farm, and here we are, after five-years'"roughing"it together all over the colony,' at our last pound. Now is our ohsnce to dissolve partnership, as wo have nothing to divide or quarrd'about." Larry was one of ' those sterling characters, who, onae having placed a hand to the plough,; never relinquish their hold whi!-*. oven a thadow of hope is left them. Sam was less sanguine, a pronounced eeeptio, except so far as concerned his partner's abilitjf, in which he was a thorough* believer.'', r' VI , '■ , : , ""What doyon propose doing now?"-seked Sim, ss thry took up their temporary residence in a second-class Brisbane boarding house; " Take the first job that offers." "" ' Mora easily said than dons Hundreds of strong men were walking about unable t> find employment, while others, a little more fortu nate, were working for less - than half the wages they had hitherto been acou»tomed to demand and obtain fromemployers. Horning and evenings as soon'as the papers were ist-h- d, both young men wore among the fleet to Eosn the columns devoted to " wanteds," in tbo faint hope of seeing some situation advertiSrd, Oooasiouilly a man to aot in the triple capacity of groom, ooaohman, and gardener was required by a eivil servant or an auctioneer living in the suburbs, but before 8am or Larry ooiild reaoh the plaoe where application was to be made the situation. was filled, or tho numbor of appli cants waiting'to be interviewed waB eo great that the young"men turned away, sick at heart and disguBtcd.. At length, when reduced to such straits til at they had not the wherewithal to bny a fig oftobaoco no more than pay their landlady for their board a labour agent in the town offered them a six mm'he' job on a southern' sugar plantation, and the following morning found them with 15 others on board a little river steamer bound for thari-h fields an! beautiful homo of tho wealthy planter. " At any rate," said Larry, " wo can put in six monthB. at sugar-growiog, at d who knows hot something better may tarn up in the mean time.". - , . - - " Something, but what better thing is lik-Iy to turn up, I'd liko to know," returned the in credulous Sam. "Anyway, we miy-as well ha growing sugar oano en the river bb in St. Helens, for 1'in certain wo could noterorpo beicg arrested as vagrants had wo remained in Brisbane much longer." Six mouths eoou glided away, yet in that Short interval inert j- changes for the bitter bed taksa place. Trade and commerce bad revived and the severe Jtcre-ri-ju wo3 a thing of the past. L'tantborpe with ile rich tin mines had Sprung into existence, end was rapidly absoib ing the surplus labour, throughout the whole Southern portion of the colony. Even in the remote out- of-tbe-wey corner, where Sam and Larry were being initiated into tho mysteries Of plantation life, the good influences at work were felt and appreaited. The ciu-ihirg season was-cver,- end before the or.d cf lbs month tho i-x'ro hirnls t'eken on at the ssrna time as the two young men, would be die- | charged. Then, only a numfcor of kanet-is, under three yoa-e' eugBgemont to tlio planter, with a whi to ovoreeor, would he left. 8am was for trying their luok ontlje tin mines, ond.it is not unlikely they would have followed their horny handed companions, but for the liberal ofEsr made to them by their employer. Larry wasappointed sub- overseer, while Sam, mu-ih to hie liking, had a berth found for him con nected with the machinery, Not only this, but their wages were raised considerably, with a promi e of a still farther in^r. a*o at the com* meccsment of the next crashing season. At tho end of two years they managed to rake together enough to atart in eome line of business on their own account. The hope of once more doing for tberaselres sot them think , ing, and aftorduo deliberation they decided to ' invest their little capital in ?. dairy farm. , Frait growing might bo combined with cow keeping, and Sam thought a team of bullocks i might turn out profitable later od . Christmas, I however, was at hand, and nothing much could | be done tUl aftor the holidays. Besides, a spell for a couple , of weeks would do th»m no harm, i and they would have to go to Brisbane in any ! oase. On their way thither they could inspcot some land that had lately been thrown open for sel ction. Thoir first investment, therefore, was in two horses, and early in Christmas week they left the plantation, after a mutual ex pression of good wishes between themselves and their,late employer, who promised, at any future period, if required, to assist thorn ul in his power, "After all's.said arid dose we might have done worse," said Larry, us they jogged along, the rough bush track. "Staathorpe audits dn mines havo seen their' best days, although their good (ffeota will long continue to be felt11 "All the same, though, I'd very mach like at the time to have tried my luck there," answered Sam, "we might have been in busi ness in the new town long ago." ."So we might, but yon were talking about putting a team on the road and of ono of us taking out an auctioneer's lfceneo; but dairy-, farming near Brisbane is still my fanoy, only tills time tbe farm must be our own " " "Well, we're on that way now, and I've no cbjeolioo," returned Sam. A* I hope we'll get to Brisbane by Thursday evening." The journey should not have oooupied more : than two days at the Outeido, bub the land they I intended to inspect was situated on the sea- I coast, and considerably out of tbeir way. They j knew they would have to campout tho first night, and provided accordingly, bringing with them a "billy," some provisions'and hobbles to prevent tbe horse? straying too far' during ;the night. The whole country was unfehosd bush, and the nearest selector's houso several miles from the spot. Muoh difficulty, therefore, was ex perienced, and time lost in Boding the place, and wheathey turned their horses towards the. main road sgain the sun was sinking behind a range of bills in the distance., dtill'thby thought to.get on tho traok before deciding to camp, .bull,., unfortunately,,.in coming they negleoted to take any bearings, and after tiding some hours in the moonlight tboy had to abandon'the idea in despair. ~ r'|"No use knocking.up our. horjes in this, fashion,'-' said Larry, "We're bushed safe^ enouib, and it's just possible we may be riding round and, round in a cirole.. Let's dismount, and sling the billy." No more suitable spot for oamping could well have been - 'elected. The ground' Had- partly been, cleared.of the heivior timbsr. There was atundant grass end water for their horses,-and a thick scrub sheltered them on one side. Whilo Larry took' off the saddles and hobbled tho hordes, Sam kindled a fi e and opened 'the swfgs. In a shott time th y were sitting down to ealt-junk and damper, after whioh they lit their pipes and Fat yarning far into the night. The mos quitoes wee tioub'efiom", to bo ruro, but they kept throwing green bushes oil the fire every now And then, which helped to kcrp the enemy well at bay. Larry was the first to drop ofi to sleep, rolled up in his blue blanket, and Sam tried hard to follow his example but the mos quitoes were too much for Liu, in spite of the smoko raised by the green bushi s. Ho could stand them no longer, and began solilcquieing oa tbo subj ct. ' Tolk of music having charms, but the ping of tho mosquito is unrivalled in nature. It is tho koyuoto of all thit if mal'cious. I could stand being lied lo doith by tho wretches, but thoir melody ia nnro ditfioult lo resist than Ulres'8 rnuit havo found the songs of sirens. What's thai ?" Ju -.t then a pile of chnrrod legs whioh he had noticed on the opporit-i ride of the lagoon when fetching tho billy of water frr supper became ignited, and apocu iar lockinc column of yellow smoko appeared, afc-ndingfr* m tho very centre ef the pile to «ho height of CO or 70 feet.". At tho same timoau unuccountalle feeling of dre«d crept over him, and his visior seemed to become dozid. Ke rubbed his eye?, making a great etfort to shako oiF what he fesirol to persuRde himself was Lis foolish foir, 1 ut to no purpose He shook his intte, first geu-ly and then more roughly, tut Latry Becmed to sleep only the sounder. "Larry, Latry," he cried, pulling the blanket off h»* sleeping comrade, "what's up with you. ciau? Aro ycu doad, that you don't wake?'' But Lorry continued 5mn ovablo, lud Sam, who was no coward, could not help laughing at tho idea that ha was in the presence of the | 'supernatural.. - , . • • . M flv roily! if Ihisisn'i conical its a c iutioc, ; and Larrv so sou^d ssleey, tool? | Vv ho" jumped, and mining himself with u stiok. strode determinedly towards tha lagoon. I Kali way his fait caught in a taft, and hi icil I heavily on the ground. He W83 stunned for a momciit, bat, getting up again, bo noticed tho poculiar-looking oolnrna of yellow emoho bud au'appfl&isd;, and only the logs remained bora ing. Nothing. daunted, however, he crossed the emaH ore k on the near bank of which the two horses were grazing, and on going up to the p?l*, beheld to hie utter amazement the body of a human bring in the centre radooed to ashes. The logs, which were burnt concave underneath, the portion most exposed to the fire, were piled some on each trde, and more at the head and feet, and within thia mysterious furnace the ashy corpse lay stretched intact. Tho least pnf! of air or evsn a coal falling from I -above should have sufficed to reduce the strange | heap to a eh apples b mas*, and Sam never ones thong tthat the ashos might possibly havo taken the human form accidentally. He had no doubt in his mind that somebody had been smelly murlcttd, and the body cremated to destroy all traces of the o imo. Singularly enough too, a point which puzzled him more than any other, all the logs were ironbark, which once set on fire, under ordinary circumstances, burn right out; and jot only a few honra pre viously ho had remarked the oharrcd pilo near the lagoon It was a mystery for whioh he could not account. He f*lt faint, and his . knees bent under him. How he managed to ret-aoe hi* steps bsck to the camp, where his mato was stUlfast asleep.hebuewnot,butoertain it is whpn Larry rose at daybreak to look after horses ho found him in a sitting pcBturo.^ with his hack against a trco. much as he left him at midnight, when ha laid down himself. "Bam," shoutedLsrry, " rouse yourself, old man, and sling the billy whilo I hare a look for the mokeB I 'epeot thiy'vo rambled away dazing the night." ; "No; they're just down there near tho waterholo. Don't bo long " But the horses were not near thel.goon. Hobbled as they were, they managed to get over a good deal of ground since midnight, ana Liny had a long chase after them. Break fast was awaiting him1 on his return, and it was then that he noticed the pale, anxious faoe of hia ooniride. . •• What's up, Bam V Are you Biok he in quired. "No" "Then to jadge by your appearance one would imagine you had seen a ghost. " Maybe I did see a ghost," answered 8am, quietly, Boating himself ocoe more with his biok against the troo. ,. _ , ... "Nonsense," said'Larry, laughing at the unusual gravity exhibited by his mate, and you a prnnouno-d soeptio! Only yesterday you sooffed at ghosts, spirits, and even angel", placing them all in Ihe same category—vile supersti-fan was responsible for the vermin; and a miracle, you wrnt on to explain, was always a hallucination." . . . .• . . DJ1 vou ever know of a man changing bis I've naaru.iuuv „ m>u,D„-y — . ., ' perary once sent hack word from hoaven that St. Peter had renouueed Pope and Popery, and that ha had turned in faot," laughed'Larry. • " Well, I turned sindo yesterday._ , . ."'Oome..cbme..nomoreofthisruhhi U. ion don't inr'ely want mo to believe you are in """"don't want you to; beiieve anything you don't like. I aimply.tell you I was Bitting here just aBlam now with my back against this very tree, and you were fast aelsop— " Asleep ! By heavens, X never slept a wick the whole night on aooonnt of ihe mosquitoes, interrupted Larry. , , T \- "Then why did you not answer whoa I shook you'first, and afterwards oaUed you by your name I' Never sleptawiok all night You slept so" soundly man, that- at one time I thought'you were dead, and nothing but the trumpet ontheDay.of Judgement would aw.ken y0"' All the same, I was wide awake the whole time" returnedLarry evidently a lilile offended. " But let's hear about the groat wonders you "sam briefly dslailod what had occurred, and told cf hia efforts to awakiu his comrade. Larry 1 stoned, patie illy Jo ihe recital but at tho eud fouod himself at a les3 whett or to aooonnt for tha whole thing es a t:ick oa Sam's patt, or wtotber his mate was s»Il suffering from the effects of an »««<k <'[ nightmare bronght on by tho salt junk and damper they had for supper. To the latter theory he inclined moat, for thero oon d he no doubt as to Sco's sincerity. " Mind vou, the first thing that struck me was its resemblance to a fumral pyre, oon oludedSa^ know it resembled a funeral pyre ? You never saw one," returned his """No, hut I've read of them. Let us both step aorosi the oreek and have abokat tho logs More we make a start" sugje-tod Sam "Noussnse, man! If you talk like that you'll make me think you're quite off you le chump this morning. Bather 1st us he think ing of mating a move." "But," persisted Bam, ' they ere nil iron birk logs, and how is it Ihey did no. born to ashes before going out? • Thev "The rain put them out, you tool, iney &&<&*&&&&* tion durin g the night, followed bvu horrible no use further trying to convince T.arrv and thoy propaxed to niak« n sUtfc at onco bttavpiug thou: awagfl in fxout 01 tljera on t£e Ss, Sam,, of course, felt a little annoyed, but ho could find no fault with his mate, for ho had boon a sceptic himself all his life. He resolved, however, to report the matter as soon as he got to Brisbane. Imme diately after they rodi off, and. muoh to their eurprise, they discovered they had camped within 200 yards of the road, and the spot they had pitched upon accidentally was the'best they oonld have selected- ' ,, Even nt that eirly hour of the morning the day promised to bo excessively close and oppriEsive, almoit stifling, in fact, and they did not caro to push their hoTses too much at first. Th*y halted again about midday near auoth*r waterholo, where they finished the last of their provisions. Their intention was to spend the night at the Travellers' Best, and reaoh Brisbane ahout llo1 clook the following morning. They pushed forward, therefore, hoping to make better progress in the cool of the evening than they hid done during the early hours of the day. But before they had ridden many milea Sam's horse fell dog- lame, and they had to elaohen spaed. Later on m tho atterncon they met two young girls on horeo | baotr. -with stook whips, driving a mob of cattle | before them. To Larry's inquiry '■ Haw far to the Traveller's Beit?" the younger of the two replied, "Eighteen mil's." " Golly, I thought wo were nearly there now. Wo camped last night near a ohsiu of lagoons, with a big scrub on ono side, and we've been travelling all day." ,, "You must have coim along very slowly, said the fair-horsewoman.1 "Landy's scrub, where you camped, is not so.ysry far from hero, and it's my opinion you'ilhaye a thutdeistorni npon you before yon reaoh tha Traveller » Beat. And with this ehe galloped off to head * re fractory eteer that had broken away from the m"A grand girl that," oried Larry, as he watched her clear a high log and use the stock whip with effect on tho runaway boast. ' Alter all is said and done, yon can't boat the Austra lian girl anywhere. Bho i1 not without culture and refinement, and ehe adds to these a buoy ancy of epirita and a frankness of manner which her British sisters lack. I hate hothouse pl*?Of the two 1 prefer the elder one," re turned Bam as they resumed their joutn-y. " Give me the woman who shrieks when slio sees a mouse, and faints at tha sight of bicou. I don't like those strong-minded women. They are never eohsitivo " "That's just where you and a great many more make a big mistake. You think because some people are always singing oat about their nerves, that they are sensitive, whereas they are eimplyselfish. I'll wager if the truth were known the jonnger of those girls is the moat sensitive." ' ■ - ■ ., , . . " Anyway," laughed Sam, ".it s not hard to see that, you're'shook on her,' and we might manage an introduction, for I believe they ere sisters, and the daughters of some aeiHer in the neighbourhood.'f . . Their road now lay throughamore popmous aWo* Hitherto,' they bad journeyed for the most part along a mere hush track, passing occasionally by u lonely homestead, vjbeietba pioneer selector had seitled dovm-to subdue the wilderness, and cultivate the virgin soil. How, however, the road was belter formed, and every quart.r of a mile brought them in sight of a farmhouee , Sam had to dismount at last and lead his horse, the poor beaat had hecomo so lame. Yet it was nio-.ssary they should push on at a much faster pace than tbey wero going, for tha atom wbiob the young girl had pri-phesied was about to gather in the west and would buret upon th m before they could I reach the Travellers' Best. i " What's to bo done'r' est rd Sam, easting ' his weather-wise glanoe at the threatening i cloud-. •' We're still " U . f'om I Travellers' Best, aorordingto thatoove we met ^STjnst p-.Ssibie this storm may blow over without any rain," answered his male. ' But no, in less than hali an hour it waa bursting npen them, only more liko a cyclone than a thunderstorm, and they wire glad to seek slit Iter in th- first settler a Vine. -• Any put in a storm, end Larry, as lie pulled down the slirrails end rode up to the "IfpnlUff jnur raddl s and turn ihemckas out in the padd ck " shouted a let faced man with anuamirtskifcle G-rmon acocnt. •' H-rdlv worth while, boss." return d Larrv - we're making the beat of our way to tha^Travdlers' Best, but one of our cattle is a°" fioTeeo, and that'a all the mo-e reason yon should not thiok of going aoy fa'therthis evening I'm a bit of a vrt myself, and 111 have a look nt him presently. Mr. Carl Winkle, a German, one of the oioaeer sot to a at Cooobee, woe tha owner of the honsa and the person who addtetEcdour ir-sellers Larry's experience Lxlberto of German colonists iu gsr.-ral bad not b.e favourable. He hail fouu-1 'hem okcuteh to an intolerable degree, end / w^Vle s! rangers. But it wa« evident that Mr. Win It W was tho grand exo-ptiou to the rule, and Larry w»» rf i -ioed to make his acquamtaroo. Mrs. Winkle too. who now made her appearance, ir less favourably impressed him, for ehe appeared f.T flc m,:ck iron: the avtv-irc Gsrina-. ciatrr-u. fl£ her iuibaod did firm tho gruff b«r who smokes bis Imp- Uotih p-.es 1,-arnt the luxury ci darg a i'rjlo 6o.lUu i0r"lu^''1^d Mr. Winkle, uddrc.-siog his wife " tboso young fellows talk about going on to tha Travellers' Beit «s£00a 8S 8'0Ml is over." e" Well, you esurt get them to «top,snd yoa,' mister," she added, turning to Larry, "you sad your Bate mils' stay with Be to-night. One of your horses is lame, I belie Ve f" " Yts, end I promised to have a look at the sag, and if we oau't do anything for him by to-morrow, I will (end them a horse," answered Mr. Winkle. "Besides, were going to have a little party to-night, and we'd like you both to stay for the danee,'' added Mrs. Winkle, press ing them to abandon the idea of prooeeding farther thai evening. Several well-drestod people had already as sembled, and were lounging on easy ohaira in the front room, or Etnoking on the veranda, and Bach a pressing invitation coming from the lady of the house and hor husband oonld not well be refused. They decided therefore to turn their horses loose, and join the company. It gave them no concern under the circumstances, that they had on only Crimean shirts and mole akin trousers, which were not altogether dean, while the other guests appeared in tweed suite and brosdcloth. They we e in the company of men and women who oonld disoetn between the man and the ooat ho is wearing. "You're in for another adventure to-night, aura enough," whispered Larry. "Mo matter, aa long as it's a little more pleasant than the one laat night, and you don't go to deep," returned Sam. drawing out and lighting his stumpy black pipe. The thunderstorm lasted little more than an hour, and had quite passed over before sunset. It wai accompanied by a h< avy downpour, whioh'served to purify the atmosphere, and a fresh invigorating breeze was now blowing right off the Fscifio Ooean. Even the very grass, wet as it was, which would certainly prevent the guests from strolling about in the moonlight, had itB dhaims, For every drop the thunder showers Had left upon the giasa and dowers sparkled and glittered in the rays of the setting son like bo many brilliants and diamonds scattered over the surface by an invisible hand. ''What a contrast to this morning," ex claimed Mr. Winkle; "I thought in the middle of the day I should be oil by now." " Aye, and onr old mokes felt it, too, as we came along," answered Larry. " It seemed to j me a pity to make them canter, it was so terribly close" Twoyouugladies and two gento men, enhorse back, were the first gnests to arrive. Ssm and Larry recognised the ladies as the two yonng girls whom they met that afternoon droving, and of whom they inquired the d'stanoe to the Travellers' Best. Mrs. Winkle received them at the veranda steps, and conducted them into the honss, while toe escort, with toe assistance of one of the farm hands, removed the saddles and bridles from the horses. As they passed np toe steps they seemed surprised to find onr travellers seated on toe veranda, and theyonnger one smiled in recognition when Larry rose to snake way for them. " We met these two ladies as we oame along this afternoon," said Larry, resuming his seat, " and I was especially struck with toe, good holtoemanahip displayed by the younger one.' "They are Doth grand horsewomen," answered Mr. Winkle. " No doubt they were after their oattle at the time." "Tea; they had a mob of oattle before them, and the way they need their stookwMps simply aatoniahed me. I never saw. a stockman ;doi better." "I believe yon," said Mr. Winkle. " Their father owns a Urge dairy, and breeds a fine lot of cattle. Fairleigh U theirname.' Th-'yhave no brothers or sisters beside, so the two girls bnk after the oattle as well as assist their mother in managing tho dairy. Elsie is the yonnger, and the one you allude to.' Her sister Dora is engaged to tho young fellow who oame along with them, a Mr. Wilson Powell, Perhaps you know Mm? He has been living with his unci" these 18 months on a plantation on the Biver " I have heard the overseer, who somotimes visited Mr. Powell's plantation, speaking of him. .'Ho is not long ont from home, 1 be lieve?'' " Only since he went to live with his unclo. I forgot, the plantation on whioh yon were working is over 16 miles from Powell's. But I'll introduoe yon when we go inside." And Mr Winkle left the oompany on the veranda to attend to tho pr> psrations for the banquet. Fully 40 guests had already arrived, and the fair sex were decidedly in the majority. Some oame in springoarts, a few in buggies, hut the greater number rode. Of oonrss there had to be late arrivals on this, as on all occasions, and these oame in a springvan. While yet half a mile off, he who was blest with the best pair of longs among them started to cooey, and was answered by the party at the home, and this oooeying continued until the van drove up to the door in triumph. As it approached, the rich strains of an acoordion, played in capital style by a runaway sailor, waa heard in the distance, and these blending har moniously with the weird cooey, produced an effoot singularly in keeping with the surround ings of that isolated homestead. The occasion was tho opening and dedication of the Coocbee Bridge. Mr. Winkle and the residents of the district bad been agitating for years for the erection of a bridge over Oooohee Greek, and now that it was an accomplished fact, the people for miles aronnd had collected at Mr. Winkle's invitation to celebrate the event with a ball, followed by a banquet, in the large barn detached from the main building. Dancing oommenced immediately after the arrival of the springvan, and was kept up with great spirit until midnight, when an adjournment waa made for sapper. Plenty of good mnsio, a piano, a violin, and a cornet was provided, bnt notwithstanding these, the runaway sailor oon tribnted most with his acoordion, for it was soon discovered that he was an adept musician. Mr. Wilson Powell acted aa master of ceremonies, but before half the night wag over everyone in the room, exoept Dora, waa heartily sick and disgusted with his supercilious and patronising airs. Poor Dora saw nothing bnt grace and perfection In all his'aotions"snd 1 movement*, although he made no attempt to disguise Ids studied neglect of the lady to whom he was engaged. Larry had several dances with Elsie, who always oontrived to he disengaged when he asked her np. Sam had never l6arnt dancing—to his misfortune—and was oontenting himself with looking on, when he was discovered by those old fogies, who insisted npon his taking a hand at whist. ■ " I'm no player," protested Sam. "No matter," persisted a podgy pug-noeed little man, wi'h a bald bead and bushy bond, you'll be my partner and you'll see we'll liok the heads off those fellows." " Of oourse, the gemo is only for amuse ment," said Sam ? " Of course, of course," answered the little man, rubbing his hands while he shook .with laughter at the prospeotof heating his oppo nents Down they eat to a small table, the partners sitting opposite eaoh other. " Cut for deal," oried the podgy png-noscd little man. They did so and Sam won. It was therefore his turn to play last, and he took the first trick. Then he led the two of spades, and his partner's conntonanoa assumed at onoe a grave expression. That, and also the next trick went to their opponents, and the little man muttered quite audibly something about "bad playing." In the nextronnd, it appears, Sam came oat with the ace instead of the eight of diamonds, but the olitnax was reached when it was discovered that he had not followed suit, and the little man, unable to bear it any longer, threw down hi* hand, struok the table with his clenched fist, and declared that he had never seen euoh playing in all his horn days. "I can't stand it! By heavens'. I'd eat my head if—if," he gasped, rising suddenly to his feet, while ho sent the chair dying half way aoroBS the barn. Meanwhile several of the danoers had orowded around the table, and Mr, Winkle, just in the niok of time to prevent unpleasant ness, ordered the musicians to play the usual announcement for enpper, and the gentlemen led their partners into the large temporary dining-room erected for the occasion, where a splendid banquet was spread. " What did I tell you," whispered Tarry, laughing at his mate's misfortune; " I knew yon were in for another adventure to-night." "Only a storm in a teapot after all, and yon know nothing whatever about it," retorted Sam, as he led or rather was led off to the dining-room by a plump, rosy- cheeked German girl. The supper would have done oredit to a Bris bane caterer, and indeed the style in which everything wee got np was a matter of sur prise to our travellers. Nothing was wanting, and everything provided was o' the best, and M». Winkle knew well how to acquit herself as hostess. Bat as s'.range a thing as any perhaps was the number of oreeds and nationalities represented aronnd that table. The host was a German, an Irishman oconpied thaohair, and a big bow-legged-Bootoiifc» delivered what he ciUed "sSSS the oooaeion," which tte wag who followed him in the next " after-dinner speech" ajJlS Bbouldtepubli-hedinpirophlotform. HrWii son Powell still oontinned to make himeelfoon spiououe, and delivered a long speeeh oa "enter log good sooiety at home," and it was not until everybody had good rouaon to wiah him back among hia arlstoaratio friends that dancing wu ' feenmcd in the tastefully- decorated hart aj the small hours stole upon them a changirf programme was put forward. The imiawsv sailor danoed a hornpipe, and Dora and' Elsia sang a duet. Then they. dahotd again, and it was during one of theea intervals that El-io managed to leave the idom unnoticed. As Bho passed Mr.'Wilson Powell she glanced over her ehoulder and beokoned him to follow. Outside she paused a moment, as one deeply absorbed. " My poor defer!" eha sighed, her eyes filling with tears, width she instantly dried, endeavouring to reoofer her usual composure. " She loves that worth loss fellow to distraction, and I am ante be' cares nothing whatever for her. I. will teat him!" Mr Wilson Powell was at her side. They strolled together in the direction of theses shore. The young man offered his arm, bat she declined to aooept it. A boat with row locks and oars wsb scoured by a long rope to a stake driven into the sand. ■ '' ■ " Yon can row, Mr. Powell ? Dot us go for a pull in the moonlight." . ; They got into the boat and rowed to wards a low- lying headland. Then the jotmtr man rested on his oars, and tho boat drifted gently seaward, for the tide was running out. All was hush-.d, the soa emooth as glass, and a olear, full moon sailing over a olondlesaskv. "Such a eoene and such a lovely night— or rather morning!" exclaimed Eleie. "dm anything more beautiful be imagined?" / •' Yourself, Elsie, yourself," oried the young man rapturously. '' Yon are always beauUiol but to-night yon look more beautffnl thip ever." _ And it was true. The fair girl, in bet lovely summer costume, seated in the stem of the boat, looked more like a seraph than a oreature subjeot to the ills and passions of ordinary mortals. " Phis is the one thing I've been prayingfgr® all the evening, only f felt somehow afraid to make the proposal," said Mr. Wilson Powell."* "Ah, that's where yon oortainly did. wrong," answered his fair oompanlon; "Pm' only sorry we did not ask Dora t» como." ' " No occasion—not tho least occ&rion; for that. We're better without her.. 0,Hsto!".v And he pansed, cvidertly' in doubt how to, proceed. After awhile he resumed, in a'mora' firm, but stiil deeply earnest tone, ■ 1 ^*;' "You know, Elsie, when mj nnole Intro-, duced mo to your family, ho insisted upon'my paying addresses to yonrsister. He wbnldnot. hear a word of you, and I have oome to regard, him as yonr enemy." "No, no," returned tho young woman, gaily, 'Tout Stole, flo doubt, is eceentrio, but be is fiot my enemy. , V Then your father. appeared to favorlt mole thy suit with Dora ?" , > " After all,.Mr. Powell, you must remember ye ii&Ve; .tbej giving away of ourselves," 'answered Elsie. "Yes, thank God, yo'ff have the, giving; away of yourself, Elsie; and von oSly shall be my choice," cried (he youth fervently. " Oh, how I oould have trampled on that common fellow in the dirty, moleskin trousers who had the' impudouoe to danoo with you so many times 1" "Indeed, I commend your indignation," sa!d Elsiev '.f'.-Ko wonder you felt incensed at his presence.' He is m'rely a bushman " , ";I aftl pleased ts hear you say that. Ioan't (ell yoti the pleastire 1'Gf course, what else should I say ?'' inter "fcip.ted the.lady. "He knowsnothihgol good Sooiety. He has never mefapefson of yotlr good breeding, nor even a 'remittance man,' Who I am sure would ba-e pointed out to him ' hie inferiority. But I know you like singing, ■ Mr. Powell. Shall I sing for you ?" What does she mean ? The devil is in the girl," thought Mr. Wilson PoWell, but he instantly added, "Oh, yes, on the WStOr .nothing is more delightful. In the houBe, good .singing is .often spoilt by the acoompani ment." , Elsie had a splendid voioe. It had never been trained properly it is true, but for all that there was a sweetness in it whioh is too often lacking In the average prima donna. At first soft and plaintive, her voice gr6w iu volume till it echoed qVet the still, Bmooth waters, and her singing Was heard by the merrymakers at the homestead. Mr. Wilson Powell listened like one entranced, onljr occasionally pulling a stroke to prevent the boat drifting coo far from the land. At last, unable to restrain himself any longer, so completely had he fallen under her speD, ho olasped his hands together and im plored her to oease singing. V Goose, oease, for heaven's Bake, Elsie ! You .always had ifiy heart, hut you have taken my Vory. sottl from me now." , . A hutst of rippling laughter Was her only . reply,, find she commenced singing again. ~ Do.oease, I implore you," pleaded the .*:wretohed man.. "My.very soul is ravished, and I can stand it no longer. Only say you'll . be mine, and I'll ask your father's oonseut this verymorning. We'll he iu-—" "Onr friends will be getting anxious about .us. .. Pull towards the shore, Mr. Powell," ' interrupted Elsie, unconcernedly. -.'.' No, nolet us row around the headland, it's too.Boon to land,'' said Mr. "Wilson Powell " wiih a foroed laugh. ;f,tYou;mustrow me whore at once, or I'll take ; the ' oars myself," insisted the girl. V.-Why, it's .o'.ear daylight—Christmas m rn ing—and I see oar friends gathered on the beaoh." The boat grated on the sand, and .Elsio, in ..stepping ashore, exclaimed in a loud voioe "Mr. Wilson Powell hiB proposed to me." And like a good girl you acoepted him, of ;• course,"; oried. the. wag who proposed at table that the stockman's address should be published in pamphlet.form. '' Of course, I did; this way.", answered the i sprightly girl-with a ringing laugh, pointing • over her left shoulder. Just then the tramp of horses doming from \- the direotion of the homestead, oaused a sudden ! .: interruption, . and : immediately two rough ; looking rhushmen, leadiog a third horse, made I their appearanoe A merry. Christmas and the top of the :■morning to you all," oriodthe foremost horse man, it'Is there a Mr. Wilson Powell among you hero ?'' : "I'm tbe man," Bhouted the tall figure in' the boat in a tone of bravado. , - " Oh !- that saves all bother of further in quiry, then,'.'said tbe man. "I like that sort of thing myself, because we can get to business . at once. We are detectives, and we want yon to go with us ". d " Go with you! What for f" asked Mr. Wilson; Powell,.his jaunty air instantly for Baking him. "Mr. Anthony Powell, of Plantation, it believed to have been murdered on the 17th I of the present month, and we arrest you on; . suspicion of being the murderer.' We've been all over the place in searoh of yon." . . " There must be some mistake," said Mr.; Wilson Powell, endeavouring to: appear quite : collected. " My nnole left for Sydney by the -. Boomerang on th-j 20th. and as I have not sittoe .- returned to the plantation, and not tbinking'it. worth while writing, the overseer has not been made acquainted with his departure. He took into his head all of a sudden to go to Sydney for a holiday." '.'Quite so, young man," replied the de . teotivo, drawing forth a pair of. handcuffs. . "You left tho plantation in oompany of your uncle; A Mr. Anthony Powell appears among the list of passengers, hut nobody of that naiuo travelled by tho Boomorang." " On what evidence, may I ask, do you pre sume to .-arrest a. gentleman ?" demandod Mr. Wilson Powell, summoning all his old effrontery to his aid, . ■ . ; " Plenty will hoforthcoming at the trial, never fear.V answered the deteo'ive, as ho adjusted, . at—t—it Yon crossed Kan-' thehandouffs on his wrists. ." You oroRsed Kan garoo Point ferry alono; a £o-no to wlioh Mr Powell is known tohavohadin bispo'esession was ohauged by you at tho hotel at whioh you stayed, . There: will; oven ho an eye-witness of the horriblq.deed, and the Est link in tbe ohaiu was diaoovored by us only yesterday." . .. ■ 1'Hero ciroumatantiil evidence, .and. weak even at that," retorted the youthful aristocrat, dorieively. „ • . , . e . " Might I inquire what that last lipk ot whioh you fpoko may be?" soid Mr. WiDkle, stepping forward and addressing' tho de teotivo. - •. , . « v " At a plaoo known or LandyuBoruo, re plied the limb of the law, we discovered a pile of charred logs, in tho oentro of which we found the body of a huuian being, rodQoed to ashes." * .■ . , „ 11 Now, tbon ! what do you think of that, whispered Sam, nudging bis mate. "Mightnot the ashes Have taken thehuinau. form -aooldentally inquired.Larry, turning to tho deteotird: " ' uIbHete not; but the wonder is'that nothing seems to hate disturbed-the heap; for the moment we ftegafc searching for traces the whole thing crumbled into a shapeless mate. And new, my man," said he, turning to his prisoner, " we must be making a move." I With that the two detectives assisted their t prisoner oh* to the spare horse which had been used to carry tie flwags, and immediately moved off in the diret'iOd of Brisbane Powell did not attempt to gay as much as "good-bye" to anyone present. A1 ooward at heart, his jaunty air had quite left .him, and he was unable to muster up that brazen effrontery which bo often had stood him in good stead. As for Doraj poor girl, she stood by half stupefied, unable to Bpeak or move a single limb. Tho first shook caused by Elsie's announcement was had enough, hut the arnst cf her lover oh suspicion ot murder, wbb too much for her, and she sank unconscious on the beach as he was being removed " Sbehaflonly herself to blame," said Elsie, times out of number. "Shehaabeeu warnedby me, and by others, against that villain, for it was never difficult to foresee that something of this e0rt would happen." " Thank Cfod, however, that matters are not worse, .as they might eaeily have been," said Mr. Winkle. "My brave, fiofclo girl l you have saved your sister in the very nick of time, for had yon not proved that fe'low to be an im pudent impostor before his arrest, it is hard to say what view of tho case Dora might take. At any; rate, her distress now will be Infinitely lesB, and lam sure before long she will come to see him in his true colours." Powell** trial oooupled the oourts for Beveral days. The e^e-witnesB referred to by the deteotives was an aboriginal, well known to Powell, and a frequent visitor on the plantation. On the day of the murder he was looking for "sugar bags" near Landy'sSornb, and unseen himself was a witneess of all that took plede. He was so terrified, however, that he hid himself in the scrub for a couple of days, after whioh he ventured to visit the plantation, and under a promise from the overseer, that the matter ►hould he kept a profound seoret, a full aocount of the mnrder was obtained. At first the over seer was inclined to disbelieve his story, hut the polioe were communicated with, and a search instituted, whioh resulted in the dis covery of the charred logs and the ashy oorpae. It also transpired that Mr. Powell had a large sum of money on his "person, of whioh his nephew was cognisant, but the real motive for the murder was a proposed alteration connected with Mr. Powell's will. TJnole and nephew were camped near the lagoon at midday, when a: quarrel between: them arose, and the young man, in a fit of passion, struck his unole over the head with a heavy piece of hardwood, split ting the 'skull open. Sam and Larry, as well as the two sisters, and Mr. Winkle, with a host of others, were called upon to appear as witnesses, but the prisoner; who fainted several timeB in the dook, finally confessed his guilt in the hope that the. jury might take a lenient view of his unhappy position. Bentence of death was passed upon him, no hope of re prieve being held out by the.oourt; yet the Exeoutive, taking into: aocount hi* youth, and that he was naturally, weak- minded, as well as the plea of tempora>y insanity set up by bis aotmsd* oommuted the graver sentenoe to im prisonment'for life; the judge who tried him, however, adhering to the belief that he was more a ruffian than a lunatio. During the lengthytrial Bam and Larry had an opportunity of becoming better acquainted with the sisters, and afterwards paid several visits to Oooobee, where the following Easter witnessed a much more brilliant gathering at Mr Eairleigh's house than on the previous Christmas, when Dora became Mrs Sam Latham, and Elsie was : married to Larry j Denieby. \- Someyearshavepasscdaway. fiamhasretired from business, having amassed a large fortune which he intends enjoyiog. Larry went in for pastoral pursuits, and when a redistribution of eeats took plaoe, following cn the passing of. the new Electoral Act, Mr. Denieby was the first person in his district on whom a deputa-. tion waited, asking him to allow himself : to bo nominated as a candidate for Tnrliament, whioh honour, however, be declined, as he and: Elete contemplated a trip to- the old country, whither they have since gone, and from our. late papers to hand wo gathor that I'lsio was much admired on entering society at homo. 