A Ghost Adventure of Pleeceman X. A Tale Told in the Bar Parlour. IT chanced some years ago a ghost in Mugginstown appeared, Which made the women, likewise men, most mightily afeared; Returning of an evening from some country neighbour's farm This ghost would come upon 'em and eventuate alarm. It was a apparition most ghastly to behold, And the party looking on it would feel his blood run cold. "It was," said Pleeceman X, "from information he received" Out for a walk dressed in its shroud, and mostly twas believed Whoever it should fix its eyes upon must tumble down A corpse, and e'en the bravest feared the ghost of Mugginstown. One day come from headquarters to my pal the dreadful news, This here spectre was a nuisance, and he would likely lose His billet if he shortly didn't captivate the ghost, Which caused him to shiver; for altho' it was his boast, As he'd tackle in fair fight the very roughest of the rough, And the daringest of larrikins as he would gaily scruff; Tho' he'd often said—and proud of it—as he feared no man alive, Yet he drew the line at chaps as didn't happen to survive. "You cau't put the darbies on a ghost, I'd gladly give a crown To be well through this job," ses Pleeceman X of Mugginstown. He'd been brought up in the country, and he entertained no doubt That apparitions had a trick of wandering about To pay in a vicarious way for wicked deeds they'd done By frightening every soul they met and having heaps of fun; Which seems to me queer punishment, but 'twas believed of old, Which my grandmother full many a grisly tale of such has told, How wicked men have been condemned about the earth to roam, To frighten men and women of an evening going home. Pleeceman X feared ghosts—a feather might have knocked him down When ordered for to collar this here one of Mugginstown. Duty is duty well he knew, his billet was at stake; Trembling, yet resolute, he sought each night the ghost to take. As the loafer looketh for a job he wishes not to get, His vain seekings for that spirit Pleeceman X did not regret. Till one night 'neath the gumtrees which surmount the graveyard wall He saw an awful thing in white, ghastly, grim and tall, With eyes resembling tramcar lights, which seemed to pierce him through; Oh! how awful were the feelings then of my poor friend in blue. It appeared in a bad temper, and it seemed to him to frown; "I wish I was elsewhere," thought Pleeceman X of Mugginstown. The thing advanced toward him, and he found to his relief The spectre hadn't seen him, which occasioned little grief, Pleeceman X stuck to his duty, tho' mortally afraid, And he stepped into the shelter of a friendly gumtree's shade. The question that now vexed him was, "Is this a 'goblin damned,' Or merely some young fellow who for fun (?) the ghost has shammed?" Remembering that a real ghost a missile passes thro', So out he took his handcuffs, and, as near the spectre drew, Urged by thoughts of wife and children, rewards and press renown, He hurled the darbies at the dreaded ghost of Mugginstown. He's often told me after he's certain he'd have died If his aim had been uncertain, and the bracleets had flown wide. He'd have thought they went straight through it and the blooming thing was real, But instead it cried, "Oh, dash it," and let out an angry squeal, Rubbed its ribs in pain and anguish; then Pleeceman X stepped up And invited that there spirit in the neighbouring logs to sup; And I think you'll all acknowledge that the local press had cause To bestow upon Pleeceman X a full meed of applause, Who believed in ghosts and feared them, and yet ran in the clown Who frightened people in a sheet and mask at Mugginstown. "Is that true enquires the sailor. "Yes." The shellback sheds a tear, Which trickles o'er his face and falls into his pot of beer; "I weep," says he, "to think that you a common landsman are A man who tells a tale like that should be a British tar. You'd be a godsend in a ship that in the doldrums lay To tell us yarns and keep us all amused the live long day." "You'd doubt my word," the bobby cries. A testament he takes To kiss, and then with laughter loud the side of each man shakes; "We only thought you lied before," and cachinna- tions drown The voice of him who'd swear unto this tale of Mug- ginstown. 