THJE STOBVT£Li-£B. Dick! Downer's Bisenchnntmont. Dick Downorn wns inclined to make a fool of himself. p.bout his petty eouflin Mrs. M(iyl-losaom. Notwithstanding thab sho had heartlessly jilted him, his devotion to her Reamed rather an in crenso than lo diminish. He could not of course, ignore tho fact that she had xranifid mm iiiohu BUiinur.iouaiy ; nub his mild resentment faded away to a vanishing-point when it beoatne apparent tha^hia cousin's marriage waa likely to provo an unhappy one. Captnin Mayblosaom Beomed a good fellow enough in his way ; but howover good a fellow a man may bo, if ho is absolutely devoid of income and ex pectations, he is not a desirable help mate. No doubt, when she eloped with him, Ada Mayblossom had counted upon being able -to win back the indulgent affection of hor adopted parent, Dick's f ather ; but, great as her influence had been over tho old man, she sqon found that ho was vindictively implacoable: Not only was this so, but old JobDowner was furious with his son for what ho considered bis want of npirit and proper pride in defending his (.'iiusin after her treatment to him. Old Downor was never tirod of denouncing his niece in terms which poor Dick could not sit by and listen ,to without indignant remonstrance, wheroby ho not only irritated his father, but innocently helped lo dissi pate tho remotest chance of effecting a reconciliation between the two. In spite of hid father's protestation Dick was a frequent visitor at the trim little suburban villa in which his fair cousin and her paupor husband resided Being a simple-minded individual, he. might have gone there fifty times with out ever suspecting that Black Care was perched astride the gable. The house was daintily, and even expensi vely, furnished : the living was ex cellent, for the Captain was particular about niafood, and had the reputation of. being one of the best judges of claret in London ; while the domestic .affairs generally were well ordered, and should no sign of painful parsi mony, Dick, however, was soon in itiated by his cousin into the secret oi iiujjuiiumg irouuie, ana aympainen cally shared with her the diamal apprehensions which it involved. To most people — who, by the way, had a pretty shrewd suspicion of tho extent of the Captain's income — little Mrs. Mayblossora seemed entirely imper vious to the worry of pecuniary em barrassments. She was always well dressed, cheerful, animated, and fas cinating. But to Dick, in their confidentiaWeVe-fl-fctfes, she confessed that her affected indifference was but a mask to conceal from the world the anguish which tortured her. She contrived'to make Dick acutely sensiblo of the misery of (he life of debt and .falsa appearance?, « lpplimented by worse than uncertainty regarding the future. Protfcy Mrs. Mayblpsgom had enemies, of course, and f Eeao ? did not hesitate to insinuate 'that sho deliber ately worked upon lieroousin's feelings for the sake of getting money out of him. It ?would have been nearer tho truth, perhaps, had they suggested that Mrs. Mayblossom's motive was to touch indirectly, though Dick, -the adamantine, hoarb of her wealthy uncle At tho same time' it must be owned that sho did get 'money out of Dick, and took it withia very faint show of scruple. Dick, .wpuid willingly have parted with the last farthing ho possessed iu the world to spare her a moment's uneasiness-; but, unfortun ately, tho assistance he . could render was of a merely temporary nature. Though nominally a partner in his father's business, his income wns but that of a- poorly- paid clerk, and the old man, knowing his son's simple habils, and no doubt suspecting that destination of his pooket-money,turned a doaf .ear 'to all suggestions of a ' rt?o: ' For his own part, old Downer refused emphatically to contribute a single farthing towards the support of his erring niece and her husband, and manifested so unforgiving a spirib that after a timo Dick abandoned, as absolutely hopeless, tho ungrateful task of appealing to him. Meanwhile, naturally, things went from bad to worse in the Mayblossom menage ;-creditors became clamorous, friends grow lukowar m; andchary :.nnd tho procuring., the commonest neces sariea of life involved ingenious but humiliatingsubterfufios and manoeuvres. To complicate matters, their appeared on the lowering horizon of tho future an ominous thundercloud which, whon itburst, would, as Dick feared, oom pletoly submerge his poor cousin in hersea of troubles. Dick had noticed of late that Captain Mayblossom was very soldom at home ; ho gathered incidentally that the Captain dis appeared from time to time, rather mysteriously; and that his manner was changed towards his devoted wife. She, podr woman, made no complaint on the subject ; but tho down cost look tho half-suppressed aigh, tho ill concealed uneasiness when she roforred to her husband's absences told the old sad. story of neglect and faithlessness plainer than words could speak. Dick was less startled, therefore, than ho otherwise might have been at. receiving from his cousin, ono day, a few blotted, incoherent linea, urging him to come ~ to hor at once, as a terrible grief had befallen her. With out a moment's delay he hastonod to her b\Ac, and loarnt that what ho had foisien had happened, and that his cousin's husband had deserted her. As he gazo.l sorrowfully upon her, i eeking in vain for words in which to convey, however feebly, his Iioar.tColt sympathy nnd devotion, Dick couH not help boing forcibly struck by tho peonilar villiany of the man wlio had thus wronged hor. Poor little Mro. # *? ' * . ... MaybloBsom was nttircd in a bo witching fovgown of some soft, creamy-whito material, decked with Incoand brijjht-ooloured ribbons, and fitting admirably to hor gracoful form. Her abundant tressea or auburn hair fell in wild disorder about hor fair neck and shoulders ; hor bluo oyes, moist with tears, loomed large and bright, like stars thraugh an eavotiing mist, and her whole attitudo botokonrd tho most pathetic grief and dispair. Dick waa seized with an access of furious indignation at this moving example of Captain Mayblossom's infamy, and horoso abruptly from his with a fierce exclamation. 'What is the matter, Dick?' ox claimed his cousin, looking up quickly. 'Thematter! That— that scoundrel gasped Dick, almost desides himself. 1 Hush, Dick ! aftor all ho ia — he is my husband,' sighed Mrs. Mayblossom gently. 'Yes, but ? . Well, 1 well see him at all events,' said Diok, ondoavour ing to control himself, ' Ho cannot roaliee the wrong he has done. Besides he cannot moan^ — ' 'No, Dick,' interposed his cousin, spoakinpr in a low tono, but with clear ness and decision. ' Do not go. to him. I forbid it. After this,' she added, holding tip the crnel letter hor husband had written to her, ' he is doadj;o mo. Tho creature he prefers to me. But there, Dick, let us not speak to him ! Only promise, upon your word of honour,in case you should ever meet him, not to lay a finger upon him — for my sake ! ' ' Ho deserves to bo shot,' growlod Dick, botween hia olonohed teeth. 'The greatost service you can do to me and my child is to avoid anything that may load to scandal. 'Will you promise, Dick, not toseek my husband?' said Mrs. Mayblossom, appealingly. ' Of course, if you insist,' said Dick, unable, as usual, to resist her pleading glance. But — but, what is to be done ?' ' For me and my darling little one, you mean p Oh ! If it were only alone!' exclaimed Mrs. Mayblosaom, with a gesture of despair. 'There is the child, at you say,' sa'd Dick gravely, rendered uneasy by his cousin's ominous exclamation. 'For her sake, not to mention your own, we must think about the future. In tho first, place, do you intend to apply for a divorce % 'For my child's sako no ;' said Mrs, Mayblosaom, quietly, but empathically. ' I have fully decided that Dick.' Somehow, this decision grated upon Dick's nerves ; but ho was too honestly concerned about his cousin at the moment to spare a thought about him self. ' . ' How do.you proposo to live ?' he next asked. ' What,will dear uncle say, when he hears ?.' demanded little Mrs. May blossom, abruptly. She looked at Diclc so eagerly, as sho askod the question, that it went to his heart to cru*-h tho dawning hope which horglancp expressed. But, knowing his father as woll as he didrHDickrfelt canstrained. to answer bluntly that even her present distross would not ?purchase the old man's forgivness.rv ' Poor little mo ! I feared it would be so,' murmured tho unlucky, girl, applying hor handkerchief to her eyes, ? 'However,' she added, briskly, 'I must not give way, hut roinember my child. I have made up my mind what to do, 'Dick. Fivo years ago, when poor dear papa died, I loft some friends behind in Australia, when I came over to live with' uncle Job.. Some of those will, perhaps, pufcjme in a way of earning my own living, if I return among them.' 'What ! leave England, Ada!' cried Dick, with a thrill of dismay. ' Tes, Dick; it will be better for many reasons,' said Mrs. Mayblossom, glancing for a moment at Dick's pained expression, and then fixing her gaze abstractedly upon the point of hor dainty little red morocuo shoe, which peeped from beneath her dress. ' Besides,' 'she added, af tor an aokward pause, ' I have no particular reason to feel attached to the old oountry.' ' You will leave ono behind you, Ada, ? wh(- — ''—?,' bogiin Dick, with flaming cheeks.. 'You aro always good, and kind and noble, and generous,' interposed Mrs. Mayblossora, hastily ; f and the only question is, how I am to get money to carry out my plans.' ' Money,' murmured Dick, some what sobered^ by the introduction of this prosaic topic. ' Of course. I cannot go without money. There will be the passage to pay and an outfit for mo and pet; and, of oourse, I should be unhappy if I went without paying my personal dobta,,and I should require to have something ia my purse when I land over there, shouldn't I, Dick?' said tho practical little lady, with great animation. ' I suppose bo,' said Dick, rather faintly. 'I have no doubt I could1 raise what you require.' 1 My Dear, noblo Dick,' exclaimed Mrs. Mayblossom, feolingly. 'But yeu couldn't indeed 1 You have no idea what a sum would bo needed,' And, immediately, little Mrs. Maj bloaiom began to check off, upon her slender fingers, a number of items which soon reached a very substantial total. Dick was considerrbly staggered at the amount, and ruefully confessed that it was far boyond his modest means. The conversation thereupon took an extremely prosaic and pra ctical turn, which renders unecessary a detailed report of it. Dick, who could not withstand his fair cousin's humours, was easily led to abandon tho sentimental aspects of the sitnation and to discuss ivith her, Boherly enough the important question of tho ways nnd means. Tho result of fho intor view is that, haying pledged himaolf to obtain the requisite funds to equip his cousin and hrr child for tho con templated voyago, Dick found himself forced to tho unpleasant nocossity of demanding a cheque from his father. The old man -was furious whon he learnt tho object of his son's request and thoro ensued a soono which, but for Dick's filial forboaraneo, might hnvo ondod in comploto estrangomont. But on the following morning, to his son's surprise, old Downer showed bignfl of rolonting, and at length he said, rather sulkily : — 'You and I musn't quarrel any more about that woman, Diok. Sho isn't worth it. I've written to Greggs my lawyer, and told him to ship her off to Australia at my expense.' ( My dear father !' cried Dick, immensely relieved and gratified. 'You ought to feel grateful, Dick, for I'm doing it entirely entirely upon your aocouut, and not out of sympathy for her,' growled tho old man. ' She deserves hor fato for hor hoartlesB conduct to you and mo. Deserted by her husband, she would bo uioro dangerous than over ovor horo, aud T would much Boonor sho were on the other side of tho globe.' Dick hastened off to inform, his cousin of the success of his mission ; and. though little^Miss Mayblossom evidently did not relish the interference of a lawyer in the business, she, nevertheless, thanked Dick very warmly and cordially for the service ho hod rendered. Dick would fain hare taken an active part in assisting his cousin to make the necessary ar rangements for her dep'arturo ; but, to his grpat chagrin, Mrs. Mayblossora said with firmness : — 'No, Dick ; it must not be. In the miserable position of a deserted wife I cannot be tno circumspect in my con duct. Besides, as my dear, good uncle is going to pay all tins money for me,' I must not offend him by occupying hia son's time.' ' But, Ada ! Will you not think of me a little!' cried' Dick quite plain tively. ' I am thinking of your good, Diok,' said Mrs. Mayhlossom, more seriously than she was wont to speak. 'You must try and forget me. Dick.! 'Forget you, Ada! I never can, never! My ,heart will go with you over the sea,' cried poor Dick. 'No, Dick, it will not,' said the little lady, fixing her blue eyes upon him for an instant, with a strange look of determination. Then sho added lightly, ' You shall come and see mo off/Dick. I want you to come.- But until then it must be au revoir. '' Sho made him a little curtsey, and thon, with a sudden impulse, seized his hand and kissed it. Before poor Dick could realiso what he was about, he had fallen on his knees at her, feet, giving passionate utterance to his frantic adoration. His cousin looked considerably startled for a moment, and then, releasing horsolf gently but with firmness from his grasp, quietly insisted upon his promising not to see her again until the day of her depar ture Dick, feeling considerably abashed by Mrs. Mayblossom-s^idigifii-^ fied 'demeanour, gave the required undertaking, guiltily concious that the episode precluded him from question ing tho decree of banishment. Dick kept his word, as in honour bound, but the fact oE having avowed to his cousin the passion which con sumed him cansod him to formulate hopes which, up to that time, he had not seriously conceived. Now that Ada Mayblossom's husband had de sortod her, might ho not legitimately aspiro to possess her ? On the other side of the globe, in a new country, might she not bo disposed to requito Lia life-long dovotion? He would follow her to Australia, 'to tho utter most ends of the earth, on receiving .a word, a look, the slightest sign of en couragement ! These wild thoughts and ideas naturally caused Dick to an ticipate with feverish impatience and anxioty their .noxt meeting, with, which he doggedly declined to asso ciate in his mind the sad word ' Farewell.' When the momentous day arrived Dick found his cousin awaiting him at tho head of the gangway on board the good ship 'BaUaurar. She was as pale as himself, but infinitely less agitated, and, after a few words of greeting, Bhe conducted him to her. cabin, whero . they could converse undis turbed. ' I have a confession to make to you Dick,' she said, facing him with com posure. . . . 'I have already made! mine, Ada,' began Dick, unsteadily. ' Listen to what I have to say first Dick,' said his'cousin, before ho could proceed. 'You believe that I am about to proceed to Queensland— alone,' As she spoke, Mrs. Mayblossom, half' involuutarily, perhaps, laid hor hand lightly upon a pile of luggage which oncumbered the bunk beside which she was standing, and Dick recognised, with a° start, a man's hat box and a gun-caso. 'Is this your cabin?' he inquired, turning pale. 'Yes, it is mine,' sho answered. '^And those things?' he interro gated, quite sternly, with -x glance at the compromising items. ? ? ' I told you I was not going alono, Dick,' said his cousin, blushing some what ; ' these things belong to my husband.' . 'To Mayblossm!' cried Dick. 'I& he going with you ?' ' Yes. He is in the saloon outside. Do you wish to see him ?' inquired his!cousin, a little sharply. ' Aro you, then, reconciled ! Have you forgiven him?' said poor Dick. 'Thoro was nothing to forgive,' returned his cousin, lifting hot1 hand eomo head, and looking at Dick a littlo soornfully. ' He was over tho truest and bast of husbands, You nover liked him. and wore ready to beliove the worst.' ' But — but the letter that you showed mo,' cried Diok, reddening. ' Ho wrote it by mj dictation. It was my own composition,' said Mrs. mayhlossom, in a hard voice. ' Then your — your grief your distress your agitation ? ' murmured Dick. ' Were all assumed,' said Mrs. MaydloRsom, mercilessly ' My hus band hoard ovory word through the folding-doors.' ' It was a trick then — a, plot !' ex claimed poor Dick, bitterly wounded. ' Yes, Dick, it was. 1 waa desperate and to obtain moans I could devise of raising tho necessary money to enable us to emigrate to Australia was by pretending to be in a position which excited your keenest sympathy. Thanks to you— for I am still grateful, Dick — the money .was forthcoming,' said his cousin, unflinchingly. ' I scorn your gratitude, Ada,'. cried, poor Diok with suddon fury. ' Is this your return for all my devotion1?' he added in a trembling voice. ' I would havo died for you, Ada, and now you aro not ashamed to confess that you have made rao a contemptible dupe.' 'I wanted ta convince you, Dick, that I am heartless and cruel — when I do not love,' said his cousin, speaking in measured accents, but as pale as a ghost. . 'Injustice to my husband and to myself, and for the sake of your own future happiness, I havft made this confession to you.' ' You might havo spared me, Ada,' was all Dick could say, as ho opened the cabin door with a trembling hand. ' I Bhould have liked to, Dick, for it has been an unpleasant task. But I had others to consider, besides myself ; and, after all,' I have been paid for what T have done.' 'Paid for it?1 gasped Dick. 1 Yes, and well paid.. See, here !' And, with a little hysterical laugh, Mrs. Mayblossom drew a slip of paper from the bosom of hor dross, and hold it before Dick's oyes. It was a cheque, signed by his father, for £500 # # * . # * The same evening Dick Downer Bought and interview with his father in his study, and said, almost fiercely ' Father, aro you aware that May blossom never deserted his wifo at all, and that tho whole affair was a miser able conspiracy to' get money ?| ' You don't say so !' cried the old man, opening his eyes with genuine astonishment. ' That appears to be the case,' replied Dick, rather taken' aback by his father's evidont lona fides. ' but what about that chequewfqr £500 which bore your signature' ?'ij; 1 She haggled a good deal, Dick, with my lawyer about the money she required,' said the old man, looking at his son curiouslj ; ' and, failing to got as .much as she wanted, she came to rao and offered for £500, to — to con vince you .of the folly of your infatu ation.' /. J__ ..., t}6;j?ho' .: has; 'dpne,^ so;; father, very 'effectually, ' said Dick. ; ? Then I don't grudge tho money,' returned the old man, as his elirowd eyes^ twinkled. — Truth. 