It is ;v matter fur xcji'iet rather than wonder that the two lending glailiutors iu tlie l'orth-coiniug elec tion light have both seen lit to allude t,o tibe all-important tarifl'question in tonus so vasue and 'sale' that no deliuitc conclusion can lie formed as to their intentions. Tlie iTcmier expatiates in the usual platitudinarian fashion on the advantage of being able to retain within our midst, the vast suuis at present, expended on imported farm produce, aud hints darkly at a good time coming when the interests of Queensland farmers shall be tenderly eared for under an amended tariff. But there he stops short. The suspicious frame of mind that leads him to mistrust even familiar friends, prevents liim from taking the public further into his confidence. Hence anybody who peruses the manifesto with the object ol divining his real aims on the sub iect will iuevitably be disappointed. Nor is the utterance of his burly ad versary, the opposition leader, one whit more satisfactory. He is, in deed, outspoken enough in his cham pionship of protection in theabstract, but holds out little or no expectation that he will within a measurably period, lend any aid to reduce its principles to practice. His pretext for inaction is that public opinion is not. yet ripe for so great a change. The same, however, might have been said of the system of local govern ment by Divisional Boards, which Sir Thomas Mcllwraith was happily iustru mental in forcing, at the eleventh hour, on a reluctant popu lation. whom the game of uninter rupted scrambling for Treasury j favors had utterly demoralised. 'We imagine that the determination of a sincere protectionist, such as Sir Tlios. has always proressed himselt, to embody his principles iu our fiscal system, would meet with far fewer obstacles now thau the Divisional Boards scheme did seven years ago. The fact is that both addresses are cramped by that pitiable localism that puts its fetters ou every candi date for an urbau aud, most of all, for a metropolitan, constituency. Public spirit is a laetor so entirely wanting in the public life of this colony, that it is an almost hopeless effort on the part of a politician to appeal to any class of considerations into which, in however small a de gree, it may be expected to enter. The inhabitants of the capital live partly by commerce, partly by an incessant- stream of public expendi ture ; consequently are not likely to view with much favor any definite lironosal for t ill1 i 111 rnrl net inn nf n system that must seriously detract from both these methods of snatching a lazy subsistence. But the rival matadors declare themselves ardent admirers of Australian federation ; both are agreed as to the expediency of a thorough revision of our modeof levying customs duties : yet neither has the courage to boldly formulate a policy in which these two principles shall harmoniously work together for the grand end of Australian unity. A miserable truckling to the petty prejudices of the hucksters of Queeu-street forbids them to champion a cause, the persevering advocacy of which would suffice to make either of them immortal. To anybody who has devoted the least attention to the subject it must be evident, first, that Australian federation, in its fuller and better sense, is wholly incompatible with our divergent tariffs aud border war fare ; second, that the present time is singularly favorabio. for broaching the proposal of a uniforn tan'!!', under whose invigorating inilueuce the pale ghost of paper federation, as at pre sent raised in hollow mockery once a year — if that — would speedily become '?materialised' into solid, tangible fact. The idea of an intercolonial Customs Union (which might be made as exclusive as the extremest Collingwood '' rad' could desire) is one that would be welcomed with almost e.,ual enthu siasm by the disciples of both schools of political economy. The judicious limitation of imports, the produce of the cheap labor of the Old World, on the one hand, and on the other, a sweeping removal of the barriers that at present hamper intercolonial commerce, are measures so rational and mutually helpful that they must commend themselves to the free trader and protectionist alike. It is a poor comment on the boasted breadth of thought in our public men that the contemptible jealousies fos tered by the nominal heads of 'per- sonally governed ' Australian colo nies, should have so far prevailed against the common interest as to enable party leaders to maintain tliemscl ve* in power by fostering disunion. In the mouth of men who, for Ihe sake ol conciliating this or that constituency, shrink from the task, however arduous, of realising their asserted federal aspirations, the most eloquent protestations of' Aus tralia lor the Australians ' lose their foroe. There probably was never a period in the history of the colony when the fatally mischievous nature ol that system of see-saw personal government, to which the apathy of the community has consigned 'us, was more evident, or the probability of our emerging from the traditional groove more remote. Under a fusion of the antagonistic parties that for merly distracted Victoria, that colony has made giant strides. Similarly the best hope that Queensland is warranted in conceiviug from the ensuing elections is that there will be such an infusion of fresh and capable blood in the new Parliament as wholly to blot out tho old class lines and lead to the formation of a go vernment in which party aud per sonal interests, as distinguished from the collective will of the people, can find no place. 