MALADMINISTRATION OF THE LAND LAWS. (to the editoo or " the aostoalian stab.") oir, — jaaving read with much pleasure in recent issues of your very popular paper two letters on the above subject, I thought it might bo deemed within the eternal fitness of things if I were to send you a few lines, on some salient features m the affair on which your correspondouts have not touched. Imprimis, concerning dummying. This crime is far inoro ex tensively practised than a great many people imagine. Aa may readily be sur mised, the chief offender in this wholesale - robbery of Crown lands -is the pastoraliBt; of that there is not the shadow of a doubt. Land-hunger in him has developed into a perfect greed ; and, not -content with a far larger slice of ground than the majority of his fellow-creatures possees, ho must act the dog iu the manger, and will not rest contented until he owns tho fee-simple of far more land than he or all his.generation could possibly hope to cultivate. Asa portion of his run is useless for agricultural purposes, he Bimply picks out thoso spots which are likely to recommend thomselves to the bona fide settler, feeling assnred that no one will - trouble himself about the unprofitable portions. Now, as there is a heavy penalty attached to dummying, the modus operandi is rather ingenious. The squatter advances the money for selection, and guarantees the dummy £1 a week and rations for fivo years; during this period of five years the dummy agrees to agist a specified number of cattle for tbe squatter, and then to give 'him a lcoso of the selec tion for 99 years without any further payment on the -squatter's part ; a strin gent clause in the agreement being that the dummy must not cultivate his selec tion. My advice to dummies all and sundry is thio — " Bide your time; save, sufficient out of your JU a-week to keep you in rations for six months, and then tell the squatter, who has tempted you to infringe the laws of tho land, that you intend to - cultivate your ground, and make a home for your self, and consequently that you wish to have no further dealings with him." Tho land-shark -would be power- ' less to movo in the affair without impli cating himself; Some four years since a dummy in the neighbourhood of the Upper Clarence died a week or two after taking up his selection. No improve ments had been made on tbe ground, nor is it yot declared - forfeited ; nevertheless the lessee of the run had a small hut (about_ 12 or 15 pounds' worth) erected on it some 12 months since ; it would not require on (Edipus to solve this riddle. It will be amusing 'as instruc tive to see, 1st, at how much the Govern ment agont will value the building, and next, whom the Land Board will decide to have been the architect of tho shanty— the lessee or the dummy's ghost. The dummy on . a station can easily be de tected from the bona fide selector. The former has every encouragement and assistance from the lessee to continue his residence, while the latter is opposed at every available point. Auosner moae or ooiaiuing lana is, as your correspondents pointed out, by auction soleB, and, of course, this method has also been adopted in the Clarence and Rich mond River districts. The major portion of these lands were bought at i I an acre, and, some of them being of a rich agricul tural description, .were, and are still, leased at' 'ill' an acre per anuum.- Thus the land-sharks (who 'never dug a square yard of the ground) have been recouped tenfold and, in some instances, fourteonfold, on their original outlay, and still continue to own the ground. . Does any inau in his sober senses mean to say ttfat resumption in these coses would be dishonest? I would further mention that in addition to the rental, tho tenant- . farmer has to olear the land. In a few in stances the station-holder agrees -to pur chase a certain quantity of hay and oorn annually at stipulated prices from his tenant-. According, to all preconceived ideas of justice, who ought to own those lands? The capitalist who has had his orieinal outlay rendered to him .ton-fold. ' and who religiously refrains - from soiling his hands with labour, or the farmer, who has paid the fee-simple of tho land ten times over, . and who still, under existing laws, has the privilege of continuing to pay the fee-simple annually for being allowed to work? AVhcre this stylo obtains, it is not difficult to conceive that the lessee be comes a species of autocrat, and obstructs the highway according to his own sweet will. For some years I havo been accus tomed to find illegal obstructions in the shape of gates across tho main roads, and would very much like to know if tho public have any remedy, in the matter. All mjr previous experience, however, on this point paled into insignificance when, a few dayB since, on going, through a small town in the Clarenco district, I was sud denly stopped by a large gate placed Urectly across the street. All my in quiries only elicited the fact that this was < one for the convenience of tho neighbour, ing station, and that tho residents of the town did not like to interfere, as the leasee of the run did not interfere with their few cows and horses. It is about time that township had a com mon reserve. They could then, perhaps, bo a little more considerate for the travel ling public. The leaseB of- tho majority of tV-s runs in tho Clarence and Richmond tricts expire next year, and are not to renewed. It is to- bo hoped : -it no more lands will be sub- l-it-ted for sale, by auction in the interim, and, further, that lots al ready purchased,, will bo enclosed by fences, so that tho intending selector may know exactly what portions remain from tbe voracious maw of the land- shark. That the best pieces are already selected, or purchased, or dummied, there iB no rea son to doubt ; but, still, sufficient remains to attract an agricultural population, and, for this purpose, I trust, it will be allowed to remain. One would imagine that owing to the withdrawal of the land from loaso, as just mentioned, station property in tho Clarenco and Richmond distziots would suffer depreciation, but a Blight reflection will show that under existing circum stances eucIi is not the case. In fact, quite recently a station on tho Upper Clarence was sold for a very high figure. The reason is this -. AVhon the lease lapses the squatter will have no rent to pay. Ho owns the freohold of several choice _ bits of bis former run, amounting . in the ag gregate to soveral thousand acres, and not being compelled to fence purchased land (that is a privilege reserved for the se lector and dummy), there are no peculi arities by which one catTdistinguish tho boundaries of these lots. Ho need, there fore, not be apprehensive that strange stock will be agisted on the con tiguous Crown lands, for directly bo is threatened with any such calamity he need only watch them for a short timo and ere long ho will be enablod to seize and impound them for trespassing on one or other of the numerous " eyes " which ho has managed to annex ; so that practically his rent will retrograde from a popperoorn rent to nothing. I would submit that the alienation of lands has had a fair trial, and has been found to be worse than useless, being mischievous in tho highest degree, as it simply enables tho wealthy man to get wealthier at the expense of hundreds of his fellow- oreatuvcs, each of whom does more work in a weok than the average laud- shark during tbo whole of his rapacious existence. — Yours, Ac., SUBSORIDER. 