Vlto Dentil of ttluelier. After tho ovonts through whioh tho mnp \- of Europo was completely alterod in 1815 tjbe Prussian Field-Mai alml Bluohcr, the saviour of Wellington nt Waterloo, and whom nobody liked bocuusp of his rude ness and brutality, was put on tho retired list. Disheort nod by his removal, nnd reduced to innction aud ohsourit-y, ho l<-ft Berlin and wont to reside in his emtio, situated in Pomerania. Soon ho fell into n deep melancholy, rendered moro intense by dropBy and inflammation of the ohost. A strange chango in hiB character took plnco. That rough Boldior beoauio timid, even poltroon. He would not remain alono in the dnrkneSB; solitude threw him into singular anguish, His state of hoalth was roported to tho King, who eBteomed and loved bim a great donl. Tlio monarch having hoard that at several times tho Marshal bod expressed the wish of seoing him onco more beforo he diod, resolved to visit him. Leaving Berlin in the morning, tho King of Prussia arrivod in Krieblowitz oarly in tho ovening. Immediately lie was conducted to Bluohor's room. . Tho sick man, aged 74 years, was reolining on a sofa placod beforo a large ohimnoy. in whioh onormous logs of wood woro burning- Their flames illumi nated the room' and oast mobile and red ro- fleotionB on tho old man wrapped up in bear skin. At tho cntranoo of his sovoroign in his apartment, Bluoher triod to riso out of re- epoot for his august visitor, who prevented him frdm doing so. The King took took a chair and sateby tho sido of tho Marshal. Blueher at onoo said ho wished to be left alone with his master. Whon ovory one had left tho room ho said ; "Sire, I hove humbly requested yonr ' Majesty to ooino here, in this castle of Krieblowitz; ratlior than not soe you I would have genu to Berliu myself, although' I am dying. 1 have a secret to confide to your Majesty, a terrible ono. Will my Kiug allow me to spank ' " Certainly, my dear Marshall." "Beforo listening to my narrative, Bire, look at mo well. Assuro yourself that I am in the possession of my seoaes, and that I am not a lunatic. Sometimes I believe I nm on the verge of insanity; and I doabt if I am not taking yesterday's vi-ions for a remembrance of days gons by, But no I" added ho, drawing a gold braoelot from im pocket, " no, all is true, all is real, and I am Buro of what I am saying." 1 'Listen to mo, your Mnjesty." " Whon, in 1766, tho Soven Yoars' War began, my father, who inhabited his castlo of Gross Ronzow, sont mo to tho manor of our rolatives, situated in Rugen Island. Aftor a whilo the Russian Govornment offorod me the grade of cornot in tho Black Hussars Regimont. I aocopted of a for- lough to' oijord me tho opportunity of paying a visit to my family, that 1 had not seen for months. A leave of absonoe was granted to mo. "On my way to Gross Ronzow I found all that part of Mecklenburg horribly devastated. ' Arriving about four miles- from homo, I beoamo aware .that my enrringo oould not ascond tho now stoopy rond conductingto the house of my nncostora. I abandoned it, and pursued my journey on horseback, followed by ono of my servants. " It was fifty-nine years ago this vory day, the 12th August, aud at the hour iadioatcd now by this antiquo clock — half-past 11. A dreadful tempest shook the troes, the flashes of lightning blinded me, and the roports of thunder deafened me ; tlio rain was pouring. Aftor galloping quite a whilo in tho forest I arrivod before tho castlo alone ; my sorvant had lost his way tlirongh the inclemency of the weatKor. ' " Without dismounting I knooked at tho door with my whip. Nobody answered mv call, whioh I repoated three times without being answered. Out of patianeo, I alighted from my horse, ascended tho stoop and entered tho castlo. No light, no noise any where. I avow that my heart went to my throat, ana a cnui crept tnrougu mj ooay, "What foolishness! thought I; tho castle is deserted ;,my family has gone to the city. No matter, ob I am here, I must arrangb my self as well as possible. " And I crossed a linll and wont to my father's room. A fire half extinguished was smoking in tho chimney ; by its faint light I saw my father, my mothor, and my four sisters, eeatod around tho fireplaoo ; they roso when they perooived mo. I ran to kiss my father : ho stopped me with a gesture ; I extended my arms to my mother ; she foil book with a sad motion of tho head. I called mv aisters, each soparatcly ; they took oaoli other by the hand without answering roe. Thon tho whole of them returned to thoir eeate, '"Do not you know mo any more?' ex- olaimed I. ' Is it like this a family ought to receive a eon and a brother? Havo you already heard of mv entrance in the Russian service? I could" not refuse Remember that the first thing I do is to oomo and in form you of my action. What ; my father, you do not apeak? My mother, you koep silent ? Hove you forgotten, my sisters, our mutual tenderness and the plays of our ohildhood— those plays that this place has witnessed eo often ?' " At those loot words my sisters appeared to be moved. They spoke low, roso and eignalied me to approach. One of thorn knolt before my mother as if alio wanted to play n name in which tho playors strike oacli other. Surprised at this strange fancy in a moment io solemn, I touohod the hand of my sister with tho end of my whip. A mysterious force attraoted me. "When my time onme to kneel bofore my mother ond to put my head on her lnp— oh. horror I I felt a form angular and cold under bor silk dross. I heard a sharp noiso like tho rattling of bones, nnd then o hand met mino ; that hand rested in it. It was a skeleton's band. I uttered a cry of terror, They woro hupoan remains that I shook con '""Out' of mysolf, and with a disturbed mind, I ran away from this awful castlo ; in the yard I found my horse, I mounted and departed at a furious pace. At the break of tlio dav my steed fell doad, and my servant found mo sensloss, lying under tho animal. I was at the point of doalh for over thrno weeks. Whon I rcoovored my health 1 foamed that my family had perished, victims of this pitiless Seven Years' War, and that our manor had boon pillaged and ranBackod many timos "I returned to Gross Ronzow. I wentod to pay the last duties to my family and to give a decent burial to those I- loved eo dearly. Notwithstanding tho most minuto ' researches I was unablo to find their snored remains. Alono, a hand, a woman's hand holding a gold bracelet, was picked up on tho floor in my father's room, tho same room where the fatal vision appeared to mo. I took that braeolot, this vory one, und tho band was buried in the ohapol of tho castlo. "Many years passod. Two months »go 1 was asleep on this sofa whon I was awakened by a slight noise. I opened my eyes, and aaw distinctly my fallior, my mothor, and my four sisters standing boforo mo; my sisters took oach other by the hand, and motioned me to join thorn. "No, no ! novor !' criod I. " Thou tho ghosts, clasping thoir hands, began to turn slowly around mo. "Justice,' said my father passing boforo me, ""Penance," murmured my mother, in. clining her Bad face towards mo. « 'Prayer,' said the younger sister. " 'Sword,' sighod another. \- " 'Twelfth of August at midnight.' « And again llioy turnod around mo,|utter- ' ing the eamo words, thon thoy vanished, ro- P"",-Good-byo I Good-bye t Tho twelfth of August at midnight 1' "Ioomprohonded that my life was to bo aooomplialied soon, and nothing moro waa to bo done by mo bjit roeommoudod my aoul to God and my family to your Majosty." "My dear Marshal." ropliod tlio King, "what yon have related to mo is oortninly very extraordinary. PorhapB- fover and d-hrium hail somothiug to - do with tlicso visions. Courago; toko oourngo; fight against Hiobo hallucinations and lmvc good hopo. You shall rogaln your health, and you will live many long yoars. Do you not boliovo mo ? Yes, is, it not ? Givo me your hand." And as Dlucbor did not answor, the King of Pr&Bsia; soiled his hand. It was already cold and rigid! Midnight struck by tho antique olook in tho parlour. Fiotd-Marohal Bluohor, the savionr of Wellington at Waterloo, was doad, — Trans lated from tho Fronoli. 