MY UNCLE'S GHOST. BY FIUNOIS FOOTE. : One rainy evening Inil' weak I' lounged into my, uncle's-bachelor apnrtmonts.ab.tho hotel., for a tnllc and smoke. One of my uncle's hobbieB wlis to bo surrounded nt nil thuya by young men j and, indeed, ho seemed littio more than a boy himscif in feelings, although be had passed his fiftieth-birthday. And wo were all devoted to •' the major,'J as wo c.nllod him—I believe that was hia title during the war. > Thore was no.-one'-so'wilting to offer ;a helping hand when wo were in a > college scrape; no onu who wonld loan monoy so. readily when an allowance > foil shortthere was no one with Ruch a fund of experiences from which to > draw for amusing or thrilling kales; ami then his wines and cigars were > unimpeachable. On this'particular evening I found him stretched out-boforo tho liro, his oycB 'fixed reflectively upon tho celling,- a9 he blew huge rings of smoke from bis pipo.' j-' " How are ybu, Tom?" ho said, lazily j I " you've saved mo from myself by coming in, It has been such n nasty sort of n day. and an evening like this I always mope, and. think i of m'j ghost," - j' " Your ghost?" I. echoed. I "Why,yea j you know Mmve the pleasure j of owning one. Do you. mean that I have never told you the story ?" ' ; | I say " No," emphatically, and the major's face grew, radiant with the anticipated j pleasure, for the one thing which ho enjoyed above, all others was,a good story told by him self; and they!wcro always good. . ■ " Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. "I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and yon will find the best cigars on the : top shelf." ■ I' : At last we were comfortably sottlod. and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he I began. ' ': • : I ' It was about fifteen years-ago, and I was I on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go i right through as thoy do now, nnd-stopped. I of toner. It might havo boon flvo o'clock in | she evening, and wo had one more night to | ride, when the train beuun to slow up,.finally. I; stopping, at a .small station, 'and a J,y.oung woman damb into tho'car." ■' • . " The seats were pretty well occupicd, and when sho reached mo sho nslcod;if nho might, have tho other half of mine,,.. ,OC course said ' YeA;' l'horb was plenty of room, and she only-had a bit of a bag with.her. * ..." You know I novor was much oh women, but I,can', tejl ft pretty' one when-'l.sob; hor,' ntul it lady. She was,both, although her dross wAsfplain and black, and hergloves had been neatly mended in several places, ..I had. » number of books and papers, tho most en tertaining of which I offered, her, and when, sho thanked mo, her .voice wits tho sweetest I havo heard—low soft and musical. 'V By Joyo !".'»aicHfchtf major, exeitodly, as ho reached for tho brandy," I know that woman would sing with her. whole soul; she couldn't have helped it with' that, voico. ■' i ".'\Voll|"" ho' continuod;" sho took up a book, but sho didn't read much j just turned the pages at random; and' sighed softly' to horaolf'HVory-littlo while',-'as if sho- wore un happy or in (trouble." - When Jtlio conductor' camo through site called him . and naked about a berth. : , ' I am riorry,'< ho said j ' yon should havo; telegraphed. Wo nro very full, and there is hothlng.but nn upper one loft. . You would like n wliolo section 7' ' •, 8 'it would,' sho replied ; • although a lowor borth would do. You are auro you cannot ac commodate me • v.,.-. : ■■ . ■' "H'm sorry, miss, but . Iv don't see howt' and that burly conductor did scum sorry, out of sympathy, as ho saw the troubled expres sion in tho girl's lace. ' ' - 1 Then 1 spoke,— , \ • ' •' "11'havo a'wliolo sootlon to mj'self,1 I said, 'and I always prefer the uppi.r berth j so if you.will take tho low I. shall ;bo most happy to resign it to you.', i, : , , This was a lio, for I had nover slopt in ouo boforo, but sho was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lio of that kind. „ " v'. \ 'A-/ .1 ; " " I shall'nevor forgot tho glance sho gave mo. I had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole faco. Thoy wore, a deep ; violet,, almost purplo, with dark depths, rind thick black lashes which cast' shadows on her palo checks. Yes, sho was very pole, you would havo callod horill until: you saw hor tips, which wero like a strip of scarlet on tho snow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had. been mado by somo sharp 'instrument, just' below her loft temple. . 1 : ! : 'J I. tried to talk with her, for she interested mo'dceply, but although sho nnsworod mo pleasantly, sho said nothing by whlclrlcpuld - discover who she was, whoro sho was going,, or why sho was travelling alono. "Just boforo It, was timo to mako up tho berth sho grow very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hanils/and. tapping hor foot. Shti glanced.at rnu once or twice, but to nil appearances I Was deep in my book, ; ' 'J ,% •";? I've got to doi it,' l:heard hor say in.tho faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't belioro sho know that sho spoke I aloud, so occupied was ebe with her own-. ' " lu ft few moments she spoko again, still ' talking to herself,— . •, fi " They must never find him about mo. J-& would spoil nil, nufl I woull never— . " I lost the next two words, but tbcv i Bounded like • disgraeo him.' bbe scomcd i aware tben that sho had spoken aloud, ana looked quickly at mo. 1 turned a page ol i ray book and settled back farther into my i corncr* , ; i Then she opened her little bag and took I from it a .picture. As near as. I could make i out it- was the likeness of nn aristocratic young man with bluo eyes and smiling llP''She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly t passionately, then fiho kissed I it fervently under cover of her lmndkcr i After that, sho covercd it with both I linndrf, gfvv.c one littlu Hobtiind tlicn began to I tear that picture into inch bits. _ ' I "'All, all, a lover's quarrel I I tbougnt; j and yet it didn't scon like that. • ■- It was too I serious j like a parting forever. _ • " In a little while she turned to me. one wns paler than ever, and the old sear was brighter. , 1 ■ „ "1 Will you please open tho window I she asked. '1 havo something to throw away.! . .. "I did as she wished, and she seatterca 'tho fragments of that photograph to the four winds. Sbe'drew a breath ot relief, ■ •'' Now that] is • oyertho. rest will be comparatively easy,'sho said this time to me. ... • ,l ."' What will be cRsy,' I ventured. "' Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to n stranger,'she replied. 41 suppose I mean life will be easier while wo live, and death when wo die.' "1 Life should always be easy for one as young as yourself,'I snid, gallantly. * " She turned her beautiful eyes toward mo again, riritl hor glance was like n.Bhoek from a battery. In their depths .I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, whilo sho said, slowly,— '"Life to bo eaBy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,'with an emphasis on'tho 'hnsbeen' 'too sweet to last; but now—, well, all will bo right in tho future, I havc.no fear.' And sho turned uway. - " After that I could only inakc hor speak m monosyllables. "At last that whole car full had Bottled down for the night to try and gain the little I rest which might bo found. Everything wns tolerably quiet, and I shut my. eyes and tried not to notico tho jar of the train* or tbo occasional groan of the engine. "Thcro wps a little, scraggly, pale Novem ber moon, which gavo mo a chili as I looked at it, and : mado mo imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought I heard iv stifled sigh once or twice from tho berth below. ; I even poeracd to notice a. faint, unpleasant odor. All my senses woro abnormally active, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. " When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pnle, yellow, moon and I'had a hand-to-hand light to seo which of us should savo tho wretty girl, and (luring our struggle Bbo had< nuen cruahcd under the car.' " T liad important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with tho young lady before 1 left the car. In the morning when I arose I. want to tho front platform for souio fresh air. When I entered the car ogain almost all my follow-passen gors were visible, but that berth undor mine was just lis it had been all night, tho girl had not yot nppoarod ; could sho bo ill ? ■! w#3; very near my, stopping.placo—I coil Id'''hot go without saying good-by. Tho porter passed .through, t called,to him and told liim that .tlioro was a Imly. iri that'bci'th who had not yet been heard from^ Sho might bo sick. ■ Ho .wont to the berth directly, und.niadb one startled., exclamation. 'Tho passengers, began to crowd around. There she lay,; tho lashes resting thick on her eheoks^libr .lips, still that wonderful dash of red,.but her face was like marble, hor bands.woro ice, and hor heart—ah I there was no action there. ' She was dead 1 ' • V Bj'her side .was a bottle half-filled wi,th laudanum, which showod that she had taken herowrilifo. ' , "I did uot waitfor anything moro,to hear the criticisms'and: tho questions as to who she was, lincl :why sho did it; I just took oho ;long,. parting look,rand; touched her. pretty brown.hair j then 1 went out to tbo platform' again, and .vomaincd thcro until I roauhed my station,". . . . . , Tlie major smoked violently for n few momonts. "V But wbora.,does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. \ •; il The gliost 1" lib said, with a suggestion of passion In his voice, which I had never hoard there before ,* " she is thu ghost. Her pala face,. black dress,. and violet oyes, have hauntod'ind moro or les3 ever since. I; can, hear her swcot, musical -voieo as. plainly- to-' day, whon I will allow myself, as I did then, aiid it was fifteen years ago,. , There is a placu, in riiy heart now for tlioao poor llttlo mended: gloves, which-wero in themselves, n patbetio story. ', ; , ■ " I am novor on duty at night that sho does not stand boforo mo with that little troubled expression; and that pleading look, .until I, reach out my arms; to touch;lictv then she vanishes, and I know it was,—you. will say an illusion, n. fancy—I call i.t hor ghost. "How many times,lmvb Ii wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man's picture. 1 would have pasted them together if it had takon half ft lifetime nud then L would have found-hlm. • I would,havo revenged that poor girl for.'tho wrong lie had .clone. . Yes," wrong, for I know.that in some, way'ho had driven her .to her death, Per haps that is why I havo novor married, I can't tell, I only know that I havo never yet met a women who could be.to mo what her memory is; and I saw her but once; sho was not even'a namo to; me ; of herself,' her' character, Iknow nothing, and I.nm called a man of the'world.: " And yet, boy,V ho exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with,passion,"I am happior on'^dark/ stormy night liko this, in tho, prospect of coming hoiiio to bo yvlth her— spirit, hor momory, if you will, than I should bo if l know anothnr, ii ,roal woman,;was Awaiting to fiiug.aoft arms about my nook, to kiss mo with tenderost lips, lforgivo,mo, Tom j I soldom speak of my own feelings and oinotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand h'bw much reality thcro cnn .ba even in a ghost." ' : m The' mnjor had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good humoredly' 'over ' his; pipe' as if.^romarico', women and bo bad always .boon, as tboy always would.bqratruugors. ■ , , 