(to the editor.) Sir, — I was much pleased to see your leader of 21st instant, which I read with avidity* I had no idea that you were so good at' de- lineation of character, and consider that, could you ply the brush as Rembrandt, or use the camera like our Cunningham' of ' Nicholas, you could not have produced a more perfect picture of the 'engineering party' of our town than you did in' your leader before mentioned. I expected that there would be some cutting, replies — if not ' in your own paper, most assuredly in the paper called the 'Liberal. ' But,' excepting 'New Ohum's' very mild defence in the - Herald arid ' ' Citizen's' . worse attempt in the Liberal, the engineering party have accepted ' ' the caps you made them— they fitting ,so- ' nicely. But I consider you began at too early a period for the antiquity of your ' fossil, as any period ' since tbe flood' !l would have been early enough for his resur rection. It is not the shades of those big '] men mentioned in your leader that surround ' Cootamundra as a fog, but the ghost of ' 'Hamlet' that obscures their vision, and ' ' leads them to think that they can foist upon ; ; ? the electors of Gundagai and Young two'1'1 such crude specimens of the biped creation ' as they offer to be their leaders. Do they not know how many times our Pioneer has been tried as a leader? But, no matter, how ' ,, often, or in what team, he has been found only fit for the shafts ; and then, up hill or'' ' down, he never took to the collar, but has always satin the breeching. As I am a fairly , old resident of this district, I know a little ',,-, of the progress of Cootamundra, and more particularly of its. early days, when our Pioneer was Jack-of- all-trades, and was -, then tried as a leader, but proved a failure. ,' In ?69, when the selectors were flocking into ' , the distrct, and our Pioneer had all the busi ness places to himself, he did not say to the selectors— ' Come op, boys, plenty of room , . here !' No, but held out fears that when a . dry teason came they would all have to clear out to the Muirumbidgee. It's not unlikely,, had the selectors been of the same calibre of )?. brain as our Pioneer, Cootamundra would, ;,', still be a waterless and uncultivated waBte;,,'^' but, although dry seasons have come and, \ gone, the selectors were not compelled, as - , , predicted, to forsake their holdings for th'ej% Murrumbidgee. But I. will take your : readers on another few years, to about the year '76, when the town of Cootamundra , started to grow with mushroom growth, and .! the dry weather made all think of their water .„?' supply ; the town was then depending upon , a supply not equal to the provision ol some , _ individual selectors ; and this had been made , ./ by the Government. At the time of which I ,, ,' speak the townspeople began to be scared, . the water in the reservoir bad been almost , exhausted, and the Government were paying , to have the mud taken out, and a pubho meeting was held to consider the water ques- i tion (as haB been done once or twice Bince). At this meeting it was unanimously agreed to have trial holes sunk to try for a source of water, the townspeople agreeing to pay^' * the, cost of same. Three persons were ap-! - , pointed to get this done, our Pioneer being '„ ? one, so he was put in as leader, but proved how unsuited he was for a leader; for, after',. , leading his colleagues round for an hour or so, he got into the shafts, at a hole being sunk , by a blacksmith opposite Scanlon's hotel, and said he would not move until it: was seen i£ these people got water, and he so stuck to - the breeching that the team broke up, and no ' ,;'„ trials for water were made but by private persons. Now, sir, I would like to ask hoV . \ much benefit would have accrued to the , ? town, even had no water been found ? For about £50 the land near the town could have t .., been well tried. But these are not the only( 'r instances in which the Pioneer has been ? tried as a leader, and always proved a failure! Have they forgotten how our Pioneer stuck ! to the breeching against|t;he incorporation ? of '-? * thejboroUgh? And the people, not satisfied^ again put him in the lead ; but, ever the ? same, his only place was the shafts. 'And, after all these trials, there are some not yet- ' ' satisfied, and they still think he can be made ' ' ' a lbader. O ! Cootamundra, it'B now I Lf eel for thee ! Will the electors of Gundagai sub--/ mitito such a leader, when, he has given us' ' so many proofs that it is not possible to keep ' him from the shafts ? Is it the £300 a year' . . ' j- that is attracting his eye ? What is bred in, ' ? the bone, we are. told, will come out in the ' ' ' flesh; his liking for the breeching will still ' ? find him in the shafts on polling day.— ;' u '' Yours, &c;, ?. . ' ' ' ' A YOTER. [Some readers have thought that we dealt rather too severely with Mr. Barnes. It is his fault, not our, if wa. have to severely, criticise him. He claims the public con fidence on the ground that he is a local'mani,' As against that claim we will show at the' ' ' proper 'time that he has been a very irii ' ? different local man|in his attitude on public l'- affairs, and that in some important move-', ments he has been an avowed antagonist to ' progress. The people have acted generously ''* towards him when he really did not 'deserve it.— Ed. 0. H.~] .,. .. . : The Right Hon. John Bright is now lm- ' ; proving. ' l''-'l|Vi Mj ''la 