From the Curate to the Convent. CHAPTER IV. present relief from parochial difficulties. It would be tedious and uninteresting to describe minutely bow the idea of the new cbnroh took a practical shape. Some diffi culty was encountered in starting as to the character which the church should assume — whether it was to be a chapel-of-ease to the parish church, in which case Mr. Steele, if he accepted it, would still hold the position of curate to Mr. Romford, or whether it should have a district assigned to it out of the parish, and become to all intents and purposes a parish church, rendering the incumbent as independent of Ihe vicar as the vicar was of him. As might be expected, Mrs. Rumford threw all her influence into the former plan, which the promoters of the r.ew church had from the first resolved they would have nothing to do with. They insisted that Mr. Steele, who they had already decided was to be the first incumbent, should be absolutely independent of the vicar, — that is, of Mrs. Rumford. For a long time the vicar held .out, warned by his wife of the consequences of allowing " that firebrand, Steele, to do as he liked in the new church." "But, my dear," said Mr. Rumford, "Major Knox and the rest of them have declared they will have nothing to do with a chapel-of- ease, to be served by the curate of the parish church." " It is easy to see what they want," replied his wife ; " it is to set up some one in opposi tion to you, around whom all the malcontents in your parish can rally, thus emptying your church and reducing you to a cypher " "Well, Bball we back out of the new church ?" asked the vicar. " For my part I am sick of the whole affair, and 'would be very glad to leave things alone. I don't see why we can't go on as we are, and avoid the bother and worry of this new church." " And let Steele go on as be is doing ?" (Screamed Mrs. Rumford. " What will the parish come to ? All the soberrminded people are disgusted, and say they ban no longer come to church. Instead of the quiet and silence that once prevailed, now the church is turned into a bear-garden ; such pushing, crowding, heat, excitement, slamming of pew- doors, tramping of feet, and unseemly struggling for seats ; and then that maD, with his Irish extravagance of voice and manner, and his now views so different from the teaching to which we have been accus tomed 1 — I wonder you can tolerate such doings in your own churoh, and to find your self reduced to a nonentity among your own people." " I don't mind it," replied the vicar, calmly. " Indeed, I rather like to see the church full instead of pew after pew vacant as before ; and as for me, you know I don't set up to be a preacher, and never did, and Steele is liked by the people. I wish he would not get so excited, and I cannot say I quite understand his sermons, but I believe he is a good fellow, and thinks he is doing right ; why, then, should wo interfere with him ?" " And do you really mean to say, Cozens, that yon are content to see your most respectable and influential parishioners for saking your church because they cannot bear Mr. Steele and his doings? Colonel and Mrs. Newbury declare themselves disgusted with the vulgarity of his manner, and the Scotts insiBt upon it that he preaches the rankest Calvinism, to which they have a Bpecial ob jection. The Hon. Mrs. Freeland was seen last Sunday driving to a neighbouring church, and Mrs. Lundy declares that she can no longer attend- a church filled with none but low Dissenters. Then there are those excel lent Christians the Misses Meredith, who so admired your preaching, and were your most devoted followers— they think Mr. Steele most _ audacious to get into your pulpit and substitute his clap-trap for the sober tran- quillising discourses to which they have been accustomed." " Well, Elizabeth, my dear," was all that Mr. Rumford could say, " if Mr. Steele is to removed from the parish, it must be in a way that is neither harsh nor unjust. I will be no party to ruining the young man's prospeots. Why not let this church be built, as Knox and others wish to have it? You know they will never give time, labour, and money to raiBe a church for me. That I know perfeotly well. If they want a district church, why not let them have it ?" "Because," replied his wife, " they are act ing so ungratefully to you, who have been spending your strength among them for so many years. They now want something more sensational, and so they fling you aside and take up with this ranter, who, if he gets the new church, will split up the parish, and produce frightful schisms and divisions, suoh as can never be healed. Were he to continue to act merely as your curate, you could re move him when you found the peace of the parish required it ; but once make him in cumbent and he will be a thorn in your side for life." : The argument ended where it began. The vicar would not dismiss the curate without cause, and' . 'Major Knox and his party would not, proceed with the new ohurch unless Mr. Rumford'would consent that a district should be asBigned to in, and it be made independent of the parish church. Their perseverance Was i rewarded with success, and the necesaary funds having been obtained, the church went on the necessary forms to constitute it a district church were complied with ; it was completed, conseorated by the bishop with all l .u??a' accompaniments of a sermon by his ordBmp-— a collection, a collation, speech- wasing, drinking the bishop and new incum- bent's health, and congratulations all round , The next step, that of building a parsonage, was soon taken, for Mr. Steele's well-merited carried all before it ; and Mr. and Mrs. Steels and their three dear little children were soon established in their sweet home, their neat, unpretending, but most comfort able churoh full in view, and their Christian work lying all around them with no impedi ment apparently to its performance, and between 2,000 and 3,000 parishioners con gratulating themselves on having secured the services of so faithful, bo able, and so kind a pastor. So far all parties Beemed to be indulged in the fulfilment of their wishes ; the vicar en joyed a peace from his wife's growlingB and evil forebodings, which he had not known for the last three or four years — that is, during Mr. Steele's occupancy of the cure. She had got rid of her crowning grievance, the curate ; the curate had exchanged a life of perpetual conflict, care, and uncertainty, owing to the undisguised hostility of Mrs. Rumford and her friends, for one of peace, comfort and security. Major Knox, Captain Holding, Dr. Shaw, the Rev. Cecil Montague, Master of the Grammer School, and others associated with them, were, of course, jubilant in the success of their pet project — Christ Church was now finished and occupied, the parsonage ditto. The schools were in hand, and their beloved friend and minister, Mr. Steele, was the right man in the right place. Mary Rum ford, no longer a child, but approaching her sixteenth year, and already giving signs of that jjiety for which she was afterwards dis tinguished, and who when at home for her holidays'greatly enjoyed Mr. Steele's preaching, was rejoiced to find him settled in the neighbourhood ; and aB to Jane Hughes, her delight knew no bounds. Mr. Steele was her beau ideal of a minister ; his sermon on Sunday, she declared, set her up for the whole week, and she would have followed him to every service throughout the parish had her duties at the parsonage allowed her. Her .soul was filled with love, and her tongue with praise to her heavenly Father who had sent her Buch a pastor, and who contrary to her fears, had provided for his permanent location in Heathfield. There were some who did not feel quite satisfied with the arrangements. Chief of these, as was to be expected, was Mre. Rum ford, who viewed with much ohagrin the success of what was now beginning to be called the Evangelical Party — That is, those who rallied round Mr. Steele, and were natur ally exulting in a ministry from which they and their children could fiind benefit to their souls, which they now plainly asserted they could not do at the parish church, where the preaching, if anything, was high and dry, more calculated to lull to slumber than to awaken to conviction and inquiry. Another non-content was Saokville Rumford, who entirely shared his mother's dislike to Mr. Steele, on the score of both taste and doctrine. On both points he fonnd his Oxford notions rudely outraged by the ministrations of the Irish curate, and during his occasional visits to the parsonage he was not oareful to disguise his contempt and dislike. As he looked forward some day to be vicar of Heathfield, he viewed with considerable aversion the permanent settlement of Mr. Steele within the parish, and determined to show him as little countenance as possible. He could soaroely forgive his father for con senting to the new church, and especially to Mr. Steele's appointment as incumbent. It was evident, at each successive visit that Sackville paid to Heathfield, that he was becoming more and more enslaved by High Church notions, and that there was every proBpeotof his at last sitting in the Beat of the Ritualists. Miss Rumford had for some time left school and entered with full .enjoyment into county society, paying occasional visits to her distinguished relatives and friends in London, especially during " the season." For such society she was eminently fitted by nature and cultivation. She was undoubtedly a fine girl, tall and graceful, with a noble, intelleotual face, full of youthful vivacity, and not without a considerable share of womanly BoftnesB and sympathy. She was proud, indeed, but there was no frigidity in her pride. In her mother's there was ; but Mr. Rumford was hind, and his eldest daughter resembled him in that, while in her haughtiness, her slavishly refined taste, and impatience of control she reflected the character of her mother. Her numerous accomplishments elevated her at once to a high position in society, and she retained it as a matter of right. As she exhibited no particular interest in religious matters, the new churoh and its surroundings did not seem to concern her. She sometimes made fun of Mr. Steele behind his back for what she called his gaucheris, and attempted rather happy imitations of his action in the pulpit ; but there waB no malice in her fun ; it was that she saw nothing but the man, not under standing, nor caring to understand, his piety or his preaching. She just perceived that he was one of the people around her who did and said things which, from their contrast with the way in which she would have done or said them, awakened a sense of the ludicrous which she could not resist. If she complainod of Mr. Steele's sermons it was on the soor6 of want of polish and preparation, and some times their length. They lacked in her eyes intellectuality and refinement ; and she wished, she said, they were written com positions, and not extempore harangues : thus differing altogether from the multitude, with whom she could not sympathise, who delighted in his harangues, and would soon have left him alone with his written compo sitions. Of his doctrines she could only say ; . some of them she did not understand, and some she objected to as too exclusive. She would not believe, she declared, that God had a peouliar people, whom he made to differ from others around them. If there was a difference, it was what people made them selves — some by living good lives, and others by living bad ones. This showed what little impression Jane Hughes's teaching had made on her, for Jane believed and sought to impress upon her young charge that JesuB Christ in His teaching drew a very marked distinction between His chosen disoiples and " the world " from whioh He had taken them, and against which He continually warned them. God the Holy Ghost taught this to Mary Rumford, who had constantly in her mouth the words of Paul : " By the grace of God I am what I am ; " but then she was a true disciple of Jesus, and knew that she was " a brand plucked out of the fire." 