THE WESLEYAN CENTEHARY- JIALL. DEDICATORY SERVICES. The dedication of the now Wcslcjan Cen tenary hall, of which a description has already appeared in these columns, was marked yester day by two special religious services, at each of which there were large congregations. Tha initial service was held at 10 q-Nslock and was conducted by the Iter. Georgpj Laue, the presi dent of the conference. The dedicatory service was held in the evening, when a series of appro priate lessons and psalms, alternating with the singing of hymns and o'utboms, were read. The Rov. George D.unc delivered the opening sermon, taking toe his text. "The Spirit of the Lord is upon n\e because lie hath unnointcd me to preach tfie gospel to the poor." Ho said that they had met that eveuing to dedicate their ucw and beautiful hall to the worship of : God and the service of man. They dcsirea to do thU in tho name of tho Lord, by tbo aid of ! the Holy Spirit, aud in tho firm conviction that Christ's gospel was tho greatest ' boou to hnmanhy. Forty-four years ago their fore father, in Church work— and pnviloged nieui' hers, (or the most part of a generation now numbered with the dead, though somo few yet reinuiued — assembled ou that historic spot for a similar purpose. They then dedicated to God u costly aud beautiful Btructuro, and were favored with rich tokens of tbo Divino blessing of the presence of God the Holy Ghost. The preacher on the occasion to which ho referred was the venerable Walter Laurie, tue second of the pioneer missionaries ot their Church iu Australia, he having commenced his labors here as far back no ISIS, not quite three years after the arrival of liio first pioneer missionary, the erur-to-bo-rcnicinbered Samuel Lee. That first sanctuary — old York-street, U3 v.e were wont to call it — answered to a degree tho oublimo purposes for which it was erected, it was indeed tho scene of many a manifesta tion of divine graco and power, and was the home of many weary, struggling and troubled spirits. It was the trainiug- plaeo of uot a few earnest and zealous workers in religious matters, aud was a church for families, many ot whom were now on tbe other side of the river. Within the walls of that old sanctuary somo ot the foremost ministers of their belief preached the gospel of Christ and expounded His teachings. Within its walls wore foundered and fostered uot a few nocictics aud iustitutions whose sole aim was to ameliorate the condition of the fallen ones in this city and to extend to them a helping hand. Great church assemblies were likewise held within its sacred precincts, and such were its associations that it became endeared to all who frequented it, and waa regarded us the home ot' the Australian Wesley an Methodist family. Tha circumstauees of time, however, made" it inadequate for the uses for which the present building had heeu erected. Hence the work ot demolition bad to he carried out iu connection with the old building, and now ou that same spot they had erected that more spacious and more costly pile. Their traditions as a church forbade them to abandon that site. The great mission oi' Christianity, and the ex ample and commando of their Saviour, alike forbade them from abandoning that historic ground. And ro they had reared that stately pile of building to meet tho requirements of their bod'. Amidst tho groat and massive warehouses, iu that central part of tho cityV buaincBS life, they hnd resolved that there should be a bouse of God, a sanctuary devoted to His worship and "con structed for the service of man. Financial con siderations had had something to do with their change in this respect. The coniuercial wealth of the city and colony had made that site of extreme business value; but independent of this, they had monetary difficulties to surmount in conucctiou with tho older sanctuary, aud so they resolved to use the powers of commerce iu tbe caunc of Christ. As a means to anch tin end thoy had decided to abide there and work iu the iuterests of religion and for the masses arouud them, for tbe lost and fallen, tor tbe youug ntid tempted, for the oorrowful and afilictcd and, in short for all who were exposed to tho trials, tho dangers aud the Bur.res of life. Their aspi rations und intercessions went in that direction and he trusted that the temple they lmd,j:aixed would prove a greator blessing iu the second ceutary of the colony's history tbau it had proved iu the second half of tho first. A collection was subsequently taken up and a goodly sum was subscribed towards liquidat ing tho expenditure incurred. 