THE DEVIL'S DIE. !. f } {cOSTmVED ^OIt OpB CHAPTER N. [By The next morning was a glorious: English August day, calm and clear, -with bright blue sky and glassy sea; and Harry Chichele took Mohammad Ali out for a walk along the beautiful water-worn cliffs of Polperran. The two young men had been students together at the Middlesex H&spi<y^heWJBAtry Ciuchefo was employed as junior house physicah. Some months had -passed, however, since they had last met, and Mohammad AH, at the end of his medical course in London, had gone out to spend the winter in India, >pn a visit to his parents, and had only just returned to England, bringing with him an 'appropriate preseit for his old fellow-student, in the shape -of the Begum. For Harry Chichele was allowed to be the greatest rising authority in England on germs of poisons, and he was just then engaged on a series of minute researches into tine bite;, of a common Eng' r sh viper as compared Witt that of various other venomous snakes and poisonous rep tiles. It was tbe vipers, in fact, that had brought, him for his summer holiday to Clornwall; for the wild heathercovered moors that surround Polperran on every side supply the very spots where the sun-loving adders delight to bask, and the lizards to bathe themselves in 4 he broad sunshine on the sandy banks and open patches. "The sea looks magnificent this morning," Harry Chichele said, as they reached the summit of a jagged and pinnacled granite crag, that jutted out boldly into the deep emerald-green bay below. " What a lovely purple on the horizon, and what a perfect calm over the whole Channel. Not a ripple breaks the surface anywhere; Not a breath of wind dimples its cheek ! I love to see it, vast and illimitable and silent like that! Some people say the sea is always so changeable. For my part, Ali, it's rather the grand monotony and infinity of the ocean that makes it most sublime and beautiful to me." " Ugh, don't speak of it, my dear > boy," Mohammad Ali cried, with a: sudden shudder. " If you had been tossed about helpless upon the bosom of Biscay, as I've been for the last ten days or so, you'd never want to rhapsodize again about the sea as long as you live, I can tell you. Monotonous, indeed! I wish it was monotonous ! It's the want of repose about it that I object to. Heaving and plunging aud raving and dashing all the time, as if the human digestion was a castiron boiler, and the human nerves were entirely composed of brazen fibres. No, no, I want no more of the s^, thank you. That's a pretty sightthat schooner over' yonder, under full sail. Hand me your field-glass : I'd like to have a good look at her." " A lovely morning," llarry Chichele went on musingly. " So still aud breathless. Glorious weather for a rousing epidemic. How the conqueror germ would float and fatten on the stagnant air! How he'd spread aud revel in this basking sunshine ! What splendid chances one would have to watch the growth and development of a good popular plague, wouldn't one 1" Mohammad Ali levelled the glass and swept the horizon rapidly for a moment; then he said, in a quieter and more subdued voice, " There's a yacht over yonder I don't quite understand. She's only got a single sail spread. Everything else in sight is under all canvas. There's hardiy a breath of air stirring. Why on earth should she have no more canvas on ?" Harry Chichele took the glasses as Ali handed them, and looked intently at the shodowy yacht upon the dim horizon. " By George !" he murmured, "it's certainly curious. She hardly seems to be moving at all. And she's got her sail set most oddly. I don't understand what the dickens she's driving at. There seems to be something or other wrong about; her Mohammad Ali raised the glasses to his eyes once more. " She gives one' a creepy feeling, anyhow," he said scanning her close. " The rigging looks all so bare and skeleton-like. I can make her out a great deal better now. She isn't drifting. She's not a derelict. There's a man at the tiller; a single man. I don't see anybody else on board. Let's go and have a look at her with the coastguard's telescope. I, feel convinced there's something serious the matter." The coastguard on the summit of the neighboring peak was sweeping the sea. idly with his. glass, . and ..evidently had not yet noticed this particular very suspicious-looking yacht, away to westward. As soon as Mohammad AJi called Ms attention to ber, however, he gave a sudden low whistle, and gazed at her long .and curiously through his small pocket telescope. " There's something up," he exclaimed at once. " She ain't lost any of her masts or sails, thaf s clear. They're all reefed up quite regular and proper, an3 everything ship-shape as you'd wish to see it. But she's got the jT^mmiest-looking sail set I ever clapped ejjes oil, and there's only one - man visible anywhere aboard of her. Yacht o' that size and tonnage, I take it, ought to have ^t, least three of a watch to manage her. He's single-handed, that's where it is. I can make him out now* He's holding the tiller and keeping a tight, hand on the sheet at the sanie time. '.-Seems as if 'he-- was master and male and cabin-boy, all rolled into one. She ain't flying no distress signals neither: that's odd. But there's a red handkerchief flapping on the sheet—looks as if it was meant to attract attention." world about the iiffl^lpjitagiB; " — * the 6thi tied to the sheet, as you saV, and he gives it a shake now and #gain on pur pose toHe•*tooiicedlL..'to signal tus—I'm sure of that. Ha,~qow he's waving " at handkerchief in his making'signs to us/*" " Better ^go Jljack to Polperran at once," Mohammad Mi suggested hastily, "and put out aIjoafc tocee what's the matter." They walked back"at their best speed to the Utile cove—a bay of white sand, hammed in on every, .side by granite cliffs—and hired; i row-boat' from a man on the beach. Two stalwart fishermen manned the boat for them, and took the oars. Harry Chichele and Ali leaned back in the stern, and kept their eyes fixed cn the yacht with ber one sail making slowly but steadily across the water towards them. The men rowed hard, and the yacht sailed sluggishly on before the faint and almost imperceptible breeze until they had got nearly within hailing distance. Mohammad Ali held the field glass in his hand. "There's onlyimc man, sure enough," he said in a grave voice, eyeing him closely, " and even he seems scarcely fit to work a He's ghastly pale, a jd very feeble-looking. He totters about when he moves on the deck. It's about the most mysterious ship I ever saw. Never a sign of life about her. She looks, somehow, like a plague- strickeu city." "Perhaps," Harry said, "the owner's 4 - trying to navigate her alone. You know people wi ~ go in for these foolhardy adventures." They drew closer, and saw the yacht, with all her sails, save that one triangular piece of canvas, furled and reefed on the yards in due order—a bare hull, drifting slowly, slowly, slowly on before the breathless and motionless air of August. Nothing but. the current was bearing her along. The ]*ot sun poured down from overhead. No breeze or quiver shook the silent saiL A sultry stillness held the cloudless expanse of heaven. Not a sound or a movement came from the yacht. The water hardly sheered off from her bows as she glided imperceptibly on. She seemed to slacken even as they approached, and to lie idle at last in perfect inaction upon the calin surface of that unruffled aea. "I can make out her name," Mohammad Ali mused aloud. " The Seamen;, of London. A pretty little craft, but deathly still. There must be some curious mystery about her." Mutiny, perhaps," one of the fishermen suggested, leaning upon his oar. " Crew may have gone off aud left her on the high seas ; or deserted, might be, in the last port touched at." " It certainly looks uncanny," Harry Chichele answered, with languid curiosity. " So much the better. I love an adventure. And this one has an element of the supernatural hanging about it vaguely, somehow. As he spoke, Mohammad Ali laid down the field glass with a cry of sur- -! prise. " The mans man's ill," he cried deadly ill. He looks almost as if he were dying. He can hardly hold himself up on the deck. Pull alongside, quick, will you? There, that'll do. Seamew, ahoy ! ahoj r ! ahoy, there !" The one occupant of the deserted yacht flung up his hands with a wild shout, and let go at once both sheet and tiller. " Ahoy! ahoy! ahoy !" he answered, in a hollow voice, with convulsive eagerness. " What's up?" Mohammad Ali shouted, between his hands "Hold off," the stranger hailed back, in a terrible tone of tremulous warning, his hands held open deprecatingly before him. " Cholera! cholera!" At the sound of that awful and dreaded word, the two fishermen dropped their hands at once, as if by magic, and let the boat float idly of herself upon the glassy water. "The Lord preserve us !" one of them murmured, with sudden horror. "Stop where you are • Net another stroke! We can't go near her ! We musn't go near her!" " Go on <" Mohammad Ali cried in atone of command. "The man's dying. We can't stop here. If you don't go on, you'll be too late to save him." "]Nbt another stroke," the first fisherman answered doggedly. "You're a coward," the Indian cried, seizing the oar, with a sudden buret of fiery indignation, and showing his pearlwhite teeth like a dog in the heat of his anger. "Come along, Harry. Take the oars from them, quick, wilL you. We must pull alongside and help this poor lEelldw. * Ooward, Tsay! Cowards, both of you 1 I never knew before that seafaring men could be so cowardly." "Fm not afraid of the worst storm that ever blew out of God's heaven," the fisherman answered, holding tight to his oar and disputing its possession; "but hang me if Fm ever going for you or for no wan to bring the cholera home to Polperran." Mohammad Ali glanced at him hard with uncon.cea'ed scorn. " My friend," he said, " we are two doctors. We're no more afraid of the cholera, we two, than you're afraid of a bit of a light son'-wester. Is this the bravery you .Englishmen boast of! In the country I come from, tbe cholera walks abroad unseen in the streets, by day and by night, all the year round, lil;e a ghost in a graveyard, and no man fears it any more than you'd fear a cupful of wind here on the Channel. What would you do if we doctors were to shirk danger as you do ? If s our work and our duty to face the cholera, and get the better of it, as it's your work and duty to face and outlive the very fiercest hurricane that ever rode on the angry Atlantic. <»uree,it's your bus ; jiess. . But me aSa so tiiatrs flat, and you may as jweUyjbe; 1 He spoke Srmly, with the dogged strongin jhis ^imsj an|j .mgfg^g and Mohammad Ali feit .at once it was no use par3eyingftxrtherwith-hiin.;r> as< lightning, <he«muous youug ?Eni stood jip ; itbe stem and shouted 1 bribe more to iihe 'ftgaSeifn^the How many on board ?" he . cried, : with a loud'cry, 1 -*' * 1 : 1 ? c r .. ' ~ • ''" Only bne more," the stranger answered with a terrible eSbrjs^' " And he's djing." :>.<• -; '"Whereto- <• - .«<« "On deck here." , -."And the rest?",, ;M •'All dead. Owner and eight hands of them. Cholera broke out on board the third day oiitfroiin Sarittod^. . ^Tve navigated the yacht myself alonesmpe yesterday morning. Send out a doctor as quick as you' caii "to ^save tbe boy ... Tp.BE CK>NTIKUE»: ' 