DEAD MAPFS ROCK. A ROMANCE. BT Q. [The Telegraph Newspaper .Company, Limited, havo secured ull tho Queensland rights for thia work, the copyright of which belongs to Messrs. Cnssell ana Company, Limited.] , BOOK II. THE FINDING OF~THE GREAT RUBY. Chapter IX. — (Continued.) '? 1 They had not heard, for I could still catch tlio murmur of their voices. Tho oreak of the jibboom and the swish of my own boat bo neatli hud frightened me at first. It soomed impossible that it should not disturb thom. But after a moment my courage roturned, and I pulled myself tip on the bowsprit, and lying almost at full length along it, for fear of being spied, crawleel slowly along, and dropped noiselessly on to tho deck. They were standing together by tho mizzen mast, ho with his back turned full towards me. she less entirely averted, so that I could see a part of her face in tho moonlight, and the silvery gleam of her gray hair. Yos, it wa» they, surely enough ; and. they hnd not Been me. My revenge, long waited for, was in my grasp at last. Suddenly, as I stoed there watching thom, I remembered my knife — tho blade which had slain my father. I had loft it below — fool that I was — iu the tin box. Could I oreep baok again, and return without attraoting their attention ? Should I hazard tho attompt for the sake t-f planting thut pioco of Bteel ia Simon Colliver'a black heart? It was a foolish thought, hut my whole soul ?waa set upon murder now, and the ohanco of . slaying him with tho very knifo left in my father's wound seemed too dear to be lightly given up. Most likely ho was armed now, whilst I had no woapon but the naked hand. x uiu nut hiihk oi tuis. it novor even occurred lo niC tllllt ll9 .'Would defend liLmsolf. Still, the thought of thut, JsniKe was sweet by me ns I crouched there beneatli vile} shadow of the bulwarks. Should I go or not ? I paused , for n moment, undecided; then rose slowly erect. As I did eo Mrs. Luttrell turned for au in- ? stimt and saw me. As I stood there, bareheaded, with tho moon light shining full upon my white shirt-sleeves,! muit have seemed a veiy ghost ; for a look of atjcct terror swept acroBs her face ; her voioa broke off and both her hands were flung up for mcrcy — 'Oh, God! Look! look!' As I rushed forward ho turned, and then, with tho spring of a wild oat, was upon mo. Evea as he leapt, my foot slipped upon the greasy deck ; I staggered backward one stop — ? ' two steps— and then fell with a crash down the unguarded forccabtle ladder. Chapteb X. Tells in What Maxnee I Luarnt the Seobbi op the jp.eat Key. As mj; senses came gradually, back I could distinsuish a narrow, dingy cabin, dimly lit by one flickering oil-lamp winch swung from a rafter above. Its faint ray just revealed the furnitnre of the room, which consisted of a seaman's chest standing in the middle, and twe- gaunt stools. On ono of these I was seated, propped against tho cabin wall, or rather par tition, and as I attempted to move I learnt that I was bound hand and font. On the other stool opposite mo and beside the chest, sat Simon Colliver, silently eyeing mo. Tho lamplight aa it flared and wavered cast grotesque and dancing shadows of tho man upon tho waE behind, made of his mattod hair black eaves under whioh his eyes gleamed red aa fire, and glinted lastly upon something bright lying on the oliest beforo him. 'Fnr A rnintl+A nr fin nvna -fivaf An anai4 no word was said. Still dizzy with my fall, I stared for a moment at tho man, then at the chest, and saw that tho bright objoets gleam ing thore were my grandfather's key and wutch-ehain, at the end of which hung the Golden Clasp. But now the clasp was fitted to its fellow and the wholo buckle lay united upon the board. Though tho bonds around my arms, wrists, and ankles caused me intolerable paiu, yet my first feeling was rather of abject humiliation. To be c uught thus easily, to bo lying here like any rut in a gin ! this was the agonising thought. Nor was this all. There on the chest lay tlio Golden Clasp united at last — tho work completed which was begun with the un holy massacre on board the Belle Fortune. I had played straight into Colliver'a hand. Ho wus in no hurry, but sat and watohod . me there with those intolerably evil eyes. His left hand was thruBt carelessly into his pooket, and as he tilted baok upon tho stool and sar veyed me, his right was playing with tho clasp upon the chest. Aa I painfully turned my head a drop of blood camo trickling down into my eyes from a out iu my forehead. I saw, however, that the door was bolted. An empty bottle and a plate of broken viotuals lay care lessly thrust in a corner, and a villainous smell from the lamp filled the whole room and almost choked me ; but tho only sound in the dead stillness of tho place was tho monotonous tick ing of my watch as it lay upon tlio ohest. How long I had lain thero I could not guess, but I noticed that the door slanted muoh less than when I first scrambled on deck, so guessed that tho tide must have risen considerably. Then, having exhausted my wonder, I looked aguin at Coliiver, and began to speculate how he would kill me, and how long he would take about it. I found his wolfish eyes regarding mo, and for a minuto or two we studied cueh other iu silence. , Then without removing his gaze jhe lilted his stool forward, slowly drew a short, heavy knife from his' waistband, slipped it out of his slieath— still without tuking his left hand from his pooket— laid it on the table and leant back again. ' I supp0B0,' ho said at last, and very de libentely, as if chewing his words, 'you know that if you attempt to cry out or summon help, you ore a dead man thut instant.' , ' Well, well,' ho continued, after waiting a moment for my reply, ' as long as you under stand that, it does not matter. I confess I should have preferred to talk with you, and not merely to you., Howover, before I kill you— and I suppose you guess that I am going to kill you as soon as I've dono with you— I wish' to have just a word, MaBter Jaspor Trenoweth.' ' From the tone in' which'he said the words ha ' might have been congi n'ulating i,ie on some great'jxod fortune. He paused awhile, as if to allow the full force of thom to. sink in, and then took up tho Golden Clasp. Holding tho Jin-res togerner wnn mo lorennger ana thumb of his right hand, he advanced and thrust it right under my sight — 'Do you see that? Can you read it ?' ? As I was still mute, he walked back to the cliest and laid the clasp down again. 'Aha!' he exolaimel, with a short laugh, horrible to hear, 'you won't speak. But thore bsve keen timeB, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when ? you would have given your soul to lay hands upon this piece of gold and read what is written upon it. It is a pity your hands aro tied— a thousand pities. But I do not wiBh to be hard on you, and so I don't mind reading out what is written here. The secret will be , safe with you, don't you see. ? Quite— safo — with — you.' J He rolled out tlieee lost words, ono by one, with infinite relish; and the mockery in the depths of those eyes seared me far more than ? ' ' my fcond». After watohing the effect of his A f ( taunt he resumed his seat upon the stool, ; ' pulled the olasp towards him, and Baid — '? -j 'People might call mo rasli for entrusting . these confidences to you. But I do not mind admitting that I owe you some reparation— some anterior reparation. So, aa I don't wish you to die cursing mo, I will be generous. Listen !' Ho held the buokle down upon the table and . t:. ? read out- tho iuBoription, as follows BTAItT . AT .FULL .MOON . BMn . SOUTIT. t V rorxT . 27 . feet . n.n.w. . 22 , . feet. . w. .OF . MHO' . NOBTII . aims . 4. FEET .6 .INCHES. DEEP . AT .FOIST. OF . MEETIUQ. LOW ' .'SVATKIV . ljj , HOURS. He read it' through twice very Blowfly, and 1 .... Mi h each time as he ceased looked up to see how I. : ? .-w took It. I.'-': ' ' -i. . ' ? {To be eontinuti.) . „Aif .interesting relio of Burns' fotohed ' i guineaB at an auction in London. It, oouslated. '? i of the tianscriijt in BjuWs own handwriting/ \ of ? soveral of his pooiha. -. 