POLITICAL AliDJOCIAL LETTER. (WRITTEN SPECIALLY FOB "THE EXAMINER.") Appointment of Governors. THE business in the Legislative Assembly on "Wed- nesday evening consisted in a prolonged debate on the résolutions of Sir HENRY PARKES concerning the appointment of future Governors. The PBE MIKR was not in good form, and therefore his speech in moving the resolutions was not so suc- cessful as many of his previous efforts, and cer- tainly it did not fulfil the expectations that were formed concerning it. To the surprise of many people, Mr. DIBBS seconded Sir HENBV'S motion. They were surprised because not long ago the leader of the Opposition was a thorough-going Imperialist, and had no disposition to interfere with the then prerogatives of the mother country with respect to Australia. It may be sup- posed that he has seen the necessity of advancing, and of abandoning some of his old opinions. lu his speech he even went so far as to say that the separation of the colonies from Great Britain was an event which was bound to take place in the near future. Should he continue to express him- self in that way no C.M.G. ships will be thrown in his way, and the Imperial authorities will regard him with stern disapprobation. As a matter of course, Mr. DAVID BUCHANAN took a conspicuous part in the debate, and as usual he succeeded in making himself ridiculous. If a wrong thing can be done by hook or by crook-I am speaking of political tactics-Mr. BUCHANAN is the man to do it. He moved an amendment in favour of almost immediate separation. He knew that there was not the ghost of a chance of its being carried, nevertheless he insisted on its being put. He claimed that it was right and just that it should be put. Everything that DAVID does is right and just in his own estimation ; not only so, it is also of transcendent importance, and therefore he in- sists on every creation of his intellect being given due prominence. Dnring his speech Mr. BUCHANAN quoted from a work which he said had been printed many years ago; in compliance with a request he handed over the work to a member, when it was discovered that the author of the work was Mr. BUCHANAN himself. This equals Sir HENEY PARKES' performance at St. Leonards recently, when he quoted from a volume of his own poems. Mr. THOMAS "WALKER seconded Mr. BUCHANAN'S amendment, and he and the mover were the only two who voted for it. The resolu lutions of Sir HENRY PARKES will not be regarded with favour by the home authorities ; but it is un- likely they will attempt the experiment of ignoring them. 