3----.. o ~eliot. A GREAT WRONG, Oil, THE 11Z1STlIfRY OF BLJAGi JIOLLO II GRANG E. •-- c--- , BY EMMMA GARRISON JONES, AOuhor of "A .errible Crimte," "A Sounh ern IRrcess," " Ruby," " The 'lissrug ' Brie," e/, ·---4 --~- OIIAPTERI XX.X CLOTILDE'B CONFESSION, The morning appoilnted for the execution of the murderer of Arthur Trovethon lad arrived. rhoe whole story of his crime had been told, and the true Sir leoffrey, the man whoseo nanm and lheritage lie had so long usunrped, aind been found, and brought face to face with the miserable criminal In his calol. The two stool eye to eye-Kilg Lear and the man who had so long borne his name. A fash of returning memory brightened the old man's eye. "I know him ; I remember him," lie said. " llis name Is Andrew Iruce. I gave my thlld into his keeping. What has he done with himnt ?" "1 murdered him," answered the felon, gnashing his teeth and rattling his chains " as I would murder you now, it I could get at your throat." There was no doubt of the old man's identity. It there was, the evidence of Lord Harry Itothwell cleared it all away. "Slr Geoffrey and myself were college chums," he sald, "aworn friends and allies. If you want a test, I can give you one. lMy old friend, Geoffrey, hall a curious mark oa his arm-a little scar, precisely In the form of a triangle." King Lear laughed his cheery lnugh, and pushed ul tilhe sleeve of his right arm. Swhatn sharpfellow hiothwell is ;he al. ways was," lie said. "Now I had quite for. gotten that little mark, but there It is, gentlemen." So the case was settled to overy one's satisfaction, and after years of exile, the heir of Trevethatn was restored to his rightful heritage. In company with Mnlss Trevethon, .Is niece, he took up his abode at the ancestral mansion, Lynditi H(all, And on this cheerless winter morning, the execution was to take place. Ii pIunish. meat of his crimne, Andrew lrunco was to suffer the extretme penalty of the law. Iut he reulained unrepoentant to the last, refta. Ing to see a clurgymani or to make the least preparations for eternity. lIondon was all excitement that winter morning, anil crowds of eager spectators trooped itn the direction of the spot, where the tragic deed was to be don-. The erlisnal was a famous one, and every detail ol the preliminary proceedlngs was carried out with oflluial deieorim. The royal troops were in attellndance; the officers eil. toted the prison to bring lorth their victlim they went tramping into the dark cell, and found not the criminal they explected to see, but a woman. A ghost they at first eight bulleroved her to be, andt recoiled in atnnzedt horror. A blood. less, aged creature crouhling on the pallet of straw, ier hollow eyes glittering in the gloom like lurid fire. "Your victim has escaped, and I am here In his stead," she saidl, spuakilng in hollow tones, while they stood stunned and ilott., "Gold can work wonlders, nd I Iad gold. Hang meu in ble stead, if you will, but first bring a clergyman to hear my con. fession." The clergyman camne, and with the sacred cruellox before her eyes, the wretche.l crea. ture wetlt on: "lie was my husband, Andrew Bruce, the manl wholt has so long usurpled Sir Geoffrey Trevethnll's name aniit title, and his son was my child, not Itluchmond Truvethou. For long years I -have knlown the secret, and Shave held tmy peaer 110 madet me swear by .the bleosed crulcfix never to betray him, anitl 'woll have I kept tmy oath , but I must break it.low. My sline lieuavry on my soul, and Il am dylig. And there, crouching down. In the prison cell, while the dreary morning waned with out and the impatlent crowd walted, sie made her confesslon detallitg all the strange story of crime and sin whicb she had known so lonig. lie wasn my husband," she sail, In con. elusion, " and I have saved himn romn the death he so richly merited. Lot him go, 81r Geollroy Trevethon is restored to his rights. Heaven saved him from the sea an I tront death by a miraclo. I have known tho truth all these years. Hils body was cast aishoreon the French coast, and he was restored to lifo; but his mind was gone I he had neither yeiabs nor meinory, lie was cared for by some humane soolety, and sent with many others to nu English mad-hlouse. All the par tloulars of the stratngo affair were told to me Sone Who know, and you Ilmay rely on them. ueavin has restored Sir Ueoffrey to his owp, adO yot coan afford to let mty wretchel hbus. band go." "i And Sir Ouoffrey'seso, ltichmondl hare you hoard Iothing of hint since you loft him that IlIghut itI the banksof the LorlUe " nnked one of her hearens. "Yes, I foutitld hm agaI in the cottage of a poeasnt woman I Sle hald foundll him, alit restored hli to life, but he wan like his father left without ,trnmory .if the Iant. That blow oiln hl tullmlu had injrt.d his brain, and his mindi wits Iat blhlk. 'Th'l peIla ant womlllin could notIt kueep hit t, llt I t)oolk hin with mo, tIIIe llllllh Io hide hire (rumll All. drow, in the great city of Irllulnrt ", nvery day of my arrlval, whitll I was alm (t beside myself lest Aintlriw vhtould find that the IInl lived, I fell in with it otmintry wmlllntl. She was aitting olt the stlle of a cuhttroel, nult weepihg lit to break hetr hIart. I alppronehed hotr tt hitluiti the cattan, for mily uwn Islistry was so gresat I seellled to pty ail Ihullsman oi[i lcrleg, 8eing thue child at my aide, she uttcrodla plonolng cry " Oh, obe loks so omuoh Iko my boy, thought h had come back from the grave, she said, coming close to me, and sobbing piteously. pI1 pitied her, and asked her to tell me her story. Her husband had gone off to sea, to be gone for years, and she, having accompanied him as far as-London, was returning home with her son. But the lad had strayed out into the streets, and a runaway horse had knocked him down, and trampled on him, killing him instantly. " 'lie's dead and they've hurried him,'shbe continued, wringing her hands, my pretty boy, and his father's last words were, ' Take good care o' the lad; If harm befall him, I'll no'er come home to you again while I live.' 'And he's dead now, dead and buried, and how shall I ever face his father?' "A thought flashed into my mind, I wanted to be rid of the poor lad whose life I had saved. I know if Andrew ever found out that he lived, he would murder us both; so tt struck me that I would give the lad to this woman whose son was dead. I made the proposal to her, explaining that the lad was friendless, and had been injured by a hurt.-" Shlle paused,her breath gone, her faco livid. They administered restoratives, and she re covered. " In her terrible trouble the poorcreature jumped at mn proposal," she went on; " the lad was lik9 her dead son, and she would take hini, atd train him up to look upon her as his mother, an easy enough thing to do, sines his mind was like an infant's. Well, she took him,and-" She paused again, a deeper pallor on her face, a hoarse rattle in her thrant. Once more the restoratives were admiunttered;but this time w!thout effect. She signed for the crucifix, pressed it to her Ips, drew a long, convulsive breath, and fell back upon the strawdead, her story left un. finished. P'oor, erring, fond Olotlde ; her life of martyrdom was ended at last. A week later; one stormy morning, the current of a swollen river washed the body of a iman ashore, • and when the affair was investigated It turned out to be the body of the felon, Andrew lruco. Escaping from a fate he deserved, he had met his death. '! Vengeance 'Is mine," salth the Lord ." 1 will repay " (To br Continued.) 