LITERATURE. MISCELLANEOUS REVIEWS. | A Short History op Russia, by J. A. Sbearwood. Reeves & Turner, London. Although this little volume has no literary merit to recommend it, and professes to be nothing else than an abbreviation of more extended histories •of Russia, the information it gives is valuable, and is presented in a very zeadable form. The writer does not trouble himself with dedications; he confines himself to bold narrative. Beginning with the Sclavonic origin of the tribes composing the Empire of Jtussia he traces the varying fortunes of the Russian people down to modern times. The compendious nature of the record brings into bold relief the aggres sive character of Russia. Territory after territory has been absorbed, her stealthy movements outward keeping pace with her false undertakings to ge no further, hut to be content with paBt acquisitions. The history of Russia is altogether a very striking one, and those not familiar with It will find a field of interesting informa tion in the little book which Mr. Shear wood has oompiled. English History from Contemporary Writers.—Strongbow's Conquest of Ireland, 1166 1188. Edited by J. P. Barnard, M. A. David Nott, London. This is not so much a consecutive history of the firat conquest by England of the Emerald Isle as it is a collection of translations of original documents bearing upon that momentous event. Some of the chronicles now published have not before appeared in print, others are familiar only to antiquaries, and the whole forms a collection of ohronloles of the twelfth century which la full of interest. Very quaint are some of these records, whioh giro a singular insight into the modes of thought, manner of living, methods of lighting, and state of society in thoBB stirring times. The little volume is not a echoolbook in the common meaning of the term, but children aB well as those of .snore mature years can team muoh from its pages. There is a number of well executed illustrations, whioh present a true picture of sights to be seen in the days to which the book refers. There is also a copious appendix, in whioh are to be. found the names of'many of the leading actors in the political and military drama of the period. The little volume is cheaply but tastefully got up, and should command a ready sale among Englishmen who take an interest in the earlier annals of their country. JFoun Ghost Stoeies. Ey Mrs. Moles worth. Macmillan & Go., London. These are not storieB of the horrible, Hood and thunder, hair-raising order, but they are none the less impressive on that account, for the reader has a feel ing that the Btraoge ghoBtly incidents which are related are not so wildly im probable that they could by no possibility' have happened. The apparitions which are described are for the most part gentle and well behaved; but even the best mannered ghost is a fearsome thing, and the man, woman, or child who could in solitude at the dead of night read these narratives without having the imagination excited to a painfnl extent is entitled to claim that his or her nerves are thoroughly under control. The stories are well, even graphically, told, and the expectancy of the sensitive reader is pleasantly stimu lated by a pale female figure in gossamer robes dimly outlined on the cover of the book. Phosphor : An Ischian Mystery. By J. Filmore Sherry. Centennial Publishing Company, Melbourne, &c.; Even lovers of the marvellous whose appetite has been cloyed by . frequent doees of the thrilling and the super natural will find some relish in the con tents of this little volume. It is crowded with incident, and although it deals with the old subject of the missing link oan claim the credit of novelty. There are in it some suggestions of "Erewhon," but the resemblances are faint, and do not effect the leading features of a very strange tale. The writer affects to relate the experiences of a young doctor, who, after being bereft by death of all whom he held dear, betook himself to the morbid employment of studying serpents and seeking an antidote against their poison. He suoceeded in his queBt, and had the oourage to try the remedy upon himself. It did not fail him; but it worked so gradually that he had been many hours in the tomb before he was able to bring his muBoles to the aid of the mental consciousness which never forsook him. How he contrived to free himself from the charnel-house, and what adventures befell him in the sub terraneous caverns into which fate led him are all graphically told in this remarkable narrative. 'Whether there is really a region in the bowels of the earth where the grotesque creatures with which he became familiar live and devour fungi and emit light it is not for us to say; but Mr. Sherry's account of them is so detailed and realistic that the reader will find a difficulty in shaking himself free from a conviction that there is truth in the tale. 