SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM HOME. (FROM A LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, Jan. 27. The most curious phenomenon of the day is the gigantic revival of boxing The world in general first became aware of it upon the arrival of J. L Sullivan in England It received an immense impetus from the meeting between him and the Prince of Wales of which a mendacious and characteristic account was republished here from the Chicago Tribune. I was talking the other night to an ex-president of the " Amateur Boxing Association,' a man who has been liked everything in the world, including his personal beauty, to the noble art of self defence I asked him why he did not go to the spurring at the Pelican Club on Sunday nights he said, " Well, when Sunday comes round I'm glad to have a respite from boxing, and do something else Vie members of the Amateur Boxing Association are bound to go and judge sparing,' whenever required to do so in any part of London or the suburbs formerly, my turn came about once a fortnight but since the Sullivan Wales interview I have to go three, four, and five nights a week, and sit for hours in a seeking public-house drinking poisonous brandy. We calculate that on Saturday nights there are 1,500 men engaged in public starting in and around London, are nearly DOO centres - implying audiences of perhaps 100,000 people He went on to tell me that as yet there was no more " knuckle fighting' than before the revival-the only reason for its not increasing being the disinclination of the prominent men to take their chance of blood and bruises, but there was a growing thirst for such fighting among the spectators, and as soon as some of the more talented novices had made a sufficient name, he thought that there would be a recrudescence of regular prize lighting, which the police would find them selves unable to repress, for the boxing world, like all other sections of society, is taking note of and learning to relish what are called "Irish methods" that is, methods of doing what one pleases in spite of law and its salaried guardians. They say that we are becoming an effeminate race, but an enemy note race often enjoys being brutal by deputy. One thing is certain, that the devotees of the ring will not long tolerate the men at the head of the calling, whose disinclination to the use of the knuckles, and obvious anxiety to subordinate everything to gate money and "testimonials," is becoming almost farcical. The recent prize light near Rouen is held to have been a "barney," and the way in which Sullivan is raising difficulties in committing himself to a real light for the championship is rapidly alienating public feeling from him Hitherto, for a few men in the front rank, the profession of prize fighter, albeit they scarcely ever had fought, has been a profitable one. Mr. "Pony" Moore, the wealthy head of the Moore and Burgess Minstrels, who is very particular what husbands his daughters marry, even condescended to give one of them in marriage to a pugilist named Mitchell. Mr Henry Labouchere, has been very near giving up the ghost owing to an attack of poor man's gout," which nearly touched his heart. The result is one for which all the world would have been sorry, irrespective of political or other sympathies His wit, it is true, is a little out of the fashion Like (Hitherto it is too mocking and "democrat Gilbert's, it is too mocking and "democrat ing for the mood of to day Still, his stones are told with a piquancy and finish which other Raconteur cannot quite equal A characteristic story of his, which is redeemed from jarring on modern taste only by the way it is told, relates to his own unique appearance in the field of Christian missions Being on one c ceasion somewhere in the Holy Land in a diplomatic capacity, he invited a neighbouring missionary of some London societ dinner, and by way of making conversation asked him, "How's a business?" The missionary answered de- jectedly that it was bad. He was paid by results, and literally the recent results had not been enough to give him food to eat a statement which Mr Labouchere was a chance to believe from the manner in which he was bolting cartloads of food "I pitied the fellow, says Mr Labouchere, and next day I asked my dragoman whether there was no way in which these heathen could be in duced to embrace Christianity " " Certainly there is a way, air," answered the dragoman. 'What is that?" "A bottle of brandy among four. " "I bought all the brandy in the place, about one hundred bottles, continues Mr. Labouchere, "and paraded as many of the natives as I had brandy for, dividing them into messes of four, and then bade them choose between the faith of their fathers and the brandy. In the afternoon my friend the missionary performed four hundred baptisms I thought no more of the affair for some years, when one day I met my friend the missionary—not the dragoman in a shovel hat, gaiters, and an apron. He had evidently dined well every day since the day of those baptisms. He told me they had made him a bishop as a reward for his success. I forget which was his diocese." Mr. Labouchere! gout is due not to the excesses which ordinarily bring on gout, but to want of nourishment, coupled with unceasing exertions, including long railway journeys undertaken almost daily, followed by exhausting oratory. He suffers, like other geniuses, hourly tortures from dye- pepsia, never tastes wine, and resorts for relief to every well advertised quack me??, warranted to sustain nature without the in- conveniences of the digestive process. When he was starting for Ireland last autumn Miss Fortescue said to him, "Labby, if Mr. Balfour puts you in gaol, what shall you do?" "I shall enter the infirmary," was the reply. Mr Labouchere has been only pulled through his illness by the untiring exertions of the sensational physician of the hour, Dr. Robson Roose, who thus completes the political circle of his patients. Professing himself a "political agnostic," he makes it his ambition to get into his care the health of every politician of the day. Sir Andrew Clarke still jealously guard the health of Mr Gladstone as a weary Tory observed, "It a a race of Clarke against, the Constitu- tion but apart from the G. O. M., Dr. Robson Roose has now the enjoyment or the reversion of the guardianship of every prominent statesman's health. Its use has been the most extraordinary of modern times. Ten years ago a mere general practitioner in a back street of Brighton, he now enjoys a practice which Abernethy might have envied, and which is generally estimated at not less than £15,000 a year-all this success being attained in the teeth of the medical profession, and without having ever done an hours teaching at any seat of medical learning The other doctors hate him so much that there is no crime which they do not attribute to him but the acclamations of the fashionable world carry him forward shoulder high on the path of triumph. His Success has all arisen through being accidentally introduced to relieve Edmund Yates of some passing ailment. The event of the hour in the ecclesiastical world is the unveiling of a vast and costly reredos of the renaissance style in St Paul's Cathedral Provided by the munificence of Mr R. H Gibbs and other wealthy Anglicans, it has, on being unveiled, surpassed all expectations, not only in its wealth of material and design, but in the audaciously " catholic character of its sculpture, including not only a nativity, crucifixion, entombment, and resurrection, but three or four prominent Single figures of her whom the Church Times calls the " B V M " The question is, a hat will the Low Church party do' and this branches out into the subsidiary question, What will Mr. Percy Freund do' Mr Percy Freund being a fervid physician, converted from Judaism toHvangelicism.ltvhohasmade it his business to get himself locked up time after time by disturbing the services at St Paul's, by way of protest against the growing chasteness of the services under Dean Church and Canon Liddon and Gregory. He is, however, only one of a number of objectors to the new . regime, who give men a less decided indication of their discontent. The reredos was inaugurated " by a solemn The reredos was ''inaugurated " by a solemn and crowded choral service on Wednesday, its varied marbles of porphyry colour, and white, and ivory, and "rosso antics," and "verse de times, ' being lit up at the critical moment by a glorious and lasting burst of Sunlight The reredos, the design of which is chiefly the work of Mr Garner, of the firm of Lindley and Garner, may be fairly said to double the beauty of the cathedral in its interior. The venerable Sir Robert Carden, the father of the city corporation, has died this week He was a man greatly devoted to charity and religious works-a fact of which those who knew him chiefly as the most persistent of public " banqueted," probably little dreamed of By profession he was a stockbroker, in a not very large way of business His wealth, which was considerable was chiefly due to Ina possessing a share of the gross profits of the third column of advertisements in The Times newspaper. He was a grandson of John Walter I who founded The Times, and the column of advertisements was bestowed on his mother, at the wedding breakfast, by her father in a convivial and melting moment. The column was divided between her three sons at her death, and one of them, George, in eccentric and a miser, never touched his share during a long bachelor his At his death the accumulations of half a century went to Sir Robert, who was thereby enabled to stand the financial shock involved in the failure of his " Alexandra Palace ' speculation, n huge pile in the northern suburbs, intended to rival the Crystal Palace at Sydenham Sir Robert Carden, who was 87 years old, attended the City Council chamber on the day of his death, and moved a vote of condolence with the family of the late Alderman Sir John Staples, 10 CMC, also just dead, a man 20 years younger than himself Sir Robert was quite an institution of London life, and will be much missed Many a man has beguiled an intolerably tedious city dinner by watch- ing the good old man steadily eating and drinking through the menu without missing a dish or a wine He never had gone London was astounded on Wednesday by a telegram announcing that Mr Chamberlain was to be the next Governor General of Canada Mr Chamberlain quickly gave the report a demand, but that such a rumour should hav e got abroad and been believed, or at all events considered possible, is a curious sign of the anomalous position which Mr. Chamberlain is at present considered to occupy in English politics The necessities of the Unionist alliance do not suit a politician of his fiery stamp In the first place Lord Hartington is so indisputably captain of the ship, that Mr Chamberlain can hope for nothing more than a position of subordination, whilst the whole conception of the Unionist position is be essentially one of observation and reserve, that a man of Mr Chamberlain's gladiatorial powers has no scope for his abilities. What I have heard, on the best authority," is that when he comes back from America he will strike out a line of his own, still objurgating the Glad stomachs, but making a bold bid for the favour of the democracies by an "ant poverty' policy, Some snell idea underlay his sell imposed missions to the crofters last his self imposed missions to the crofters last April, and before he went to America he opened up communications with Mrs Annie Besant, who is one of the chief apostles 01 " peaceful socialism, ' with a view to meeting her and discussing her principles with her on his return The arrangement does not bind him to more than inquiry and examination, ' but he may find much in the lady's teaching which he can work up into a programme on the lines of his old ' ransom ' speech 'The Socialists have occupied a very large space in the public eye of late They are split up into several camps Not counting the foreign revolutionaries, and the " English Anarchists" (who comprise one stockbroker, his -aesthetic wife, and her 42 admirers), the most extreme section of the Socialists are the Social Democratic! Federation, under Hyndman Burns and Comrade Quelch," the latter of whom Ima recently advised the firm.- of London in eighty places, as the best medicine for the sickness of the time. These people are now nearly penniless. Their financial mainstay was Mr William Morris, the poet and upholsterer, who has withdrawn from them and founded another organisa- tion, "The Socialist League,' auspicious but small II II Champion, the ex artillery officer, has also broken away from the Hynd man combination, and stands by himself. He was demoralised some time ago by the blandishments of a fair Primrose League canvasser, who visited him in his chambers at Grey's Inn, to ask for his vote at a Parliamentary election, After many visits and much tender talk, behalf converted her, and Blue half converted him, and he left the Social Democratic I Federation, joining, by way of compromise, n Gladstonian Caucus The combination to which Mrs Besant belongs is called the " Fabian Society,' a very mild and academic affair, including Walter Crane and Oscar Wilde, which only looks to the gradual evolution of society on a socialistic basis." Under the I obtain scheme department after department of human affairs would be taken under co-operative control, until, lost of all, the babies would be washed and danced, and physicked by the agents of the commune." This highly diluted socialism, such as it is, has been too much for Mr. Bradlaugh, and he has dissolved partnership with Mrs Besant in the editor- ship of Ina widely-circulated paper, the national Hrformci. There is consternation among the maidens of Belgravia, by reason of the fact that a wealthy and eligible "bachelor" lord has suddenly announced that he has been married for lb years last past to his mother's lady's maid. . 