inius or sous. PaELIAMBKTABY. Both HouSSS of Parliament meet tins afternoon. The Legis lative Council will devote its first attention to tiie Local Government Indemnity BUI, and an effort will be made to pass the measure through all its stages. The Minister of Justice will move the appointment of a committee to consider tiie constitution of the Legislative Council, with a view of in creasing' the number of its members. Other measures wiU be considered in committee. The Legislative Assembly will disease the Electoral Districts Alteration Hill, and it is anticipated that the whole week will be thus employed. No other Government busi ness will be submitted tothe House, as the Minstry are anxious to make progress with the measure. The Grain Market. — Onr Mel bourne correspondent wired hmt evening as follows : — " The wheat market is im proving, to 4s 5d bong qnoted for prime Btmples ; oateare in better demand; small sales of Cape barley have been effected at late rates ; maize steady, to 3s 6d." Railway Meeting at Telahgatuk. — There were representatives of Salt Lakes, Telangatnk and Telangatnk East present at a railway meeting held recently at Telanga tnk, when (says onr correspondent) the fol lowing resolution was carried, " That this meeting joins with tiie Hamilton Hail way- League in advocating railway-extension from Noradjnha. to Hamilton via Salt Lakes, Telangatnk, Balmoral and Cavendish." An amendment was moved in favor of a line to Portland via Harrow and Carterton, hot was not seconded. "Weights op Fleeces. — Mr. A. A. White has favoured ns with the fallowing weights of fleeces shorn from Woodhonse prize rams : — Six-tooth ram, placed second at Ballarat, 161bs 12ozs ; four-tooth ram, first atBallarat, 151bs ; fonr-tooth ewe, first at Ballarat, lOlbs 12ozs ; two-toolh ewe, second at Baliarat, lOlbs 4ozs; 3 two-tooth ewes, first at Ballarat and Hamilton, lOlbs i2ozs, 9ttw Sozs, and Slhs lOozs respectively; 3 fonr-tooth ewes, first at Ballarat and Ham- ilton, JOIbs lOozs, lfflbs floss, and 101bs4ozs, respectively; 2 two-tooth ewes, awarded Maseru. Forsyth Bros. ' special at Hamilton, , lOlbs Sobs and lOlbs respectively ; champion ' two-tooth ram at Hamilton, 12Ibs 12qzs ; two-tooth ram, second at 'Hamilton, Itibs 12ozs; 3 two-tooth tarns, first at Hamilton, Hlbs doss, Ifflbe 12ozs, and HSbs respec tively. Mkbino, Sandfgrd and Castebtoh P. and A. Socrery. — Our Casterton corres pondent writes : — " A meeting of tins Society was held atBnrtis Hotel, Casterton, on "Saturday, tire 29th September, Mr. C. hoch in the chair. The hon. secretary (Mr. D. Morrison) said he wished to remove an erroneous impression that had gained some ground concerning Messrs. Bobinson and Gillespie's special prise. The irift of the firm was £10 10s, which amount he (the secretary) had apportioned to the best of his ability, the prize bring given by the donors without any restriction whatever. The balance iff profit amnring do the Society from the Jate Show would he about £50. The expenditure in rarnnentirm with the Show was as follows:— Prizes (indnding dog match), £213 ; Show dinner, £15 ; sundry expenses, labor, etc., £3 4s. Several accounts were passed for payment. In the absence of Mr. J. "H. JaSon (Pretideot), the idea of holding a Brace Auction about March in tiie anticipation of wiping out the iloht Sooioij, woa -held river for cdn- inderatinn for tire present, mithe-mnder- standing that the project should not he lost Mghfcci" Bailway Extesbigs. — A meetang held at Edenhope xm last Saturday, a brief ofjcallway nme hang carried out A. league was formed, and a branch is to he at Apdey. The line advocated is one from Cderalne to the Sooth AnstniliaD Border, by way of Nareen, TWrsyockyan, Mooree, Harrow, . Edeohte ani Apaley. 3Dhls,ms me exjdamed hi a recent issue, is tiie ex- temum which Coleeaine ond Hamilton Ate alike pledged to auppurt,and doesnotinany way dadh xrith the pnqiosals nf the Hamil- farn Laague dte esteMirii direct oammnmca-.i Our frienas wnneutjmMflmaiimltimiieqptein, eir endeavors -to opm aip iha Kowree dmratiinulwam. mdneoone thehocder todxmw.gmngtoSansfaalia,fortife, jTOirtmi ppiyqrte iff lQctom. : : . v. ' .. HtALiBM-— taeiywing v»ga- mn< jammung . mww. BdvraOTtiingaownimrnammttidtem a paddock mear townaandtditeUuyiiigaoineS M.llniJdmgsxninntiier.--iA'«dnBfiiaE sheen jgsasaaaasaai wrtamtinn -in jtoeweamimlegce; bntfa'Stsflne imBioiiditr-'fe'fiii aie Fossil Deposits at Mnddy drMk continue to excite interest. Mr. A J. North, F.L.S., one of the Sydney museum efientiirtn, was yesterday engaged in un earthing patyzoi, etc., etc., and, donbtiess, obtaindxnairy eomens for the institution he has the honor to represent. The "May Bbown Memorial.— Messrs. Coulter and Howell, monumental masons, of Hnmilton. have received from Italy a beautiful little memorial stone which is to be erected over the grave of the brave child May Brown, who lost her life at Hamilton in December last while vainly endeavoring to save that of her younger brother. The Bad eventwhich-the stone ia designed to commemorate made a deep im pression on the people of Hamilton at the time, and in response to a suggestion made by the Spectator the sum of £17 10s was quickly subscribed in order that a suitable tnemorial might be ksisedto the -memory of a little heroine. The stone selected is esti mated to cost a little over£20, but there is every reason to think Shat the difference between the amonsh Snhana and the sum required will be easily raised. He memorial is of marble, and represents a broken column over the top of which drapery Is thrown. A beautifully executed rose, sns- pended by a chain, hangs over, or rather pro jects from, the body of the stone, anda large leaf surmounts the raised tablet on which the inscription will be placed. The work manship mid finish are perfect, and Messrs. Coulter and Howell say that the stone is the prettiest that ever passed throogh their hands. "When properly mounted and com plete a photograph of the memorial will be token, and those desirous of having copies will be able to do bo. Meanwhile we will be glad to reoeive and acknowledge further subscriptions towards the memorial. The A.J.C. Meeting. — -As a role the running at the Australian Jockey Meet ing is keenly noted by "Victorian sporting men as from it they, generally speaking, ob tain some good lines to go upon with re spect to the still more important meeting of the V.R.C. It will, however, puzzle the cleverest amongst them to arrive at anything like a definite and satisfactory conclusion bv studying results obtained last week on the Randwiek course. One thing is certain, unless Volley very much improves, she will not Btandnhe ghost of a show in tiie V.IL.C. Derby, for which great race she waa such a very warm favourite some weeks ago. To use a sporting expression ribe baa turned out to be a Tegular jade ; mot only was she beaten in the AJ.C. Derby hut bIbo in the Oaks Stakes, which being restricted to mem bers of her sex she was counted upon as cer tain to win even after her defeat in the Derby. According to the running there, Melos, a horse but comparatively little heard of before, should possess the best chance in the V.R.C. Derby, but another horse,Carhine, a son of -the celebrated mre Mnsket, is com ing over from New Zealand with an unbeaten record, and it is ."believed be will be able to ehow Heloe the way. Again much interest was attached to the meeting of Abercom and Australian Peer, bnt they have turned the .tables on each other in such a fashion that it seems impossible toamve at any conclusion as to which horse 1b the more likely to win the Melbourne Cop. After Australian Peer had defeated Abernorn, and Abercom bad simil arly treated 1he Peer, the resnlt of their straggle in the Randwiek Plate on Saturday was eagerly awaited. That one or other of them would win the Plate was in the minds of many a foregone conclusion, although famnnri waa made the favorite, bnt yon never can tell until the colors are np and tiros we eee a comparative outrider in Wycombe beating both the cracks, and, according to the Herald telegram, bad not Australian ran xather wide when nearing home, there would probably have been a dead heat between him and Abercom for second place. Below we give results of the running on Saturday, viz : — Selling Plate — Here's Luck, X ; Ascot, 2 ; Butterfly, 3. Members' Handicap — Maggie, 1 ; Bilisk, 2 ; Savant, 3. Waverley Handicap— Theorist, X ; Invader, 2 ; Phaon, 3. Steeplechase— Marmion, 1 ; Scobeloff, 2 ; Last King, 3. Randwiek Plate— Wycombe, 1 ; Abercom, 2 ; Australian Peer, 3. The other starter was Lamond. Time, fimin. 474aecs. At one time Wycombe was allowed to lead by thirty lengths and eventually won by four. The betting was 6 to 4 agst Lamond, who was absolutely last, 7 to 4 the Peer, 2 to 1 Aber com, and 10 to 1 Wycombe. The Final Handicap,- van by -Smth. Etockwell bring second, and Busy Bee third, brought the AJ.C. Spring Meeting to a close. It may be added that Theorist waa the only favorite that won tiirongbont the afternoon, so flat the metallicians must have not only fleeced, but absolutely skinned the lamb, as repre sented by tire gentle public. Tm Mounted Rifles. — Colonel Price has not been able to complete his in spection of XL Company. As already re ported, be visited Coleraine. Casterton and Merino in the early part of the week, on Thursday he inspected tiie "Branxholme de tachment, on Friday the Myamyn men were examined, and on Saturday those at Hey wood were inspected. He parades were satisfactory at these places, and the drill was fairly well done throughout. In coiue- qnence of the camp arrangements requiring Colonel Price's presence in Melbourne, be was compelled to go through yesterday with out inspecting either the Hamilton or the Duhkeln detachments. The lecture on Minor Tactics," which was to have been given at Hamilton last evening, has been in definitely postponed for the same reason. He muster of the H Company men at the camp to be held next week wm not oe large, bnt it is expected that about 30 will be able to -attend. These, with their horses, will probably be conveyed to Xangwarrin by apodal train on next Monday morning, bnt definite arrangements on that point are not yet made. Yesterday the officer command ing H. Company received a telegram from Capt. Hoad, adjntant of ihe V.M.R., inti mating that ibe railway department would not carry free the hortes of men who are to take part in the -mounted matches at the next V. B-A meeting. AH the department is prepared to do ia to convey the horses both ways for a single fore. Under the im pression -that "the department would supply tree carriage for theharses a number of de tachments of £1 Company have entered for the mounted -matches xnd-the decision of the railway department will be received by these with very mnch diHfovtmr. Praying, fob the Natives. — At a meeting of the North Mdbonrne branch of the A.N.A., held -on Thursday evening, Mr. G. Cnllen called attention tothe kind pro posal of the Presbyterian Assembly to devote a whole week to the work iff praying for the members of the Association. He suggested as a quid ,»to «ko,:«iiiL in" testimony of their gratitude for tiie kind offices of thePresby- tety on their behalf, that the board of Directors should wait upon file Premier, and ask that the National Holiday riiould be set node for universal prayer for the Presby tery. The President of the branch, com menting in a less jocular strain upon the sub ject, charactermedthe ectionof the Presby tery as a " direct and deliberate insult " to the Association. He further expressed bis opinion that if the Presbytery desired to pray specially at all, timy should pray for "-their own better sense." Tbeyhadliad, he said, theattempt at aristocratic dictation madeand fluted. And now' -fiiey -were to have an attempt -at olmcal dictation. Be did not often pray, but if be prayed over tins matter Jie would pray very hard for the Presbytery. Finally, Mr. GuUen moved, "Hat the Secretory iff the -branch be in structed to bring under the notice of the board .aM&ractom; the artide reierring to the qnestion -which had appeared in the wilnmnH of -tiie Herald iff the 24th inst. Mr. Beckett seconded tiffs, and 1he motion was earned unanimously. Football.— A. great entpdse was in store for thdpatronsxff football on Saturday whm North Melbourne infliated .B -defeat on the premiers, the Sonth Melbourne, by 4 goals -13 hehmds, -to 3 goaIs 8 behinds. Geelong ran rings round Melbourne and scored 10 goals 19 behinds, to 1 goal 5 be hinds. Carlton heat'Fiteroy by 4 goals 13 freMnda to l goal 15 behinds. Essendon scoredfi «oils Sbehmds to Btdunnnd 2 gosh 40 behinds, and .Bdri.Melbonaie vanquished Banar&WB;£& S goals 12 -v x the Land Qfficri at tire romiis iff Messrs. IniSawAndlFenton, Hannlton, «nlhe 30th inst. Three townlotein tiiepaiish of North HutftmwidHkBimmlntetoeparirii of Jots -odjmrifng QneehlBylteik. Goterame; amxenfoAhe fowhriup pfiDmikMd ; one in ®sxticMrakffjtiffstiatotOTSdiMverm finwihrmrBe. Mechanics' Institute. — At a com- I tttee meeting held last evening, Mr. T. R. I Nnieht was appointed Librarian to toe I ifrmilton Mechanics' Institute, and Free Ubwy- S'1" appKc&tioTOi; including some I from ladies, had been sent in. I A New Fibm. — One of toe legal I ntices in to-day's issue is the announcement I flat Mr. A. C. Destine has been taken into I MTtnerehip by Mr. Woolf, the well-known I Melbourne solicitor. After matriculating I from the Academy and serving his articles I ivjfl Messrs. Samuel and Horwitz, of this I toiru, Mr. Destree proceeded to toe metropo- I jj. and for some years acted as managing I jerk to Mr. Woolf. The confidence shown I ia Iris ability by his principal is proved by I his being admitted as a partner in one of the I best legal businesses in Melbourne, and, as I the name of Destree has for many years been I identified with all good movements in I Hamilton, the many friends of the family I will join i wiahing the eldest son every I success in his new position. I The Land Act. — Leases approved : | f. Buckhart and C. Ronning, Katyil ; A. I Buckley, Lawloit; J. Byrne and Mary I Brccn, Nurcoung ; S. Cook, G. Boggis and | t. O'ReiUv, Tarranginnie ; S. Couper, I y.nac a-Yonac ; D. Currie, Warraquil ; G. I J. Thomas. W. ninoKfnn .T I O'Reilly- Werrigav; T. Dongey, and F. Saltniareh, Yanipy ; J. McCarthy, Nenar- pur: T. Nickolls, Yarrock; T. Pitcher, Lowan ; Mary Gash, Connewirricoo ; T. Herbertson, Mourie ; Margt. M'Combe, Casterton ; J. O'Reilly, Yonpayang ; H. I Pevett, Homerton ; D. Sullivan, St Helens ; I J. Tait, Mocamboro ; J. Barnes, Yarrock ; C. Schulze, Woorak ; A. M'Donald, Concon- gella South ; Racbael Kean, Kout Nariu. I License approved : R. S. Walls, Sandford. That Rabbit-Pboof Fencing. — Mr. G- JI. Officer, the officer who is superintend- 1 jng the erection of the rabbit-proof fence along the South Australian border has furnished the report asked for by Mr. Dow ar the result of certain complaints made with regard to the character of toe fence. Mr. Officer says: — "In company with Mr. Hock, of South Australia, I have made aa inspection of the portiouof the border fence erected by Victoria. The principal ob jections made by Mr. Hock to the fence were— The netting being nnder measurement, the appearance of toe netting where strained, no wire running along the top of the netting to support it against dogs getting over, the barbed wire being too far apart, namely, 10 inches ; and the material being too light. As I have already reported to you in my letter of August, 1887, the , specifications for this fence were made out badly, the standards being slotted at an- even distances, and there bring no wire to support the netting makes the fence weak. The South Australian fence is of good ma- terial, well planned, and consequently the contrast of the two fences is notable. Daring our inspection of the Hne, covering a dis tance of 65 miles, there were no traces of rabbits having got nnder the fence, or native dogs. My opinion is that the fence is sufficient for rabbits, but Mr. Hock differs, stating that it is his opinion that owing to the specified distance for the netting to be sunk in the ground, namely, 6 inches, although the rabbits are not now getting through, there is a danger of them doing so. With regard to the fence being effectual against native dogs, I am of opinion that owing to the want of support for toe top of the netting, and there being too great width between the first barb and netting, it is necessary that an additional barb wire be run along the top of the netting, to which it will be attached. Ibis would only be necessary for the first 60 miles, as after that the material improves. About 230 coils will be sufficient to do the work." The Minister of Lands has ordered toe preparation of an estimate of toe cost of toe alterations to the fence suggested in the above. 