SOUTH AUSlnUUAM SPORT. Ffcon.oimOwKiCosBtoo APet.m twl Monday., \- MrFeny tiafl sofar heitn fbctoaate mth his Birthday Meeting, Inasmuch aa he had very Eur attendance oq. the opening day, and man aged to indues too Government to dedaro a faalf-haiday for tbe Gup on Tbmsdsy. How tic euoceeded in getting this con cession is a tuyetery, as it can no hoar be . deemed a secret that Mr Ferry >« tunning the coarse on but ,own ' account. At the lastmeetinn el the City Council, held on Mon day, another letter was read from the Mewr. Bladder, in wbirii ihey requested the Council to retake poesesaion of the course, beiug agree- able to rive it up on valuation for improve ments, toe amount of the compensation not to exceed IAOOO. Of coarse they wrote not only for themselves but for their co-lessee ai wril, -who, \f any such suta were p&id; by the Corporation, would, no doubt, chip In tot his ditta of the ; compensation. I eupi>ose that share would ! amount to a third, but cannot rpeak express y on the point, because there has been eozmich that is not anderstandable in tbe deulings of the co-leraees— in fact, it is hard to describe them, and could not lie done better than by ; the party who some time ago was hoard to declare, " They ore not a club ; tliey're tiie Wooinin' Trinity— Father. Son, and HolyGbost.' If (he father and sou retire from the lease, which they now contemplate doing, the holy ghost" will still endeavor to retain iKMeessinn of what he evidently regards as Elyeian fields for himself. Mr Ferry, how ever, would tie Very unwise in hie own iu- tp|i-ts if hestood out against tiie Co rjio ration retaking possession of tlio «iut«e on tUe tenna proposed by the Messrs RladctiT, Iwcause tliou(d» the amount painod is lower than the estimate pven for the same property some three rears ago when a comjuny was bring formed for the purcliane of bo:h countes, yet it is all that (he piojn-rty would realise at the present tin'e — and cer tainly more than any other jmrchaer rhan t he Corporation could be aot to give for it. If I remember rightly f ho Coriiorntion h.io acluuc in tho lease Py which the h'ftsees wvrc to «pcnd at least L2500 in building a new grand suiid. Tiiey did this and more ; they expended over I/iOOOon the newetan', aud erected a lut of fencing, etc. Of coarse they had in ttiore devs the privilege or the use of the totali&itor;, wliich was a money-making machine for them, and the receipts fr>an tl>e course were very large, and they gave big slake. Hut ihev went fnrther than was needed in till these tbiiles, with the intention of cdtting out the S.A.J.C., and so they preferred 10 carry on a senseless and ruinous mulry to wisely Imblmiidiug tlieir funds. The result is obriou, and now they can, OO doubt, see their folly, and irgrit it. Tiieir action against JocThonqison wh?n they put tiim off tbe course — which the dail y in)N>» ndvised them not to attempt— cost (hem a tiiousnnd |K>undg at least, and this piece of folly was prompted in their own interiu be cause they found it would be more wofitnlile to have a tololisAtor as long am a street " (us oue of the lessees expressed it) tlian to have the bookmakers plyiug their calliug iu the pnd- dock. Thev used to boast nt ihat time that they were' all-powerfa! over the iiictnUiciaiis, and cruld moke them wear dress suits or army themselves in liveiy if they chos1. But uow tiie day. of retribution has come for thpm, and the despised bookmaker, in the absence of the i machine, can rule the ronst, and not only 1 butcaiilx»t without jtaying for trie privilege. They did this on Cup Day, several refusing to pantheir guinea for n license, as the recent verdict against the Y.A.T.C. proved the lessees baa no right to charge them anything. Mr. Ferry thought the books were taking a mean advantage of liiin; but the 44 Club " did not scein to be affected, as the aupetites of tho stewards for the day were nil sound at lunch time. It is to be hoped the City Corporation will see their wny clear to retake possession of ihc course, as people arc getting thoroughly sick of the present aspect of affair. Two or three proprcals have been made, by which the Cor)Kiration could make n revenue that -would pay more than (lie interest on three or four thousand pounds. One of them is to do a bit more fencing, enclose the ground as a football and cricket reserve, and then let it to the new Foot kill Association. Another plan is that the Agricultural Society, who will be needing larger yards before long, should, if possible, secure it. There is no dr.nbt that the place could be immediately lot to the footballers and cricketers If a turf were laid ; and tbis would be tbe more populur plan, X think, because if. in tiie couTte, of. say. seven years, the turf was again flourishing in Adelaide, and a second coarse was needed, there would be no difficulty in re-open ing the tracks by a moveable tetice on race days, and tbo bipeds and quadruppds could both be accommodated. 1 understand (fiat the Corporation sought (be advice of thrii solici tors, which was unfavorable to their ousting the lessees without compensation ; i»i-t the further correspondence has been referred to the limbs of tbe law, and surely the Corporation ore business men enough to take advantage of tbe present situation, and biiug this much- vexed matter to on issue. One of the founders of racintonthe Adelaide old cnurae— Mr. John Hamlyn, of the Pier Hotel, Glenelg — met with a tragic and 6uddcii death on Friday. He had been doing business jn town, and was driving home with hia wife, daughter. «rra MvuHsr-tu-in#, «, « way crossing on the Bay road bis trap was run into by on approaching train, and Mr. Hamlyn won badly smashed up and killed on the spot. His wifeand daughter were seriously hurt, but their friend escaped by jumping out of thetrap. The honewoa cut into miuccmeat. Mr Hamlyn must have misjudged the pacr'at which tho train Was travelling, or he would not have ventured to drire across the line, but die pot Is known to be a dangerous one, and very probably he neither saw nor heard the train until too late to save his life. Tbe Government will probaby erect gates, and take precautious which ought to have been taken before. Mr Hamlyn was buried on Thursday with Masonic honors, of which body be was an old and respected member. He will be missed both socially and in turf circles. It was quite recently thai he had a conversation with myself ou the subject of forming a company for the purchase ol the Morphettville courseand I have no d>>ubt that had the question of the old course lease been settled, Mr. Hftthiyu's schetuo of purchasing Morphettville would have been carried our, as he bad several men of capital at ills back. His was a sudden and a s&d; fate, and it is to be hoped his wifeand daughter will recover from the effects of the accident. The Polo Club Races, which will take place on Saturday, 12th May, at Morphelville, will be one of the most attractive meetings of the season. It is iuvariably a large and fashion able gathering, and with Mi-. K. W. Howard as secretary there u a thoroughly pood man at tiie helm, who will deserve to liave fine weather, which is a'd that will be necessary to ensure the success of the meeting. The Menagerie Race will be a very amuring feature of the day's proceeding. ! In consequence of the dry weather, the S. A. Coursing Club have found it necessarv to >o«t- pone their Bucklaud Parle Waterloo Cup meeting for a week, and the running will com mence on the 22ud, instead nf the loth instant. The running for the May Kail Cup at Narrn- cnorte takes place on 6th June in the local Plumpum, and from what I hear the lasting is likely to be carried out better than List year, when the supply of game ran short. Mathews and Crystal, the wrestlers, have given exhibitions in RoAchock's Half, and lu.ve been lairly well patronised. Excellent nominations have been received for the Broken Hill races on 17th and 111th May, and a good number of ir.-et&llimnA; and turfites will go up from Adelaide to attend the meeting. Tne weather was favorable tar (he second day's racing of the A. It C. on Thursday, owing ta smart showmpt ram having fallen on the previous sight. The course was very hard previously, and quite unfit for jumping events. Between three and four thou>?,iia Fjicclators were present, but neither the Governor nor Sir Edwin Sniicli, who presented the Cup. His Excellency fivnt his private secretary to represent him. The sport was fairly good for a eiualt tueetiug, and the books must have done pretty well, as (he favorites wi-ut down iu the majority of events. For tbe Hurdle, Speculation and Liberty were most in favor, hut the winner turned up in Glengarry, a 5 to 1 chance. This horse has been improving of late, and appears to have won on his merit. For the Handicap Tret, Morris's Dan was a strong favorite, but another a onts>der, Sunbeam, beat the field quite easily, going well the whole way. For the BirMid&y; Cud there were five competitors— Ktchmoiid, Laurel, Little Boz, Norma and Vauity. Richmond, at SstlOib, looked able ta beat the fmld, and was backed down to 6 to 4 on, but little iWtz was iu the same frtabl'4, and their owner Mr; OTomrhlm trot some money about both. The race is easly described, as Little Boz led the wbnls way, and Richmond waited on him till he was 'safely ahead of Laurel , who was the most daitgerouH of toe other -competitors. Boz won by a short length, the same lietween Laurel and Notina. Tiie Sunn. IOIhoc. was pn-tty fast if correctly clocked. T!»-re was a go;»d deal of curioriiy as to whe(bT Richmond wou'tl Jjj p.-ri.iitri.-il to win the Cup nft»-r lil running ret the pre vious Saturday, lrji.li.li. wlil-d tho question in what, to hismiuil, wa», ito <:ouh'i, .-v sa5i»- > factory inanuor, as be carried off tbe obi-! ' pcizb ot tbe meeting. Iu the Corinthian Cup, for whitii (fare weqe fatf-ddwa euuiets, s&oihcr;' Wt mder turofcd " xq> to Mr" C. Cbspple's Bluggord, a candidate from Broken HjII, who showed a good torn ti fooVsad oune borne gamely under Hie wnip, Torn Cribb and Gsmester bring second and third. Five started for the Steeplechase, -which looked a good thing for Blackbird until - be bnogieo at a fence in tiie treble, abd threw bis rider, Kain, a purler o er bis bead ; neither boree nor rider were hurt, but bulb were out of the bunt, as were also Sir fievye at an eariy mage through baulking Ferry's Sweep carried on tlic ! running (or eome time till passed by Hotspur, wbo -'in. tarn was cut down by Blazes, who won easily after negotia ting the fast fence. There were candi dates for the Flying Handicap, Tor wbich'Lotd John and lbcbud were equal favorit«%b«t the two-year-old was too fast for tiie reft, and won easily'all tiie way from Mirage second), and Richmond thiro. 