Marion's Masquerade. ?«?———??-'? -— -- u? '? ? — ' (From: as American Periodical.) 'Vincent, are you in love with Miss Deverue?' ' No, sir ; decidedly not !'. 'No? Well, you needn't be so forcible in your denials. One would suppose you were trying to convince yourself of that fact. ' Vincent Uualoner ?flushed, and bit bis under lip. ' She is too frivol us, 'he said, in a moment, anxious to continue the sub ject, and )ret speaking with an airy in difference, as though it wa:.s but pass ing Interest to him. 'Yes?' interrogated his friend, lazily puffing smoke into foamy rings. ' But you wouldn't want a wife that made a nun of. herself, would you? You're rather lively yourself, my boy. ' 'So I. am ; and I like to see a woman who onjuys society. But 1 want her to once in a while be capable of an earnest thought — a desire and ambition tor Homething beyond dress and breaking hearts. In short — ' ' In short, Miss Deveruo does not suit you,' finished Larry Darol, jump ing up, and flinging away his cigar. ;** Well, Vin, I'll wager :uy. entire, back account— a ma IT, but precious — that if you only knew it, Marion Dev erue has more solemn thoughts in five minutes than you have in a week. Take the idea for what it is worth, and some time see if I am not right.' 'Strange that he she u Id express the very thought 1 am haunted with, ' muttered Vincent, pacing up and down his room, when left alone. That night he met her at a reception, and determined to. watch her more elusely than ever. In the admiring circle that always surrounded her she was the very soul of gaiety; but it always seemed to him that if he went near her she grew additionally freakish and airy To-night he stayed, at- a distance, and watched. She did not appear to notice his ab B-.MU'e, mill in the midst of his reverie a voicv at hi.s side spoke. ' You »re admiring nrv cousin from ft di-tance Mr. t-luiloner v' He started ami Hushed in annoy ance;. *?' I believe T wa«. dcriug southing of the kind,' he said, a little stiffly. ' Beautiful isn't »he?' asked Janet Deverue, seating herself composedly, and not appearing, to notice his annoy - am«e. 'Wry,' he answered, briefly. '' And how delightful it is lo bo rich as she is !' continued Janet, with an envious sigh. He looked at her a trifle askance. ' Oh, we are bwth forlorn orphans, you know;' Janet immediately ex jdiiTtied. '' But we wrre blessed with an old aunt in the Indies, who rolled in wealth, and when she died left it all to one instead of dividing it be tween us.' ' Very, partial, I am sure !' he said, laughing; then adding, hastily, 'Ex- cuse me, jVXi'ss Deverue. 1 see a friend beckoning to tan.' Quickly he crossed the floor, seeing a foreboding of some bad news on Larry Darol's white face. ?-' What's the trouble. Larry?' he exclaimed, reaching his friend's side and drawing him to one side. ' Bad news, I fear, Vincent, old jfellow,' answered Larry, in a hurried, sympathetic way, and handing a tel egram. Vincent tore it open, held it under the brilliant light, and read the few words. They told him he was penniless. ' You know?' he said, looking up with stiff white lips. ' Yes ; I heard about an hour ago, and hurried round to your rooms, just in time to meet a telegraph boy looking for you. 1 knew 1 would find you here, and brought it round to y-ou ' ?'I hank you,' said Vincent, rend iug it again. ?' Dead broke ?' asked Larry. 'Dead bruke,' answered Viucent. ' All your money in it ?*' ' Every penny [''answered' Vincent, crushing. tlit- paper in ins hand, and turning slowly until his eyes fell on the laughing circle that surrounded Marion Deverue. Heartless or not, ahe was lost to him now. u Make my excuses, to Madame H ? ?,'. he said, turning to Larry again. ' I suppose the news will ar rive before the festivities close ; note how my friends receive it,' he added with a bitter smile. 'Yes, I will— one friend in par ticular,' muttered Larry to himself; and very soon after Vincent's depart ure, strolled over to the crowd about Miss Deverue. ' Heard the news, Phil r' he ex claimed, catching at the hand of. a friend who stood near Marion. 'Bank broke all to smash, door closed this afternoon.' Every one in the gay circle heard tho exclamation, likewise Philip Brook's amazed rejoinder.' ' Darol and Chaloner ! You don't say so ?M *: Exactly.' And as Larry spoke, his eyes went directly to Marion's face. Whe grew as pale as a ghost, caught her breath, and looked for a minute as though she certainly would faint. ' Quite so,' muttered Larry, well satisfied. ' I suspected that the land lay in that direction.' Then he left them all talking of the wonderful news, and hurried away to offer what help lay in his power to Chaloner, penniless now with his thousands an hour before. A few weeks later the gay world knew Mr. Chaloner no more. It pit ied him greatly, and probably would not have turned the cold shoulder en tirely, for ho was a great favourite. But he gave it no chance of express ing itself one way or the other. Im mediately after Lia misfortunes he went to America. Marion Deverue only heard, as did all others, that he was gone. He did not come near her, and when she heard he had left she hid her face and sobbed. 'How I have deceived him in I everything — everything !' Fur a while 'Vincent received let ters from Larry. But he was unset tled, and missed half of them. He was a poor correspondent, and rarely answered the other half. So, in a little while, this single communication' with old. times ceased. He seemed i entirely alone, and in a strange, new world. Something over a year after his arrival in the country of mines, ho was one evening hurrying along from the ' diggings ' into the village, whistling merrily, and absorbed in contemplation of his wonderful suc cess. ? Who would have known him ? .Heavy trousers tucked into groat boots, a glaring red flannel .shirt thrown open at }he throat, browned face, neck, and hands, and nothing resembling the past, save the same kingly, erect carriage, and the dear piercing gray eyes, under lashes more beautiful than a woman's. ? ''Trouble !' he suddenly exclaimed, looking down the straggling .little street, and seeing a knot of excited men and women. '.'Some boy .?run- over, I believe, or something of that sort,' answered a passing miner when questioned. ' Well, there's enough there with out me,' thought Vincent, hurrying on to the shop towards which he was bound. He was rarely in the village, but camped with a number of fellows, more to his liking than the roughs in town, out by the .-mines. .-.-To-day, was what they call ' supply day,' and it was his turn to come in and purchase. The little sore where everything, from paste diamonds to shoe-strings, could be bought, was full of loungers, who were much animated over some subject; and, while waiting for his turn at the little corner, Vincent sat down on a barrel, and idly listened. 'Pretty !' cried one '.excited- old chap, with a grizzly gray beard. 'I tell you. boys, 1 nevc-r was much on angels ; but if they look like her, I'd like to see a few !' u I've punt every chick and child of mine — andj Lord knows, I've got enough — to her school !' laughed another miner, industriously whittling the keg he was astride of. ' They come home and act like lunatics 'bout how lovely she i.3. If I wasn't turning fifty, 1 b'lieve I'd go to school myself !' 'Who is this you speak of?' in quired Vincent, roused to interest at the enthusiasm of these gray-headed, harcieuod old men. u A new school teacher? 1 didn't know there was a school in the village.' ' No more was there,' replied the last speaker. ' But about a month ago there was an old woman and young one came, and they live at 't'other end of the viilage. and every one knows that the young one has opened a school. She don't ask any thing for her schooling, and she's got all the little brats in the village a round her, and appears to like it.' ^' Your turn sir !' shouted the storekeeper j and Vincent sprang from his barrel without waiting to hear more. That night one of his companions was taken voilently ill, and the whole camp was awakened in alarm. ' Cho loner, your the swiftest run ner ; go for the doctor, won't you? I think he poisoned himself this after noon on some roots we found !' ex claimed the young man. ' That 1 will !' exclaimed Vincent, jumping into his clothes, and speeding away. The village boasted but one doctor, and his door reached, and vigorously pounded, a woman put her night capped head from the window above, and sleepily remarked : — ' The doctor's up at the house where the little boy was run over. The third house round the corner to the right.' It was but an instant to reach it, to knock, and be answered : — ' I want the doctor at once.' ' Well, he's in that room. Just step in, will you?'; And Vincent stepped iu. It was dimly lighted, with a rude bed, on which a child lay, with & wo man kneeling beside him, while the doctor was putting on his hat to leave. Briefly Vincent stated his case. ' I will go out at once,' said the doctor. ' If he wakes give him the powder in the brown box. That is all, Miss Deverue.' Miss Deverue ! It must have been fully a minute before the haze cleared from Vincent Chaloner's eyes, and ho saw that the doctor was gone, and that the woman had risen from her knees, turned, and was facing him. ' Marion !' ' Vincent !' Not much in words, but volumes in each voice. For an instant — a long one — only the sleeping child's breathing could be heard, while their eyes never mor ed from that one fascinated glance. Then, as in a .dreamy' lie crossed the space, and took her hands in his own, as if to satisfy himself that she was a living reality. .?...' )Y\\\nt shall I say ?' he exclaimed. ?' i$ay that you are glad to see me,' she said, with a laugh, being, woman like, the quickest and, best at hiding her feelings, and appearing composed. 'Glad? Yes, I can say it. f am very glad !' ho Answered, in a quick, trembling voice. ' But how does it happen that I see you — you here?' ' The simplest thing in the world, though it does seem odd,' she laugh ed, remembering suddenly how he had spoken her name, how his whole iaee had lighted, and how he was now' holding her hands, without appearing conscious of the fact that he should have long since released them. ' When I saw you last, Mr. Chalon er. I was playing at a very fascinating masquerade, one that Janet andl'n greed on. I — in short, Janet is the heires-5 ; I never was, and probably never will be onuv Janet found a lover who loved her for herself: then we finished our little fun. She took her right place, and 1 took mine, as companion — ri'irse — maid — what you will, to a crochety old aunt, who has a fancy for living in all sorts of queer phces.' She finished with an abrupt little laugh, much color in her cheeks, and suddenly downcast eyes. ' And Janet's money parted us!' Vincent exclaimed, hardly conscious of what he said in his amazement. ' Harry is waking and I must give him his powder !' exclaimed Marion, in unutterable gratitude to Harry for giving her relief in this trying moment. And Vincent watched her — the little girl he had called heartless, frivolus, and shallow — down on her knees by the little chap, coaxing him into swallowing the medicine ; then petting, soothing, and winning sleep back with her soft hands and low, tender voice. ' AVhy did you hide your true self from me? Why did you so unjustly treat yourself?' Vincent asked, in an agitated whisper, when Harry again was asleep. ' Marion, did you not see how I loved you, even in spite of it ? Was it because you disliked — hated me?' ' Oh, no ! no !' Marion exclaimed, glad to hid-? her face on his shoulder as he put his arm around her. ' But I saw at first that you disapproved of the frivolus way I hnd adopted It piqued me. 1 thought you would hita me if you knew I was poor, but toler ated me because you thought me rich. I kept it up. I appeared as shallow and vain as possible before you, and all the time 1 knew I was — Oh, never mind ! But when you went away — oh, I was so wretched !' ' Marion !' he cried, in a great, trembling voiced gladness. ' My darling ! you loved me then ? You love me now ?' ' Yes,' she answered,. ' I love you then. I love you now.' 