Snicicte of Mr. F. Q. Bruce. S&ot; Tlirongb tlie Ueart. Verdict of Temporary Insanity. Tlie InqcesC» * The enquiry into the circumstances attend ing the death of Mr. F. O.Bruce was held at the Clarence Hotel on Thursday afternoon by the coroner (Dr. Whittell). Mr. W, Symon appeared on behalf of the representatives of the family, and Mr. A. G. Downer for the firm of Bruce & Moore, Mr, W. R, Wigley was chosen foreman of the jury. John Albert Bruce, analytical chemist, identified the body aB that of hiB brother, Frederick Oberlin Bruce, who was about 47 years of age. Thomas Alfred Wood, clerk in the employ of the deceased, said that on coming upstairs at 9.30 a.m. on Thursday he found the office door open, Went first into Mr. Moore'sroom, and saw there a letter and paper, of which he did not take particular notice.^ Went into Jus own! room, and subsequently into that of the deceased, where he found Mr, Bruce sitting in hiB chair dead. # Gave one glance around and went downstairs to get assistance. Saw Dr. Robertson going into the Exchange, and informed him that Mr. Bruce waB dead, there being a pool of blood under the chair. Asked the doctor to come up, which he did. Noticed a revolver under the chair, and on the left hand and coat of deceased were marks of blood. Did not examine the deceased specially. The letter on Mr. Moore's table was addressed to Mrs. F. 0. Bruce, East-terrace, the hand writing of the addreBB being that of Mr. Bruce, The revolver produced was that which he found in the room. Found the flattened bullet shown on the floor on the left side of the deceased. By the foreman—There waB no difference from his usual manner with the deceased on Wednesday, By Mr. Symon—Mr. Brnce was usually in a deBpond irg state of mind. -By the foreman—Had been in the deceased's service for about three and a half years. Would not call the deceased a downhearted man. Had never seen the revolver before. LaBt saw deceased alive at 5 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, Did [not consider Mr. Brnce a reserved man, George Waddell Marshall, clerk in the em ploy of Messrs. Northmore & Marshall said he knew the deceased by' sight and last saw him alive between S.50 and 9 a.m. on Thurs day at the south end of _ the Royal Ex change, going towards ihis _ office door. Did not see him enter his office. De ceased looked a little more despondent than usual. Mr. Bruce generally, had a melancholy aspect. Had known him for about eight or nine months, and saw him frequently. Dr, Robertson was called to see the deceased at about a quarter to 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning by Mr, Brace's clerk (Mr. Wood)._ Went into deceased's room and found him Bitting in Ms chair dead, Noticed a hole through the waist coat in the region of Mr. Brace's heart. The smell of gunpowder was very strong, and blood was sprinkled on his body and clothes. On the floor near hi3 foot in front of the chair and mostly under the table waB a pool of blood. Observed the revolver produced lying under the chair. Found a flattened leaden ball a little to the left of the body on the floor, Deceased had evidently been dead for about half an hour. Judged this from the warmth of the body. ^Subsequently, between 12 and_ 1 o'clock on Thursday, made a further examination of the .body, and then found, after taking off some of the clothes, a lacerated wound penetrating in the region of the heart. Found that the ball passed through the body and out at the back part just below the bladebone on the right side, the clotheB being also perforated. Found marks on the mantelpiece and "the grate, which" he believed were produced by the bullet. The bullet must have_ re bounded to the vicinity of the chair. The clothes were singed in the neighbor hood of the wound, In his opinion the cause of death was a gunshot wound. Death was immediate, and in his opinion the bullet was fired by Mr. Bruce while in a stoop ing position; he judged this from the blood on the floor. The wound must have been self-inflicted because of - its direc tion, the fact that the table wa3 in front of the deceased, and the why in which he was Beated in the chair. No other person, could have caused such a wound. From the appearance of this judged that the barrel of the piBtol must have been quite close to the body (and fired by the right hand. Had known the deceased for the last eight years, and regarded him a3 a' man of reticent habits, Thomas E. Lillywhite, police constable stationed in Adelaide, said that at about five minutes to 10 o'clock on Thursday morning Alfred Wood came to him at the corner of Rundle-street and told witness that Mr. Bruce had shot Mmself. At once went to the office and found deceased sitting in his chair, the revolver pro duced being under it, and a flattened bullet on the left Bide. Searched the body and found 5s. 3d. in caBh, a bunch of keys, two pocketknives, a magnifying-glasB, gold watch and chain, six tramj tickets, sundry papers, a small empty bottle, and a pencil. The watch chain had b6en cut through by the bullet. William John Peterswald, Commissioner of Police, stated that about half past 10 o'clock he went to, Mr, Brace's office and received an envelope and paper therefrom, which he for warded to Mrs. Bruce and received them again that afternoon. The envelops contained a letter without signature or date, 'scrip for 500 Mid Moonta Consolidated Company shares, transfer to his wife of these Bhares, and two £10 notes, The letter read as follows" My dear Mary— I am satisfied it is qnite useless to endeavor to postpone the evil day any longer, In my pre sent state I can do justice neither' to my myself nor to anyone else. I have strug gled against my nausea of life . for months past, but find it daily increasing upon me. It deprives me of both energy and nerve, and renders me a mere walking deathin life, Had anytMng been sufficient to avert the blow your love and constant affec tion would have made me a happy man. I am satisfied the fault or misfortune is in myself, and that I am unable to overcome it. This being the case I feel assured I am only consulting your happiness as well as my own in the Btep I propose. I hope yon will still endeavor to think kindly of ms as one who haB always loved you tenderly.' The letter was accompanied by a slip, having written on it in red penoil, " To be forwarded' to Mrs. Brnce immediately," Had known the deceased for many years, and always con sidered him a very melancholy man. John Albert Brace, recalled, stated that his brother had been reserved both with regard to hiB financial and family matters. Of late years he had been of a desponding nature. Last saw Mm alive on the 4th instant, and he was then no more despondent than nsnal. The coroner in Bumming up pointed to the sad state of mind in which the deceased had evidently been prior to Ms death, and the jury without retiring returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased killed Mmself by a gunshot wound in the region of the heart while in a state of temporary insanity, It is a singular circumstance that the de ceased gentleman, with his wife, attended service on Sunday evening at Stow Church, when the Rev. W. R. Fletcher preached from the passage iffithe 14th chapter of Job, " If a man die, shall he live again 1" Although Job waB not clear as to the answer, the preacher pointed out that the question was of impor tance to every individual, because[death,4ike a precipice, was in the pathway of all living. Bad the deceased any thoughts of the imme diate descent of the precipice when he sat listening to the sermon? "Man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" We learn that the deceased 'gentleman left Ms house at about the usual hour on Thursday morning, and there was nothing in his de meanor, to lead his wife to entertain a sus picion that he intended to take his life; on the contrary he asked her more then once to meet him at 6 o'clock, when he would have finished his business for the day. 'On the previous evening he made a remark, it is said, to Mrs, Bruce, which in the light of subsequent events possesses a peculiar significance. "If any thing ever happens .to me,1' he .said, and then he advised his wife as to what she should do, The firat children's fancy, and evening dres 3 invitation skating party waa given on Thurs day evening at the Norwood-Skating Rink. There was a very large attendance. The firat part of the evening waB given to the children, a Jarge number of whom went through the "Sir Roger De Coverley" on skates in a graceful fashion, At about 9.45 the children abandoned the rink, and the ladies and .gentlemen then took to the enjoyable exercise for a Bhort time, when their skates were taken off and a dance was kept up'until after midnight. Some of the costumea of the children present were very handsome. 