I WAS IT A »REAM? One day ia early spring I wa3 retaining from a trip to tba country. I was tired, and lay down io rent in the shade of an old oak tree, close by the banks of a babbling river. It was at the foot of a green meadow, and bat a step from tbs public road. Â country- man on his way to town stopped and entered into conversation, in the coarse of which be informed me that a terrible morder had once been committed beneath that tree, close to where I was seated. He could give me none of the parliaulars-it happened long before bi3 day-a few years after the close of the revolutionary war ; he only knew that one Marsden, a wealthy gentleman, had murdered his yoong wife and her supposed paramour upon that spot. If he had the time he could show me where Marsden's residence once stood, bat he was in a harry, and passed on. These facts made a deep impression apon my mind, and I sat and pondered over what I had heard without regard to the fight of time. The sun had gone to rest behind the | distant ridge of hills; the curtaia of darkness j was enwrapping the world; the stars j twinkled forth one by one in the iar-oC sky ; j the owl sent forth its dull, monotonous cry, and the river tinkled musically onward 07er its rocky bsd, and seemed to bid me rise and follow it; bat I disobeyed its call «nd lingered on. I knew not what a strange experience would be mine, ere I again left that spot. » * Tbs thunders of the war of tbe Evolution have eeased to reverberate amans the hills and valleys of the new-born America; the white flîg of peace streams on the breeze, and the busy hem of active labor fills the : land ; ths soldiers, young and old, have ail ! returned to their sweethearts, mothers, wives aai children, covered with glory and renown. I and are banding their energies to the task of ; making the infant republic the grandest cf I all governments upon the face of the globe, j A morn in Jane ; a bright sun and a cloud- less sky ; dew-drops glittering like millions ot diamonds, strewn by the hands of the i tairies, over the waving grass; sweet I song-birds on tbs branches of every 1 nodding tree, fill the flower-scented air with melody. Sketched beneath a sturdy oak, I j rest full length upon the sward, drinking in ! ali the beauty, the melody, and the perfume I of this Í3Ír*morniQg. What a strauss being I am ! I have life, I thought and motion, bet I am invisible. I know the minds, the feelings and tbs souls 1 of all with whom I come in contract ; but they never feel or seem to know of my ? presence. But hist ! I hear approaching footsteps. I ! raùa myself slightly, and ssc coming towards me a tall, broard-shouldered man in the very , prime of life-a handsome man with corling ¡ bair and blazing pyes. Elegantly he is clad in the dress of that pitied immediately suc- ceeding the Evolution. Some trouble is on his mind, for his brows are contracted and his hacd3 tightly clenched together, and he mutters constantly to him- self. I feel-that I mnzt be with him, ac sompany bini, and know his ways. So, glid- ing to hi3 side, together we walk np the sloping pathway in the direction of that white, vine-embowered cottage we see yonder upon tba cress of that green hill. I am not with t' s poor fellow long before I know bis tjouble. His soul is distracted with jealousy. Hs suspects his young bride of infidelity to him. .. What shall I do ?"' be moans almost con» stantly. "Oh, what shall I do? The woman whom I placed above all others, and whom I hold dearer than my own soul, is false. Perhaps it is the Marsden jealously that has possession of me. I can only wait and see wsit and sse." We ere now near the house, and from out the vine-wrcathed porch & girlish figure springs and with lijihc, graceful steps skims over the flower covered lawn to meet and greet her husband. What a r&rely; beautiful creature she i3 with a form so sliglsc. so wondrously moulded -3uch dewy brown ejea BO full o! tender- ness end swees expression ! Her fair hair, that gleams and stints in the sunshine, fails over her shoulder like a golden vail, and her lipa, red and clear as cleft strawberries, part j over tee»h whiter than any pearl ever ex- j tracted from the depfa ot old ocean. I do not i wonder thaï the husband -worships her as j wildly as hs does. * j Sha throws hsr snowy jewelled arms around j the broad shoulders of Mtirsden, and holds j up the red and fragrant ups to be kissed. I know the man fet'.á liite thrusting her from him, and pooraiag torch upon her defenceless head the fury long smothered withia his breast. Far better would it have baan had he- done so. But he controls himself by p. ^eat effort, lightly kissas.the list-lo mouth, ar.d wslks on ia silence to the house, she ] clinging to his arra. She is a childish, innocent thing:, I know. ¡ No guile i:: her heart-no stain on her soul, j How terribly blind humanity is ! [ know her thoughts, and can even hear the blood a9 it ripples through h:r vjins, and know that every drop drawn iro:a the warm, trusting heart is enveeratsd to the broad-shouldered, j';aioU3 creature whoso uatue she bsars. Oa arriving at the house Marsden excuses Ihimself and retires to DIS apartment. Bav inp; hi3 head upon a table, he matters brokenly, " Oh. it mast be so 1 Old Pompey cannob be mistaken. Twice, he says, she has met him in the last ten day, at the foot of the meadow by the oid oak tree. If I fin-3 this report to be trae, his life, at least, shall pay the penalty for bringing diegrace or, the Marsden name." Oat in the garden in the lattiesd summer- house a little-white-clad figaro is crouched in a comer of the rustic bench, sobbing and moaning softly. " I must tell Silos to-night. This euspsnce has been almost unbearable. Silas is so proud-bot then he secured his pardon once, and gave him money to start afresh-and hs thinks now he is far away. Oh, how angry he woald be did he know of thia new trouble 1 Poor erring boy, I love him so J To-morrow he will be gone, and then I will tell Silas-my dear, dear husband 1" . She rises from her seat, but she notices not the scrap of white paper that has fallen from her bosom to the ground. By some strange fatality Silas Marsden enters the sommer house immediately his wife leaves it. Almost the first object that greets his gaze is the scrap of paper. Imanginiag evil in every- thing, he gathers it eagerly up, and with fast beating heart and changing countenance reads the following: " DEAREST :-Meet me by the old oak tree, at the foot of the meadow, at dusk this even- ing. To-morrow all will be over.- Do not fail io coma. "Lovingly, H Poor, unhappy Silas Marsden? One par ozysm after another of rage and jealously convulses hi3 frame, and he utters curses lond and deep. Murder is in his heart, and it ia some time before he grows calm enough to form bia plan of action. Oat in the sunny world all is joy and glad- ness. The crickets chirp oat clear and shrill ; myriads cf birds poor forth their sweetest songs ; and the breeze, as it sweeps softly on- ward, bears apon its bosom the perfume of a thousand flowers. Bit all this brightness, all this song and happiness, arc not shared in by the miserable Marsden. His blood surges through bis veins like seething, molten fire, and his heart feels as if it would tear itself asunder. Back to the house he presently rashes, and calling his wife to him, hurriedly tells her that he has been summoned away on argent business, to be detained be doea not know how long. The innocent wife, knowing not what is in his heart, bids him good-by and wishes him success. The green eyed mon- ster, rankling in his soul, makes him fancy that Bhe smiles and hie cheerf al at his de- parture. Fearful of losing his self-control, he harries off and away through the sweet scented forest towards the village. * » » * Night, dark, gloomly night. The sky an unearthly lnrid hue ; the atmosphere heavy and oppressive; the occasional nash of lightning; the sullen mutterings of thunder among the distant hills; the soughing sigh of the wind in the tall tree-tops ; the weird wailinga of the great-throated frog3 in the river; the low flight of the' leather-winged bat, all tell of an approaching storm. Odd ! bat there, by that old oak tree, at the foot of the Marsden meadows, a man and j woman are lingering. By the Strangs light j emitted from the clouds I see them plainly. Ha is tall and handsome-she ia slight and graceful. The woman ia Silas Marsden'a wife-the man ia-well, 1 know, because I know everything-but the trembling, angry man here at my side does not. Silas Marsden and I, his constant, invisible companion, ara here behind the decaying trunk of a tree that bas been riven and blasted by the lightning's bolt. Hs is nervously clutching a gleaming j pistol, I gazing passively on. We hear the voices of the man and woman ; they are talking 16w, and, it seems lovingly. Now they are about to part. We see the maa reach oat his arms and draw the woman to his breast. Wa hear bim säy, " Farewell, my love," andhi3 lips meet hers in lingering kisses. My God ! The man at my side leaps forth rom his concealment with an awful cry such as 1 did never heard before-of mingled rage and despair; and fires his pistol several times in suacassion at the couple.^ An owl, alarmed at the unusual commotion, flaps heavily away among the trees; a dreadful i deathlike silènes now reigns; the sky as I sames a blood-red hue, and imparts to all [ objects the same horrible color. Oh, it is a terrible night, and my heart grows numb with a ghastly terror, and the very marrow freezes in my bones. Were the shots effective? Tes, very. For the man lies motionless and dead, never mov- ing after falling so violently to the ground, At a little distance from him lies the woman -the poor little woman-moaning and gasping; her white dresa all Btained and dabbled with blood; the rosebuds falling withered and dying from her golden hair, and the jewelled hands clutching convulsively at the trembling grass. Oh, it is a terrible night ! No sooner are the shots fired, than the man sees his dreadful work, than remorse seizes upon him, and he rushes to the side of the prostrate woman, and, tenderly lifting her head from the ground, pillows it npon his bosom. The great brown eyes unclose for an instant, and a ligbt'of joy illuminates them! the pale lips murmur caressingly, "my poor brother -dead-Silas, my . husband-my ' own-" But the sentence is never finished, for the sunny head falls back, the loving eyes close forever, and the spotless, innocent soul is quietly born by angel hands over the jasper sea, through the "gates ajar," to life and rest eternal. A terrible light dawns upon the unhappy murderer. With a hoarse cry of agony he rushes to the dead man, and bending low be looks closely at the upturned, rigid face. The countenance tells him an awful tale. j " My God 1" he grasps. " My wife's out- lawed brother ! £ though he was far away ! Oh, why was I so fearfully bund?" He rises from the ground and dashes like a hunted animal into thc depths of the forest. i A flash of lightning, a burst of thunder, and the threatened storm bursts forth. Ob, it is a terrible night ! « » * . A wretched wanderer in Europe, under au i assumed name, after a lapse of two years, I I again seo Silas Marsden. Over the snow j covered mountains of Switzerland, the sunny j slopes of Italy, the vine-clad hills of Ger ¡ many, the bonny vales of France, the foggy I streets of London, the gay resorts of Paris j here, there, everywhere, hs has sought the i blessed boon of peace-surcease from sorrow. But, alas! it is not granted him. A hag- gard, half-crazed man, he wanders on and on, plunging into all sorts of recklessness and debauchery, seeking for that which ia denied him. Constantly his innocent victims are with him-in the waking hours of the dread mid- night, in the full glare of the noonday sun ; in the crowded city, ia the quiet country, he sees their blood-stained forms. Hourly he curses himself and his blind jealousy. Poor man, hard, indeed, is his position ! Now we are back again in America, in the third story of a squaii i hotel in a lonely quarter cf a great city, lt is midnight, and the anniversary ofthat terrible murder in the Marsden meadows. Again a. frightful storm ia raging. For three days he has lain ! there upon that miserable cot, listening to tbe howling storm, striving ta forget the past. ! Tao hour cf midnight, rung ont by a clcsk in a neighboring belfry, is borne quiveringly by che sighing wind to his listening ear*. Tue last stroko die3 away. With tha old cry on his lips, Marsden springs from tho bed, draws a pistol from his bosom, place; ic to Í-.u iciiigie, ¿ree, and sinke to tha floor a jioody corpse. * * * . Beneath the spreading boughs of the old oak, by the river, at the foot of the Marsden nneadows, I rest again. I had certainly been asleep, and the night was now far advanced and dark aa pitch. AU was still as death save the murmuring cf the little river close by. I felt like one who bad been suffering from a terrible nightmare, and it was with difficulty that I found my way back to the village, and to my lodgings. After that I was sick for eeveral days; but the physicien said my illness was caused from lying on the damp ground. I did net tell him of my strange experience, nor of.the painful condition of my shoulder, which . lingered with me for many days. I am not a superstitious person, but 1 shall always firmly believe that tba ghost of the dead and gone Marsden returned to cartli that night and took me with him down the vale of years, and ehowed me his past life. 