CHRISTMAS ARRANGEMENTS,' All bnsineaa establishments will be open; to-night (Chrismaa Eve) as on Saturday even ings. ? Services will be held at all the churches to morrow (ChrUtmas Day), at per annonnce menta m another column. To-morrow (Christmas) night a eorrice of eong entitled ' Christie'* Old Organ' will be given at the Presbyterian Church. Mrs J. MasBio is the solo vocalist, the choruses to be taken by other ladies and gentlemen and the Snnday School children. To-night, Taylor and Onzalo'a circus will open for a short season on the block of laud opposite the Academy of Music, The com bination has a first-class reputation. On Boxing night, Air T. Empson'n Scrap Company opene at the Academy of Music. Mr Empsoa's entertainments are so well known locally for their versatility that nothing need be said in their praise. Tbe principal scd only outdoor fixture is the Half-Holiday Association's athletic gathering, held on Boxing Day, which promises to bo one of tbo best things of its kind ever held iu Hay. Anyone wishing a good day's eport should visit the Pastoral Show ground between the hours of noon and bix p,m. The Bishop of Riverina administered tho Holy Rite of Confirmation at S. Pint's Chnrch on Bunday morning. There was a large con gregatiop. Tbe candidates numbered 12, and the majority were adults. Special hymns were snng, all heartily joining, Just before the candidates received the laying on of hands the solemn hymn ' Come Holy Ghost, our Bonis inspire,' was sung, all the coogregation kneeling. The Bishop gave two addresses. In the first be spoke of the plain yet convincing evidences to the truth of the Christian faith. After the Confirmation he cave helnfal connRnl and advice on the performance ot Christian duties, and the use of means of grace, The female candidates were attired in white, with veils of a very simple and becoming design, Above the Holy table were four vases of whi:e flowers, and the altar cloth was of white and gold. The chnrch has recently bsen much im proved by various gifts; the floor at the east end is laid with linoleum ; a handsome worxed kneeling mat at the communion rails, and a brass alms dish have bren presented. Other gifts have been sent in readiness for Christmas Day, on which festival they will be used for the first time. Ah important case came on at the Bourke court, in which the Borough Council pro ceeded against the proprietor of the Western Herald newspaper for illegally taking water from the mams. Defendant alleged that the charges fixed by tho council were illegal, and refused to pay them ; bnt tendered what he deemed the legal rates. The caso was dis missed, with costs against the council. Pro ceedings are now being taken to obtain an in junction to restrain the council from catting off the supply in those cases where the rate payers declined to pay tbe rates fixed by the council in excess of the limit allowed by law. A deputation of free selectors and mem ben waited upon' the Minister for lands on Friday last, to nrge that consideration shonld be shown to selectors 'who 'are unable to pay np their instalments owing to' the droughtaud failure of crops. Messrs E. W. O'SulIivan, Chanter, Byrie, Colls, and other members, fully laid tbe case before Mr Brnnkor, who promised that he would do all in his power to see that advantage was not, taken of those selectors who were in distress and who could not pav their rents or instalments. Later on Mr Brunker asked Mr O'SulIivan to put the ease in writing, so that he might write a miaote on the matter,' This was done, and 33 members signed the request. [ Oh last Thursday the Convent School broke | up for the holidays; A good number of the parents and friends of the - school children were present, and a musical progamme, both instrumental and vocal, was gone through in a manner which reflected great credit on the pupils and their teachers. The oerformance of some of the children oh the pianoforte was excellent, and the singing was also very good, especially that of Miss A. Gardiner, who has an exquisitely sweet voice, which was heard to advantage in her song, ' The Kerry Dance.' One portion of the programme, which elicited great applause, «u a performance in drill and sword exercise by a number of rchool boys dressed in soldier'* uniform. The little fel lows acquitted themselves in a most spirited manner under the directions, of their 'field marshal,' Master Walter Donihoe, who made a first-class commander. Three little ones — Misses Phcebe Travis, May M'Cann. and Maud Terry — represented . England, Ireland, snd Scotland ; and while each one tang some verses in praise of tho .nation she repreiented, the rose, shamrock, and thistle .were exhi bited. The three little Udies were loudly applauded. After the programme had been gone through, Father Treaty addressed1 those pressnt; be congratulated the nuns and scholars on the grsst jprogress the Khool had made during the last twelve months, *nd he said that some of tbe exercises, of th. th'rd, fourth, and fifth-class children wonld do credit to any primary school in th. colony. Tbe prizes were then distributed. The children who were successful in carrying awiy prij»s were loudly cheered; by their fellows. After the distribution was over, three, cheers were given for His Lordship Dr. Dunne, the nuns, and Father Treacy.. The youngsters were then treated to a lollv f.ast by Father Treacy, which tbey hesrtily enjoyed. We have been requested to direct attention to the advertisement in another column in viting tenders for the less* of Public Water ing pbees iu this district. ? Ma. G. SAbiiiR'a photographic etudio was Broken into last, night, nud the turn of £15 Itolen, including ~a cheque for £5 drawn in savor of ' Christmas,' ana signed F. TompBon. [There is bo clue to tho thieves. Payment of fthe cheque has been stopped.; In our statement in last issne of tho prize winners in tbe rocont State School scriptural examination, tho name of Maggie Hughes was arronoauslv nrintel in dace of Massie Herkes as winnor of tho second prize in the third section of the Now Testament competition.. The Barrier Miner says ;- The great heat of the past few days has been especially severe on invalids, and has cansed more than one death. Early this morning, between 1 and 2 o'clock, Mr Frederick John Willsmer, a well-known busi ness man of the town, died at his residonce, in Blonde-street. He had been in bad health for some time past, and had been receiving medical attention; Dr. Smith, who had charge of the case, gives apoplexy as the cause of death, and thinks that the heat of the weather assisted the seizure. Mr Wills mer had been subject to epileptic fits lately, and his case is said to have been of the class known to the medical profession under the term 'status epilepticus,' Ho was only 30 years of age ; was married, but had no children. He was well known in the northern parts of Victoria, where he was associated with a large firm of auctioneers. In.this town be followed the occupation of an auctioneer and general agent. It is understood that his life was insured for £500. The Government have determined that £165.000, being the amount of the refund of rent due to pastoral tenants, shall be paid at once. -The refands will' be made from' tbe date of division of the holding on all accounts overpaid. All claimants will receive tbe amounts due to them on application to tbe Treasury. The matron of the hospital acknowledges with thanks; old linen from Mrs Watt ; milk from Mrs M'Dougall ; flowers and fans, with Christmas cards, from Mrs Cherry ; flowers from Mrs Fascber ; fans, with Christmas cards, from Miss Pritchard ; Sowers from Mrs Linton j halfrdozen pictures framed by Mr Hairison ; box of groceries from Mrs M'Donald; five years' collection of the graphic from Mr Taylor ; Christmas cake from Mrs Vlaeminck ; a case: with an assortment of wine, spirits, and groceries. Visitors to tbe Hospital will receive a hearty welcome to morrow. The institution has been nicely deurated with evergreens and pictures, and presents a very attractive ap pearance. The following officers of the police force were, this morning appointed collectors for the electoral list of tbe Balranald electorate Philip Smith, James Harper, John Quirk, James L; White, Thomss Hurst, James W. Jamieson, Bartholomew Hyn es. Mn Lakeju.v is to move in the Assembly on Tuesday, 8th January — That this House is of opinion that payment of members should be provided for in the Appropriation Act. The tendere for the works required at. the Hay gaol were opened by tho Tender Board at Sydney last week, when that of Mr R. W. Duncan was found to be the lowest. A esssiTiOMUi accident occurred at Messrs Fay and Maclure's establishment this morning, which might have been attonded with conse quences of a very much more serious nature. Miss Mirtin, milliner at the establishment, was passing through the workroom, in which was a gas-stove standing but a short distance from the floor. The lady was wearing a white maslin dress, and on passing the stove it was ignited by the flame. Miss Martin, with great presence of mind, threw herself on tbe floor, and Miss Boswell, another employee, went to her assistance. The flames were soon put ont, Miss Martin being burned about the arms and having her hair singed. Miss Boswell also received a painful bnrn on tho arm, and was so unnerved by the occurrence that she had a succession of hysterical fits, which necessitated her removal home, where ?ho is now confined to her room. Miss Martin was able to resume her duties immediately afterwards. While the circus band was coming down Lochlan-street this morning in full blast, the horse attached to Messrs Fay and Maclure's dray was startled, and bolted down the street at a gallop. The wheel of the dray was locked, which somewhat checked the horse's speed. It bolted as far as the Post Office, where it was stopped by Mr H. Robertson. No damage was sustained by either horse or cart. It is notified in the Gazette that the assess ment leviable under the 19 th section of the Rabbit Nuisance Act of 1883 has been fixed at the minimum rates for the year 1889, viz: — On all horses or cattle or horses and cat tle ex ceeding 200 head belonging to the same owner per head l£d; on all sheep exceeding 1000 be. longing to the same owner, per sheep ^d. With this issue is published a special illus trated Christmas supplement. In our fourth page will be found the third of the stories contributed for our Christmas competition ; and other interesting matter. ' As Mr W. R. Pennycaok, the district agent for the Australian Mutual Provident Society is now staying at Tattersall'e Hotel, our residents have an opportunity of assuring in this, th* oldest life assurance society in the colonies, and tbe only colonial office which divide* tbe whole of tbe profits annnally amongst its members. All policies taken out before tbe end of this month will participate in the profits for this year. — [Advt.j 