CHAPTER XL AND LAST. uvw AT LAST I FOUND MI IIBVESQE AND IBB OBEAT R08I. ' Speak—epeak (a me 1 Oh, look up and tell mi yon are not dead.’ Down through the mitty defiles and dark gates of Ue Veil«r of the Shadow of Death came tbeee word* faintly ai though ipoken far away. 80 diatani did they seem that my ere* opened with vagne expectation of another world; opened and then wearily closed agata. Foe al Gret tber stared into a heaven of do<l grey, with but a ahadow betweea them and coloutlee* apace. Then ther opened once more, and then the shadow caught their attention. What was it; What waa I, and how camel to be staring upward sol llet the problem be, and fell hack into the easeful lap of unconsciousness. Teen the voice spoke again : * Ha is living pet,' it said. * Ob, if be woald bat speak 1' This time I saw more dUtinctlr. Two ere* wet* looking into mine—a woman’* ere*. Where had I reen that face before ? Snrelr I had known it once in soma other world. Theneomebow over my weary mind stole the knowledge that this was Mrs. Luttrell—or was it Claire ? No, Claire was dead. ' OUir* dead 1' I assmsd to repast to mrself ; bat how dead or wnere I oonld not recall. ' Claire dead 1' than ibis must bo her motner, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was ijiog h*re, with Clairs’* mother bending over me. How cam* ws sol What had happened, that —and once more the ahadow of oblivion awept down and enfolded ms. She was still there, kneeling beside me. chafing mr hendt, and everr now and tbgn speaking words of tender solioitnde. How whiten*r heir was! It need nut to be so white aathia. And where was 11 ting ! Id a boat? How mr head was aching I Then remembtanoccam* back. Strange to tell, it began with Claire's death in tbs theatre, and tbenca led downward in broken and interrupted train nntU Colllver’e face enddenly started np befure me, end I knew I raised mrielf ea my elbow. Ur brain was throbbing intolerably, and every pulsa tion seemed to shoot fire into mr temple*. Alto otber bands of dr* were clasped about mr arm and: wrists. So acutely did they burn tbatT fell beck with a low moan end locked helplessly at Ur*. Luttrell. Although it bad been snowing, her bonnet wee thrust back from her face and hang by its ribbon* which were tied beneath' her chin. Tfaa bteexs was playing with her di--> ordered hair—hair now white as the snow flake* upon it, though grey when last I had seen it—but il brought no colour to her face. As she bant over me to place her shawl beneath my bead, I taw that her blue eyes ware strangely bright and prominent. * Thank God, yon ata alive I Dost the bandage pain yon 1 Can you move? I lathly pat my hand up and felt a hand kerchief bound round my bead. * 1 waa afraid—oh, to afraid 1—that I had bean too lata. Yet God only knows how I got down into your boat—in lima—and with out.hit easing mo, 1 knew what he woald do—I was llileclng behind the partition!all tbo tiets ; hut I was afraid ha would kill yon first,’ ‘ Then—you hoard? ’ I heard alL Ob, if I warn only.a man— bat oah yen stand? Art yon better now I For.We must lose no time.’ I weakly etared a| bar in anewer. * Don’t yon nat If yen can eland and walk,-aa I pray yoo aaa, there is no time to be. lows Mominwi* already breaking, and by this evening yon moat catch him.’ . 1 Caleb ttyin ?. 1 Y-e.iee. Hehaagobe-rgonetocatcbthe first tra<n for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man’* Bock to-night Quick! tee it yon cannot rim.* I sat np. The water had dripped from m*,‘ forming a grant pool at our and ot ihe boat -• la it aba eras kneeling, and beside her lay' a heavy knife and Ma oorO* with which Simon CoUiverbad bannd.ua, ' 'Yes,' I said, 11 will follow. When does the finl train team Paddington ? * * At a qnartw.pasl she antwared,' and it ie n«w abont'balf pMt.B. Yon have time to catch il; but trust disguise yourself first. Ha will travel by it; there it no train bebie. Come, let me row yon ashore.’ With Ml* sbenntiad the punter, got,out the teal!*, set down upon the thwart oppo site, and began, to pell desperately for shore. I wondered at her strength and skill with the ’Ah,* aha said, ‘I tea at what yon art wondering Bemamber that I waa a sailor’s wife ooee, and wnbont strength how should I havw dragged you on board this boat ?’ ; 'Howdidyoamanigeit? ’I cannottelL -1 only know that I heard a enla-h as I wait'd nnder the buss there, aodihen bigan with my hand*<ofaod tbs boat .aroond .the tchwner f r daaf lif*. I bad to be vary silent At first I oou'd see nothing, fag it was dark towards tne snore; bn> I cried to Heav*j to -par* yon for ten*, seance' oh. that mao,' and ihen I saw soma, thine blank lying across the w>rp, and knew It wm yon. ■ I* gave n strong pash, ■ then rnshed to tha bowe and canght you by the hair. I got yen round by the aiarn ea gently a* I could, sad then polled y n onboard somehow—I cannot remember exactly how 1 did41*'- • ■■■'■■ r :=•-.• -,r • . ’ Did he •** yon V . 'No, for/ho moat bavegon* below directly. I Mwad aador the ahadow of the lighter ti which we wet* tied Ja<l now, and at I did *o thoaght I koard hiat calling me by name: Hi most bars forgotten me, and then suddenly remamhendtnatagy*t I.had not a<v*a hm the mooes. However, presently I heard hm 'geriiag into hie boat and rowing ashore i Hi cmaeqaiieeloieto ai—eo clou that! oonlt hear, him caning, apd sronched down ig tb thadow fov fear of my life.' Bat heposeei on, and g«k out at the ntsoe yonder. It wa ■newiagat tha tima,aalthathalpedm.*. * n iw? ta too? fo?5h«’„ r 14 °*n,|ot h*»» been for r we" ,'rt «>. •onarsIhsd hoard, ^S^'- 01 "»•» MW. • Yoi llwilr^hnt I**' 1 ‘‘•"d-’ 8h« nodded simply: bat her ay*, sought mine. and in * gjsatu that nut ms atari, flMM* bo*4 J^aohad at a moalderlog bl& waLr'mitl orujtad with grasa ooze to gun water mark, aod oorered aoir with aaow. She mad-: fait tbs boat. • Tm^VTU? ?*Lh* weBt-’ah* muttered, him, track him to hia daatb i spare ndM.!2i« "w® ,pt0? *° (bat death odHrable. H.r low voice poeitit sly trembled wttb concentrated bate. ' Stay,' she said! have jroa money t I inddenly remsmbersd that I had siren ail mS Ih!!!£*.0rf *?8.5f> lot (ettinc out my boat, And told her so. At the same ItUUriM^.! «!*0fcS.ht.npon “• ‘ln *»ok £;bo*ta ,Mro-1 «•»* r ' H*” ?■ “oney/ she said ; * money that f bara «iren him. Fifty potxnda it it, in notee. Taka it all * * Ba| you ?* I h- eiteied w,£rj\aia* “V T‘k(’ i»r*»k« >* »>'• bimV’ ° "®n* Wl*b mon*f if Ton only kill I bant and kiaaed her hand. . Hwrenia my witness,' I .aid, it shall be bis life or mue. The aoaloionaof oa •ba|l never tee to-morrow.’ Her hand was cold aa ice, and her pale face never obanged * Kill nim,' the said, simply, .1 tamed, and climbed tba steps. By this time day had broken, and the eatt wet streaked with angry flu-bea of crimson. The wiud swept through my dripping clothes and froze my aching limoe to the marrow Uo toe river came Heating a heavy pall of (on. 0Bt which the masts showed like grisly skeletons. The aaow storm baa not quite ceased, and a stray flake or two came brnih Kv/f™**107 ttC9' 3° d,Wnai1 Christmas j -A* I gamed the top, I tamed to look down. She waa still standing there, watching mo. fleeing me look, she waved her arms, and I bj-ard bar hoarse whisper, ’Killhim! Kill him 1 Kill him 1' I left her standing so, and turned away ; bat in the many ghosts that hannt my solitary days, not the least vivid is the phantom of this whi e-h&ired; woman on the Plr0t. *n^. river, eternally beckoning, ' Kill him 1’ *■ I found myself in a yard etrawn with timoer, sparsand refuse, hell hiddea beneath the snow. From it a flight of rickety stone steps led to » tottiug door, and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, pondering on my next step. Not a eonl wo* abroad so early ; but I mast quickly get a change of olithsa somewhere ; at prerent I stood in my torn drees trousers and soaked shirt. I pasted op the etreet, my thoeleaa feet making the hist prints in the ne«lr '■“Ian snow. Too first f No ; for when I looked mote closely I sew other footprints, already half ooliterated, leading op the street. These must bo Simon Collivor'e. I followed them for shout a hundred yards past the ehnt'ered windows. Suddenly they tamed into a shop door, and then seemed to leave it again. The ehop was closed, and abovo it hang three balls, each covered now with a euowv CAp, Above, the blind® wtto drawn down, ! hut on looking again, I saw a chink of light between the shatters. I knocked. After a short pause, the doot was opened. A red-eyed, villainous face peered oat, and easing me, grew blank with wonder. What do you want ?' inquired at length the voice belonging to it. 1 To bay a fresh suit of clothes. See, I I have fallen into the river.' Mattering something beneath his breath, the pawnbroker opened hia door, and let me into the shop. It was a dingy nest, fitted up with the nsnal farm tare of such a place. The one dim candle threw a ghostly light on chain. clocks, compasses, trinkets, saucepans, watches, piles of china, and amts of lefi-off clothes arrayed like rows of suicide* along the wall. A general air of decay hong over the den. Immediately opposite me, as I entered, a staffed parrot, dropping slowly into dost, glared at me with one malevolent eye of glass, while a bideons Chinese idol, behind the oonnter, poked out his tongas in a frenzy of malignity. Bat my eye wandered past these, and was fixed in a moment upon some thing that glittered upon the counter. That something was my own watch. Following my gaze, the man gave me a quick, suspicious glance, hastily caught up toe watch, and- was bestowing it on one of bis shelves, whan I said— ' Where did yon get that 7' ' Quite inoocently, air, I swear. I bought it of a gentleman who came in jnst now. and would not pawn it. I thought it was hie, so that if yon belong to the Force, I hope-' " Gently, my friend,” said I; ‘ I am not in the polioe, so yon need not be in inch a fright. Nevertheless, that watch is mine ; 1 can tell yon the number, if yon don’t believe it.’ He poshed the watch actow to me and ■aid. still greatly frignteoed— ‘ 1 am sure yon may see it, sir, with all my heart. I wouldn't for worlds——’ • What did yon give for it T He hesitated a moineut, and then, a* greed overmastered fear, replied— 'Fifteen pounds, air; and the man would not take a peony lees. Fifteen good pounds 1 I swear it, ae I am alive I' Although I Saw that the man lied, I drew out three five-pound notes, laid them on the table, and took my watch. This done, I ' Now I want yon to asll me a suit of clothes, and aid me to disguise myself. Otherwise—-' ' Don’t talk, sir, about " otherwise.'' I'm ■are I shall be only loo glad to tig yon out to catch tho thief. You can take your pick of <he suite here; they are mostly seamen's, to be sure; bnl you’ll find others a* well. While, as for disguises, I flatter myself for getting np a face——' Here he stopped suddenly. ‘Howloeghasbe been gone! ' About hslf aa boat before yon came. Bat nodoabt yoa know where he'd be likely to go; and I won’t be mere than twonty minntet setting yon completsly to rights.' In less than hall an hour alter weld* I stepped, ont into the street so completely disguised that none of my friends—that is if I had possessed a friend tn the world—would bare reoognieed me. I had chosen a ■ailor’a •nit, that being the character I kuaw myself beat able to sustain. Hy pale faoe had turnsd to a brooze-rad. while over its smoothly ■haven sarfae* now grew the songheat of untriam*d beards. „ Snow waa felling still, so,that Colliver'e footprints were entirely obliterated- Bat I wanted them no longer. He wonld bo at Paddington, l knew ; ‘ end accordingly I turned my feat in ihat direc tion, end walked repidly westward. ; My chase had began. I had before me plenty of time in which to reach Paddington, and the ex-rciseof walking did me good, relaxing my eiiilenedl limba until at length I scarcely felt the pain of the weals where the cords had cat me. It waa snowing persistently, bat I' hardly uotioed it Through the chill and snUen morning I held doggedly on my way, past St Katharine'* Wharf, the Tower, through G-acechnrch street, and ont into St. Peal's Churchyard. Traffic was already beginning here, and thickened as I passed down Ladgata Hill aod climbed up to Holbbrn. Already.the white snow was being churned and trodden into bideons slosh in which my feet lipped and stumbled. My coat and sailor's : cap were covered with powdery flakes, and I.bad to hold my bead down for fear lest.the drilling moisture should wash any of the colonring off my face; So my feet carried me once m"te into Oziotd street. How well remembered waa every house, every lamp post, every flag of the pavement almoat 1 I wu on my last qu-at now. 'To-night! to-eight!' whispered mr heart; then came back tha words of Claire's mother—' Kill him 1 Kill him 1* aod still ] ramped westward, aa westward 1st . ms revenge. . Suddenly a hansom cab shot past. V came op silently on the alnahy etreet, aod l< waa only wbsn it w-s dose behind that 1 beard the mailed sound of its wheels.. II was early yet for cabs, so that I tamed mi bead at the sound It passed in a flash, ant gavt me but a glimpse of the oocnpant; oni in that moment I had time to catch eightof i pair of eyes, and knew now that my Jonmej would not he in vain. They were the ajsi of Simon Colliver. So then in Oxford attest, after all, I hat mat him. He was cleverly disguised—eel goesiod by the same hands that had paiotei my own face, and looked to the carnal eyi bat an ordinenbasman. Bat art coaid no change those marveilona eyee, and I kner him'in aa instant My haert leapt wlldl; fora moment—my band* ware clenched am my saeth. thus tight; bat the next I iwe plodding after him as before, I coaid wai Mf. , -V__ ... i - . (to «i coxnxsisd < 