THU AUSTRALIAN RACK.* Tbe several relationships of the natives < Australia, in their social Intercourse are < Uve kinds : first are those of the family second, of the tribe; third, between assc elated tribes ; fourth, of neighbours who bi long to different associations ; and fiftt which exist between persons not included i the above headings. Consideration of the syi tem of pulity embracing these is very su{ jrestive. In the family tho husband is a autocrat, who rules more by fear than love His wife is bis chattel, whom he may knoc about as he obooses, so long as be does no kill ber. He can swap ber for anothe woman, or lend her to a friend. Â husbam is restrained from killing his wife, becaus ber brothers or kindred would be avenged 01 bis tribe. They might not kill him, bu they might dispose of one of his companion! «md then he would be made uncomfortable It is not always, however, a woman's friend risk their own lives to avenge ber death The father decides whether a newly.bon babe shall live or die. In their myall or will ?tate blacks find little children cumbersome because they have always to be ready to fie from enemies. The husband never carrie the child, and whi n the mother has a littl toddler she must either sacrifice it or the wa stranger : she cannot scud through the bus) with both. Tho fotiW say« which is to die and the poor mother, with all her tender feel fogs wrung, must seek a secret spot and tiki its life. The father disposes of his daughters auch a thing as the sentiment of love is not re fjarded of any account. The tribal relation ships are governed by the special lawB of eacl tribe ; and if a man violates these he musl «mt and run, or fight his fellows- be killed ir ?hort. A strong feeling of brotherhood existí among tbe men of each tribe. Then tribei enter into offensive and defensive treaties, they do not readily tight with each other, and unite their forces in times of peril, Families of associated tribes pay visits to eacb other ; when they quarrel they fight fair, in daylight, and do cot resort to stratagem ; marriages take place between them, and when parties meet they bold a corroboree. The fourth relationship-that of associations to tMsooiatione-is of au equivocal character. When parties meet they make a display ol good feeling, and occasionally exchange wives and daughters, but the least thing raises a quarrel, and fe ts the. spears flying. They Íiratice.witchcraft against each other, as they ear to live in open hostility continually. Those who are entirely strangers, regard each other as declared enemies, and seek each other's lives. A blackfellow, who invades the territory of n strange tribe, takes his life iu his hand, unless he be accompanied by white meo, and even then be is net safe. The land is held in common by the members of a ti Hw, though sometimes it is divided into portions each held by one man. Boundaries are not marked. When a father dies bis sons inherit : woman cannot be landholders, In the event of a man dying ohildless his land -which mty amount to several theusand acres- belongs to the tribe. Land-holding, however, Mr. Curr thinks ie a survival from Other times, " and leads to tho inferenoe that the ancestors of the race had been cultivators of the soil, prior to their lauding in this con- tinent." Aa to other sorts of property, such as weapons, implements, ornaments, and so forth, they belong to the individual possessors. The women, however, make their own ditty bags, Ac, and a husband dare not destroy or dispose of them. The numerical strength of tribes ís i fluenced by circumstances, where food sod water are abundant one may nave five hundred members ; in starvation quarters the tribe mav not contain more than live and twenty individuals. Though meo must .rnawy each out of his own tribe, the women alway* count kin with their parental tribe. The devices to which the natives of different tribes have resorted to secure the absence of blood relationship between persons marrying, are very curious and complex alie women bear, on an average, six children, but, as a rule, they only rear two boy« and one sirl, The^hlldren are kindly treated. When fae ls about eight years of age the boy's educa- tion ls oommettccd, sea be is taught tribal lore, and impressed with ideas of sorcery sud witchcraft. At that age the little lad leaves his father's tent, and has to shift for himself very much, fie gets his nose pierced, is restricted to cer- tain diet, loset hts birth-name, and it called *'jtbtv boy." He has some of hi* teeth knocked oat ; ls gashed and scarred on the chest i and at last has to snbmit to the terrible rite.as a prelude to admission to manhood. Then he can marry. Bot in some tribes a acanita av not eat urbain food till be la thirty years ola. -Ciroumoition is praotised in many tribes.. The imposition of the terrible rite ta a mystery of whioh we have no exact know- ledge,; Only men take part in it: the young ferlova auie caught, and operated upon against .heir willa : tome die from the injury in- flicted. Lads sometimes flee to friendly tribes,.and lire there till the period of lils has passed within whioh the terrible rite may tolmpoeed. Cannibalism was praotised by some of tha blacks ;'others hive denied retorting to lt. In a great many oases, however, the «nen, to gratify revenge and a feeling of triumph, would eat of the fat of a fallen foe. Females w«re'.never .permitted to eat haman flesh. Barter existed among the wild tribes : stone tor tomahawks, ochre for painting being gi ven, for gum, pitcher!, and grass tree for tinder. They cooked their food with fire and bot ashes, using a piece of , bark., aa >. platter. They were genuine abstainers from all liquors, save water. . Sonsetimes they melted a little gum or manna, «and drank the weak concoction. Wars , srmoog tribes .were occasioned by the injury of a> member ot one tribe by soother s by the ab . doottoO'of st woman ; l'y the refusal of one Komited in marriage; by hunting on neigh ops' land,' &c.; The hostile forces usually met tn battle array, and went, for each other «sith spear, and dab, sod boomerang, When several of the men had' been seriou-ly -wounded, the women rushed in and «topped the fighting. Not infrequently, after all wa« o vex,.the warriors danced and sang st night in a grand corroboree. When strange tribes aient to war the members made midnight raids on each other's camps, and surprised and anew their enemies. A ationg tribe will thus extirpate or scatter a weak one. There are several widely-spread modes of burying, the dead. When a man dies he is tnade into a compact corpse. His limbs are -doubled np against his doily. His head is forced between bis kDecs ; hiB arms are laid fiat along his sides. When thus prepared the body is wrapped in skin rugB or soft hark, mud buried three feet deep io soft ground. Logs are laid over the lote earth ta prevent the grave being disturbed by dogs: sometimes at little cenotaph is erected. "The object sought |n tying up the remains of the dead is to prevent the deceased from «soaping from the tomb, and frighten- ing or injuring survivors. The more nearly related and the more influential in life, the more decease is feared." The bodiei of women and children were buried without preparation or ceremony. Blackfellows had st great dread of ghosts. Wheo a man had been dead some years, his ghost was no longer feared. In some parts ol Australia the corpse was made into a mummy by basting before a fire ; in others, it was placed on a stage on posts, or on the branches of a tree. After the flesh had decayed in the latter case, the bones ware taken down, cleaned, carried about by a woman, and eventually deposited in the hollow of a tree. Th-- corroboree bas fre- quently been described, and Mr. Curr says of it : *' Savage and objectionable as the .nie Australian Ra« : Us origin, languages, ena toms place et landlog In Australia, and tontes by whlcb it soretMl Itself orer that Continent. By Edward M. Carr author ot "Pure Saddle Horses," and " Becol lecUoot of flquastlsg In Victoria." In tour volumes. Malbooma. John Ferres. Government Fruiter, tsm «tactabtweadOo., bälget« BU, Uss. corroboree ie, lt has played an im- portant part in the past o' the Australian race, (or it tended strongly to keep up com- munication between the tribes." A great point in it as a medium of reconciliation is, that it excludes, for the most part, explana- tions, questions, and reflections." The tribes bad systems of signalling each other by columns of smoke, and a stick with a bunch of grass tied to tho end of it, beside, tbe ashes of a deserted fire, showed in which way the last visitors had gone. Both men and women adorned themselves by gashing their bodies, and rubbing io wood ashes ; by wearing glittering shells, tufts of hair and dog's tails, strips of skin fur out, and feathers. They had little inclination to art, but made rude pictures on the walls of caves, and on sheets of bark. Where food was abundant the men amused themselves carving their weapons. Their dwellings we are familiar with ; each family basai but. The men usually fished, hunted, and fought. They made their own weapons -spearB, shields, boomerangs, throw-sticks, and clubs. Tbe women collected and cooked vegetable?, made twine ¿od thread, sewed skins for cloaks with a bone needle, and knitted baga and nets. On thc march she carried her household utensils with her, sod these consisted of a lighted torch of wood or bark, sod s pointed eagling five feet long called "a yam stick." The women had some sense of decency j the men very little. The morality of the blacks woe of a low type, though they had some ideas of right and Wrong. Murder, infanticide, adultery, lying, and theft were regarded as wrong. Mr. Curr gives many interesting details of the marriage cuelo ruy of tho natives, and of their weapoue of war and the chase. His interesting chap- ters on these subjects arc full of quaint and curious information. The vocabularies with which tbe work concludes will be nf per- manent value and interest. Mr. Curr's work hos been recently added to the School of Arts Library, and ought to be read by all who can still study on our streets members of the fast disappearing Australian «see. 