CHURCH OF ST. JOHN, BAPTIST, BULIMBA, , LAYING THE FIRST BLOCK The first block of the Church of St. John the Baptist, Bulimba, was laid on Saturday in the presence of a large number of people. The site for the church was gaily decorated with bunting, and a couch with a number of chairs and forms had been arranged in ti square for the convenience of those present. Tho organ used in the services which have been conducted in the School of Arts, was also placed in a prominent position, while in the space were the Ven. Archdeacons Dawes and Matthews, Canon Glennie, and a number of the clergy. The ceremony of laying tho block was per- formed by Lady Musgrave, and the services were conducted by the Ven. Archdeacons Dawes and Matthews, the organ being presided over by Miss Griffith. After the devotional exercises, usual on such occasions, Lady Musgbave approached the block and said, " To the glory of God, and in the memory of St. John the Baptist, we lay this first block, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.""" The block having been duly laid, the Ven. Archdeacon Dawes said, "Here let true faith, the fear of God, and true love ever abide; this place is consecrated to the worship of God and to the instruction of the young, to the honour and glory of the name of Jesus Christ our Lord." Archdeacon Dawes then addressed thoso as- sembled. He said it was a matter for regret that the Bishop was not with them because as one who had the welfare of the diocese at heart he would have been much encouraged by the work in which they were engaged. He believed the occasion was quite unique in the history of the Church of England in the colony. Here they would have a building which he had every reason to bolieve would be opened free of debt. They should be very thankful that it was so, and as a body of church people they were very much indebted to a few who had taken a special interest in the work. There were four, at least, whoso names he must refer to, because it was chiefly to those four they wore able to do that day what they did. One of them was Mrs. Coxen, to whom he might say was due the site. The present site was not the aim originally selected, which was in a more elevated position, but it was not in a public thoroughfare as the present one was. It was with a tone of sadness that he referred to another who had taken a deep interest in the work-the late Mr. Walsh. Mr. Edward Griffith and Mr. Cairncross had also nobly come forward. It was one thing to promote a church from the outside, and another to get a church tho production of the people who live in the district. Was it not then a matter of fact that the present, work had been begun in a right way and on a right principle. The block of the church had been laid long ago in the hearts of the people, and it was the outcome of the efforts of a little body of people who had met for worship in the School of Arts, that they had gathered togother that day to witness the commencement of a building to be erected to tho memory of St. John the Baptist. He hoped he might take their actions in the past as an augury of the future, and that they would prepare the way of one greater than John the Baptist-the way of Jesus Christ. He prayed that not only the name of John the Baptist might attach to the church, but also his spirit and his power. It was customary at times to mark a special occasion or event by the planting of a tree. They were not planting a tree, but they were, in a humble simple way, planting what they might take as a tree-the tree of life-, knowledge, and word, which, he prayed, would grow in the minds of the people us they lived and worked, grew and prospered, and which would stand as a witness for God. Mr. Edward Griffith then gave a state- ment of the finances, and during his remarks said they had in hand about £550 towards the church, the lowest tender for the construction of which was £600. This tender would probably be accepted, and when completed he had no doubt their church would be opened free of debt. The offertories were then taken up, after which a hymn was sung and the proceedings terminated with the Benediction. The greater number of the visitors drove to Mr. Edward Griffith's residence, where they partook of that gentleman's hospitality. 