THEl oUUTLAW OF TUN STALL FOREST:' A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WORLD, Br ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Author'ofl" Tseure Island," Hte. SBOOS I. ' THE TWO LADS. ``(' CHAPTER VII. ' THE HOODED VIACE. e Thea awoke in the grey of the morning; tie birds were not yet in fuall song, but . twittered here and there among the woods ; At?e sun was not set up, but the eastern eky was barred with solem, colours. Half starved and overweary as they were, they lay without moving, sunk in a delightful laasi. tude. And as they thus lay, the clang of a bell fell suddenly upon their ears. 'A bell I' said Dick, aettinr up. , Can we .be, then, so near to Holywood ! A little after, the bell clanged again, but this time s,,mewhat nearer hand; and from t,?hat time forth, and still drawingnearer and nearer, it continued to sound brokenly abroad in the silence of the morning. ' Nay, what should this betoken ?' said 'I)k, who was now broad awake. : ' It is some one walking,' returned S:'lMattcam, ' and the belt tolleth ever as he oyves.' -' I see that well,' said Dick. ' But where fore Y What maketh he in Tunstall Woods ? ''TJack,' he added, ' laugh at me anye will, but 'like not the hollow sound of it.' 'Nay,' said Matcham, with a shiver, 'it ??Bath a doleful note. An the day were not *ocome--' But just then the bell, quickening its pace, began to ring thick and nurried, and then it .gave a single' hammering jangle, and was silent for a space. It :liass thoa4o the bearer had run for a '-pater.nosetr wbhle, and then leaped the river,' Dick observed. '. And now beginneth he. 'again to pace ." :soberly forward,' added Matcham. : . 'Nay,' returned Dick -' nay, not so 21 -soberly, Jack. Tie a man that walketh you c :'right speedily. 'Tie a man in some fear of his S-..life, or about some hurried business. See ye .: not how swift the beating draweth near 2' S'It is now close by,' said Matcham. They were now on the edge of the pit ; snd 'as the pit itself was on a certain eminence, e- 'they commanded a view over the greater .proportion cf the clearing, up to the thick woods that closed it in. The daylight, which was very. clear and grey, showed them a riband of white foot dpath wandering among the gorse. It passed .,) some hundred yards from the pit, and ran the whole length of the clearing, east and west. By the line of its course, Dick judged it should lead more or less directly to the moat House.. Upon this path, stepping forth from the margin of the wood, a white figure now ,appeared. It paused a little, and seemed to ltok about and then, at a slow pace, and bent almost double, it began to draw near across the heath. At every step t,,he bell clanked Face, it had none ; a,- .white hood, not even pierced with ye.'holes, veiled the head; and as the ,.. ature moved, it seemed to feel its way with the tapping of a stick. Fear fell upon the lade, as cold as death.' 'Aleper I' said Dick, hoarsely. "' His touch is death,' said Matcham. ' Let ,u run.' , 'Noteo,' returned Dick. 'Seeye not ? he is stone blind. He guideth him with a , staff. LJt as lie still; the wind bloweth towards the path, and he will go by and hurt us not. Alas, poor soul; and we should ether pity him.' ' Iwill"Piity him when he is by,' replied Matcham. ,f"'The blind leper was, now about half-way • "towarde them, and just then the son (I rose and shone full on his veiled face. He ~'had been a tall man before be was bowed by his disgusting sickness, and even now he walked with a vigorous step. The dismal beating of his bell, the pattering of thestick, " the eyelees screen before his countenance, and the knowledge that he was not only doomed to death and suffering, but shut out for ever from the touch of his fellow men, filled the lads' bosoms with dismay; and at every step that brought him nearer, their courage and strength seemed to desert hsbem. As he came about level with the pit, he used, and turned his face full upon the .. Mary he my shield I -He sees us I' said r; atcham, faintly. S..Hush I' whispered Dick. ' He doth but tOp:V'larken. He is blind, fool.' J'~ The leper looked or listened, whichever he ''Was really doing, for some seconds. Then he began to move on again, but presently pannsed once more, and again turned, and seemed to gaze upon the lads Even Dick became dead white and closed his eyes, as If -by the mere eight he might become infected. e -lBut soon the bell sounded, and this tme. without any fur'her hesitation, the leper I uosseed the remainder of the little heath and disappeared into the covert of the woods. ' He saw us,' said Matcham. 'I could " TIus I returned Dick, recovering some ,.sparks of courase. 'He but heard ns. He .-;,i~ in fear, poor souL An ye were blind "'d walked in a perpetual night, ye would start yourself, if ever a twig rustledor a bird skied " Prep. ' 'Dick, good Dick, he saw us,' repeated -:datcham. '.When a man harkenoth, be S4obth not as this man; he doth other -ti?use, Disk. This was seeing ; it was not ? rig. He means foully. Hark else, if J"- ebell be oat stopped 1' Such was the case. The bell rang no Nonger. 'Ny,' said Dick. 'I like no that. Nay,' he cried again, 'I like that little. What may this betoken ? Let us go. by the mac' I' " He hath gone east,' added Matcham. r -.`Good Dick, let us go westward straight. I :c-hal not breathe till I have my back turned ,irpon t?iat leper.' 'Jack, y' are too cowardly,' replied Dick. '" We shall sofair for Holywood, or as fair, e jt lease, as I can guide you, and that will be •!'l4e nortti.' i hey Tbsp were afoot at once, passed the e'ream upon some etepping-satones, and tbegan to mount dn the other side, which was Iteper, towards the margin of the wood 'The ground became very uneven, full of p knolls and hollows; and trees grew scat tored or in clumps; it beoame difficult teo dboose a path, and the lade somewhat wan c]pred. ThLey were weary, besides, with ;:sterday's exertiono and the lack of food., a''nd they moved but heavily and dragged ? their feet among the sand. SPresently, coming to the top of a knoll, -lhey were aware of the leper, some hundred Sfeet in front of them, crossing the line of their march by a hollow. His bell was , silent, hie staff no longer tapped the ground. n·'d he went before him with the swift and l' ared footsteps of a man who sees. S'Ctt momenthe had disappeared intoa little i'thleket. SThe lads, at the first glimpse, had cronuched behind a taft of gores ; there they lay, horror struck. 'Certain, he parsueth nus,' said Dick '"Ortain I He held the clapper of his bell in ''?n h band, saw re, that it should not s ound. Now may the saints aid and guide : for I have no strength to combat pesti 'lhice I' ; , What maketh he t' cried Matchbom. .''.What doth he want ? Who ever heard the \- ie , that a leper, out of mere malice, Should purnsue unfortunates Hatlh he no lashell to that very end, that people mar 'void him? Dick, there is below this "" nomethihg deeper.' 'Nay, I care 'not,' moaned Dick ; ' the strength is gone oat of me; my legs are like water. The saints be mine aesletane I' ' Would ye lie there idle ?' cried Matcham. Sie, as bhoak into the open. We have the better chance; he cannot steal upon us "enawares.' 'Not I,' said Dick. 'My time la come, and eradeenture he may pass Us by.' ' Bend me then your bow I' crieditheother. SWhat I Will ye be a man ?' Dick crossed himself. SWoold ye have me shoot uponaleper?' he g~ied. 'The hand would fail me Nary, no.' as added-' nay, now, let be I With sound men I will fight, but not with ghosts and ltpers. Which thle is, I wot nor. One or other. Heaven bhe our protection I' 'Now,' said lMatcrham,' if this be mast's .gorage, what a poor thing is man 1 But alth ye will do nought, let us lie close.' Then came a single, broken jangle on he bell. 'He hath missed his hold upon the 'lapper,' whispered Mlatcham. 'Saints, how Inear he is I' Bat Dick answered novo r a word ; hise teeth were nsrohattering. There is no man brave 'il ronnd; and the horror of this pursuit by a hooded leper had found the weak place in young Shelton'e armour. Boon ,hey seaw a pelace of the white robe 'between some bhnushes, then the leper's head was thrust forth from behind a trank, and Peblhhbed by special srrageoesel with the gathe. he sevinel tiarr'rwy to seait the aelgbboar. hood before he once again withdrew. To their stretched senses, the whole bsh appeared alive with rastlings and the oreak of twiges, and they heard the beating of each other's hears. Suddenly, with a cry, the leper sprang into the open close by, and ran straight upon the lade. They shrieking aloud, separated, and began to run different ways. But their horrible enemy fastened upon Mateham, ran him swiftly down, and had him almoast instantly a prisoner. The' lad gave one scream that echoed high and far over the forest' be had one spasm of struggling, and then all his limbs relaxed, and he fell limp into his captor's arms. Dick heard the cry and turned. He saw Matcham fall ; and on the instant his spirit and strength revived. With a cry of pity and anger he unstrung anrd bent his arbiast. But ere he had time to shoot the leper held up his band. ' Hold your shot, Dickon I' cried a familiar voice. ' Hold your shot, mad wag, Know ye not a friend ?' And then laying down Matclham on the turf, he undid the hood from off his face, and disc owed the features of Sir Daniel Brackley. ' Sir Daniel I' cried Dick. 'Ay, by the mass, Sir Daniel,' said the knight. ' Would ye shoot upon your guardian, rogue? But here is this-' And there he broke off, and pointing to Matcham, asked : ' How call ye him, Dici T ' Nay,' said Dick. 'I call him Master Matcham. Know ye him not ? He said ye knew him.' 'Ay,' replied Sir Daniel, ' I know the lad ; and he chuckled. 'But he has fainted, and, by my sooth, he might have had less to faint for. Hey, Dick? Did I put the fear of death upon yon ?' 'Indeed, Sir Daniel, ye did that,' slid Dick, and sigbed again at the mere recollea tcion. ' Nay, asir, es.ving your respect, I had as lief a' met the devil in person ; and to speak truth, I am yet all ai-quake. Bat what made ye, sir, in such a guise?' Sir Daniel's brow'grew suddenly black with anger. What made I t' he said. ' Ye do well to mind me of it. What? I skulked for my ooorlife in my own wood of Tunetall, Dick. We were ill-sped at the battle ; we but got there to be.eswept among the root. Where be all my good men-at-arms ? Dick, by the mass, I know not. We were swept down; the shot fell thick among us. I have not seen one man in my own colours since I saw bhree fall. For myself, I came sound to Shoreby, and being mindful of the Black Arrow, got me this gown and bell, and came softly by the path for the Moat House. There is no disguise to be compared with it ; the jingle of this bell would scare me the stoutest outlaw in the forest; they would all turn pale to hear it. At length I came by souand Matcham. I could see but evilly through this same hood, and was not sure of you, being cbiefly, and for many a good cause, astonished at the finding you together. Moreover, in the open, where I had to go slowly and tap with my stave, I feared to disclose myself. But see,' he added, 'this poor shrew begins a little to revive. A little good canary will comfort me the heart of it.' The knight, from under his long dress, produced a stout bottle, and began to rub the temples and wet the lips of the patient, who returned gradually to conscious ness, and began to roll dim eyes from one to another. What cheer, Jack 7' said Dick. 'It was no leper, after all I It was Sir Daniel. See !' ' Swallowme a good draught of this,' said the knight. ' This will give you manhood. Thereafter, I willgive you both a meal, and we shall ali three son to Tunstall. For Dick,' he continued, laying forth bread and meat npon the grass, ' I will avow to you in all good conscience, it irks me sorely to be safe between tour walls. Not since I baoked a horse have I been pressed so hard ; peril of life, jeopardy of land and livelihood, and to sum up, all these losels in the wood to hunt me down. But I be not yet ehent. Some of my lads will pick me their way home. Hatch hath ten fellows ; Selden, he had siz. Nay, we shall soon be strong again ; and if I can but buy my peace with my right for. tunate and undeserving Lord of York. why, Dick, we'll be a man again and go a hore. back.' And, so saying, the knight filled himself a hornot canary, and pledged his ward in dumb show. 'Selden,' Dick faltered-' Selden-' and be paused again. Sir Daniel put down the wine untasted. . How ?' he cried, in a changed voice. Selden-speak. What of Selden 1' Dick stammered forth the tale of the ambush and the massacre. The knight heard in silence; but as he listened, his.countenance became convuledI with rage and grief. 'Now here,' he cried, ' on my right hand I swear to avenge it I If that I fail, if that 1 spill not ten men's souls for each, may this hand wither from my body ? I broke this Duckworthlike a rush ; I beggared him to his 'toor. I burned the thatch about his head ; Idrove him - from this country; and now cometh he back to beard me? Nay, but, Dock worth, but this time it shall go bitter hard I' He was silent for some time, his face working. SEat,' he cried suddenly. ' And you here?' he added to Matcham, ' swear me an oath to ollow straight to the Moat House.' 'I will pledge mine honour,' replied Matcham. ' What make I with your honour ?' crted the knight. Swear me upon your mother's welfare I' Matcham gave the required oath ; and Sir Daniel readjasted the hood over his feoe,and prepared hs bell and staff. To see him once more in that appalling travestie somewhat revived the borror of his two companions. But the knight was soon upon his feet. 'Eat with a despatch,' he said, * and follow me yarely to mine house,' And with that he set forth again into the woods ; aand presently after the bell began to sound, numbering his steps, and the two laes sat by their untasted meal, and heard it die slowly away up hill into the distance. And so ye go to Tunstall 1' Dick in. quired. 'Yea, verily,' said Matcham, ' when needs moust I am braver behind Sir Daniel'sback . than to his face?' They ate hastily, and set forth along the path through the airy upper levels of the oreet, where great beeches stood apart mong green lawns, and the birds and quirrels made merry on the boughse. Two hours later, they began to descend upon the other aide, and already among the tree-tops, saw before them the red walls and roofs of Tonstall houre. Here,' said Matchsam, pausina, ' ye shall tke your leave of your friend, Jack, whom ' are to ree no more. Come Dick, forgive him what he did amies, as he, for hie part, oneerfully and lovingly forgiveth you.' ' And wherefore eo !' asked Dick. ' An we both go to Tunstall, I shalleeo you yet .gain, I trow, and that right often.' SYe'll never aganm see poor Jack Matcham,' replied the other, ' that was so fearfal and I multhensome, and yet plucked yon from the rver ; ye'll not see him more, Dick, by mine honour.' ie held his arms open, and the lads embraced and kissed. ' And, Dick.' crntinued Matcham, 'my spirit bodeth ill. 2 Y' are now to see a new Sir Daniel; for I heretofore hath all prospered in his hands zexceedingly, and fortune followed him ; but now, mechinke, when his fate hath come upon him, and he runs the adventureof his rie, he will prove but a foul lord to both of I ua. He may be brave l.battle, but he bath th:be liar's eye; there is fear in hise eye, Dick, attd tear is as cruel as the wolf. We go down ilto that house, Saint Mary guide us torth again. And so they continued their descent in silence, and came out at last bhefreSir Daniel'es forest stroughold..where it stood, low and shady, flanked with round towers and stained I with moss and lichen, in the litled waersof the moat Even as they appeared, the doore I were opened, the bridge lowered, and Str i Daniel himself, with Hatch and the parson at his aids, stood ready to receive them. 