A Captain's Story. SUDDEN DEATH OF A SAILOR WHOSE CORPSE WOULD NOT BE CAST OVERBOARD. 'Well, sir,' said the old captain to me—a retired shipmaster, with the gaze of a vulture under the apparently sleepy lid, and a face full of lines and discoloration like the wrinkling of currents in the glassy swathes of a dead calm on some dingy spread of water off the West African coast—'I had always been a bit superstitious up to then, but I own that that job cured me. But it made me see also that it isn't reasonable to be too contemptuous of one's fellow-creatures who believe in spirits and manifestations of which there is no organ, sense or quality in the human body to take notice of, saving credulity. It comes to this, sir; human nature never gets beyond a certain pass. We sail to that point, and then the wind shifts and we drop astern. From time to time it is put into us to think foolishly, that the thoughtful among us may understand how little ahead of the old folks we are in spite of our discoveries. I've watched this fad of ghosts among us of late; the growth of society which aim to enlarge men's knowledge of what doesn't exist, and it takes me back to the days when I was a young 'un, when there were still witches in the country, and old women were ducked and drowned for sailing athwart the moonlight on broomsticks. We were a bit coarser then in our superstitions than now, made our ghosts hags, instead of spirits of beauty, fled from candles in turnips and reckoned that when old Bogey wanted us he arrived down the chimney. But the quality remains the same. It is only brightened in these times, polished up and made to look in other ways fine. Now, how- ever, to give you my yarn: 'I was master of a ship of 800 tons. We were loaded with a general cargo, bound to the East Indies. It is many years ago, when ships' companies were numerous, partly through the compulsion of the navigation laws, partly because owners wanted their ships to keep afloat, partly because you wouldn't have got sailors to ship if there had not been hands to do the work. And my complement numbered between forty and forty-five men. In a crowd of this kind one doesn't take particular notice. When the crew are few you come to know your Jims, Joes and Toms as you come to know your dogs at home, or as a man who is only worth a few shillings is not only conscious of what he has in his pocket, but can tell you the character of the coins also. We were without passengers, simply a well-manned cargo vessel, all of the olden time, though a handsome boat in her way, frigate-built, painted ports, wide channels, great black tops, the yards square enough to serve a line-of-battle ship, and the royals, when mast- headed, sitting close against the trucks—the properest topping off, to my taste, to the fabric of a full-rigged ship. We had been out a fortnight, when in the afternoon there came on a sudden squall. The fore and mizzen topgallant sails were clewed up, with a hand standing by at the main topgallant halliaiards. I noticed some figures in the forerigging going aloft to roll up the sail there, and then in a sudden there was a commotion, a running of men forward and a gathering of them into a heap around something. I told the mate to go and see what was the matter. He returned with the news that a man in the act of going aloft had fallen dead on the deck off the rail. We were without a doctor, and all hands looked to me in a case of this kind. I walked to where the man lay and found him to be an able seaman; an old yellow-haired man, whose face I had before taken notice of for the ghastly com- plexion of it; a sort of dusky parchment-like hue, the color of a sailor's duff that's been too long in the coppers. The lids were half closed, nothing but the whites showing; the lids set hard in a sort of half grin, without froth, and the arms outstretched in the posture of a crucified person. Short of a skeleton, to my notion, one ought to never be able to say cock- surely, pointing to a body, 'this is death.' The fellow might be in a faint, or in a fit, or a cataleptic; his body in death's straight-jacket, and the mind within all alive and wondering what the deuce has gone wrong outside. I ordered him to be carried to his bunk and to be treated as if he was to be brought to, and if that failed then to be stowed away out of sight of the men, but not to be stiched up for a bit, so that if there was any spark of life in him it might have a chance. The fact is I wanted to make sure he was a dead man before he was tossed overboard—a very proper feeling in me, no doubt, though there was a touch of morbidity in it, too, for, to tell the truth, the one quiet horror in my life in those days was the thought of being buried alive, and what I feared for myself I was not the sort of man to put upon another. 'Well, after two days we were all agreed that he was dead, so I gave orders for him to be stiched up and brought to the gangway, and next morning after breakfast we held the service. It was always my desire that matters of this kind should be carried out with proper solemnity. I considered it worked as a whole some influence among the sailors, who were made to understand that a dead seaman on the ocean was not to be treated as if he were a dead pauper out of the workhouse; that a show of respect and regret, at all events, should go to his funeral, since a shipmate is a shipmate the wide world ever. The body, stitched in its hammock, with a sinker stowed away in the clews, was placed upon a grating and covered with the ensign. The the grating was lifted by four men and brought to the rail, one end of it resting there, the other end supported by two men, who stood ready to whip off the en- sign and let the body slide when the time came for so doing. All hands gathered around, washed and clean. It was a quiet morning, a light breeze of wind blowing, the ship under all plain sail, everything silent aloft, the deck heaving slightly to the small beam sea. I came out of the cabin with my prayer-book in my hand and started to read, the men baring their heads, with the grinding here and there of a jaw upon a hunk of tobacco standing high in the cheek bone, and much wistful and inquisitive peiring at poor Jack's outline by eyes bleared by the gales of wind into which they had stared. I was proceeding, reading with great emphasis and solemnity, when there rose from under the ensign a short, muffled, groaning sort of cry of 'For Good's sake, cut me adrift, mates, I'm suffocating.' The prayer-book fell from my hand; the two fellows who were holding the grating let go of it and bolted forward, whereupon off rolled the body on to the deck among the feet of the sailors, who, letting fly a volley of curses in their alarm, bolted in all directions, some of them even jumping into the rigging. Had a bombshell exploded among us the clearance effected could not have been more complete. 'The mates had run away as well as the seamen, and the cowardice of all hands quickly put temper enough in me to rally my nerves 'Quick,' I bawled,' cut the poor wretch adrift or he'll be suffocated in good earnest, and it will be a worse murder done than had we burned him.' On this the chief mate and some others came to the body, shouldered one another and ripped open the hammock. Well, dead or alive, it would have been better to have given the thing its last toss than have wisnessed such a sight. You see, it was warmish weather, and the body besides had been—but I'll say no more on that, only that such an apparition rising befere the stoutest army that ever took the field would have sent it flying without waiting for the bugles to sound. But he'd called out that he was suffo- cating, and we looked to see him move, all hands coming up in bunches at a time, till here we were all of a heaving and squirming muddle with this horror in the midst of us, and the men squirting juice in all directions through sheer loating. 'If that man ain't dead,' said the bo'sun, 'my eyes ain't mates.' 'Did he wriggle at all?, said I, addressing one of the fellows who held the grating, 'be- fore you let him go and ran away? The man answered he hadn't noticed any movement. 'He spoke anyway,' said the mate. 'Well, pickle my eyes for onions if there was ever a rummier start than this.' cried the carpenter, stooping to look close at the man, and then recoiling with a heave of its breast and a long wipe of his mouth down the length of his hairy arm. I ordered the body to be carried to a cabin and put the second mate along with seaman to watch it; but their report to me was that if the fellow was alive he gave no signs of it, but that, on the contrary, he imi- tated death so incomparably as to oblige them to beg me to allow some others to relieve them, as they did not feel strong enough to go on. I then viewed the body myself, and, no longer having a doubt gave orders that it should be stiched up afresh and once again brought to the gangway. It was now eight bells in the afternoon. Of course it was right that this old Jack should be buried decently, and I resolved to go through with the funeral service, but I left it be known that there was no obligation upon the men to attend outside who were needed to do the work. Never- theless, all hands turned up as before. Well, I started to read as I had in the morning 'but at the very moment of my propouncing the same words I was delivering when the inter- ruption happened there came a most audible but half-choking and half-smothered groan or grunt of 'Oh, Lord, they mean to drown me, after all!' from under the ensign. The fellow that held the right corner of the grating let go, and went backing among his mates with a cry of dismay, but the other man, bawling out with a face darkened by passion, 'You old villain! how many burials d'ye expect and be ——to you?' tilted the grating, and away flashed the hammock overboard. We all stood looking on like idiots. For my part, captain as I was, I hadn't a word to say for a moment. In fact, I was thunderstruck. The groan of the corpse was scarce out of my ear before the body was gone, and yet you couldn't think of us as having drowned him either, for nothing could have seemed deader than did this old Jack when I took my last view of him. How- ever, no purpose could be served by making a fuss, and it was one of those breaches of disci- pline that that defy your cool reason, though you may handle them as you may handle them as you will in a passion. Besides, a moment or two's reflection, coupled with a look round, satisfied me that the men would be easier in their minds for being quiet of the body, and so, telling the mate to send the hands forward, I went to my cabin; but more mystified, under a livelier consternation of mind, in short, than it would suit me to admit to everybody. It was idle to talk of tricks. I might have re- conciled myself to some notion of that kind had I made one or two or three spectators; but there had been forty or fifty of us all lumped together, and the reality of the thing came out in the sincerity of the fright, for the morning panic was much greater than I have put it, while the terror in the afternoon might have shown as wild had the fellows at the grating let fall the body again among the men. 'Well at 10 o'clock that night I left the deck to lie down. All was quiet. The in- fluence of that day's work was expressed in the manner of the men, who had moved and talked very soberly, with subdued gestures and tones, and in dog- watches I had noticed them hanging together in knots, conversing like people fresh from an execution. I was aroused from my sleep by the second mate, who had charge on the deck. 'There's the whole watch below, sir, come aft to complain that they can't get any rest' 'What's the matter?' said I, starting up. 'Why, they say they can hear old Jack's voice calling to them down in the forepeak.' 'Old Jack's voice?' I cried, and with that I followed him on deck, where, sure enough, I found all hands massed together on the quarter-deck. 'What's the matter, men?' I called out, leaping over the rail at the break of the poop to speak to them. The carpenter spoke up: There's old Jack hailing us in the forepeak, sir.' 'Nonsense man.' 'Smite me, sir, if it aint the blooming truth; not only hailing, but a cussing of us for having drownded him.' 'But you must know that can't be,' said I; 'he's leagues astern and fathoms deep.' A voice answered: 'He's cussin' us all the same. He swears he'll haunt us all overboard.' I told the second mate to go forward and re- port if he could hear anything of this strange voice. A shadowy group of men went with him; indeed, I doubt if he would have had heart to drop into the forecastle alone. Presently he returned, coming aft with a run and speaking with a broken breath. 'It's true, sir,' he gasped, 'if it isn't old Jack it's the devil. I heard him say: 'I'll punish all of ye for drowning of me. Head as you will, 'tis old Jack as is at the helm now, and so stand by!' ' 'But, good thunder!' cried I, 'How is a man's voice going to sound in the forecastle out of the forepeak? Answer me that, you fool.' 'Well, come forrards and hear it yourself, sir,' he exclaimed suddenly. 'I instantly assented and walked forward, followed by all hands; and not without a beating heart, I admit, but with a good air of carelessness upon me I stepped into the forecastle. It was a topgallant forecastle, entered by two doors abreast of the windlass ends. A slush lamp swung under the beam, and the light was very weak. I entered with the second mate and stood listening. For some minutes nothing sounded but the hard breathing of the seamen who filled the door- ways squeezing the foremost in, through these pressed back like a wall, making such a jam as might account for louder snorings. Queer creakings and groanings arose of the slightly swaying hull, into the silence, with the faint sound of the bow wave softly washing from the cutwater. Then, on a sudden, I heard a dim, hoarse voice—weak- ened, as it were, by the thickness of the deck between, with a note of rage in it, as though the fellow could barely articulate for his teeth being fixed-exclaim: 'Curse the ship I say! Curse all hands in her, says I! I'm a murdered man, and I'll haunt ye all!' 'There, sir!' cried the second mate, back- ing to the men, whose breathing was now stormy with emotion. Scarce was this said when one of the seamen, who had ap- parently been forced forward by the pres- sure of the others, was run almost up to me by the long arm of the chief mate, who, unperceived by me, had worked his way into the crowd to learn what was going on. This mate stood over six feet high, and was a giant in strength, and the head of the fellow whom his shoulder-of- mutton first grasped by the scruff of the neck was on a level with his chin. 'Here's the ghost, sir,' said he. The sailors now came bundling in in a swarm. 'This is the ghost,' repeated the mate, giving the fellow a shake which threatened to throw the head off his neck. ' 'Tis deuced clever, my lad, but it's a joke that wants searoom.' Another shake. 'Own to it, own to it!' he cried, 'before I screw your neck off,' I own to it,' said the man. 'Own to what?' I asked. 'Why, sir,' answered the mate, 'he has the trick of throwing his voice, and wonderfully well he does it, too. I had my eye on him this afternoon, and suspected him. I'm sure of it now for he didn't know I stood close behind him.' 'Some of the men muttered. I instantly perceived that they looked upon this as a conspiracy between me and the mate to allay their fears, and clearly seeing that it must be as the mate said and heartily despising my- self for the alarm I had felt throughout the day, immediately farmed a resolution. 'Your name's Andover,' said I to the man. 'Yes, sir,' he answered. 'You confess that it was you who made old Jack talk on the grating and down here?' 'I do, sir,' he answered with a writhe, for the shoulder of mutton clung to him as a vyce. 'Prove it to the men,' said I, 'and I'll forgive you. You can let go of him, Mr. Moore.' The man coughed; a moment after we heard old Jack cursing us all in the forepeak. The deception was ex- quisite; in sober truth, my admiration of the skill of the fellow was altogether too great to suffer me to punish him, even had I not promised him forgiveness. A few further examples of his genius sufficed to reassure the sailors, and I went aft, leaving them to deal with him as they chose. However, he managed to make his peace by entertaining them with his art as a ventriloquist. Indeed, after the first spasm of temper they were too well pleased to believe that old Jack was really dead and gone, and too much astonished by Andover's cleverness to feel much resentment. I often had this man in the cabin afterward to amuse me. He had the face of a born comedian and I strongly advised him to start as a ventriloquist ashore, where, I don't doubt, under proper training, he might have proved a fortune for himself or an employer; but, unhappily, he got into a scrape at our first port of call and I had to leave him behind, and when long afterward I inquired for him I gathered that he had taken to drink and died in a hospital. Yet I recall him with grati- tude, for the quite cured me of my super- stitions. 