.ENTEI.RAINMENT & BALL " AT PYRAMID. S(FROM A CORRESPIONDENT.) The first entertainment of the Pyramtid Ifill Minstrels was held on Friday last in Watson's Hall, in aid of .the Pyramid Cricket Club. there was a large attend.. ance, the hall being filled to its utmost capacity, and a number who were a little late in arriving had to he content with standing room. At eight o'clock.prompt the curtain rose,and revealed the Pyramid colored minstrels, whose skins were of so dark a hue that they almost defied recog nition, and several whispered discussions were held by various persons in the at tempt to. identify the different men in the circle. The interlocutor (Mr. Bell) was white, and easily recognized. The open ingchorus, '"Little Brown Jug," was spiritedly reridered, and well timed. "Little Sister's Gone' to Sleep" was feel ingly sung," as was also "The Ship that Never Returned" and "The Old Log Cabin in the Dell." In eiach case the chorns was effectively' rendered. "She was a Raspberry Tart," by: Bones (Mr. Morrison), was'sung in an animated way, andI the chorus had such a splefidid swing, and was so much' fancied that it callel forth a unaninous encore from the audi elice, which was responded to. " The Vacant Chair" was very sweetly sun; the intonation was excellent and the singer'had a control over his voice which made the rendering.very pleasing. '"Take 'Mein Your Arms Love," by Tambo (Mr. M'Alpine), was well appreciated by the apdience. al wvasail- "Chiming Bells." acingthe. timerbtie 'oi the" sonif,' tlte: audience was. kept in' constant roars of laughter by the wit of the corner men, whose jokes were warmly appreciated, and created great merriment. Noticeable among the jokes, conundrums, and stories of the cornermen, was the recital of the "Highlandman's Prayer," by Bones, who claimed to be a negro Scotchman from the' Highlands. This recital was greeted with side-splitting laughter. The farce," Have you seen the Ghost," which finished the first part of the entertainment, was also. hailed with peals of laughter. The min strels were happy in having Mr. Bell as interlocutor, who acted his part most creditably. Miss Peterson's accompani ment on the piano was exceedingly good. At nine o'clock the curtain dropped, and after an interval of ten minutes the second part of the entertainment commenced. Mr. Bell, in his sonig of '! Anehored," ilia played a voice of splendid compass and grand timbre, and. the songs of Mr. Gee. Grietce,' "ThoeRed, White 'and Blue" and "Rhine Widne" "were sung with spirit. About the most amusing item of this part oftfhe entertainment was a negro stump speech, on ." Love,". by Phil Morrison, which fairly made the audience laugh till the tears ran down. their cheeks, while a song under dificulties, by Wattie M'AI. pine, was equally successful in drawing forth the risability of the audience. After theconcert a granud ball was held, which was splendidly attended, and so thorotiihly enjoyedl that 'dancing was siustained till daybreak. The Pyramid Hill Mifistriels are to be congratulated on tlhe success of their first concert, anil we hope that .they will not forget to prepare another.-enter taintiefik for some future occasion. 