MELBOURNE GOSSIP. , (By our Correspondent.) " Melbourne, June 4th:' There was a "madding crowd" at the Birth-1 day Ball at Government House, on May 25th. It has recently been announced from Paris that this game couleur paid in the matter of gowns. This was probably the reason every second matron one saw, indulged in sombre' black. The black dresses were, however, relieved by sparkling jet, and were often entirely or partly composed of moire that has certainly taken a fresh lease of life this year. Several brides and two or more Debutantes the former wearing white satin and orange, the latter in conventional robes of white, were to be seen in the throng of gayly clad maidens. As it was the first of the season's festivities, most of the ladies present had thought it proper to don new gowns, and the result was what the fashion reporters call a smart dress show."- It is the time of roses," both natural and artificial. Roses white,' pink, and red, decked the reception room, known as "The Yellow . Drawing-room on account of the colour of its course tains and hangings, where Lady Loch received the 1200 invited guests. Roses and a chrysanthemums (the latter flowers been pronounced by authority chic) besides many other of nature's darlings, both in and out of season, were imitated in the artificial garlands that were fastened in profusion on the daintiest gowns. Lady, Loch wore a trained gown of buttercup satin, softened by filmy lace, and a necklet of diamonds, pearls, and sapphires. The Misses Loch wore lace trimmed frocks of white liberty silk. . Lady Clarke's aesthetic gown was of primrose merveilleux was profusely trimmed with flowers of the same colour. White bore the palm. Mrs. M. H. Davies' gown of white moire with three panels and a vest-front broidered with pearls being a thing of beauty." White moire combined with silk, and softened by tulle and garlands of white chrysanthemums,, composed the dresses of many of the society belles. Only half the great ball-room was reserved for dancing, the remainder being carpeted for the older guests, and for those detestable creatures the men who " don't dance." They must have been in the ascendant at the Birthday Ball, to judge by the number of wall-flowers. " Where are the dancing-men gone ? " cry the chaperons, and echo answers, " Where ?" Signor Tessero's French Comedy Company have opened at the Freemasons' Hall since I last wrote, and have been warmly welcomed by all the men and women amongst us, who possess, or claim to possess that indefinable quality known as culture. Unfortunately they are not many, and the Comedy Company if they have " fit audience," have " few." Lady Loch, who is always the patroness of refined and elevating entertainments, spends one evening of each week at the Freemasons' Hall, and brings with her a number of fashionable people, who do their best to enjoy an entertainment, the mere viewing of which stamps them as beings of a superior order. Not being a fashionable person, I can give my unbiassed opinion of the players, and I can truthfully say that they deserve all the praises of the newspaper critics. When Partridge of " Tom Jones " is taken to see Garrick as Hamlet, by his master he is asked, after the performance which of the players he most admired. " The King without doubt was his answer. " Indeed, Mr. Partridge, said Mrs. Miller, "you are not of the same opinion with the town, for they are all agreed that Hamlet is acted by the best player who ever was on the stage." " He the best player" cried Partridge, with a contemptuous sneer, " why, I could act as well as he myself. I am sure if I had seen a ghost I should have looked in the Very same manner and done just as he did. And then to be sure in that scene, as you called it, between him and his mother, where you told me he acted be fine, why, Lord help me, any man, that is any good man, would have done exactly the same. I know you are only joking with me ''' Honest Partridge would no more have approved of the French Comedy Company than of Garrick for the French artistes have this in common with the English actor, that each of there seems to be the character, he or said represents. " This is not acting, we are inclined to say; as the members of the company appear on the stage and move and speak with the same ease as if they were in s drawing-room. It is life itself." "Lu Joy Fair fleur," " L'Etincelle," and " Los Ressotrroes de Jonathans " were the three sparkling lMs plays I had the pleasure of witnessing. They were played and admirably ployed on the night of my visit to the hall to, I regret to say, a " beggarly account of empty boxes." In " La Joie Fait Pour," a charming little play by Madame E. de Girardin, Monsieur Marchand one of the leading comedians, played with admirable tenderness and force the part of an old family servant, who in his paternal care for his employers, reminds us of the domestic of Moliere's comedies. L'Etincelle, a witty little play by Pailleron, that well deserved its title, Mademoiselle Dernancourt, the ingenue of the company, who took the part of a simple young girl, acted in a way that made us suddenly discover that comedy is one of the things managed better in France than in England. The engines wore a simple while frock and a red silk apron, but the frock was made as only a Parisian could make it and worn as only a Parisian could wear it. The dresses worn by the ladies of the company are remarkably simple. None of the actresses ring the changes upon satin furs and velvet. They rely upon the attractions of their finished acting. Les Resources de Jonathan, the third play on the programme, has charmed the playgoers of France for fifty years. Even with a very imperfect knowledge of the French language it was impossible to help laughing at Monsieur Blanche who played the part of the valet with two masters. His resources were exquisitely funny. In this play we had an opportunity of seeing a " real " French soubrette for the first time in Melbourne in the person of Mademoiselle Lineage. The valet and the soubrette sang and acted together with indescribable verve, a verve all the more to be admired when it was displayed under such unfavourable circumstances. One felt in looking at them that they had played with the divine Sarah. They had been near the rose. I fear Signor Tessero is not likely to pay Sydney a visit. Our theatres are, after all, chiefly filled by the tradesman and working man. Neither of these would go to see Sarah Bernhardt herself, if she discoursed to them in a '* furred tongue." Foreigners are numerous amongst us, there are five hundred Portuguese alone in Victoria, but nearly all of them belong to the working classes. In spite of the incessant imbroglios reported by the daily press with regard to the doings of the Exhibition Commissioners those gentlemen must be doing their duty in the main, and only indulging in a little quarrelling by way of amusement. The huge Exhibition building is fast becoming a stately structure. The Exhibition choirs are progressing apace, and Lady Loch has signified her intention of being present at one of the rehearsals of Mr. Cowen's "Ruth." The members of the choir are to receive very liberal treatment at the hands of the Commissioners. Sitting rooms, cloak rooms and refreshments are to be provided for them, in addition to free passes for the great World Show. The anxiety to become members of the choir, on the part of our young lady amateurs, has been quite absurd, and there have been futile attempts made to bribe the conductors, not with money, but with slighter favours, to admit untrained voices. The conductors have, however, been stern in keeping to their day, and have been quite unmoved by beauty in distress." The craze for skating rinks, which is increasing, has led to proposals being made to the executive committee of the Exhibition to erect ice skating rinks and ordinary rinks in the grounds. The applications have been very naturally refused, as has also been the application of a gentleman to exhibit as a side-show an hairless elephant horse." There has been an animated discussion as to the advisability of side-shows amongst the Exhibition commissioners. The decision was arrived at to have as one of the few side-shows allowed a " switch-back railway." This was, I believe, an attractive feature at the Manchester Exhibition and also at " Buffalo Bill's Wild West show." Several Australian visitors to London, who have seen this novel and quite American railway, speak in enthusiastic terms of it, and for those who are bored equally by music and pictures, it will doubtless be a strong attraction. Visitors to the Exhibition are promised from all parts of the world, Mr. William Westgarth being reported to be amongst them. Among the visitors attracted by the approaching Exhibition, who are already in our midst is Mrs. Meredith, author of " Our home in Tasmania." The authoress is a sufferer from rheumatism, but her mind is as clear and active as ever, and she is still writing and sketching. Her interest in art and literature is still keen, and she certainly deserves that often misapplied title - a charming old lady." She exhibits none of the selfish apathy, so incidental to the old age of a woman, who is accustomed to be admired, and is unaffectedly genial. Our dramatic critics have been telling us that it is the correct thing to admire Mr. Charles Warner as Hamlet. Many old playgoers however prefer the Hamlet of Walter Montgomery, a question that younger Australians cannot decide upon. Some of us, prefer to judge for ourselves, rather than blindly follow the newspapers, and are not altogether in love with Mr. Warner's declaration of the character of Hamlet. Charles Warner is always natural and always interesting. He is delightfully natural and free from " staginess " as Hamlet, only on seeing him, the question is apt to occur, " Is this because Warner so completely disappears into Hamlet, or because, Hamlet is so entirely absolved into Warner ?" Some of us, who have read Shakespeare with our own eyes, without the guiding hand of critics, find that Mr. Warner, though he has an intellectual appreciation and an artistic grasp of the character of the most interesting of the heroes of the Swan of Avon, is hardly capable of giving a satisfactory rendering of the part. Hamlet appears to the average reader, a melancholy philosopher, a man whose powers of mind are diverted from action by absorb- ing thought and speculation. In Mr. Warner's hands he becomes a passionate somewhat turbulent and energetic character. Mr. Warner is so brimful of life and energy and I do not think he could be wavering, cynical, indifferent. His display of tender feeling in the scene with Ophelia has been much praised by the critics, but we doubt whether the Hamlet, who sprang from Shakespeare's brain, either felt or showed so much passion. As Farmer Allan, in "Dora" adapted from Tennyson's poem by Charles Reade Mr. Warner is much more successful ; but " Dora" is too tender and idyllic a poem to bear adaptation for the stage. Tennyson has attempted all styles of political writing with success, except the dramatic I think you will like Warner very much indeed, and will probably come to the conclusion that his future lies in the deliniation of strong passions which he displays as " Coupeau " in " Drink " and " Claud Melnotte " in the " Lady of Lyons "There is a lull in high-class dramatic performances just at present in Melbourne, the entertainments of the French comedy company excepted, but as Signor and Signora Majeroni have returned to this city we may expert to see the talented niece of Signora Bisson again on the stage as " Marie Antoinette " or " Elizabeth." 