frk ^Hitter. PUBLISHED DA3LLT. TUESD -) r, OCTOBER 23 1*8*. THE present tariff has sickened all the friends and supporters of the Min istry in the North. A very warm sup porter of the McIiwEHra Ministry, a pastoral tenant in the Western district, said to ns' last "week in Townsville, In reply to our observation that the tariff was a clumsy expedient, and displayed no political resource or talent, "why, what could |MC1xweaith have done ? be "wanted the money at once, and raising1 the ad valorem duties wan the easiest way to get the money." He admitted «. hen farther pressed, that MCIlwraith could have put a I-and Tax on all alienated land. There was an other margin for taxation which Mclt WEAITH ignored-a property tax, and an income tax, both as readily available as a turn of the Custoius screw to double the ad valorem duties There are some people in Town-villc who can see through a mile stone, and tbey say it is a deep design on the part of Mclx WRAITH and ACKOSSAK to precipitate Separation! A movement is already spoken o£ to revive the Separation movement. Mackay has opened its month, bntthe TownsvilleBulletin, hot Separationist as it is, is forced to say, in effect, that Mackay brays as an asa, and that its prop sal to levy on the future colony "to support the agitation for Separation is >he proposal of a lnnatic. We ar^ opposed to the revival of the agitation until the present Minist' y have formula'e l their scheme for decentralisation, and laid it as a Bill on the table of the House. They show no haste to do this, and judging by the state of business in the House, -we do not think the BOl will be introduced this session. The best blow we can strike for Separation from Southern Queensland is to supjwrt the agitation for HomeJ Rule in Ireland. It is well known that the English Government would have granted the petition sent home for Sepa'ation, but they were frightened by the bugbear that by granting that it w-'uld precipitate Home Bale for Ireland. There was some ground for this apprehension. Since that time Home Bole for Ireland has strength' ned and one of che Tory Government addressing a public meet ing in England lately said when the proper time came Home Rule would be granted to Ireland. The bad feeling that the discussion of Home Rule for Ireland had first excited is dying ont, and the bogus crv of "religions prase* eution of the Ulster Protestants by . tfeeir Roman Catholic fellow-country men" is no longer heard. That cry fetched the fanatics and the ignorant in England for some time, bat Mr. . CBAHBEBLAXN was the innocent cause of layicg that ghost in the Ulster Hall in Belfast jri 1887. It is not," h»* then said. " because I believe that under a Dublin Parliament your reli gions faith and convictions would be in any danger. The^rotes!3nfc""cliurches of Ulsterwonld be quite able to take care of timsdves, eten under these circumstanbes. The days of religions persecution are gone, and anything in the nature of active oppression is out of the question." It has been the tramp card of the " loyal minority" in the north-east corner of Ulster thai if Home Rule were granted their lives and liberties would be in danger; yet we find Mr. CHAMBERLAIN disclaiming this belief amid the applause of his Ulster Ball audience, the " loyal minority." A capital article in the December number of the Westminster Review of 1887 contains a masterly refutation of other fallacies advanced by GkaYBEBUIN during his short visit to Belfast and Antrim in 1887. Cham uRMclaims that Ulster is peopled j by a "superior race." The one, said j OhJLATbebIiAIN, has shown all the quaii ties of a dominant people and lias proved; in the history of the world that it can justify the ascend" ncy which it has i acquired; the other, whatever iis merits! may be, has always failed in the quali ties which compel success." The writer asks: has this "superior" race justified its ascendancy in Ireland ? It w*s supplied with arms and gold to convert Hie natives to its faith and to establish its own church; the natives are still Catholics, as well as thousands of those who would have proselytised th«m ; and the Church has been a failure. It got possession of the laud; the land is about to be falT from it. It occupied Dublin Castle and Dublin Castle is doomed. Mr. CHAMBEEUuar made a great-a historical-mistake in stating that the "inferior" race which "lias always failed," is composed entirely oir Catholic Celts. The " superior" race in Ireland, the race that day by day is gaining in strength and wealth and intelligence, the race that has been shaping ihc destinies of the conntry for the last fifty years, impregnating with its ideas, and giving it its individuality is not Mr. Ciiamber r.tni'g Scotchmen, or Englishmen, and is not the Oltic race. It is the r>ce which, in e*ery corner of the country, from north to south, has grown up out of a blending of Celt, and Saxon, and Norman, *»nd Dane and Scotch man; the race which, in the first instance, and for good or ill, has thrown in its lot with Ireland, rather than with England or any other country. It is neither Nor man, Seo'ch, Danish, C ltie nor Saxon; it is Irish. This is the superior race in Ireland. This is the language of an English writer in the most democratic magazine in England-the Westminster Bedew. Captive Greece tonk captive her Roman conquerors, so in Ireland the Celt has proved more than a match for the S»xon. He has not driven him out of the country; but hp has made him an Irishman, lie Norman and Saxon settlers in Ireland adopted the language and customs of the natives, intermarried, and became ipgis Ilibenis ffiberniores - more Irish than the Irish themselves. The Celt absorbed Norman and Saxon, and, to some extent, the Scotchman; and this mixed race, in which the Celtic temperament generally, but not always, predominates, is the i-ace of to day, and the racc of the future in Iroland. It would be well to note that such a race includes more than Home Rulers and Nationalists. There are thousands of Unionists, thousands be longing to the "loyal minority" who feel that they are Irishmen, and whose first impulse is to act upon that feeling. Their grandfathers were rebels in Ninety-eight and fooght at Bally nahinch and Antrim; their fathers dared armies of bludgeon-men to go to the p»ll for Sharmjln CBAWFOED. By degrees they are throwing away their foolish notions of being a different race [from the mixed Norman, md Anglo Saxon and Celtic population of the South. The passing of a Home Rule Bill is the only thing required to brinsr I out the better part of their natures and to call them to the side of their i Nationalist fellow-countrymen. During the present year the cause of Home Rnle has grown and strengthened in England, in Scotland, in Wales, in Ireland, and in Australia. The agita tions for Home Rnle here and in the old country act and react on each other. The "loyal minority" in Queensland have no longer any grounds for their apprehensions. The great liberal and powerful body-the Nonconformists of England always in the front ranks of Reform-are supporting Home Rale for Ireland with all their hearts. We should be glad to see their co-religionists in Queensland-the Methodists, the Congregationalists, the Wesleyans, the Piesbyterians- taking the same stand for Home Rule in Ireland and for its corollary-Home Rule for Queensland. With that granted there would be no necessity for a disruption of the colony Iiet the meeting to-night remember that in supporting Home Rule for Ireland it takes a step towards securing Home Rule for Queensland. 