THE SEAL OF THE SNAKE: A SECRET IN SEVEN OOILS. COIL THE FIRST. LITTLE EHKNNE'S COUSIN. [Br fi. E. FRA.xcrr.Lox.] Immediately after the Peace of Amiens, that to to say In the month of March, 1802, a young Englishman—anybody could see he wu an Englishman—waa walking rapidly along one of the qnaye of the oity of Bordeaux. The ran shone hotly and brightly In a clear bine sky; and the yonng Englishman's rapid and elastic movement was at once defiant of the heat, and in full accord with the brightness of the day. One would be tempted to exclaim, " There goes a man who has just heard good news!" And there was moreover something else that was noteworthy about him. beyond his vigorous string, his slender bat athletio figure, and a dean shaven face that was something more than passably good looking. As an Englishman he had till but * few days ago been an enemy to France, and therefore, presumably, a stranger to Bordeaux. And as suoh, his eyes should havebeen those of a stranger, taking note of a strange city—they should be busy with the houses, with the people—they ahonld. at least, give a glance BOW and then to the broad Garonne, in years past crowded with shipping, but now transformed by war into a desert, and by the unbroken sunlight Into a silver blaze. So far from this, their outlook was that of one too accustomed to a familiar scene to heed his mrroondings, and free to let his thoughts ramble or fix themselves whither or where they pleased. At present they elected to fix themselves on this most distant point!of the sky, and to smile at what they saw there. And his feet were not a whit more strangers to the city than his eyes; for they not only led him straight along the quay, which was no great matter, but, as if pursuing a route to which they were so well accustomed as to take it mechanically, presently left the river side and finally, after many complicated turnings, stopped as of their own accord before a large and ancient mansion, flush with the street, in the &ue; Saiute- Croix, in the old quarter of the oity. Whether that Rue Sainte-Croix still appears in any recently published map of Bordeaux I do not undertake to say, much less whether it still bears the same name. It may be some Bue Sobnabe)16 for aught I know; it may have disappeared in what is sarcastically termed municipal improvement—it is enough that the street was there then ' „ and was no less unquestionably called the Bue Sainte-Croix, while about ite crooked narrowness there could be no question at all. It waa not everybody who rang with so confident a band and with such pleasantly expectant eyes for admittance to that big ana gloomy mansion in that gloomy street, with its high gables, its low-browed mullioned windows, its rich and elaborate mouldings, and its general air of antiquated and unfashionable grandeur. For it was the hereditary residence of no less a personage than Maitre Pierre-Etienne Pasqual, Procureur of the Republic One and Indivii And this Maitre Pierre-Etienne had inherited a great deal more from his long line of ancestors than a very substantial fortune and the family mansion in the Bue Sainte-Croix. From time that was virtually immemorial, the Fasquals had been among tue most eminent of the Noblesse de la Bobs; from generation to generation they had supplied Presidents. Chancellory and all manner of high judicial and legal dignitaries to the Parliament of Bourdeanx, intermarrying other with other Parliamentary families, or only into the veiy cream of the "Haat Commerce," when they condescended to the Bourgeoisie — the merchant princes who gave Mayors and Jurats to their ancient oity, as consistently as the Pasqnals gave it Presidents, Chancellors; and Advocates and Procurators RoyaL Ana somehow, throughout all the fortunes of foreign warfare and civil strife, whereof Bordeaux had its full share, a Pasqual always came out uppermost, like the six of a leaded 'die. Not that the simile holds good in its more suggestive aspect; because the austere integrity of a Pasqual was as notorious as the bell-tower of toe cathedral. Only one Pasqual had broken the magisterial traditions of his house—a Pierre-i<ouis Pasqual, the elddest son of two generations ago, who married the only daughter and heiress of a colonial planter, and, leaving municipal honours to his younger brother, cultivated indigo instead of law. And even so rabid a scattering of wild oats had long ago been pardoned, seeing that the harvest of them had made the planter a millionaire long before he died. The pre Bent representative of the younger and magiateiial branch, and the actual occupant of the historical Hotel in the Bue aaintf-Croix, to wit Pierre-Etienne Pasqual, was a very Pasqual of Pasqualo—one who in any other family would have been regarded as a man of peculiar mark altogether. Aristocrat to the backbone, and without the least sacrifice of its rigidity, the fury of the Beign of Terror, more terrible in Bordeaux than even in Paris itself, left Pierre Etieane more fixed than ever in the regard of his fellow-oitizens, and in the confidence of the powers that were, even though, as an advocate, he had apparently courted the guillotine or the noyade by nis defence of prescripts and royalists, while accepting as an accomplished fact the new regime. And soon after the establishment of the Consulate it was the most natural thing in the world that Maitre Pasqual should become Procnrer- General of the Bepublic for the Department of the Gironne. Mot a wind blew, not a hurricane raged from north, south, east, or west that did not bring him prom atioa; not a house fell around him that did not stiengthen the foundations of his own. If he played the part of the Vicar of Bray it was with the air of an Aristides, and Plnl- jrsh's heroes were the vogue in those days. With a pleasant nod and smile to the porter who opened to him, and who gave him back both, the young Englishman pissed the whole length of the long and narrow entrance hall with itB grand staircase, and always with the air of one who was perfectly at home, entered, without knocking for per- mission, a room that led out of a shou passage at the further end. If the house, without and within, was full of character, this room was saturated with it, and exhaled it again from every dark corner. One was even sensible of the exhalation; for the four walls'were lined, from the black polished floor to the blackened panels of the crambling ceiling, withtahelves of books that emitted the odour entirely peculiar to folios, and only folios that treat of law—and only of law from which the life has gone. The bodies of the Pasquals lav for the most part in the vault in the Churoh des Feulllaos; this seemed to be the cemetery of their souls. The folios were not so much books as tombstones. Here, in the odour of mouldering labour, lay buried the learned Heemsten kerchius, who devoted eleven entire folios, in exceedingly Flemish Latin, to a single title of the Pandects; here, the no less learned Canon Nicholas a Burdigala, who made a dash for immortality—and no doubt thought be bad reached it—by a colossal digest of the customs of Gnienue; here Luitprandus Lugduaensis, Vtnvsjue Juris Doctor, discoursed pleasantly, and in his own delightfully discursive way, on the relations between the Salic ana the Canon laws, with illustrations from the Chinese Constitution which would have remained unrecognised even by a mandarin. Norman feuds, the canons of the Church, the privileges of Bordeaux, the assizes of Guienne,the Imperial edicts, rescripts, and novels, the wild attempts of jurists to make the interests of nations square with Christian morals, jostled one another with the grim humour which belongs to a common grave . , . and through the window the blazing sun itself was rendered dim. For tbat one low inlet of light gave upon a terrace dark with the shadow of a lioe of clipped yew trees, and dank with their oozings. tat ween each pair of yews grew a cypress from a tub, and between each pair of cypresses had been placed a meaBled statue—a Venus who had lost one arm, a Diana who had lost two, a Bacchus with both arms, but without a head, or a waist and two legs that might onoe upon a time have belonged to Mercury, the patron of advocates and—thieves. It was a dismal outlook from a gloomy room, and what secrets had been whispeted there the walls alone could tell—what secrets of full five hundred years ; what shy confidences—what unspeakable crimes. . . . The young Englishman threw himself into the lleast uncomfortable corner of the least uncomfortable conch, and—whistled a tune. A tune ? It was a hornpipe—a hornpipe in the very presence of Heemstenkerchins, of Ltdtprendiis Lugdunensis, of Nicholas ;i Burdigala: a vulgar British hornpioe under the eyes of a one armed Venus, and with a tri-coioured scarf thrown over a chairback before the whistler's eyes. No wonder that one outraged folio in the darkest corner next the window opened and then closed with a bang. For that whistle, though tuneful enough, was an outrage then and there. One does not whistle hornpipes in a ohurohyard. If the learned Heeaisteukerohius had whistled, the world would have been richer by one folio the less—perhaps by two. But if it waa Heemstenkerchins who was outraged, Heemstenkerchins had his revenge. His ghost emerged from that darkest of corners, and took the form of— Agiri! The hornpipe came to a sudden stop, as she came forwi vara into such light as the yews and cypresses allowed. And, indeed, where was the tune so bold to keep going before so unexpected an apparition intionl I The Englishman rose to his feet somewhat awkwardly, and there they stood facing one another with the air of criminals suddenly detected; he, in being cheerful out of plaoe; she is—not in studying Heemstenkerchins, one maybe sure. „ She was a very young girl—not more than fifteen at most, ana with the awkward angu larity belonging to that particular age. Her face, from which straight black hair waa drawn back tightly and smoothly behind the ears, was thin and pale—it might even be oailed sallow, with but very little apparent promise of beauty in time to come. The Englishman had an eye for suoh things, or at any rate thought he had, and the delicate upward curl of the nose, contradicted by the straight, grave brows and the firmly pointed chin, seemed to him rather bizarre. Her back being towards the window, and her face being altogether very much in the dark, he could not very well see what sort of eyes she had, beyond that they were probably dark, and certainly large, if not too large ani womanly for the small taoe and the childlike curve of the thin lips that were now ever so little parted. It was not such a vety startling apparition, then, after all? Possibly not—on paper. But It so happened that, for a certain excellent reason, this particular Englishman chanced to be not only somewhat shy for his three-and-twenty years, but. after themanner of such persons, secretly ashamed of being shy; ssd to a young man of that sort there is simply nothing so formidable on the face of the earth as a girl of fifteen. " Mademoiselle," he said, with such courtesy as one might pay to a middle-aged princess, yet in which the grave, unconscious eagerness of boyhood lingered not ungrace fully, "I am so sorry—it never came into my head that anybody was in the room— and" Never till the day of his death did he guess that it was she who had been the shyer and the more startled of the two. For it waa with the most perfect self-possession and even with the daintiest suggestion of a smile that she answered him— "It is of no importance. Monsieur no doubt desires to see Monsieur le Procureur !" The little speech waa stiff, but the voioe was clear and sweet—much sweeter than he had learned to associate with the girls of Guienne.. "I came to see him Mademoiselle, thought I should find him here." "I am sorry, Monsieur. Maitre Pasqual is from home." "And at what hour?"- "Will he return? He left early this morning, and he will not be b^ck till to morrow evening—so he left word." " The devil he is—I beg ten thousand pardons, Mademoiselle. I mean—I mean that I am very sorry indeed, " " If Monsieur wishes to see Monsieur le Procureur's Secretai/ " " Not in the least. It is not a matter of business, Mademoiselle. I only wished to say good-by to Monsieur le Procureur before leaving Bordeaux. And no w I shan't be able, it seems—and I am vety sorry. I shouldn't like to leave my message with a servant, and —shall you be seeing Monsieur le Procureur when he rstarns J" Certainly, Monsieur; as soon as he re turns." " Would you mind giving him a message from me ? Would you tell him how <orry I am to have missed seeing him and thanking him for all his kindness 1 Especially as it can never be repaid. Would you tell him that, Mademoiselle ?'' Certainly, Monsieur. With pi' "iaure. And from whom shall I say the message comes ?" From little Etienne's tutor. Mademoiselle." "You are little Etienne's tutor? You don't " She stopped suddenly, and he smiled. She had been putting on such ^'own-up airs, with her grave little formal speeches, that her narrow escape from a childish speech ,ve him a little more of the confideice fitting a man who had been her age full eight years ago. "I don't look much liks a tutor? You are quite right, Mademoiselle—though I assure you I try my very hardest. The fact is, I'm afraid I don t fee! verv m^ch like one, and"— " So you are little Etienne's tutor! I don't think I should like to be little Etienne's tutor," she said reflectively. "No, I'm Hn.e I shouldn't." she added, with a sudden smile, which made one doubt whether she might not come day become a little pretty, alter all, "And what do you teach him, Mon sieur? Little Etienne is my cousin, you know." _ In truth he krew nothing of the kind, for since ML itre Pasqual had been left a widowtfr with an only child no kinswoman had jarred with the masculine austerity of the house in the Bue Sainte-Croix. Well—it was &B; well to know that she was not the ghost of a Dutch jnrist, but a real girl, even though cousin of a Procureur. It did seem incongruous that Maitie Pasqual should have a girl cousin; but then one need not be more than three-and-twenty to find out that iu- ;rnity is the universal law. What do I teach him? Oh, all aorta of things. I've got a theory of teaching, Mademoiselle. It's this—that a boy should never be kept longer at the same thing than it amuses him. Varied—that's the grand principle." "I see!" " So as soon as he has read a little history, I give him a fencing lesson; then arithmetic— that's soon over; then, if it isn't too hot, I teach him how to climb a tree, or go up a rope band over hand; then Litfn; then we talk about things in general—that's the conversational method, Mademoiselle. And if the little rascal doesn't tell me a good deal more than I tell him! Then we make up stories, one against the other—and—in short, its wonderful what a lot of subjects one can get into a single lesson, with a little economy of time. And little Etienne's a charming little fellow. It's a pleasure to teach him— except, perhaps, the history, and the arithmetic, and the Latin. But of course one can't expect a boy to take to everything alike, Mademoiselle. He can climb—like a monkey: and he can make up stories—why the Arabian Nights are nowhere to him, when he's in the mocd." 