Reception of the Bishop of Bathurst. THE INSTALLATION. The installation of the Right Rev. Charles Edward Camidge, D.D., as Bishop of Bathurst, took place at All Saints' Cathedral on Tuesday morning, in the presence of a large number of people, the Cathedral being crowded, not a few of the visitors being members of other denominations. There was also a large attendance of the clergy, representatives from all the parishes in the diocese being present. The members of the Cathedral body assembled in the Bishop's vestry, and some formal proceedings having been carried out they marched in procession thence to the Deanery, headed by the choir, where the Metropolitan, Bishop Camidge and other Bishops of the province joined them, in order as arranged, the Metropolitan closing the procession, and the whole marching through the south-west door into the Church. On reaching the communion rails the clergy filed off to the right and left, allowing the Metropolitan and Bishops to pass up the centre, they being conducted by the Archdeacon and Dean to the space within the rails, where chairs were placed for them. During the procession the Choristers sang the hymns 'Onward, Christian Soldiers' and 'The Churches One Foundation,' and the members having taken their places in the choir, the 'Hallelujah Chorus' was sung. The Archdeacon then administered to the Bishop the following affirmation :— ' My Lord Bishop— I require you to declare that you will maintain the Rights and Liberties of this Church, and that you will observe the approved Customs thereof, and, so far as it concerns your Lordship, that you will cause the same to be observed by others, provided such Customs be not repugnant to God's Word, the Laws, Statutes, Provisions, and Ordinances of this Colony, and provided no Customs or Laws shall be at variance with the Law of the Church of England.' To this the Bishop replied : — ' I undertake to observe the same,' and the regular service began, the lessons being read by the Bishop of Riverina. At the end of the first lesson the Bishop was conducted by the Archdeacon and the Dean to the throne, and the Registrar (Rev. J. Young) read the Royal Mandate to the Archbishop of Canterbury, authorising him to consecrate the Bishop, and to which was attached the certified proceedings at that ceremony. The Registrar also read the Mandate from the Metropolitan to Ven. Archdeacon Campbell authorising him to instal the newly-appointed Bishop ; after which tbe Archdeacon formally inducted the Bishop, as follows :— In the name if the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. By the authority of this Mandate, I, Thomas Robert Curwen Campbell, Archdeacon of Bathurst, lawfully institute thee, the Right Reverend Father in God, Charles Edward Camidge, formerly Vicar of Thirsk, and Canon of York, of late duly elected and confirmed Bishop of Bathurst, into the corporate possession of this Church, and with all the Rights, Honours, and Purtenances thereof, and place you in this Episcopal chair in sign and token of your having real and actual possession of the See of Bathurst, and of the Rights and Privileges thereof. May the Lord preserve thy going out and coming in from this time forth and even for evermore. Amen. The Bishop remained on his throne, while the service proceeded with the Te Deum to the conclusion of the Third Collect of the morning service. The second lesson having been read by the Metropolitan, the Dean said the Suffrages, the choir chanting the answers, after which the Dean said the following prayer: — Almighty God, Giver of all good things, who by thy Holy Spirit has appointed divers orders of Ministers in Thy Church: Mercifully behold this Thy servant, Charles Edward Camidge, who is now admitted to the high office and dignity of Bishop of this Diocese ; and replenish him so with the truth of Thy doctrine and adorn him with such innoceney of life, that, both by word and deed, he may faithfully serve Thee in this office, to the glory of Thy Name and the edifying and well governing of Thy Church. Grant, we beseech Thee, that he may long live happily to rule this Church, and that having worthily fulfilled his course, at the latter day he may receive the crown of righteousness laid up by the Lord the righteous Judge, who liveth end reigneth one God with the Father and Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen. An anthem followed, and then the Metropolitan preached, taking his text from the Revelation of St. John the Divine, 21st chapter 5th verse: — 'He that sitteth upon the throne saith : Behold I make all things new.' He said: — 'These words are the utterance of the Supreme Creative Power ; they could sound forth only from Him who sitteth upon the throne. To us, my brethren, for many reasons this promise of newness comes home, especially to- day. We stand on the threshold of a coming year, which all of us in our daily greetings are hailing as 'new, and wishing that it may be happy.' The year is itself a marked year— the close of one century, and the incoming of another in the history alike of this colony, and our Church in it ; as such, pregnant, with many thoughts of retrospect over the past, and of resolution and prayer for the future. And the occasion of our Service this day, the Installation of your Bishop, marks the transition to a new experience, a new service, a new start in every sense in the work of God in this diocese. What reality, under all these aspects, is there in this newness? Under what conditions does that voice, which St. John heard at Patmos, proclaiming the perfection of the regeneration in the new heaven, and the new earth of the future, fulfil itself in imperfect measure and degree, in the experiences of the present ? What real meaning is there in this newness ? The question is not an idle one ; for in itself the division of the new year, even the keeping of the anniversary, which closes and opens a century, are purely arbitrary. There is no real change, no new force or life introduced — when three days ago— for many of us on our knees in the House of God, the hour of the year 1888 struck in the bright midnight. Nay, in the bodily and outward life, which is passing away day by day, the lapse of time tells simply of decay, and not of newness. Another year of this short life gone, carrying with it, at least for us older men another instalment of our strength, our happiness, our work in the world. Even to the collective life of a community, long as it is and may be, there seems to be in God's Providence an appointed span, of which each year, each decade, each century, marks the diminution. More than this, as the Advent season has but lately warned us, the whole life of humanity, as it had a beginning, so has an appointed end ; the world itself seems at times to be growing old ; and each year, however inperceptible, takes away some thing of the strength and freshness of its youth. Even where, as in the welcome of a new leader and worker for God, there is really the introduction of a new element of force, yet the very fact of succession tells of some other who, by death or removal, has passed away. There is most a loss as well as a gain. Men come and men go ; and so far the idea of transitoriness broods over all. Yes ! to the world this idea of newness may well seem the delight only of children, which men must outgrow. I do not wonder that year after year the critics and moralists, who limit their view to earthly life and visible history, ask. half sadly, half cynically, Why do you thus talk of a new year? Why should we trust that it will be happy ? Why should we look upon it as in any way a start of freshness and hopefulness ? But like all universal and deepseated instincts, this instinct of the world is right— wiser in its inner meaning than the wisdom, which rebukes it. It is simply one expression of the consciousness of an inner spiritual life in man, of which St, Paul's saying is true, ' Though the outward man perishes, the inner man is renewed day by day ' ; and through that consciousness it is the sure and certain hope of immortality. For the material world the text fulfills itself in one sense truly enough, through the inexhaustible and ceaseless stream of creative power, which, under whatever laws and processes must originally flow from the Source of eternal life. But there the new life is always produced out of death, and returns to death again, Creation, as a whole, lives— the sum of matter, the sum of force dormant or potent, are undiminished, but each created thing, in the form which makes it what it is, dies. It is in the spiritual world only that it is fulfilled in the sense in which we speak of a newness consciously felt and recognised. The spiritual life grows, changes, developes by, influenced from within, from without, from above, but it dies not. To it, each year doth mark, a real newness, because it is the entrance upon a new stage of an appointed and undying growth. What the world calls death will be a hlgher phase of this newness, and the waking before the great white Throne will hear its consummation in the final utterance, ' Behold, I make all things new.' And as it is with man himself, so also it is with the works which he does, and the societies that he forms. What is merely earthly in them perishes, giving perhaps material for some new formation, What is spiritual in them— the truth which is discovered and taught, the righteousness,which is done, the beauty which is created, the sacrifices of love which are offered, the revelation of God which is spread abroad, all these have a certain immortality in the history of this world, and, I cannot doubt, a true immortality in the other, for which this world does but prepare. The spiritual part of man lives on. In the very words which I am speaking to you, and the ideas which they embody, are gathered up, as many here will know, the legacies of civilisations which have passed away, as well as the inheritance of the long civilisation that still remains. This ever continued newness of all that is spiritual makes the real continuity, as well as the true nobleness, of all national life. Perhaps, in a community like this, in which material growth is so marked— in which perhaps it is this which most strikes us, when we look back from the Australia to-day to the handful of settlers, themselves mostly under clouds of disgrace who landed in Port Jackson a hundred years ago— perhaps, I say, here the contrast between the material and the spiritual is veiled. But still it is real. Material growth is at best mere bigness ; and even so, it is precarious and ultimately perishable. True, greatness is spiritual : and it is this which alone gives cause for wonder and for thankfulness, when we enter upon a new century. Hence, my brethren, it is in that society of men which we call the Church of Christ, bound together by ties, not of blood, not of place, not of time, but of spiritual unity with God in the Lord Jesus Christ that this consciousness of newness is most strikingly felt because supernaturally real. The Church has proved itself already, to believers and unbelievers alike, a society such as the world had never seen — always extending itself over new fields, always developing new capabilities, always (and this is perhaps the most remarkable characteristic) renewing itself out of corruption and deadness, so that national revivals are the rare exception, religious revivals the rule. But to us Christians that ever renewed life is the sign of the indwelling presence of Him who said on earth 'I am the life,' and who in Heaven declares ' Behold I make all things new.' What shall be the national life, even of the ever growing English speaking race, we know not. But of the Church of Christ we know that He has said ' The gates of hell shall not prevail against it ' 'I am with you always even to the end '—nay beyond the end— ' of the world.' And naturally it is on the application of the text to the Church of Christ and to our own branch of it, that our thoughts are chiefly fixed to-day ; although indeed, my brethren, I, for one, cannot but enter with very deep interest on the celebration in this work of the Centenary year of the colony — thanking God, not without wonder, for its growth in the past, and yet praying earnestly for the only growth, for which there seems ground for anxiety— the only growth for which I greatly care— the moral growth to a larger, a nobler, a purer, and more righteous life, I trust that our celebrations of it will not be vulgarized by cheap self-laudation, or of an ignoble content with the easy calculation of material advance. As with an individual, so with a community, it profits nothing to have 'gained in this a whole world,' ' till,' to use well-known words, ' every channel of the State is well nigh choked with golden sand,' and yet ' to have lost,' even to have failed to cherish our own souls— our own true life of truth and duty, of love and faith. But this, I grant, is not our subject to-day. For our Church also we enter upon the hundredth year ; and as we look back, tracing the growth of the little seed of the past, we must see how, in unceasing progress, God has continually made for us all things new. A hundred years ago, one solitary clergyman, scantily supported by the powers which then were — a rude church, scarcely more than a barn, raised by his exertions. almost by his own hands— a handful of worshippers, gathered in with difficulty and discouragement. But the ' bread was cast in faith upon the waters, to be found again after many days.' Yet slow its growth — slow in the community, slower still in the Church. When the foundation of the first bishopric became the germ of independence and self-reliance, almost half the century had gone by ; and in all this vast continent of Australia there were still but 17 churches and some 20 clergy. Then, thank God, began a fuller gift of newness. In the next half- century that one bishopric over Australia had even in this colony grown to six ; the 20 clergymen, even here, to some 300 ; the churches multiplied, I suppose, far more than twentyfold. With new calls and new opportunities had, thank God, come new growth, and that growth, as I myself know, increases in rapidity every day. You, my brethren, must see it, perhaps even more plainly, here in what is still, in some sense, a missionary diocese ; of which many to whom I speak have seen the first organisation and the whole growth, and must have known something of the self-devotion, the generosity, the all but gratuitous, labours of its first bishop. Yes, here, as elsewhere, this increasing greatness of growth teaches us wonder and thankfulness and encouragement from the past. Yet the Iesson is but the call and the pledge of an unceasing — nay, an extending — newness for the future. For the whole Province you know that we are entering on the new century with a bold scheme of Church extension— bold, perhaps, beyond our ordinary practice, but not beyond our powers ; and I value it, over and above its intrinsic usefulness, as a noble thankoffering, and what has been called 'a splendid audacity' of resolution and hope. For your own diocese, my brethren, of which it is not for me to speak, the welcome of your new Bishop to-day, in the solemn worship and communion of this House of God is surely your pledge, your loyal and hearty promise, of a new departure in enterprise and sacrifice. So much as this I know, that such departure is demanded by your needs ; so much as this I may rightly say too, 'Let need pass into accomplishment, and let the measure of opportunity be the measure of your service to God.' And yet the newness of visible growth is not the only newness, not perhaps the highest newness for which we pray. Surely, especially under the associations of this year, at some of which I have glanced, we must desire the growth of larger and deeper moral power of the Church of Christ— and God forbid that we English Churchmen should here fall short of our great traditions— over the whole life of this community. What sorrow to us, as men, what shame to us as Christians, that, under all the new conditions of life here the old gross sins of drunkenness, impurity, idleness, self-indulgence,— should still be working such widespread havoc of body and soul— that our commercial glory should still be stained by dishonesty, pretence, and falsehood — that our social and political freedom and self government should be too often disgraced by corruption, disorder, petty-selfishness of individual or of class. We see too clearly that neither material improvements nor intellectual education, though they have their place and value, can meet these moral evils. We listen to the grand promises of new philosophies, new systems of law, new enthusiasms, and we find them barren of practical result. 0 for a newness of regenerating power in that which, were it but deep and true, could work this moral and spiritual exaltation ! 0 that this our Christianity— even now, with all its imperfections, the salt of human society— could assert itself in a newness ot victorious power ! It would need no other triumph, I think, to convert to our faith, in reality as well as in name, an age which believes so unreservedly in results, and is crying out, perhaps it hardly knows how earnestly, for some realisation of the Kingdom of Righteousness and Peace. But that newness of moral power,— whence shall it come ? Only from a higher newness yet— the outpouring, which may God grant, of a fuller and brighter gift of the Holy Spirit in our souls and in our church. He is the Spirit of Truth. We need from Him a fuller insight into the truth of the Gospel— as in the greater depth, so in the greater simplicity which the advanced age of the world is teaching us. And with that should come a bolder newness of development from that external Gospel of those aspects of truth which meet the new questions and harmonise well with the new discoveries, of modern days— a clearer distinction between the Eternal Truth itself, which is unchanged because unchangeable, and the human expressions which have served their own day, but suit not ours. God forbid that we should ever give up the old citadel of faith ! From its time honoured battlements I myself am old enough to have seen one host after another of enemies melt away by simple failure or by internecine conflict. But from that citadel we may sally forth with new weapons, in new armour of proof, and dare things unknown in the warfare of days gone by. He is the Spirit of Righteousness. We need from Him a newness of the spirit of moral energy and duty, not for our own souls only — for it is a poor Christianity which thinks of saving them, and of nothing else— but in the world and in the Church. With growing diffusion of power there should come universality of enthusiastic duty. In the warfare of God, as in the warfare of the world, behind His regular army there should be ' a nation in arms,' Is it so yet? Alas ! evil prevails in the world, not from the love of it in the few, but from the apathy of the many. The service of the church for God languishes, because (to speak plainly) it is only the few, who ever scorn even to think of work, which would cost them something, and who rise above a lukewarm and critical approval to a noble 'hunger and thirst after righteousness' — the righteousness of the kingdom of God. 0 for a newness of spirit here combining — what is most difficult — individual energy with unity of order and sympathy. Before an army of God, so inspired and so united, all the strongholds of evil would fall, and the Cross go on to the conquest of the world. He is the Spirit of love— and love to God and to men is the true secret of enthusiasm— an enthusiasm which even duty lacks in fullness— an enthusiasm for which in these prosaic days, even at the cost of some vagaries and irregularities, we so greatly long. Love, that universal instinct, rising into a heavenly principle, is the ' victory that overcomes the world.' It is (so St. Paul says, echoing the words of his Master) the fulfilling of the law;' but it in something beyond this. It is the one secret of a willing, a glad self-sacrifice. 0 for a newness of love to man— hallowing better our homes, breaking down divisions and healing generally between men and classes, glowing in loyalty and patriotism to our country, embracing in what we rightly call humanity the whole of human kind. 0 for a newness of love to God in the Lord Jesus Christ, the reflection of his love to us, not content to fear, to reverence, to obey, but delighting to spend and be spent for Him, delighting in the communion with Him, which alone can fill our whole hearts. It was that enthusiasm of love in the early Christians which was the wonder of the heathen world. If we have lost the childlike simplicity of that first love. may God grant us love of a deeper and more thoughtful maturity ! Such brethren, are some aspects of the newest for which we hope and pray to-day. Most of all, I know, will the thought come home to him, to whom the installation of to-day is the entrance in an especial sense on a new phrase of life and service, for which he has willingly given up the old home, the old sphere of successful labour and love, the old church in which he had specially to minister, the grand old Minster to which it was his privilege to belong. Yet I know well that these sacrifices are light, if only the call which demanded them is realised in newness of progress and blessing here, advancing more visibly nnd more simply the kingdom of God. For him, on this day of welcome, I pray— first that God will grant to him on his life and work here that outpouring of spiritual growth and newness of which I have spoken, in which lie at once the strength of work, the cure of weariness, and the secret of peace ; and, next, that from you and from all whom you represent, he may find the sympathy of help and love and prayer, which, believe me, is an infinite encouragement and comfort, to a Bishop, and the only thing which can make a new country become a new home. Both prayers, and the larger prayer yet for our whole country and our whole Church — each now all but world-wide in its extension — let us seal before the Holy Table of the Lord, in that, sacred Communion which unites all in the most loving bond of the fellowship which grows not old, because it brings us all to the Eternal Source of life, ever new, according to His promise, in the Lord Jesus Christ.' After the sermon the Holy Communion was celebrated, and then the Bishop was conducted into the vestry, where the chief seat was given to him, and the Archdeacon said ' I, Thomas Robert Curwen Campbell, Archdeacon of Bathurst, and Canon of this church, do promise to pay counical obediene to your Lordship, Lord Bishop of Bathurst, as my Diocesan and Bishop.' The Dean, the Canons, nnd others did likewise ; an Act of the Proceedings was duly signed and winessed, and the assembly was dismissed. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESS. Shortly after the close of the Installation service an adjournment was made to the balcony of the School of Arts Hall, where a number of Iadies and gentlemen were introduced to Bishop Camidge and Mrs. Camidge, and an address from the clergy and laity of the Diocese was presented to him. Mr. J. Rutherford presided and called upon Ven. Archdeacon Campbell to present, the address. The Archdeacon said he believed he expressed the feelings of every person in the diocese in giving a cordial welcome to his Lordship and Mrs. Camidge. The diocese had now been without a bishop for more than two years, and no one had a better opportunity than he (the speaker) of knowing that the diocese had suffered very much from the want of a Bishop's guidance. The address he had to present was a joint address from the clergy and the laity, and it expressed in brief what they all felt. What they had heard of Bishop Camidge's knowledge of canonical and parochial work led them to believe that he would be a worthy successor of the late beloved bishop, concerning whom the Primate had spoken that morning in loving terms. (Applause.) He was sure that if it had not been for the sacred character of the edifice in which those words were spoken they would have been greeted with applause similar to that which had greeted his reference to them. (Applause) The address he had to present was a token of regard and welcome, and seeing that it was beautifully embellished with views of places with which his Lordship was familiar, and fac similes of his crest and seal, together with views of All Saints' Cathedral and College, etc., he believed it would prove an acceptable gift as a work of art. He would now read it, and ask his Lordship to accept it as from the Diocese of Bathurst : — To the Right Rev. Charles Edward Camidge, D.D. My Lord,— We, the undersigned, desiring to represent the clergy and laity of the Church of England in the Diocese of Bathurst, wish, upon the first occasion of your coming to preside over us as our Bishop, to offer to you a very cordial welcome. We are all well aware that it has been at no little sacrifice to yourself that you have left an honoured position in the old country, and a large circle of friends, to cast in your lot with the members of the Church of England in the distant colony of New South Wales. We appreciate also the self-denial shown by Mrs. Camidge in foregoing the advantages of an English home, in order to take up her residence in our cathedral city. Allow us, therefore, on behalf of our fellow churchmen to express to you and Mrs. Camidge our gratitude for the decision which you arrived at in accepting the Bishopric of Bathurst, and for carrying out as speedily as possible your purpose to come to Australia. Your Lordship will be already aware that the oversight of this extensive Diocese will involve no little amount of care and travel and though we are thankful to say it does not necessitate the missionary and pioneering labours which it did in the early days of your self-denying predecessor, yet we cannot hide from ourselves the fact that its extent is even now very great, and the work connected with it singularly arduous. Permit us, therefore, in connection with these facts, to assure you of our future support and co-operation. As clergy we will exhibit to your lordship that canonical and loyal obedience which is our duty, and which will also be our sincere pleasure. As laity, we will do what in us lies to assist you in the maintenance of our Church and the extension of the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. With the prayerful hope that the blessing of Almighty God may rest upon you in the execution of the duties of your high calling, and that many years of the truest and best happiness may be granted to your lordship and Mrs. Camidge in this new land, We have the honour to remain, Your humble and obedient servants, T. R. Curwin Campbell., M.A., V.G., F. M. Dalrymple. J. Rutherford R. J. Read G. Pinnock C. C. Dunstan C. D. Meares H. T. Holliday C. H. Beaver J. Young J. C. McLachlan W. H. Suttor, M.L.C. T. M. Sloman Geo. H. Cox, M.L.C. B. Cutler, J.P. J. O. Dopp [The address, which was beautifully illuminated and bound, was one of the choicest we have seen. The text was surrounded by a border in which were several designs, including the coat-of-arms of the Bishop and the See of Bathurst, views of Woodham College, the Oxford University, All Saints' Cathedral (exterior and interior), All Saints' College, Bishopscourt, and York Minster, the Cathedral of which Dr. Camidge had been canon, &c.;] In rising to respond Bishop Camidge was greeted with applause. He said he need hardly assure them that he felt deeply grateful for the very beautiful present they had made him. The first thing that struck him was its great beauty. He was fairly taken by surprise, and yet he confessed that he ought not to wonder, when he saw the scenes of beauty all around — that beautiful room, for instance, and the city itself nestling among the hills, and having so many pleasant surroundings. He had been told that Bathurst was the most beautiful place in Australia (Laughter and applause). But although he valued the address as a beautiful work of art, he valued it still more for the words of love and kindness which it contained. He was pleased that they should all talk of him as 'our Bishop,' and not simply as the Bishop of Bathurst. It made him feel that he was one with them, and if they only realised this as he did, he was sure their united work would prove successful. The address made mention of self-sacrifice, and while he did not deny that there was pain in leaving the friends of a life time, his loved church, and the grand old Minster, yet having once made up his mind to Ieave the old sphere of work for the new, he did not hesitate (Applause). But the sacrifice had been very much greater on the part of Mrs. Camidge (Applause). They had to find out what sort of Bishop he was, but he could assure them that they had got a splendid bishop's wife (Laughter and applause). Although she was present and would not like to be thus spoken of, he felt that it was only right that he should tell them that the sacrifices she had made were very great indeed. It pleased him very much to see that the clergy and the laity were combined. Somehow or other, in England they had not arrived at the right idea of the value of the laity, although they were now trying to do what had been achieved in New South Wales (Applause). He fully recognised the value of the services of the laity, and if the laity in England were enabled to do what they did here the church would be almost omnipotent. The clergy required sympathy and support, and he trusted in his visits to be able to cheer and help those who in distant parts of the diocese were labouring hard without hardly anyone to comfort or help them. (Applause), All human beings were liable to error, and he hoped they would judge him fairly, and at any rate give him always the credit of having the best intentions. (Applause). He was sure that if they were united this would be the beginning of very happy days in Bathurst, and that as they came to know each other the more attached to each other they would become, (Applause). From the School of Arts the company proceeded to the Oddfellow's Hall, where a COMPLIMENTARY LUNCH to the Bishop had been prepared. The tables were spread in Mr. Gartrell's best style, and Mr. Coleman's work as decorator was shewn to great advantage. There were about seventy ladies and gentlemen present, the chair being, occupied by Mr. J. Rutherford, J.P., and the vice chair by Hon. W. H. Suttor, M.L.C., the Bishops of Bathurst and Riverina were seated at the Chairman's right, while the Primate and the Bishop of Goulburn were on his left. Before commencing the toast list the Chairman read a letter of apology for non-attendance from Rev. J. Foster, Congregationalist. The toasts of the Queen and the Governor having been drunk, The Chairman proposed ' Our Bishop and his lady.' They knew that their bishop had left friends and relatives in the centre of civilization to come to the outskirts of civilization to teach them, and they ought to be very grateful to him. The emoluments of the office had not brought him here, for they knew that these were not great, and for this he was sorry, although when the bad seasons had all passed and the people became richer he had no doubt the fund would be considerably enlarged. But, as the Bishop, had told them, the sacrifices made by Mrs. Camidge were greater than those made by him, and he (the Chairman) hoped the ladies of the diocese would endeavour to make her life in Bathurst as pleasant as possible. (Applause). He hoped that Bishop and Mrs. Camidge would be pleased with the country in which they had to come to live, which was not the worst country in the world, by any means. The toast was received with cheers, and in acknowledging it Bishop Camidge said he did not agree with the Chairman in describing Bathurst as the outskirt of civilization, for he considered it quite a centre, seeing that it possessed halls equal to those found in the large centres in the old country. He had thought himself that he was coming to Bathurst almost as an imposter, since the papers had given such a woeful account of him, saying that he was in feeble health and suffering from debility ; but the kindness of his friends in Sydney and the beautiful air of Bathurst had restored him, and he hoped soon to possess full health and strength, which he promised should be expended in the service of the diocese, (Applause). He wished them quite to understand that he and Mrs, Camidge had come with the full determination to settle amongst them, and not as mere birds of passage who would feel the time of their detention a trial, and long to return to the old country. (Applause). They hoped to come to feel, if possible, as they felt in many respects, and to increase the influence of the church in the diocese by drawing the parts together in one united whole. They understood that the work of this enormous diocese (which was too much almost for one man) was not easy but he hoped the Primate would bear them in mind in the the apportionment of the Centennial Fund. He looked upon the work in Bathurst as a magnificent work, and so he had told friends in England when urging him not to come to the colony. From the first he had never hesitated, and, having decided upon coming, he longed to be amongst them. The office of a Bishop was a high one, but he wished them to feel that he was one amongst them, and although he hoped to maintain the dignity of his position, he wanted them to realize that he would always endeavour to work the good of the diocese, and in co-operation with them. (Applause.) It was desirable that there should be mutual accommodation, and there should be agreement in all their work. They were members of a grand historic Church, which had done great work in the past and was doing a great work in the present. When he looked at the work done in Australia, he was fairly astonished, for the Church started here with absolutely nothing, but the growth had been marvellous. They should try and remember that they were members of that Church, and try and bring closely home the fact that the knowledge and love of Christ were the main things upon which all must rest. He thanked them sincerely for their great kindness, and believed that the more they knew of each other the more they would like each other. (Applause). Hon. W. H. Suttor., M.L.C, proposed 'The Primate and Visiting Bishops,' and in doing so said he believed the rule in looking to the old country for their bishops was a good one. In the case of the Primate, the Selection Committee had felt the responsibility of their work, but he was sure they would all agree with him that in following the rule they had secured a man who would be a friend to the Church, and who would prove in every way the right man in the right place (Applause.) The second on the list was his dear old friend the Bishop of Goulburn, who was the last of the pioneer bishops in New South Wales. (Applause.) He had carried on the work in the South under great difficulties until the diocese had been divided ; and one of their guests was the Bishop of Riverina, who looked as if the country and the people agreed with him, and he believed the people got on well with him. The Primate and the Bishops of Goulburn and Riverina acknowledged the toast, each speaking in the highest terms of Bishop Camidge, and the two latter making special reference to the generosity of the Campbell family, to whom their diocese were greatly indebted for munificent money grants. Hon. John Smith, M.L.C., proposed ' The Heads of other denominations.' and the toast was acknowledged by Revs. Dr. Geekie and E. Price. The Primate proposed ' success to the Diocese,' which he said would no doubt awake an echo in every heart, seeing that it meant broadly drinking success and blessing to themselves. He remarked that success for the Diocese meant success for their new Bishop, who was identified in every way with it. The Diocese was a large one and involved much labour, but large as it was and considerable as was its labour, it was not actual work that would make the burden of their Bishop's life. If he had no quarrels to settle among the people for whom and with whom he lived, his health would not suffer. He advised the clergy to think and act for the church at large, and not for their own congregation of parish merely. They should aim at large unity, and rising above all congregationalisam and selfishness, let their Bishop feel that they had regard to, not their parishes or their diocese, but the church as a whole (Applause). A great deal depended upon the Churchmen of the Diocese also. If there was real Christian unity of feeling and work, no matter how hard the work might be, there would be no fear of the Bishop breaking down under it through losing heart. The Bishop should not be troubled with financial matters, the whole burden of which ought to be borne by the laity. Money was a dormant power, and for the right exercise of that power they were responsible. If it were freely and gratefully given it came in the nature of a sacrifice, which told upon the character of the man making it ; but if given as a kind of barter for power or position, it would prove a burden and a constant distraction from higher things to him who held the office of Bishop. In this sense the success of the diocese would depend upon the laity. The Primate then proceeded to refer to the initiation of the Centennial Fund, which he said was for the true work of church extension, and the extension of the episcopacy, which meant the increase of the clergy, increased organisation, and increased progress of the church. He alluded to the foundation of the Riverina Bishopric three years ago, and said that in that time the church of Riverina had grown a whole generation. He trusted that the Diocese of Bathurst would do its duty in regard to the Centennial Fund, for in spite of the cry about hard times he believed there was a large amount of resource in the diocese. If they did their duty he pledged himself that the Bathurst Diocese should share in it benefits. He intended to devote the fund to the increase of the episcopacy, and the subject of the division of the diocese would receive most thoughtful consideration. He desired success to the Bathurst and success to the diocese with all his heart, for he looked upon both as part of that success of the whole church of England and the whole church of the Lord Jesus Christ, Hon G. H. Cox proposed ' the late Bishop of Bathurst,'' and referred in enlogistic terms to his untiring energy and zeal and unbounded liberality while labouring to build up the church in the diocese. ' The Ladies,' 'The Press,' and ' The Chairman' were the remaining toasts, and those having been drunk the company separated. The CONVERSAZIONE took place in the Oddfellows' Hall in the evening, a large number of ladies and gentlemen being present. A very pleasant evening was spent, and all appeared to enjoy the social chat and friendly intercourse. The Bishop moved about freely amongst the audience and became acquainted with a large number of his people. The Liedertafel, under the conductorship of Mr. A. W. Juncker, sang three choruses, and several solos were rendered by ladies and gentlemen. During the evening the Primate, accompanied by the Bishops of Goulburn, Riverina and Bathurst, and Mr. J. Rutherford, ascended the platform. Mr. Rutherford explained that an address was to be presented to Bishop Camidge from the Committee of the Church Society. Ven. Archdeacon Campbell said that he had been deputed by the Committee of the Diocesan Council to present his Lordship with an address. The Bishop was aware of the importance of the work of this Council, and be hoped that now he had come amongst them as its President a new era would be opened. He then proceeded to read the following address :— To the Right Reverend Charles Edward Camidge, D.D.' Lord Bishop of Bathurst. My Lord,— As representing the Committee of the Bathurst Church Society, we take an early opportunity of approaching your Iordship, in the interests of a long established and very valuable organisation connected with your diocese. It will be known to you that in keeping with the example of several other dioceses of the Province of New South Wales, a Society known as the Church Society for the Diocese of Bathurst was established nearly nineteen years ago in the early part of the Episcopate of our first Bishop. The objects of the Society are professedly six in number, namely :— I. The support in part, or wholly, of clergymen or cathechists including the making of grants to them for travelling expenses to reach their destinations. II. The support, in part or wholly, of missionaries to the aboriginals or Chinese. III. The endowment of churches. IV. The erection and repair of churches and parsonages. V. The circulation of Bibles and Prayer Books and other religious publications. VI. Payment in part, or wholly, of expenses connected with the training of candidates for the Ministry. Unhappily, owing to the limited amount of support which the Society has hitherto received, it has, as yet, only been able to carry out partially a few of these objects. We believe that if the scope and intentions of the Society were more fully known and appreciated, larger and more numerous contributions would be given to its funds, and it would then be enabled to enlarge its borders, and greatly augment its usefulness. Your Lordship may be aware that the late Bishop of Bathurst, by the exertion of his influence, and the liberality, both of his family and himself, assisted very materially in maintaining the Society in the position in which it is held from the date of its foundation. In the year 1886 the present Governor of the colony was pleased to accede to a request, and has since that time been patron of the Society. We believe that your Lordship, succeeding as you have done to the vacant chair of the President of the Society, will exert your valuable influence for the benefit of this important Diocesan Organisation. As members of the Committee we will be honored and pleased to confer with you when called upon to do so upon the interests and concerns of the Society, and we trust that by the Divine blessing, and from the early days of your episcopate, these interests will be advanced more than ever before. We have the honor to remain in the Lord, T. R. CURWIN CAMPBELL, Acting President. For and on behalf of the Committee. Bishop Camidge said it afforded him great pleasure to receive their pleasing address. He admitted the importance of the Society from which it had been presented, but before refering to this he desired to advert to several points which had been brought under his notice. He would not detain them at great length, knowing well that at such a gathering the audience preferred listening to sweet music than to speeches. He must express his gratitude to those gentlemen who had that evening given them such excellent music, and he would congratulate the organist of the Cathedral for the manner in which he had brought forward the members or the Liedertafel (Applause). He (the speaker) came from a musical family, and a musical district, and whilst listening to the choruses he could almost imagine himself in the West Riding of Yorkshire. He believed that Bathurst had special capabilities for music, and he hoped that these would be enlarged, so that greater interest would be taken in music, and that the beautiful service which had been rendered that day would be more effectively rendered, if that were possible (Applause). One matter to which he desired to refer was his residence. During the afternoon he had paid a visit to Bishopscourt, and it had given him extreme pleasure to see what had been done to beautify the place. He considered that the Trustees and himself owed a debt of gratitude to Mr. Roberts, the architect, who, without fee or reward had superintended the arranging and ornamentation of Bishopcourt (applause). He thought that there were few places more admirably decorated than it was, and it reflected great credit on the gentleman who had had it in charge. The next point to which he would refer was one relating to the address. It was the name by which the Society was known — the Church Society. On this point he was going to grumble, for being a Yorkshireman he was in the habit of speaking his mind freely. He considered that the name was almost a waste of terms and because of it the Society was looked upon with a degree of coldness. The name should be the ' Diocesan Council,' seeing that all the churches in the diocese were interested in its work. The present was not the time to alter the name, but the Society could be spoken of as the Diocesan Council, and he was assured that greater notice would be taken of it. There were few things so important as this Society, for it was actually the back- bone of all the work in the Diocese. One object of the Society, referred to in the address, was the supply of incomes for the clergy. The country districts were differently situated to what Bathurst was. In Bathurst they had their beautiful Halls, Public Institutions, Cathedrals and Churches, and there was no difficulty of supplying the clergyman's man's income; but in country districts, where the population was only between 200 and 300, the case was different, and difficulties arose. In these places the clergymen needed the same support as those in larger towns, and it was therefore necessary for those in rich towns and districts to assist those less fortunate. In England there was comparatively little difficulty in securing the incomes because of the many and large endowments frequently received. In the colonies it was different, seeing that the endowments were few and far between, and they were dependent on voluntary donations. The people in Bathurst should take an interest in this question, and see to it that their interest was the interest of the church. As Christians they should no longer be content to allow these beggarly incomes to clergymen to continue but should try and do their best to make adequate supplies. There were numbers of worthy young men who applied to enter the ministry, but were debarred because of want of funds to prosecute their studies. The cry was made for educated clergymen, and the authorities did their utmost to supply such men, but they were unable to do this because they were without means. If the means were provided they would soon be able to supply the want of educated clergymen. He did not like to compare different places, but he certainly thought that the Diocese of Bathurst had not done its duty respecting the Society. If they referred to Goulburn they found that last year their fund reached £2000. The energy of the Primate was well known, and in his diocese the funds had been doubled since he had taken the question in hand ; he hoped this would be the case in Bathurst (applause). He (the speaker) felt sure that he had the hearts of the people, but he looked forward to getting nearer to them before long, and he hoped that as a consequence of the pleasant day they had spent they would not forget to do what they could to increase the incomes of their clergymen. From calculations which had been made, it was shewn that if each one connected with the church gave 1s per head the return would be £3000 per annum. The subscription had been made low, only £12 ; and when they considered that Goulburn contributed £2000 as against £500 in Bathurst, they should not only give their 1s, but their £5 and £50. He had heard of the bad time, but his experience was that when the determinatio was made the collections were always to the front. He had said a good deal on this subject, and he felt safe in letting the matter rest with the people, being confident that they would see the necessity of giving liberal support to what he again termed the back-bone of the work of the Diocese of Bathurst. (Loud applause.) The Primate next addressed the meeting, and in doing so made some allusions of an amusing character having reference to his enquiries in England as to what his position as Primate and Metropolitan in Australia would be, as the terms were synonymous. Upon his arrival in Sydney, he found that he was expected to do work in connection with the whole of the province, and to speak, at a moment's notice, on any subject, whether he was acquainted with it or not. This practice had been carried out in Bathurst, for he had preached once and spoken twice during the day. Now he was called upon to speak upon a subject which had been ably dealt with by their Bishop, He felt disposed to do as a man spoken of, who, when called upon under similar circumstances, contented himself by saying ' ditto to what the previous speaker had said.' He failed to conceive how the work of the diocese could be carried on without the Society. He had some knowledge of the working of a parallel institution, and knew its value. In his diocese the amount of free contributions was £6000 per annum, but this was not sufficient to carry on the work. Sydney was settled, and was small compared with the Diocese of Bathurst. It was easily worked, when compared to the tract of country which some of the diocese embraced, but the necessity of the Society was experienced there. They in Sydney had no fresh country to break up, but in a country diocese there was ten times as much necessity for the Society to be supported, and they could not do better than follow out the suggestion made to double their present contribution. They should go on doubling this until it was sufliciently large to meet the necessity of the diocese. Amongst other things, the Society represented the consolidality of the parishes, so that the rich parishes felt some concern for those which were poorer. It also represented the universality of contributions, and these were placed so low that they were within the reach of every one. For himself, he much preferred the small donations of the many to the few large ones, while he had no objection to either, and would reject none ; but where small donations were given and sacrifice, made, greater interest was awakened in the Societys for each felt they had a share in its workings. Wherever they got the large body of people to take up work they saw better results, and because of this, their Bishop had not over-stated the case in saying that the Society was the back-bone of the work of the diocese. He hoped the remarks of the Bishop would have the desired effect, and that, having secured the best man they could they would do their part by assisting to the utmost of their ability, They had done the first, they should now do the second. (Applause.) The Bishop of Goulburn said he was much in the position of the Primate, and would say ' ditto' to the excellent addresses which he had heard. In addressing himself to the question he would endeavor to be brief and practical. The principles of the society had been forcibly declared, and he hoped they would be put into execution by all representatives of the church in the diocese. In order to carry on the work of the society, and make substantial and permanent success, they must have perfect organization and machinery. In Goulburn they had an organising secretary, but this was found to be an expensive luxury, as the percentage was larger than it should be. They had now fallen back on the original organization. Upon his first arrival in the colony he founded an organization in Sydney, and within the first few months of his entering into his diocese he visited every part of it, and in all the centres of population he formed a branch of this society. Upon every subsequent visit he resucitated these, and always found it effective as long as he kept the work in his own hands. He had found that unless the Bishop organised the societies they languished. It was an advantage to impress upon the people the necessity of co-operation, and give them the opportunity of contributing. The annual subscription in Sydney was 12s. but he thought this was too small. He started in Goulburn at 21s. and found no necessity to alter it. He believed that if Bathurst would do this they would soon have their contributions doubled. There were some in the Goulburn diocese who gave £50 per annum, while in several instances he had received £100. One member of the Mort family, who was at present a clergyman in England, had forwarded £100 to the funds on more than one occasion. He said to the rich of the Bathurst diocese ' Go and do likewise.' He agreed with what Adam Clark had once said and that was that they should put all the irons in the fire. They should be careful not to burn them, but should have them ready for use. He was pleased to find he had a neighbour in the diocese of Bathurst. He had felt very lonely while they were without a Bishop, but he believed they now had the right man at the head of the church (Applause). -The following Clergy of the Diocese were present at the Installation services in the Cathedral, in addition to those resident in Bathurst: — Minor Clergy.— Revs. W. K. Howell. Guyong; R. Winter, Hill End ; H. Dillon, Sofala ; — Raymond, Grenfell ; Raymond King, Wallerawang ; W. Everingham, Mitchell ; J. Alldis, Molong ; C. C. Dunstan, Orange ; — Johnson, Cowra ; R. J. Read, Carcoar ; M. Smith, Cudal ; — Holliday, O'Connell ; G. S. Oakes, Corresponding Sec. Church Society ; J. Young, George's Plains.— Canons.— F. S. Wilson, Dubbo, and F. M. Dalrymple, Milltown.— Archdeacons.— E. Dunstan, Forbes, and H. A. T. Bentzen, Mudgee. 