THEY SAY, Ada: "Why, ono of your, check is red as fire, and tho other pnlo as a ghost-" Ella : "Yes, Harry was on ono side, and I was afraid mamn'ia would see us on tho other." Tiio axiom that " heat expands nnd cold con- traota " docs not apply to gas bills. Lady (to bosom friend) : "What's the good of keeping a clock in my bedroom ? I always know whafc timo ib Ib when my husband comes home. Jf ho makes a noiso, I know it is early yot, say haU-posb ten or eleven. If ho is very friendly, and bids me good night, then it has got rather late, about twelve or half-past But when ho pulls off his boots outside and 'comes to bed without a light, I am perfectly sure that it has already struck two." I wish I Irnew what to preach about next Sunday, '' said: tho Rev Mr Smoothtext, " Preach against the evil of riches," suggested tho churchwarden; "there isn't a nian in onr church worth over fifty pounds." ..." You will come to our bazaar to-morrow evoning, Mr Simpson, of course, "alio said with a bewitching smllu ; " and yon must bring lots ot money with you." Mr Simpson was' so overcome by tho smile that he waR' on Ills knees bofore ho knew It, and . presently everything was as it should he. " George, dear, ".the girl said, Inter on, and she said It thoughtfully, " perhaps it will be as well for you nobto bring too muoh money to-morrow ' evening. We ought both to practise- economy now, you know, dear," Whoever' doubts that newspapers havo a miaslcn should enter a trnmcar and see how useful thoy are to tbo men whon a fat woinan with a big basket is looking in vaiu for a scat. " Why is a good liumekcepcs like the girl of tho period 1'' asks tho Rov. 23.. J. Hardy (the author of "How to bo happy, -though mar ried.")' " Because she makes bo much bustlo about ft little waist." Tho Wedding Journey.— He : "Dearest, if I had kiiovm that' this tunnel was so long, I'd havo given you a jolly hug." She : " Didn't you?' Why,. somebody dld'l" ' " Did not tho sight of the boundless blue sea, bearing on its bosom white-winged fleets of tommeroo, fill- yon with emotion t' "Yes;' replicd tho traveller, " at first it did ; bub aftor a while it didn'b fiU mo with anything, lb sortor.empttedmdT'- .,A. queer; thing -about water. Is : that it adulterates nothing bub milk. A man can pub ib in his whisky, his wine, or his older, and he la ail right . but jf He puts clean wnter in Ms milk ho is fined : , A girl may be speaking the truth when tho ays, "Well, X Uko that fellow Uupttdcnoe." ! I I 1 