PORTLAND. (fbom our owk correspondent.) July 4. The annual ghost bas made its appearance, and by its acrobatic feats in negotiating fences and other obstructions insuperable to anything human, nearly frightened a local youth out of his senses. The young in an was returning from work, and. is a strict tee totaller, so that no suspicions of the society of another kind of spirit shonld be allowed to throw doubt on the truth of his story. This ghost business is all right when con fined to strong-minded men, but wheu chil dren and females are chosen as batts for tbe sport, it is playing the game too low down, and no punishment would be too severe for the cowardly person who wonld seek amuse ment in this manner. A boy, named George Thomas, was brought down from Heywpod fast night for medical treatment. Thomas, it appears, was chopping wood, when his axe caught on an overhanging limb and desoended on his great toe, almost severing the member, a portion of the cuticle only holding it to the foot. The injured lad is a Portland boy, his parents re siding here. The barracoota have re-appeared, bat not in any great nnmbers. One boat secured 10 dozen on Monday ; others lesser catches, and yesterday, again, a few were, caught- A basket or so of fine garfish were secured In s drawing srive'laat night. '. The Free Selector, tbe schooner I notified as having arrived wind-bound,, sailed on Monday for he? "destination, Adelaide, bnt returned again last night, bring unable in her light condstiofifwitii lack -of favouring winds, to make any headway. ' A number of the head -officers of the local branch of the A.N. A. proceed to Myainyn on Saturday week to open a branch of the Association in that poshing little township. The raring dnb has definitely derided to hold a bzaar In January next to provide funds for the erection of a'grafad stand. A deriga for the erection of the proposed and ! much needed etroctare is, I believe, in coarse . of preparation. The present secretary, Mr. J. R. Kean, is evidently determined to make hie term of office & notable year In the history of the dub. The conroe is now beinp improved, end when the grand stand is erected these improvements -will demon- : etrate what can be accomplished by a little energy andpereeveranck To-day onr footballers try conclusions with the. Condah aborigines. I will wire the result of the match, which I am Inclined to "believe will be a dose one. 