THE NEW OURATE OF ALL BSAINTS', ST, KILDA. It had been announced recently that the Rev. ObCharles Vaughan, late vicar of Oampbelltown, Tasmania, had accepted the curacy of All Saints', St. Kilda. and as the rev. gentleman was not without fame in his own country, it was natural, prehaps, that a large congregation should assemble. The church was fairly filled, and it is a large church. Men were numorous also in the congregation, and it is not without some expecation that men quit their cool bal conies after so sultry a day as Sunday tno sit for an hour and a half in a crowded church. All. werit with expectation probably, and it may truly be said the majority did not go away with disappoint ment. It was palm Sunday, and the always beautiful chancel was tastefully decorated with palms. The choir was full and effective; indeed it seemed that the choir had overflowed the stalls, and taken up a secondary position in the western gallery. Certainly there were some unsurpliced boys up there who were not untrained. Perhaps they have got the beat boys in Melbourne at All Saints', but the best boys are not quite so good as good girls for the rendering of sacred music or anything else. The psalms and canticles were nicely chanted, but the anthem did not shake the roof, or stir in men's minds the depths of devotion or adoration. And was it not singular to chose such an anthem for Palm Sunday ? SIt seemed appropriate for one day only 'the church celebration of the Crucifixion. It wau, indeed, an attempt at a musical 'portrayal of the tremendous scene-the soloist assuming the part of the expiring Christ, the chorus of the reviling.Jewe.' SThe soloist sang the great words entrusted tohim with pathos and power;doubleas the chorus also sang the music correctly, and to the satisfaction of their teachers. The new curate has a fair presence, rather that of a matured coadjutor than a nice curate, and a good and well trained voice. His intonation was very sntisfac tory, and in reading the lessons he evinced an appreciation of the exceptionally beauti ful liberalism of those particular passages of Scripture which gave promise of some thing better than usual when he should have come to the expression of his own thoughts. The text made a fair opportunilty, "Thou knewest the time ofthy visitation." It was Christ's last lament over Jerusalem, made in the full knowledge of the fast approach ing close of her visitation, and in the vivid realisation, not of His own passion and death, but of her impending doom. The preacher passed from a brief glance at the ignorantneglect of Jerusalem to the visita tions which nations frequently receive and neglect. Their visitations he regarded chiefly as their trial times, their crises, the occasions when it was required of them to decide and to act. It did not appear that any particular nation or time was in dicated, noinstance, modern and ancient, 'ao civen, only there wasan.epo?. -?-: . expreased toac-when tho visitation came those who could not recognise and appre ciate and accept it might hold the sway. The church was next considered-the church which did not always recognise her days of visitation or otherwise. How did the schisms which rant and divided her arise ? The preacher instanced some three schisms-the Plymouth Brethren the most recent of them-and he held that each had been caused by the neglect of the church to teach fully and clearly the nature of various sacraments. The connection be tween this neglect and the non.recognition of various days of visitation was not quite clear. And it might be asked why not offer a little explanation of the particular neglect which has occasioned the last and greatest schism the church has known ? The Sal vation Army is greater than the Plymouth Brethren, as a world-wide movement is greater than a parochial effort. Has that grown through neglect of any particular visitation ? Truly, yes-a visitation which has come to the church and the churches often and in vain. In dealing with the visitations of indi viduals, the preacher touched his best heights of pathos and eloquence. He was clear on the constant visitations of powers benign and malignant until one was fully accepted or the other triumphed. He pictured the open mind of the child fully receptive, though hardly retentive, of the truth of the All-giving good; of the man willing, for the most part, to accept, but making certain reservations, by which he wrought and sealed his own doom. To make any reservation was an attempt to drive a bargain. There must be absolute surrender, acceptance, recognition. The reservations usually made by women seemed to the preacher to be in the matter of dress and frivolity. Their little vanities were so often the treasure-houses of their lives and the charnel-houses of their souls. The great and good ideal of the consecrated womanhood was eloquently defined, and the special visitation which led to consecration certainly left untouched. "Consecrated Womanhood," would indeed be an admir able text for a future sermon, and the Rev. Charles Vaughan might in such a sermon make himself clear and more useful per haps than he has yet imagined. Visitation generally, of course, he re garded as the approach of God to man, the prompting of the Holy Ghost, the spiritual and divine guide. They came through the church at times through sacraments and the special seasons of her year ; through her preachers, whose message was too often regarded and criticised as a mere secular, effort, when in reality it should be the communing of God with man. He was earnest in his expessions of hope that if visitation came ever through the voice of the church or her preacher, even as ?Nathan's unto David," Thou are the man, " it might not be put aside; and eloquent in advice that the chances of visitation which the Passion Week would offer might not be neglected. He beleived evidently in the eflicacy of sudden calls. A visitation might be a call, and might at any moment come, and with unmistakable clearness and force, and for the last time. A time indeed would come when visitation would certainly cease, thedays would not continue for ever. The sin against the Holy Ghost was still to be sinned, and the fate of the F'ooolish Virgins still possible, to those who were fully determined not to know. There was no doubting the earnestness of the preacher, nor any room for criticism as to the thoroughness with which he had prepared his sermon, or the eloquence with which he delivered it. It was, however, reading, not preaching. Mr Vaughan does not speak to his audience in any sense. Hereads, and they may listen. His read ing is good and his matter is good, but it is not as the direct speech- from heart to heart. Also it must be said the reading is always as from a churchman to church members. One might be tempted to say the new curate of All Saints' is a minister of the church first, and a member of the human family next. He seemed to ignore all those visitations which come through thedirect appeal of suffering or for charity. Visitation was more likely to come with the sacraments and ordinances of the church than with " the bitter cry of the children," or the pathetic appeal from the slums. It waslack of doctrinal teaching and not neglect of human Christian duty that wrought schisms. All these notions may have grown amongst Tasmanian hills and therefore may suffer some purgation and amendment by contact with Mel bourne's fierce and busy life; and if so it be, we shall by and by get practical and useful sermons from Mr Vaughan, as now we have had a nice pleasant Anglican dis. course, eloquently delivered and clearly composed.-Argus. 