An Impending Doom. CHAFTHR XXIV.— Liko a man gone tuad, tlio young Laroiit'i galloped homo. Tho sickly glimmer of tlm fitful moon sliono on a fa co that would never bo moro ghastly in bis colli ? — on strainod oyoa and cotnproBfcd Hps. It scorned to liim but an instant from tbo time ho nniil hnrlftaliAfl nn tbo ovonuo at Kingsland, loaped off bis foaming bar, and etrodo into tbo bouso. Straight to his wifo's room ho went, Horco, inrinciblo dotormination in OTcry line of his rigid face. 11 She thali tell mo all — sho shall, by heaven 1" ho criod botwoon hie cfoncbod tooth. Hooatored hor drossing-room — sho was not thore j hor boudoir — sho was not thore; hor bedroom — it, too, was empty. Ho seizod tho boll, and noarlv toro it down. Claudine, tho maia, looked in with a startlod foco. " Whore is your mistress. ?" Tbo girl gazed round with a bewil dered air. " Ib my lady not horo, sir ? Sbesont mo away oror an bourago. Sbo was lying down in bor dressing-room. Sho said alio was ill." Ho lookod at hor a moraont. It was evident sho was tolling tho simple tritth. "Sond Miss Silror hero." " l am not sure that Miss Silver is in the house, Sir Ever&rd.; I saw bor go out with Edwards somo timoago ; but I will go and boo." Claudino departed. l'ivo minutes passed— ton ; ho stood rigid as a stone. Tbon camo stops — hurried, agitated — tho Foots tops of a man aud a woman. Ho strode out and confronted them Edwards, bis volot, and Sybilla Silror. Both wore dressodas from a rocont walk : both wore palo and agitated faces. Edwards barely repressed a cry at sight of bis master, with that fixod, awful faco. " What is it F " Sir Erorard asked. ( A dull prcfiontimont of somo hor rible calamity had taken possession of of him, body and soul. The valet lookod at Sybilla in blank terror. Miss Silver covered hor faco with both bands, and turned away. "What is it?" the baronot re- poated, iu a dull, thick voice. 11 ' Whore is mywifo?" " Sir Evorard, I — I don't know bow — sho— she is not in tbo house." "Whoro is sho?" " Siio is— in tbo grounds." "Where?" " In tho Beoch Walk." " With whom ? ' Ho know boforo bo put the ques tion. Ho bad loft bor ill — unabfo to quit her chamber, as sho said— and this was how bo found hor, coming homo soonor than was anticipated. " With whom ?" ".With Mr. Pannalco." There was a dead pause. Sybilla clasped hor hands, and looked im ploringly up in his faco. "Don't be angry with us, Sir Evorard ; we oould not help scoing thorn, 1 lost a lockot, and Edwards camo to help mo to look for it. It woe Ly tho merest clinnco wo camo upon tuem in tho Bcoch Walk." "1 am not angry — still in that dull, thick voice. " Did thoy boo you F" " No, Sir Evorard." "Did you boar what thoy said?" "No, Sir Brevard; wo would not have listened. Thoy wore talking; my lady eoomed( dreadfully agitated, appealing to him, as it appeared, whilb he wa& cool and indifferent. Just before wo camo away wo saw her 'giro him all tho money in hor purse. Ah, bore she is now. For pity's mike, do not bolray us, Sir Evorard 1" Sho flitted away like a swift, noiso- less, ghost, closely followed by the valet ; and an instant later, Lady Kiugalund, wild and palo, and shrouded iu a long mantle, turned to enter her dressing-room, and found horsolf faco to faco with bor wronged CHAPTER XXV. Tin: uiiEAKixa or the aTonu, Sho looked at bim, and recoiled with a cry of dismay. Ho stood bo- fore bor so ghastly, so awful, that with a blind, unthinking motion of intonso terror, sbo put out both hands, as if to koop him off. " You bavo reason to foar mo," bo said, in a hoarse, unnatural voice. " Wives havo boon murdorod for loss than tbis ! " Hybilla and Edwards hoard tho ouunova wows, and lookod blankly in oacb other's faces. Thoy heard no more. Tho baronot caught bis wife's wrist in a grasp of iron, drew bor into tbo dressing-room, and closed tho door. Ho stood with his bock to it, gazing at her, bis bluo oyos filled with rago. " "Whore bavo you boon ?" Ho 'asked tbo question in a voice moro torriblo from its menacing calm than any wild outburst of fury. His wifo's oyos mot his, full, and clear, and proud. Sbo was doadly nolo ; but sho camo of a haughty and learloss raco, and in this hour of bor fiKtremitv alia did nnfc blnncli. "In tho Booch Walk," sho an swered, promptly. " Witn whom P" " With Mr. Farmaloo," Hor glanco novor foil. Sho looked at him proudly, nnquailingly, full in tbo face. Tbo look in bis flaming oyos, tho tono of his ominous voice, wore bittoriy insulting, and with insult bor imperious spirit rose. " And you dare stand boforo mo— you dare 'look mo iu tbo faco," ho said, between his, cloncbod tooth, "mid toll mo this?" " I dare !" sho said, proudly. " You have yet to learn tohaf I dare do, Sir Everard Kingsland." Sho drew herself up, in hor boauty and hor pride, orucl anil dofian t. Hor long hair fell loose and unbound ; her faco was colourless as marble ; but her dark oyes were flashing with angorand wounded prido, and at hor brightest sho bad novor lookod moro beautiful than sbo did now In spito of himself, be softened a little at tho sight. "So.booutiful aud so lost 1" be said bitterly. "So utterly docoitful and depraved ! Surely what they toll of her mothor must bo true. The taint of dishonour is in tho blood." ano conugs was iusiautaaeout. iao ; pallor of bor faco turned to a burning red. Sbo claspod her bands with a sudden spasm over hor heart. " My mother !" sho gasped. " What do you say of her?" " What tboy say of you — that she was a falso and wicked wife. Deny it if you can." Again that change. Tho crimson flush diod out, and left bor white, and rigid, and cold, with eves that literally blazed. . " No," sho said, with an imperial feature of scorn. " 1 deoy nothiug. f my husband cau boliovo such a vilo slander of his wife of a month, lot it bo. I scorn to dooy what bo credits so easily." Sir Erorard broke into a hit tor laugh. "I am afraid it would tar oron your invention, my lady, to deny thvso very plaiu facts. I leave you in yonr room, too ill to lcavo it— too ill by far to rido . with mo to my mother's, but not to ill to got up and meet your lover— shall 1 say it, modain?— clandestinely in tho llooch Walk as soon as I am gone. You' should bo a littlo moro careful, madam, and make sure, before you hold thoso confidential fete a'frteti, that tho servants are not listoniug and looking .on. Lady Kingsland and Air. Farmaloo are tho talk or tho county already. To night's mooting will bo a lastionnr- louche added to tho spicy dish of scandal." "Have you dooo?" she asked, looking very palo. " Havo you any moroinsults to oflor ?'' " Insults !" tho baronot repeated, hoarso with passion. " You ao well, madam, to talk of insults— lost, fallen creature that you are You havo dis honoured an honourable name, be trayed a husband who lovod and trusted you with all his heart, blighted aud ruined his life, covorod him with disgraco; And you stand thoro and talk of insult! 1 liavo lovod you as man novor loved woman boforo; but heaven bolp you, Harriot Kingsland, if 1 had a pistol now." Sbo foil down on bor knees before bim, and held up bor claspod bands. " Kill mo !" sho cried. " I am horo at your foot. Havo mercy and stab mo to tbo beart, but do not drive mo mod with your horrihlo reproaches! May heaven forgive mo it I bavo , brought dishonour upon you, for I meant it! Novor — novor— so holp me hea.on with his inward agony. " Knool to Him who will judge you for your baseness, it is too late to kneel to mo. Oh, heavens "—ho turnod away and eovorod bis faco with liis hands— " to think bow I loved this woman, and bow bitterly sbe bos deceived The .unutterable agony of bis tono —that wild, tlorco cry of anguish— to ber dying day Harriot Kingsland might never torgel it. His words burst from him, cvcrvoim bitter, ns'if tiugcd with his heart5# blood, l loved her, and 1 trustod hor J would havodied to navo hor ono hour' of pain,aud thin is my reward- Dis honoured — disgraced — my . lifo .blighted— my heart broken— dcceivod 'from first to last !" " No, no; no J" she shrieked aloud, and clung to his knees. " 1 swear to you, Evorard— I am guiltless! By all my hopos of heavon, 1 am your truo, your faithful, your loving wife." Ho turnod aud lookod up at hor in whito amaze. Truth, that no living being could doubt, wsb stamped in agony on that upturned, beautiful, faco, Ho looked at ber in a mute anguish words can novor paint, for lie lovod bor — bo lovod bur with a supreme love. lO UK CO.VriXUKD. 