N']IB IOROUGnII COUNC'IL Mr'T on Thursday eveoning; preCsent the Mayor and Aldermen Clifford, lHawkin, UBall, and BeOnd. Electric Lighting.-Alderman Clifford moved by conseonlt without notice, " lthat this concil invite offers, to be sent in by 14th February, from persons willing to instal electrie lamps in the municipality, in lion of the presenot gas.lamps ; such offers to state the yearly cost to the council for nach light, the power of each light, tle time relquired for the installation, tie cost of installation, and yearly eont in private residences us per light of twelvo to Rixty candle power, and bwhat bond is offered for due por. formance of the work if offer is accepted." leconded by Alderman Ball and carried. Alderman Clifford moved, "thalt advertisacments inviting offers be inerted thlroo timlnes in the local papers, the Sydney Morning HIerald and Daily Telegraph, and a lMelboerne paper." Sucondeld by Alderman Ball and carried. Fmannce Itelports. -The relport of tihe fianeo com miltoo (])eclmber 10, present Aldermen InHawinas and oond), recommeuonding paymeint of thu fol lowing necounts, was submitted :--Thlroo woeekes' wages, £181 4/4; salaries and commissiion, £43 9/10; cesspit acount, £8; gas company, £62 11/60; E. E. Nye, lighiting lamps at Eastgrove, £1 ; rent, £7; Advertiser, advertiincg, £2 2/; Stubluingo Brothers, bricklt, £1 10/; Jame Deonoheoe, contracts in Sloano and Chlantry streets, £159 10/; Furner Brothers and Joies, store nosount, £2 8/1; W. Franeis, timber, £9 ; S. BeUontt, blanolkemith work, £8 7/6; W. LanI and Co., store account, £1 10/10; 0\. Rogers and Co., ditto, £18 10/9; total, £449 10/10.-Adoptsd. Thie samo committee recommended the following payments in connection with tebo water.supply: Balaries, £25 10/; Mittagong Coal Company, coal, £8 10/1; trainage, £5 4/; F. W. Johnson, repairs to water-cart and cartage, £3 18/4; C. Bath, labour, 18/; Gibbon Btrotlers, ironwork and repairs, £11 12/8; total, £50 18/8.-Adopted. The same commnittee recommennded that a more efiloient mode of book.koeping be'adopted, and that a large single book be procured as advised by the auditore.-Adopted. WVater Engineoer's Reoport,-Tho engineer at the waterworks reported that during November 4, 851,125 .gallons of water were pumped into the ?ettliog tank; 5,503,680 gallons were used, and there wore 1,841,488 gallons remaining in reserve on. 80th November. He also reported that on 12th instant five feoot of water was running over the sill, representing 8,000,000 gallons, that there were 2,850,000 gallons in the reoaoervoirs, malting a total of 5,850,000 galloens for use. The daily conasump. iHun was 128,607 gallons, but sinoo the rain the con. sumption for the last twenty-four hours Is reduced to 97,101 ganllons.- loeccivod. Watelr- Inspector's oport.-Theo water-inspector reportled that at five o'clook on the mnorning of' 80th November he. found the wator.pipe running at Mr. James Morgan's garden, and on making inquiries found that it had been running all nilght.-To lie on the table. Workling Overseer's Report.-Tlio woaking-over. seer reported that tile portion of tbs gutter on the west side of Slonano.street from Montague-street to thie Terminue Hotel is now completed and allows the water to run away, but that the old gutter fromn the hotel to Verner-streot presoets so uneoven a nur face tlat tie water lies in it until it boeomus often sivea. Ho recommnooded that the oeurso of stone pitchers neot to the korbing be removed and cement eonorete eubstituted, and thus have an even surface. -Rocommendation adopted. The Weir.-Aldorman Clifford drew attletoution to the necessity for tie council to hlavo some super. vision over the oreotion of the weir at thie weater supply. He had been informed that tie governmeet oileser in chargo of the workt had also to superintend work at Balmould and would consequently at timnes be absent. It had been said that the rooke at the bbttom of the river was slehaly, and with the bad workmanshlp at thie waterworlks before them it behoved the oouuell to see that this work was per formed in a proper manner. Alderman Ball said that the officer in elargo was waiting the arrival of an oflicer from Sydney to relieve him before le mwent to Balmauald. IHo thought that if the counccil also appointed an oeieur to nepcrvise the work the two would be liltkely to clash, The contractorn were bound to keep thie weir in good repair for two months alter it was completed and this was sutmoienut guaranten that the work would be properly done. Tle Mayor said he would write to Mr. Tooce on the sebject with a view tlhat the workt may be pro perly supervised. Oorrespondoence.-Tho oorrospondenoo was than dealt with as under: Fromn W. Trnbahaw, stating that he purposed building in Upper Vernor-stroet, and asking for the lovels.-To be nohonwlodged, and thie writer informed that the council woro unable at present to supply the information requirod. From W. Toeco M.P., stating that tihe district offier hoped to visit Goullburn on Friday or Monday last to define the amended bondaries of the wards in connootion witll tie additional ward. Alderman Hawktins moved that thie bount darios of the east and centro wards be as follow :-East ward: Commencing at Thorn's eridge, thlenec north. waerd along Braidwood-road to Sloano-strecet to Grafton - trcet, tlncee along Grafton - troot to Reynold-street to Fitzroy bridgelo, thence along Meul warroo oreok to junction with Wollondilly river, thlnoee by that river north and eastward to tihe original north and east muuicipal boundary. Oontre ward: To be bounded on thie southl by Olinton-street to DBconcn.troot, and tlhence by lRolst's road to tioe western boundary of the municipality. Sneonded ey Aldornman Ball and carried. The boundaries of the north and south wards remaini thie sam as originally named exsoopt the part taken for thie now ward. From J. Tylor and Sons, quoting prices at which they wmoro prepared to supply tile eoucoil witlh water motors, to be paid for wen sold by tie couanoil,-To be acknowcledged and the writers informed that their ofer was favocurlly ontortainod, and that they would be eommunuicated with wbon a nepply of motors was required. FIromn the lessee of the wighlbridge, etating that a docnmennt was being taken round to tile farmers of tile district for theoir signaturo pledging them to sup pert a private weigllhbridgo at hlalf tile lcharges authlor isned by the council, and asking the concoil to devise some nmeans by wiehl to conservo their own revenue and proteot tbo lessee from lose.--Oonsidoration postpuoed till next meeting. From George Plhillipson, asking for the permanent lovels of Addison- streeoot, as be purposed building., To be aenuowlcdgedl, and the writer informed that tile connoil were unable at present to supply the informatince soughlt. Fromn the contractors for the weir, asking for the loan of some 4.inch or smaller piping, and stating that they were prepared to give a guarantee to rn. place any piping damaged.--Rlqueent granted on the conditions named. From Jlohn Shlolo of Auoburn.stroot South, ri queating that he be nupplied with water for domestio acd gardoeln use at en uuieorm rate, acd that all water be supplied througli the meter already lnod.--B. ferred to tile water-caommittee for report. Tecndor.--Tnonder for tihe undermentioned wortks wero connidercdl, and tlme follewieng were accepted: Guttering in Aulre and Voerncor streets, Bhurmor and Day, £108 5/- and £116; laying waater-main in Jolhn, Coromandol, and Kiioghorn streets, James Donohoo, £iH (0/li, £72 1.1/9I, and £0 liG /6. Furniture, Town - hall. - The Mayor brought np a report from the committeo appointed to see whalt furnituro was required for the town- hall. The report spocified whlat the committeo thought re quisite, and they wore empowered to purchaeo tlie senae. Tinss cencluded the businese. Cr'icket:r .-The following will represent the Orientals in thie match against oighteeoon of the Carthosas at Eastgrove thies afternoon:-Donnis, Donoghuo, Nesbitt, Finlity, Brown, Pureshoune, Lumedon, Spillano, Bibson, Hinocks, and Weothcrby, with Wohlow as emorgonoy, Tile Ilailwily Conlll?tlsiolesH.-Oon Thursday last he essrs. Eddy aud Oliver, railhay oinmissionora (Mr. Fihon hfaving returned to SLydoney from Goulburn), omado a pereonal iinpectlion of the propoonl lion of railway to Crooikwell. Tlhey we:re met ait Crookwlell by Mr. Olrnm, }lou. accreotry of the progress comlnittee, wihe piretenut l thbun with an address of welcoao nt Tatternall's Hotel, where they were joined by membcre of tihe progress committee nod others. The coolnmrissioners were lupplied with a rolmmarived report of Mhesrs. Good. chap's and Grinlmn's evidonce beforo the seleut com mittevon the Goulburn to Tueva Tramway Bill, and statomnoutsnt were alo mudo by cororal perlons of the renources of the district, wlhich it was urged would be increaed by the construoction of a railhay. The cormlooiioneros listened attentively to all the facts laid before them, but did not give auny opinion on the question. Tlhey returned to Goulburln tbo soinme evening by way of Liggan and Woodhouseloo. Yesterday they inselleted tb proposed line from Tarago to Braidwood, returning to Goulburn in the evening.--To-day they will pay a visit of inspection to the proposed lilne from Galong to Burrowa. Ltcdies' ty Mlissliol,.--A opecial meeting of the eomnlnlttee of tile Ladies' City Mission nond Stranuger' Relief Society was held on Wednesday last; present, the presideot, iMrs. Mloitiset, and iMesdameo Davidson, Barber, Oliver, Joplin, Frcomaon, Craig, Betts, Furuer, Dalton, Galo, Wombey, and Harmor, antl Mis MnrII o.O The nmooeting waol lponed witl prayer, and the moinutes of tihe previous meeoot ilg were road and confirmed. lMaltters relatieg to ourrespoodenlco were then dealt with, alter which a lisosnesion took placeo s to the boot menlis of pro viding a COristmas dincer for tile diserving poor. It wans finally decided to provide each flamily witl the article* elecessary for tice same, and thie socretary was instructed to procure Christman letters and literaturo suitable for dintribution among tle poor, the onid papers to be enclosed in tile parciels and sent to the diffeloreont families, of lwhich seventeen coee mentioned, besidel others Irindly provided for by the preidvnt and other ladies of tie committeeo. Thie conclndod the business and the o moeeting closed with tle Beeudiction. Finle Arts iand Sclaolea?tic:.-The first oxlhibition of etnduents' wvork under thie anpices of the Goulburn Couservetoiro of Painting sod iuslio wvas opened ill tile largo assemcbly room nt the neadonly of measie yesterday alterlleotn by thie iayor (Mr. I. S. Grannoe). The roomt, though splacious, did not afford sumlcient aocommodatiol for tile large and fashionabllo gathering that respoedcd to tlhe joint invitation of Mr, Rondll inud Mr. E. W. Kelso i.A. (principal of King's college). Tihe oeleibition wasn under the peitronago of his Excellenecy Lord Carring ton, and lthe mnayor alld mlyorc?s otf Goclbulrn. Tile paiutings and art stuldies of tlhe pupils numbereod niboent fifty, owere grteatly admired, and were pronouncodl by tice visiltors to be hIighly credit able to the masteor (f[r. liendall) and the pnpils.--The anoeual distiibution of prizes, &c.;, in connection with King'e colloge also took plate in colljunctiln withl tho above. lMr. Gannon coupiod thle clhair. An attralctive programmet of voal andr inelrulental mlnlaio cid recitations was ably ustanlotd by the pupils. Mr. Keloo road hi1 annlual report, which dealt exhaustively with tlhe progress of tie inntitution during the past year; and tihe Rev. Dr. Ellis also delivered an instructive addron to tliose precsOti. Thie ipupil pCreseCeld Mr. Meleo with a Ihandsomen study chair, whilch to Mr. oelPn wnas all thie morne occepltablo from its being totally unexpected. The lprizes weore presented by the nlayorcers, and nceh boy ces h stetllelld forward for hie prize was iheartily applanded.-Furtlher par ticnliars of thle oxhrbilition and distribution will be given in our next. Universily Erxanilnatiolns,-Tln certill. oateo for the following successnful candidates from Ienrstville collego at the recent university public xaclinatious hiave just been received by the princi pal, Mr. Kennedy: - James Bakor, hiistory, gecogrniphy, Ernglish, arithmeotic; OcGorge Blrownhill, hittlory, geography (first.-olass), English, algobra, geometry; leginald Carl Daly, hlistory (first.class), Freonch (irst-.elan), Latin, arithmentic, algaebra, geometry; Alfred Puddiaomble, hisietory, geographly, geometry; Froderilch rand, history, geography (finrst-casta), Latin, aritihmetlic, algobra, geometry. Tile oertifi enton are datlod fifth day nf November 1888, and are signed by Theodore S. Gurncy, dean of the faculty of arIts, and HI. E. Barff, registrar. 'the Se- asoi.-Duricgl the past woolk a high telnperaturo has prevailed, the hoeat at timce being very oppressive. The thermometer ha a ttained a manxiomum in tile shade rallging from 78 to 05 (the latter on Tuesrday last.) On WVednosday oveeing a olight shower floil, and on Thursday night there were neveral heavy showers. A total of lhalf.an-inll was r'gislered in iGolburn, tlhe same amount in Gun cing; at Oroolewoll twenty-flvn pointn, ancd at Taralga vixtoon. From tile Braidwood distriot a fall of about an inchl in reported. Indincaticne promise further showern. Followrigl the fall of an inch and a-ball a fortnightacee, the effect if lthe recent itlhowors is very markted. There in now a fair epring of grase, and tlih appearance of vegetation generally lhas greatly improved; watcr-supplioe have also huoen re plenisheld. Thoughi thie spring crops must necas. narily ibe light, they will not as wan at one tinm foared be in all casone failureso; and tile propnoest for summner food and autumn orops are onnouraging. Elccitric Lighltilg.,-It will be noon from thie report of Thursday's moeeting of the borecugh cocuril, that on the motion of Alderman Oliford it wan decided to invite Ioffers from persons willing to instal oleotrin lamps in lion of tboe present gas-lamps in tlhe nlllciipality ; snuc ohffers to be reoeirable to tho 14th February next. This date lnhas boon ehoson iecanon it will be that of thie firt mooting in the now muniocipal year. Accident.-About ton days ago Mr. Patrlick Byrno of Spring Valloey whilst riding ilhad hls ankle novereoly ercshed against a treen and was aftorwards thrown from his horsen with his foot under him. The reaclt was that tile ankle was severely sprained. He applied romndite, but the sprain was not rolieved, onscequontly ie came into Gooulburn yesterday and tire injurty nwas attended to by thb assistant at Maensr. Watts and Co's. ILilfe Saloottrulg.-A match lcetweon teame selected fctm the Goulbucrn Ex cadeta and leserve Rifle Oompany was shot off yoslorday afternoon at tio rifle raoce and resulted in a victory for the former by 78 points; thie enores being, EBcnadoto 481, Rorve Rifloe Company 408. St. S?lvlouIl'o Citlhedral.-Order of nor. vine to-morrow: Holy COmnlnnuinon, 8 a.m.; morning prayers, 11 n.m.; pronacher, Rloe. Dr. ullim; oljooet, the Baptist nod thie Baptism with the Holy Ghost. Evening prayors, 7 p.m.; Magniflcat and Nuno Dimnittin (Stanler) ; antheom, IHoar my Prayer (Wintor) ; proacher, Rnev. Dr. Ellin; sljecot, Death and the Believer. ConaditionnI ti l u'el'cltses aud Leoses. -Applioatioon woro made on Tlhursdny inst as under: -At Gonlburn: Kennethl Mo Keonci, 40 anores o.p. and 120 norens c.l., Oineaceor; John o Icntonh, 40 nores a.p. and 80 ncres c.1., Thalaba.-At Gucon sing: Georgeo I. WV. Pyo, 40 nores o.p. and 240 noreons .1., Bunton.-At Yase: Catholrino M. Pattorson, 80 naree np, and 2410 noros o.l., Mlundn noon; Josnph Armstrong, 2 acrones op, and 140t ncreo oel., Drrinigullon. Brnlllrpl'lllcry-.-A first meeting in thie estate of John Longetaff, lato landlord of lMandolson't Hotel, Goulburn, was appointed to be hold at Goulf burn on Thursday before the distriot registrar, but tile bankrapt did not attend. T?e reqouisite number of creditorr (threon) to provent the meeting lanpsing wore present. IMr,-Botta, one of the orediters, said hie lhad a lotter from thie oilelal nosignoo satilng that the blanltrlpt wag unable to attend thin mooting and anuggoenting its adjournment to the regictrar's ofaoo in Sydney. The district registrar aaid he hbd also re coivod a letter from the registrar in Sydney appoint ing lhalf.pnst thire on thie litornoon of 28th instant as tife hour for the mooting to be held. MIr. H. O'Brian, who appearoed for two orenditors, requreted that tie publio oxamilnation of bankrupt also talc plneo at the anmo time. The district registrar said thie rogiotrar in Sydney elated in Ils letter that the publio oxaminalion could not be takenl before tihe third Wednesday in February. The mooting wan accordingly adjourned to thie 2A8tlh instant at Bydney, and the publif examination to Wednesday, 20th Flelcruary, at Sydney. NOxlolus Aninlanls.-Following is the return of onalpo rooeived during the month of November at thie ofnc of the ctoolt nd pnastures board for tihe distriet of Goenlburn :-Brush wanllaby, 0458; rookl ditto, 4068; hIero, 7003; native dog, 1; total, i 2,iao. 'hl'he Codlil Ihlotla.--This uuwolcomio and dcotroativo enemy to fruit Ihas made its apponearance again thlis year in thie gardonn around Yaes, and lns playd grat havnoo with the apples and pears. Last year was the flrat time those posts apponared in this distriot, and they are no numerousn now that it ia said the npplo orop this year will be a failure.. Conror. Tho now loan to be oontraolod by the Vicotorian gorvernmont is to bha £BO000,000 in amount and is to be offlored at 8? per oent. 