1he Circus. -4-,~----. I have always had a singular liking for a circus, a low liking, it is very probable, I might bear you say, were Inearenough; but I scorn to dispute the point. Tell me what there can be in high life more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing plea sure than the whole paraphernalia of a cir cus I I was thinking thus one day, as I entered one of these sunny pavilions, and thinking, too, whether, in spite of all my love of motion and swiftness and grace, so timid a person as I would have had much enjoyment in an old Roman circus where men and beasts en. countered in contest of blood, and where ladies, whose hearts could have been not greatly different from my own, applauded the death struggle of a gladiator as I did the somersaults of little Ninonito. The present entertainment was called upon the bills a "Great Moral IExhibition;" and as with the circus it combined a superior menagerie, to which Asian jungles and African deserts had contributed, clergymen and others were cordially invited to witness the trained lion and the lamb lying down together. Of the last performance, of which I am particularly speaking, the last item had been described in the advertisement as the "Ter rible Exploits of the Dauntless Bartouro in the Den of Wild Beasts ;" the capitals had been thrilling. And accordingly, aftera suffi ceint quantity of small boys had been thrown by the horse, an enormous carriage, that filled nearly half the space, was slowly wheeled upon the scene,hoe sides were let down, and the den of wild beasts was dis closed. It was in three compartments, with strong partitions made of a lattice-work of iron bars between them. In the first one,. some leopards and a Bengal tiger of loathly beauty were roaming restlessly roind, up and down, in and out. round and about, in a way to.make one's heartache. In the central compartment a lion was striding up and down, lashing his tailabout; while the lioness, lying in one corner with her two whelps fawning around her, looked with complacent curiosity at the crowd who returned her gaze. But when the lids were let down from the last compartment, all thought of the occupants of the other two was for a moment forgotten, as the immense and single lion within that one sprang upon his hind legs, pawing at the side of the cage as if he would break through and bound out upon us,'and uttering a roar that resounded and reviberated from side to side, and made every heart stand still. We were almost all decorously placed on the-tiers of seats, but at the sound and the sight the whole audience shook a little closer together; and, for my own part, never lik ing such scenes as this promised to be, I had risen to go. - •"Never mind," said my companion to me, as I excitedly signified my wish to hasten off; "it is a trite thing enough; the creatures are gorged 'with food and dandled from their birth'; the exhibitor is in no danger." S"Yonu-are mistaken, sir," said one of the group of bystanders. !'l the first two;cages they are certainly tame enough, but the last beast is the true Nemieun, raging for his lib erty, as ready to rend a man to atoms as ever his wildest ancestors were." " Then why is he in that cage, sir," I asked, shivering beneath the blaze of those eyeballs like coals. \- "Ie was only added to -the collection a few hours since." said another gentleman at my side. "Some sailors brought him home on their own account i' the ship happened to arrive in the harbor this inoning, just as the menagerie was setting lip its tents; the sailors lost no time in making their bargain, and the animal wastransfiried irimediately; but an injuiry happening to his own cage he was temporarily shut into this one till better ac commodations could be arranged, I believe." "But is it really strong enough 1" I asked, with a quiver. \-- Oh, without doubt." "And then the exhibitor does not venture into that compartment?" "Not unless he is insane, I fancy." '"Ah, what a roar I It is thunder's self l" "Possibly'he has not been fed to-day." "I think we had better go," I said. "It really makes me ill." "Indeed," was the response I met with. "If there is going to be anything unusual, let us have the benefit of it I" "But it seems to me the exhibitioner is not ready. I do believe he is afraid himself." "lHe has no occasion," said the second by stander again. "In spite of our friend's opinion of the wild beast, unless the exhibi. tor should open the door of the third cage, there is absolutely not a shadow of danger." "And if he should ?" " Why, then I imagine he would surely get his deserts." "The lion would, at any rate," rejoined my companion. " Oh, how nervous you make me i" I ex. claimed. "I wonder why the Dauntless Bar. touro does not come " "Possibly he is asleep," replied the second bystander once more ; " he has a little habit, they say, which occasions drowsiness-I sup. pose so hazardous an occupation as may have been, in the beginning, required stimulants, and he has abused the necessity. If they are not sobering him with buckets of cold water dashed over him, they are probably hsoisting him to hurry on his tights and spangles." As he spoke, a man, carrying a little switch, bounded into the ring, made his bow to the audience, threw open the cage of theleopards, leaped lightly up, and in an instant had shut himself within. He was a man cf splendid physical deo. v.elopment i and so quick had been his three movements, that one had' not time to .ee his flushed face and its swollen reins before it seemed that the exertion of seising a leo pard and tossing him in the air had scta. sioned it. "What a handsome man f" cried my com. panion, staring at him with admiration. He was a picture as he faced us; the two leopards stood with a paw on his either shoulder, the spots seeming to waver in their supple asides like thesparks and glows in half. blackened firebrands, while the tiger bounded to and fro over the switch he held for himas if his sleek curves were made of nothing bhu m3outchoue. It was plain that the creatures loved the man; they reached out their long,' red tongues and licked him-he had fed them and tended them. As I thought this, Bartouro flung aside the first partition of iron bars with a thrust, and was in the central cage, stepping quickly to the lioness and switching her till she rose upon her feet ;catching the hairy little cubs in his arms, and throwing them about like juggler's balls; calling the lion to his side and lying down between them all, as if foe peaceful repose in the bosom of his family. Meanwhile the tiger came and stretched himself at his feet, and one of the leopards amused himself with boxing an impertinent little cub, while another leopard retired to the furthest end of the cage, and appeared to keep watch like a sentinel over the domestic scene. It was, after all, a very charming - sight, and the place rang with applause. Suddenly Bartouro sprang to his feet, bowed again to the audience, then threw open the last partition. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth withhorror ; the whole amphitheatre hung upon one breath. . The three compartments were now a single cage alone; but the animals in the first por. tion hurriedly huddled themselves together in the remotest part, cowering and whining, and trembling in evident fear. With a magnificent 'fearlessness, Bartouro trod swiftly toward the lion, who stood erect, holding by his tremendous paws to the side of the cage, his huge black mane rising and bristling round him as if instinct with savage life itself, as he turned his head at the clang of the iron bars, and glared with red-hot eyes upon Bartouro. "Come back I For Heaven's sake, come - back I" cried the circus- master, darting across the arena toward the cage. "It is the new lion. You are a dead man:I" The whole andience rose. Oh, the cruel, handsome faces of' those dead and gone Roman women I-these were not their ghosts. But Bartouro did not vouchsafe him a glance -only he trod swiftly forward, and struck the great beast a tingling blow in the face.. It was the death-blow of courage. The lion, amazed for one heart beat, with the next did not pause to crouch ere springing, but had throw himself in one mass upon Bartouro, who tottered and half fell, but rose again, and lifted his arms, that were like springs of steel, to thrust the beast away.• Then, as if lightning fell, the arms dropped powerless, the man sank slowly down, his eyes wide open and staring ion the lion, his face whiter than ashes, the blood pouring from his side.. Women were fainting now in the audience, children were shrieking, men were springing forward; the people of the menagerie were running to get some weapon, an axe, a pistol, anything-there was not one who dared to enter the cage and take his prey from the dreadful thing which would devour it before ourvery eyes for all we knew. All at once, in that swift, breathless in stant, a ball of fire shot through the air from one end of the cage to the other. It was the leopard who had sat as sentinel. In a second his mate had followed. One had no time to note their superb beauty, nor to wonder at their furious spring, before the tiger had hurled himself upon them, and all three had fallen with a yell on the lion, who tore his claws away, and half forgot Bartouro, to turn fiercely on them. W?ether it was love of their master, or whether someforest scent still lingering about the wild brute, had roused the never before awakened rage of their blood, no one can say ; they were giving their lives for Bartouro-so much was certain. " Come out-come out I" we cried.in one 'voice. "Oh, you are mad, Bartouro I" He did not deign us a look ; but his voice rose over the snarl and roar and cry of the struggling beasts, and over the uproar awak ened in the neighboring cages, like a blast of wind "And leave my leopards to die P" In a moment he had darted forward, the helpless arm dangling from his shoulder, but his right hand grasping his wip; and as the lion, turning at the side glance which he caught of his first assailant, regardless'of leo pards or tigers, shook them off with amighty shudder, and collected himself for a second leap upon him, Bartouro ran up with his whip, and with the precision of a marksman, he had flecked its thong first in one eye of the lion, and then the other, slipping aside as the lion rose to spring with a yell'of pain and agon7, and fell sprawling and rolling over, striking against the iron sides of the cage, gathering itself together again, ann crouching as still as the sphinx. Another ray of light never entered those thong.flecked eyes. The lion was stone blind from that day. - The whole scene had not occupied' three minutes. At its close Bartouro caught his torn leopards and tossed them into the other end of the inclosure, single-armed, drew his tiger, although very badly maimed, away by the' jaws, clanged down the iron door be tween, stepped out, shut the cage behind him, bowed to the audience-just as the circus master and his assistants dashed- in with guns and swords-and rat off as if he had no more than trod upon a fly. The Dear Creatures.-When a young man deceives his best girl, and she 'finds it out, it usually leads up to a serious cry-sis. SOne reasosi why the homely girl takes the scholarship prize is because she looks into' books more than into mirrors. No man can courta cross-eyed girl without being jealous. And the cause is that she always seems to be looking at and smiling upon some other fellow. Please His Friends.-" Will yon please insert this obituary notice" .asked an old gentleman of an editor. "I make bold to ask it, because the deceased had a great many friends about here who'd be glad to hear of his death." Cause for Gallantry.-When' young man politely offered his seat in a tram carte an old gentleman, and then went and stood on the platform, a fellow passenger said, " I am glad to see, sir, a young man like you pay that respect and deference tooldage which it should always command." "Yes, sir," replied the youth, "thatold coldger is worth a million dollars." Guessed He/Had Bad News.-Mrs. Partington was not so much a myth as synical unbelievers assert. For instance, Aunty Becky Brown one morning last week came into the breakfast room with a very much troubled countenance. One of the family remarked it and asked her what was the matter. "I'm 'fraid Mr. Sparks has got some had news; I jest see a telegraph boy go ridin' up to his house on his eyclopedy." "You say you want to marry my daugh. ter; hare you spoken to her I" "' Yes, sir," replied the young man, "and have gained her consent." "Well, it she said 'yes' that settles it. Anything I might say or do wouldn't have, the slightestinfluence-" Then the young man goes home and wonders if he isn't to young to marry ueh a: 