Odds and Ends. An ink convenience--A pen. Figure of speech— A talking doll. Doing light work-— Cleaning the lamps. Why is a doctor like a broken wind lass ? Because he can draw nothing from the well. The coming woman will have her own bank account. The question is, how long will she be able to keep it from the coming man. Wife (whose husband is rescuing her from drowning) — " Shall I keep my mouth shut, John ? Husband—" Yes, if you can." Unmarried lady—" It must be a great thing when husband and wife are of one mind." Married lady— "That depends on whose mind it is." A good housewife never opens the condensed milk can with her husband's razor, nor will a loving husband curry the horse with the nutmeg grater. " Discrepancies in my accounts ?" re peated the bank clerk indignantly ; " not a bit of it; the accounts are all right to a mill. The trouble is with the cash." Parson : " Waiter, how's that?" " How's what ?" " I found this cigar- holder in the soup." " Well, well, I'm glad of that. I've been hunting for the thing an hour." Spurgeon was once asked whether a member of a brass band could be a true Christian. His answer was— " Yes, I think he might, but not his next-door neighbour." _ Customer to waiter: Some cheese, please ? Waiter : Beg pardon sir. Very sorry, sir. Cheese out sir. Customer: That so? When do you expect it back ? A Kansas school teacher offered a prize to the scholar, who would come to school with the cleanest face. He was unable to recognise some of his pupils the next day. Policeman (to citizen clinging to lamppost) — "Don't you want a cab, sir ?" Citizen — " Yesh, offisher, if you can (hic) fin' one that ain't turned (hic) upshide down." Barber, to customer whose face looks as though it had undergone several surgical operations : The man who shaved you last, must have been a fool. Customer: He was. I shaved myself. Bill collector : " How often have I got to climb up five flights of stairs with this bill;" " How do I know ? You don't expect me to rent the parlour flat, just to accommodate my shabby credi tors, do you?" " No, sir, not unless they advance me money to pay the rent." Young housekeeper to butcher: 'Have you nice beef ?' Butcher : Yes, ma'am ; killed only this morning, it's hardly dead yet. What part would you like ? Young housekeeper : My husband said this morning, that be was fond of smoked beef. You may send a cut of that. They Joined Hands.—"I was at the Manse the ither day," said the precentor to an old crony, " an' the minister and me got on the crack. He says to me : James,' says he, 'I am very sorry to tell you, that I must advise you to give up your post, for there are several people complaining that you cannot sing.' 'Well, sir,' said I, 'I dinna that you should be in sic a hurry to advise me. I've been telt a dizzen times you canna pi each ; but I never advised you to give up your place.' I saw he was vexed. So I jist said, ' Ne'er heed, sir ; the fules 'il hae tae hear us till we think fit to stop.' " You say you heard both shots fired ?" asked an Austin lawyer, who was cross examining a witness in a murder case. " Yes, sah ; heard bofe shots. Dey was fired simontaneously, sah." " Are you sureof that-?" " Yes, sah; bofe of them was fired simontan eously. I wasn't more than 40 feet off at the time." " But on direct examina tion, you swore the shots were fired one after the other, and now you say they were fired simultaneously." "Jess what I said, sah. Both shots was fired simontaneously like, one after another. Thin old man, cramped and cross — "This car ought to charge by weight." Stout old woman, regarding him con temptuously—" If they did, they'd never stop to pick you up." Magistrate (to plaintiff, with lump on his head) :— "If your wife, threw a sad-iron at you, why didn't you dodge?" Plaintiff:--" I did, your Honor, and that's how I come to get hit." There are only three factories in this country, where cornets are made. This is too bad. It seems as though a greater opportunity ought to be afforded the people, to blow their brains out if they desired to do it. Lady delightedly to new boarder : I must congratulate you, Mr. Biseps, on your ability as a carver. You dis membered that chicken beautifully. Mr. Biseps : Thanks, I deserve no special credit. I'm a stone cutter. Mendicant : Please help a poor blind man !" Kind old lady : Blind ? Why, bless me, there's a shilling for you. Mendicant : Thank ye heartily, ma'am. I knowed the minnit I see ye comin,' ye was a kind hearted ole 'oman. Judkins with apparent carelessness : By the way Feebil, you're a lawyer ; what would you do if a fellow was to refuse to pay you for a bill of goods? Feebil drily : I would see a lawyer, give, him a retainer, and state my case. Tramp (piteously) : " Please help a poor cripple." Kind old gent (handing him some money) : " Bless me, why, of course, how are you crippled, my poor fellow ?" Tramp (pocketing the money) : " Financially crippled, sir." A bright Future. — Friend to St. Louis citizen : What did you think of Hamlet last night ? St. Louis citizen : Immense. If that feller Shakespeare kin write a few more plays like that, an lets whiskey alone, he'll make money. Overheard in a bookseller's in Mel bourne— Old party to bookseller's clerk — "I should like a Chaucer." Clerk (altogether new to the business, but very polite) — " Really, sir, I'm very sorry, but I haven't a bit of tobacco about me." " I do believe," said a lawyer, glanc ing at his opponent, " that my learned friend has been innoculated with stupi dity." " Perhaps so, but the general belief is that you have it in the natural way !" retorted the learned friend. A policeman who acted as doorkeeper at a dramatic performance, gave a pass word instead of door checks to two women, who left the building. Within a short time, nearly every one in the town knew the password, and before the first act was over, the house was crowded to suffocation. Two men were in a barber's shop. One had red hair and the other was bald headed. Red Head (to Bald Head) —" You were not about when they were giving out hair ?" Bald Head— " Yes, I was there, but they had only a little red hair left, and I wouldn't take it." "A little knowledge" is indeed a " dangerous thing"— at least it very often tends to make its possessor ridi culous. The following conversation among some river boatmen, is a sample : No. 1 : That was an awful cold Christ mas, now, I tell you. The river was frozen tight, and the thermometer went down twenty degrees below Cairo. No. 2 : Below which ? No. 1 : Below Cairo, you timberhead. Don't you know what that means ? Seems to me the school you went to, was a one-horse affair, any how. No. 2: It don't mean anything ; there's no such thing. No. 1 : I say there is. You see when it freezes at Cairo, it must be pretty cold; so they say so many degrees below Cairo. No. 2 : Ho, ho ! You pretend to know ! Why, you stupid dunderhead, you've. got the wrong word entirely. No. 1 : What is it, then? No. 2 : Why, so many degrees below Nero, of course. I don't know what it means; but I know that's what they always say when it's dreadful cold, and if I didn't quite catch the word, it probably was twenty degrees below Cicero. " Have you travelled a good deal?" "l should say so. I have been around the world so often, that my head swims." "My friends," said a temperance lecturer, lowering his voice to an impressive whisper, " if all the grog shops were at the bottom of the sea, what would be the result ?" For answer came: " Lots of people would get drowned." A SUPERSTICIOUS OLD MAN. " Ole Pete Dempsey," as he is famili arly called (says Texas Siftings), is a queer-looking old man with a frost-bitten expression of countenance, who enjoys considerable popularity in Austin, Tex as, on account of his skill in predicting bad weather, and in doctoring horses. Sam Randle is a comparative stranger in Austin, being a new arrival, who is sceptical about religious matters, and is noted for the insulting candour, with which he expresses his opinions. These two, with several others, were seated in the shade of a livery stable, discussing such matters of national importance, as the dusty condition of the Austin boule- yards, how the negroes were going to vote next election, &c.; Finally, the conversation drifted to Bob Ingersoll, spiritualism, and kindred topics. "Some folks," says Old Pete, "be lieves in omens comin' true, and when I think of the many miraculous things I've seen, I don't wonder they believes in ,em." The stranger smiled scornfully, and observed that there was one coincidence about omens, which was very remark able. Uncle Pete asked what particular coincidence that was. " When I hear an ugly old man with a wart on his chin say that he believes in ghosts and the like, it is always a remarkable coincidence, that it ain't long before he lands in the lunatic asylum. Believin' in omens, is a sure sign that softening of the brain has sot in." As the stranger looked straight at old Pete, and as the latter had a wart about as big as a thimble on his chin, the re mark savoured of personality. How ever, old Pete did not resent it. He was as quiet as a bowl of clabber. " Well," said the old man, "I don't suppose one omen amounts to much, but when there is a concaternation of two omens — I mean when one omen comes at peryhellion with another omen, as we astronomers say ; that is, one omen charges a man in front and simultaneous like, a second omen charges him at the rear — then he is a gone coon." " What sort of drivel is that, any how ?" asked the stranger, with a sneer. " Wal, I'll give yer an instance. About 20 years ago, there was a man named Smackers, stoppin' with me. He was as healthy a man, as you ever see. He was eatin' his breakfast one Friday mornin'. He happened to knock over the salt-cellar. That's two omens in peryhellion. They concaternate, you see, and before night, that man was dead." The listeners had become interested. " Drop dead of heart disease ?" asked one. "No." " What killed him, then ?" " The omens was the cause of it, but he fell off a scaffold and broke his neck ?" " Could'ut that have happened on any other day?" 'No ; that was the day set by the judge." " What Judge ?" "You see, the unfortunate man was under the sentence of death, when he knocked over the salt., He was eatin his last breakfast. I was the Sheriff, and the day before, I saw a rabbit run across the road, and I knew — ." " You are a fraud," said the stranger, jumping to his feet. In less than five minutes, Old Pete had mauled that stranger, so that his own mother might have passed him on the street, in the broad glare of the noonday sun, and not recognised him. "Yas," observed Old Pete, calmly, as they removed the injured man to the nearest drug store, " I was afeared somethin' unpleasant was goin' to hap pen, for last night, I dreamt about snakes, and that always means trouble." Not long since, the keeper of a large beer saloon at New York, was arrested upon a charge of selling intoxicating liquors, without a licence, when he at tempted to prove that the Teutonic beverage was not an intoxicating drink. A number of witnesses, who had amply tested its qualities, were called one after another, until finally, an old German named W — got into the box, and the question was propounded to him. " Do you consider lager beer intoxicating ?" " Vell," replied W — , " ash for dat, I gant zay. I drinksh feefty or seexty glasshes a day, und it never hurtsh me ; put I don't know how it woult pe if a man vash to make a hog of hishelf." PRACTICAL ILLUSTRATION OF A PRO VERB. " What is it, that has often spurred men on, to struggle nobly with adversity, Harry ?" asked his mother. " Necessity," promptly replied Harry; " because it is the mother of invention." " Good boy. I see you remember what you are told." At a later period of the day, Harry, having been detected in a falsehood, was affrighted by looming visions of a chas tening slipper, when his good memory again, came to his aid, and he urged this plea : " Necessity was what made me tell that story, ma." "What do you mean ?" said his mother, severely. ", Cause necessity is the mother of invention," he responded tearfully. The slipper was postponed- — Judge. 