MOPERPMDE. -OT B. MV CEOKEK. '; CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued) . MAKY JANE'S DISCOVERY.' '' I would ask Mrs. Motriss, if I wore you. There she is in the passage now ; run imd cutch ton' Mrs. Morriss said, — ' Take it to Sir Reginald after dinner, and : tell him how it happened ; honesty is the best policy.' '??I,, 'Not for millions ! I'll take it to my lady, if you like. She could not scold if she tried ever so.' .:. , ' He won't say a word to you either, Mary Jane. He is just his father all over. There never was a quieter nor a kinder master ; and besides, how could anyone scold you for what was an accident V 'I tell you, Mrs. Morriss, I'm afraid of my .'./ life of him. I see him every morning coming down' before seven. Ee passes me just as if I was a sweeping brush. Now, if it was Mr: Geoffrey— he always has a word and a joke — I'm nnfc n bit afraid of him !' ' Mr. Geoffrey is a good dsal too fond of i joking and jesting with servats and keeping ? them from their work ; and you will just take that letter and give it to Sir Reginald before you , sleep to-night,' concluded Mrs. Morris authoritatively. ?' But be looks so stern and severe, I shall just sink into the ground if he gives me one of those sharp looks of his.' ' Don't you talk rubbish, Mary Jane ; go . and giveup that letter after dinner, and be off to your rooms now.' * * * * Dinner over, the laundiy-niaid came into the servants' hall, and whispered to her re luctant friend, — 'Now is your time, -Polly. They are all in the pleasure-ground except Sir Reginald, arid he's writing in the library, Thomas says. Just you go and give a knock at the door, and hand in the letter ; he can't eat you. I'll go with you as far as the swing-door,' she added generously, ' and wait.' With loudly -beating heart, Mary Jane 'arrived at the library door, knocked, and entered. Her master was writing at a table by the light of a reading lamp. He looked up, : and gazed into .the shadow for some seconds before he exactly made her out. Then, laying down hit pen, he said, — ' Well, what is your business t One of the servants, are you not V ? There was more of the ' orderly room' in his manner than was altogether pleasant. His . dealings with soldiers' wives were short, sharp, and decisive; the very unruly women of the Seventeenth Hussars were more afraid of three ?words from the Major than a hundred from ? the Colonel. He imagined that Mary Jane had come to . .lodge some complaint, so he repeated, — ' What can I do for you 1 what do you want 1' ' Please, sir, I'm Foster, the upper house maid, and it's about this letter,' said she, timidly approaching, and laying down the yellow, crumpled missive. ' A. letter,' he repeated carelessly, taking it upj but seeing the superscription, he changed color. ' And where, may I ask, did you get this?' ' Please, sir, Lady Fairfax gave it to me to . post more than three years ago. It must have slipped down between the lining of my dress and the pocket. I found it just now when I was ripping up the skirt. I am very sorry indeed, sir, for I remember now that Lady .Fairfax was very particulur about it. I made sure I had posted it with the others.' ' Well, at any rate, it was not your fault !' he exclaimed, after some reflection, turning over, the long-looked-for letter in his hand. ' It was honest of you to bring it to me j you might have burnt it, and said nothing about it ; and it happens to be a letter of the very greatest consequence. Here,' said he, un locking a drawer, ' is a note instead,' handing her ten pounds ; ' and see that your pockets have no holes in them in future.' Mary Jane received the gift with profuse 'and voluble thanks, as she backed and curt . v seyed out of the room ; and from that time forward declared that her master was the nicest, pleasantest, most generous gentleman in England. It is needless to say that Sir Reginald lost no time in tearing open the letter, which ran as follows : — ? ?.... My Dear Husband, — You will be surprised to get a letter from me, considering my very ?' recent heartless, wicked treatment of you, and more surprised still to hear thnt I am writing ', to entreat your forgiveness. Ever since you leit i nave Deen so very, very imseraoie, ana: . as each day haB passed I have been more i firmly convinced of your innocence, and that I ; have been the most unjust and ungenerous of wives.- You will, I know, make allowance for my youth and a naturally jealous, hot temper. These are but feeble excuses ; no ono but you, who have always been so good to me, would entertain them for an instant. I sometimes think f must have been mad ; anyway, what ever you may do, I shall never forgive myself. « But you will pardon me, I know ; not only because of your promise, but because — how can I tell you? I had a bad fainting fit the other day, and Morriss was frightened and sent for the doctor ; he says that before sum mer, all being well, there will be a little inmate in the nursery here. I have not told this great secret to anyone, neither must 3 ou. Long before summer your letter will have come, won't it ? Once this lias fairly started, I shall count the very days till the answer comes back. If none comes, I will know that you cannot forgive me, and indeed, I don't deserve that you' should. But you will write me 11 kind letter, too, my darling Regy. Think how very lonesome I am ; I have no ono but you in nil the world. The post is just going out, so I must conclude. I direct this by the address you left with Helen, so it will be sure to reach you safely. Mind you write by return mail to — Your loving and ponitent wife, Alice Fairfax.' When he had read this to the end, he laid it down, and began to pace about the room in great agitation. What a brute I must seem to her ! What must she have thought of me all these yours Why. no later than yesterdny.' — he paused in his walk, overwhelmed with the recollection — ' I rejected her overtures for peace. I was savagely rude to her. My poor little Alice, you had indeed said quite enough, more than enough,' he muttored, resuming his walk. ' What must she think of me 1 How enn she have borno with me all this time 1 I refused, yes, point blank, to kiss her, idiot that I wns. I might have guessed at something of this kind, only that my devilish pride had strangled my common sense 1; and all this frightful mis' understanding' was owing to this1 wretched'bit of paper, this letter, that I would have given ten years of my life for, and she, poor girl,, has been blinking her heart about, and all the time it has been lying inside the lining of that woman's dress. After all,' he continued, taking it up, ' it is a very dear and precious letter ; I would not part with it, late as it comes, for a field-marshall's baton.' He read it twice over again, lingering on almost every word, then folded it up very carefully and put it in his waistcoat-pocket as lie went to the window. ' No wonder,' said he, ' she »ave me a ccol reception ; I wonder what sort of one she would give me now, if I could catch her alone 1 She ought to hate me pretty well ' by this time ; it is not my fault if she does not. But she likes me a little bit still. She must, or she never could have stood the way I have treated her. If she only cares for me just one quarter as much as I care for her we shall do very well,' he thought to himself joyfully, as he stepped out of the window, and joined the party who were sitting in tho pleasure-ground, basking in the moonlight, and inhaling the soft bracing air, heavy with the perfume of syringa, roses, and new-mown hay. Mr. and Mrs. Mahew, Miss Saville, and Mary were reposing in various garden-chair s. ' Where is Alice V asked her husband, abruptly. ' Oh, she and Geoffrey have gone to gather pears for the public weal.' [ .' What, at this hour!?' he exclaimed, stand ing at the top of the steps, gazing after two figures, who were rapidly disappearing in the direction of the garden. ' Small chance of a tete-a-tele with Alice to-night,' he said to him self, as he pulled his moustache thoughtfully. ? Five minutes later Geoffrey came running back alone ; breathlessly he jerked out, ' Such a trick as I've played her ! She offered to race me to the big pear-tree, each starting from the garden- gate, and going one north the other south ; I agreed, and when I saw her well started south I ' came home ! What* a state she will be in when she finds herself alone at the end of the ghost-walk ! She says she is not, but I believe she is, horribly afraid of ghosts and bogies; and if she meets the cavalier who is said to stalk about the garden, won't it be fun? I only wish I had thought of it in time, I'd have dressed up. It pays her off nicely for some of the pretty little jokes she has practised on me. It's not too late. yet' — snatching up a- shawl and a garden hat, and commencing a toilet. ' I can't say that I exactly see the humor of the situation,' said Reginald, as springing down the steps and vaulting lightly over an iron-railing, he set off by a short cut for the garden on a run. ? ' Active fellow, is he not ?' observed Geoffrey, rempving the shawl in which he had already enveloped himself. ' But this alacrity in joining his wife, in the present overcharged state of the domestic atmosphere, is somothing quite new. The sky is not going to fall, is it?' he added, looking up interroga tively. ' No ; but really, Geoffrey, you shouldn't hare left her,' remonstrated Helen. ' The garden is -an awful eerie place by moonlight. I should not care to take a solitary walk there myself.' The pear-tree, which was to have been the goal, was the pear- tree par excellence of the whole garden / it was trained along a wall covered with fruit trees, beneath which ran a broad gravel terrace, approached by several flights of steps, one of which was exactly opposite this particular tree. Alice, breathless and triumphant, had arrived first at the foot of the steps. She looked up and down the broad walk ; no sign of Geoffrey. ? ' How very odd !' she thought. Presently she heard his rapidly-approaching foot- steps, and, mounting the terrace, began to gather pears with much deliberation. Hear ing him arrive, she never troubled to turn her head, merely remarking, as she reached up for a lovely, yellow, corpulent pear, — ' Snail ! You ought to be ashamed of your self.' I conld trundle a wheelbarrow faster than you can run.' 'Conld you indeed ?' replied her husband' putting his arm around her slender waist. ' GoofiYoy, how dare — Reginald!' she pnsped, dropping all the pears. ' I may dare, may 1 not ?' said he, taking her in his arms and giving her twenty kisses. ' Look here,' said he, smiling at her indignant eyes and crimson cheeks, 'I've just had a lottpr from you, my darling,' producing the letter, and hurriedly tolling the story. (2'0 6c Continued.) 