herr pa ulus: his rise, his greatness and his fall. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. / BY WALTER BESANT. Aumoii op " All Soiits and Conditions ot Mbn," &c.;, &c.; Tup. Right op Translation is Resbrvid. | BOOK THE SECOND. Chapter IV. — Should this Happen ? Once moro the two young men were sitting at midnight in Tom's workshop, but their bear ing towards each other was now changed. Thero was no diffidence on the one hand nor suspicion ou the other. Diffidence had changed to confidence, aud in place of suspicion was avowed enmity on public grounds with allowed friendship on privato grounds. "People aro clamoring for moro of your con founded miracles, old innu," said Tom pre sently. " So I gather. They will not be satisfied. At least — well, there is ono thing I promised. If you aro at all interested in what you call miracles, you may bo present to-morrow even ing. " You raenn tbo great Indian trick ? Yes , my guardian has invited bis friends to witness it. .He says you gavo him tbo paper a month ago." "He asked mo for a copy of that day 'a f.-p...! cj' jndyz So " cam". That is very simple." " Perfectly simple. Quito simple ; what happens every day, iu fact. Nothing miracu lous about tlmt, is there ?" " Ho thou placed it in a safe, of which lis alono keeps tlio key, and ho undertook not to show it to auyono uutil the day when the mail should bring that day's paper to London. It will arrive to- morrow, und his copy cau be com pared with that received in the usual way." "I see. Hut it seems rather a pity — doesn't it? — thaHSie waited a wholo mouth ?" " You rncau?" Paul know perfectly well what Tom meant, but yet he asked this quostion. " A miracle, my dear boy, iu order to bs perfectly conclusive, should leave no loop hole at all' for doubt as to the fact. Tbat is tho wholo essence of u miracle, aud it is here Hint your Friends go bungling. Now, if you produced to-day's I'riendu of India iu opeu court, so to speak, before a body of scientific men who might photograph it, so as to multiply copies, aud if you ou tbo samo day had the whole contents of that day's paper' telegraphed from Delhi, tho question would tlieu be, not whether the thiug had been done, about which thoro could be no doubt, but whether thero was any way of explaining it other than miraculous. For instance, tho old shito trick " i ; " Oh I but everybody knows how that is done." "True, but tho fact is that it was done. Wo recoguised that, and had only to find out how it was done. How about your miraclo of to morrow?" " 1 did not sny it was mine." ' " a our Friends nuraclo thou. You seo they haven't complied with tho iirst conditions of a miracle, that tho fact itself must be beyond doubt. .My guardian says that four weeks ago lio received a copy of that very day's Eriend of India. Very well, it rests ou hi3 word, not ou yours as well, does it ?" Torn looked up curiously as if ho was trying to get some admission. ' ' If necessary, my word would perhaps not bo wanting." There was the least possible absence of heartiness in tlio answer. " Quite so, if necessary. V-ery well, then. He says bo put it iu the safe. Why did he not instantly produce the sheet aud confound the infidel? Can't you seo that a more miraculous thing than tho transportation of a nowspaper 10,000 miles in an hour was never eveu attempted iu tho palmiest days of witchcraft . and magic ? Dou't you know that tho occult philosophers liavo been asked over aud over ugaiu to do this aud that they havo always refused to do it ?" " You forgot ouq thing, thnt if such a tiling was dono it might ho made subservieat to com mercial' purposes aud an object of self interest." " That is what the occult philosophers say. It is only worth considering on tho sup position that everybody could perforin the miracle. If your Friends havo the secret in their own hands, they can keep it and mako tlio performauco a rare and interesting eveut. Come, now, put to them frankly. Let us have, for oucc, a miracle that cauuot be attacked anyhow. My guardian deposits this precious paper in his safe, and keeps it there for a month; He says tliut no body can get at that safe except himself. Rather than believe iu this miraclo I am pre pared to disboliovo his assortion. Come now, old man, I dou't mind being frank1 with you. I think you are up to somo guuio which may ho anything, but isn't, I am surw it isn't, tho old vulgar game of plunder. I rather believo you aro trying by the exorciso of certain gifts and clever dodges to mako yourself a great man. Very well, I have a similar ambition about my self, ouly iu auother direction altogether. You aro goiug iu for miracles. It isn't worth while carrying on tlio slalo old spiritualistic humbug. You know that, and you are trying to striko out a now line. Give us a real, genuine, indisputable miracle, tlio fact .of which cannot he denied." , " I am pleased to have your good opinion,- Torn," Paul laughed, cheerfully. " What ever my ambitious may be, they do not work , in tho direction of plunder. You novcr shall bo ablo to say that of me. And as to what you think — " ho paused. " Tom," ho said, : earnestly, " you wero so very frauk with me at ' the outset as to tell mo you tlougiit I was a humbug liko tho rest of theia. You know, uow, that I havo no intercourse with their world of lying spirits. I do net scud round tlio hat for a little collection. Yet, holievo me, Tom, there is far more iu tho world than yon havo yot understood. There are powers of which you kuow nothing." "That," said Tom, "I do uct deny.'1 "Would you believo iu these powers if 1 wore to givo you what you call au undeniable miracle?" " I should accept the fact and try to find out bow it was done." "Very good," Paul lauglicl again. " thiuk I may hope. I do not primise to work sucli a miraclo as will satisfy cvtn you. Thai is to say, you will not be ablo to deny the fact, aud you will not bo able, tho last bit in tin world, to find out how it was, accomplished. No natural force with' which you 'arc acquainted will be able to account, for it. No explana tion will occur to you, or to any of youi scientific friends, that will iu the least satisfy you. I say that I dou't actially engage myself to do this thing, but tlere seems chance that I may do it." " I should bo very much obligel to you if you will. I shall take it us a persoial oompli- mcnt, and a great kindness to nyself. A genuine miraclo, I confess, would ie received by the wholo world, scientific and otherwise, with considerable satisfaction. Notling in the way of mesmerism, though." " Very well. Mesmerism, bower, must not lie despised. It is a natural forci entirely outside tlio investigations of scientifiomen, aud neglocted by them. It would bo jwell if you were to consider the subject. I cmld teach you n good deal in it, for instanco, mich might astonish you aud lead you to follow t up." "I will bo your pupil perhap, but not now." ; " As for my miracle now. Coticeieof some ovent happouing which would segi at first absolutely destructive of your doares wish. " " What is my dearest wish ?" To; replied, quietly, with a flush ia his cheok. ' . " I will tell you. I bolieve thatnero ia ne one in this boue or outride it whqkhovre or suspects that you are engaged to Mis; Brudenel." j ' ' Tom started. " How do you knar that ?" "How do I know a great many jingif- I- knRW, you we, the dearest wish of your heart r'v_ " Well, you hare found out somehow what we thought was unknown to anybody hnt our selves. It is truo we aro engaged. And now, 1 hopo, you can keep the secret you havo dis covered." 44 1 can. Aliss Brudcncl will never ho the Vestal Virgin of the cause. Suppose, how ever, that something — I know not what — inter fered between you. I talk at random, perhaps — say, something which would prevent your marriage for years — perhaps altogether — sup pose it required nothing short of a miracle to remove that obstacle." 4 4 Well?" 44 Well, supposo that miracle performed — would you still disholicvo ? " " I should. No doubt I should accept the miracle in such an event with profound grati tude, but I should then want to know how it, was done. Because, you sec, everything in the world is worked by laws, and your miracle couid only be worked by some law unknown to myself." . 44 Lady Augusta and her friends," said Paul, smiling, " would follow the unscientific method. Thoy would accept the Miraclo just as you would, and they would then ask for More." Chapter V. — Tin: Second Function. The second great manifestation, thongh more brief in its duration and simpler in character than tho first, was universally acknowledged to be of far greater importance. Nothing, iu fact, not evou tho events which fol lowed — to be sure, these were chiefly of a private nature, and could only ba whis pered — did more to raise Herr Fanlus to that eminenco which for a brief season he enjoyed, and might have been still enjoying but for circumstances which will bo duly narrated. Tho First Function was undoubtedly sweet and pleasant, both to behold and to describe afterwards. It thrilled, but the emotions excited wcro on familiar lines ; it awed and impressed those who assisted, hut it did not actually take one unexpectedly. Things like unto it had been seen before. Invisible hells had been rung, iuvisiblo music had been played — indeed, mediums always bring along a coneertina or an accor dion for fear tho spirits — who cannot play anything else, not even a harp — should forget to bring an instrument ; invisible hands have often dono very astonishing things ; papers have before now fluttered about tho room, descending like the rain from aoloar sky ; there has been tho exhibition of spirit photographs and pictures ; there has been telegraphing ; there has been clairvoyance ; all such feats havo an his torical character. Stories of a liko naturecouldbe adduced, narrated and compared. In point of picturoMjuoness and beauty and fitness, how ever, tho First Function left nothing to he desired ; whilo its operator appeared to bo of a much higher character than any of those who accomplish their results in the dark. One could not imagine Herr Faulus stooD- ing to imposo upon his audionco by the common and weil known methods ; even those who wore least credulous acknowledged this imraenso superiority. But, as regards tho Function of this even ing, as Mr. Brudenel truly said at its close — it is only - tho anticipation of a few pages — 14 The Thing " — ho modestly called it a Thing — 44 which wo havo this day been privileged to witness is an achieve ment beyond a parallel in the History of Spiritualism." You will acknowledge as mncb when you hear what it was. 44 It mnrks an Epoch. It announces our arrival upon a higher Plane ; it shows that wo havo left behind us for ever tho days of lying and mocking spirits ; our labors havo not been in vain ; it is tho first visible step of our New Departure; it shows us dourly that our feet are standing at last upon tho Solid Bock ; it teaches us without a doubt that our facos arc turned towards tho way of Truth. " Truly, as you will 6ee, Mr. Brudenel exag gerated not a whit Those who witnessod this stupendous conquost over timo and spuco went home awed and humbled. The longer they dwelt upon it tho moro it impressed their imagination ; the moro they pondered over the possibility of doception the more thoy were bewildered. .Even tho sceptics were for the moment confounded. Nothing, however, really coufonnds tho sceptic. Ho is like those little figures made of painted pith rosting on little glohos of lead which spring to thoir feot with only the greater elasticity and resolu tion tho harder you knock them down. The best miraclo in tho world is wasted on a scoptic. You might as well tell ghost stories to a lawyer, Tho company invited to witness this manifestation was less numerous than that which gathered together for the first, but it included all tho im portant people: There was no dinner party, and thoy were invited for nine. When thoy arrived thoy wero shown into Mr. Brudencl's Btudy, where Sibyl received them. It was understood that Lady Augusta and Mr. Brudenel would appear at tho right momont with tho hero of tho ovontng. All tho woll known leaders of tho spiritunlists were there, including Mr. Athelstan ICilburn and the Eev. Amolins Horton. Tho Society of Psychical Besearch was represented by a Depu tation, specially invited, from Cambridge. It consisted of a Junior Fellow of Trinity, and a certificated graduate in honors from Ncwnham. On the way— it has nothing to do with tho story —tho Deputation fell in lovo with each other, and got engaged on tho way back, but foil out ever tho Beport which thoy had to draw up, aud so tho marriage never came off. Science, always suspicious, was represented by a pro fessor of the highest distinction. Ho was known to be hostile to everything which he could not reduco to tlia realm of known physics, and always went! about to such manifestations with tho avowed intention of exposing the trick — ho always called it a trick— and ho never did exboso anything, because ho knew nothing of iogerdemain, although he was learned in slectricity. Tho profession was represented : by Mr. Emmanuel Chick and Mrs. Lavinia Medlock, as usual tliero aro ftw recent additions to the old school of spiritualists. Tho Bov. Benjamin Budgo was also present, prepared to chrouiclc whatever torn place. Tliero wero also present a large number of tho ladies who 44 take in terest ; " anting thom tho ardent believer, who has always something to whisper, somo new mystesous uttcrauco or promise ; tho woman win! only half believes, but trembles and think) it is wicked ; tho woman who loves 14 ho startled and prefers a stance to a melodrama ; the woman in search of a New Gospel — She is very common in these days ; the womau who talks tho languago of tho esoteric Bvtldhist ; tho womau of unsatisfied soul who yirns for a fuller life — with others. I snpposo thit the purely incredulous world was reprcscntel by ToinLaugston, who changed his mind amicame — to meet tho Professor, ho said; buf I ttiiuk ho was anxious to see what would beflone. Cicely Laugston sat retired, with Holy besido her. 44 1 umorstauil, Miss Brudenel," said Mr. Budge, At a loud and masterful voice, "that we are ummoned hero to-night in order to wituesswhat will ho — if wc aro rightly iu- formecli-a truly stupendous event, aud tho most bmarlmblo manifestation of spiritual ' power Iver witnessed." "Prnr, Mr. Budge," Sibyl interrupted, ' .shortly, V ask mo nothiug. I know nothing. ' l ean priniso nothing." 44 It is rumored, then — "Mr. Budgo smiled " with an cablo forgivinguess, becauso ho was used, '.to po snubbed by Miss Brudenel — "wo will onf; 6ay then, that it is rumored, that wo are this venihg to behold a document which has bco: transported from some part of India to this ho o with" tho swiftness oi an electric message If this; be so — " "Mr. nmanueLChicksniffodloudly. Ho looked . st ; otoly shabby this evening, but : hungry. In' fact he: was h'taugerihg.for Paul's s blood... ; was:hfirst,'note of ; hostile , incrc- jiL. k 44 Ohl" cried Lavinia, clasping her hands. 41 It will be the exercise of a power far beyond anything ever vouchsafed to me. And yet there was n time- — " 41 Before we all go off into ecstasies," said Mr, Emmanuel Chick, 41 we had better see what happens. On tho last occasion there were fireworks — I call them fireworks — with mes merism. Perhaps wo shall only have, after all, more fireworks with mesmerism." 11 It cannot ho said," said Mr. Athelstan Kiiburn, "that our yonng friend receives cither sympathy or encouragement from his pro fessional brethren. Surely they are abovo the petty feeling of jealousy." 44 Ho will got no encouragement from me," Mr. Chick replied. " I pretend to nothing hut the good old lines. I am a medium — only a medium, No fireworks for me, sir. You know what to expect from mo. If tho spirits wish fo speak through me thoy can. That's all. I believe some people havo received messages which spoko for themselves, and were a little moro important than a lady in a mesmeric trance. Wo shall see." 14 Hetty, Cicely whispered, 4 4 it is that odious man who always makes mo feel as if he carried evil spirits about with him. Do you think that his presence will affect Paul's powers ?" " No, I am sure it will not. But, oh I I wish it was overl And oh! I wish- ho would not show off to a great room full of people. " 44 Perhaps ho must." 41 His powers should ho kopt sacred, and shown to nono but hut the peoploho loves," TTnlty rrmr,p..r„,l "Oh! " » t.l» ..I a show and a means of gain out of such a power as his I It would be too dreadful." 41 Whisper mo everything, Hetty dear, just as he doos it. 41 Oh 1 if ho would only make mo able to see it. He could if he chose. Per haps this evening— hut tell me all, Hetty." 44 1 suppose," said the Professor of Scionco to Tom Laugstou, quietly, 44 that there will bo an opportunity afforded one of submitting any experiment we may be privileged to witness to the ordinary tests ?" 44 Oh ! yes ; " Tom replied. " Why not ? Herr Paulus's performances aro unexpected, bnt they are all done in the light. I don't quite see how anything ho has done as yet conld bo tested. You seo things, and you wonder how they are dono ; that is all." 44 Toll mo about him." 4 4 Ho is a young man. He has been staying hero a month now. In this house, you know, wo aro always up to our necks in magic and mystery, but since ho camo we have learned to despiso tho old things. Wo do not caro about rapping ; wo no longer ask if our grandmothers aro happy. Wc do not look for incarnated spirits. We havo no dark stances." 44 All this seems distinct gain," said the Pro fessor. 44 Yes ; in their place wo havo acquired a beautiful freedom of transport. Wo convorso with anybody, all over tho world. We find out whatisgoingonoverywherc. Mr. Brudenel, my guardian, goes off to Abyssinia every morn ing for instructions, and|arrives homo in timo for luncheon. Lady Augusta is going through a course of King Solomon's Wisdom ; the girls aro always moro or less mes meric ; the housemaids no longer go to tho dentist whon thoy havo got a toothache. Herr Paulus leaves his earthly body on his bed While ho goos off to havo a crack with his friends in Bussia, in Thibet, in Africa." Tho Professor laughed. 44 You cannot tost any of theso things," ho said. 44 If people choose to believe in common cheats and impostors " 4 4 Pardon mo, Professor. Herr Paulus in not a common- cheat and impostor. I do not quite know what he is, bnt he wants no money to begin with. " That is unusual." 44 It is, in this house, at least." 4 4 But thoy talk of a newspaper, or some thing interesting, brought here in a singlo moment from an enormous distance. " 44 Ton miles would ho as good ns 3000, hut it wants a big distance to strike tho imagina tion. Iu fact, Professor, I have reason to know that tho claim set up this evening will bo the power to convey things — not only messages, or by tho wire — but actual tilings — parcels what you please, at any moment to any distance by unseen agency." 4 4 Iu that cose," said tho Professor, 44 1 am come on a fool's orrand indeed. " " At Simla, only last year '' — it was tho Eev. Benjamin Budge, in his loud, coarse voice, which irritated some pooplo beyond endurance — 44 somo of tho so-called occult philosophers wero invited to bring ovor a copy of that day's Times. Thoy refused to do so, on the ground that overy request for a miraclo conld not ho complied with, and that to a9k such a thing showed mere curiosity. The refusal and tho excuse made scoffers langh. If a man claims to have groat powers, lie must prove thom. Our young Prophet, if I may call him so, has claimed very great powors on behalf of his Friends. He has 6hown ns certain things which we should havo called manifesta tions of a very high order. If he actually doc-s tho thing of which wo havo heard, bo will establish himself and his Friends ou the highest pinnacle which science and philosophy havo yet realised. Time and space will ho anni hilated, and oven tho power of electricity will bo surpassed." He had spent tho afiernoou rounding off this and a low other sentences, with a viow to a letter announcing tho Miraclo, if it should como off. That letter was duly sent, and being signed by himself, and backed by another from that woll known sober and well balanced intellect, tho ltcv. Ame- lius Horton, it ftict with universal incre dulity, and smiles and snorts and jeors. But when the Professor himself gr.ivoly and soberly described what had taken place, so far as his senses cnahlod liiin to see and to hear, a sensa tion was produced as of a new revelation ; and overyhody askod who was Herr Paulus, and nobody knew, and all tho world waited eagerly for moro. 44 Whon is he coming, Hetty ?" asked Cicely. 44 Very soon, I believe. Oh, how can he do things in tho presenco of pooplo who want to make him out an impostor? " 44 Tell mo all — whispor everything, dear." 44 Tho explanation," said Mr. Amelias Horton, 44 will, of course, ho found iu tho dovolopmont of will energy. The unknown forco is will energy. It is to ho tho force of tho future. It will be cultivated like strength of body, aud wo shall tako rank in tho fnturo according to tho strength of tho will energy." 44 Who is that person ?" tho Profossor asked Tom. 44 It is tho Bov. Amclius Horton, Senior Fellow of King Henry's, Cambridge." 44 Oh ! Is that tho result of classical study or of mathematical research? Weil, let us bogiu, and lot us keep our oyes wide open. Of course it is all nonsense about Time aud Space. There will, I supposo, bo n good deal of talk to wrap up tho real thing." "Yes. Tho only thing I have yet found out about our man," said Tom, 44 is that ho has a curious powor of mesmerism. That awakens suspicion, but it does not explain any thing. " 44 Mesmerism," repeated the Profossor. 44 Yes : it is a strango power, and ought to bo taken out of the hands of quacks and impostors. It is an undoubted powor. Everybody who can persuade other pooplo that he says or does things impossiblo must havo something of that power. But I think ho will not inesmoriso me. Perhaps thought-reading is only a form of mesmerism, so that tho patient is forced to think what tho operator compels him and forces upon him. lias he mesmerised you ?" 44 No ; he has tried, bnt ho can't." 44 1 remembor," tho Professor continued, in his quiet and reflective way, 44 going to seen performauco by a certain Dr. Slade about ten years ago. Ho did all aorts of foolish things first — quite insulting to common understand ing, and then ho did tho famous slate trick." 44 1 know. Showed it to yon clean j put it rii:--' on tho table, presently turned it over, and showed it covered with writing." 44 Quite so. That is exactly what I saw, and precisely as I described it The writing itself was pure drivel. It seemed to me a most mysterous thing, only to be explained by somo hypothesis about writing which should bo invisible until after a certain timo. And this was on tho faco. of it absurd. But tho mnn Fhad brought with mo was a professional conjuror, one Hcllis by name, who is now dead, and ho enlightened me, Dr. Slade caught my eye and held it. lie thought he had caught my companion's as well, bnt there he was mistaken. And Hellis saw him actually chaugiug the slato for another, and shoving tho first ono into a receptacle under the table. Ho did it quite coolly, boiDg confident that ho held tho eyes of both. Well, tho audacity of the announcement of what wo are going to see this evening reminds mo of Dr. Slade's slate. It is so beautifully simplo, aud at the same time so impossible." Tom laughed. 44 Wo must not, however, rank Herr Paulus with Dr. Slade. Ho has not converted me, aud I am convinced that he is playing somo gamo. But I cannot find him out. -Meantime, we aro very good friends, and ho knows that I am watching him. Hush ; here they come." At ihat moment Lady Augusta entered on Herr Paulus's arm. The Ancient Philosopher looked liko notiiing more than an extremely handsomo young gentlemau of the modern timo. Mr. Brudenel, who followed, looked eciiml nml pqpy. without any of his customnrv nervousness. Tho guests divided right and left, and they advanced, taking up a position in tho middle oi the room. Mr. Brudencl's tabic, in the drawer of which lay that novol by Ouida which ho had not found timo to finish since tho Abyssinian tour had commenced, was pushed back, and a clear space was formed. Lady Augusta greeted her guests and sat down ; somo of tho ladies did tho same. Others, too much excited by tho expectation of what was to come, preferred to stand. Mr. Brudenel, his face glowing with triumph — after 30 years of psychical research it is indeed a triumph, and was never before vouchsafed to man, to stand on tho Living Bock — his eyes full of joy and his voico full of confidence, raised his left hand, and spoke : 44 My friends," ho said, with a quiet dignity, new to him, "somo of us worked together in the pursuit of Spiritual truth for many years ; we have grown groy in our researches ; wc have been continually baffled ; we havo been deceived and disappointed ; wo have been dejected ; there have been times whon it was difficult to maintain a cheerful front in presenco of bo much disappointment and so much ridicule." 44 Wo havo known many such times, Brude nel," said Mr. Athelstan Kiiburn. 44 At one of the moments of deepest humilia tion, I was found by Herr Paulus ; you remem ber how, on tho very first night, he filled our boarts with now fnith, and kindled now en thusiasm within ns." 44 Wo remember tbat night very well," Mr. Kiiburn agaiu interrupted. 44 Perhaps it happened to somo of you as to me, that in tho morning a cold wave of doubt followed the hope and enthusiasm of tho even ing." 44 It did," said Mr. Kiiburn. 44 It always does." 44 What we had seen wo thought nothing but the effect of mesmeric power, with the exhibi tion of certain phenomena by no means new.4' 4 4 By no means now," said Emmanuel Chick. 44 Though brilliantly executed and in the full light for all to sec. I say, my frionds, that some of you felt as I did." There was a general and sympathetic mur mur at tho recollection of these unpleasant symptoms. They wore perhaps a common ex perience among spiritualists. 44 In tho morning, therefore," Mr. Brndencl wont on, 44 1 repaired to this study, oppressed and dejected. Herr Paulus followed mo. He began by roadiog my thoughts accurately and exactly, a thing which should of itself have reassured me. Ho then voluntarily proposed to give me a private proof of his credentials, and begged me to ask him something — any thing apparently impossiblo. I asked him to plnco in my hands an Indian paper — tho Friend of India — for that very day. Ho reminded me that tho difference of timo between London and Delhi is about six hours, so that at 10 o'clock in the morn ing with ns it is already 4 in the after noon with them. If, ho said, I had asked for a copy of tiio paper ab midnight I might havo had ono just hot from tho press of tho next morning. As it was — I know not how the paper came into bis hands — he banded me the Friend of India of that very morn- 14 This is an interesting statement," said the Professor. 44 1 opened the paper and read itfrorn begin ning to cud" — hero Mr. Brudcnel's momory playod him false, bccauso in fact he had really read no more than tho title and the date. 44 It had already been cut, and, I presume, had been road six hours before. In one corner was a brown stain ns of spilt coffee. I thee, at the request oi Herr Paulus folded the paper, placed it iu an envelope, tied it round with ribbon, to which ho affixed his own seal, and deposited it iu a drawer of my safo. No ono, re member," ho added solemnly, 4 4 has a key to that safe but myself. That koy never leaves my possession." 44 And now," said the Professor, 44 You are going to Open the drawer and to show us the paper. But, first, how aro we 6ure that no ono has got at the safe ?" 44 You have my word." 44 Precisely. But how do yon yourself know it?" 44 1 repeat that no ono lias a key except my self, and that no ono know of tho deposit of this paper oxcopt myself." 44 Yon aro now going to show it to us. Per mit me to say, Air. Brndenei, that it would havo been more satisfactory had we seen it on tho day that you received it," 44 Much more satisfactory," said Emmanuel Chick. "Permit mo ono more question," this heck ling Professor continued. 44 Have the copies of this paper been sent round by the Post already ?" 44 1 bclievo not," Air. Brudenel replied. 44 They will ho received by London subscribers to-morrow morning, 44 That is highly important, and will have to bo ascertained. Now, sir, wo will, if you please, proceod to tho verification of tho docu ment." Air. Brudenel drew forth his hunch of keys. Then ho turned pale suddenly, and whispered a word in tho ear of Herr Paulu9. 44 The Friends have forgotten and forgiven," said this oracular young man." 44 Have neither doubt nor fear." Air. Brudenel gave his daughter his hunch of keys. 44 Sibyl, my dear," ho said, 44 Go and open the safe. Get me tho packet in the loft hand drawer." Sibyl obeyed. In tho left hand drawer tliero lay a packet of brown paper tied up with ribbon aud seated. 44 It was sealed in my presence," said Mr. Brudenel, 44 by Herr Paulus. He will examine the sc-al before it is broken. " Tho Professor looked at the seal. 44 There is a pentagon with somo Hebrew letters on it," ho said. 44 Hero is tho seal." Paul drew a ring from his finger. 44 It is my own — tlio seal of Princo Menolek." Then the Professor opened tho packet. Within it was the Friend of India, four weeks old, the paper which would ho delivered iu the morning. (To le continued.' 