Settling al Ghost " Do you believe in ghosts ?" " I do nowadays, but I didn't for merly." " What made you change your mind.' " " Since you moved into'the house next door to me my wood pile has gone down wonderfully." ' Sir !" i i "Yes, and I looked out last night and saw a white-robed spectre carrying an armful of wood towards your placed but I have bought a gun and I'm going to see to-night how buckshot and phan toms act together. So you must be go ing Well, good-bye." <$> Baron' IT. De Worms wormedjout of the Colonial office pigeon holes a lot of infor mation gind laid it out ill the House of Commons on .Junct 1st for inspection, it dated hick to 1858. 'SO years, ago and smelt: rather musty. As it came from Tientsin, | in China, there was also a strong smell of ; opium hanging round its yellow, faded, i pages. The British legislators smelt and j said : — " This is an unsavoury record, sug- j nesting wicked war made for unholy gain." j Then they polished up their spectacles and i read: — "Article 'J of the treaty between j Great Britain and China, signed at Tieuf- j sin on June 20, 1858, (Britislrsnhjects are j authorised to travel for their pleasure, or j for purposes of trade to all parts of the j inferior, underipassports. which wdh'/be issuedj By their Cousins and countersigned by local authorities.' ) " O-ho !" they said, " passports, do the Australians make Chinese take passports in Australia.'" "No," replied dc Worms. "A-ha!" said the legislators " we didn't know that. Australia and its customs are not well known to ns." Again the opium scented archives were overhauled, and the astonished legislators read : — " Rule 8 — Foreign ! trade under passports. ' It- is agreed that article 9 of the Treaty of I Tientsin shall not be interpreted as authorising British subjects to enter the capital city of Pekin for purposes of trade. ' " " Where is Pekin'" some of i them asked, and Randolph Churchill, the mighty traveller, told them that Pekin was a seaport six times as large as London, near the borders of Russia, " and they don t want foreigners picking about there, because they might find out all about alliances between the opium smokers and the tallow lovers.' " O-ho ! exclaimed the legislators, " is that the- reason why they won't let foreigners into Pekin. All right, then, we will support Australia, and Chinese shan't go free into Melbourne, the capital of Queensland ; or Sydney, the capital of Tasmania ; or Brisbane, the capital of Victoria ; or Adelaide, the capital of New South Wales ; or Laimceston, the capital of South Australia." And then De Worms gathered up his documents and the legislators shook hands all round and had drinks, and said : " This will shew how we love our Australian dependants who give us such nice investments for our spare money. We must keep foreigners away, because soon all Australia will be mortgaged to us, and we ought to look out after our property." And as they went home chuckling at the thought, a young Australian who had listened to their discourse said to himself:—-" They think they will get hold of us for good and all, do they,? Well, we're not full grown yet, but: when we are, Chinese and foreign mortgage holders will be all pitched out of the country together." But the legislators heard not this, or it might have disturbed their dreams. 