SCOTS CHURCH, BALLARAT, ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. The anniversary service in connection with the above church were held on Sunday last, when the usual sermons were preached morning and evening with an address to the children in the aftercoon [?]y the Rev. Arthur Davidson, one of the most popular and successful ministers in Victoria. The visit of lf r Davidson will be long remembered by members and adherents of the Scots Church for his able and practical utterances, combined as they were wich an earnest and stirring appeal to the heart and «on. science of his hearers. The annual tea meeting was held on Tuesday evening in Neil street Wesleyan schoolroom, kindly lent for the occasion, when above 300 sat down to an excellent tea provided by Mr M’Kenzie, of Bridge street. After tea an adjourn* ment was made to the Scots Church, where the public meeting commenced.at 8 o’clock. There were present on the platform—The Revs. T. Scott- Millar (minister of the congregation), T. R. Cairns, Dr Koseby (Con* gregational), JK. A. Whyte (Church of England), w. l. Morton, and T. Williams (Wesleyan) The meeting commenced with an anthem by the choir, after which the Rev. W. L. Morton engaged in prayer. In his opening remarks, the* Rev. T. Scort-Millar Bald:—“I trust that we shall not only spend a pleasant and enjoyable, but aLo a profitable even ing together; and. that when we leave this place we shall carry with us impressions for good that will urge us on with renewed efforts to our daily tasks a \ we feel ourselves girded about with the strength of an Almighty God. It is about two years since I first attempted to address-you from this same ulat* form. The time has been busy with us. Your church membership has almost doubled. Your Sab bath school and Bible classes, under the same able and loving superintendence, are in a most prosperous and satisfactory condition. Our second financial year has closed with an income of £637, Some feet stand* ing here 12 months since have reached the dark waters. Some near and dear ones who made your homes so much the brighter with their presence have gone to be with Chrisr. Rut as I look back this evening to the second year of our communion together, and think of the future that may yet lie before us, I find the same deep wants in our churches that met us then. to see more love one to another in the work of Christ. We want to see more of that charity for all, that reverence for others, without which the struggles and the hopes of life are alike in vain. You hear on erery side the cry for union. What we want more than all is not union, but life. We wa.it to see our Christianity not a foreign existence merely that may come into the mind and dwell there as a distinct possession. It should come out in our every day life and hallow each transaction. Let us each do his own work in his own way. Let us help each other. Let us strive to promote each other’s welfare. The Rev. T. R. Cairns said:—" It is an old tradition that ministers' speeches, at tea meetings are apt to be long ar.d windy. In our earlier days we generally begin with a few jokes, aud add a little moral at the end. I wish to speak, however, for a few minutes this evening on the duties of church members. We have recently had a visit from Mr Clarke, and owing to the fine spiritual feeling that runs throughout Ballarat his mission was a most successful one. But it is not enough to be simply hearers of the Word. It is the duty' of every Christian to do something. If our church is ever to discharje its functions aright it must be aggressive. 1 do not mean by this that we should endeavor to seduce any man from allegiance to his own church. I admire a man who has an opinion of his own, and who has at thesams time the courage of his opinion. Let us do the work honestly and in God’s name, and our churches of every denomination will be sur- to succeed.” The Rev. Dr Itoseby, who was introduced as one whose name had already become famous in the world of science, aud whose departure from Ballarat would be a decided loss to the city, said:—“l hope that my words this evening may be words of wisdom, at all events they are well considered. I wish to speak on atopic that at present occupies the attention of these colonies—the unhappy complications between the employers and the employed in Newcastle.. Perhaps the most serious aspect of this difficulty is the num ber of men thrown out of employment, the paralvsis of trade, and the destitution of families. There’are some who pronounce judgment against the miners, but that is not a wise and proper viewol the situation. They have no doubt been led on by men who have something to gain by the strike, and whose interests are not altogether unselfish. There are others, again, who agitate for an equal distribution of property" and say that the owner of estates has no greater right than the man who tills them for him. But >uch a view as this if carried out would throw society into a heap of ruins. No doubt that some of the mines in Newcastle weregotin the early days fora few gillons of rum, and the only fairway to deal with the matter would be for employer and employed to approach each other in a fair Christian spirit. The owner has probably £l5OO per annum, while the income of the miner does not exceed £l5O. The owner has no risk, while the miuer risks his health and life every day.” Rer. K. A. Whyte said:—‘‘lam. not good at telling jokes, but I hope to be able to make an appropriate address. It may be asked by some what brings me here to-night, but it is surely time that Christian people should be drawn together in a closer bond of union than before. It is not necessary that we should all worship according to the sanu* form. The Church of England service is most helpful to me, and there fore I am a clergyman of the Church of England. But your minister is my next neighbor, engaged in the same good work for Christ, and it is right that we should fight the evil one together, shoulder to shoulder, heart joined to heart. Thvse annual meet ings should be times of deep heart searching, when we should ask ourselves the question. What have we done in the year that is past for Christ ? You can all do something. You can all pray, and in this way bring down the blessing you so much need. Mr Clarke once asked Mr Spurgeon for the secret oi his power. The great preacher brought the evangelist to his prayer meeting, where aband of devoted Christians were engaged in.prayer for the success cf the work. ’That/ said Mr Spurgeon, ‘is my power.’ Do you want power? Do you want conversions? Do you want your Christian people led up to a higher life Then ask and ye shall receive. Be free, and open with your minister, aud the success of the past year will be but the beginning of still greater success and blessing in the future.” The Rev. W. Lockhart Morton said—“l am sincerely glad to be with you this evening to congratu late you upon the most successful anniversary ser vices’ you have yet held. I pray that God may bless you with still greater blessings; and that your minis ter may be filled with the Holy Ghost. Pray for your minister, work heartily and unitedly together with him, and your minister will be a b!e-sing and a power for God." The musical selections were rendered in ao able and effective manner by the church choir, Mrs Walker, Mr arid Mrs A. Gray, Miss Johnston, and Mr Wills, and the recitations by Miss Rose Vallins, a young lady who possesses histrionic power of a very high merit. Miss Gn-y, Miss Kiel, and Mrs Walker and Miss Thomas kindly played the accompaniments. The meeting closed by the’audience sing the Hun dredth Psalm, the blessing being pronounced by the Rev. Thos. Williams. • 