AMONG LIONS. At last Harry fell fast asleep, and even I could scarcely keep my eyes open. Indeed I was just dropping off when suddenly Pharaoh gave me a push. " Listen !" he whispered. 1 was awake in a second, and listening with all my ears. From the clump of bush to the right of the lightning-shattered stump to which the sick ox was tied came a faint crackling noise. Presently it was repeated. Something was moving there, faintly and quietly enough, but still perceptibly, for in the intense stillness of the night any sound seemed loud. I woke up Harry, who instantly said, '' Where is she ?" and began to point his rifle about in a fashion that was more dangerous to us and the oxen than to any possible lioness. " Be quiet!" I whispered savagely ; and as I did so, with a low and hideous growl a flash of yellow light sped out of the clump of bush, past the ox, and into the corresponding clump upon the other side. The poor sick brute gave a sort of groan, and staggered round and then began to tremble; I could 6ee it do so clearly in the moonlight, which was now very bright, and I felt a brute for having exposed the unfortunate ox to the agony he must undoubtedly be undergoing. The lioness, for it was she, passed so quickly that we could not even distinguish her movements, much less fire. Indeed at night it was absolutely useless to attempt to shoot unless the object is very close and standing perfectly still, and then the light is so deceptive and it is so difficult to see the foresight that the best shot will miss more often than he bits. " She will be back again presently," I said; " look out, but for heaven's sake don't fire unless I tell you to." Hardly were the words out of my mouth when back she came, and again passed the ox without striking him. " What on earth is she doing ?" whispered Harry. " Playing with it as a cat does a moase, I suppose. She will kill it presently." As I spoke, the lioness once more flashed ou\ of the bush, and this time sprang right over the doomed and trembling ox. It was a beautiful sight to see her clear him in the bright moonlight, as though it were a trick that shp had been taught. " I believe that she has escaped from a circus," whispered Harry; "it's jolly to see her jump." I saia nothing, but I thought to myself that if it was, Master Harry did not quite appreciate the performance, and small blame to him. At any rate, his teeth were chattering a little. Then came a longish pause, and I began to think that she must have gone away, when suddenly she appeared again, and with one mighty bound landed right on to the ox, and struck it a fearful blow with her paw. Down it went, and lay on the gtound kicking feebly. She put down her wickedlooking head, and, with a fierce growl of contentment buried her long white teeth in the throat of the dying animal. When she lifted her muzzle again it was all stained with blood. She 6tood facing UB obliquely, licking her bloody chops and making a sort of purring noise. " Wow's your time," I whispered, fire when I do." I got on to her as well as I could, but Harry, instead of waiting for me, as I told him, fired before I did, and that of course hurried me. When the smoke cleared, however, I was delighted to see the lioness was rolling about on the ground behind the body of the ox, which covered her in such b fashion, however, that we could not shoot again to make an end of her. u She's done tor! she's dead, the yellow devil!" yeDed Pharaoh in .exaltation; and at that very moment the lioness, with a sort of convulsive rush, half rolled, half sprang, into the patch of thick bush to the right I fired after her as she went, but so far as I could see without result; indeed the probability iB that I missed clean. At any rate she got to die buBh in safety, and once there, began to make such a diabolical noise as I never heard before. She would whine and shriek with pain, and burst out into perfect volleys of roaring that shook the whole place. " Well," I said, we most jnst let her roar; to go into that bush after her at night would be madness." At that moment, to my astonishment and alarm, there came an answering roar from the direction of the river, and another from behind the swell of bush. Evidently there were more lions about The woanded lioness redonbled her efforts, with the object I suppose of summoning the others to her assistance. At any rate they came, and quickly too, for within five minntes, peeping through the bushes of the skerm fence, we saw a magnificent lion bounding along towards us, through the tall tambouki grass, that in the moonlight looked for all the world like ripening corn. On he came in great leaps, and a glorious sight it was to see him. When within fifty yards or so, he stood still in an open space and roared, and the lioness roared too, and then there came a third roar, and another great blackmaned lion stalked majestically up, and joined number two, and really I began to realise what the ox must have undergone. " Now, Parry," I whispered, " whatever you do don't fire, it's too risky. If they let us be, let them be." Well, the pair of them marched off to the bush where the wounded lioness was now roaring double tides, and the whole three of them began to snarl and grumble away together there. Presently, however, the lioness ceased roaring, and the two lions came out again, the black-maned one first —to prospect, I suppose—and walked to where the carcase lay, and sniffed at it. " Oh, what a shot!" whispered Harry, who was trembing with excitement. " Yes," I said ; " but don't fire; they might all of them come for us." Harry said nothing, but whether it was from the natural impetuosity of youth, or because he was thrown off his balance by excitement, or from sheer recklessness and devilment, I am sure I cannot tell you, never having been able to get a satisfactory explanation from him; but at any rate the fact remains, he, without word or warning, entirely disregarding my exhortations, lifted up his Wesley Richards, and fired at the black-maned lion, and, what is more, hit it slightly on the flank. Next second there was a most awful roar from the injured lion. He glared around him and roared with pain, for he was sadly stung; and then, before I could make up my mind what to do, the great black-maned brute, clearly ignorant of the cause of the pain, sprang right at the throat of his companion, to whom he evidently attributed bis misfortune. It was a curious sight to see the evident astonishment of the other lion at the most unprovoked assault. Over be rolled with an angry snarl, and on to him sprang the black- maned demon, and commenced to worry him. This finally awoke the yellow-maned lion to a 6ense of the situation, and I am bound to say that he rose to the occasion in a most effective manner. Somehow or other he got to his feet, and, roaring and snarling frightfully, closed with his mighty foe. And then ensued a most tremendous scene. You know what a shocking thing it is to look at two large dogs fighting with abandonment. Well, a whole hundred of dogs could not have looked half so terrible as those two great brutes as they rolled and roared and rent in their horrid rage. They gripped each other, they tore at each other's throat, till their manes came out in handfuls, and the red blood streamed down their yellow hides. It was an awful and a wonderful thing to see the great cats tearing at each other with all the fierce energy of their 6avage strength, and making the night hideous with their heart- shaking noise. And the fight was a grand one too. For 6ome minutes it was hard to say which would win, but at last I-saw that the blackmaned lion, though he was slightly the bigger, was failing. I am inclined to think that the wound in his flank had crippled him. Anyway he began to get the worst of it, which served him right, as he was the aggressor. Still I could not help feeling sorry for him, for he made a gallant fight, when his antagonist finally got him by the throat, and struggle and strike out as he would, began to shake the life out of him. Over and over they rolled together, a hideous and awe- inspiring spectacle, but the yellow one would not loose his hold, and at length poor black-mane grew faint, hu breath came in great snores and seemed to rattle in his nostrils, then he opened his huge mouth, gave the ghost of a roar, quivered, and was dead. When he was quite sure that the victory was his own, the yellow-maned lion loosed his grip and sniffed at his fallen foe. Then he licked the dead lion's eye, and next, with his fore-feet resting on the carcase, sent up his own chant of victory, that went rolling and pealing down the darlc paths of the night in all the gathered majesty of sound. And at this point I interfered. Taking a careful sight at the centre of his body, in order to give the largest possible margin for error, I fired, and sent a 570 express bullet right through him, and down lie dropped dead upon the carcase of his mighty foe. After that, fairly satisfied with our performances, we slept peaceably till dawn, leaving Pharaoh to keep watch in case any more lions should take it into their heads to come our way. When the sun was fairly up we arose, and int very cautiously—at least Pharaoh and I did, for I would not allow Harry to come—to see if we could find any trace of the wounded lioness. She had ceased roaring immediately on the arrival of the two lions, and had not made a sound since, from. which we concluded that she was probably dead. I was armed with my express, while Pharaoh, in whose hands a rifle is a dangerous weapon—to his companions— had an axe. On our way we stopped to look at the two dead lions. They were magnificent animals, both of them, but their pelts were entirely spoiled by the terrible mauling they had given to each other, which was a sad pity. In another minute we were following the blood spoor of the wounded lioness into the bush, where she had taken refuge. This, I need hardly say, we did with the utmost caution; indeed I for one did not at all like the job, and. was only consoled by tbe reflection that it was necessary and that the bush was not thick. Well, we stood there, keeping as far from the trees as possible, searching and looking about, but no lioness could we see, though we saw plenty of blood. " She must have gone away somewhere to die, Pharaoh," I said in Zulu. " Yes, Inkoos" (chief), he answered," she has certainly gone a way." Hardly were the words out of my mouth when I heard a most awful roar, and starting round saw the lioness emerge from the very centre of the bush just behind Pharaoh, in which she had been curled up. Up she went on to her hind legs, and as she did so I saw that one of her fore-paws was broken near the shoulder, for it hung limply down. Up she went, towering right over Pharaoh's head, as she did so lifting her uninjured paw to strike, him down. And then, before I could get my rifle round or do anything to avert the coming catastrophe, the Zulu did a very brave and clever thing. Realising his own imminent danger, he bounded to one side, and then, swinging the heavy axe round his head, brought it down right on to her back, severing the vertebrae and killing her instantaneously. It was wonderful to see her collapse all in a heap like an empty sack.—RIDER HAG- GARD in Atlanta. 