Possibiiities.in'iiife andSer i ? _,.j.'i'i/j^»i.'.'...l;.!j!:™.,.-. ? ; Ilr-'Dalejof Birmingham, spoke is follows:, at a meeting in Sydney':—; '! ',' r , ,- ' ! I amanxious:to''impfe'ssorithe'heurts of all Christian people to' whom I have the. opportunity bispeakingwhether under these Southern sides or at Home; I want to- re- mind them that already the personal. Spirit of the Eternal actually dwells in them ; that they have7not to appeal with passionate outcries to God to ' send the Spirit— -the, ? Spirit has' corns as truly as Christ has come,' and every; man that hus found Christ -has receiyed the Spirit of Christ, the) Spirit of the father; and I want you to consider how great: and wonderful are the' possibilities suggested iby that great gift—- what know ledge you I may liave .concerning God and, things divine since the Spirit dwells in you ; whatpower for Christian righteousness since the. Spirit dwells in you; what passion of 'devotion to God since the Spirit dwells in :you ; what victories of faith since the Spirit fawells in you ; what hopes of glory, honor, .and immortality since the Spirit dwells in you. Don't measure your personal strength by anything less than the ideals -pf Christ tian perfection suggested by] the character and teaching of Christ.- / -..;':-.,,-. ?.'?.- Despair of no sanctity. ?^Why'shpuldyoii, you the children ' of tne Eternal, who have been made partakers of the divine nature-^/ the inspired men and the inspired women—-' you' who have': receiyed the Holy Ghost,' although the Holy./Ghost' may haye^been suppressed by your negligence and carele'ss . All things are possible to those in whom God dwells, and God dwells in you — in your personal life and in your church, life.. I entreat you in God's name to remember how much God has done for you already;^. His' Eternal Son has descended from theljeighf. of His throne to make your nature Histown and that you may receive the forgivenesS'of your sins ; you have been drawn into union with Christ, so that the life that dwells in Christ is yours, and you with Him are heirs to the glory of God, and the Spirit of God dwells in ybu.j All thingB are possible to those who are inspired. 