A Thrilling Miaiag Story. A HAN gets soine-^neer ideas in his bead when he's out all alone in the ■ mountains,' (said John Sanderson, an 6 old ^prospector, who had his head quarters at El Paso, but who makes •' Several incursions into the. mining dis ^ tricts every year). Half of them be * lieve in ghosts, nine out of ten in signs, and about all of them in luck. My >own experience has changed my views in a good oany particulars, and, for one thing, it made me a firm believer in special providence. It didn't come about gradually, but through as mar vellous an escape from an awful death as, I believe, ever falls to men. It happened up in the Mimbres mountains four years ago this summer. The Mimbi •es lie in New Mexico, down below old Fort Title Rosa, and they must be full of gold somewhere, be cause the beds of the creeks that find / their way down the sides are so rich in placer diggings that you can't pull up -a sage brush round there without seeing bright specks among the roots. I bad a pet theory then that if you followed the creeks up high enough and looked close enough you would find a tremendous deposit of gold in decom posed quartz. I thought, you see, that a little of it had washed off the surface in the course of time and formed those j placers. What 1 wanted to find was the mother gold. I talked the thing up to Charley Burke, another prospector and friend of mine, until he agreed to put np half the outfit and join me in the search. We got a couple of burros,' the neces sary tools, and started early in spring. The country about the Mimbres is 1 about as wild and desolate as any on earth, and it was a trip that nothing but faith and enthusiasm would prompt _ a man to attempt. It was one succes sion of gorges, gulches, and acclivities, all strewn with granite boulders from the size of a man's head to a four story block, and often we were obliged to "ieavje the watercourse we were following and make detours that took days at a time. The creek we followed was almost dry, and we stopped frequently looking for placers. We found no very rich oneB, but everywhere there was gold. Some times there would be lots of it in the bottom of the tin cup after we had taken a drink, and sometimes—here is a curious thing—it would be floating on . the surface. I will let some one who is -better posted in science than I tell why gold now and then floats, but I only knows that little flakes of it do, and a lot: of it is lost in sluice-mining that way. As long as we found placers we knew that the main deposit was ahead, bo we pushed along, tired enough, but confident. At last we came to a spot where the sand was barren for several 'day's journey, and then we began to prospect the coantry all round. To make a long story short we struck a ledge one morning with out-croppings that crumpled under my pick, and showed quartz all streaked with yellow threads. 1 Charlie/ I yelled out, all afire at once, * we have struck it.' But before we sunk a shaft we found something else that sent our hearts to our mouths. It was an old shaft, back a little way and in a claim properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. There was a notification according to law on one of the posts, that Peter Summer and Joseph Klautzy had caken possession of the ' Big Six' and done the legal assessment work. I sat right down collapsed, but Charley went over to the shaft and came back to tell me that it didn't cover half the amount necessary, under the law, to hold the property for a year. We measared it, and, sure enough, it was only down about half the required distance; so we took possession of the .property, changed its name to 'The Treasury,' and went to work. We built ourselves a rough shanty, rigged up a windlass, and began to sink. In a few days we were in a formation rich enough to make a man's head swim, and getting better as we i went down. We were both so excited that we begrudged the time to sleep and eat, and we neither of us meditated for an inslant giving the claim up to anybody, assessment work or no assess ment work. What had become of the . two men was a mystery. They had left no trace except the notification board and Bhaft, and it gave we the creepB now and then to think that theymighfc be dead. Bat we were not in a. frame of mind to let sentiment interfere with business. I suppose we had been there for a couple of weeks when provisions began to run short. We didn't want to both leave the claim at once, so it was finally arranged that Charlie go down the creek to a camp about 50 miles sway and bring a supply. He took both burros and started oflu I cal culated it would take him a week to make the trip, and time hung heavy on my hands. I tried to work a little iii the shaft. The formation was very hard, and we bad rigged up a sort of cross-bar ladder. I would go down this, fill the bucket, climb to the sur face and pull it up. At about noon of the second day after he left I was startled at what I thought, was a man crossing a little gulch half a mile away, I only had a #iew of it between two rocks, and whatever it was it passed so quickly that I was not sure. However, I waited for a couple of hours, and then seeing nothing further, concluded I was mistaken, and I went down into the shaft. I filled the bucket with very heavy ore, .climbed up, and had it about half-way raised when a man came walking up the creek, bed towards me. Thpsi. I knew that I was right before. • : He was an ugly looking customer, big and brawny, with a flat Scan jflinavianfiice, and carried it Winchester on his arm, I had a little «tick that I slipped into the windlass handle near thr. axle to keep it from turning back ward, and, leaving the bucket just where it was, suspended halfway up, I started toward the cabin to get my arms. He covered me w ith hia repeat ing ride and ordered me to halt. " What are you doing on my claim V he said. " I reckon you can see,' I replied, putting as good a face on it as I possibly could. "You mean you've jumped it, you cursed thief V " No I don't. There wasn't enough work on it to hold it, and it was as much mine as anybody's.' " You lie.' He looked at me over the -sights with his wicked greenish eyes for fully a minute. Then he said : " Did you ever pray V " Yes,' I faltered. " Then pray now. I'll give you two minutes to do it.' By that time my mind was clear enough to take in the whole situation, and I had no doubt but he intended to murder me then and there. With me out of the way, there would be no one to testify to the insufficient work, and I would simply be regarded, if the story of my death was ever told, as a claim-jumper who had been justly dealt v, ith. I felt my knees begin to tremble and tried another tack. " If you kill tne,' I said; " my partner will be back and see that you hang for it.' " I'll fix your partner the same way, you claim-jumping cur.' True enough. Nothing would be easier than to assassinate Burke on his return, and we had so jealously guarded the secret of our trip that no one would know where to search for us. We would simply disappear, as hund reds of prospectors do, never to be seen by men again, and speedily to be for gotten. I had no hope of mercy from the instant I looked into the man's cruel face. I felt with the sickening qualm and a wild drumming in my ears that my time had come. " Oh, for heaven's sake, don't mur der me," I cried, ' I will go.' The man made no reply. For a moment my head swam, and then, with a sudden return of vision that was ex crutiating in its clearness, I saw him stoop slightly, rest the gun-barrel over the windlass handle, and marked even that slight contraction of the eyelid that always jnst preceed a shot. The next instant there was a crash, an ex plosion, and a cry all mingled into one. I saw the man turning head over heels down the embankment, the Winchester flying through a cloud of smoke up into the air, and all the while heard a loud monotonous whirring noiss that was like some gigantic clock running down. I did not realise it at the time, but this is what happened : When he rested his gun across the windlass he dropped the barrel right across the little stick I had thrust in to prevent it tumbling, and knocked it out. I sup pose the bucket of ore weighed I501bs., and the great iron handle, swinging clear around, gained such terrible momentum that it strpck him off his feet like a camioa ball. The gun. was discharged by the shock, but the ballet went nowhere near me. Before I re gained my senses T heard the bucket strike the bottom with a smash. When I picked np the man he was unconscious, buc moaning a little, and the blood trickled out of his ears. His gun was broken. He lav at the cabin for a week or two, and after Charlie got back we managed to get him to Silver City. There the doctors put his face in a sort of plaster of paris cast, but. although the wound healed, he was out of his head and eventually died. The night before he passed away, be motioned for a alate he used to write on, he couldn't speak. He was very weak, and it took him a long time, but at last be scrawled : " Who hit me V Before we could tell him he fainted away. The mine! Oh, the mine pinched out after awhile and disap pointed us. I sold my interest to Burke, and. I think, after working it for a year, he gave it up in dissust and moved away. Mexican Paper. 