My Adventure with Morgan. For Figaro. (See Illustration.) Pull up, mate; let us camp by this cool stream, The grass seems good, and our prads are hungry now; We have ridden far and fast, since the first bright sunlight's gleam Shone this morning on Ben Lomond's lofty brow. And while we are resting here, X a tale to you will tell Ao adventure with a robber on the " Bland." 'Twas with Morgan,|the bushranger (yes, I remember well), Who met me, and commanded me to stand. " Pull up/' he said, " for I must have your horse; He looks compact and fit, and I have far to go, I am Morgan, the bushranger, you have heard of me, of course, As a cruel, heartless murderer, I know." " It's hard," I said, He's carried me thro' many a day of strife ; You're welcome to my purse, Morgan, but spare me ' Cap-a-pie'— The truest friend I've had in all my life." " Dismount," he cried, in stern commanding tones— " I'll take your purse, your horse and saddle, too, as well. Resist, and by my father's ghost, the hawks will pick your bones, The while I ride your favorite charger on to h 11." Then we heard a sound—'Twas brumbies trotting t>y. He looked alarmed, and partly turned his head, When I passed him like a lightning flash, and heard his angry cry, With shaip report — crack, crack, crack, an! whizzed the hissing lead. Now, I grasp'd my reins ; a fence was in the way, A six-wire fence, and stoutly built, and new; But " Cap-a-pie" made no mistake ; brave beast, without delay, He rose and cleared it clean, as on his course he flew. And bounding forward, like a startled deer, With Morgan's pistols cracking close behind ; The wiie-fenee baulked the robber's horse and wild oaths reached my ear, As he yelled his angry curses to the wind. We escaped unhurt,"my good old horse and I, Nor parted since, nor parted e'er shall be — While there's life within those iron nerves, and fear less fiery eye, And stout staunch heart, that never flags, of matchless " Cap-a-pie." G.C. • J. Dewar and family, who have been recreating down South for a spell, have returned to their Thursday Island nest. Dewar has resumed his post in the shipping branch of Burns, Philp & Co., and the boys have to en-Dewar all his gorgeous yarns of travel. If they try to cap any of his tall anecdotes, he tells them straight that they wag false jaws, and none dare reply to him—" And Dewar another!" William Claekson Hawkins, of Tieryboo station, shot himself dead at Molyneaux's Hotel, Conda mine, on 23rd July. He had been subpoenaed to give evidence against a man named Boyd, charged with larcency, and had remarked that he would rather put a bullet through his body than face that ordeal. He was suffering from softening of the J brain. It will be remembered that some time ago j the deceased's brother was found murdered by a gun- i shot wound in his bed at Tieryboo. Captain Wilkie, who has been senior pilot at Thursday Island for eight years past, has gone South on leave of absence, and is by this time, probably, in Melbourne, "doing" the Exhibition. He w as banqueted on the 13th July by the leading residents of Thursday Island, where he has been a prominent citizen. He was chairman of the local School of Arts and is still chairman of the Local School Committee. Sydney and Newcastle chums will be glad to learn that J. Utting is all there on the Brisbane Courier. How time flies ! It seems but yesterday since Jack was slinging ink, good ink, too, from one end of New Zealand to the other, his effusions being known to many readers from Auckland to the Bluff. He has a rare fund of anecdote—legal, theatrical and news paperial, and the phrases flow glibly from either pencil or tongue. He is smart at both shorthand and longhand reporting. His son, young Utting, is a chip of the old block. He's doing the shipping on the Newcastle (N.S.W.) Herald, and knows every craft that comes into the harbor. He shapes well for verbatim reporting, too, and can give many of the oldsters long odds already. Wimble wonders—"If I should meet Sir Chawles in society in Brisbane, would it be hetty-ket to give him a wrinkle or two about that beastly helection petition? So 'orrid provoking, just as people were beginning to respect me." At Mr. Rorke's, in Queen-ttreet, I have just seen two lovely ottomans worked by Mrs. Stewart, wife of Captain D. (x. Stewart, aod intended at one time for the Exhibition, but, after the burning of the large building where the annual display of work was held, j Mrs. Stewart decided to keep the results of her long and skilful labors herself, after letting them be ex hibited for a short time at Mr. Rorke's. They are j certainly very beautiful, like large decorative paint ! inga, the designs being groupings of tropical bird*, large lilies, differently shaded convolvuli and leaves, very correctly worked in wool, white and steel beads, with an occasional addition of filoselle, which as a whole are very effective. The framework and legs of the stools, as they now stand finished, are in polished walnut, »vith just a band of dark plus!i round the sides, and they will form very handsome pieces of furniture, one being a double size, to seat two persons, and the other square. 