OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, . - - Wednesday. -- ' Those words of deep irony, " then to meet for. despatch, of business," have been proclaimed at last, and Minister- baiting is to be resumed on the nine teenth of June. From three weeks to a month will then be comfortably wasted in discussing the address in reply, varied by a want of confidence motion, in order to get the opinion of the House on the Chinese question, And also, probably, a special vote of want of confidence in Mr Dow, whose adminis tration of the Lands and Agriculture Departments has given anything but satisfaction to the country members. A skirmish over, the sessional , orders should then be followed by an all-round want' of confidence motion" to test the Ministerial Corner ; and by that time July will be well advanced, and Mr Gillies will be allowed : to -make his Budget statement and introduce the Tariff Bill. Members will require about a fortnight's time to think this over, and consult their constituents and the members of the trades affected, and this will give Mr Deakin an opportunity to bring in the Electoral' Bill ; and then all the fat will be in the fire, and nothing else will he thought of. Next there will be an adjournment, in consequence of the opening of the Exhibition and the festivities connected therewith ; aud this will be followed by some good old rough- itnci- ciiLiiuic bioiiOtViiiiiiig tiiiu du-mgmi sittings, just to show our guests from foreign nations how we run Parliamentary institutions in Victoria. Finally, in disgust at another wasted session, mem bers will insist upon a prorogation, in order that they may get.; to the country and have the worry over,' and the people will be left very much as they were at the end of last session, with the status quo ante helium faithfully preserved. Sir Bryan used to say there was nothing like a vote of waut of confidence to open a session with — it made things go so much brisker ; and this year motions of that character are likely to come, not as single squares, but in battalions. At the commencement of the contest for the Melbourne Province Mr Byrne's supporters were the better organised and were working mucli the hardest ; but their candidate has damaged his own chances day by day. Although Mi- Byrne enjoys the reputation of being the man that put out MeGulloeh and gave Mr Berry his first Ministerial seat, he is not a success upon tlio platform. He has a cramped style of speaking, as if lie wasn't quite certain of what lie was going to say, and lie appeai-s to be haunted with the ghosts of tlio past, that liis head hasn't room to contain anything connected with the active living politics of the present. His address was a revival of the opinions lie- helcl in 1SG1-, and he has followed this up by issuing a liaudbill, which is a reprint of an article in the "Age," ryled " An historical survey of the na tional effects' resulting from the opera tions of the mysteries of Free Trade and Protection." All through the contest he has acted as though he could not disabuse himself of the impression that we are still in the sixties and seventies, that there has been no progress in politics since Crowlands rejected him in 1SG9, and that the battle of Free Trade and Pro- tection has yet to be fought. A gentle man who bases his claim to sit in the Council oil his support of the principle of Protection, his, desire for a free breakfast- table, anil his conviction that .everyone should receive a fair week's wages for a fair week's work, canuot he deemed a wide-awake candidate. It would have been better for liim had the fates allotted to liim a guardian of his slumbers similar to that granted to Barbarossa, who is fabled to be still sleeping in his castle . of Thurin'ga, where lie is likely to snooze for a few thousand years move. Occasionally he wakes and asks, " Is it time '?" but the j guardian voice always replies, " Not | yet ! sleep on." There is a little story, which most folk remember, about certain boys who mocked the possessor of a physical in- iormity,. and . the hears., came out of the wood and ate up those boys/whieli, as bears arc not, as a ..rale, actively car nivorous, was a most remarkable thing 1 for them to do. All history and litera ture teems with instances of the retri- Ibulive punishments that have, fallen UjJUU jJUUpiU \V UU ILI illvU it bUUli »lli Lilt/ j misfortuues of others, and a' very remarkable instance of, this kind of Nemesis has befallen: a member of the Yictorian Parliament, s Xiast-Vsession, Mr Deakin, who always overworks4 a phy sique not natui'.ally very vigorous, suffered from an impairment of eye sight, which compelled liim to wear colored glasses to modify the fri'c- tional influence of light. Characteristi cally, Mr Gaunson always made a sport of this infirmity, and was accus- lULilcU tu ituuieoo jlu.l i/Litwu tta o lamps," to tell him " to take down those shutters," or to remark on the floor of the Assembly " that anyone could ob serve that the Chief. Secretary couldn't see as far as most people," and induigo in other insulting reflections of a similar description. But howi the bears have, come 'out of the wood, and infirmity has laid a heavy hand upon the eyes of the scoffer,, who is compelled to screen them .with the. very glasses lie derided Mr Deakin for wearing; while, if he is not careful, the sight may wither from tlnne altogether. : The greetings of members with the Premier are beginning to have quite an " Ave Caisar, moriluri te salutant" char acter, and it is but poor consolation to know that-Csesar may be himself extin guished by his own Electoral Act. At I i , .. ilirtHA . in rt. « Unn«A 1 AI StretiO UlCtJt/UlgO UULIO lo .. 4k. OyUO'J VIA solemnity, mow in the hand- shakeJ If secret thoughts were spoken they would run thus : H6w. are 3rou, Gordon? I suppose we shan't see: you again after next session ;" or " Sorry you're going to leave us, Murphy or " Ah ! well, An drew, we shall miss your stately form ; but we can't he . all in it, .you know." Generally speaking, members are so agitated about the Electoral Bill and its possibilities, that they can talk of notli- mrt aien olflinnnli on 'lfrtiWflOCinTl IS iixg cidcj cuuiiuugAi au o ing ground that the number of members in the Assembly will be increased by it; to something much nearer one hundred, in order to prevent too great a massacre of the innocents whose constituencies fail to come up to the unit of popula tion. Any increase of the Assembly will naturally he objected to by the council ; so that it would require a good deal of engineering to get a clause ol augmen tation through. Another point much discussed is the representation of Mel bourne and suburbs, which, if allowed the number of representatives .they could claim On a population basis, would swamp the votes of the country representatives. It is whispered that when the Bill is flung upon the table for members to wrangle over, a determined. - attempt will be made to have Melbournemnd its environs treated as a single electorate, returning a specified number of mem bers, not necessarily- the number it would be entitled to. This, it is th6ughtV .would give tlio capital an opportunity of having -its lack.; in number; of . repre sentatives compensated - for- by . their talent, as such' a system would be likely to secure a larger number of leading and able men as metropolitan represen tatives than: the existing local voting one permits: -. The . idea may not be. unfavor ably regarded by the Government, -one of whose , members,, Mr Wrixon, has several times advocated, in, his .place, in Parliament, the " expediency of making the whole colony one single electorate, in order to induce the best men it contains to submit : themselves to a general suffrage of the electors. 