Her Majesty's Theatre. It is a recognised maxim and an accepted truth that every actor thinks himself a good interpreter of Hamlet, and that, however actors may difEer in their readings, it is hardly possible for any intelligent actor to assume the character without favourably im pressing his hearers. In this great tragedy there are so many . points which touch the heart, so many which appeal to the reason and withal such a glamour which, time and the representations of great artists have thrown around it, that the words of the author in another play may well be applied to this : 'Age cannot wither nor custom stale its infinite variety.' Mr. George C. Miln, an American actor, who appeared for the first time in Sydney on Saturday last as Hamlet, brings very much that is out of the beaten track to aid his interpretation, and much that appealed most favour ably to the large audience which greeted him ; though in his reading there were variations which were hardly acceptable to Shakespearian students. The management have mounted the play in a style far beyond that of any previous representation. Mr. Rignold has made the best use of the ample resources of the stage ; the scenic artist has put forth his best ''energies, and in the scene between Hamlet and the Ghost on the ramparts, in the closet scene, and the graveyard, the efforts of the actors were aided by the best accessories. Miss Louisa Jordan, also an American, played Ophelia, and in the latter scenes displayed a discrimination and power of delineation which evi denced great dramatic instinct and culture. Mr. Miln is a young man, about the height of his famous countryman, Edwin Booth. His head gives the im pression of fine intellect, and his appearance secured what his performance justified in the approval of the audience. The burial of Ophelia was rendered particularly impressive. The body was borne by six maidens robed in white, and lowered into the grave with the face uncovered, while a soft-toned bell tolled at regular intervals and some dozen soldiers kept guard in the place. The wild leap of Laertes, which, so far as the audience could see, resulted in his jump ing on the face of the fair Ophelia, was a startling shock to the spectators. Some of Mr. Miln's changes in the text and omissions of familiar parts will scarcely find approval. We all look for the Ghost in the closet scene, and no effect of light will atone to the public mind for his absence. So, too, urn 11-1 ' T ? i. ? J A.X. _ wc 11XXS9 nit: auYiue ui. x U1UU1U.O vu jjaertea unu iiie King's prayer. The extremes seem to meet in Mr. Miln's performance. There is an excess of convention and an utter want of it ; and there is, moreover, a fervid earnestness and a passionate vigour which compel sympathy and admiration in many parts. Miss Emily Fitzroy as the Queen in the closet scene was dressed in pure white. The subdued light thrown on the chamber gave a semi-mystic effect which was in keeping with the situation. Mr. H. It. Jewett played the King ; Mr. Stirling Whyte, Polonius ; Mr. Walter Howe, Laertes; Mr. Hazlitt, Horatio ; Mr. Hall was the Ghost. The first gravedigger, represented by Mr. J. It. Greville, was admirable, and Mr. Joe Tolano well seconded him. The quaint old- time wit and the philosophy were uttered with genuine appreciation. Miss Athena Claudius made a charming player* Queen ; and other members of the company fulfilled their parts with various degrees of excellence. The play as mounted should draw well for some time. 