News in Brief. . Burned out! . But not "bested"!! Our offices have been destroyed by fire. ; But our papers continue to: be publishe usual... .? ? >y ':''ív: The proprietors are deeply grateful: for assistance and sympathy they . have met wit all sides. . .;.-'..:.* J. ? V. , . Was it not appropriate that Mr. '.'' Bur should dffer to help» us in our presentí < cultyP - > 1 - ' ^A reduction in freight ¡rates of ¡2s. 6d -per from London to Melbourne and Sydney has.I announced in London. , , , i-r A~new tale of thrilling interest, by an 1 traban lady, is begun in this number M ' TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. . . : , . Very good progress is being made at the Wi nambool breakwater. Seven divers- are noy\ regular work. . The Government has yet, so the Prémier i BI to consider several proposed J. railways. /Tl will be taken into consideration andi delibera upon without delay. r . <? , Heavy rains have fallen in the north cc regions of this colony. Thirty points of r were registered at Tenterfield. Good progress is being made with the format of a company to carry on a butter factory Ballina Creek, Richmond River. The wheat crops of the Young and Gren: districts will this season be almost total failure On the 18th instant, thirty-seven oommn cants were confirmed in St. Mathew's Chur South Grafton, by the Bishop of Grafton a Armidale, assisted by the Rev. F. Haviland. The balance-sheet of the Penrith Coun showed that the receipts were : Penrith Wa: £2271 17s 8d; Castlereagh Ward, «£449 12s S Mulgoa Ward, ¿8460 15s. Expenditure: Penri Ward, 1271 10s ld; Castlereagh Ward, ¿6313 lld; Mulgoa Ward, ¿8312 7s 8d, leaving total credit balance of ¿81285 3s 9d. On the arrival of Cardinal Moran at Adelai on November 22, ho was received by Archbish Reynolds and a large number of members of t Roman Catholic Church. In reply to the . address, the Cardinal said that the politic prospects in Ireland were brightening. He co grátulated the Australian colonies on the fi measure of freedom they enjoyed. 1 -'}?? >' The exports from Silverton for the week wer New Year, 14 tons 19cwt lqr ore, value ¿830i Day Dream, 8 tons lOcwt ore, value ¿6170 j La< Brassey, 12 tons ore, value ¿6180 ; Umberumbera 30 tons ore, value ¿8487. : . ' Our Mount Hope correspondent telegraphed < Monday last : The drought is unprecedented Stock are dying in all directions through scarer of water. Provisions are at famine price Teams on the western railway route have to! met with water carts twenty miles out. ? Forai is unprocurable. At a meeting of the Kiama Agricultural Ass ciation the tender of Messrs; White and Davi< to erect'a' banquetting hall 50ft by 23ft with verandah and an octagon dome for the judges i the parade ring at a cost of ¿8320, was accepted. Tne Young and neighboring districts; are, i common with many other localities in Now Soul Wales, suffering much from bush fires. Severi pastoralists have lost very heavily; and shee and cattle are in a deplorable condition. Tl water in the creeks and dams is fast drying up. ; Business is brisk in Roebourne (W.A.). Horse aré fetching good prices, from ¿615 to ¿620 fe hacks, and there is a great demand' for pick shovels, and mining tools. Mutton is being sol at 2 jd per lb, beef 2ld per lb, gold ¿63 15s per o: The pearlers have been experiencing roug weather at Lagrange Bay (W.A.) lately, and nc much diving has been done. ' ¡ It is said, that the canegrowers of Rous (R. R, have guaranteed to plant 1000 acreB of cane at low figure. The sugar refinery in the course c erection by Mons. Suliman ÍB progressing'rapidlj The sugar will be manufactured into'solid cubefc similar to beet to facilitate carriage and presei vation. The discussion on Sir Henry Parkes's motion r the: Sydney Assembly on the Colonial Governor question ended shortly after midnight on Thurs day, November 22 ; and of course the motion Wa carried unanimously. Mr. Buchanan's amend ment was negatived by all the members save two the two being Mr. Buchanan himself and Mi Walker. The debate on the Treasurer's financial state ment was continued on Thursday, November 22 and speeches were made by Messrs. Garvan ane Lyne in opposition, and by MesBrs. Tonkin ane Ellis on the Government side. The discussioi was farther adjourned until the following week. The Payment of Members Bill was read the second timo in the Sydney Assembly on Novembe] 22, by 24 to 12, and passed through committoe without amendment. In the Sydney Legislative Council, onNovembei 22, tho Broken Hill Water Supply Bill was intro duced by Mr. Trickett and read the first time. À petition in favor of the bill, signed by over 200C residents of the district, was received. Thc Broken Hill Gas Company's Bill was passed through committee Sir ThoB. M'llwraith;,is greatly pleased at the result of the debate in Sydney on the Colonial Govornors question. He telegraphed to Sir Henry Parkes thus : " Accept my heartiest cbngratula tièns on the fine position you have taken up and carried. One thing more I should like tb see, and that is some proposition from you which will bring us all into a united federal council." They have managed to raise another ghost in New South Wales. This time it is not at Kiama, but at Little Bay. Thoro have boon rumors about some apparition. But ho substantial evi dence can bo obtained. So reported Dr. M'Laurin, vory gravely, on tho subject. But tho paperB phow that there has been considerable unpleasant ness botweeh some bf the officials at tho hospital there; also that a white loper is in tho hospital who cannot at proaent be removed thence. Where ho came from sebms also to bo doiibtful. Gladstone will visit Italy next month. Pine rains in "West Australia last Saturday Heavy galeB in Britain. Disastrous fire Australia. - .Two fatal cases of sunstroke occurred last i in'Horshain (Vic.). . The mining claims about Markdale, Binda, still raising good stone. . - . Owing, to the drought, the summer fruit in Parramatta orchards is suffering to a g extent. ? , ' . . The death is announced of James O'GorJ (the O'Gorinan Mahon), formerly . Home 3 member for Clare. Mr. G. A. Tunks, assistant-postmaster in Co was presented with a purse of sovereigns, dh occasion of his removal.to Goulburn. Lively/municipal elections^ expected in Hob And in Sydney, too, we hope ! , ; . Madame Boulanger is applying for a dive from her husband, General Boulanger. Alderman Shaw has been elected Mayor Adelaide for the ensuing year without opp tion. The New Zealand Copper-mining. Compa Nelson, has been placed upon the London mark the capital being ¿6Í50,000. ! Parnell proposes that the Irish Land Çomn sion shall have power to remit arrears of n due by tenants. The OSSERVATORE ROMANO, the Papal org declared last week that Pope Leo XIII, shoi leave Rome if the Italian Government,contrad I any farther the iron chicle confining him. *, |. The London TIMES of November 23 contain j single leader, a column long, on foreign aflaii í whüe it devoted no less than thirty-nine coliur I to Irish news'. i.-.- In London best Australian tin was unchang on November 23 at ¿8101 5s. Chilian bar copi was 5s lower-¿681 10s. Mutton, tallow has advanced 3d in London, a: is now quoted at 34s 9d. Beef tallow is unchang Mr. G. H. Fitzhardinge, Crown Prosecutor, h been appointed to act as District Court Jud during the absence of Judge Dowling, who is awi on account of ill health. ? , ":' ; . . A farmer has been murdered in County Ker. as the result of an agrarian outrage. The prospectus of tho Island Block (Tevic Gold-mining Company, Otago, New Zealand, wi a capital of ¿860,000, has been issued. . .< - The CHRISTIAN LEADER said : Toronto TTnive sity rejoices, in a professor whose name .is tl Rev. Mr. Wrong. , - A paper is to hand with the following, adve I tisement : "To Musical Men1-A professor of mus offers at a very moderate rent, a fine airy, .we] furnished bedroom for a gentleman fond music twelve foot iby fourteen." v w : The London correspondents ,¡ of some Glai stonian papers have started a.story that Lord ] Churchill ,ÍB going to oppose the Government Irish policy. > > : . According to the KÖLNISCHE : ZEITUNG, Emi Pasha was born a Jew .and ¿named Isaac Schnizle i but at this time nobody ; knows ¡-.whether he cal] himself a. Jew,^£hristian,,or a* Mahometan. ; The mania for " reminiscences " is such rtlu there is a talk amóng.¿tho-friends jof the late eh inent actor of " old " parts, ^ W; H.v Chippendall who, when a boy, carried "proofs' to Sir Walt« Scott, of collecting anecdotes about him. . j "Tip" is a well-known elephant associaté with Forepaugh's. circus. At Dubois, Penni some boys had-angered the animal by feeding i with apples which contained pepper and tobacci On Trainer Poggy proceeding to drive it out. c its car it at once killed him. . Í Bush fires in the Monteagle district hav destroyed extensive areas ; of grass and loni stretches of bush fencing. Many of the farmer of the district have been heavy losers. ;?? Mr. Alexander Brodie, a resident of Murrui undi for forty-nine years, and one of the oldes pioneers of that district, and a leading townsman for many years, died on Satuday, in his 78tí year. Í An old man named William'Clark Finlaysoi was found dead in the blacksmith's shop of Thor] and Nunn, Charters Towers, one morning las week. - A post-mortem examination was held and a verdict of death from natural causes re turned. - At MuiTurundi, on November 21, a . plain" ant fancy dress ball was given in aid of the funds o the local hospital. The ball took place in th« School of Arts, which was handsomely decorated Fry's band supplied good music, the attendant was satisfactory, and a programme of twenty dances -was spiritedly carried out. A fire broke out on Saturday in the bakery o] W. Bibo, of Gundagai, and got a complete hole of the building beforo it was discovered. Owing to the exertions of about 100 men with watei carried in buckots, the fire was kept within thc limit of the bakehouse. The premises were nol insured. Mr. Bibo estimates his loss at about ¿e70. With regard to the phylloxera question, Sir Henry Parkes's latest information is that the following report has been supplied by Mr. Chas. Moore, the secretory to the Vine Diseases Board: "Beyond the vineyards ascertained as being infected, nothing more was known by the board of the spread of tho disease; the exact area was not yet ascertained; tho total compensation could not yet bo determined in the absence of exact measurements of infected areas, and that tho compensation in Borne cases was con sidered too high." This does not look much like business.. At the half-yearly meeting of the London Chartered Bank of Australia, on November 20, Sir J. F. Garrick, lately Agent-General for Queensland, referred to tho then nominal rise which had taken place in city property in Victoria and some of the other leading colonies. This rapid advance was, ho considered, moro apparent than real, and could not bo accepted as a sound basis for financial operations. ' It was necessary, ho thought, that tho greatest caution should bo exercised by tho colonial branches in making advancos to olionts on the prosont inflated j socuritios. j O'Connor (of Toronto) is now champion sc of America. The total amount of money voted for the employed" for this year was ¿880,000. Hunt's Creek, Parramatta, whioh supplies town with water, has never been known as as now. ? Mrs. Henry Ford, wife> of Alderman Foi i Cowra, and a very old resident of the disi I The Spring Show at Berry is reported to 1 been very "successful. The receipts amount* more than £50. i - At the Dubbo local land office last week one selection was taken up. No animatio expected -until there is a good rainfall. Rain has fallen on tho Barcoo, varyinj different parts of the district from 0'23in to¡l'í There is general joy in consequence. ' ;a -. ; The Queensland Government is negotiating a new Torres Straits mail service. A twc knots steamer is : required, not leBS ; than : tons. . ;.- -, 1 ? George Perkins and M'Lean, of the Richi» River, were matched on Monday for ¿£130 a; over the champion course; the race to com« early in January. ; A shipment of fruit forwarded to England f Parramatta arrived in good condition, and real 12s a case. Tho fruit was hot carried in the frigerating chamber. > On Monday last Messrs Hasluck and party Adelaide for Anna Creek, en route for the rr fields. They will use camels, and expect tx absent for two weeks. , - , The "Victorian Minister of Water Supply granted a loan of .£242,878 to the Rodney ] Irrigation and Water Supply Trust. . The ; ti area includes 284,000 acres. . Tho thermometer at the Melbourne Observât registered lOldegin the shade, and 146deg in sun before noon on Friday, November 23, mak it the hottest day of the season. At an enthusiastic meeting in Windsor, it i resolved' to endeavor to obtain a survey of Hawkesbury to Windsor wharf, with the viev having the river made navigable to that point, A new clau.se has been added to the Divo Bill now before the South Australian Parliame making it a misdemeanor for any person agai: 'whom a decree absolute for dissolution marriage has been made to marry again wit) two years; ... , .'? The enterprising Mr. . Maroney, of Newcasl announces a big Sheffield handicap of ¿8125, a a 440 yards handicap for. ¿B15, to, be run on! comber 29,30, and January 1. The entries y close, on December 8. The starts are promif for December 15. Acceptances, will be due December 22. : , , . ;. ;.rRumor .has it that Sir William Robinson, t retiring Governor of ;.South Australia, will appointed to Queensland instead of Sir Hen Blake. A The German Reiohstag was opened on Novei ber 22 by the Emperor > William, who said th ; the Government < would,., during coming sessic proceed with measures of. social and politic legislation. In referring ' to foreign affairs, Baid that the Government would make increash efforts to maintain the peace of Europe. Great excitement . prevails in Governme: circles in iRussia in consequence of the attitu of Germany, which is regarded as tlu*eatening that power; : Russia is" now seriously inclining an understanding with France with the view repelling any .aggression by Germany. This week?s. instalment, of I the amusing ta entitled That Perplexing Plot," was unfört nately; consumed in the - disastrous fire la Saturday night. The author has been commua cated with, and will, doubtless,be able to"unrav the plot " for our readers within , the next fe weeks'; --1 . "-" .? .? "; A severe hailstorm lately visited some of tl I agricultural districts of West Australia, an committed havoc among the crops. The COUTI of the storm could be traced in some instanc« for milés by the damage it did to tho trees. The Btock routes are badly supplied with wat« (wroto our Parkes correspondent). A tank : much .needed between Parkes and the Bogai and another on the Wellingtori-road. . There is a brother of Bazaine's still living i France. He is ' an engineer ; and his two son are promising young officers in the French arm) They have obtained tho authorisation of th Chancellcrio to tack on their mother's surname { the family patronymic ; and their name is give as Bazaine-Hayter in the Army List. Harvesting has begun in earnest in the Jerii derie district. The first load of new wheat cam from Kulki, from Mr. N. Flynn's farm. The graii is "fine and plump, and will make splendid -flour. An explosion of naphtha occurred on Novembe 20 in Bristol, resulting in tho loss of three lives and in great damage to property.' Tho Rev. Dr. J. Paton Gloag, of Galashiels, ha been chosen. moderator-elect of the Establishe< Church of Scotland; tho Rev. John Laird, o Cupar-Fife, as modorator-eleot of the Free Churol of . Scotland; and the Rev. Dr. Macleod, o Birkenhead,< as .moderator-elect of the Englisl Presbyterian Church. Walgett was, ion November 9, the scene of i successful social entertainment, which took tl« form of ,a cpncert and 'farce, supplemented by s dance. « <Tho affair was under tho direction oi Miss E." M. Hosier, and was held in the Odd fellows''Hall; > It was organised as a means oi reduôin'g tho debt on the organ in the Roman Catholic Church, and was signally successful. A hospital ' ball waB hold at Tenterfield on November.21 in/tho local town hall. The music was supplied hy the Tenterfield band. The re freshment tables were presided over by Mes dames Stephens and Hagerty. Messrs. Maitland and Cornoet officiated as Ms.Ct ' A proclamation'in tho GAZETTE of November 24 rovoked part of the reserve within tho limits of the Burrangong^goldfield, being about 60 acres, in the town of Young. In the same GAZETTE appeared a largo number of revocations of temporary re serves ' and tho announcement of several new rosorvcB from sale for travelling stock, camping, water supply, and other purposes, Tho profits of the flower show held at Adelong were about ¿625. Gloomy reports are current as to the probable failure of the water supply at Nymagee. Judge Backhouse gave a farewell dinner in Wentworth before his removal to another dis trict. ' -?''?? ;:, ? Mr. H. Buchanan (Mayor of Newcastle) gave his mayoral banquet on Friday in last week. There were 130 guests. It is reported that an important discovery of natural gas has been made at Narrabeen when boring for coal. It is believed that pe troleum exists in the locality. : .At Cobar the thermometer has registered as I high as 106dog in the shade. A thunder storm broke over the town, last week, and did some good. But.more rain is badlywantod. The Tamworth people are very indignant at the [ proposed removal of the, land board and survey offices from that town and Moree to Narrabri. They urged at a public meeting held last week that the alteration was both unjust and undesir ; able. A deputation was appointed to wait on the Minister, and to protest against the contemplated change. . A.meeting will be held in Corowa, N.S.W., on December 6, by the Vinegrowers' and Fruit growers' Association," with the object of bringing pressure.to bear on the. Government for tho speedy eradication of the phylloxera pest, and'for the conservation of the fruit-growing interest generally. A special meeting of the committee of the Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association was held in Maitland last week. Letters, promising various special prizes, were dealt with. Accounts were passed, and consider able progress was made in the revising of the schedule of prizes. The society is in a promising condition. I At Ellalong, near Maitland, and about 16 miles from .Allandale station, a deposit of crystàhsed I salt, 4ft thick in places, has been found ; and it is expected that a body of rock salt will be come upon below. Deposits of a Bimilar kind exists in England and India; and it is thought likely that a similar ono will be found at Ellalong. At a public meeting in Hay it was resolved that it was desirable to test the plains of that district by boring for artesian water. A committee was appointed, and a subscription list opened. Messrs. A. P. Stewart, J, Dill, and the Bishop of Riverina, gave ¿8100 each, and Learmonth Brothers ¿8200. At a meeting of the Cobar Council a letter was read from the Postmaster- General blankly re fusing to entertain the idea of adding to the present post- office. The council decided to com municate with the members for the district, and ask them to get the objections of the Postmaster General stated, so that they might know how to act. It is à patent fact that some provision should be made in the shape of a residence for the post and telegraph master. As matters stand, the post-office is quite unprotected at night. A meeting of the shareholders iii tho Chesney. Np. 2. North was held in Cobar last week. An offer was made by a Melbourne syndicate to float this block and those adjoining on the Melbourne market. . After discussion, the offer was accepted; The Rev. T. Hayes, of the Goulburn Diocese, has been appointed assistant to the Rev. J. P. Power, Cobar and Nymagee district. Services will now be regularly held in both towns. Frederick Oberlin Bruce, a well-known selector of Adelaide, and a brother of Mr. Theodore Bruce of Broken Hill, committed suicide in Adelaide the other day. The deceased was naturally of a melancholy temperament; and it is supposed that he had suffered severely from unfortunate mining speculations, the recollection of which preyed upon his mind. .< At the land office at Corowa some excitement was occasioned last week, as there were three reserves opened for seleotion as special areas. There were only 1700 acres in all, making ll blocks of the maximum area allowed for special area selection, namely, 160 acres each. Upward of fifty applications wore lodged. The upset price was ¿82 per acre to ¿63 10s. The Casino Flower Show, held last week, was a pronounced success. In tho flower department Mrs; R. Page headed the list, followed by Mr. Wal tin and Mesdames Cheffins, James, and Law, in the order named. ' In the school exhibits, Irvington ' r Public School won ll awards; the Casino Public School 8, and Miss Currie's Ladies' Seminary, 5. Fruit exhibits were few; but; vegetables wore well represented. Messrs. Ivins, McGilvey and Asbery were the principal prizewinners. There was a good show of fine arts and ladies' fancy work. ? An informal meeting was held on November 23 in the Mechanics Institute, Broken Hill, to con sider the desirableness of separating the district from New South Wales. After carrying the formal resolution, that it was desirable that the whole of the Australian colonies should be united under a federal government, it was decided that the west portion of New South Wales, as seen on the map annexed, be formed into an autonomous divi sion. Itwas suggested that the boundary of thenow State should be from 144th meridian, along the Lachlan River down to the Murray, and then along to the, South Australian boundary.1 It was resolved to form a leaguo, to be called the West Riverina League, to'assist in obtaining séparation from New South Wales. An important meeting was held in London on November 22 for the purpose of supporting tho scheme for laying a cable by the Pacific'route to Australia. There was ah influential gathering; J and the Earl of Winchilsoa presided. Discontent was expressed with the service of the Eastern Extension Company; and the Vancoüver-AuB tralian route was declared desirable. A tariff of 4s per word would be agreed to if Great Britain and the colonies would guarantee a subsidy of ¿876,000 per annum for twenty-five years. In consideration of tho subsidy, Government mes sages would bo carried free up to the amount contributed by each party to the guarantee. The proposal to Bettlo the subsidy on the enterprise was received with acclamation and a deputation to the Premier was to be formed, In the Divorce Court a decree absolute has been made for dissolution of marriage in the suit of McCarthy v. McCarthy (wife and husband). A nominal verdict was returned in the case of Penglasev. the Broken Hill Junction North Sil ver-mining Company, for the plaintiff,,with leave to move tho Full Court to decide the questions of title involved. The curious equity suit, Griffin, v. the Tonkin Silver-mining Company, and Mills and Pile, has resulted in a decree for tho defendants. The Chief Judge held that it was not a case in which the specific performance of a sale of shares to tho. plaintiff could be decreed. If there was any thing at all in the contention of the plaintiff it amounted to a breach of contract simply, for which damages could be recovered in a court of law ; and, therefore, there was no necessity for coming to the Court of Equity. The Full Court has confirmed tho convictions of' Jury,- Topin, and "Wost, at tho Central Criminal Court sittings, for a riot at the recent coal, miners' strike. The ground of objection to the convictions was that the Crown had challenged more than eight jurors on the trial. But the Court held that where iinore than one person was put on trial for tho same offence the cases were, in law, separate; and, therefore, the Crown had its own right of challenge,, exactly as each pri soner.had.; .-......i... :.. - - >. . Á rule nisi, for a new trial has been granted in tho..,case.of-Finlayson v. Clarke, r A ..prohibition has also.-been granted in the case of Henry Mar gules, on the ground that when proceedings were taken against him-bya Tomora resident, he (the defendant) was not resident within the local jurisdiction.' ^ -, '.^i The trial of the case Cane v. Sheard and others is to take place at Silverton next year. It is a case ofrdamages for alleged false imprisonment and malicious prosecution.,: Damages are laid at ¿8500." In the. Jury Court the cases of James v. ihe Mercantile Land and Building Company, and St. George v. Bennett and another, resulted in ver dicts : for tho plaintiffs for the amounts of ,-«£386 17s. 6d and ¿8250 respectively. . ? r. Baldwin, tho American aeronaut, who¡ has . created such a sensation in London by descending from his balloon when at a great height by means, of his specially devised parachute, has sailèd for Australia on board the Oroya. ; . . It was reported that the Russian Government had concluded a treaty with the Government of Corea,' by which the protection of the latter by the former is secured. The official JOURNAL DE ST." PETERSBOURO denied the : accuracy of the report. ' .' ? In a leading article the London TIMBS of No vember 26 argued that a Colonial Governor, if the nominee of the colony, could not be impartial,' and that his legislative veto would bo valueless. It declared that the absolute independence of the Governor was the ultimate bond uniting the colonies with the mother country. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy has written to, the TIMES, upholding the views of the Queensland Government. ' John Bright is now in a critical condition ; and the various members of his family have been summoned to his bedside. Practically the Newcastle strike is at an. end. , The wheat harvest in the Albury, district, though light and affected by thë drought, will not be wholly a failure, many places promising a fair yield. Thin and early sowing is in favor in the district. . ., ? ; .;? At Hay ¿8700 have been issued for the'purposes of well boring. Some people hesitated in giving to ,.the fund for fear that the rent of the runs would be increased on account of the increased vaíue of the runs owing to the artesian flow. , The reports of the prospects of the wheat harvest generally in Victoria are rather favorable as regards quantity, and highly so as regards quality; ? Reaping has already begun in, the north-west, and Wimmera districts. A continuance of fine weather will insure an early harvest. ? Instead of providing a prospecting subsidy, the Queensland Government has decided to allow each prospector 80s a week j the men having to find their own rations and equipment. ' , At the beginning of next year the. Railway Commissioners hope to make' arrangements for increasing the speed of trains.' The first of the series of New Zealand wool sales was opened in Christchurch, on November 23, when 1125 bales were offered. Half-breds fetched S\d to 9 5-8d ; merinos, 8£d to 9 l-8d. The highest price paid, was. 9Jd for first class wool. ; Competition .was lively, and prices were ld a pound better than last year's opening sales. On November 22 the Railway Commissioners arrived in Goulburn. The necessity for anew station for increased speed of passenger trains, the injustice of the stock rate, ohargeB, with other matters,1 of local interest/were referred to. Mr. Eddy replied that the object of the commissioners was to make both ends meet, and to work the railways in the interests of the colony. He was emphatically of opinion that the goods traffic ought to bo worked better. The London wool importers have agreed to accept Jd bids at the wool sales up to lOd, and 3d bids after that stun has been reached. On the Kerribee Station, near Bourke, a good supply of artesian water lias been obtained. ,The supply is said to be 350,000gal daily. On. November 23 the heat in Adelaide was 105deg in the shade, the hottest weather experienced in November for nineteen years. At Wilcannia the thermometer recorded 108dog in the shade. . In Sydney copper remains unchanged at ¿875. For tin the market ÍB lower j 17s per unit being all that is offered. ' The revenue of tho city of Sandhurst (V.) for the year ended September 30 last was ¿824,726 8s 8d, and the expenditure, ¿823,313 6a 3d, leaving a credit balance of ¿81413 2s. On Monday laBt the wool Bales of Dalgety and Company in Melbo urne, were well attended, and the high rates maintained. A catalogue of 2270 bales "was offered, and 2210 sold at good prices. Greasy wools fetched up to* 13d per lb. At the weokly sale of farmer's wool, 478 bales were sold out pf 661 offered. Light conditioned crossbreds were moBt called for at 9d to 10àd. At Freemantle (W.A.), Mr. E. Solomon was elected Mayor, and Messrs. Samson , and Pearse aldermen. . ' . The London STANDARD ¡ announced that, the Cabinet had decided not to insist upon the ap pointment of Sir Henry Blake] as Governor, of Queensland. ? ;- nw-..: ::i-~. ? The Bourke people,are delighted at the success of the artesian boring on Kerribree Station*. >The bore has been removed to. Wangamand Station, where it is hoped equally successful results will follow its USO. ¡ ; ? At the Bourke land board the appeal of T. L¿ Richardson against the. valuation of fencing by ! the board on ¡the homestead, application of V. B. j Hall has been dismissed. < I Travelling stock have been numerous! lately i througti Gunnedah. They are all making for the I New England district. Numbers of : sheep are1 travelling up tho Namoi between. Walgett .and Narrabri. ; As might- be expected, the people ¡of Gunnedah and Queanbeyan are 'protesting; loudly against the proposed new ; arrangements of < the Minister of Justice, which .will take away the local police magistrates. . > , . . The Hobart Horticultural, Society's. Show* hold on November 22, was largely attended. Many .of the flowers had been- damaged in transit hythe heavy- rains.. But. those which were under cover were magnificent. The show of vegetables was one of the finest ever seen in the colony. . ¡Searle and Matterson are loud.'în thbir praise ©î the hospitality .shown tb them-'hy !,the banana laaders. ? ? ? ' r ' .'. Through the southerly gale springing up af te: the finish of the eight-oar race; 'the 'Melbourn crew was swamped on its return- jip the river and had to swim ashore. Tho" coxswain, -no (heine able to swim, was safely ^landed by Mr Gowdie, the stroke. ' . . . Our Corowa correspondent has reported that notwithstanding the dry and .liot^ weather, thc live stock look well. Tho vines are'very pro miaing; and the farmers hope to dp better with their crops than they did last year.' " Only- three fourths are keeping their wheat-crop for grain, and these will average ll ' bushels per acre/ hui the price will be high. ,>.v.- Jr-. Singular consequence of a rise of temperature at the big fire in Market- street. Mercury,fell 50ft in two seconds. Some wiseacres in the crowd declared that tho statue was- one -of'- 'Venus ; another that it was Jupiter, by JoVe, and' that it was made of bronze. As a matter 'of .'fact, the figure was only bronzed by beinè out in the .sun Iso long, and was made of typo metal,, which is chiefly composed of load. As such it should have "been taken for Saturn, which .the old astrologers made to stand for lead, more especially as he was the god of misfortune, and the fire took; place on his day, Saturday ; that is, Saturn's'Day., The weather has become very hot; the ther anometer in many places ranging, between lOOdeg ¡and llOdeg. Pasture is going off badly ; and the earth is gnawed positively bare in some districts. On Tuesday night a. little rain fell in. Sydney, .and an occasional light shower haB'.fallon in, a few ?places in the country. Tho stock ^travelling ?routes are not passible as a whole ; there being long stretches with neither feed nor - water. In the Albury and Grafton districts, things look a ."trifle better. But along the ' western rivers matters are very serious ; bush fires are common, and in the majority of instances the crops will ll fail to give material yields. Bill Beach has once more knocked the stuffing I out of Ned Hanlan. : :...:,.;'. , < i AU the four-oar crews have been doing good I work during the week, . 1 Both the races of ; the Balmain and . Port Jack son Sailing Clubs will have to be re-sailed. The Balmain, Sailing Club race on Saturday was not completed, owing to the southerly gale. ; The annual show; of the Ulladulla A. and H. Association will be held on February 27 and 28 .next. , >; . T,' . Our sailing men at (the Melbourne Centennial Regatta were rather' disappointed with the arrangements. : ; , r The New.Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency" Company held its weekly wool sale in Melbourne on November 22, before a crowded assembly of buyers; It catalogued 4577 bales. The competi tion waskeên; and 3875. bales were sold at very: good prices. The highest price for greasy was 13£d. The Australian Mortgage and Agency Company 'offered a catalogue of -, 3490 bales of wool on. November 23, in Melbourne. It sold 3097. bales ; fine greasy , comebacks and merinos being iii- call I for the United States; The satisfactory figure,.of 13jd was-tho top price'. , , .;. . In the race, of the .Port. Jackson Sailing, Club i last Saturday all the boats wore caught .between the entrance to Middle. Harbor and Manly., Some ran for shelter to North Harbor ; others to Manly. . . !...:, ¡ The only steamer engaged to follow the yacht race at the Melbourne Regatta was'chartered by some Sydney visitors. ! ;??<?,?:. ; The Sydney boats did not fare well at tho Vic torian Regatta, owing to the dead ballast arrange ments. ? The Mayflower defeated the Aileen'in a private match on Monday last for ¿850. The Aileen was sailed by George Fletcher. _ Podge Newton's fishing boat Admiral secured the second prize in the licensed fishing boats race at the Melbourne Regatta. M'Donnell, the stroke of the Sydney eight-oar crew, pulled a most determined race. It is a pity that he was not ! backed up by all of his crow. ? Until the vexed question as to the definition of ' an amateur is fixed one way or another, New South Wales will have a "poor show" in eight-oar con tests. ? "? ????? ????? -;r ^ Messrs. B.! P. Simpson, J. Blackman; and P. Sullivan will represent N.S.W. at tho growing conference to be hold during the visitors' stay here.; ' - '. ." 1 "'" ? 1 '. *' : ' The Now Zealand four-oar crew is expectedto take a lot,of beating, although it has brought an old gig with it." Perhaps some of our clubs will come to its rescue ? ' Notwithstanding the extreme heat of Saturday last, the river was alive with scullers. Beach, Kemp, Neilson, Stansbury (professionals), and Gerald Kennedy (the crack amateur) did spinB. The strong southerly gale which broke over the city about half-past 5 p.m. on Saturday last gaye a lot of trouble to the various sailing craft on the harbor ¡ and capsizes were numerous. The regatta of tho N.S.W. Rowing Association, to be held'this (Saturday) afternoon, should draw a large 'gathering, as the sport will be interest ing. ' ' The Victorian Regatta enticed several of our aquatic professionals to Melbourne-Geo. Ellisj Podge Newton, Dick Hellings, Geo. Fletcher; Geo. Cnnnis, were among the number. . The prizes won at the late Balmain Regatta were presented on Monday evening1 in the local town hall by the Mayor of the borough. : The 6 tons yacht Assegai only arrived at Mel bourne last Saturday morning, too late to take part in the regatta. Sir W. J. Clarke offers a prize to be competed for by her arid the New ; Zealander Akarana. ,. !'. . Beach, has once, more proved, too. good : for Hanlani In their race . last Tuesday afternpon over tho championship course, Parramatta River, the. worthy Illawarra man-,easily 'defeated the Canadian. Time,.'21min 16sec. r, ~ ?.?ir:/^ -l. . A short time ago it was announced that Sir f ' ; Henry Arthur Blake had been appointed Gover nor of -Queensland. Can it now be said that he has been disappointed ? . , , . ' . . ; v : :;' ¡ ; On November 18 the first - Church. of England. service . took place in Lochinvar in Trinity Church. The newly-appointed| |incum- ? Í bent (the Rev. W. Tollis) preached three àêtà'.;' mons to: large congregations j and the/ cKu^^' ; ! was beautifully decorated. - v.' ',. v'-Mfy.;:.,< ..Thus a London correspondent: .Among the1, many items floating through the newspapers re- . lating to'electricity and electric works I.observe a paragraph announcing that'the workmen now , engaged, among ; the numerous machines, for" the production and the distribution of the electric light. are. found remarkably . free from. neuralgic and rheumatic complaints. Perhaps it is on ac count of, the strongly-ozonised atmosphere. A German writer has announced that air-even pure oxygeri-r-promotes the multiplication of the germs .of » bacilli of anthrax, and also of putrefac tion. OzonG, however, is fatal to. the latter, al-* though it appears to haye no power over - the former. ' 1 ' ' It is an astonishing fact (wrote a; London^' correspondent) that we' can: always bear ; the^mis fortuhesof our friends better j than ; they l ean.-'.:. :? Here 11 find in one- of the, .best known : 'popular v, science journals in Prance,(COSMOS) an article .en; the. increase ' of wine production ¡and J vineyard? w > planting in «Australia;¡ ; .-The rarticle declared.! ; that the profits made in your. Austrahan vine-' yards were : sufficiently ; considerable to occasion , disquiet to the French vignerons. I hope the ' statement is true. , . ? , / :.,,!,* At a special meeting.of the Newcastle: Counoilji-. the proposed alterations at the boat harbor and . : market wharf were considered. The projected fencing, in at the end of Scott-street, was strongly objected to. ? It . was resolved to : apply to the : -v Government for. a new site for a boat harbor>,and' ¡, to ask that the plans for the proposed alterations * be submitted to the council before, any land was resumed. < . - . , - : . ' ? .'> In the Albury Council a lotter was read from < the ¡Very Rev. ¡P. Dunne, V.G., urging the unfair-. : ness ? of charging rates on the Roman Catholic '.?< school .premises,', orphanages, and teachers' resi dence, which,, it was said, should be exempt as . well as , the public schools. It was asserted that in many other municipalities in New South : Wales. Roman .Catholic schools and convents, i which were the residences of the teachers: were exempt. A discussion took place; some of .the aldermen urging that the request was reasonable .. enough, and should be complied with ; and others considering that the council had no power to exempt any buildings except those specially. named in the Act, and that those councils which ;> : did not tax these schools were acting illegally. < The Mayor regretted that the Rev. Father had taken the course he had ; it simply meant asking the councils to act illegally. He ruled the. dis-.? 'cussion out of order. .Although the drought has had a generally disastrous effect on the crops, some experiments . made at Walla Walla and Burrumbuttock have proved very satisfactory. ; A new variety of wheat known as " Little Purple Straw," obtained by selecting the best heads in last year's pad docks, is well grown, and is estimated to yield . 12 bushels'per acre. Some yields of Skinwedel's < ; early prolific from South Australia were sown.- - lat«ir, ' and secured less1 rain, but will go 10 bushels. 1 This is taken to show that with early and thin«' , sowing, and due. selection of seed, a fair crop >. may be'depended on even in very dry seasons. .'? A new trial waa refused in the ease of Riordan v. Poison, an action 'for slander tried at the last Grafton assizes. Tho Court held the letters com- , plained of to be privileged in accordance with the canon of law laid down in the great case of Har rison v. '. Bush, viz. : "A communication made bona fide upon any subject inatter in which the party communicating has an interest, or in reference to which he has a duty, is privileged, if made to a person having a corresponding interest ör duty, although it contain criminatory matter, which, without this privilege, would be slanderous and actionable." If a person believed a crime to have been committed, it was his bounden duty to com municate his belief to the persons whoBB duty it was to make inquiry, in order to induce them to do so. : ? .. ' ? T.,, 