;$/0nil . fUfas, T..IE report of the cricket ? -match,' Visitors v. Bunbury, .together with .other matter is uanavoidably .crowded ?(vut-.this week but will appear in- next ??issue. On Thursday Mr, II Caporiv arid '3x1* father went out to the Dardanup ?district prospecting and returned with ;-..-a large quantity of stone, some of 1 which contained ? .a large quantity ? ,of . \- gold. 'A practical man examined' and and crushed some of -the stone which . yeilded a very l.trgo amount of the ?precious metal And' the other stone ?showed tin very plainly to; the. naked seve. ?Victoria Street oh 'Sunday1 after noim -might almost h avis been compared -,to a leading thoroughfare ? of a ? metropolis, so many were tlie people ? who turned ont to witness the arrival .and departure of the steamer and wish good bye to the numerous visitors, who have spent all the last woesk in Bunbury, Nearly all the T?j;owns people mi.is-Vl-iavo been out of ...door**, is the streets wore crowded, Wf-, Allany Mail, are authorised to .: state that our popular Government Resident has been granted a' well ... /earned leave of absence from ,1st Aj)ril ,,pro\'., to proceed to Europe. Mr. ' Lofti.o will probably be away for eight .. or ujno months, aiu'i during his absence Mr. Fr«ul.. H arc —--lately 'Government Resident at lyimbcrlay, and who was invalided from the latter place and ? ir.msferrel as Government Resident ;U- York— will, we believe, act for him. Four Albany lads, 'who had been \\)orx&\- hunting near Little Grove, had a . icupious adventure with a shark, on their way home on Sunday last. They ti rat saw the fish about 100 yards from fcba shore, in $ feet of water,'and riding into .the wajtcjveu.t him off fr.om os.cap.e, when one of them, Edward Thurkle, , dismounted, and hammered at him with a stick, eventually securing him : as a pri/Ai. It turned out to be a blue .shark, and was 7ft (Jin in length,— ' AJhanif U/all. Tjik Rub IJny from Albany snth the , Colonial mails arrived here on Sunday (it 4 p.m, and Jefi again ;jbt G, 80. Nearly all the visitors to the Races , returned by her to the capital, includ ing the racehorse owners and their horses, Telephone, Duration, Lo\y t lander, Tormentor, First king .and \- Cbaudos being taken on board in ..boxes by the lighter. This ja-st horse, which won the Hack Race the first day, . has b'Hui purchased by Mr. Back of FreniAntle, who has taken him home. , TtTj'C Albany wfrieh left Adelaide last Wednesday may be 'expected on Wednesday -morning and she is advertised to leave Frcman'tle again for the other colonies 'oft Sunday afternoon. Signs of progress are -sfill evident in Bunbury. In spite of the 'stop page ?of J.he Railway works 'the'r.e seems to be still soMiie cause for i5ta.'tifica-*in 'attfhe busiiveas of the to vfn not falling 'backwards. Mr. J E Hands is put ting up a 'large brick house of eleven -rooms facing the sea, at the mouth of the Estuary and Dr. John Samson is about to pull down the ^wooden shanties at the corner of Wittenoon and Elliot Streets to put up ?comfortable .-.??and commodious brick, ?cottages. Titk extension of the jetty is being pushed ahead rapidly, the .first ;142 feet have been completed and the head running north is now lei ng constructed., eight bays of piles are ?now d.riven. The Contractor Mr. ,T. ?T. Grant is now in Bunbury, and Mr. Mason, of the .Public 'Works Depart ment is inspecting the work. The piles are being brought in .on the trucks from the ballast pit branch by horses. The Railway line is being made some use of at any rate, though it is surprising that no. .reply has been received from the Commissioner of Public 'Works' to the memorial for warded some weeks- -ago. The Hon. J. A. Wright is now in'Albany '-where he has been endeavoring to .adjust some dispute between the municipality of that town and the W.'A. Land 'Co., with reference to railway .crossings. DiJKTNG the past week a band accom panied by a troupe of Niggers calling ' themselves the Minstrels of the West visited Bunbury arid played every evening at the Temperance Hall in this town. The performance was very creditable and deserved support. Tite first; part -consisted -of a number of niggers coming on the .stage and giving comic songs after which they asked some very clever eonumdTums, next came songs ^and comic savings from some of the members and the entertainment closed with a farce ?sometimes -they would give the Ghost and others they would play another; The audience were well pleased and enchored several of the songs and they had a full room nearly every night. On Thursday afternoon they played a costume cricket match against Bunbury 0. C. and in the evening the proceeds oF the play were given to the sufferers in the Greenough Flats by the floods. The Band consisted of Messrs Tel ford, Band master, Cornet. Hard wick, Trombone, Callaway, Bass, Miller Second Cornet. Dalziol, E. F, Horn, Geurin, do, Riley, Drum and Muller, Triangle. Its a pity there is no band in Bunbury and also there is no Volunteer corps here as they would be a great acquisition to the town. Ox Wednesday morning last Mr. A. G. Shelton, special agent for Reid's Patent Wire strainers and stretchers, gave an exhibition of their capabilities and explained their work ing to a large number of settlers and town residents at the back of Mr. D, A. Hay's residence. The 'Stretcher' is a permanent fixture in the centre of a fence, straining the Tire from posts on either side. The weight is only lib, and the handle forms a key, without which the wire cannot be un done. The cost is small and there is a gr.eat saving in labour and in strain ing posts.( The upkeep of a wire fence too is made .easy by this useful invention. The 'Strainer' is a portable contrivance, wlv.ch strains the wire anywhere, makes a neat and secure joint and does not break the wire, but sufficient power can be used to break a number 0 wire. '1 his contrivance is a very useful one and will commend itself to our settlers. The gentlemen who witnessed Mr. Sholtou's trial expressed themselves well ]) leased with the result, and no donbt when it becomes better known it will c.ime into general u.s.o, jVfr. D. A- Hay is the local agent. 