raMecellaneous. ? Tico Kinds of Courage, General Porler Shows Which Variety it ? Entitled t'o Host Praise. . .General Horace Porter contributes. an, article to the. Century on ' The Philosophy of | Courage,' from which 'we quote as follows . | ' Indifference to danger is not alwavo the j form of cpuras'e which sbonld entitle it pos- j sessor. to tbc highest credit. It is a negatire \ virture as compared with the qualitj . uLicj enables one. to- perform a dangerous duty while realising thc'full measure of the peril omvmnfnrprl. * ' These two traits are best illustrated by j .be old story of the two soldiers whose regi.- ; nent was charging up a bill in a desperate ittempt to capture a battery. When half* vay up. ona of them turned to the other and ?aid:'4 Why, you're as1 pale as a sheet; y.du look- like a ghost ; I believe yon'ro afraid.' Y'cs. I am,' was the answer ; 1 and if yoa were half as ranch afraid as I am you'd have run long ago.' It is something higher than physical courage, it is a species of .moral :ourage, which recognises the danger aiid vet overmasters the sense of fear.-.^When the famous mine.in front of Petersburg had been completed, and the National troops drawn up rcr.fly to charge the enemy's works ns soon as the mine had. done its work m creating a breach, tiic signal was given just before, davligbr, the fuse was lighted,- aud. the command stood waiting with infea's? anxiety for the explosion -which was tofoilow But second?,, then minutes, then tens of minutes pasted, and- still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and the gloom of -disappointment overspread tke anxious faces of officers and men. Tlie fuse had been spliced about midway. It was now thought th(*re was a defect in the splice, and it was at this point that the fuse was hang ing fire; The day was breaking, .'the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there, was not a moment to% i-^ lost. Lieutenant Doughty and d:.Tgeant Uees, of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania In fantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered a long dark gallery; which led to the mine, and without siopping tb.calcu late the chances of life, calmly cxposcd'them selves to one of the most horrible forms of death Wilb.no exe'rtm^nt to lend th'em its intoxication, with nothing! to divert their minds from the fate which seemed to await them, I hoy followed the course of the fuse through the long subterranean passage found the defect at. which the spark bad been arrested, and. made a new splice. On their return the match was again nnplicd, and the the train was now prompt to' do its deadly work. These men displayed even a higher order bf courage than those who* afterwards charged into the breach.' . ! . 