A Dissipated Ghost. AN AMERIBCA STORY. I was a book-keeper in Chicago at the time of the great fire, and, like many others, was left byit homeless, penniless, and friendless, my eniployers being too crippled by the calamity to continue business. Unlike many others, though, within a week I had the good fortune to accidentally meet a civil engineer whom I had known slightly when I wag a lad, and on making myself known to him he offered me work as an assistant on the pre-. liminary survey of a projected railroad which heiwas then on his way to make. It goes without saying that I accepted gladly, the more so because I was young and rigorous, detested office slavery, and coveted open-air employment The party to which I was attached was ex ceptional, in that the entire staff were edu cated gentlemen and good fellows, good. natnred and jolly, with an unlimited capacity for making amusement, while the laborers, the " bhewers of wood and drawers of water," seemed to follow their lead, and cheerfully :took their hardships like pleasures. In fact, I believe that the hilarity and uroanity of the stiff had attracted the very choicest of the laborers to seek employment with the party. At any rate, except while at work, there was 'small distinction of rank, and manyan even ing did we make the quiet night ring with the united shouts of the party as we laughed over some comical story and bandied jokes with one another; and often and often did the'.flames of our camp-fire hap in unison with a tuneful chorus, whose notes floated off into the wilderness around us and wafted strains of the joys of civilisation to the untu tored savage in the far istanuce. The chief of our palty wan an engineer named Jones (of course, that wasn't his name, but it will serve), a short, fat, cheery little man, with an imperturbable acreptance of circumstances, however adverse, which often struck me as an attribute of a fatalist. E very one called him major, tonugh nobody could tell why. There was -nothing in his bearing to inspire the application of a military title -rather the contrary-but still we all called him major. I never saw another man so full of straightforward energy, so thoughful of 1 the welfare of his subordinates, so faithful to his duty, and, withal, so merry and appar ently light-hearted. He seemed to like the wild life of a preliminary survey, and once told us, as we lay about our fire at night talking of home and our ultimate return there, that he would like to die without ever seeing the settlements again. .This remark set as all to talking in a re miniscent strain, and from mothers, sisters, and sweethearts we passed o.s to the rosy joys of the opera, the ballet, and the circus ; ot. Nilsionas Lucia, Lucca as Zerlina, Aimd~ in "La Jolie Parfumeuse," Dan Bryant and Charlie Backus, Sothern, Jefferson, and Booth. One fellow exulted over suppers with dashing blondes of the variety stage; another lamented the passage of his successes as a leader of society; another gloated over all-iight sprees, and discoursea of se~intes as a morning healer. Many were the recol }ections.of the Argyle Rooms in New York, of nocturnal adventures in the streets behind Covent Gardens in London, of wild nights is Paris, Vienna, Venice, or San Francisco -and the dancing-girl of Hionolulu, Yokohama, and Delhi were descanted upon till a general indication of envious discrntent warned aus to :'chinge our topic. Then we talked " gour \- mm dise," and compared whisky and bacon "with omelet souffid, frogs b la ponlette, and champagne frapp6. We were all wiseon the merits of the various beers, and some of us could talk of Chambertin, Clos Vougeeot, I Chateau Yquem, and Johannisberger, whica we ignorantly flattered ourselves we knew something about. Finally, Jack Saxton got np and lazily stretched himself, remarking : ' Well, gentlemen, you may all talk about delieions drinks, but I tell you that in the old days the finest drink l ever tasted was a big pull out of my soft-water pitcher about fire o'clock in the morning." Most of us knew something about that, too, and the boys said nothing, but drifted quietly off to their blankets, leaving Jones and me to finish our pipes by the dying tire. ae smoked'in ailence fora few minutes, and then the chief turned and looked intently at me, with a far-away look in his eyes that I had never seen there belore. Presently he Said: ". My boys, you were all of yon wise to take .the good things of life when they were within. your reach, for the time will come, aliyV or later, when the ashes of remem btance will be all you can hop= for out of the glory of existence. I enjoyed tnose things once-enjoyed them so tnat I don't like to talk oreventhinkabout them. Tnanki your stars, old fellow, that you ate still here to embrace thefragrant delight of them." He leaned'bac?koa his el•owa and looked off into the sky, diligently shooting great mouth fals of smoke asa clud whic- swung along the horizon. At length he said, half to him sel,and almost.defiantly.: "I think I will tell yoel' my story. I uon'i "kiow' why I shouldn't. Iknow you wil'respect my con. fidce,:.and at will serve to bring me to mnid 'sometimes 'hen you are a staid old citizen and I am a rotting skel:toe:i' I said \- noiing,.but refilled my pipe, threw a ihunk' of wood on the file, and stretched myself out. again whege I could see his please'It laie by: Sthe'fliceieiog fireligh?t. After a few more amoke-puffs,' he comu iened?~ 'Soon.~ after toe war nego n I left cfllgge with my civil engineer's degree in my; pocket a;nd ' imnmediately enliited in-call it the One Hundred and Fourth 'Rhode Jlanid: I wenat out as' firt lieuteriant, was suoo maid? captain, and was "with' my' com pany.'t ieo?kattle of Antietam. During'the' day was Elit in.thei'fa bya fitgment of a' shell, whic'k knocked me down arid siunined . me for a fewmoments, but I sooacametio myielf; found tlhatI was tiot' seriously hurt,; and hurried on alter the compasuy which had gone ahead. When Icaught up with them,: the men told me that the same shell which' -h?L uipst me had 'killed 'a prisate named John P.. Wed,'. completely l~iambwelliog him?. .I hald pa? d the poor fellow's frag. meintsnut didn't look to see'who' it was. You knoI'that in the'~voliiteer service the sepsiraton between oficir and private was nor v?ry markead, and 1 had comed to know Wed. pretty well, but'in'the heat of lattle theri? ?sn'i time to 'bc'sfry for hli death. Ito that oiit 'long afterwar. IHe was a qh.r·: iiT "tualiastic l or oi'ot iellow, with no ellteiefbl in anything, a?o ointtrly with'* oht rpect for the 'moial laws of the nine. ,tecnth centur$ We oliesi'talked togother, .ahd'ha hadt~oi me that be'hiad o kin iA the .-voild, sd he used' towonder, if he'shoauld be "Il tlhdbat twould-become 'of aboltfifteen Shundreddodlarq 'wwich lab to his credit in .b6thO("rder and Chhmlsv" lbank of'New Yoke" IH'hAd besin a boa'itraf In all says, and I'tBsned to grieve hi?n that he had not bd , time to bcrelhably spe?t It in Inlurious •,.difiatio n before hbenlisted," , 'Wel'I'servld though the war aid'came o majur, and, by the way, the title is the "bhlyre?n oant m of old ltie that clings to me:'ro now.? and: I canpti g't'srid of that. \- alr 't.ihear I didn't think of going at my pro?eshz for ?'r wa too rusty In it, and oblit?iehd a clerkship in the Orocers' and Obemists' Bank, throsiugi the influence of f:leudas, With the: vagalond lnstlncts of a s older stllU in me,'l devoted my'nlgits pretty 0g '.rally to the allii pleasures wit wi hlca ,i ?~:ty abounded; nunt 1 "tuct'y'my'wura rv'a' .th6l; ean, d ws cr'entnalry maid 1,p ? teller Uf'c'uist couldn'tralse the "weanlgliwtholt a?jniling acll of so?. ; myv "salarywii always overdraiwn, a. d I 'l s ? in tdebt bhs ide.' Ono dj"l got to "'ll'dkl?fi' ofWeed; and I went "to"thi uo " s t' l faXb~izd; slfre" eollghi; teh flftsnh~iiiihte and odd dollars still to his credlt'- A:er that, I'sed to brood ner it a good deal, and think what a pity it was that somuch money should lie there in the bank forever, never to do any one any good, and what a godsend it would be for me if I had it. SOne hight I got into a game 'of pokeir, and lost to one of my fellow.clerks a good deal more money than I could pay. I gave him my I 0 U for the amount, and he promised me my revenge whenever I chose. The next day, just as the bank was about to close, a man walkedi up to the counter and put out his hand saying: ' Hello, Captain. Just identify me, will you, as I can draw my money.' Great God l It was John P. Wend himself I. I stared at him in amazement, and said feebly: ' But look'here, you know you're dead.' 'I may be dead, but I'm alive enough to want you to dine' with me to night, and he drew a check for fifteen hun dred dollars, and 1, dazed with the shock paid it, knowing his signature well enough 'Now, put on your hat and come out and take a drink with me,' he said, and. my duties beingoverfor the day, I went. We had a drink or two. and then went out on the Bloomingdale road for a drive, after wh;ch we dined at Dalmonico's. I triol hard to get him to explain his astonishing reappear ance, but he put me off with: 'Never mind that now; tell you to.morrow.' After din ner, both of us rather excited by drinking, Weed said: ' Now, I want to do the town tonight, and you've got to come with me"' I protested weakly, saying that I had no money. ' What of'thatl I have plenty,: and it's my treat. But here, if you're squeamish, take this and we'll go and copper the ace, and see if we can't win enough 'for you. I'll stand the losses,' and he handed me fifty dollars. That suited me to death; so we went to Mike Murray's, and in half an hour I had won several hundred dollars, with which we pulled out. As w' turned into Broadway, I saw my 'poker creditor 'on the other side of the street, and I excused' myself for a minute, and rae over to him.: ' I say, Stone, I want to take up my I O'U." 'All right; but I thought you were broke"' I was just tipsy enough to bh canning, so I replied, ' Never you mind that; I can always find a way to pay my debts of honor.' I gave him the money, and rejoined Weed" " That was the wildest I ever put it. We' had a bhx at a theatre for a little while, and then got a carriage and 'took in the town,' spending our money like crazy men. I left him at six o'clock in the morning, -at the Hoffman house, where he said he was stop ping. p I was late at the bank that morning,. and when I got there was told that'the cashier wanted me. I, of course, expected'a reprimand for being late, and had coicocted a yarn about a sick friend but' whben"I went in' I saw that he had Weed's ch?ck in his hand. "' Mr. Jones, did you pay this check?' " ' Yes, sir.' "' Wa the party identified to you by any~ one ' "'No, sir; I knew him?' He was ini:my company during the war.' "'Was it to'lIr. Weed himself, then, that you paid the money!' T, Yes, si.. "'ii-m-m. This is very strange. Have you ever seen himsince you left the army I' "'N St until yesterday.' "'Did you not know that he wras supposed to have been killed in the'ariny ' "' Yes, sir- that is I thought he was killed at Antietam.' "' Were you not thereat the time ' "'Yes, sir; I was struck by the same shot.' "' That will'do, Mr. Jones. This requires looking into. You will consider yourself suspended for the present, and I would not advise you to attempt to leave the city.' "I was horribly indignant at his implied suspicion, and went out in speechless rage, hurrying to the Hoffman House" to find 1Weed and take him to the'bank and trium phantly clear myself of any accusation of dishonesty. My boy, they told me there was no sebh man there. Almost'paralyzed by the scrape I foundmyslf in, I spentthe next three days in scouring the city for him, but he'had disappeared and left no trace. Thehacklmau and other people who had seen us on that cursed night could not remember 'hiin dis tinctly enough to think they 'wdild know him again. "On the fourth day I 'was summonedk'td the bank, and found the directors all as sembled in the bank parlor. I was given a seat and the president aldressed me: "' Mr. Jones, a very grave charge has bden made againstyou, and, after duoe investiga-. tiori, we find the evidence strongly in. sup. port of it. On Monday last you claim to have paid this check` to' its signer, John P. Weed. We learn from the War Department, and frdm some of his many comrades,' that Weed was killed at the battle of Antietam: Hehas never been seen alive since, and his back pay has never been claimdd from tihe Government. You were his commanding officer, were familiar with his signature, and knew that be left no heirs. We have had your habits of life investigated, and we find that you have been addicted to gambling and other evil associatlons, that you are in debt, and have been living beyond your means. We find that on Monday evening you had 'paid Mr. Stone quite a sum of money which you: owed him, although on that'day yon'had told him you were unable to pay the debt. You were not seen to pay this check, although all' the other checks were in the' bank as usual'until after yon left on Monday. Mr. Jones, there is only one conclusion that we can draw; unless you 'can bring Mr. Weed himself before us; we shall believe that, yielding to what we hope was a md. mentary temptation, you forged this check' to provide the means for the iniulgenced of vicious propensities. Have you'anythihg to y "What could I say I could not produce Weed'; andthe temptation to get some one to personate him was quickly put aside, for discovery would have been certain. I told them. The president raid that out of cgn. sideratilon for my' friends they' would not prosecute me, gave me some friendly advice about my future life, and I went out of the bank a disgraced man. My bondsmen paid the money, and I came West and went engineering. I heard afterward 'that Stone was also discharged for playing poker." Poer old Chief I He was killed soon after ward by a border ruffian in North Platte. Wasit the ghost of Weed, I wonder, or---I I don't like to speculate upon it, I' liked Jones, and never knew'him to tell an un truth. . . 