MY UNCLE'S GHOST. ——— ?.a<* BY lillAXCIS FOOTE. Ono rainy I ait week I lo'uniieJ into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the hotel for a talk ami smoke. One o£ ray uncle's hobbies was to ba surrounded at all tiroes by young men ; and, indeed, he seemed little more tlian a boy hiinsuif in fouling, although lie bad passed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to " the major," us we called him—l believe that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a helping hand when wo were in a college scrape; no odo wbo woiild loun money so readily when an allowance fell short; tliere waa no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling ta'cs; and then his wine3 and cigars were unimpeachable. Oα this particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes fivei reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke from bis pipe. " llow are you, Tom?" he said, lazily; "you've saved mo from myself by coming in. ? It has been Buch a nasty sort of a day, and an I evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost." " Your ghost ?" I echoed. " Why, yea ; you know I have the pleasure of owning ono. Dj you mean that I have never told you the story ?" I say " No," emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with " the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which ho enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. " Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. "I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and you will find the beet cigars on tho top elielf." At last wo were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy ho began. ' It was about fifteen years ngo, and I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go right through as they do now, and slopped oftener. It might have been live o'clock in the evening, and wo had ono more night to ride, when the train beuan to slow up, liually stopping at a small ntation, and a young woman came into the car. " The seals were pretty well occupied, and when sho reached me she asked if slic might have the other half of mine. Of course I said ' Yea.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of n bag with her. " Vou know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when 1 see lier, mid n lady. Slie was both,' although lier drees was plainand black, and hergloves bal been neatly mended in several places. I bad a number of books and papers, tlie most en tertaininer of which I offered her, and wlien she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest I have heard—low soft nnd musical. " liy Jove I" said the major, excitedly, ae he reached for the brandy, " I know that woman would sing with her whole soul; she couldn't have helped it with that voice. "Well," he continued, "Bhc took up a book, but sho didn't read much ; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every littlo while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor came through, she called him nnd asked about a berth, " ' I am sorry," he said ; ' you should have telegraphed. We are very full, anil there is nothing but an upper ono left. You would like a wholo section ?' " ' I would, , she replied ; ' although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me?' '"I'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how,' and that burly conductor did seem sorry, out I of sympathy, as ho eaw the troubled expres sion in the girl's face. " Then I spoke,— "' I bavo a whole section to myself,' I said, 'and I always prefer the upptr berth ; bo if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to you.' This was a lie, for 1 had never slnpt in one ] before, but sho was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kiud. " I shall never forjjet tho glance sho pave me. 1 lial not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast i shadows on her pala checks. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like a atrip of scarlet on the snow. Another thingl noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp iustrument, just below her left temple. "1 tried to talk with her, for she interested mo deeply, but although tsho answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which Iconld discover who she was, where she was going, or why sho was travelling alone. ? ? "Just before it was timo to make up tho berth she grew very nervous, twisting an 1 untwisting lier hands, and tapping her foot. Slit glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book, "' I've got to do it,' 1 heard her say in the faintest possiblo voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe *hc knew that she spoke I nlnuil, so occupied was ebo with her own j,thoughts. t "In n few moments she epofco again, etill j talking to lieraslf,— . ." They must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I wouH never—' "I lost tlie next, two words, but they Bounded like 'disgrace him. . She eeemed I aware then tuatahu had spoken aloud,' and I looked'quickly at me. I turned a page uf j. my book and settled hack farther into my i corner.' S Then she opened her littlo bag and took from it a. picture. As near ns I could make out it wns the likeness of nn aristocratic young nian with bluo eyes and emiling lips. " She looked ut it for about fiftenn minutes I longingly, passionately, then sho kissed iit fervently under cover of her handker chief. "After that, she covered it with both hands, gave one littlo sob, and tben began to tear that picture into inch bits. '"Ah, ah, a lover"s quarrel I* I-thought; ami yat it didn't seen like that. It was too serious ; like a parting forever. "In n little while she turned to me. She was i>nlur than ever, and the old acar was brighter. '"Will you please open the window? , she asked. 'I have something to throw away.' "I did as she wished, and she scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. Sue drew a breath of relief. "'Xow that ?is over the rest will bs comparatively easy,'she said this time to me. " ' What will be ensy,' I ventured. "' Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,' she replied. 'I suppose I mean life will bo easier while wo live, and death when wa die. , "' Life should always be easy for one as young as yourself,' I said, gallantly. " Slie turned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while eho said, slowly,— " ' Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet, , with an emphasis on the 'Ims been , 'too sweet to last; but now well, nil will be right in the future, I have no fear." And she turned away. " After that I could only make her speak in monosyllables. "At last that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the littlo rest which miglit be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyc3 and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. " There wns a little, scraggly, pale Novem ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked at it, and made mo imagine all sorte of creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from the berth below. I even seemed to notice a fnint, unpleasant odor. All my senses were abnormally active, and as I wns an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. " When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand tight to eoe which of us should eavo tho pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under tlie car. "1 had important business a few stations this side of Cuicn?o, but I lia.l made up my raiiul that I would have a little talk Willi tlio lady before I left the car. In the morning when I arose I wont to tlie front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car ng.iiii almost all my fellow-passon gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just aa it had been all night, tho girl had not yet nppeared ; could she bu ill I I was very near my stopping-place—l could not go without saying yood-by. The porter passed through. I called to him and told him that there was a laly in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might bo. sick. "lie went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips still that wonderful dash o£ red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her henit—ah 1 there was no action there. She was dead I " By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. " I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to. who sin: was, and why she did it. I just took one lon<r, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 wunt out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station." The major amoked violently for a few momenta. '?lint where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. " This ghost I" he said, with a suggestion of passion in hia voice, which I had never heard thero before ; " she ia tlie gliost. Hur pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, lmvo haunted me more or less ever since. I caa hear her sweet, musical voico aa plainly to day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was lif teeu years ago, There ia a place in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which wore in themselves n pathetic storv. " I am never on duty at night that the doea not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and Hint pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, nnd I know it was—you will say iin illusion, a fancy—l call it her ghost. "How many times have I wished that in some way I lia-J gained possession of that mnn'a picture. 1 would have pasted them together if it had tnken half a lifetime and then/I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the wrong ho had d.me. Yes, wrong, for I know that in some way he bad driven her to her death. Ter hapj that is why I havo never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met n women who could be to mo what her memory is ; nnd I saw her but once ; she was not oven a name to me ; of herself, her character, I know nothing, nnd IJam called a man of the world. "And yet, boy," he exclaimed, turning to me, his faci) gray with passion," I am happier on a -Jark, etormy night like this, in the prospect of coming homo to be with her— spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should ho if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to Iling soft arms about my neck, to | kiss me with tendcrest lips. Forgive me, Tom ; I seldom speak of my owa feelings nnd emotions, but perhaps now you can falutiy understand how much reality there can bo even in a "host." The major had gained complete control of himself once lnorp, and was nodding good { liuniorcdly over Ins' pipe as if romance, women an.l ho had always been, as they always would he, strangers. 