That Skating Carnival. ONE Wiio"WAS?pHEi5t3 On Thursday last, I had my 6rst eri of skating sod a staling festival; it wi'll probably be my last. I don't wish to bo miaunder- -atood ; soj may say plainly that I-do'pot disapprove of the pastime in question on high mote) I grounds, lilffl ; the! Rev. Ulless^.': "jBffiSrfc^;,'Tdrnl)ull,'8td bthfeFiitgh priestsof public morality. Oo the contrary, I cherish the "Idea that purity anO lonbtaice "oT hSart "nay well remain purity and innocence, as much in the atmosphere of a abating rink &B;—g&y; a : a tea meeting. I happen to bold. the possibly 'unorthodox view—a view founded 'in my case *nponV personal experience and observance of humaS life—that the more youagpeople are thrown together in harmless public enjoyment ' (of Qcmrse within judicious limite), thebetterfor themund for the World. - Much of this criti- • cism of the "uneo guid" is simply the old story of " Soni toit qui mal y pente.' I shall, as I said, probably not -make a second appearance at a skating rink ; but my objections rest upon a physical basis, as will easily s seen anon. I am naturally of a retiring disposition, and not given to disport my figure (whit there is of it) in ball-rooms and skating rinks. But I am, naturally also, of an intensely benevo. : lent turn of mind; my heart is always — my pocket occasionally—open to the claims of humsnity and charity, and when an energetic member of the Committee of the Benevolent Society appealed to me for sympathy and aid, I cheerfully rendered both to the amount of two shillings. I did so the more readily, as on my raising an objection that my figure wae sot adapted to tbe wearing of a fancy dress, I was assured that by a very slight change in my every day (literally every day) habiliments, I might go disguised as a gentleman. The thing, I was told,. was quite a common occurrence in polite society. I did disguise myBelf as directed, and being warned by a friend to be early so as to secure a seat in the tram, I arrived at the castellated gateB of the People's Domain shortly after 7 p.m. The tram stood ready and I entered it at once, choosing a comfortable seat. I sat patiently, but was rather astonished to find myself for fully twenty minutes the sole occupant of thut tram ; . still more astonished, and, sooth to say, somewhat annoyed, by the practice indulged in by a number of persons of both sexes coming to stare at me through the \- window of the compartment in which I was leclining, and in some inetances making er- I tremely vulgar remarks... One person of black visage and no manners to speak of shouted out " Oh, golly, ain't he a flat!" Now, although I I had, as stated, assumed fanay dress on the oocasion, I found, on survejing myself care- < fully, that there was really nothing wire in my appearance, and I .comforted myself with the thought that tbe remark was aimed at some \- other person. I therefore waited on in digni- .' fled silence. No one oame in. The premonitory whistle sounded—still I was alone. It ' certainly seemed unaoountable. -Suddenly I' was roused from my reverie by being roughly \- shaken by the shoulder, and still' .more, roughly asked: " Hey! Mister, do you mean to \- stop here all night P Be smart if you're going." : I - am not only benevolent, but I am also nervous. - I started violently and gasped " Going where P* " Why, to the rink, stupid," was the reply. In addition to my other excel-' lent qualities, I am when once roused wonderfully quick-witted, and of a remarkable presence of mind. I saw at once how matters stood. Those idiots hadpermitted me to enter the wrong tram. ' To think was to act. 4 I flew, rather than walked, and was just in time to enter the proper conveyance. I-naturally entered precipitately, and took my seat on' the floor—Bpread-eagle fashion. I laughed: I make a practice of doing so on similar occasions. Everyone else laughed with me. The tram had meanwhile started, and was slowly moving on with a peculiar jerky motion never noticed by me before; but caused, I was informed by a benevolent clerical-looking gentleman in' green goggles,. by, my rather viojent entrance and mode of silting down: I found great difficulty in regaining my equilibrium; A most gentlemanly, jockey in green and white offered to assist me by lending me an arm, but unfortunately he slipped and I slipped. I laughed again, and so did my fellow passengers with nie. We were a merry -company. ' fey this time we had arrived otthe corner of Church-street, and I rose without difficulty, and endeavoured to racure a comfortable seat. I succeeded at lost, although my struggles, I am sorry to say, evoked language of a character more forcible than elegant, from the clericallooking gentleman and others. This, however, mattered little to me. ' 1 secured an excellent seat between two lovely little Bed Biding Hoods. There was plenty of room ; I am. not a corpulent man. It Sb true that an elderly Bed Biding Hoed (oreomething -else) on the opposite seat scowled at me.' : She failed to shake my equanimity. I was perfectly .comfortable and contented.' Many' persons of both sexes were standing', and I felt a certain amount of compassion for them'; probably, however, they preferred standing- tainutes we arrivbd at our destination—tbe "gates of tbeBosehill Bacecoune. With native potiteness I offered to'assist the ybungfest (and prettiest) Biding Hood from the carnage, nut was. roughly commanded by a rude person of the seafaring .persuasion to " Get out." I got out. (Why will sailors be so brueque f) Not knowing the exaot route to take, my presence of mind again stood me in good stead. I simply folio wen the gTSat body of people. Ere long we arrived at tbe Bink, a truly magnificent building; and as I stood for a moment on the threshold I acknowledged to myself that the coup tT-eeil was extremely striking. . Imagine the vast hall—1,000 feet long (more or less), of suitable proportions, decorated with exquisite (tuts and regardless of-.expense. Luxurious touches were placed all around, and in every nook and earner 'gay and multi-coloured lamps-and chandeliers shed a {night, yet softening light, upon the ecebe; straina of heavenly music greeted the ear; and the thousands assembled, all draped in-appropriate and elegant costumes of every imaginable hue, were floating and gliding-about in every direction in a manner <noie graceful, more charming,.than it had ever been my lot to behold. All this. was - new. to me; no wonder, I for tbe nonce imagioed myself iuFairyland. . There glided along Mab, the Fairy Queen herself, hanog for once visited the earth.. .There were Shepherdesses, Peasants (possible and unpossiblejbewitching LittleBed Riding Hoods, a' smiling; bright and pleasant .-Summer, Stately Queens,' saucy little yivondicres. Dolly Vqidens,Sailor,.and Highland-Lasses, .Flower Girls, Jstaid Nurses, Kiddy Folly, Little Eva andTopsy, the former charming and attractive, the Utter a genuine Topsy,—There among tbe «ay throng were gentlemen of the time: of Henry VHE,.Russian Noblemen on a skating pedition, Robin Hoods, Naval , Officers, dors,. Ctickptera, Jockeys, Niggers of all uses and degrees of ugliness There was Pygmalion, life-like,' yet artistic, and the observed of all observers (Alas! without Galatea) ; there was a Ghost of the! approved white sheet juttern, and thete (could.I believe njy eyei?) was His SataBic Majesty himself. The scene was, brilliant, yet .bewildering. 1 'felt oaee. more like .a child eager to enjoy ;only the present moment, to forget for the ponce the dolling cares of every-day-life, to mix with the giddy crowd, to become giddy-again myself. Btyl I felt somewhat strange also. I modestly sat down in a retired corner, and longed.to find sotpeone -amongst that crowd whom I knew. Drifting into dreamland I mused. But my musings were suddenly interrupted by feeling a strong grip upon my .shoulder, and hearing a hosrse^ whisper in tny -ear " Your money or your life—" etrange and ominous, words in Fairyland. I think I have mentioned that I am .somewhat nervous; I may'go further tti ' w that, "through no fault of. 'my own, T" may be dtsoribed as timid. Was it a wonder that.jnj. equanimity was •disturbed when, glancing up, I. beheld .towering above xne, with scowling and ferocious rijsge, itn ideal bushranger or bankrobber, with'mask, revolvers, red tie, and all other o«ual fcioutrements complete? I f«ltno fear, «ut my heart for the moment stool still, and us 1— my disturbed and harassed feelings must have ferocious individual whispered softly: " Don't be&fraid;, it's oaly^am4ke.bBlieve." I glanced kup^and to my inte^se'relitf,- Jonnd-that X Ws not in the preaence-tif a dreadful batik rotter, but of a gentlemanly; and inoffensive ttnk managed of my acquaintance. He sal doWD by my gideffora sh^rt time, and kindly. pointed but many of persons in the Hall. I was astonished to find that the ghost already named was well known in -mundane life as Jamee"Bh6alher, and that ,hi«"6atanic Majesty/rejolced in the not uncommon, bat t honoured oognoinen of " Murray." Alary Queen of Scots was no more Mary Stuart than I was, and the charming Fairy Queen with her gold tipped wand resided with her respected maternal progenitor on the Western Boad. Pygmalion turned out to be the energetic and withal, good-natured manager of a popular establishment in George-street, and, strange to say, he claimed Little Eta ss his -offspring. Topsy lived in Smith-street, and Grace Starling,' I learned, was located in Parramatta North. My friend and mentor, the bank robber, was unable 'to stay long with me, but } before leaving, he urgently advised me to join the gay throng and show myprowess in the divine art of skating. I.hesitated; but the friendly.robber kindly offered to introduce me to some ladies of his acquaintance, who, he was certain, would willingly undertake the task of ''taking me round ; and when I discovered in these ladies my tram companions, I rose with alacrity and followed him. ' I was glad then that I bad donned fancy dress. My hesitation, however, returned when I became aware of the dose vicinity of the obnoxious sailor-man referred to in an earlier portion of my narrative. I was about to retire when he came towards me with gracious smile and outstretched hand, apologised for having been somewhat rough, and requested me to bear no malice. I never do. So I grasped his hand, or rather he grasped mine, severely. Formal introductions followed, and I made myself agreeable. I am not a brilliant, but I am a solid conversationalist, and I soon become oonvinced by the merry glances and the scarcely smothered rippling laughter of my new acquaintances, that my remarks about the weather, the coal-strike, the municipal by-laws, and the moving question of soapsuds were duly appreciated. Just then tbe sailor man returned with a pair of skates and offered to affix them to my pedal extremities. They seemed too small, bnt he assured me that novices iu the art of rollerskating always commenced with small appendages. They were duly fixed, and .the youngest (and prettiest) damsel offered me her' tiny band to asBiBt me in rising. I did rise, gratefully, aud gracefully—but I sat down again hurriedly and awkwardly. I can hardly describe my exact sensations at that moment. The lower poTtions.of my anatomy suddenly and unaccountably asserted their entire independence ; they seemed to do what, and go where, they listed. I can only liken their proceedings to tbe strange vagaries indulged in by the s&me; members of tbe human body when a certain friend of minehas persistently been " out to see a man." Mv head coining in contact with the wall of thebuilding, a feeling somewhat skin to sea-eickness took possession of me, and I felt disposed to go home. Still I thought that would look like want of proper, spirit; sol merely laughed at my slight contretemps, and the merry light-.hearted peoplearound me laughed with -me. - A. second effort resulted muoh better. Assisted by the sailor man, I did rise, and. he enlisted also the kind services of a mild young Turk (resident in Harris Park, I believe) in my be- half. Little Bed Biding Hood smiled sweetly, and I, as in duty, bound, bowed my grateful acknowledgements. I don't quite know what happened next, but 1 do know that I shall never bow again when adorned with skates. Well, we started on our jonrney round Fairyland!. By. a happy inspiration, I was enabled .to call to mind the exact manner in which Dir. Piokwiok acquitted himself under somewhat similar oircumstanoes on.a previous occasion, and I determined to follow in tbe footsteps, of that greit and good man; All went merrily, save an occasional difficulty in inducing one of my lege to follow the other. Another serious drawbaok was that some people, evidently .unaccustomed to the pastime, wotud insbt upon getting in our road. They suffered for their temerity; I:remained master of the situation, and returned' safely to the presence of my friends. I hsve found that it was easy enough to acquire the art of skating. Afttr a few moments' conversation, I was advised and encouraged to aot independently and without a guide.. I assented (and with very little .aBsUtanae) rose. Instructions were given to me to bend-. .slightly forward, so as to ensure sufficient impetus in starling, and my sailor friend gave the word "Go." I went. At all events, my lege went —from under me—and I -" came a cropper," as an irreverent youth , near me remarked. I don't know what he meant, but I wish he bad come a cropper." I know also that ay frame w^p extensively injuredthat . I am obliged - to write' ttaniing at my.desk -to-day ;-«nd those who have followed -me so far know -why I object to skating. Ab I .reclined- -without desire to rise or to. give further aorobatio:ex-. hfyitions, some people .were stupid. enough again to come in my way and 'to fall.-. Two negroes of an advanced type pearly flattened tne cut. The picker-up in general, jbowever, came to my aid; and having been released from .those inventions ofjurne human fiend, roller skates, I. was gently deposited in a retired corner. A judicious administration of stimulant (gingerbeer) somewhat, revived me. The youngest (and prettiest) bad sailed away with the sailor man, and I wished I were,at borne, or dead. However, shortly after I discovered that there was still balm in.Gilead. I became aware that a benevolent countenanoe «urmonnted by. ctacles peered at me, snd then I was warmly ken by the band. " Don't yon remember f" I was about to reply, when the voice sa<4, " Hush, I am here inoog. reporting for th'e Observer. Take a drink from this flask. I did, and then told him .the story of m/ misfortunes, and he condoled with and comforted me.. He vety kindly remained with me for a while and amused me by reading out his notes, which I, as far po!B : ble, reproiu.se at foot. * Subsequent proceedings naturally interested me little. I remember seeing a stand march more or less gracefully executed (generally less, so fax as tte cunp followers -were concerned) ,4aid march being led by a Russian wAleman, who escorted Miss Grace Darling. I am told the epectaole was both interesting .add' imposing. I dou-t know. Dancing ..followed., subsequently and was muoh enjoyed by those who-took. part in the proceedings.—I 'did not—I-went home, or .rather was taken home.bycny friend with the benovelent countenance and tbe speotacles. -i-I feel sore to-day. '- 