GQDBTRY HEWS. PERTH. A welcome meeting was held in the Perth Baptist Church last evening, to formally welcome Pastor J. E. Walton to the charge of the church. Mr Walton has occupied the pulpit for the past four months, and has recently been received in the Baptist Union, but it was thought best to receive him on trial first before formally placing him in charge. During the period that Mr Walton has been at Perth he lias given great satisfaction, and the hearty way in which he was received last night was proof that he had already endeared himself to the people. A sumptuous tea was provided by the ladies of the congregation, and partaken of by a large number in two relays. Tlie school room was beautifully decorated with flowers and mottoes, and the church, where the public meeting was held, besides floral decorations, had the words ' God bless our Pastor' displayed over the pulpit. The church was filled to overflowing for the public meeting, which was presided over by Mr W. Gibson, jun. There were also on the platform Mr W. Gibson, sen., Pastors M'Cullough, Wood, Archer, Hyde, Blackie, and Walton, and Revs. R. W. Thompson and Harris. An excellent choir supplied musical selections, Mrs Wigan presiding at the organ. After prayer and reading of a portion of the Scriptures, the chairman made a few remarks about the object of the meeting. He referred to the glorious meetings that bad been held m the past, when God had blessed them, and believed they were to receive blessing in the future. Christ had been with them continually, aud they had felt the influence of the Holy Ghost work ing in tbem. Since Mr Walton's arrival they bad had good meetings, and the Word had been faithfully preached, and he thought they could lo ik forward with pleasure to the Pastor's work. As chair men. of the meeting and as a deacon of the I church, he, on their behalf, welcomed Mr Walton to the pastorate. He trusted that God would shine upon them, be with eveiy speaker, and every one present, and that they would have His blessing. Mr W. Gibson, sen., said he had written home to a minister asking him to come out and take the church, but he could not come, and had sent out his friend, Mr Walton. He (Mr Gibson) felt that Mr Walton was a man whom they could all love. He was a God - sent man, who came to preach the Gospel, and who would tell out the Gospel so that a child could understand. He was thankful both for Mr and Mrs Walton, and he gave the right hand of fellowship to the Pastor on behalf of the Church and congregation, and hoped God would bless and help them. The Rer. Mr Harris (Primitive Methodist) expressed the pleasure he felt at being present and uniting with them in welcom ing the Pastor, and complimented themupon the heartiness of their reception. Ministers and their wives were like other men and women, and were apt to be discouraged if merited commendation were withheld. He was glad that_ they had discovered a m'Ore excellent way, and he predicted excellent results. ' He spoke eulogisingly of the ministry and of Christianity, pointing out what it had done -for the world, and; concluded by trusting that Mr Walton's ] connection, so auspiciously begun, would long continue and be most successful. j Pastor M'Cullough spoke of the changes j they had had at Jtertb, and .pointed out; that God had shown that He could work ; with all the changes. He was glad to meet Mr and Mrs Gibson that night, and so I pleased that father and son were on that platform together, engaged in such good work. He beleved God had sent Mr Walton to them, and the people had already seen enough of him to appreciate him. He was working 011 the old lines, and trying to feed the people with the Word of God. But he was a man like themselves, and needed the prayers of God's people to support him in his work, and tlie speaker trusted they would do fheir best to help him. He urged, all Christians to work ror Christ, and appealed to those who were not Christians to receive Christ as their Saviour at oiiee. The Rev. R. W. Thompson (Wesleyan) said in coming to the meeting he had thought of the word welcome, which could be understood as well-to-come, and he thought they were all agreed that it was well that Mr Walton had come. The word weld was also suggested, and he trusted the Pastor and people would be welded together in good works. He believed he was the right man, and hoped the sympathy and co-operation of the people would lead to great blessing aud saving of souls, O11 behalf of the Wesleyan congregation at Longford he welcomed the Pastor, and wished him God speed. Pastor Hyde expressed his pleasure at being present to welcome his old friend. He was in Mr Spurgeon's college with their new Pastor, who was much beloved there, and his sermons were well received. After leaving the college Mr Walton had a j prosperous course at Birmingham, and ( lie speaker believed he would be succescTi?' here. He was , a good preacher and a good Pastor, fcut had come to be their .friend who oo«!d be trusted, and. whose advice could he taken. He had comr to tell of Chri-t who would dwell in 1 !)- !r hearts and (ill them with love : and lie had come to tell the unconverted of Christ, who would he to them an ever-loving and ever living friend. He welcomed Pastor Walton to the church, and trusted when the new church was finished that it would be filled, | and that souls woil'd be saved and much i good done through liis agency. | Pastor Wood said lie was pleased to be j thete,.ahd welcomed Pastor Walton most 1 heartily. He belie ved tlie hand of God had J brought him and his wife there, and he was 1 | glad to learn that the people had already learnt to love them, which he believed. was reciprocated, arid would lead to the blessing of God resting upon them. He was glad to meet the Messrs. Gibson, who had done so much for the cause in Tasmania, and hoped they would long be spared to continue the good work. He heartily reciprocated all that had been said to welcome -Mr and Mrs Walton, and on behalf of the Launceston Tabernacle he wished the Pastor and con gre^ition all prosperity in the name of the Pastor Walton was theii called upon by the chairman, and was received with great applause. He said he had listened with great pleasure to the land words Itliat had been spoken that evening, andexpresssd his gratitude to the ladies for the handsome decorations, the providers of the tea, and tlie choir for tlieir services. He felt glad that there Was SneS-d band of .men in con nection with their church in this colony: it was one of the pleasurable things of fife tq have association with such men. IJe had been laboring in a great city possessing three times the population of the whole of Tasmania, and where there were a number of Baptist ministers, but he had never been inspired so muchashehad been amongst the men representing the Baptist Church iu Tasmania ; and he considered the Messrs. Gibson were to be congratulated on securing f ticji m£ri. . He. firmly believed that God had sent him there, arid that confidence gave liim strength, courage, joy; and Con tentment. God took those matteris in hand ; and believing that he was sent by Him, he would confide in Him for His blesssmg. Mr Walton then gave, first, his grounds for believing that he had expe rienced the grace of God, giving an account of his early conversion and work ; second, his reasons for believing that he was called of God to the work and office of the Christian ministry ; third, his views of the leading doctrines of religion ; and fourth, the Itnnltcr lip nrnnnftpd In » discharge the duties of the ministry. He said the first duty was to prepare and [ preach sermons, and thus feed the people with the Word of God. Hungry men fought because they were hungry, and if the pastorate was fed it would be one means of promoting harmony. The second duty was to visit, the sick, not always the Christians first, .for wherever there was a sick person who wished foi' words of comfort there he would go. His next duty was to strive to extend the Redeemer's kingdom outside his own sphere. Then came general pastoral visitation, not to pray or read always, but for friendly intercourse. Then he intended to do anything for the promotion of any educational or philanthropic designs that would commend themselves to his judg ment. He wanted it distinctly understood that he wished for no confidant except his wife, and did not want his ears filled with those things he should not listen to. He should strive to recognise and give to the officers their due place, and he hoped they would do the same to him. He was glad they possessed such, intelligent men as officers to attend to tlie financial affairs of the church, thus leaving him free to attend to the ministerial duties; as it was of the utmost importance to have the | mind and soul quiet to attend to the work of the Lord. He wanted the church to be a peaceful church, and to have full vigor and life ; for the peaceful church did the work of Christ, but the turbid church never did. In conclusion, he trusted that God would grant them to see the church prosper more and more, and in connection with the other churches to be cSine a great influence in the colony. (Prolonged applause). Pastor Archer said he was glad to be there and join in welcoming their Pastor. He gave some of his experiences in Perth Church, and said Pastor Walton had come j amougst a praying people, 'Slid he believed j they would have a good time together. He | trusted that the 'Lord would in time give to Pastor Walton the whole of Perth, and that when those present left that meeting they would go away more determined to do His wilL . Pastor Blackie said the meeting had welcomed their Pastor, and had done their best to make him feel at home. He felt that God had answered their many prayers in sending the right man along.' - The grace of God had saved him and kept- liim; and would support him in his ministry. In-the name of the Latrobe portion of the church, he welcomed their dear brother and his wife to Perth and to the country, ~ ? ? \- The chairman said he was pleased that they had all tried to give Mr and Mrs. Walton a right-down real welcome. They had come to the end of their meeting, and he would ask those present to show their appreciation of the .ladies who provided the tea and decorated the rooms, and of the various-speakers— (A voice— And the chair man)— by acclamation. This was heartily accorded ; and after singing thedoxology the Pastor pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. 