Kieeping IU pAppearances. \---'-++ - 1 There is no more reprehensible fault than that of keeping up deceptive appear ances, especially among young men who are commencing to battle with the world. That is just the time of life when, if they are dependent upon their own exertions, they will either make or mar their future. We have in view several cases that may serve as a warning to others, in whose interests we refer to them, assuring our readers that the personages have an ectuad existence ant that the events re lated have actually transpired. 5 3 The first was a case of a youth who had been petted and pampered by an over-indulgent mother. He received the too common college education which re sulted in his having acquired no know ledge of any kind, save on the subject of dress. Ius this respect he thought he was an adopt. Without any knowledo of busi ness lie made his start in life with a good firm. Here lihe had every chance to make a man of himself, to acquire useful ind valuable business habits and knowledge, and to work his way up in the world. The drawback to his success consisted in his great admiration for himself and for the oneor more girls whom hlie coudescended to patronise. Part of his ofilce hours would be occupied in corresponding with them, and another part in obtaining the much needed rest of which lie deprived himself at night, for this youth was a man about town, a habitue of leading hotels and a lounger at the bars. Of course such habits could not conform to those re quired by a boy in business. IIe lived in a fashionable boarding house at the ex :eIns of hlis parents, so his little salary was his pocket imoney. But it can be readily imagined that this did not suffice for such a spark, and lie was sooun in the habit of borrowing froum his fellow clerics. His want of sleep by night made him stupid by day, and of course lie, officially, uroved a f;ilure. His memory was like a sieve and hie was practically useless. Finally lie associated with sports, and then tihe downfall wvas more rapid. He reimained away front his office for a week or two without permission, and as a natural sequence lie remained away for ever. uNow what sill become of this youth ? Il his case a good addmninistration of the birch would be adv:nt:lgeous. His parents are also to blame for permitting hilii to grew up in such a fashion that all impecunious youth willstart out in life by aneing a msan and a millionaire. His end is not dilticult to foretell-dissipation, de bauchery and death. In the second case we refer to, the being has passed boyhood and should lhave acquired sen:s. If anything his casen is the more hopeless of the two. Imagine a man on a fair salary, living alos e anti with no family ties. Yet he can hardly lie called a man as men are. considered. IHe is imbued vwitl more of the elements of womanhood, finicky, naulnby-p:unby, a sort of danciun jackass- this at least'is how hle is regarded by nesn who art imen. His sole aini in life is to be a leader in society, the chef among the bon-teo. He has no male friends. but is always to be found in the boudoir or in the drawing room. He is ti first-nighttr at the theatres, a leader in the gert:alt, an usher at fashionable wedfi igs, in fact a dude amongitg dudes. No'ty c;anl any man with a spark of manly feeling pass such an cx istence? 'No aIscsiation wtorthy of the n.sne with his fellows, who rathler shun and sneer at his ways, he wraps hiniself up in Ihis self-conceit a'nd the ever-exist iIg consciousness of a too intense admira tion on the part of the fair sex for his beauteous ligure ;and sapc,hlis moustache, the touch of iis hani, and his elegnuce in dance. Oh, horrors ! liow such anl ex istence is to be shunned. We can iim ains: this being as the recipient of choice touque:saill secntedlotes,a spotless itor- - tal too g.o?i for this sphere andl who should soi.r to higher re:ahlis se:tted near the throne of Goti. t Vltat his bisi:nesa habits andl reconutentdatiltns cau Ite, it is dil cult to inuagine. Thle wear anld tear of late hours and dissipation must tell inl timile. The incm:sslary expenses in conneu tion with intiulte itaso:inltion atuionig lead ilng socie'ty imust amnount to ia large shsare of a moderate income, and leave htIulittlo for the necess:aries of life. A careful e:n player rwould do well to keiep a wnatchnful eve upoin such a one, asnd exa?tliuehis :ai counts with pertinacious re'i:larilty. For ourselves we would lnot keep hi:s live minsutes, for the association of swell dont must needs he costly, and ino imanil of mode:lrate means has the right to minglo with the rich. He cannot afford to do as tiscy do, and is but a bass imitation of the richer itral, and a veritable snob. A sr._nc:arn autor trutih wmats to ;;??w "shy it is. wilh so many negroes dying, nobody ever sees a black ghost?" iHe: " M?h darling, I really believe my rhcuma tism has whsolly disappeared." Snti: "Then Is'pone we shall never know when the weather is going t trhange?' An Irlntus hearing of a ftiend who lad a -ione cofiin md:le for hi:usat'f, said, "TFath, that's goodl. Sure an' a stone colfliu 'ud last a man alitf.timn." Foorr, on his roturn from a visit to Ireland, was asked if he had seen CO.rk. "No," hI r? plied; " hbt when 1 was in DZblin I saw a grea; many drawings of it." IE: "But ain't you afraid your parents will be angr if wen gt marred ?" Stir : "Noa they on'it care. Why, they are married, too." " Sure, rmhllhirtoman immenos estate under my father's will. When he ordered mn y eldest brother to divide the house with me, by St. Platick, he ? did i!-for tkhe tk the isidehtioself ad g 'se ma HEn Cousra : "I taust say, Emms, that you've groeen quite handsome. There. now, can't you give me a compliment in return ?' his Cornsl: " Well, I should say that you are a gentleman of excolltt taste." AT Till theatre. Miss Barlowe (lwho is soma what short-sighted) : "Oh,t mamma, look at that i beautiful white bonnsct in the front row, centre aisle." 3Ito : "Sih-h, child. That is old 3r. Wtt son's ba'd head." Yaono Mr. Si?s" (to his pretty cousin): "I say, Man:l, how did my song' * ome Again from a Foreign Shrt:.' sc?m toimpress tit enompan?y?" P'?:rr" Corsi. : " Well, soune rf them, Clharley, looked as if they were sorry that we ever eamu 5 back." A LADr graduate, eing out in the country, we:st into the stnalt'of s farmnlouse. "Dear ims, how close the poor cows are crowded together," slto remarked. "Ye.s, mum, but we have to do that." "Why so?" " So they will give condensed milk." Ecowrs: " I say, Dumley, Rohibinson has threat- i end that the first time ihe meets you he proposes I to knock some horse-seens into you. You wal?t to look out for inim." itoss .i (contemstuously1: " Pooht! It would i tale a dozoan me like lRobinso to knock, any I hr;t-;etot into me," 