HOLIDAY EXPERIENCES OF MB. TWEAKY. (WlUTTKN 1(Y IIlMSEhP.) X HAVE ftlwtvya boon considered a mild man; in fact I may confidently state I am a mud man ; but even tlio mildest will protest nt soino time of thoir life, and that timo has u,t last arrived in my liilhoL-to uncomp'aining existence. Before 1 relate the cauacs wliich are driving ino to tins prolpHt, I niay state that, I belong to Hat class of liumanity which our respected Premier has lately contemplated squeezing into liualj°"; ated state of reduction, and also tlut I am in receipt of U210 per annum, winch is tho bread and butter of Mrs. Twoaky, six young Twoaky's, and the present writer, who, to toll the truth, render, is somewhat worn and bald with tho constant effort to make empty pockets and fall stomachs agrco. A woek boforo Xinas there was peaco and happiness in our family, comparatively speaking, that is—but 011 that evontful morning tho postman brought a loiter whoso reception is the immediate cause of these holiday cxpouonces (which, Go.) forbid shall, ever fall to my lot again). Tho letter contained a cheque for .CIO from a maiden aunt of mme, who to tiso lior own words, "in consideration of tho threatened retrenchment" had sent tho enclosed to keop mo from tho disgraco of whito washing. The reception of this large sum had (jnite a quieting effect on tho assembled family—Mrs. Twoaky ceased scolding Tommy for tipping over his Bister s mug, our blossod twins forgot to pmc'' Tommy in revenge, while Mary, our eldest hopeful, began to clamour for a certain now dross slio wanted for a Xmas box, the baby meanwhile sucking his thumb placidly, while his ma, as tho caso with most females on occasions of groat joy or griof, covered him with kisses. "When tho first surpiiso was ovor, I intimated to my botter halt that tho cheque would go towards wiping off that littlo affair which had with tho threatened retrenchment bran hanging like tlio sword of Damocles above my head tor the last six months. . " Mr. -Twoaky, I am astonished,'' said my wife, looking both hurt and augry ; " so this is the way you throw., gifts of 11®V1" deuce to tho winds ; why can't you let that littlo affair stand over; look around this table at your poor wife and childron, romomborin" at tho same time that Xmas is near; ■look at their pale faces and skinny fingers, look at your poor wife who hIiivoh from night to morning and morning to night, and then ask ynuvsolf if yon have tho heart to deny tho poor deara a bit of, holiday in tlio'conn try. It is littlo enough I care for myself, but fur tho sake of tho dear clnldron wo might tnko a change. £10 would do it, I am wnro." Why, dour friends, T nood hardly say that my wife is vory determined, and apt to boc. line hysterical whon th war tod. 1 walkod i.ito town 'hut day truly wretched, for 1 hn i in my pocket an advert isomont tor an uiil'uniifdiorl cottage in a country district containing four rooms; spa<*o of time roqnirod, one wook ; tho possessor to mako application lo ono Mr. Twoaky. iho advertisement once inserted, I waited, its anMV.or with something akin to desperation 'overdrafts and', unpaid bills danced beloio mo now whorevor I gazed ; _ I fancied heard the neighbours discussing my prodigality., W'Uideriiig where tho money had o.imft from, and my creditors deteimming tii put' the nerew'nn afiiijr the holidays wi-re over—but the excitement at h nno at last "Communicated itself to me, and by _d>nt of shifting conscience I succeeded in laughing feebly whenever the subject was moolod. My wife had responded to several applications; but .at lust fixed on _ouo that seemod quite a bargain. Tho writor described tho cottage in question as containing four rooms, half-furnished, with an additional kitchon and pantry somewhat out of ropair. The district where this accommodating littlo plneo stood was about seventy miles out of Sydney, on tho southern line, and about six miles out of tho town called ]3_ 1. TJio writer furthermore stated that a fino orchard adjoii'od a vegetable garden, both of which, however, wore out of repair also. But, as my wifo said, this would he of no eonsoquonce, particularly when tho woalhor was so fine and waim, and wo agreed for tho whole at three guineas per week. I may hero mention for the benefit of those who im ngine that rent and fare are the only things to bo considered in a holiday oxcursion, that the number of incidental exponses that daily cropped up -wore calculated to give anyone with a limited purse the horrors. For instance, my good wife never having boon in tlio country boforo, and neither had I for that mattor, would insist on tho boys and girls getting leggings as a protection against the snakes, which, to judge from the preparations made to cope with them, must have been as plontiful in the fields and highways as they wore on Medusa's - head. When I mildly expostulated about oxponso, Mrs. Tweaky said, " Why, my dear, we can sell them second hand when wo return, for, of course, tliey will not want them again, so don't go against giving tho dears life-presorves, why it might be the death of them." . Needless to say this view of the case quenched my feeble efforts at retrenchment Then the girls must have large hats—"You wouldn't have them spoil their complexions ond chances for life by getting sunburnt and freckled, would you now ?" says the fond mallier. Of course, I answer m the negative, but still affirnvthey aro unnecessary. " Well, if you think they are unnecessary, what will you say to this, asks my wife, unfurling a hnge cotton umbrella, "You see," she adds half apologetically, it was a bargain down at Hordeni's, and_ I thought; although my complexion is spoilt, it would keep baby and me nice and cool while our silk one is too nice to take." What could I do I I appeal to you, my friends, to a discerning public, to whom I am about to unbosom the woes of Christmas expeditions, to shabby genteel families, who are struggling to mako ends meet; could I, without appearing as a tyrant in the only sphere iu which I flhine, wimely domestic life, put a stop to this little holiday; I solemnly affirm I could not—overdrafts, and unpaid bills might haunt me as Banco's ghost, but a lcill-jo to Mrs. .Lweaky and the six young Tweakys I would never be. TO HE COlVriNUKD, 