ftovelist. "GLADYS." » . t»t A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME. BT M. M. B. A lovely .morning in - spring, when you seem'to see the trees growing and the flowers opening to . the sun-all nature is b9 bright . around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth iu your heart, and a song of thanksgiving rises :o your lip3, for the fact of life, and the blessing of good health to enjoy it. . A garden lies before us, sloping grad ually ;to the river, and filled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and. blossom ran old-fashioned garden-where the Lent lilies bent thei* graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of'"the cottage type, ; though built withjjlenty of space at com mand, and.showing outhouses andstabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed 'with this world's goods to live in: comfort, at any rate, if not in absolute luxury. - . - Seated under a' spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl: of surpassing grace and beauty;' . one glauce at the pure oval of her face, at the deep gray of her' eyes, and the golden .brown of her hafry 'i sunning over with burls,"-to say nothing of^her aupple iigure and-taper hands aud feet, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had been "the beauty,"par excellence, of the last three seasons. . 1 . There was, however,, a tinge of melan choly in. the wistful droop of her rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an heiress,:;i8 well as a bea»ty, she was not entirely^ happy or free from care. -Flitting about from shrub to bush, j,nd from blossom to berry, as fancy alone dxtated, and gradually filling the basket she. carried in her hand with all the spoils of the garden, was another girl. . The two were much alike, b.ut this one tfas younger, brighter, fairer, and evi dently, happier than her cousin^for such . "Was the degree of relationship between the two. Beatrice, the elder cousin, was the! owner of the -pretty cottage, where aldtr dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affection existed between the two girls. '' to. the present inoment, Gladys had been the chief spokeswoman, but. the con versation^had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it difficult to remain -long in one place, and gathering flowers afforded a splendid exercise for perpetual motion. Now, however,-she came and . settled herself on the grass at her cousin's feet, and with a little sigh of content began to art ange her spoils. Beatrice continued the conversation as .if-no interruption had. taken' place. "It is all very fine for you to talk, Gladys/ just because you happen to be engaged to the best fellow in the world the best 'catch' of. the season-a hand some manj and one who, beside all those advantages, is as madly in love with you, little cousin, as if these were the days of -chivalry, and yoii were an* enchanted princess in a moated castle. He has only ! one serious fault that I know of, aira there's no denying that he is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." " It's.the only thing that prevents our love story being as . common-place as a cook's or a housemaids," pouted Gladys, l< but 1 am always hoping that something may turn up to arouse his jealausy, but you* know," confidentially, and with a quaint little sigh. "I'm so dreadfully in love with him, that I don't think it ever "can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure I could never give him even the slightest cause-" " Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin ; "but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys." i'-I don't mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued Glady's, as if she htidnothearc^or, at any rate, heedod the interruption, and holding up a bunch of creamy roses to* see how they harmonised with hep cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of paren thesis, "or that Claude is not the be3t and . dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for me ; but I am sure, Trixy," coaxingly looking up into the. elder girl's face to try to get her to agree, " it would have been much wiser and much more romantic if he had hap pened to te-an artist, and worn a velveteen coat, and-" . "Yes," laughingly, " yc3, my dear coz, much more romantic, but not one-half so convenient. It was because my lover, [Denzil de .Lisle, was poor, that Aunt . Catherine forced me to reject liim.JDon't > «ver think, Gladys my dear," speaking .very tenderly, . " that the moat rorgantio i surroundings can ever reconcile you'to I saying ' goodrbye ' to one whom you truly love. I shall never forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again, I could then die happily." " Nonsense, love," said Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately," don't talk about dying in this glorious weather; let's think of something happy and bright, like the sun shine," gathering all the flowers into a big bunch. "Claude said he'd be down about twelve, and take us both up the river fish ing. Ye3, Trix, as you say, I'm a . lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shall ever want one of my own ; but, still, you must allow that poverty-mind, poverty without rags, 11 distinctly object to rags-poverty is so much more romantic than having all the' luxuries of life and a few over. , "My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have them; you were made for the., sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite re spectably without either. . This was said in a joking manner, but when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth be ginning to pout and the brown eyeB fill with tears, she drew her cousin tenderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. "Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever fared for, who is in every way worthy of you-. you musn'tmindrae, dear. You will under stand now why I am sometimes sad iind melancholy. I am going into the house; shall I bring your hat, dear ? " "Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crow." " That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's 1" . "Bo," with a merry laugh, " not at all; and I don't* think Claude would like a blackamoor for a wife, dear Trixy," watch ing the graceful figure till she disappeared into the cottage..- * " Well,_I don't wonder at men falling in love with Beatrice, I should myself; it's quite a delight to me to watch her face, and I'm not a man, or I suppose it would be more so. I'm quite proud to be her cousin, and for people topretendthat they see a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. .1 would'do any thing in the world, for her- only I'm awfully glad Claude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled look, ^ if he had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have liad anything to do with it. Well," with a shake-<5f the head, " I don't know, anything about that all I know is;, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if he had been poor, I could have proved my devotion by-' . . ' ? But the restof her meditations were cut short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shriek.of-pretended dismay, Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, to right and left. Her. face looked ; very rosy as she hastily released herself; and stooped to pick up £he blossoms, exclaim ing in 'tragic fones,- - t . " Oh; Claude, how you frightened me!" I " Frightened you, sweetheart ? Why, what a clumsy brute I nlust be. But there, never mind those flowersj Ladybird, I'll take good care liobody else frightens you while I am hero." Ho took her injiis arms and bestowed a dozen kisses on her lips. His is a stalwart .figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. - His big blonde beard and flaxen hair shone like threads of gold in the sunsli&e.; His blue eyes rested withdeeploveand admiration on the dainty figure he held in his arms." After a few niinutes given to lover-like demonstration, he seated himself on the grass boneath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by his side, possessing him self of one small hand. " And now tell me what you were talk-' ing about when I came." Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she recollected the wish that was on her lips. " Talking ! Was I talking ? What did I say 1" " Well, I only heard part of a sentence, it was this: ' I could have proven my de votion by-'" " Oh," with a nervous little laugh, "I suppose.I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude." " Private theatricals, indeed I Now look here, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, "I won't have you talking about your de votion to any other fellow but me. How do I know if you talk about it but what you may feel it, and then," lugubriously, ' * what i3 to become of me ? No, no, sweet heart, talk as much about devotion to mo ? as you please, I am open, to as many con fidences on that vsubjecu as you like to make, so fire away, I'm ready/' " Nonsense. Claude, "said Gladys, langh ing in spite of herself, "as if one could make love to order, like a dress, or a coat, or boots." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cals are the very mischief,, and put non sense into girls' heads. I hate all such' exhibitions!" " But, Claude, you know its for >a charity, and you know-" " Charity be hanged ! Charity, should begin at home, and . I believe its vanity that makes all you women so ready to ex hibit yourselves to be stared at at so much a head, under the guise of charity. You'd think it precious'hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." "Now don't be disagreeable, You know Beatrice has promised, and you know all the places are booked at double^ prices to see the lovely Miss Cameron, the beauty of the,last three seasons, in all the latest confections that Worth has promised to send for the occasion-" "All well and good, if Beatrice likes to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, sees' no objection ; but recollect yoil are my property now," looking at her - with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. " And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't bear to see that dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladys,.we'll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling," in a low, tender voice, drawing her to him, " you can't think what paiii it would be to me to hear my own little love discussed at the clubs as I hear so many other fellows' sisters and sweethearts | talked about. I think it would kill me3 Glady's, to find that' you had ever had a seoret from me. I know I" should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived me." He was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on so Blight a cause, but Glady's remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintance that Claud© Meredith, before he inherited his ancle's wealth, had been jilted by a cer tain lady, arid how he had only then re turned from his long Bojqurn abroad. She, too;' was quite in earnest when ahe^an swered him. . " Deceive you, Qlaude--why, how could I ? I love you too "well. Now, don't, be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way -not a little bit." ;i? " Because I know you like having, my way best-now confess you do ?" "I shan't confess anything of the kind," said Gladys, perversely. "Ah, but I know you do," with a wise shake of the head. -" "Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to-be said." "Where'sBeatrice ?" he lazily inquired, after a slight loverlike pause. W . . " Oh, Claude," she continued, in a sor rowful little voice, "she's just been tell ing me the very saddest love story I ever heard ; and, what, is sadder still, it is every bit true.'' " Her own T queried Claude, more in terested in picking the bits of m#ss from Gladys pink dress, than in ever 30 pathetic a story concerning her cousin. "Yes ; that's the reason she has never married, and "-in an awe-struck whisper -'' she never intends to be, because she can't forget D-" At thi3 moment a* loud ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. " "What a nuisance !. 1 forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come down to day and go fishing with us-you know dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, but yet she must I feel de trop, at any rate I know she, is just' one too many, so I thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartette j instead of a trio, or . rather a couple of 1 duets-don't you think it is a good idea, pet?" " Oh, capital! Only it's no good ; Beatrice will never love again." . " Well, at auy rate, Denzil will enter tain her ; he's the best fellow in the world -only came .back from India last wi-ek. I- ran up against him in. Bond- Street last night; we were delighted to meet "again we used to be the greatest chums in the world, Denzil and I." "DenziM What a. pretty name ; ifc sounds' strangely familiar," murmured Gladys. " What's his other name " De Lisle--Denzil de Lisle. Why, Gladys, what is the matter V for Gladys had sprang to her feet as if by an electric j shock, and. now stood looking, flushed and eager, at her tall lover. '' What name ? : Say it again, Claude,' clutching at his arm as he was turning aside. ' , . Denzil de Lisle. Do you know him ?" -this latter in quick, Buspiciou3 tones. " Why, how odd you look P. _ Do I ?" laughing nervously. "No, I don't know him-I have heard the name -nothing more." , . - " I don't' understand ; what do you mean 1" laying a detaining lian$ on her shoulder. "Nothing/'v disengaging, herself, "let me goI will.be back directly. I must tell Beatricewith which series of words, jerked out one after the~other, she fairly took to her heels and "ran to the ' house, leaving Claude looking afterlier'in angry amazements He made a step to follow her, but tjiought better of it, and took out liia cigar case, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing influence of a pickedjEIavana. The following sen tences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar:- - "I never saw Gladys so odd before, j Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow 11 repeat, if I were jealous," this last was ! very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a Ismail pebble into the river, "I should swear-this was some old lover of hers ; but it can't be. I'll never believe my Gladys, my little white dove, cojtld so de ceive me." Here he . took, a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. .;. " No, I don't believe'it, and yet, how else account for her sudden agitation at the mention of Denzil's name ? it was that which so affected her, I'll swear-ah, here comes the fellow ( himself ; I'll tackle him going to meet .him., " He's d luced good-looking, quite one'3 beau ideal of an officer and'a gentleman. Ah, my dear [ fellow," as the two men met and cordially 1 shook hands, " you've found us out. The ' girls will be very glad to see you. Wjiat a jolly day for a, row, isn't it ?" "Yes, grand; but Tm afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright." " Oh,'the fish are only an excuse. I There's one of the prettiest girls in the ; world to spoon. Oh, you neeln't shake your head and try to look solemn ; wait till you've seen her. I'm sure Mrs. Con way-" Conway 1" interrupted the other man quickly. "Did you say Conway ?" Claude's face grew somewhat shadowed, as he answered, .. " Yes. Do you know her ?" "1 knew Mr3. ^Con way once-a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter ?" " Oh, yes ;" eagerly. " Gladys is-" " That name-it must be the same." He turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said, "Do you know 1 have searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but havo been unable to hear of her? Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt.". "She was-didn't you know that she is dead ? Bift, tell me, old fellow, what do yoU know of Glady's ? Where did you see her? When?" " She is the only woman I ever'loved." rejoined the other. "I love her still, though Heaven knows she treated me scandalously. We were everywhere together for a month. I followed her like her own shadow ; she smiled but on me, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled-" "Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway V" " Sure. Do I know my own face in the 'glass? Not better than I knew hers. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for fea ture, and lino for line, as fair os it was | false. She fooled me to the top of my ' bent, and I was mad enough to think she loved me, wlie'n in the spring sunshine alio pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saying she was already pledged to Hugo Bankside, that I must forget'her ; we had been ^ery foolish, but it wa3 essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and'only returned from India the day before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still unmarried, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you tell me that she is here, and stiff unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad withjoy, at the thought of seeing her so Boon, with the hope that yet she may be mine. Ah, I felt -she could , never have been so cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some-" .. ? ",Ye3, as you say^ there .had been some mistake, butryou must excuse me-so sorry -just recollect a most important engage ment-you will wait here and see her. Gladys, Miss Con way-give that to her, I must be off at once." During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in his pocket-book and then- torn out the leaf ; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major do Lisle, wha observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his face. " Are you ill, old man? You look as if you had seen "a ghost." "No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow from the treeswith a faint laugh see you again soon. Good by." Aiid with quick, decided steps, he was gone. "Really, that ia too good of him, to make himself scarce, like this, jgood old fellow, but I fancied from-a word or-two that he-dropped the other day, that I'was to be introduced this morning to the future Mrs; Meredith, but I suppose I wa3 j mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to! him, anyhow, to give "me a chance of see ing her like this. I Fish she would come, and yet, I dreackto think of.it, if I should, be mistaken again. Ah, my darling, 11 did not* know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again, has so unnerved me ; but I must not meet | her with a gloomy face. Ah, here she "conies I" And the strong man actually trembled , with suppressed excitement, buUshe light] footsteps he had heard was only Gladys, who felt slightly'disconcerted' to find a stranger there, and no sign of Claude what ever. She advanced, however, in herj pretty fluttering way, and held out a tiny hand, which Major de Lisle took , and cordiallypressed,for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near ] her. "Major de Lisle, I presume ?" said Gladys, in her bright young voice, and as j she spoke, she could. not help thinking | what a gopdlymanthisloverof her cousin's was. ?' He was tall and slight, with a well-, proportioned and well-built frame, which looked remarkably enduring. The face was j that of aman who had thought and suffered; clear olive skin, and waving dark brown, hair, and heavy, drooping mustache, kindly, | deep brown eyes, that women, little chil- j dren and animals always trusted at.firsts sight.' A clear mellow voice replied to , Glady's question, whilst a smiling light ] came into his dark eyes.. " ,i " Yes, that is my name I came here by Claude Meredith's invitation, and now as he has been unexpectedly re-called to. town, I must'intrcduce myself. He left this note for Mis3 Conway." Gladys looked as ho felt, truly as tonished, but held out her for hand thelet ter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her.' She put it into her pocket at once. _ " Claudegone-without sayinggood-by. How strange ! You don't know me, Major \ de Lisle, although you are very familiar with my name. I am Gladys Conway, the | second." » He started perceptibly. ".The Gladys Conway you know is my j cousin, but you will never see her more. Ah, forgive me," seriously, "I did not) mean to alarm JTou. You will see my j cousin almost immediately, but under an other name. Oh, how stupid I am !. No,, she is not married, but has changed herj name to Beatrice ,Cameron. It-was a fancy of her godfather's, who left her a ] large fortune ou that condition. Strange j to say, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of.course, Ldo notknow your history, but | I am quite sure," with a charming smile, | " that one whom Gladys loved -must be worth loving." , " Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still | free ?" he-pleaded. i "As free as air-or rather, I should say, as free as a woman can be who is bound up in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I am persuaded she will never tnarry-that is, I mean," with a little questioning look at her companion, "!she will never marry unless you ask her , again. I am certain there must have been | some mistake. Do youthink I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin-for Gladys' sake-I ask you straightforwardly, why | you sent her that cruel letter, andrbegyou to tell me the truth." She waited in .breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ten der ones. "Why, I could d<jno,other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mistake, that I must forget her, as he was betrothed to Arthur. Bankside, on account of his wealth and position. What could.I, the penniless subaltern in ah expensive regi ment, reply to such an appeal ? Could I hold her to her word so lightly given,.or even did I do so, would she consent to be so held ? It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered by belief in woman's dis interestedness. I left London that night, and England as soon as I could make the exchange. Can you-fancy what feelings of Tantalus I had, when the first letters I re ceived from home told me of my accession to wealth and estates of which till that moment I had never dreamed." "But she-Gladys-never'wrote ttiat le'tsr you speak of; it must have been Aunt Kate-Mrs. Lennox. You know she, was very proud of Gladys in a way, and had determined she should make the best match of the season; but Dr. Banksiile didn't propose till the day after you left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept J>n refusing him ever since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packed her off, then and there, back' to us, to the old house in Cornwall, where we had lived all our lives, and continued to do so till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his god daughter, Gladys Conway^-your Gladys, you know-ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, the only proviso being that Gladys should take the name *of his mother-Beatrice-and add thereto, his own patronymic of Cameron; .so that is the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the de tails ; bub now-are you not dying to see her? Confess now,"added tholight-hearted girl. . . "Yes, indeed I am ; and.can I see her -now-at once?" "Yes you shan't be kept waiting long, I will go at once and find Beatrice and send her to you, Will you come into the.house, or see Beatrice here ?" , " Here, if she will come." "I am sure she will; so, once more, nil desperandum," and with a happy laugh, the girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across the somewhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, and then a look of hope came into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too many to remain there unuttered, and came forth in dreamy musings. His musings were broken by a voice speaking just behind him-the one voice in all the world to him. " Gladys'told ipe- Oh, Denzil! afc last." .' The latter portion of the sentence waB spoken in hi3 arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed' of it', on his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein all the love and longing of years seemed to find, expression, and she lay quite still, with tlie tears coursing down her face. In vain he tried to kiss them away; bur she said to let her weep, it did her The paroxysm of we'eping soon spent it self, and Beatrioe smiled up" into her lover's face. . ' "Now tell me," she jsaid, raising her head a little from its rcsting-placef and -.clasping1 one of, his brown hands in her two little white ones. " " Now tell me, Denzil, how did you find me ?. When did you come ? Why didn't you come before, 11 a?o wanted you so much." " My darling ! and I you-ail the time. When I received that note from you-" , , . . " Note! what note? I never wrote to you before you wentaway Denzil. Why should I? we saw each other every day. . "See, darling, this letter, with your monogram on it." , "I never wrote it, Denzil-never," she interrupted. " But- how was I to know that ? I had never seen your hand writing even." "Oh,- Denzil I And.after I told you how I loved you!" , " Ah, dearest love, I »vas mad to doubt you ; but there can be no true love with out jealousy, and did I hot know everyone would envy me my pearl, my. flower? When I received that cruel note from you -as, I then thought-X was stunned, broken-hearted, and wentto India at once, and have been there till six weeks ago wheu I was invalided home." But my letters,|Denzil! You got them surely?" she said. . . » "Never aline, and for a very good reason. I left strict orders that no private correspondence was to be frowarded. All to be burned/without ' the seals being broken." " Ah! that would account for it, then," returned Gladys. »' Well, thank Heaven, we have met at last ; and all owing, indirectly, to that good fello w, Claude Meredith, whom I met yesterday, in Bond street. He asked me to run down and go fishing to-day, and as I was sick of my own society, 1 accepted the invitation, little thinking I was com ing to find my wife ! With another pas sionate embrace. Say, darling, is it not 30_y0u will not make.me wait long And Beatrice Cameron, who had not a spice of coquetry in her nature ; lifted her sweet, shy eyes to his face, whereon shone a mixture of admiration, love and worship for the slender figure he he)d in his arms, and answered, "When you will, Denzil, I am ready." It is needless to say he thanked her in lover's fashion, and, after a shprt but bliss ful pause, she said, "Bub where is Claude, and why is he goha off in such a hurry ?" "He suddenly recollected some very important business in town ; at least, that was his excuse. But my own opinion is that; like a good fellow, he wanted to leavathe coast clear for. me" to explain matters to you. He gave me a note for Miss Conway, which he hastily scribbled in hi3 pocket-book, and then tore the leaf out. Naturally, I thought he meant you, never dreaming that there could be anotherMiss Conway in the world, and neither can there be such another one my darling." " Silly fellow !'* rejoined Beatrice, the rosy blushes mantling her fair face, and the love-light deepening in her dark gray eyesthen, as a sudden thought struck her, " but tell me, did you mention my name--say anything about our former meeting ?" " I believe I did tell him of our former relations, but-" . - "Then he thinks of course, it was Gladys," shs interrupted, quickly ; " my cousin, the girl you saw just now-and he has gone off in a jealous liuflt. They are only" just engaged, and are as happy as possible ; indeed, I think his only fault is that he has a very jealous nature* and I've heard him tell Gladys several times he'd never forgive her if. he found she had" kept a secret from him. Silly, jealous fellow ! Why, Gladys love3 him with all her heart, and I don't believe she could keep a secret for half an hour, poor little darling; no doubt she is breaking her | heart over the matter, somewhere. What is to be done, Denzil ?" t£ Where do you tliiuk lie's gone? I a better go and explain things to him, and bring him back ." said Denzil. " I've no idea, but you might go to the station, it isn't far/and he's sure to go tip to town by train; at least I should imagine so. We must not let this be a second edition of our story, Denzil, must we?" nestling closer to him. "No, indeed,'my darling," lie said, once more taking her in his arms ; "your cousin looks but a frail little mortal, although she's so bright. Here she comes, poor child, looking distressed enough ! you'll comfort her, whilst I try to find the runaway. I won't be gone long, dar ling-" ... " Ah, Denzil, how sweet it is to have you again to confide my troubles to!" " yes, indeed, sweetheart wo have much to be thankful for; but I trust, my pet, you will have few sorrows and many \ joys to tell me of in the future." " Anyhow, dear, we shall boar tliein to gether,! hope." , " Well, I'm off now. Au reroir." And lifting his hat to Gladys, who came insight at that moment,he hastily left the garden on his way to the Btatiom Gladys came quickly towards her cousin; she was looking pale and agitated, and there were teardrops still glistening on-the long eyelashes. She held a note toward Beatrice, looking a'fc her piteonsly while she read it. "What does it mean, Beatrice?" she said. .The note read as follows: "I leave yon forevor, I should nover have believed your apparently opm and child-liko nature could so have deceived one who trusted you so implicitly. If you had only told me o£ your love for Denzil de Lisle, I would have done everything in my power to bring you together. As it iB, fate h'a3 been kind and brought him here. I ,will not reproach" you with a single word. All I say is, may you be happier than you des.erve to be. " CLAUDE." " What does it all.mean, Trix ? What have I done ? How'&ave; I deceived him ? What can he mean,?" site moaned. (7o be continued.) 