PERSONALITIES. At AldnolslVcd. Oxk must approach theso places in n spirit of enthusiasm, to enjoy them at all. It is not just tlio tiling to enjoy yourself in Jiuvope, nowadiys, in miy but n social way. Indeed, sight-seeing belongs to tlio hoi polloi. But, if people do do suoh a thing at all, it has becomo tlio correct custom to look at everything from n strictly humorous point of viow. Unfortunately, 110 one can do this well but Hark Twain. It in just as well, therefore, if you havo lovod your Wavei'loys, and all wellregulated pooplo do, to approach tlio white walls and endless wings of Abbotsfoid with somo good, hearty, old-fushioned enthusiasm. Otherwise, when tlio mist broke, j ust us wo drovo through a little side-gate into tho grounds, tho house that nestled there, deop, deep in tlio bosom of a hollow, would have sooined very commonplace indeed. Unfortunately, too, the people in cliargo of showplaccs aro apt to bring you do mi oil' your romantic stilts in very abrupt fashion. A littlo door in tho basement of Abbotsford was oponed to us by a gleo old Scotchman, in a Glongarry bonnet, who usherod lis into a dismal place, which may 01100 havo been tho laundry. I hud peopled tho littlo Scotch hills with a long troop of tho Wuverley ghosts, as wo drovo iu through tho liedgo gate, and there was a long train of thom at my heels—Fergus Mao-Iaor, Di Vernon, 11 >b Hoy, Jennie Deans and her pretty sister Kilio, with tho Laird of Diunbidikei- looking over their shoulder, but they all lied incontinently at sight of gaunt Scotch custodian. ' You'll not be ablo to go into Sir Walter's rooms the day,' ho slid, ' it's too lato, excepting there bo sovon of yo. It doesn't pay to takoless.' Wo meekly suggested that wo wait and see if a frosli batch of tourists might not turn up, but thero wore no others at Jtlolroso venturosomo onough to accept tho Scotch mist and tho old Scotch Uy togetlior. A group of seven English tourists desceu docl tho creaking basement Htairoiwociirofiilly, ovon slDalthily, and wc prepared gloomily, to go out with them. ' Tho rooms will bo open at ton m tho morning-, mul tho glum custodian. But whon wo told him that 1)}' that tunc wo would liuvo had our breakfast. in London, as wo were to catch tho midnight eNpvc.-H at Melrose, ho almost gripped iw to keep us in tho north. Ho taw a few shining tdiillingH, that might liavo been 1 iif, disappearing into I ho greut maelstrom of London, and lio shtiddorcd at tho thought^ His Scotch acquisitiveness ovcronmo his Scotch manner, nnd ho insisted upon us .seeing Sii* Walter's rooms in a manner thnt was really civil. f<ir Walter's roun.s, including oven tho old hull, or main entrance, have, necessarily been walled oil' entirely from llio remainder of Iho houto. Nothing of tho belongings or lifo of tho family is visible to tho tourist, except tho inevitable tennis-court, which is laid out on a lovol pint under tlio library windows, and close by tho liver's .side. There was a group of young people, who seemed to onrry Walter Scott's bioodin their veins with tho utmost carelessness, trying to luive a game. It takes a good deal of weather to diseouroge a .Scotoh group, but sopping wet tennis- balls are ugly things any whom, and they gave it up in despair. Nor did they seem to belong there. Tennis was still a Erench game in Walter Scott's time, niul hero were wo among his undisturbed belongings as ho himself hud benn a thousand and a thousand times. JIo might linvo just; loft the room from iho tokens of ii.m, for liero was his chair turned half from tho table; hero was tho tablo itself upon which ho much of marvellous lore liad been written, and there were the inkstand and pen. Tho glum guide said it was tho ideiuie.il pen with which ho had made his l ist writ ton words, and it is always easier and pleas-untor to believo those things. It was a big quill, and if it woro indeed tho trim one, why then, Walter Scott himself .scratched his bead, and chewed his pen, and waited for an occasional idea now and then, even as tho losicr writers do, for there wero tho murks of his teoth. . It lias been said that all the travail of brain orentiou is in tho putting of tho ideas themselves down. Thoughts (low fast and furious, but it is labor to put them into words, and no mother is moro helpless over tho sfx of her infant, tho tlowof its lines, ot tho color of its hair, t han a writer over the words which shall como fortlr to express him. Was there over anything smoother, easier, richer, moro abundant, than Walter Scott's wizard words, yet if lio had boon Tapper writing his pi-ovorbial philosophy, lio could not have bitten his quill to leave surer ttneo of u moment's perplexity. Oloso as tho library with its empty chair brings you to 'Walter Scott's work, nothing brings you eo close to Walter Scott himself ns tho hall. It was once called tho great hall, but new peoulo rather spread themselves on halls, nowadays, and so iho Sgott Hull rather shrinks in proportion, but it is interesting to the last (legreo. Ono could almost feel his living presence thoro, if there wero not a ghastly whito bust of him on a tablo in tho corner. A bust always intrudes tho idea of death, for it does not seem that any living persons in their senses would permit busts of themselves to stand around the pluco and niako it ghostly. But it is easy to turn your back upou tho Scott bust, and tlio rest is pleasure and sunshine, and interest. The tessalated floor and carved walls look positively modem in tho Ughfc*of tho dooorativo tusto of tho new day, and thero are half a hundred things Unit any one may have, such as trophies of tho chase, weapons, bits of armor, ox-horns, deer-horns and what not of that ilk. But Walter Scott was a gouuino collector long before collecting was a fashion, andovery object that you touch or look,at has its hiatory. Close up under tho odgo of tho carved rafters hang tho oseuto.hoons of many noble Scotch families, and what a wealth of borderhind loro does each suggest, it tho cross custodian can tell you, as he can now and then, to what family thoy belong. Kob Hoy's deadly gun, feared so long upon the edge of tho Highlands, hangs peacefully enough, at last, upon the wall. Closo by, is the lock of Jiob Roy's liouso. They had pointed its a cavc ia tho hillside behind Inversnaid, as the favorite abiding place of the great chief, but tho great outlaw, it seems, lived in a house now and then. Knowing what to expect of people who did not live iu houses, he looked himself in, with passing security. Tho lock is a liugo thing, more than a foot square, and it must have required an able-bodied mau to carry tho key about. In tho corner stood tho idontical chest—a beautiful piece of Venetian work—in whiuli tho fair Giuovra locked herself on her bridal night, and was not found till twenty years after, -when her young bones, tumbled into a heap, with her bridal joivels, horrified tho first lifter of tho lid. Tho story is extant iu choice Italian, as Hamlet says, though it is better known ia its transplanted English form as tlio song of tho " Mistletoe Bough." " The mistletoe in tho eastlo hull, The liully brunch shone on tlio uld ouk wall." But Walter Scott, who was a cabinet linguist, prcferrod tho Italian tale, . and chorishod tho chost as ono of his most priceless belongings. A stray sunbeam coming over Muida's grave—Maidais buried just outsidothe deepseatod window—glancedupon a crucifix upon the wall, the ono that Mary Slitart kissed before she loid her head upon tho block. Poor Mary! No woman, surely, evor callod so many tears from human oyes. Iler beautiful face was her fato, for jealousy, wliioh is stronger than death, and cruelor than tho relive, pursued lior, till she kissed this little crucifix with tho very last sigh of eighteen years of sighing. AVIio is it, is it not, Washington Irving, ia his charming littlo Sketch Book, who says: "Tho walls of Elizabeth's sepulchre continually echo with the sighs of sympathy lioaved at the gravo of her rival ?'' But when it oamo to shedding tears over Mary Stuart, the custodian would have nono of it. IIo belongod to the Established Church of Scotland, and Mary was a heretic.—S. -A'. Bulletin, Miss I'iioobo G'ouzins, tho fresh, fair-haired pretty lawyer who has just boon mado United Slates marshal in St. Louis, whon tho subject of probably tho only neat compliment over heard from President Hayes. He had just been inaugurated, and Miss Cottzins was expressing hcv rogret that some womanlawyer like herself was not tho chief justice who administered the oath to the president. ' In whiuh case,' said President Ilayes, ' I should certainly havo kissed, not tho book, but tho chief justice. Duke Carl of Wurtomburg was a groat hand at n. practical joko iu his younger days. Once ho called at a farm-house and asked the farmer's wife, who ivas churning, for a drink of milk. She did not know her visitor, but went away to fetch tho milk, when tho duke seized a cat, which was lying near, and throw it, together to a dubat, into tho churn. When the woman returnod, lie drank the milk and walked away. A yoar later, the same prince entered the house in different dress, and again asked for a glass of inilk, and inquired whether somo ono hadn't once secreted a cat iu her churn. Tho fanner's wifo laughed, and said: 'Oh, yes; and I wouldn't mind his doing it again at the same prico.' 'What did you do with tho butter you wero elmrning then ?' ' Oh ! I sont it to tho palace, where thoy take all my stuff.' Tho skill whiuh Mr. Clay learned iu boyish ouuouuters was of uso to him afterward, for statesmen in Kentucky wero addicted to fisticuffs. Tho Hon JamcB C. Sprigg, a member of the Kcutuoky legislature, and afterward elected to Congress, had been very fortuuatu in such affairs, I le ouce, when in his cups, had communicated to Mr. Clay the aiuret cf his success. It wits to advance on lilts onemy wilh a pleasant expression of countunanco, and, having thus thrown him off his gjard, to strike him 11 heavy blow in tho faco, uii'l keop at lfc until ho wis boatcn. Messrs. Clluy and Sprigg afterward quarreled, ;nid mot by accident fit tho hotel, in a room occupied by a number of tho members. ' As' noon,' says Mr. Clay, 'as Hprigg, who was evidently awaiting my arrival, saw mo, ho ndvanccd past all tho.'o gentlomon toward mo, with a pleasant look, without speaking. I remembered his mothods ; and when ho got within roach, without a word on either Bide, I gavo him a revcro blow in the face, and brought him staggering to the floor.' As often oh Mr. Sprigg would rise, Mr. Clay would repeat tho blow, and thus easily boat his antagonist. Mr. Clay speaks of this as eoiiiie; most of his ufTnird, however, with knife and [li-kil, wore of tho tragic order. ' 