ODDS AND ENDS. SDan"?1!TED Pedbkiuak (familiarly) : Hello, Diok (discovers mistake). Oh, oh 1 Excuse me, I thought you wero another person! Stranger: "Great Scott! Ain't "Well Pat," said Foodlebright, "how do you propose to tide ovet the strike f" "Faith, sor," answered Pat, " I prophoae to Bridget. She teka in washin' an' orns two shilJin' the day." A Memjieu of the Academy of Sciences was seated next to a fashionable young lady at dmnor. "Do you like ethnology r" ho asked. 11 Yos, but I won't take anv this evening, thank you." 01 She (with emotion): "There's Mr. Bango, the poet ; he seems to bo all wrapped up in his thoughts." He (freezingly) : " Yes ! I think he would look better wrapped up in an over coat." Baoley : " Why on earth are you wearing that thin overcoat in this weather, John? Why, tho mercury's below zero!" Gagley (sadly) : " So ia my credit, Tom— so is my credit." An Irish gentleman was applied to by a cross ing sweeper for charity. The "gintleman" replied, "I will remember you when I return." 'Please, your honor," said the man, "lam ruined by tho credit I give in that way." Nettie telle her engagement with great prida to lier brother and concludes : "Now, don't tell anyone." Brother (who does not think so well of it) : " Oh ! you needn't be afraid. I'm as much ashamed of it as you are!" Bbhbaved Widow (to servant): "If that is a caller, Bridget, you may say that Mrs. Hender son is fooling so bad to-day that she is quite unable to see any one." Servant (returning): " It's not a caller, mum ; it's the dress maker." Bereaved Widow: "Ask her into the parlor, Bridget." A timid youth had business with a firm con sisting of two brothers. Finding one of them alone in tho counting room, he stammered out- "P-p-p-please, sir, h-h-h-have- I tho h-h- bonor of ad-d-d-dressing you, or y-y-y-yonr b-b-b-brotber ?" "My brother, sir," was the uncompromising reply. . Miss Chatty Lafitb (showing hor library to friend) : " Yes, that's Browning. It's awfully good, I suppose ; but I don't understand all of it. I liko something lighter." Friond: "And you havo Praed?" Miss Laflte (blushing a little): "Yes I have. But it didn't do any good." (Friend drops the subject) Mr. O'Flaheuty (rushing into the station just as tbe train is leaving): 'Gimme a ticket —gimme a tickot— quick !" Ticket Clerk : "Where aro you going?" Mr. O'Flaherty (enraged) : " Nouo o' your business phwere Oi'm goin'. Well, I loike yonr impudence. Gimme a ticket, quick, or Oi'll lose mo train." Mamma," ssid a beautiful maiden in tender tones oue morning at broakfaar, "Henry is coming around to-morrow night." " Woll, what of that?" said mamma, with ill— conoealed disappointment. " He's been coming every Sunday night for two years." " Very true, mamma, but neither of them was leap year," and a cold, hard, determined look spread over her lovely features. Tub Worst of Bbino too Funny.— Cheek- stoue (who is of a decidedly humorous turn) : "Is/y, old man, that wns a stuck-up sot of prigs at old Brown's last night ! By Jove, though, I did manage to score off them a bit, eh?" Host (his fervent admirer) : "I bolieve you, my boy ! They all said what a beastly little oad you were, when you'd gono. And if you'd have stopped five minutes later, you'd bftvo had a regular triumph — for old Brown was going to kick i/ou doicn stairs An " iNsrECTUE" (Scene : A Suffolk vil- lago school. Government inspector examining a class on the subject of tho Witch ot Endor and Samuel's ghost) — Government Inspector: "Well, beys, what did the Witch of Endor thiuk sho saw ?" (Pause). First Boy : "PJaze, sir, that wur an appurition." Government; Inspector: "Quito right; but what is an apparition?" '(Longer pause) Secoud Boy: "I'lnze, aur, that be a spaotur 1" Government . Inspootor: "Yes, yes, quite right again, so far; but what's a spectre?" (Prolonged pause) Bright boy (iu n wild falsetto): "Plaze, sur, that bo a goutloman as goo about cxamiuia' soules !" A teacher, to tost tlio knowledge of her littlo pupils upon the golden rule, inquired how many of thorn could repeat it. Several hands went up, and a little boy noted for his activity and brightness was permitted to answer, which ho did thus: "Do to others as others do to you 1" Ho was told that ho was wrong, apd a preciso little misB of a mild and olever disposi tion was next invited to repeat it, Sho said Bwoetly : "Do unto others as ye would that others should do uuto you." The girl sat down in triumph, but the-koy who had missed with a look of disgust rarely shown by one so young said : " I should tkiDk not 1 That won't work 1" Volunteer Drill for Bachelors.—" Fall in" lovo with somo good and industrious young woman. " Attention" pay to her faithfully aud respootfully. " Right face" in poppiug the question like a man. " Quick march" to hor parents and ask their consent. " File right" with hor to church, nnd go through tho mar riage coromony. ' " Halt," and reflect seriously upon tho now duties you havo assumed, and then perform thom. " Itight about face" from tho haunts you havo frequented when single. " Advauco arms" to your young wifo when out walking, and never leave. hor to trail behind. " Break off" staying out at night and all other bad habits if you would havo a happy home. Ij Thby ICnbw. — A certain i charitable mission . enterprise, connected with an important thnrob, Is presided over by the young assistant minister of the ohnroh, who is mnch admired for hie personal graces as well aa for hia piety and zeal in good work. Ho had boon aaaiBtod in tho work of instructing, elevating and amusing tho boys who resort to the miBsion by some good ladios of tbo parish, and particularly by a young woman whoso benevolent interest In the mission work has boen supposed to in clude the clergyman at its head. She has been indefatigable in her endeavors to teach and en tertain the boys, and often addresses them in little speeohes. The .other Sunday this young lady was speaking to the boys in tho presence of the oiorgyman. She had exhorted them to be good and studious, to avoid bad company, profanity and other demoralising things, and OlOBod her little exhortation with these words : I want you to be good boye and do all those things that I have asked you to because I love you all." "I know who you love moat!" a email boy in tho front row called out. " Well, who is it, Johnny?" asked the lady. No doubt she suspected some acouaation ot partiality among the boys which she would have been glad of on opportunity to deny. Tha boy- pointed hia small, grimy finger at the young olergyman. " Him !" he shouted. The young lady's interest in charitable work is esid to have declined visibly for some little time. Irtisit Hcmob.— If the Irish people aro tho Origin just now of most of our political woes, not so much in oonsoquenco of thoir personal failings as of tboir unfortunoto taalo in parlia mentary representatives, they at least repay us by the singular humor aliko of their com plaints and their proposed remedies. At a reoont mooting, of tho shareholders of the Wotorford and Limoriok railway, there were many furious speakers, ons of whom stated that ho disapproved of the direotora altogethor, on tho ground that thoy were always unani mous, whioh he hold to bo a most dangcroas disposition, thongh he promised to cure that particular evil if they would only elect him a direotor. Evidontly he held that, even if they were right, unanimity was a mischief, and that even a minority of one who should be in the wrong wonld remove tho mischief. But the same gentleman brought a mors serious com plaint against the company, "Ton get into the train very early," he said, " and you are delayed at every station, and in ths end yon never arrive anywhere at all." That must be the line that metaphysicians so often avail themselves of. Another Irishman, who on a visit to Dublin had been greatly struck by the eight oteome trunks beautifully decorated with ornamental nails, when a friend said to him, ."Ah I euro, you shonid buy one, Fat !" , Fat replied, " IVhat for, man?" " Why, to put your'clothos in, of course. " 1 < An' is it go naked myself ?" said Fat. Paddy's clothes philosophy does hot take into acoount the contingency of more than one suit, and regards a trunk with some jealousy, indeed merely as a competitor with himself for the possession ot the olotbes he has on.- —Spectator. 