?^^EITFUOM SATURDAY'S ISSUE:] JUGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED "THE TREASURE OF THORBURNS. BY FREDERICK BOYLE. AUTHOR OF "Ox THE BOITBER LAHD," GOOD HATFB,'* " CAMP NOTES," etc. CHAPTER XX, TU\\- LUNCH AT THORBUKNS. rr *\ltav Mrs. Godseff time for f>rei)aniig li Eldred took his guests rotind the fnff and pointed out the alterations lie in"! "V \0 entert-.iii'iment other than this A'r'\thave drawn Mr. Esking from the cares "if anxieties which pressed upon him, if ",h in heart as in face he preserred lus course. Eldved also found a warm ?'. ,t m°the lore which his guest poured "':erLS fc],e ideas he suggested. Tlior forth' d been a sacred~hing to the Sndcr from his earliest recollection, and IK- it was not less absorbing now, '"T Wind undertaken to renew its former "w Reeling desperately ignorant himself g ,,h-ked to distrust the conventional i ' 'tie" \s a matter of fact, Eldred ^better what was required than nine rcii and ninety-nine in a thousand of \ZL Englishmen who might have found = K."" in liis position. He liad tact 'fi that instructive appreciation of the t;', which belongs to a man of intel ltenci who has not been corrupted by the hwtaism of civilisation Mr Eskin" commended all his ideas for reproducing the appearance of the house as istood three centunes and a half ago ; that ' c\w5en because it was the earliest \- i-*i! .in'v sort of description could be V vLt dcal, of coui-se, Eldred had |"ll"C 0i)]'iced to reconstruct from his moral and is was flattering to learn from an antiquarian so distinguished^ that he had made no sorious error. Mr. Esking Wl3 a "(iud deal concerned about the gate towers, H'hit'h ho described as unique. Not n stone should be touched there, inside or out Eldred agreed with him, aud when his c,incurrence was established, Mr. Esking's approval of everything suggested became enthusiastic. Kate and Mendel were frankly bored by this learned talk, and the pauses for dis ieriation. They wandered afield, exploring [lie neglected shrubberies, inventing pitesijue legends, and laughing loud at their lm fancies. They reaelied the Pool Dam .ildeiiiy, and Arthur was rewarded by an s cidmrst of surprise quite as pretty and as timorous as he had hoped. In fact, the view i,i that black water sleeping fifty feet below, unseen behind a mask of trees which grew on i!ie very edge of the precipice, was startling to nerves more robust than Kate's. '. Oil, how awful!" she exclaimed, _ with eves rounded and lips parted in unfeigned ii'.rrur. "What a ghastly pit! Oh, Hilda ! Dili you know of this ?" She turned and ran with' graceful impaticnce towards the othor jwty. " Mrs. Fanshawe has discovered our Pool Rim, I suppose," said Eldred. " Come and li .k at it, Miss Esking, from tlie stoop terrace, I mean." They clambered over the ruins of the !iiui|iii'ttiiig hall, which had fallen outwards (in this side, whilst Kate breathlessly des cribed the dreadful cliasm she had seen. "Here it is," Eldred said. "I confess that this ornament to my grounds is rather a disconcerting object to come upon un prepared." " It is, indeed ! I have often seen it, you know, from tlie Tower, but a near view is much more striking. Why, Mr. Thor luim, I wonder that none of your ancestors had it drained, if only to find the Treasure. It must lie there." "Tradition says not. And besides I understand that the pool was not dug at that time. Is it not so, sir ?" I should not care to say, positively. Legend dues not toll who made it; at least, your uncle did not know." .'Indeed?" replied Eldred thoughtfully. \too£ it for granted that this work was done : t so very, very long ago. My father t'longlit so, I fancy. Anyway, Miss Esking, the Pool Dam was never associated with our Treasure." Kate had warily descended v-he steps, Arthur in attendance, of course. She came up just in time to hear this observation. " Do you really believe that funny old ble r "Most certainly, Mrs. Fanshawe." "Dear me! And are you going to hunt for the treasure ?" " As soon as I can get some necessary in formation." " May I ask what the information is?" " Certainly. I have to find out -which is the oldest portion of my house. I hope to succeed to-morrow." Eldred felt himself bound by the conven tion to lay no trap for Mr. Esking before hostilities were resumed ; and, much more, not for a guest. He did not even look to ttrds lum, until Hilda said : Papa could tell you that, I should think."' The blow was so sharp, suggesting that a clue had been found at last, her father could not quite command his face. The smile upon it became a wiry distortion, and hw voice was harshly irritable. '"A mere student in architecture could Mi 5Ir. Thorbum this wall behind us is de barren's erection. Tlie lower windows remain almost perfect - rare specimens w domestic building in the fourteenth cen t®v." , Hired looked at them. His excursions 'co antiquarian science told him that the ^'fluent was probable, and; he glanced l:-i'htfully beyond, towards the walk, un from this point of view, which led to his kighbour's garden. "}Vell I hope to know soon," lie replied, jMvinn on. Mr. Esking longed to ask how, "IJt dared not. He hoped somebody would Vw the question, but Kate interrupted. She understood, partly what was going on, and begnn _ to feel alarm at the troubles slie ,1 raised-a physical discomfort, not repen tance. Mr. Mendel says that the water is fifty | reet deep. Can that be true?" 'i(So they say."' 1 ' .^"d not a boat on it, is there 1 Suppose Hilda or I were to fall in ? What could you do! 1 "Heaven forbid! For myself, Mrs. "lisluive, I could only drown with you, for ?,c ,ve no opportunity to learn swiuimingin «uth Africa." "Tlwfc would be chivalrous, but hardly consoling. Pray get a boat, ?it least, Mr. .ihorbum." bet me suggest a drag or two, and a £! . jacket, and a copy of tho Humane ^ociety's rules for the treatment, etc.," said Meudel. I will have thorn all to-morrow," Eldred eplied with energy. " And I'm most grate , for tl]e suggestion. There was a boat here orinerly, I believe; it is lying full of water " , le 'hallows, almost beneath your garden ,l t Mr. Esking. Yery thoughtless of me ] C? ^'wlnok the chance of accident. For y'' s sake Miss Esking, come away from .1B edge. Hero is my man to announce lll^i at last." h.^Vas wondering," Hilda said, as she U«V'what could Possibly be the object . ('ogmg such a pit. It's quite artificial, isn't u!(S»pa!" 1 1 Ivilf The bed of the brook is raised n'at Vn'0 k'S.her up, which makes a little v.-a i ^ *maS'lie that when this pool heir' ^!e casea^e toy within sight, o at le^st of the banqueting liall yon t! ?llc*lt; has gradually worked back." Ejr. iV Proof that the Treasure isn't there, did'nV fourteenth century people " \ C?1'c lnuch for waterfalls." tiot s f remark,Mr. ThorburnjbutI am it is safe argument. Anyhow, .it lr.. "f ilcutting through a hill,fifty feet deep v;<>tk "Is J'ou believe, a hundred, is a (,.!r ^hicli in later ages would cost an ^ sum of money. Only eccentric tHl;inf!"aire3 c°uld dream of such an uiider n?lv' auc^ ^ may observe without ton nJu v*la' y°ur ancestors have always been eti of the country gentleman to have millions, at edmivmftd.'1 11 And what then?" Arthur asked.. " Why then, it follows that the Port Dam could only have been made by labour moro or less forced-by corvoo. If the Work could bo proved later than the abandonment of villainage, it must still be of that very early date when wages were little more than nominal." Unless," said Hilda, " the Thorburn who did it had an overpowering . motive; , He might ruin hi mself with lire tjbjcct t)f making n death-trap. 1 u The vory word I used," Arthur cried eagerly. '' Depend upon it that ugly pond was sunk for the purpose of murdering some body !" They had reached the hall door. " I am glad to cut short these speculations," said Eldred laughing. "They reflect upon my | blameless forefathers to a degree quite em- j barntssing." " Oh, I beg your pardon, Mr. Thorburn,'1 Kate began. " Don't name it-I was joking ! Will ydU ladies take oft" your bonnets V Mrs. Godseff was standing in the hall to I receive her master's visitors with due | honour. " I am curiously interested in your Pool] Dam," Hilda said, after greeting the house keeper. "May I ask Mrs. Godseff what] people used to say of it in her young | days 1" u By all means ! I hope you have a dread ful legend, mother " The Pool Dam? Ay, there was talk of I it, miss, when I was a girl. The old folks shook their heads and put us off, but now I'm an old woman myself, I'm fain to'l think perhaps they didn't know more than I others." . r '' That doesn't promise, Miss Esking. Now, mother, will you send a maid to show these ladies to a room ?" But Hilda had al- | ready taken off her bonnet without glass, and Kate, unwillingly, followed the ex ample. The lunch was so odd that Mr. Esking | noticed it, though he had even greater per plexities Upon his mind than before. " I cannot forbear to say, Mr. Thorburn, that you have found an original sort of cook," he observed. " I am hardly acquainted with I the science of antiquarian cuisine, but it vaguely seems to me that these are the kind j of dishes I read about." Arthur exclaimed* "I'nlso glad to hear I some one say that! The extraordinary flavours and combinations I have met with I in this house, will never be effaced from | memory." " The point with me is, are they nice 11 Kate said. "You gentlemen who travel and study are judges of the eccentric, but we know as well as anyone what's good, and I protest that these rissoles of fish, if rissoles of fish they be, are quite the most delicious things I ever tasted. What do you say, Hilda ?" "I agree heartily. If this is the antique I style of cooking-, papa, pray, find me some recipes for my book." "Perhaps it's South African," said Kate. " Something like it, I admit," Eldred re plied, " but vastly superior. I seem to I recognise the pure form of our fricadel in the dish you are good enough to praise, Mr3. Fanshawe. But my housekeeper is solely responsible." " Ah, Mrs. Godseff is a practical archoeologist! You must extract tho secrets of her lore, Hilda." "If Mr. Thorburn permits, we will have a long talk presently." And after lunch* whilst the gentlemen | smoked at table-Eldred had not yet learned that English ladies are supposed to dislike the smell of tobacco-she and Kate sought the venerable dame in her quarters. The draw ing-room had been assigned to her, a small j apartment oft' the hall, with its window look ing towards the front. In old times it had another, blocked up centuries ago, when the banqueting hall was built. So roughly had the work been done that naked bricks and mortar stared one in the face on entering, at | the back of a deep recess. "Dear me !' Kate exclaimed sarcastically. " It's not that Mr. Eldred don't care about ] my room, madam," said Mrs. Godseff, answering her thought indignantly. "He'd| fill the blank with gold if I wished it." " But I understood this was the drawing- | room formerly ?" Hilda remarked. " Aye ; look at tho ceiling." It had been whitewashed and repaired, as well as a country upholsterer could do it, before Mrs. Godseff came into occupation. But Kate only saw an old-fashioned arrange- ] ment in plaster. " What are we to look at in the ceiling she asked innocently. " That's took to be the finest work in I England, madam, executed by the Italian artists who carved the mantel-piece in ? the hall. And I can recollect when every bit of furniture and plenishing in the room matched it. Ah, sad changes ! For the old window-nook there, it was filled with a book case, that poor Captain Thorburn sold in London for seven hundred and twenty-five | pounds, not counting the books in it, which your papa bought, miss." "Well, the good times have come again, Mrs. Godseff, and that must be a great com fort to you. I want to hear all you know | about the pool Dam, and other things. Now, sit down and tell us stories." " But where are we to sit ?" Kate asked, disconsolately, looking at the worm- eaten chairs, clean now, but colourless with ages of | dust and ndglect. " They're quite safe, madam, and if old bones am sit easy oil 'em, young ladies | should be comfortable." " Of course, Kate ! and Mrs. Godseff has | her own chair which I used to admire at the ] cottage. Now, begin." " I must say that circumstances less favour able for the proper enjoyment of a ghost | story were never designed ! How could one possibly thrill and all that at 3.30 p.m., sit ting bolt upright like a poker on wires ? Tell us, Mrs. Godseff, which is the oldest | part of this awfully venerable building V, " The oldest part ? why do you ask ?" "Mr. Thorburn wants to know," Hilda said. " \Ve were talking of it." " And why does he want to know ?" Mrs. Godseff seeemed strangely interested in the question. She tapped her stick upon tho floor imperiously, and her features ( fl-orked with senile anger. Dear me!" said Kate again, but with I another significance. " Mr. Thorburn seems to think," she added, watching tho dame, "that the family Treasure is buried under I the oldest part of this house." "Ah, Miss Hilda,'he'll listen to you ! Beg him, for the Lord's sake, to put that out of I his mind. Tho treasure has been ruin to his ' forefathers, and will be to him ! Ruin it | was to tho man who had it; ruin to the man to every man who searched for it-ruin, ruin, ruin to all ! Don't let Eldred go the way so many of 'em have gone ! Ask him, Miss Hilda, for your sake, to throw it off ! I look back over a many years, and us Godseffs I have served Thorburns faithful from father to 1 son mother to daughter, since there was Thorburns in the land ! Never nought but mischief came of the Treasure ! I beg of you Hilda, to put it so before him, in the words you could use ! He'll heed you !" "Dear'me." Kate exclaimed, for the third time, with yet another tone. Hilda did not blush nor pale. " I do not understand, Mrs. Godseff, why you should suppose that Mr. Thorburn would heed me I know absolutely nothing of the matters you refer to, and if I did it would be very impertinent to offer advice.' The old woman made no reply for a mo ment, gazing in Hilda's face:-then shook her head Kloomily! "What must bo, must! I ve said my say, Tvriqci Hilda and you've heard. What was it you askedfmadam ? Oh aye, about the Pool ^a"When was it made and why V' » I have heard 'twas a John Thorburn who did it, and if your father has got the family tree as used to hang in the hall he could tell you when lie lived Things have hap pened in the pool, but the lady there "Mrs Fanshawe," Hilda suggested. _ i "Yes miss. She would like something i by way'of a ghost story ? Thorburns was never folks for such. I've heard Lord Box ton say', in this room, that it's odd. there shouldn't be the ghost of a gliost about such a ghostly old place as this-tliat was the grandfather of his Lordship now. Bnt there isn't, so far as I've been told." _11 The Thorburns have always been quiet, virtuous persons 1" Kate said. '' Nay ! Enough of :cm have been wicked, and enough of 'em have come to an awful ending to. people the neighbourhood with ghost,s; T|icrt» Ms Ralph Thorburn; <w I was jnst thinking' of. He mantled a aliip and fought agin the Spaniard, and the Queen knighted him. Then he asked of Her Majesty's grace to give him the heiress of Genest of the Warrenage, who, as was well be-known, loved a young man of fcho Bohuns. But the Queen gave her to Ralph, for it was the custom of those times that an heiress belonged to the Crown. And three days after the marriage her body was found in the Pool Dam." " Good Gracious" Kate exclaimed. 11 Did she drown herself ?" 1 Of course, she did,. madam ! But there Was talk, and in the end Ralph restored the Warrenage property to the heir-at-law. He went to sea again and was lost in a fight:" " A three volume novel in Half a dozen sentences ! You are an excellent story- teller, Mrs. Godseft". Pray let us have some more." " It was before Ralph's time, I think, that the heir-I don't mind his name-was play ing on the terrace with Jim Godseff, who was one of us, but not my forefather. They fell over. Eldred Thorburn stood by, talk with Sir James Bohun. He jumped in, caught young Godseff, and brought him to the steps, forgetting that the children was dressed alike, being foster-brothers. When Eldred saw liis mistake, lie pitched Jim bask as far as he could throw ! Sir Janids Bohun saved him, but the heir was drowned." j j "Decidedly I withdraw my opinion that the Thorburns have always been quiet and virtuous. Please go on !" "Haven't you any pretty legends ?" Hilda asked. " Not that I mind just now, miss--of the Pool Dam, that is. Oh, it's told that a young lady was sitting on the parapet-I don't know who she was, nor when it happened. The wind snatched of her top-knot and dropped it in the Pool, Hig Thorburn was standing besida j her. He plunged, and in doing, or after wards some way, put his foot out of joint. He brought the top-knot back, but lamed for , life. I suppose doctors couldn't cure him." "But he married the young lady, I hope V' I "I never heard of it." "Then," Hilda exclaimed, " I feel sure it's a true story !" " What an odd name, Hig. It's short for j something, I suppose 1" " No madam. There have been several Higs. in the family. Tho great grandfather I of Mr. Eldred ivllo is now, tvas christened i so." "'He was very fast, wasn't he?" said Hilda. "I think I have heard that the ruin of the family began with him." "It's true, miss! Eh, dear! What wild times they wore when I first came to help my mother in this house !" She paused in dark reflection. "Mr. Thorburn's great grandfather: Why, he must have been very old when you were very young," Kate said. "Old in years, but the devil kept him young for mischief! His son Miss Hilda was a weakling, and so was his grandson that's Captain Thorburn. No one dared say nay to Hig. And so it all came about." i "What came about?" "Why-the devilry, for short! The younger grandsons, Ralph and David, had spirit. They looked down on their elder brother in a way, and when they got short of money they dug for the Treasure, and knocked half his house down." " Why didn't you stop them, Mrs. Godsoff. "I was a wife then, miss, though I hadn't to change my name, marrying my cousin. And we was living far from this neighbour hood, in Leicestershire. It was when my husband died I came. back, and Captain Thorburn gave me tho cottage. Ah, I little hoped to be housekeeper at Thorburns j again !" "You belong to the place like its ivy. All these legends and recollections will be lost when you go. They should be written down, Mrs Godseff, and I wish I could help. We must leave you now," Hilda added, " grateful for a most interesting talk. I have to ask you at the same time for another sort of recollections. We are all delighted with the old world dishes served at lunch, which, Mr. Thorburn says, are your making. Will you let me have the recipes ?" " Certainly miss, and with pleasure. They were my mother's and her mother's, and back time out of mind. I can't make 'em as they should be made, for our cook is not up to the old fashion; and, besides, I haven't the herbs and things by me yet. But the recipes are at your service. And, Miss Hilda, I don't ask you to do it again, but if the chance comes, or if you can strain a point, beg of Eldred to leave the Treasure alone. Do, now !" " But why not urge it yourself ?" "Ah, lie's Thorburn, every inch! D'ye think he mind me 1 It would be a laugh j and a joke first-if I went on he"d walk off -and then a black look and a' sharp word. But he'd mind you." Hilda blushed now, and retired without giving a promise. i They found Eldred and Mendel alone. I The former said, " Mr. Esking could not i wait, and he entrusted us with the pleasing duty of escorting you." Just a little sur prised, Hilda put on her bonnet. The truth is that Mr. Esking could not repress his anxiety to learn by what means j Eldred proposed to find which was the ' oldest part of his house'; how he had como to suspect that the Treasure lay there, might boa question deferred. Not many authorities were capable of pronouncing-if on authorities he relied. Tho Clock Tower | might well bo ovorlooked, for its upper floor and roof hud been rebuilt many generations since, and the more ancient courses of stone were mantled with ivy. Mr. Esking could think of one man alone in England who might pronounce at a glance, and one other alone who would detect the truth to a certainty if he gave his full attention. There was no need for " finesse" in ascer taining what method Eldred designed. He said at once, in answer to a circuitous sug gestion : "I'm expecting a gentleman to-morrow whose name, I understand, is known to you, laince his father refers in a note to "my learned neighbour's valuable contributions to our society." Does that give you any hint1," " I am very dull. What is the name "The father's is Sir Richard Onslow-I am not yet acquainted with the son's." All would be over in twenty-four hours ! Genest had deserted him, and if he had not gone over to- the enemy, his support could not be relied upon. And Wace Onslow was at hand. Within twenty-four hours he would bo prying round, his musings aided and accompanied by that everylasting caekle of laughter which antiquarian savaus know so well. About this time on the morrow they would rise front lunch, probably. Mr. Esk ing saw. the whole incident in his mind's eye. Wace Onslow would not overlook the Gate Towers. Within an hour, tho pavement would be up, or if Eldred waited till the workmen left, it would bo up before dinner. And then - how could he have bean so reckless as to bury odd and ends of rubbish in filling the hole ! The whole fabric of Mr. Esking's defenso broke up and dissolved. If it were not yet proved that Thorburn had a Treasure, the evidence would suffice to show that somebody had been digging on his ground within a reoont time. And then, all the testimony of footmarks, of tho besom, and the rest would como in. Thorburn had a case at last, and George Genest was not trustworthy. It was nearly all over indeed 1 Not even Mr. Esking's nerve was proof against this terrible "threat. He could not command himself, and after a few efforts to sustain the conversation, rosasuddenly, com plaining of illness. Eldred fetched the key of the garden gate, and took him that way j home. He said, as they went, in a graveand gentle manner: "If you have anything to propose, Mr. Esking, anything !-that I can accept, it la not too late now, nor over will be, so.lung as I civn control events ! I ask only my own !" "I liave nothing to say !" They parted at the cloor. As the party of yrung people strolled along the line, they fell into the order which had become almost habitual-Eldred and Hilda in front, Kate and Mendel far in rear. Each couple found ail absorbing topic, bufc we are concerned only with the former. " Do you know," Hildii began, " that the j dear old soul you call 'mother' is very anxious j about you ? She let us see as much to-day; I and I think it neighbourly to tell you, Mr. i Thoi'burn." | Eldred looked down at her with stern in ! 1u_iry, but to suspect this pure and noble I | being was impossible. His brow cleared. " Iknow sheis concerned about my interest I in the Treasure. Is that it ?" '' Yes. She says it has brought ruin, ruin, ruin, to all of you, and if that's tlxe case, wouldn't it be wiser to leave the thing! alone f " .Clearly !" lie said laughing, "But the! i good old creature refiises tp sfiow iiaVr a j thing .Svhich Has never been discovered lias j brought ^ rum to' anybody; I have invited ) lier to make out her case often, .but the evi dence is not forthcoming. Did she lay it before you ?" . "I must confess that I took her assertion!) for granted. She knows so much, that I did j not think of doubting." I " Persuade her to tell tho facts that bear ; upon this matter. I assure you, Miss Esk ing, that-1 have 110 wish to be ruined. On the production of any reasonable case, showing that to look for niy own propert}', left by my ! forefathers to a descendant who must hand it down to future generations of liis name-if it can be proved that this object, which seems to me laudable, and indeed a duty, is mistaken, I will give it up. But not till then; emphatically, not till then !" " You have a strong sense of your rights, Mr. Thorburn !" Ho knit his brows again, seeking if there might be a purpose In the remark. Her eyes met his this time, not faltering but replying. He answered, gravely: I suppose that men who have led my life come to regard their right's as doubly sacred, and their wrongs as doubly grave. In a poor country, Miss Esking, where many foes surround one, these things are not mere questions of law and property, as in England. Life depends on them sometimes, and always the means of existence. So perhaps we conic to take what happier folks would call an exaggerated view of things." "I understand that," said Hilda, in a tone of relief unmistakable. After all, perhaps, this grievance against her father, which George in his excitement suggested as so grave, was a matter which English people would think trifliiig: Eldred recognised tlie change, aiid pride-, loyalty; resentment, all took alarm. "Don't make too much of what I have said with regard to any special instance. Perhaps I might bo too exacting in certain circumstances, but there is no such case hero." "Hilda caught him up. "Where?" she asked eagerly. Eldred paused, dis concerted. " I believe, Mr. Thorburn-I have beeii told that you charge my father with taking advantago of you ?" "I am grieved and surprised that you should have heard any such thing. May I ask who was so indiscreet and so heartless as to tell ?" " My father had the right to do so, and since you associate Mr. Genest in the accus ation, I am grateful to him for confirming my suspicions. Now, I come to you." " But if you know, what occasion is there to ask further ?" "I do not know? They gave me hints, but nothing more. Tell me all the truth." But, think ! Would it be becoming in me to make a confidence your father refuses? I cannot say a word, Miss Esking. Don't press me, I beg. It is impossible !" '' Now tell me this. You make an accusation -you assert that my father has wronged you seriously, and yet you go to his house, you' entertain him, you talk and laugh together. Explain that. " It will suffice, perhaps, to point out that Mr. Esking knows the charge, yet he comes to my house, he entertains me, and we chat together. Ask the explanation of him." No ! He may have motives ; you can have none. He may wish to keep on terms; but you are the accuser. Or, as I believe, he may think your idea too absurd for serious attention." "That is not the case. It was I who proposed that we should be friendly. I felt the motive." " What.was that?" "I let you see it once, Miss Esking ; and it vanished. But the compact remains until I am in position to prove my words. The end may come shortly now. To- morrow, perhaps, I shall be able to do so." "To-morrow? To-morrow, you are hoping to find which i3 the oldest part of your Ikjusc-where the Treasure lies ! Is there any connection between that fact and the charge you make against my father?' He was silent, bitterly regretting his care-' less speech. " If you do not answer, I shall know there is." " What is the use of this, Miss Esking ? I Within a few hours probably all will be cleared up. I will say this-if the trial I ex pect to-morrow fails, I will not pursue the matter further. I stake all on that, for I have suffered, and I sufler keenly now." "You accuse my father of stealing the Treasure-that is it? Deny, sir, if you can! Yon cannot, ! And with this suspicion you dared to say you loved me, the daughter of a tliiof V' 11 would lovo you," he said, with a gust , of passion, " if you were the daughter of a murderer." "Then I understand it all now, for I : understand you, Mr. Thorburn, and I despise j you. You charge my father with theft! You, whose sense of honour is so dull, that, accusing him as you do, you are willing to ally yourself with him, to condone his infamy, and treat him with respect for the sake of a girl' It is enough ' If I could | suppose for a moment that he was guilty, this -would show tho truth." " It is but a little time to wait!" Eldred | answered, pale and fierce. "But I must correct you in ono point. It was never , suggested that I gave up my rights, or abated one tittle of them, if I won you !" ' What 1 You would still have prosecuted my father ?". "Prosecuted, no ! But I did not put you . one scale and -justice in the other." " Call it what you please ! If the proof | you expect is forthcoming, though at that moment I had promised to be your wife, you would have gone on ?" "How could I do otherwise ?" " And what part was I to play under those circumstances ?" " I know not-but my duty was plain. They had reached the front door of Little Thorburns, and parted without a word. ' Hilda learned that Mr. Esking had ordered the carriage at once, and started for the Warrenage. (To ba Continued.) 