THE YOUNGEST MISS GREEft Br F. W. EoBtNSOfr. Author of " Grandmother's Mosey," "Iazuus in London," "Courting of Mary Smith," " ninety nue, Datk-etreet," "No Chuich," <&c.;, Sk. CHAPrER \L-[Conduded.) Meanwhile, George Tyson had caught sight of Miss Sherwood, and started .off in her direction. She had entered the room leaning on the arm of Mies Bas table, and was already surrounded by visitors congratulating her on her rect.very, and atking her innumerable questions Vanda Sherwood caught sight of ber admirer also, coming towards her across the polished floor at a swingiug pace, aud arrested his further progress by a very expressive lock, which gave out the old signal, " Don't worry"—tbe cry which bad escaped her before their interview bad terminated only a little while ago. He turned aside and plunged into the recess of one of the windo ws, Hhere he etood watching and waiting his tmn— apparently calm enough, but with hiB heart under his drese-shirt indulging in all kinds of awkward and uncomfortable jumps. Vanda Sherwood was dressed in white, that contrasted well with a purple mantle of India work :on which glittered mnch gold thread If she hsd not been known at the Sceptre Hotel as tbe heiress, one might have made a good guess at. it by the diamonds in her ears, round her neck, and glittering in a serpent-likt coil upon her ltft wrist. There was no lack of display in the jewellery department ; even the fan she. carried had rubies ana tui queues studding .the ivory of \- which tbe lower portion was made. " Here's little Sherwood, after all," George Tyson beard a voice say olose at his ear ; "as bright as ever, too. I wonder if she's going to dance! ' " No chance fcr yon. old m uj, if she is." "Don't you think Adonis will let me, Jack?" *' Adonis has not turned up. I think there is a ecrew loose .in that direction; he ba« discovered be is not everybody, after all. 1 hate tbat fellow." " Oh ! he's not such a bad sort.' And then the two young lads—for they were bnt lads—strolled off arm in arm ; and George Tyson glared in their direction, an<i .tbouk.ht.be should like to have a good kick at them btfoie they got out of his range. That was tile worst,.he thought, of 'such a place as this, where one oould not Move without .hearing something to tbe praiae or. > dispraise— generally; the latter—Df people whom one knew, respected, loved j. where one existed in an atmoephcre of frivolity and bad taste, and onb's eatb rang with the irresponsible chatter of gairulous ignorance. : Another waltz had began, and he maintained bis attitude <of reserve, watching his opportunity and - biding _ his . time. Wben evei ybody was preoccupied, Vanda looked towards him and nodded He took it as a gracious permission to approach her, and eidli-d cautiously round in her direction. Vanda and Mies Bastable were sitting side by side, and there - waa a vacant seat by Vanda's side, into which George Tysot dropped. " I, thought you were going to keep me at 'arm's ieugth al* the evening, Vanda/' he said, breathing an immense sigh of relief ae he composed himself. . "1 did botwant yon. to oome rushing like a mad bull at jne the instant I came ioto the room. It looked always- ridiculous," she caid. - " so far as I am conctsned I have not had tbe chance of looking ridiculous yet," he answered, despondently. No; that's true " " You ocn't feel any the worse for venturing downstairs, I hope?" he asked anxously; " all this—this bigh jinks—does not disturb you, bewilder you, after so much rest?" "Not-at all. I am quite well—quite strong." ." You loik -very well, bat"' " But what?" came.the quick enquiry. " But we kbould bave been so muoh mate comfortable upstairs. I could have read to you-01" "Sung to ire, or played piquet. Yer, tbaak jou. George; ycu oould have been very npetal, if I had been as ill as you witbed." "As,I wished ! Vasdj, what do you irean? What is the muter with you to tight?" "I don't know," was the petulant answer; "nothing, is there? I have had my own wsj, and don't like it, perhaps, after all. i wish I had not come down—people have made snoha fuBs over me; all so surprised, 1 tuppoBe, that I bave not been brougut in oa a litter, like a—like a Guy Fawkes." "Like aa Indian princess, Vanda, whotu you resemble to-night Upon my honour, yon do," he cried admiiiugly. " I don't flatter people. I hate flattery, you know." "I don't know anything about it. I think you say what you mean generally," she 'said, fluttering her fan. " I remember you said once tbat I looked horrid in red, bat that was only to vex me, 1 suppose." , "I wouldn't vex you, Vanda, for all the world." " Oh, I daresay not. , Have you seen your aunt?" *' No; ebe would not receive me." "Wonld not? So offended as that—so implacable 1" " I do not think she is either, bat she cent word that ehe would be glad to aee me at breakfast to-morrow morning at 10 ; that she was tired this evening—very tired; and that ehe expected a gentleman from Loudon on business of importance." " Too many exensee, George," said Vanda, lightly; "and that is always a bad sign of the genuineness of the reason3 put forward. Is it not. Miss Baetable ? 1 Miss Bustable set in motion a sixpenny black paper fan in ber turn, compressed ber lips for an instant, as if not liking the remark, and taking it to herself somewhat, then smiled, inclined her head graciously, loosed at our hero rather than at her young mistress, and said, " I think bo, I have always thought " And said so," added Vanda Sherwood. " And said so, too, very likely " responded the companion. • George Tyson glanced from one to tbe other, but both were smiling and affable, as if no pat sage of arms were being interchanged, and which he more than half Buspected. Wben the waltz was over the conversation was broken in upon by newcomers to their side, by fresh and numerous enquiries from people who had sot yet had tbe opportunity of speaking to Miss Sherwood, by young men armed with introductions from M.C.'a who were cot aware that she had been ill and was only now in the convalescent stage; young men who bad been attracted by her beauty—dazzled even by the diamonds, a few of them. George Tyson wore an nnhappy expression whilst these people hovered near him and the object of bis affections. He had to hear every word and profess not to hear, and to stare blankly before him, audi as he confessed to himself, look altogether like a confounded idiot. And Vanda waB very gracious and charming, grateful for and pleased at all kind enquiries, and smiling .almost her regrets at ths young men who haa solicited the honour of her hand for the nex dance, and had backed themselves awaj again on the tips of their patent boots, looking submerged in sorrow, and as if it were a little doubtful whether they would be able to survive the disappointment. "As if those fools did not know it wasdangerons for yon to dance," said our herv petulantly. " They don't know. Neither do I." "EH?" "I don't believe it would do me the slightest harm, only I promised that stupid Doctor GolUcker to keep very quiet," she said. "Wbat is 'keeping very quiet,' George ? Dancing a quadrille?" " Dancing a quadrille!" hs repeated. "Sheer madness 1" "lam very mad to night." "Are you, though? Well, then, if you really are determined, Vanda, and you are quite sure it is not against all the rules prescribed, there is a side couple wanted over there, and" "I am not going to dance. Have I not just said so, George? If you would only understand me a little more clearly.' " If I only could 1" responded George Tyson, with a sigh. Then a quadrilie was commenced, and George, Vanda Sherwood, and Miss Baetable sat Bide by side in silence, and watched attentively the evolutions of the dancers—at least two out of the three did. Vanda Sherwood fell into deep thought presently and stared hard at the windows opposite, where were the white faces behind the glass, seen against the light—the faces of watchers in the garden ground before the Sceptre Hotel. " I often wonder why those outside people care to look ih upon life they do not understand, or on pleasures they cannot share," said Vanda suddenly. " There are one or two girls with ghosts' faces who come night after night and peer in wistfully as at Paradise—poor girls from some factory about here. They make my heart sink veiy often, and yet I dare say they are happy enough. Happier than I am," " What fs to make you unhappy, Vanda ?" asked our hero. " What makes most people unhappy ? Not having their own way, is it not ?" " But you have yours," (raid George Tyson. " Never. I am thwaittd at every turn. There is nothing as 1 could wish it should bs! People like to vex me. lower me in my own estimation, set other folk against me, treat 16 like—like—oh! I have no patience." Tbe ostrich- feather fan was waved to and fro with great rapidity. "Never mind," said George Tyson, consolingly ; " it's all fancy, Vanda, depend upon it." "My dear Miss Vanda," whispered Mias Unstable, some few minutes afterwards, when George Tyson was looking in another direction, " 1 think I would attempt to be a little more composed, if 1 were you." " Why does he keep away like this ?'' eame the quick whisper back; " to let me see that I am nothing in his estimation ?—to—to"—— : " Hush, hush—Mr. Tyson will hear you." " Wbatdoes it matter ?' " And—Mr. Linfold does not keep away," \- id Miss Bustable. "He is in the garden yonder, looking at you through the wiuoow." " Which window?" "The one to the left. He has been there some time now; he" At tbe same moment came the deep voice of onr hero. " By George t there's Linfold outside, smoking. I was wondering what hid become of him. Wbat is he glowering in at us like ah ogre for ?" " Have you spoken to him, George, since joor arrival?" enquired Vanda. *' Not yet," was the reply. " I stw him at dinner, but he was a long way off" " Why don't you go to him?—it looks fritndly." "Does it? HI go, then." And <o«orge Tyson wsa off at onoe. He was a man very regardless of his own health, as of appearances In general. . It did not strike him as a proceeding at all out of the commrn way that be should march out of the hotel into the front garden just as he had left the ballroom, bare headed and in evening aresB. Certainly.it was warm nAagaBt weather, when folk properly constituted do cot readily take cold, and George Tyson did not know wlnt It was to be ill. He had t-plendid health to"match asplendid physique, and eo was a lucky fellow. He went rourd to tbe window at which he had seen Mr. Linfold last, but the object of his search was not there. Tbere were a fesv luriousfolk peering in and evidently enjoying a very pleasant evening, but there was ao Alan Linfold, whom Vanda thought he was (-lighting. "He bas slipped into the ballroom whilst I was coming rpund to him|"" mustered' our bero. looking'through the window himself to make sure. No; Vanda and Miss- Bustable were bitting together, juet as be bad lefttbeuvand tbe quadrille was proceeding, 'and there was uo Linfold that b^coula see. Suddenly Linfold'u voice behind him (there WBt no n is taking that clear and resoniut voice—a masterful voice it was) caused Tj son to bw ing himself round 'No; not to- morrow," the voic*bad said. " Why not to-mouuw ?'' asked a ferule voice in quick reply. "Impossible." " Tbe nextday, then ? You wiR write the utxt day? Tnink of the suspense—the iiiitery—the shame of io—th^."—— Hush.-hush—I think of it all." Then Alan Linfold and a young woman, cloaked and "bonneted, walked into the shadows towards the gieat-outer g&tes;, aud George Tyson, looking after them, exclaimed half eitud in his astonishment— : " By Jove 1 Old Green's cUo^hter, or I'm dreaming," B 