CLAUD ARCHER'S MISTAKE. Bi R. L. Chapter XVII THE OLD LOVE. Just before the events of the last chapter Cuthbert had said good-bye to Holly, and had gone £o Sussex to bring his aunt, Mrs. Carruthen&'np totbe wedding. ^She|p»'Uw mothtffejuster, and hia only near illative, bntAeMmely knew her, for shi^h&muriea;&nd; jjg5neto India before be was bqrivaud hod (^y^eturned to England some^^cee years ago.ipn the death of her She waanotgich, jsnt ehe had enough to liv&oomfdrtAbly; on, arid-riot caring for town life hgl taught a pretty little plate in the coantty:' Cuthbert had ran down to see her occa sionally, and liked her exceedingly. Conse quently, when he was about to be married he bad asked her, as a great favour, to break through ber nsual habit of life, and to come up to London to be present at his quiet wedding. She had consented, and he was to take her up to towu, and see her comfortably installed there. It was about fonr in the afternoon when he arrived at the railway station in Sussex. He threw hiB bag into a fly, and told the man to drive to tireenacrea- lodge, which was the name of hiB aunt's place. He was never able to account fur the gtfcjjpgepervona exciieraent that ' >f lti in on the way. He had fapmKUmlmatibnget out and walk or rem,'we horse's pace seemed so intolerably " What is.at'the end of Hie drive to mak£me so furiously auxioua to get to it? An old annh AgOod old soul, but still only an aqrit, -X might be a lover harrying to meet bis beloved. A young lover, too. One who could feel as I once felt—bow long ago? A I century it seems. And yet I love Molly; Mpt as I once loved, perhaps; but that belongs to the past, the past I have done with aud must forget. Here we are at last." ~ V The fly had pulled np before an iroif gnte way. git child ran ont of a neat ljjttie lodge andopfened the gate. The drive ww rather na*row, very winding, and borderedbn mtbe£ aide by fine olj lreea " Ffbpkhtly ibfy came upon the hotw, %hi.tb_ rather au^k in a hollow. ItTOmSio-i ■ , ed onlyofid rambling, as it appfeated^b ve been added to here, there, lUadeveiy ,t lere. .«4ir-y ■' ■■■>'■ V* ■' ■/,; " " Jf|hithb^|Ml:bQt of thefly. and asheatood In the dltafwnight of the winter evening fie heard tbe aound of a piaoowithin, and g woman's voice singing " When Sparrow* Build.** . - vySt'r .. The voice/affected him eoTOzan||ely thRt he stood. Jw|t4raUe qmte regardless ot the cabman, .■'fhpjWk waiungforjbiBf^ 7 « " Whata tool I am 1" he thbbghtpiadenly m rousing himself." Wbatie thematter w hae?' ' y ' \\-.f .• *!&.>: He paid the man and d%niijWl Jum land then, in answer to his summons, « aerVant opened the door. - > . , ' ! "Well, Jones," he said, nodding to bim, ' is your mistress in the drawingroom ?" " Yes, sir," was the reply, and Cuthbert, unannounced, went in. Am he entered he saw a lady rise from the piano, look at him, whilst he answered his aunt's greeting, and then, quickly" and' quietly, go into the conservatory. The room was so dark to him, coming in from tbe open, that be could not make out the features of tbe lady. He could only Bee that her face was small and white, and that she was very tiny in figure. " Who was that, annt?" he asked, with a strange Bensation again taking possession of him. "Mrs. Murray," and Mrs. Carruthers turned to look for her. "She has left the room," said Cuthbert. " Who and what is she ?" "She is a little widow who came from India with me—or rather from Ceylon, for she joined the steamer there. She had beeu living in Singapore, I think." " Strange 1" murmured Cuthbert ' What is strange?" " Nothing, aunt I remember now to have heard yon speak of her. She has stayed with yon before. " Oh, yea. I like her. She is rather ec centric, but very original and clever, and kind-hearted, too, althongb sho would be very much annoyed if she heard me say bo. She rather poses as a monster. By tbe wav, she insists upon my staying with her whilst I am in London, and will go up to town with as to-morrow evening. Aud now. Cotbbert I want to talk to yon about yourself and Molly, i am sure I shall be very fond of her* At this moment the man brought in lamps and tea. Cuthbert could have sworn that he saw the flutter of a dark dress in the con servatory, and nervously and hurriedly he crossed the drawingroom, and entered it. As hastily 80 6 d°°r ftt the °th6r eUd d0Bed "Jhe &««*, then," he thought " I wonder if abee mad. ''Tell Mrs. Murray tea is in," said Mrs. Carrotbers, and in a fewminuter the man retorned to say ahe could not be ioaud,-bpt: that her maid had said she thought Mrs. Murray had gone for a walk. "At least I shall see her at dinner," thought the young man, his curiosity now aroused. At dinner-time, however, Bhe did not ap pear, but sent a meseage that she had a bad headache and had gone to bed. Mrs. Carruthere seemed quite used to this sort of thing on the part of her goest. " She is mot strong," she said' apologetic ally, "and her spirits are very variable, nfe had a great trouble in her life, the deathml her husband. She never speaks of it, I'm sure it nearly broke her heart," Once during dinner Cuthbert conld have aworn he saw a pair of gleaming eyes fixed upon him, from between the heavy curtains that divided the great bow of the window from the room. His impulse was at once to rise snd dtitr the curtains apart, but he concluded' hu ' imagination was playing him tricks, and re strained himself. v. After dinner be sat for an hour with: hiS aunt, and then Bbe retired, telling him fad. would find a fire in the library if be wbuld like to sit np and smoke. # f * " In the library he found the spirit stacd fend cigars on the table and a bright fire blakihg on the hearth. He sat in a big leather arm-chair, feeling unusually cold and "de pressed. "Just in the humonr to see a ghost," be thought " Indeed, I have been more or leas haunted all the evening." There was no Bound in the room but the crackling of the logs, and a mysterious, oc casional creak or crack, such as furniture Beems to delight in giving forth when it gets us alone. Regardless of the creatnre comforts on the table by his side, Cuthbert sat gazing into the fire, scarcely thinking, but letting liis mind wander over the past as it would. The wamth,t%atiltne6S,bnd«he«aBe of his position gradfiiulytook: effect and from waking dreams Cuthbert glided off into those of sleep. He was aroused by the sensation that Bomebody was looking at him,aodon opening bis eyes beheld a little lady dteSBffljn white Btanding before him. Her face Was very pale, and her large eyes full of tea re. He thought be wsb dreaming, and did not move—indeed, was afraid to breathe, lest she Bhould vanish from his sight. "Ah, Cuthbert," she said, in a voice' that bis ears had often longed to hear, "have you forgotten me, quite ?" "My God, Madge! Can It be you?" ex claimed Cuthbert, now thoroughly awake. " Yes—Madge I" she replied, sinking into a chair, and bursting into tears. " 1 know all. 1 know you love somebody else, that you are about to be married, bnt 1 am not here to inflict myself upon yon, Cuthbert. I will go away, and you shall never see me again, and if 1 conld die 1 would." He did not answer her for a moment, but stood gazing almost stupidly at her. She seemed to him like the,creation of a dream as she sat there before him. Did he hate ber for thus suddenly sppear ing to disturb his new plan pflife? By no means. He felt, even In his^wUdcrmedt^ the old aUrection ns Its lopked into tier beautiful, earueetgrey eyes, andvrtthesmall brunette face, "with its passionate mouth. She had'faded home what from, nis mind in the lastr Jew *^kfl, bot vib#tliat she was again before him lie felt ndcihet woman could ever have been to him what this tiny, wilful little creature was. " My darling !" lie exclaimed, dropping on his knees by her chair, and putting his arm round her; " it is the joy of seeing yon again that has overpowered me. I cannot realise it—it is so strange !" " 1'ben yon really thought I was dead?" " Thought you dead ? Of course I did, and even now 1 am not anre it is not yonr dear titttegthost I am talking to. Why, 1 saw you in after you." ^ you were drowned, and we ha«i)gMSoffejbeen living for four long within^wcfy^c^^one fit was a . ll&'sL ige, kb^iqatot ' have . „ hue becottj&S;^ile andwiddw aincej \- "Ob/Cutbberfc how J believe me capable ?! ® have not befen a wilbj but when I .returned * would maker " "* Mrs. instead to maity.and. wid^iffl 'iWj J", poaittph that wohld aftbw .jfiiit' mote it pendence.Vpf action, and, as you knovf, ! geaerslly f oliow my own advice. JJxceptto mystapmutlier and to Mr. Bjo^^yeoli citor. l returned to Epgltuid Mra. Murray. And now.Cnthbert, tblfl marriage of yours —'will itgoonf'.< \- ■ .V ^ "1 dor. t know, Madge," and Cutbb&t; rose andcxcitedly paced the room. " ^CTjnoet decideit-4he|drl^fl»l«r,ei0^^ they bhall hear jpjr story—h^:.3towli)i|S|»!:'. b" pbbr £iri .iJu til M?t. «Tml II ' ber to learu that yon love another/woman- "■ : " 1 don't think so." Cuthbert spoke rather grimly. " It has been a very one- sided afi'air throughout." " Do you mean the love bos been all oa your Bide ? Oh, I am jealous 1" " You need not be. I loved her for her beauty, for she is a beauty, not an absurd little creature like you; but I love you for yourself. Are you satisfied T' " Well, I don't know." And then they both laughed like children, quite forgetting for the momentxfae difficult ties of the morrow. . . m "But, Madge," said Cnfhbert; '^pxplaiq this mystery ,to me. How * and bow came you here f; "I will, Cuthbert; Ijgt., knees, and let us alt i am nearly frozen." j 