t91bovcli it. A Late Repentance; OR, THE LITTLE WHITE HAND. tjy MFRS. 3IaRIY A. DENISON. CIIA'TER XX[I le)aW sIIALL I oUnDECEIVE nou? The room to which they repaired was IEO. iinae' in which she gonerlty sat to read or A:o. Adjoining that was her bedroom, from ,,hich led her dressing-room. Every op ,oir.tment about the suit was perfect. The ;rall were fresc'od in blue and gold-the iold so palc and faint that it seemed to well oat of the blue. All the furniture was in pale satin or brocade-the decorative part in fine natie- wood. Ioiine still held her letter out of eight. Laura tried to lead to the subject, but Isoline 1:pt to hr secret. "Da you know, I've just fancied that you c.re sweet on Lieutenant Stanhope?" queried laura, at last, driven to desperation. " I:-on that little puppy, of all things I" cried Ieline explcsively. "Why, LTura,yeu ee-t be out of your wits I" " Well, if you could have seen yourself just now; II was asked by at least oneif thelicu tcnant was'at making a declaration." "What fools they must be!" exclaimed Ioline, gavagely. "Yes, thr.t's what I have found the people in sectoty to be," replied Laura, demurely. " 1at for all that you did turn as white as a shcet. I happened to be looking your way, .nd for a moment I thought you would SIow very kind of you to be observing me cc closely ;" "Not at all," said Laura, ignoring the irouy. "We can't help our eyes; they will sea things that others would rather they wouldn't." " Why, what el=e did they say ? Pray tell me." " Nothing much I only that the lieutenant gavr you a letter." " Well, yes, he did-a letter from one sup posed to be dead and gone. What wonder I was somewhat unnerved. ?" " Dead and gone 1" Laura ran the needle ;nto her finger with the etart she gave. The h'tord spurted out, and came near staining the white satin of Isolinc's dress. Sh'e wrapped her hankerchief about it. "Dead and gone?" o-he repeated mechanically, •" Yes. I see you will have it, and I sup -seo I tamy as well te!l you. lr. Danniston was saved from the wreck." "Saved from the wreck! ' came in detached ,orIds. Laura sank down as she spoke i:rther and farther down. Stowly her face b:lenched. All the bright color went oat of hir lips. She grasped at the chair from which Isoiiae arose. She felt the cold come into her heart ; saw the room go round and round; ayn presently sank her whole length on the eoar. Why. Laura, have you no more spirit I" wert the first words rhe heard, consoiously. "Woat-what is the matter?" she mur mared, trying to sit upright. "Why. you fainted away when I told you Pannieton was alive." SI wonder," Erio murmured, still speaking in r drowsy voic?. "if you had been dowte t:hre in that terrible, swirling grave; if you ltad parted' in the midst of the blinding w:tera.-their roar in your Care,their thunder c'.a'ening you-and the remembrance came sver you as it did over me at .those few nwrds you said-if eycst would have fainted, "Pcchaps. I dareEay. Forgive me, Laura. I didn't think of that. Here, let me bathe your forehead. I was very thoughtless. Are you better now? There, sit up here while I read my letter-for the letter is from him, lar, from his own hand-and though I was .re, angry with him once, yet I am anxious now to hear what he has to say for himself. You did not know that he had come into the title, did you? I don't suppose he knew it ldcItelt till after his arrival. I can't imagine why he has not written before; and any way, I am not Fre I nhall forgive him." " Fron ii ic-the letter from himl" gasped L:ura-her lips dry, and her mouth tined, thile her tiagere wandered nervously over the ?ola pillows. " Has-he-said-anything abJqlr- nca. "'. "Why. bow do I know, I haven't even tached iroio the letter; and-why, Laura, owid: is the matter with you?" "Nothing. only-I don't feel very well. O'. willhbe tell her, has he told her that I frgrEd that letter ?" ebc said to heraelf writh. ing in agony. "Lie down while I read. It would be very strange if he didn't say anything about you, parting with you as he did. There now." She shook the pillot and forced her.friend to lie down. Laura sould have made good her escape but she really had not the power. her limbs failed her ; her temples throbbed; her head felt dull and Eore. With all this, that strong, overitstering love, that ehe could not conquer-that she had prayed might leave her-for one who, if his confeas sion were proved true, was not worthy of any honorable woman's love, still conquered her reason. If he were alive, she held his secret; with that, sie might make her own terms- it he had only spared her in this letter. esantime Isoline read with burningchbeems, and Eyes that in their splendor outrivalled the dash of the diamonds at bhei throat. "He only speaks of you in this way," she said at last; "for I can show the whole of thisletter " And she read: "' I saw the last of your friend, Aliss Laura Veabotff. She stood on the deck with me,and I did my utmost to save her, by tying her to my arm with a woollen scarf, but when the mast fell we were parted, and I have since thought she must have instantly gone down. She was a very charmning girl, and I admired her, even love'd her, as foor frind," "You Eeo, he undeslires that; you must't i be jealous." she added, laughing. Jealous! if that was what Laura felt at that moment, then the fangs of a tiger would I have been more merciful. " But cnly think, L'ura," continued Iso line, drawing a long sigh, " the letter I re ceivcd was a forgeryl l):d you ever hear of anything so contemptible? Why, it came near costing me my life. Who could have done it?" " Some enemy," murmured Laura, faintly. "01 course. He says he knows very well who was its author; but as the hand that penned it is now cold in death, he forbears to disclose the name. That shows him to have a fine sense of honor." "Very," said Lnsra, still writhing, and drawing her breath with difioaulty. " But if ever I meet him it get it out of him,"continued Icline, a sense of triumph in her voice. "So now, you see, I really am in correspondence 'ith a lord. Laura bit her lip. " Well, now, do youn feel well enough to go down, dear?" ask.,d Isoline. ,'They will miss me, partieulaly as it is almost in time for supper." "Let me stay awhile; I am a little dizzy yet," murmured Laura. "Certainly; but had I batter not send Stratton up ? She will bathe your head." "No, no-in mercy 1 There I didn't mean to be quite so dramatic; but I have been so startled-and that dreadful scene came up before me with such startling vividnees. I'11 be down as soon as I feel better." " Very well, then ; I'lt leave you; but come down soon;" and Laura was left alone. The first thing she did was to groan audibly. Then, with a frantio gesture, she clasped her hands over her head, with one long, wild wail of anguish, all the more bitter beceuoe it was partly suppresecd.. " Liing I" she cried, writhing and trem. bling, " living ! and he thinks me dead l- how shall I undeceive him? And, oh, that terrible interchange of confidence !-could be have meant it? I have heard that men will fully invent such stories, sometimes oven when they are dying, whore they wish 'o wound. And he would deny it now-yes, he would deny it. Oh, why have I loved him in spite of all? I cannot see him marry an. other !" she sprang from her seat, her hands locked, "shall I tell her that he asked me to be his wife ?--that I have the first right 2 And then confront him with this confession ? It would be dearly purchased bliss. And he is writing love to her-to her-when I knew hie loved me first. If I had been rich-ah I itlI had only been rich, he never would have thought of her-no, never ! Oh, what shall I do 1 Will he be here again I wonder 2" She sank down pale and faint, trembling in every limb now that the force. of her pas sion had spent itself. "I have the best right," sho murmured, "I am pledged to him. I wonder if she know the truth if abhe would marry him No, never, never ! while I-. Oa, Gad be merciful to mel What am I saying? He thinks me dead. Well, let him. My life would be a re proach to him- he shall still think so. I will ask her as a Epeoial favor not to mention me in her letters, not to say I am here, or there, or anywhere. Let me be as dead to him till -yea, yea, my time may come." CIIAPTER XXII. D3ITY'8 aIETUtRN. A beantiful woman, with the bloom of health on her cheeks, exquisitely dressed, sits by one of the front windows of the old Staak's house. The room has been much relieved of its sombre hue by a fresh cost of paint and a prettily tinted paper that lints the old walls. New and beautiful furniture of the modern style replaces the heavy chairs and ombrous tables. Light,cheerful, elegant, that is the present aspect of the room to which the same woman came, anxious, de. pressed, unacknowledged, not very long ago. The magic by which this metamorphosis Uha come to pass is money. And she loves to lavish, not as a spendthrift, but as one eur roundin; herself with beauty and purity. These things, besides, are fixtures, intended to be left whon she leaves, all but the pretty swinging cradle in which lies a rosy boy,a boy so beautiful and so noble that he looks like a young god. Yes, Elen was her own self again. Even in the black silk she wears, in token that she has lost her nearest and dearest, she looks like a fresh young maiden. Her lips are wreathed in smiles, a tremulous flush keeps riting in her cheeks. IHope has stimu lated and increased her bhauty-she has heard from Dotty. On the porch Andrew sat with his book, studying Latin, He had become a protege of the deserted woman, and she had laid her plans to educate him, not in any niggardly, parish way but out of the abundance of her sympathy for the poor and neglected. Near him sat Dalton, looking down the road. Dal ton was going abroad to be educated. He had already adopted the pretty foreign term of the Germans, "Little Mother," and so he loved to call her. " "There a the coach," cried Dalton. "Now, don't fly off at a tangent," said Andrew, coolly, "perhaps the man hasn't come." "And perhaps he has. He said this morn ing, and I takeit, if he's a man of his word, that doesn't mean to-morrow morning." "All right," Andrew responded. "We shall soon know." The coach drew up with a flourish. Dalton flew up the stairs with the information that he saw the face of a little girl, and then could hardly wait for the evidence that would make his wish a certainty. Eden, not less excited, walked the room hastily. "How am 'I to know for a surety?" ehemur mured. "'Will my heart tell me? May 1 not be deceived ?" -Another moment and she was down on her lnees, scanning the features of a lovely child, who nevertheless held fast by the hand of the tall, good.looking mechanic who had brought her hither. "Little mother, she looks like you," cried Dalton. "That she do. I see the likeness myself," said the man, winking hard, and trying to steady the muscles of his mouth. " I feel as if this was my baby,"said Eden, holding the child in her arms. "lUut why does she wsvsh to get away from me ? I was foolish enough to think she would know me." "Carry me back to mammy," said the child, clinging to the man. "Take me home again." "It is but natural, you see, ma'am," said Stephen, troubled that the tears started to her eyes. "fHow long has abshe been with you?" asked Eden. " Four years and seven month, ma'am,and we'd begun to look upon her as our own, seeing no one took an interest in the little thine." "Yes, that is just the time my darling has been away from me. You shall have the money, sir, every cent of it. Ot, now that I know she is mine, how bitter to see her cold o me I How shall I teach her to love me ?" "It'll come in time, ms'am," said the man, with an unsteady voice. "Yes, yes. Did she--your wie, I mean love her very dearly 2" "Indeed it did come nigh to break her heart, I think, to part with her," and now the tears were fairly dropping from his lashes. "Poor soul I I know how to pity her. Think what a hungry heart I have carried for all this time," LP8 ci= w~2 'T:ko rmen to mammy," cersisted the child, putting up her beautiful hands. "This is your mammy, dear," said the man, breaking down, and turning to the window he took out his handkerchief and wiped his eyes with a great sob. " Oh, I see it's very hard for you. Money won't pay you, but you shall have the two thousand pounds and whatever is due be. aides. Tell that poor woman how I pity her, but I cant give up my little one, because you see God gave it to me for my very own. Now go "-Dalton had enticed the child,with some pretty painted toys, to another part of the room-" while her attention is taken off. I hope you won't wish to kiss her gdnd-by, though I couldn't blame you if you did." " No, ma'am, I took my last in the coach," said the man, as he soitly sidled out of the door. Presently he was missed, and then there was a scene very trying to the mother. "It was days and days before Dotty ceased to mourn for "mammy,"and though it roused some little anjsgonism in Eden's gentle heart, yet she had the good sense to let the child's grief have its way. Meantime she still made preparations for leaving the coun try, and Dalton was to ;o as her right-hand man and protector. With a good nurse and experienced waiting maid she hoped to get comfortably through the voyage. CHAPTER XXIII. LIYELT TIMES AT ALDERBOUGHS "Land sakee I I haven't seen you so chipper for a long time, and it's right glad I be," said Mrs. Leslie, with a beaming coontenance,one cheerful day in spring. "I have good reason to be, Mrs Leslie; I have news from abroad." "News from the young country is it, my lord." "Yes, and you may get ready for company. I want all the rooms done up, for I have in vited some ladies who are coming to England to make Alderboughs.their home while they remain." Ladiesl Oh my heart'es ease I Did I ever think I should see a woman in the old place -a real lady, I mean? In the old lord's time they never came. I suppose you've heard the silly old distich that's to be found some where in the records?" "No, I never heard anything of the kind. What is it? Do you know?" " Oh, yea. They say t'was spoken by old Sir Edward, who got dreadfully crossed, and that's why it happens on the records, I 'pose. This isit: "'There'll be trouble, and ruin, and death, I vow, Woon a lady shall reign at Alderbough.' It's writ in the dreadfullest, old-fashionedest English-enough to make you cross-eyed to roead it." "Oh, well, we won't say anything about thereigning part at present. These ladies there will be gentlemen with them, too-are coming as visitors." " Truly, truly, and glad enough I be. Why it'll put such new life into the old house I But air, shall I hire more maids ? We'll surely need them." " Yes, yes: get all the help you want. I won't grudge you the money this time." " Surely, sir, that's spoken like one of the old line. It's been years enough since there were any doings of the kind here, and it will do my heart good. Shall you furnish new, my lord?'' "Yes, two or three of the rooms en suite. Find out for me which will be the beet ad apted to young and pretty ladies. They have been. used to having every comfort and luxury." "Thney shan't miss anything they're used to, my lord, and I don't think they've a many such castles as old Alderbough's in that American land. Lord, how they'll brighten up the grounds I I can seem to see 'em now all a flirting in beautiful dresses. Well, I hope we'll not be lonesome, never no more." " I hope not, Mrs. Leslie. I depend upon you for keeing up the honor of the house. Lt me know this evening which rooms had best be attended to, and I'll send an up holsterer here to-morrow." " I'm agreeable, sir," said Mrs. Leslie do. lighted at her appointments. "We'll raise a dust, depend on't," she added, in an under. tope, as Dnnnieton retired to his den, as he called the study. From that time on the house was noisy enough. One improvement made way for another. The upholsterer was really a genius in hie art, and suggested some ideas that in their working out cost the new lord a mint of money. Windows and doors were open -bright colors met the eyes everywhere. Old stores of linen were brought out of odd closets -old silver was taken out of its secret re. cessee, and'rubbed and placed ready for use. The grounds were beautified. A glass door was added to one of the rooms opening on to the garden-one crystal in a frame-so that the occupants had a fine view of winding walks, shrubbery, fountains and flowers., This was to be used as a breakfast. room, and in its adornments, drapery, and finish was simply perfect. Never had Lord Dunniston been so nearly happy as while superintending operations never had he so nearly forgotten the past. True, his dreams were troublesome. But Dunniston seldom gave himself the opportu nity of criticising them-they were gone with the darkness. He was busy all day, now with the new gardener, now with the upholsterer. His stable was thoroughly renovated; he bought several horses, and a new and dashing carriage; and for all these things he went into debt. There was no difficulty about that, though it was new for a Dunniston, the trade's people said. They were very glad to get him on their books. "I forgot to ask you how many there would be?" asked Mrs. Leslie, one morn. int. "How many? Oh; well, let me see." In truth he had merged all in one person, the only one he cared to see, Isoline Huntley; but now he counted on his fingers. S"Miss Isoline and her friend, the judge, Benton and Eldridge, five in alt, Mrs. Leslie." " OsDear me, and only two ladies 1" "And they'll bring their maids, I sup hose." \- Very likely." "And the gentlemen their valets." "Gentlemen seldom have body servants in America. Well find them rvalets, if they want theus." "Dear me, how odlI" ejaculated Mrs. Leslie. "But then, poor heathens, they've no lords and ladies in that country I They can't know so much of comfort and refine ment as we do." "Perhaps," he said, smiling. "Well, it's odd as we got just five beds ready, though we could put up plenty more, for there's not a room in use in the third story. There's pink 'angings and blue 'ang. ings, just lovely, and as woald suit the most fastidious. And maybe my lord 'll take it in his 'ead to keep one of the ladies at Alder. boughs. "Maybe 1 can persuade one of the ladies to stay. I pledge you my word I shall try," he said. "Ah I that be the best news yet.' CHAPTER XXLV. VnAT A LIKENESS I The steamer Oean was lying at the wharf, and her passengers were coming in crowds. A gentleman, who looked like a lawyer, was busy going in and out of a handsome double state-room, and he seemed very solicitous in providing for the comfort of its future occu I alts. In the stateroom afjecent,Tsoline Huntley and Laura Veshoff was busy arraiging their books, bags, and sundry packages, assisted by a good-natured looking girl,who was Ieoline's dressing-maid. - " I'm afraid they're to have a baby next door." said Ieoline, rather crossly, "or a whole raft of troublesome children. Ah, what a beautiful woman I" " Where?" cried Laura, coming forward. "Gone into that same state-room; and there's a nurse, and-a baby I I knew it1 It's such a nuisance to have a youna child near. However, it can't be helped. They're an uncommonly handsome party. The lady had a little girl by the hand as lovely as an angel. I wonder who they are." "I'll find out, miss," said the maid. " Do- bot be careful." Back came the girl in a fewmoments,quite posted. "The gentleman that was fixing up things wasn't her husband at all; he was her lawyer, and the lady. was a widow-but oh, oceans rich I She had a fortune left her in England, and she was going on,there to see her native place once mote." " Some rich old family, I suppose," said lsoline. " I wonder what made her cone to America? Oh, married, Iasuppose, and came on with her husband. Well, it's none of our business." The steamer was staunch; the ocean as calm as it could be; the company on board excellent. Isoline and Laura were always together. A great change had come over the latter, thoogh Isoline, sellish in her new experience, did not observe it, only at times. Laura brooded muoh over the past. Sometimes she hated Isoline, and the most cruel thoughts, like unbidden'ghosts, would take possession of her brain. A wild jealousy, that stung like scorpions, goaded her night and day. She was very restless, impetuous, and listless by turns; nursing dark and almost murderous fancies. In fact, her love became a disease that poisoned her life. She was all the time imagining the meeting between them. "Shall I brand him there and then, orbad I best bide my time? ' she would ask herself, and then smile and gloat over his imagined discomfiture. "What will he say to me first? I shall seem to him like an avenging spirit risen from the depth of the, e " " I can't thiisk," sai4'Isolinc, one day, "why you wanted me to be,silent with re gard to your movements.. Have you any plan?-do you fancy you shall frighten him or make him swoon with transport to find you alive, when he was thinking you forty fathoms deep for months ?" -. "Nonscnse I" said Laura. "You know it's only a whim of mine. I have told you a thousand times." "Now, how do I know what you and he did on that voyage out ? Men are so queer -off with the old, on with the now. Did he make love to you ?" "Don't be silly, Ieoline." These were the words she said aloud, but, oh, in her heart she was thinking of that wonderful time when they two planned how they should live in a cheerful corner of old Alderboughs, and be all the world to each other. "If I believed the red on your cheek, I should answer my own q oestion," said Isoe. line. " Well, it wouldn't be very strange. I could forgive him, couldn't you?" "No I" snapped Laura. "Let me alone Isoline, my head aches." - -. - - " But I do wish you would tell me." "Suppose I did. If yon wish me to say he made love to me, why I'll say it. Any. thing to please you," and she laughed strangely. "How far did it go?" asked Isoline, affect ing to examine a ring sho wore on her fourth finger. " How far? What do you mean?" "Did he ask you to marry him.?"'' " Would you like me to say yes?' "\Well, it he really did, you know." "Then lihe really did-continuation of the fiction. He acked me to be -Ldy Dennis. ton." " Oh, of course it's fiction, because it isn't probable that lie knew anything about his good fortune till he got to England. Do you suppose he did " she added, teas ingly. " 1 don't want to talk about it. Why can't you keep your happiness, and let me atone ?' I' am keeping my happinerss, my dear. I only want a reasonable excuao for your odd way of doing things. It would be natural enough for you to like Lord Dunniston." "Why ?" "Oh, you knew him before I did." " When I knew him he was probably-not a widower." Iseoline winced. She had often ecoonutedthe idea of marrying a widower. First hand or none, she was wont to say. "But come now, do you really think he loved you before he saw me?" "Why will you talk about it ?" cried Laura, sharpely. "What is it to you what he thought of me, if you are sure that he loves you ?" " One likes to learn about the little may have beens," was the reply. Did he ever talk about-" " I won't hear another question,". said Laura, decidedly, and rose from her seat and crossed the other side. It was a glorious day. The sea gleamed like sheets of emeralds; the sky was blue as summer skies can be. The great steamer rocked gently like a cradle. Laura leaned against the side, and felt desolate and heart broken. All the wealth, all the joy, all the glory and beauty of life were for Ieoline, not for her. "AndI can blight each and every separate blessing," she said to herself. "But how will it be done? I can't shape anything; I must let events and chances shape them. selves. If I plan them, I shall surely spoil them. And I feel as if I am sent by some unseen power-perhaps the spirit of the poor murdered wife-for I do believe he murdered her. I have never recalled the expression of his face at that moment, but what I have ab. solutely believed his words-yes, absolutely. Ifc could not have invented so terrible a story; at that time it must have been simply im possible. I almost wish, sometimes, that I hadJet Isoline tell him allabout me,and stayed at homo. Why have I this longing to des troy him, when they two might be happy ? Why not say to myself that confession was a fiction, and he, in his oexcited state, did not know what he was saying? No; on the whole, I'm glad I didn't, when I recall the language of that letter-'?Ilove her, almost, because she is your friend.' Oh,.the dupli. city of the man I I'll teach him to hate me, and to some purpose." She shut her teeth hard,and still continued to gaze over the wide, dazzling expanse of waters. hPresently th.sharp exclamation of some child struck her ear. She turned. A hobild's swinging cradle, adroitly or. ranged so as to serve as a carriage, was close beside her, and Dalton who had tied a large white handkerchief over his bright ourls, every now and then propelled it for a short distance. "Oh, what a lovely boy I Oh, you sweet baby I" cried Laura, who was a passionate admirer of hobildren. The child looked full in her face with his dark eyes enlarged and shining and smiled; then'took on the look of precocious wisdom children's faces assume. "You beautiful baby I whom do you look like ? Surely some flace I have seen before, Will he let me kiss him,do you'lthink ?" "Oh, yes, madam," said Dalton, proud and pleased at her delight. "Is he your brother?" "No, indeed; 1 have neither brother nor sister." "Your little nephew th2n, or cousin 1" "No relation at all. I'm going on with Ire. Wane to be educated abroad." " IVse! Who is that-the mother of this boy ?" asked Laura, still on her knees beside the carrisage. "Yes, madam." "Wane-Wane I What have I heard in connection with that name 1" she murmured, then aloud, "These look like English child ren." ". ,Mrs. Wane is English," said the boy,with a cautions manner and wary look. "I thought so. And the papa '?" " He is dead." "Oh, how dreadful! And that pretty woman is a widow. Does she never come on deck ?" ' Oh, yes, sometimes, but mostly after twi light. She suffers from sea-sickness," "' I should like to know her." The boy was silent. . Laura played with the white hand of the cherub, who seemed to take a particular fancy to the small feather in her hat, and laughed and showed his pretty pearl of teeth. "How strange that the face reminds me of some other familiar face, and I jan't place it," she said to herself. "Oh, there is little mother now l" cried Dalton, his face radiant; and that moment Eden made his appearance, maving un. steadily, until Dalton gave her his hand for support. She seemed surprised for a mo ment to see the dainty, handsome, high-bred woman paying humble homage to the child, but could not do less than smile and seem gratified. "Your beautiful baby has stolen myheart," Laura said. playfully. How proud you must be of him I" " I am a little proud ol him:' replied Eden, casting a loving glance at the boy. " He doesn't look a bit like you." "Oh, no ; he favors his father," she made reply, in a low, faltering voice. Laura turned a little aside. " She cannot bear yet to speak of him,"she thought to herself. "You are not a good sailor, I see," she added, aloud, determined to make the most of her interview. "Not very; I don't like the seo,"andEden's pale face gleamed whitely under the silver spray of a gossamer veil. "And is this your child also?" asked Laura, as little Dotty, who had been indulg. ing in familiar gossip with an old gray.beard suddenly came into the group. She looks like you." "Yes, this is my little girl," murmured Eden, drawing the child jealously nearer. " My darling, I think we must send the maid for your hat," she said. "I never saw such lovely children," con tinued Laura," really honest in her admira tion; and such clearly different types of beauty ! I must ask my friend over here, may 1 ? Am I taking too great a liberty ?" "Oh, no, indeed, no," said Eden, smiling and gratified. 1"loline I" called Laura. "Isolino I Miss Huntley I The wind is the other way, she ! doesn't hear me ;" and Laura rose to her feet and crossed the deck. She did not see the expression that came into Eden's face as she spoke the name, the sudden catching of the breath, the drawing back of the body, and flush deep and pained, the quick rising and falling of the chest. "' Isoline I' did she say; 'Miss Huntley I' Oa, onlystoo well I remember that name I It was on the letters I found, and he said it was thenoms le plms of a lady who wrote for the prese. Oh, how that name has stirred me-I I never thought I should feel like this again. I hope it is not hate.' She was all burning was curiosity now to see the face of the woman who had innocently or otherwise corresponded with Dunniston, though she shrank at the same time from the sight. Bat Laura had spoken to her; Eden saw tho lithe, slender figure rise, with that peculiar swaying motion indicative of so prome relieement, if not of gentle blood, and her heart grew sick, though the author of her jealously was, as she thought, far beyond the chance or change of her judg. ment. " Isn't he beauty itself." For one supreme moment Eden felt in clined to lift the babe and hide his face in her bosom out of the woman's sight, but she forced herself to see how .unreasonable and I even childish such conduct would be. She sat Sthere stolidly, instead of holding her veil down like a mask." "Isolinel" she had heard her husband speak the name to himself-she had 'by chance seen the letter whose reception he tried to cover with a jest. Yes, she was verybeau tiful-she could not but acknowledge it very queenly, thoroughly br '' elegant in manners, peerless in expreseier -that is, cx. pression cf a certain kind. Isoline was also thoroughly chbamed with the ohild, and the little aristocrat held his dainty head back and finally esnsented to give one of his hands for the lady to kiss. SAre you going to London ?" asked Iso. line of Eden. " Oh, no I" was the cold reply, "I am going to my old home in Streatford. I have never been in London in my life." " Isoline I" cried Laura, all of a sudden, I her cheeks growing a shade paler, !' I have just thought whom that child resembles. I have been trying and trying to think, until goaded to desperation I gave it up. But, ohl I see it now. What a likeness I" "Well, who is it?" "Lord Donniston I" The effect upon the two women before whom that name waspronounced, undereuch strange circumstances, was widely different in each. Ieoline flushed a little and smiled, while a supreme content seemed to irradiate the whole face. Eden grew cold, white, reti cent. She turned away from them all, and drew her chair back with a manner that Sseemed to say, " The interview is over, I de sire to say no more to you, to have no more Sto do with you." Dalton and Dotty were having long walks together. With a motion of her hand she brought them to her side. - i "Dalton will you call the nourse?" she 'asked, with quiet dignity. "My boy is SDaltonwent away, so did Laura and Iso. line, chilled effectually. "Well, I never was so cut in my life ?" said Leura. "Did you see how cold she was, all suddenly?" "Iahould think £ did," Isolineo retorted, with some asperity. "' I always did think it a most unbecoming thing to make advances to strangers. Blessed be ettiquettel If ever I defy its laws again may I be made to feel as supremely ridioulous as I do now." • ' (To a contieued.). 