THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER . A private soldier named rat. tlooiogan ( was taken before a magistrate for playing cards during divine service. _ The account of it is thus given by an Irish journal :— A sergoant commanded the soldiers at church, and while there the. parson read thb prayers and took the text. Those who had a Bitle took it out, but this soldier had . _ ? ? ? , U/v.vlf r\nr *\tl I lin n* neither Bible nor prayer-uuim, out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him and said : ,, . . . ' Pat, put up the cards ; this is no place for them.' x- j. ' Never mind that, said Pat. When the service was oyer, a constable took Pat. prisoner, and brought h/jpi before a mnpistrate. 'Well,' said the magistrate, 'whatnayo you brought the soldier here for ' For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself?' ' - ' ? ' Much, sir, I hope.' ... 'Very good; if not, I will punish ^rou (. severely.' . 1 - ' I have been,' said the soldier, ' six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible . nor common prayer-book. I have nothing ' but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions.' , ???,? Then, spreading the cards before the : ? magistrate, he began with the ace. ' When I see the ace, it reminds me that ' there is but one God. ' When I see the deuce, it reminds me ,of Father and Son. ' When I see the tray, it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. ' When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached— MattheWj Mark, Luke, and John. ' When I see the five, it reminds iae of the five wise virgins that trimmed 'their lamps. There were ten ; but five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. ' When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. ' When I see the seven, it reminds m« that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he bad made and hal lowed it. ' When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world — namely, ?????: Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. - ' When I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. , , ' When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. . r ' When I see the king, it reminds me of the great King of heaven. lt Whe^I see the queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman aB he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dresBed in boy's apparel, for King Solo mon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sect for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that.' ' Well,' said the magistrate, 'you have described every card in the pack except one. ' ' What is that ?' asked Pat. ' The knave,' said the magistrate. \ 'I will give your honor a description of that, too, if you will not be angry.'' ' ! 'I will not,' said the magistrate, V if you do not term me to be the knave.' ' The greatest knave I know is the con stable who brought me here.' ... 'I do not know,' said the magistrate, ' if he is the greatest knave, but I know! he : is the greatest fool.' ; 'When,' said Pat., ' I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I county the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty- two, the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture- cards in a pack, representing the number of months -.in a year ; and on counting the tricks I find ? thirteen, the number of . weeks in a quarter. So, you see, a pack of cards serves, for a Bible, an almanac, and a common prayer book.' Prisoner was discharged, with a a recom-. mendation for promotion. The court then rose, with his worship's ? mouth fairly extended with a dignified smile. J USTI0E8 of the Peace.— The attention of the Minister of Justice has been directed ? to the fact that a very large number of justices of the peace are in the habit of ignoring entirely their judioial functions. They are magistrates in name only, and the result of their neglect of court business has been a great inconvenience to the publio and unnecessary expense to the Government. At such places as Ivanhoe and Booligal, for instance, police magistrates have to travel from Wilcannia and Hillston, distant from 100 to 200 miles, to adjudicate upon petty offences which may well be dealt with by local justices of the peace. The police magistrates themselves as a rule do not object to travel, but they select their own time, and delay is often unavoidable.' Their . .expenses when travelling are often a considerable item. In order that the matter may be brought before the local justices in the country districts, Mr. Clarke has caused a list to be made out of the whole (.i the magistrates on the commission of the peace, with their addresses attached, and they will be communicated with through the department of. the Colonial Secretary, and requested to attend the courts of ! petty sessions and take their proper share of judicial business.— S. M. Herald. Nervous people should read advt. in this issue hedaed 'Nervous.' 