ALL SAINTS. At All Saints there wero three celebrations of the communion yesterday, at 7, 8, aad 11 o'clock, und evensong at 8 o'clock. Tho church was sparingly, but vory tastefully decorated ; there was a beautiful crosB bl pansies on tho front of the pulpit, another of i«y and pulmerias on tho west wall ; an exquisite double cross of pal mcrius aud other white flowers surmounted the font, while tha altar wub entirely docorated with white flowers. There woro lur-re consre gutions ut all tho services, especially tho one at 11 o'clock, which was fully chorul, Stumor's service in F being used throughout, nui the introit was the anthem by the sumo composer — ' O, Zion, that Bringeth Good Tidings.' No solos wero given und the work was ren dered by tho regular choir without any addi tonnl ussietunce, Sirs. Willmore presiding very ably at tho organ. Tho church servico was snrigby the rector, tho Rev. Mi-. Robinson, who celebrated and preuched Thn lessons wore read by the curate, the Rev. G. WulLwe. Mr. Robinson's text was the fifth and sixth vcrsea of the ninth chapter of Isaiah : 'For unto us a Child is born, unto us a Son is given, and tho government shall bo upon His shoulder ; and his name bhall bo called Wonderful, Counsellor, tho Mighty God, tho Ever lasting Father, the Prince of Peace.' He said the Catholic Church takes up tho words of the Jewish prophet, and to-day rejoices in the miraculous Birth and tho wondrous gift. 'Unto us a Child is born; unto us a Son is given.' So begins Isaiah's Christmas carol, his Christmas hymn provided by tho Holy Ghost many years before the' Holy Child was born. And to-day everywhere tho music of that inspired song is heard from Christian lips and finds au echo in Chris tian hearts. The preacher then proceeded to speak shortly but poworfully on tho difforent divisions of his text. 'A Child is born,' 'A Son is given,' '?Wonderful,' ' Counselor,' 'The Mighty God,' 'The Everlasting i'athor,' ''The Princo of Peace,' and, in conclusion, said : Heie our glad and solemn strvico ends. Let us ?with 0110 consent offer once more our sincere lowly adoration to tho Child our new born King, onr Saviour und our God; with no half hearted .worship let us take up tho words of the prophet of old, ' Unto us a Child is born, uuto us a Sou is given.' Oh ! come Thon, holy Child of a pure Virgin, Thou Son of the living God, and dwell within these siuful yet loving hearts of ours; then with Thee will corao in rich abuntlEncn all Christmas joys nnd blessings. Wo shall bo filled as wo con teniplate Him whose name is wonderful, the wisdom of tho Heavenly Counsellor shall lead us to the true and only light, tho power of tho Mighty God shall defend us as with a Bhicld, the lovo of the Everlasting Father shall prepare for us tt placo in tho everlasting home, and tho Princo of Peace shall Btill our troubled hearts as of old ho stilled the raging waters, and calmed them into rest. Oh, God! who mukest us glad with tho yearly com memoration of tho birth of thino only Son Je^us Christ, grant that, as wo joyfully roooivo Him for our Redeemer, so wo may with sura confidence behold Him when Ho shall come to bo our Judge, who livnth und roignoth with Theo und tho Holy Ghost, ono God, world without end. Amen.' Christmas carols were Hung in tho church after evensong on Christmas Eva and again last night, when the service was takon by tho curate, tho rector presiding at the organ, and tho curola went very nicely. 