tie . Rovellet. pa foil A GREAT WRONG, OR, THE m Al YSTERY OF B LACK bI IIOLLOW GRANGE.: s BY EMMMA GARRISON JONES, yr Aurlhorof" A Terrible Crime," "A South ern Princess," " Ruby," " The Alisrrig? " Bride," ete. I- ~-c -- Itl OHAPTER XVIII.-(CoNTINUED). ti W Well, Donald, what news do you bring 1" questioned Doctor Nugent from the little ir table where he was busily engaged preparing 1 powders fcr Ambrose, who lay in the ad. joining chamber, not dead, but utterly un- ri conscious.. Donald sat down, and began to rub his b horny hands above the blaring hearth. "Bad enough news, doctor," he replied. " They couldn't find the lass, Isabel, and the squire died yesternight, just after the dark." "Gone is he? Well, I knew he'd never i rally again, when I left the house," the doe. Y tor answered. "Lord bless us, Donald, what a power of mischief these fair-faced, rattle. t brained girls bring about I" "Ay,' ay, sir I" responded Donald, hear. t If that girl had remained at home, in. stead of running off to her Ir in, poor Mol. villo would be alive to.day." 0 "And to think of Ambrose, my poor, hand. bl some lad," the mother.began to whimper, "as might have been her husband this morning-" or "Ilush I" interrupted Donald, sternly. 'I D'ye want such a rash girl for the lad's wife, dame Il etter for him to be lying ase he it than yoked to the likesof her. Do you t think the lad'll get over it, doctor ?" the at father continued, his voice unsteady. tr "Certainly he will. Vho over hoard of a ei broken arm, and a cracked cranium, and a cracked cranium, and a stab or two, killing a a' big sal.footer like Ambrose? IIe'll rouse e' up after n bit. Now, I'd:give a pretty penny ' to get at the bottom of this mystery. What could have been going on at the old manor ? And what took Ambrose there that night ?" Donald shook his head, and his wife whis-. t pered in an awed voice: "The manor's Ihaunted, doctor, and it r were all alight the night o' Ar.'brose's wed. V ding. Tihe murdered lady romes Iack--" " ui'bh 1 pooh I you silly w'm'an I 't'here was something beslideli gholsts at the manltor; It took elIhh and bhicd to give the lad thein ugly holes in hiis ile,. how did the old pla:e look this mornlng, IDonahl--wns all quiet ?" "All quiet, sir," replied the sealOat, ald. ding, in n sort of awed whisper, " bet the I dog's there yet." The doctor wheeled in ?is chair. "There yet ? \ell,;now, Donald, that's confoeunled strlnlle I What can keerp lit I beast up there ?" Donnld shook his head again, willh grove solemnity. "Tlnht I canlt say, doctor," li replied, " but there Ite Is, and there he'll stay, inspilt of you. Didln't wen fetch him hIoe y'steelr day,aend uack iIe wentllike ai Ilsh I He was on tile terrace ia I caml by, and whln I called to him hI gaIve U cry Ithat was Iman. Ie's foundsom,/hing,, douhnr-there's no mis. takou anbt that I" iliiotnd what, man 1? Wasn't the old house searhedl yesterday 1 I was over the're myself, It was Ins :mpty as a drum I not ovenl e alray ghost in Highti." it o theW ydI toed Iut; b .t L I g foeIud something iil the eanlu, I huve very coiil. dellee ihn that dog, Hmeitlwlh!r!, hi that old bousll there's a hlntau crenature hill, "'' sure of it.' I Fntllherl" It waisthe i vlio r Ambrose? nlh,, b hlldl, Dounald leaped Io his feit its If i bullet II struck hin, annd mIrl fr r t I IedjllJnIn roull, followed by the dicn!er ,nd Iris wife. Amnbrone was slling up In eii, ia lii, of opeer Ilnlulllgence iII hi whitili, IhaIrgird tace'. " What ws Ithat ?~,i were ainylllli nholt the dlg, fathur ?' he ink,"d, s I h1)oinhI renched Mhli, "lia hle watchliig at the ohl ooanr 1" " Well, quite seriously; but I'll have fou on your feet in a fortnight-" pL "Nonsense I must go out to-day, at le once 1" .. Tbo doctor only laughed. as Father," said the young man, turning 1o his' haggard face toward Donald, "get out m the sleigh and harness Black Bess; I must go up to the Haunted Manor, at once."r c The father shook his head disapprov. is ingly. Is "I must go," Ambrose continued "to satisfy my own eyes-to see what thbedog has found. I1 There was a woman there," his white face H flushing swiftly.- "I heard -her. She may fa be there now, father. I must go and see I cu Will you go with me 1" " A woman I" shrieks the dame, wringing fa her hands. "Hc's seen the murdered lady's hi ghost. Oh, my poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful place an his wedding night, and lu cheated of his bonny bride." "Silence I" commands the doctor, sternly, fr "Not a word more, if you value his life. A Youug man," he continues, "if you're not a lunatic, you won't talk of leaving your'bed to in a week, much less leaving the house. The haunted manor was searched yesterday by the proper authorities, and not a soul sr found. Doubtless you were decyed into a h trap of some sort." 0 "Spare your words, doctor, please," smiles the young patient, "and mix me a strength. al ening draught like an obliging fellow. Here mother, help me into my clothes; and; i father, hurry with the sleigh, will you h Gracious heavrcns," lhe goes on, leaping sod. IL denly out of bed, and standing tall and reso. lute and haggard in their midst; "a day I and a night I've been lying herealready, and she may be dead or dying I For mercy's f sake, father, he quick." " Do the best you can for him, doctor," w whispers Donald, as he goes out to harness f( Black lless. "There is not a bit of use op- t osing him he'll go, if he crawls on his b "M ere fool he," growls the doctor, pro ceeding to prepare the draught. " I wash my hands of the whole business. Nevertheless, being a humane and obliging man at heart; when he finds that his pa. tient really will go, Doctor Nugent accom panies him. "'Tls a judgment sent upon me and him for thes wickedness I've dons," moans the wife of Donald,atanding in the cottage door, t as Black Bess starts off, all her silver bells ringinga merry peal. "Look at him now, my handsome lad, that I thought to see Isa i bet's husband, well nigh murdered, and his brain crazed, and it the work of them wicked souls as haunt the old manorl 'Tis a judg. ment on me; but Ican't tell. I can't break Donald's heart, and he a happy man so many t years. I've kept the secret so far, and I'll carry it to my grave." \- "Look I there's the dog on the terrace steps," cries Donald as they reach the main gate. - Ambrose leans forward and watches the animal as he comes flying down to meet them. S " What is it, my good dog ?" he calls. At sound of his master's voice the dog goes into ecstasies, leaping upon the seat, and JI licking the young man's hands, then with a wild, peculiar cry he is off again in the di. rection of the manor, Is " We must follow him, father,' says Am. hroso, quietly. "Give me your hand-i'm very stiff andsore." 1" You'll find yourself worse than stiff, boy to.morrow," grumbles the doctor, as Donald assists his son; "and no one to blame but at yourself." Ambrose only smiles in his quiet, reso lute way, and, fastening Black Bess to apost, the three go on abreast, following the dog's lead, r As they reach the terrace the little doctor looks up with some awo at the gray front of the silent house. He does not relish the undertaking at all, though he feels none of I. the superatitious dread that curdles Donald's blood. S !'\Ve shall find ourselves in a nest of thieves or counterfeiters, and get our heads smashed for our rashness," he mutters. a But Ambrose takes no heed, and they go on. Straight into the manor, down the u the dim, resounding hall, and up the dusty -e stairs the dog leads, leaping on with wild, frantlc barks that scorn fraught with human entreaty. SThie old house is as silent as a tomb, as cold a and as cheerless under its winding sheet of so allow. Not a sound greets them, not even a Sstray mouso crosses their way. at Up the ailent stairs, on and on down the 1 dreary length of the long corridor, until they 1" reacl the old library.roorn, which opens into o. tile bluck draped ante.chaomber. Ambrose follows tile dog with steady, it resolute steps, though Ilis face is awfully d. white and his breathing sharp and short, and his father and the doctor follow In the library, where the dust-laden a; floor is stained hero and there with drops of d blood, the dog pauses, with a long, wild cry, Sllcthen hl leaps into thl nauteroom anld disai pears. . The three men follow him breanthlessly, nnd Ile li11 him under the tattered black arras, scratchilng at tile solid oaken, anels. "\hl'at is it, "my go(dI Idog?I" cries Amblrose, to tlering away thie Hoelhor drapery, his face I, Illshingl with eager Oxciteuenl. Thle por dlla creature tries ihard to tell. e I Ic leap, it his inaster nrd caresce hdI,1, andl then throws himself against thu paneds, ,,, uttering lalutlvoe cries. Ite " Thcre's nomo creantur hid about here," or. reotrks Donald, Vae "Ay, father," Albrlhoatl ewCels, "tlhatthere I I. IlreI, lly good dig, where Is lhe H?low nn. mil whre." sn. The dog throws himself aganlst tlhe centrul ipanel withll wildl force and franl old crlcH. "'l' 1ho dogs il ',"''growls locto r Nugent; nlt '" ll l)ou arl as white s a gllost, Amlllrlos, (Inlm" away, 11onuId I we've had mlnough of l 11thi folly," I]. h'l if ye0 like,dtor," Ambrosennswers, 'old urtlv, "1shall r-,tnl, IOethercan therroe )e ire n111 H )t I yIIlge urlywll rre Ie hoI, thilhk ?Oll 1 HomIe. of Ilre, old border dlwelling" ll theil, you klllnow.II Ild, "1I never heardl of ono Ill is h1 s eli, orl Iuntil rrepllr, tapplhgu on the eske Ills wolcu rhat slid the wo dg llen i of fathil"' a l nnh shalken his hend, In dire par. olit p xl one. "hlops had proceed , in, exh itntlne itd thpopurds,IvrcitycInenultdJoilltanldmlving ohi lnt to no pur On. III" broken armi and wounded limbs pain As he speaks he presses on the shining point with all the might that excitement has lent him ; and Io I with a sharp click the spring moves, and the oaken panel slides aside, revealing a yawning aperture, which looks to the amazed eyes of Donald like the mouth of the bottomless pit. The dog leaps upon hie meter with frantic cries of joy. Ambrose strokes his head, but it is a full minute before he can speak,so great is his excitement. 'You are right, my bravo dog,"he geasps at last ; ."you haven't led us here for nothing I SHeavens, how black it Is below therel Shout, father; perhaps some one will answer. I can't command my voice yet." Donald' drew near the aperture, his face white and awed, his knees shaking under a him. S "Hallool Who's below theref" he shouted, I lustily. A minute of breathless silence, and then, from some subterranean depths below, came a feeble voice in answer. a Ambrose leaped to his feet with a cry of d triumph. ' "Father, did you hear it A human voice y -a omran's voice. It is she. For Heaven's t sake, let me go down quick. Only think, she a has been down there a day and a night. Let me go 1" a "Ambrose, are you madl" cried his father, . attempting to hold him back. • b But the young man half beside himself in his eagerness and excitement, eluded his grasp, and leaped through the aperture, into what he fancied to be a sort of passage that would lead him to a dsecending stair. d But the instant his feet touched the dusty a flooring beyond, there was a sort of rasping sound, and swift as thought, as if by the n working of some uneartihly magic, the solid m foundations gave way beneath him, and the trap-door, on which he stood, shot rapidly is downward, hurling him headlong into the black pit below. 