RACING NOTES. BY RATTLER. On Thursday week last I had the pleasure of a trip by rail to Laidley to participate in whatever enjoyment there was to be obtained from the sport provided by the newly-formed local Turf Club there, and at the same timo to take notes of the meeting for publio information. I must say I am more than doubtful whether both or either of the objects of my trip were accomplished with very great success. As far as the enjoyable part of the question is con cerned I can only hope that if I am ever again called upon to journey to Laidley the good people thero will be good enough to send in an order beforehand to secure a cloudy or windy day for their race meeting—at all events a day upon which the thermometer does not register 120 in the shade (more or less). lam excep tionally fond of witnessing good horse-raoing, but when to do so it is made compulsory for one to stand or walk about for hours sweltering under a heat which runs even the salt-pans of tho Gulf of Carpentaria very close for the cake, then the ginger- breed loses some of its gilt. But the Laidley folk may some day learn modera tion, and by ordering a few days' rain before hand, like we in Brisbane havo done for the past six months, they will be able to keep their weather gauges a little more under control. However, the personal discomfort consequent upon their terrifio heat was to me and my fellow-sufferers on press duty in no small measure counterbalanced by the courtesy extended to us by the club's secretary, a gentleman Svhose disposition towards every person who had dealings with him may bo doscribed as a combination of everything whioh goes to make up a jolly good fellow in the truest Bonne. In Mr. O. Hustler the club have obtained the services of a man who will not allow a want of energy to aot as a pre ventive to success or bring the olub into dis repute with outsiders by either stand-offishness or incivility. Notwithstanding that the present comparatively unimproved condition of the reserve upon which a course had been marked off for horse-racing a considerable time back is a big handicap, the liberality which has from the outset marked the dealings of the people of the district with the new olub, and tho liberality with whioh tho olub in their turn provided for their inausrural effort, may be regarded as forerunners of a happy career. Prizes amounting to more than 200 soys. for a one-day meeting is a good beginning for a country olub, and it is hoped that the funds in hand by the next meeting will bo sufficient to warrant a material increase. The recreation leservo is very prettily situated, being in about tho centre of a large area of flat country which is dotted with agricultural farms and surrounded by hills, and its close proximity to tho town and the railway station is a point greatly in favour of successful race meetings on the score of public attendance. As a detailed report of the meeting of the 2nd instant has already been published it would be superfluous to go into tho par ticulars of the racing for each of the events. Suffice it to say that, with the exception of the fact that tho favourites were not left in for the big events, the performances taken all round were as entertaining as coald havo been expected, considering all circumstances. It was a bit of a disappointment that Lord Headington did not put in an appearance. Lady Godiva was also scratched out of the Turf Club Handicap, and, as General Gordon was the only name left on the card worthy of attention, the race was thu* robbed of the greater part of its interest. Again, in the ontennial Handicap the pen was so freely made use of that out of ten entrants only two, Godiva and Gordon, came to the post. Of these, of course, tho Lady was made a favourite, and so confident was the mare's owner that it was simply a " romp home " for her that his offer to lay the long odds of £500 to £100 went a-begging. On the other hand, however, it was remarked to me by a person who doesn't as a rule open his mouth too wide, that " over the distance the General willdo her bad." He didn't quite "do herbad," but ho did enough for all purposes by passing tho post a winner, even though only by a head. (By way of correction I might hero mention that in tho Courier report of the race the riders somehow got reversed. Woodgate should have appeared as the rider of Gordon, and Munro as tho rider of Godiva instead of vice versa). Had the rider* been rovorsod thoro can be no doubt that tho result would have been different, but allowing for this I must say that the Genoral was in botter racing fettle than when ho ap peared iit Eagle Farm lost month. He is, I think, one of the ugliest racehorses, and about the ugliest goer, I have over seen. A long, lanky, raw-boned, and ungainly animal, he p'acos little credit to his siro in point of sym metry, but old Melbourne has no need to be ashnmed of him as a repreaontativo for pace And staying power. Tho "ngly ono" may yet be brought out fit enongh to win a Q.T.O. or Tuttorsall'a double. Mr. Kerwin's speedy little ruaro Heath, whose running at the last Ipswich meeting was much admired, also soored a decisive victory in the Forced Handicap, when with an advantage of Gib. in tho weights she beat Melody by a head after a desperate finish up the straight. The wind-up event of tho programme, the Consolation Race, was ap propriately credited to Star, who since his win at Toowoomba has either been very unfortunate or equally disappointing. For a certainty this little fellow has a splendid dash of foot over a short distance, as was amply proved by the easy way in which he held his field safe from the start to the finish of the three-quarter mile spin. I have received from the secretary of the Southport Racing Club (Mr. C. H. Philpott) a copy of the programme for the Southport Annual Races, to take place on Monday, 16th April. The programme consists of a Trial Stakes of 30 boys. : Handicap Hurdles of 45 so vs.; Southport Handicap, 150 boys. ; Novel Race, 60 soys.; Flying Handicap, 60 soys.; and Consolation Handicap, 20 soys. Nomina tions for the Southport Handioap must be in by 4 p.m. on Saturday, 10th March ; weights will be declared on Tuesday, the 20th March ; acceptances on Saturday, 31st March, which will also be the date of general entry. When the supplementary verdict given by the Tattersall's tribunal over the disgraceful Orange Bud affair of tho recent Q.T.C. meeting is taken fully into consideration (as it should bo, but could not have been by the committee before it was published), it will not be a very difficult matter to pick it to pieces and to discover in it obvious fallacies and a distinct justification for the most severe censure of the sporting public. Up to the time,'my Notes were written last week all that had been dono by the committee was to " declare all wagers off," but since then they havo in a kind of way shown their sense of'the quasi-gravity of the question under their consideration by sus pending for twelve months ono of their own number, and "severely censuring" another. Did ever anyone hoar of suoh a farcical piece of business from beginning to end ? When last week the official declaration came out that all wagers wore to be declared off I hadn't the ghost of an idea but that this would apply only so far as the parties who had been proved to be implicated in the swindle were concerned, but to my surprise and disgust I found that even wagers that had been made by persons who knew nothing of tho Orunge Bud affair until the race was over, and who believed then and believe still that Maritana was the beat thing in it, wore entirely and irretrievably upset. Then the next we hear is that the Tattersall's Committee uphold the disqualifica tion of Orange Bud and her owner, leading everyone who took any interest in the affair to suppose that there was going to bo war in the camp. But no; wlu'le the enormity of the offenoo in itself was in the minds of the com mittee sufficient to warrant a twelve months' disqualification and a flue of £<30 on tho one hand, the demands of justice would on the other bo met by suspension for twelve months and censure. In other words the weaker party fur allowing himself to be made a tool of got no more than he deserved when ho was deprived of his udual means of earning a livelihood, whilo the party for whom he transgressed is thought to bo fairly punished by being debarred for twelve months from the privileges of a betting club. Had the Tattersall's Committee done their duty and meted out the punishment which was so fully deserved there might have been some chance of a mitigation of Fox's sentence, but under the oiroumstances nothing can now be done but to allow the boy to Buffer to the full for the sins of others. Dick Lang has in training at Fairview, near Ipswich, for the May meeting of the Q.T.C, Elbogan, 3 years, by Mozart—Ailsea (dam of King Cole, Sir Joshua, and Major); and Fanmure, by Mozart—Waterwitoh (dam of Naboeklish). It may also bo interesting to know that Mr. M'Grory's Rainbow is likely to be put in training for the May meeting. The well known soiling-plater His Worship has been been sold by Charley Burton to a Mr. Gray and has been sent to a station Bomowhero up North, where he will be utilised for stud purposes. He is an undoubtedly well-bred horse, being by Warlike—Azalea, and should be heard of as a sire. The boss of Mr. Mooney's string, Yabba, was put into work again last week and will probably bo ready for Tattersall's Easter meeting. Apparently he is none tho worse for bin accidont, but in appearance is not anything like the Yabba that the publio have in the post so much admired. His two months' spell has robbed bis ooat of its beautiful gloss, which, however, will no doubt soon return under the treatment he is likely to receive. Grab, another handsome son of Melbourne in Mr. Mooney's stable, ia also being exercised again. If ap pearances go for anything, the^blaok colt should one day repay his owner for all the trouble he has oaused and tho attention that has been bestowed upon him. Thfl arrangements for the match between Lord William and Gipsy Girl have not yet been definitely settled, as there is Baid to bo some dispute in regard to the concession tho mare should make in the shape of a start. There is to be a day's racing at Cooper's Plains on Easter Monday (2nd April), when the local club hopes to present a good pro gramme (which will be advertised shortly) for tho annual meeting. The subscriptions to the Great Western Downs Jockey Club,Tambo, for the 1887 season, amounted to £279, and the club is now in a pecuniarily flourishing condition. It must indeed be gratifying to the promoters of trotting sport in this colony to see that their efforts to excite tho publio interest have been so successful. That thoy have been so is amply proved by tho faot that several trotting horses have recently been imported from Now South Wales, and when the next Driving Park Club meeting is hold it is confidently expeoted that there will be a good show of new-comers from the adjoining colonies. It is intended, I believe, to amalgamate the next trotting meet- ing with the Q.T.O. meeting in August next and thus provide v three-days programme. This is a good idea. The office has received a letter from Mr. John Glasson, of Petrie'B Bight, which runs as follows:—"loan hardly account for the animusi shown by ' Rattler' towards the half crown totalizator men unless he has Borne eculiar interest or relationship with Mr. arris and his machine. As to swindling boards, as he calls them, I can inform ' Rattler' there are as honourable men with those boards as any in the Q.T.C. Club. Again he says 4 there is no check on them.' What check is there on the big machine ? In New Zealand the machine owned by Hobbs, Goodwin, and Co. is worked from the outside and the steward or secretary locks up the machine before each race starts. What check is here kept on the big machine to prevent those inside putting a score of tickets on the winner? So far as we have seen of' Rattler' as a tipster he has not been over successful, and had better adopt some other profession and lot honest people alone." I have not the pleasure of Mr. John Glasaon's acquaintance, and if the foregoing production is to be taken as a specimen of his reasoning in tellect and common sense I am not anxious to make his acquaintance. It docs not require moro than a casual glance to see that Mr. Glasson is one of the half-crown totalisator men -who have been debarred by the Q.T.C. stewards at my instigation from continuing what has been to them a lucrative business on the Eagle Farm course. The fact that the stewards adopted at the earliest opportunity my suggestion to put down what I repeat and can prove have been as a ride only swindling boards is in itself sufficient to show that I am not alone in my opinion. The insinuation that I might in some way be interested in the working of Mr. Harris's machine is too contemptible to take any notice of; and whether I have been successful or not in my one attempt to spot the winners is a matter upon which Mr. John Glasson's opinion is unsolicited ; but, in reply to his foolish argu ment that there is nothing to prevent the persons inside the otfioial machine from putting a score of tickets on the winner, I should like to be informed how they are to ascertain from tho inside what horse is likely to be the winner. What check is thero on tho big machine? There is this check, that the total number on is shown when the totalisator closes, and any attempt, even were such a thing possible, to issue additional tickets on the winner would be easily discovered. Not so with the half-crown boards. They are placed on stands not far from the fence which divides the paddock from the track, and the " totalisutor" men, standing on boxes, are when a good distance separates the first horse from his followers, when half way up the straight, enabled to foresee the result, and play their little game accordingly. I do not, of course, say for a moment that all half-crown totalisator men aro swindle™, but tho public cannot be expected to know who is who, and therefore the Q.T.C. stewards have done a wise thing in suppressing them. Parody was last week sent back to Mr. Finnio'a Rosedale Stud Farm, where she is likely to play a leading part in the introduction of some well-bred youngsters next season. Mr. John Walsh's King Cole mare, Little Jcunnie, who has in consequence of lameness not yet had a chance of distinguishing herself, is keeping well and sound under long steady exercise, and, if Mr. Walsh's hard luck does not intervene, she should be heard of at the ap proaching race meetings. Mr, Finnic has favoured me with the fol lowing list of foals, all of which are by Newbold, dropped during the season 1887 :— Sarcasm, bay filly, on 22nd August. Blaok Rose, bay colt, 17th September. Silver Hair, brown colt, on 9th August. Lady Baldwin, chestnut nlly, on 16th Sep tember. First Love, bay colt, on 26th August. Arab, bay filly, on 27th August. Zoe, bay filly, on 22nd August. Keepsake, bay colt, on 31st August. Fair Helen, bay colt, on Bth September. Minerva, bay filly, on 26th August. Matilda, brown colt, on 29th September. Lady Towns, bay filly, 21st October. Maid Marian, bay colt, Bth October. Bettina, chestnut colt, 13th November. Sound, bay colt, 28th September. India, bay colt, 29th October. Vision, chestnut colt, 25th November. Magnolia, bay colt, 16th September. Ray, chestnut colt, 21 at October. Heartsease, bay filly, Ist September. Glittering Spray, brown colt, 18th Sep tember. Margherita, bay filly, 27th Ootober. The following horses were landed in Brisbane recently from Sydney en route to Messrs. Palmer and Stevenson s Conobie station, Clon ourry :—The Knave, a brown stallion, by King Cole (imp.) from Traganini—Lady Elizabeth (imp.) by Fisherman (imp). Blaok colt, by Goldsbrough—Meditation, by Yattendon —Reflection, by Lugar—Mirror (imp). Homer, stallion, by Delhi—Poetess—Ellen Tree, by Topsail. Also for Gamboola station, MitoheU River, same owners: Sir Edward, brown stallion, by the celebrated Gemma di Vergy— Rosemary. Three of these horses are aged and have performed well in good company—in fact have run themselves out and cannot stand the severe strain of training—but are none the loss valuable for stud purposes for whioh they are intended. Tho breeding of all of them is un deniable, as the pedigrees of each can be traced into the English Stud-book. They will be a valuable addition to the stallions that were sent last year to the same station—where tho hone stock is an important item in station management, and where there are now upwards of 1000 horses. Colley is now on a fair way towards complete recovery. On Saturday morning last he walked with the aid of crutches from his home to tho Hcndra railway gates, a distance of little leas than half a mile ; and in at present at South port, where ho will recruit for a few weoks. Lady Godiva is to bo taken by steamer to Sydney shortly, but it is not known whether she will race there or not. Mr. Murray says he does not intend to let her run in Brisbane again, as the handioappers of the Q.T.C. on the last day of thoir Sammor Meeting said in effect though not in words: "Go home and take your mare with you; we do not want either of you hero." It ifl a pity that the handioappera treated Mr. Murray so badly, we have not such a huge number of desirable horse-owners and good horses here that wo can afford to strangle encouragement to new comers. A Townsville correspondent sends the follow ing:—Alpha, who figured conspicuously at Charters Towers on Boxing Day, is Baid to have broken down so badly that there are very poor chances of her racing again for some time. Little Petronel has ohangednands once more. This time he becomes the property of a Mr. J. Stout, who secured him at the small price of £120, and who intends to keep him racing for the present. The same gentleman also scoured Stewardess at £30. Constance has become the property of Mr. T. Enright. Mr. H. Boyd has bought St. Crispin, and J. Palmer has become the possessor of a full brother to the Southern hone Hilltop, a two-year-old, rather small, but with promises of improving. The youngster has been christened Belltop. Mr. Carsterns, of Port Douglas, has purchased the racers Impulse and Tragedian for £200. It is not correct, as stated by the Southern papers, that Mr. Madden, of Cooktown, won no less than six races at the Christmas races there. He won two races only —one with Battleaxe and one with Merry Monarch. Potronel did not oarry 9st. 61b., as roportod, when he won the New Year's Gift. Hia weight was 9st. 21b. When carrying 9st. 61b. in the Publicans' Puwo he was beaten after a great struggle with Rich mond Gem. The purchasers of the gates for the Q.T.C. Summer Meeting havo written stating that the attendance on the course on the first day (Thursday) did not exceed 2000, and that on the second day (Saturday! the number present must have been less, members included. The writer then says:—"ln fact, thousands of people in Brisbane did not know there were raoos at Eagle Farm on above dates as they were so badly advertised—or were they adver tised at all ? There were alao plenty of people who would have availed themselves of going if excursion tiokets had been issued from Ipswich and elsewhere on the second day. If members, ladies, trainers, and jockeys were compelled to pay at the outer gate it would be moro satis factory for the club, and that body would always realise more for the priviliges of the gates if they made this compulsory. It is astonishing the number of people that work the oracle at the gate. We have known men to get in with a trainer's or jockey's tioket that did not know a curry-comb from a dandy-brußh, but of oourse as they pro duoed the ticket we, under the existing rules, were compelled to let them pass." I have been informed by a member of the Q.T.C. committee that the work of taking the levels of the Eaglo Farm courso has been com pleted and that tenders are to be invited with out delay for the work of improving tho tracks. It is intended, I understand, to have both the training track and the courso proper made to an equal level, with a gentle slope to tho in side. The whole of the work is estimated to cost upwards of £1000. When it is finished the club will havo earned the thanks of the wholo of the racing community. At the sale of thoroughbred stock at the Caulfield stables last Thursday week the champion stallion Liberator, by Irish King- Mobile (imp.), was sold a bargain to Mr. Murphy for 190 guineas, and his destination is Queensland. " Augur" speaks of Liberator as one of tho handsomest hones in Australia. The following are the amounts won at the Centennial meeting of the Sydney Turf Club on Saturday week hut:—Mr. J. Chambers, £1500; Mr. T. Browne^ £850; Mr. W. Kelso, £270 ; Mr. T. Payten, £161; Hon. J. White, £150; Mr. J. Cannon, £146; Mr. T. Daly, £100; Mr. J. Gough, £94; Mr. E. Keys, £50; Mr. J. H. White, £20; Mr. P. Gilroy, £20. Total, £2851. It has been found that the injuries sustained by Dunlop in the Anniversary Handicap are more serious than was at first supposed, and the horse has had to be blistered. 