THE FROZEN PIRATE *■ ... W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Atitbcr of * Tho Wrock of tlio Grosrunor/ (; Lady Maud,’ 4 A BaQor’a Sweet heart,* Etc. Cau'rnit XIT,—A J*onpi.y Xiairr. land ft pipe of my own in iny portal; I ‘ feiohod;a small Mock of the black tobacco that wan in tho pantry, am], with Rome r /trouble, for it was as hard and dry as glass, ; ‘cnippcd off n bowlful and fell a-puffing with all Eho Mitisiaotion of u hardened lover of . , tobacco who him lcmg boon doniod hU ^favourite relish. The punch diffused a plconing glow through my frame, the /t.,toboceo,wftR lulling, the heat of the fire very fcodtkiiig, the hearty meiil l had eateu hud ahw marvullouHly i magma ted me, eo that I .found my-mind hi a x>osluro to justly and 't rationally cmisidor my condition, and to ^i'eason out such pwbabililies us,seemed to -W-nttochod to it. , First of nil I reflected that by the usual r. 'Operation of natural laws thin vast sent of * thrilling niul thiol:-ribbed ice* in which thoschooner lay bound was steadily travelling 'to,the northward, where in due course it ‘ /would dissolve, though that would not ’happen yet. . But us it. advanced ho would it •curry • me nearer to the path ways of ships aiaing these seah, imd any day might di.s r-close a sail near enough to observe sunli ’ -eigTuilH of smokeor ting as .[ might best con trive.'- But supposing no opportunity of this Jrind fo offer, then I ought, to l»e able to iiitd -: iii the vessel materials lit for the construe tionofii bout, if, Indeed, I met not with a , jpinnace of her own slowed under the main hatch,.: for there’^certainly was.no boat on • 'deck.- Nay, my uiyditutionn oven curried me \ ^furthor. TIuh was the winter season'of the ... jBOuthem hemisphere, but presently. the sun V ■would Incoming my way, whilst, "the ice, on :tJidother hand, floated towards him; if by tho wreek*iind dissolution of the island the . fichooner was not crushed, she niust he ro : leased, iu which ease, providing she was tight—and my brief inspection of her Bottom showed iiothiug wrong with her that ; was visible through the shroud of snow -I . should have a stout ship under me in which \ I would bo able to lie hove to, or even make shift to sail her if the breeze came from the south, and thus take my chance of being sighted and discovered. Much, I had almost said everything, do pended on the quantity of pm visions I ^..should find in her and particularly on tho stock of coal, for l feared I must perish if I 4’_‘ had not a lire. But there was the hold to be r. * explored yofc; tho navigation of these waters ' !'mti.st have been anticipated by the men of ! tho schooner, who were sure to makehimd aoui9) provision for the cold--and the surer ! : if, as 1 fancied, they w. re Spaniards. CVr ; ta inly they might liave exhausted their stock . of coal, but T euiild not persuade myself of this, since the lit up iu the corner of the cook room somehow or other was suggestive of a . jjtbre behind. 3! knew not yet whether more of the crew lay in the forecastle, hut so far I had encountered four men only. If these were all, then I hud a right to believe, grounding ihy fancy on the absence of boats, that most of tho compuuy had quitted the ship, and this they would have done early—a tmppo . eitioii that ’promised me a fair discovery of stores. Herein lay my hope ; if I could prolong my life for three or four months, , then, if the ice was not all gone, it would i have advanced far north, serving me as a , . ship uud putting mo in the way of delivering myself, either by the sight of a sail, or by . the schooner Heating free, or by my eon struction of a boat. Thus I sat musing, «f ill a. clearheaded way. could nnfcghuico' around r . I was bewitched. Tin \- furnace vuddilv gihhsl • through tho after-sliding door went Hie passage to the cabin in blackness : the ; storming of the wind was subdued into a. strange moaning ami complaining : often \ through thcbxly of the ship came the thrill • of a sudden explosion ; and haunting all was tho sense of the dead men just without, the frozen desolation of the island, the mighty world of waters in which it. lay. No 1 you ■ can think of no isolation comparable to this ; and I tremble its 1 review it, for under the thought, of tlie minimus loneliness of that time my spirit' nm-i ever sink uud break , It was melancholy in be without time, so I pulled out the gold watch 1 had taken from •, tho man on the rocks and wound it up, and • guessing at the hour, set. the hands at hnlf f- past four. Tho watch licked bravely. It wh« indeed a noble piece of mechanism, very \- costly mid glorious with its jewels, and more than a hint ns to the character of this /fichooner ; and had there been nothing else to .judge by I should still have sworn to her by . rthislwutch. My pipe being emptied, I threw some more ,<^oaht into tho furnace, ami putting a candle \- in the lantern went aft- to take, another view \ of tho little- cabins, iu one of which I resolved to fduep, for though the cook-room would have servcsl mo best whilst the fire burned, I : reckoned upon it making a colder habitation when'the furnace was black than those small •compartments in tho stern. The cold on ’’ ’ deck gushed down so bitiugly through the •open companion-hatch that I was fain to •cfo.se it, I mounted the steps, and with tnuoh ado shipped the cover awl shut the door, by which, ol course, the great cabin, as I •call the ' room in which the two men were, ‘ • wnfl idungod iu darkness; but tho oold wtt« "/.not tolerable, and the parcels of caudles in the larder rendered me indifferent to tho I venture to think, Yet all the same I without feeling as if red shining of the tin' cook-house: t. • On entering tho passage in which were, tho \- ..doors of the berths, I noticed tin object that had before escaped my oliMjrvtitiou—I mean ■’ a email trap-hatch, no bigger than a man ■*'’f hole, with a ring for lifting it, midway down ’ thalimo. I HUHpocted this to be tho entrance to tho lazaretto, and -putting both bauds to • the ring pulled the hatch up. I sniffed . cautiously, fearing foul air, and then Kinking tho lantern by the length of my arm I peered down, and observed the outlines of casks, \- halos, cases of white wood, chests, and so ■ forth. I dropped through tho hole on to a • cook, which left me my head and shoulders. ► above tho deck, and then with the utmost . . : caution utooped and throw iho lantern light around mo. But tho casks were not powder* barrels, which perhaps a little reflection might \- • have led ino to suspect, since it whs not to be * " supposed that any man would stow his powdorin tho lazaretto. ... Ah I wiw.iu the xvny of Hettling iny mis givings touoliing tho stock of food m tho ; fichooner, I rosoh*ed to pimh tluxmgli with Y'- this huHincBH at once, and fetching the 'chopper went to work u|M.m those liarrclrt uud chosts, and very briefly l will toll you what I fotuul. 1 First, I dealt with a ticrco that '■ 7 proved full ' of salt hoof. There was a whole row of theso tie roes, uud one Huffieed to ex prefs tlio nature of tho rest; thero were lip wards of thirty banvls of pork ; one canvas bale I rippod oi>cn was full of hums, \ and of theso baloa I countcd half a score. Tho‘ white cases hold biscuit. Thero wero several sucks of a number’of barrels of flour, oufiCH of caudlos, cheeses, a quantity of tobacco, not to mention a variety of jars of \- • sevoral sluipes, some of which I afterwards . . found to contain niarmahule and Hucemloes of different kinds. On knocking. tho head * off one cask I. found it hold u frozen body, '"' that by the light of tho lantern looked-tw ' black ilh ink • I'ehipi>ed off a bit, sucked v it, and found it wino. I was so transporterl by the sight of this wonderful plenty that I tell upon my kucos in an outburst of gratitude, and guvo hearty thanks to God for His mercy. There was no further iicxhI for mo to dismally wonder , whether I was to Btarvo or no; supposing tlio provisions sweet, here was food enough to last me throe or four yearn. I was so overjoyed and withal curious that I forgot all about the time, and flourishing tho , -chopper made the round of the lazaretto, sampling its freight by individual instances, bo that by tho time I wiu tired I lma ‘cnlargcsl tlio list I have given, hy discoveries ■of braudy, boor, oatmeal, oil, lemons, tongues, vinogiu*, rimi, and eight or tea othor mattery, all stowod very buuglingly, and in <o*many different kinds of casks, cases, jars, -^ubliahed by ijcoial arramjement with the author. aiid other vessels 'us disposed xno to believe that several pinitirad rummagings must Imre gone to the creation of this bundsomo anil jdonti i'ol atock of good ttiiugs. • Well, thought I, even if there be no more coal in tho ship than wlmt lies in the cook* bouse, enough fuel is here in the shape of casks, boxes, and the 111**; to thaw mo pro visions for six months, besides wlui-t I may corao across in the hold, along with the hammocks, bedding, boxes, and fo forth in the foivcaatle, all which would be good to fin'd my fire with. Tliis was a must com forting reflection, find I recollect springing out; through tho lazaretto hatch with as spirited a caper as ever I had cut at any time in my lifo. I replaced tho hatch-cover, and having resolved upon tho uftmost of tho four on bins as m3* bedroom, entered it to see what kind uf lUMKHinnodatibn it would yield mu. I liuug up tho lantern uud leaked into the cot, that was slung uUiwiirtcdiips, and spied a couple of rugH or blankets, whi<;li 1 pulled out, having no fancy to lie under them. 'Die dock was like an old clothes’ shop, ortho wavdrobo of a travelling troop af actors. From the non fusion in this uud the adjoining cabins I cun eluded that, then! hud been u rush at tho last, a wild overhauling and flinging about of clothes for articles of more value liiddiiu amongst them. . But just as likely as net the 'disorder merely indicated tho slovenly indifference of plundered to the fruits of a pillage that had overstocked Tho first garment I picked up was a cloak •of a sort of silk material, richly furred and lined ; all the buttons but one hud been cut off, and that which remained was silver. I spread it in the cot,as it was a soft thing to 1 he upon. Then I picked up a coat of tho fashion you will see in Hogarth’s engravings j—tho coat collar it broad fold, and the cull's to, the elbow. This was as good as 11 rug, | nml 1 put it into the cot with the other. 1 inspected others of tho articles on the deck, and among them recollect a. -gold-laccd waistcoat: of green velvet, two or three pairs of high-heeled shoes, a. woman’s yellow sacque, several frizzled wigs, silk stockings, pumps —in fine, the contents of the trunks of some dandy passengers, long since gathered to their forefathers no doubt, oven if the gentlemen of this schooner had nut then mnl there walked them overboard or split, their windpipes. But, to be honest, T. cauuot reimmil>era. third of what lay tumbled upon the* deck or hung against tho bulkhead. Bo far as my knowledge of costume went, every article pointed to-the date which I had fixed upon for this vessel. I swept the huddle of things .with my foot into a corner, and lifting* the lids of the boxes saw more clothes, some books, a collec tion of small arms, a couple of quadrants, and sundry rolls of paper, which proved to bo cl 1 arts of tiie islands of the Antilles and the western South American const, very in digested, There wore no papers of any kind to determine the vessel’s character, nor journal to acquaint me with her story. I was tired in my limbs rather than sleepy,,and went to the cook-room to warm myself at the tire and get. me some supper, meaning to sit there till the fire died out and then go to rest ; hut when I put my knife Jo the hum I found it ns hard frozen as when I lmd first met with it; so with the cheese ; and this though there lmd been a fire burning for hours ! 1 put the things into tho oven to thaw us before, and Hitting down fell very pensive over this severity of cold, which had power to freeze within a yard or two of the fnrnace. To he sure, the tire by my absence had shrunk, and the sliding d"nr being open admitted the.cold of the cabin; but the consideration was, how was I to resist the killing enfoldment of this atmosphere ? I had slept in the boat,, it is tine, and was none the worse ; and now I was under shelter, with the heat of. a. plentiful bellyful of meat uud .liquor to warm me ; but if wine and ham and cheese froze in an air in which a fire bad been burning, why not, I in my sleep, when there was no fire, and life heat weakly, as it docs in slumber .’ Those figures in the cabin were dismal warnings and assurances; they had-been men perhaps stouter and heartier in their day than ever I was, but they hud been frozen into stony images nevertheless, under cover, too, with the materials to make a fire, and its much strong wafers in their lazaretto ns would servo the schooner to float in. Well, thought f, alter a spell of melan choly thinking, if I am to perish of cold, there’s an end ; it is pre-ordained, and it is as easy as drowning, anyhow, and better than hanging; and with that T pulled out- the ham and found it soft, euongh to cut, finding philosophy (which, as the French cynic says, triumphs over past and future ills) not so hard because somehow I did not myself then particularly feel the cold - I moan, I was not certainly sutiering hero from that pain of frost which I had felt in the open boat. Having heartily supped, I brewed u pint of punch, and, charging my pipe, sat smoking with my feet against the furnace. It was after eight o’clock by the watch I was wearing. I knew by the humming noise that it was blowing a gale of wind outside, nml from time to tunc tin; decks rattled to a heavy discharge of hail. All sounds were naturally much subdued to my cur by the ship lying in a hollow, and 1 being in her with the hatches closed: but this very faintness of uproar formed of itself a quality of mystery very pat to the ghastliness of my surroundings. It was like the notes of ail elfin storm of necromantic imagination; it was hollow, weak, and terrifying; aud it and t.ho thunder of tho seas commingling, together with the rumbling blasts and shocks of splitting ice, disjointed as by an earth quake, loaded tho inward sileuco with Un earthly tones, which my hmelvand quickened imagination readily furnished witli syllables. Tho lantern diffused but a small fight, and the fliokeriug of the lire made a movement of shadows about me. I was separated from the great cabin where the figures were by tho little nrms-rootu only, and the passage to it ran (hero in blackness. It Htnuigely and importunately entered my head to conceive, that though theso nun were frozen and stirless they were not dead, us , corpses. are, bxit us a stream whose current, chocked by ioo, will flow when tho ioo Is melted, flight not lifo in them be suspended by the cold, not ended 1 There is vitality in the seed though it lies a dead thing in the. hand. Those men are corpses to my eye hat, said I to myself, they may have the principles of life in them, which heat might mill into being. Putrefaction is a natural law, hut it is baulked by frost, and just as decay is hindered by cold, might not the property of life bo left unaffected in a body, though . it. should ho numbed in a mnrblo form for fifty years ? •Tliis was a terrible fancy to possess a man situated us I was, and it so worked in me that again and again I caught myself looking fust forward, then aft, as though, Heaven help me ! my secret instincts foreboded that at any moment I should behold some form from tho forecastle, or one of those figures in the cubiu, Htulkiug in, and coming to • my side silently seating himself, I pshaw’d and pish’d, and querulously naked of myself what manner of English sailor was I to suffer such womanly tenors to visit me ; bnt it would not do ; I oould not smoke; a coldness of tho heart fell upon me, and set me trembling above any sort of shivers which the frost of tho air hod chosed through me ; and pre sently a hollow creak Hounding out of tho hold, caused by some movement of the bed of tho ice on which tho vessel lay, I wan seized with a panic terror and sprang to my feet, and; lantern in hand, made for tho com panion ladder, with a prayer in me for the sight of a star ! I durst not look at the figures, but, setting the light down at tho foot of tho ladder, squeezed through the companion-door on to tho deck. My fear was a fever in its way, and I did not feel the uold. There was no star to be seen, but the whiteness of the1 the ice was flung out in a wild strango glare by tho blackness of the sky, and made a light, of its own. It was tho most savage and terrible picture ofsolitndo tbo invention of man could reach to, yet I blessed it for tho relief it gave to my ghost-enkindled imagination; ; No squall was then passing ; tho rocks rose np 011 cither hand in 11 ghastly glimmer to the ebony of tho heavens ; tho gale swept over head in a wild, mad blending of whistlings, roarings, anti cryinga in many keys, falling on a sudden into a doleful wailing, thon riding iu u breath tn the ftill furv of its con cert ytlw, Kft- tlmnderod like the t-aimon iKllng of an electric storm, tmd you would have mid tJuit the rending aiid crackling uoisos of tho ice were responses to tho crush lug blows of thu hails of shaddow-hidden orduanoo. Hut tho soene, tho uproar, the vcnocri of the wind wore real—a hotter cordial to my spirits than it gallon of tlio mellowest | vinbtgo below ; and presently, when the ! cold wia boginuiug to pierce mo, my courage I was m much tho better for this excursion I into tho hoarse and black and gleaming realities of the night, that my heart bent at its usual measure tin I passed tlirongli the liutch and went again to the cook-room. I was, however, sure Unit if I sathere long , listening and thinking, fear would return. A small tire still Imnied ; I put a saucepan on. it, and popped in .a pieeu of tho flesh water ioc, hut on handling the brandy X found it hiinlfiet. The heal of the oven was not miOlcicntly great to thaw me a dram, so to save further trouble iu tliis way I took, the chopper mid at one blow split open the jar, and there then lay before me the solid lx>dy of the brandy, front which X chipped off ils much as I needed, and thus procured a hot and animating draught. linking out tho fiiv, I piektxl up the , lautern, and was about to go, then halted, ! considering whether I should not stow the | freuseu provisions away. It was a natural thought, seeing how precious food was to me. But, alas 1 it mattered not where they lay ; they wore as secure hero hh if they were snugly hidden in the bottom of the hold. It t was the wliitc realm of 'death ; if ever a rat had emwled in this ship, it was in its hiding place, us stiff and idle as the frozen vessel. So l let the lump of brandy, the ioc, ham, and so forth, rest where they were, and went to the eubiu X. hiul chosen, involuntarily ! peeping at ’tho figures, as I passed, and (mrrying tho faster, because of the grim and terrifying liveliness put into the man who sat shirting from the table by the swing of tho lantern in my hand. i I shut the door and hung the lantern near tho cot, having tho flint and box iu my pocket, • There was indeed an abundance of candles in tho vessel, nevertheless it was my business to husband them with tho utmost niggardliness, blow long I was to bo im prisoned here, if indeed I was over to bo delivered, Providence alone knew; and to rim short of candles would add to the terrors of my existence, by'forcing mo either to open the hatches and ports for light, and so filling the ship with the deadly air outside, or living in darkuess. There were a cloak and a coat in, the cot, but they would not, sutlice. The fine cloak Iliad taken from tho man on the rocks was on deck, and till now Iliad for gotten it ; there wits, however, plenty of apparel in the corner to servo as wraps,' and having chosen enough to smother me I vs lilted into the cot, and so covered myself that tlio clothes were above the level of the sides of the cot. I left the lantern burning whilst T made Hire my bed was all right, and lay musing, feeling extremely melancholy ; the hardest part was the thought of those two men watching iu tho cabin. Tho most fantastic alarms possessed me. Suppose their ghosts ciime to the ship at midnight, and, entering their bodies, quickened them Into walking / Suppose they were iu the condition of outaleplies, sensible of wlmt passed around them, but paralysed to the motionless and seeming insensibility of death ! Then the very garments under which I lay' were of a proper kind to keep a man in my situation quaking. My imagination went to work to tell me to whom they hail belonged, the bloody ends their owners had mot at the hands of the miscreants who despoiled them. I caught myself listening—and there was. enough to hear, too, what with the subdued roaring of the wind, the splintering of ice, the occasional creaking—not tuiliko a heavy booted t read—of the fabric of the schooner— to the blasts of the gale against her masts, or to a movement in the bed on which she But plain sense came to my rescue at last. I resolved to have no more of iliesc night fears, so, blowing out the caudle, f put my head on the coat that formed my pillow, resolutely kept 1113' eyes shut, ami after awhile fell asleep. 