MR. 0. H. SPURG EON'S NEW CREED:' The following is the New Creed formulated by Mr. 0. H. Spurgeon and whioh he expects all the students of his College to acquiesee in ; :-;v- We, as a body of men,- believe in- the "doctrines of. grace," what are popularly styled Calvinistio views (though we by no- means bind ourselves to the teaching of1 ! Calvin, or any other. uninspired man), but we do not regard as vital to our fellowship any exact agreement upon all the disputed-pointe of , any system, yet we feel that we could not receive into this our union any who did not an-- feignedly believe that salvation is all of-the free grace of God from first to last, and is not according to human merit, but by tbe unde served favour of God. We believein the eternal purpose of the Father, the finished redemption of the Son, and tho effectual work of the Holy Ghost. (1) The Divine inspiration, authority,, and sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures. ' (2) The right and duty of private judgment in the interpretion of the Holy Scriptures, and the need of the teaching of the Holy Spirit; to a true and spiritual understanding of them. (3) The unity of the Godhead and' the Trinity of the persons therein, namely, the Father; the Son, and the Holy Ghost. (4) The true and proper Godhead of our Lord Jobus, and his real and' perfect man-' hood. - '.'V - (2) Tho utter depravity of human nature in consequence of the -Fall, which Fall is no fable nor metaphor, but a literal and sadly praotical fact. (6) The substitutionary sacrifice of-the Lord Jesns Christ, by which alone sin is taken away, aud sinners are saved. (7) Tbe offices of -bar Lord, as Prophot, Priest, and King, andaB the one Meditator be tween God and man.- > (8) Tbe justification of the sinner by- faith alone, through the blood and righteousness of the Lord Jesus Christ. ; (9) The work of the Holy Spirit in the re generation; conversion, sanolifioation, and preservation of the saved. (10) The immortality of the souly the the resurrection of the body, and! the judge- ment of the world to come by our Lord Jesus, which judgement will be final, according to the words of the Great Judge: 'These shall .go away into eternal punishment, but the righteous into eternal life." (11) The Divine institution of the Christian ministry, and the obligation and perpetuity of the ordinances of Believers' Baptism and the Lord's Supper. We utterly abhor the idea of a new Gospel or an additional revelation, or a shifting rule of faith to he adapted to the ever-changing spirit of the age. In particular we assert that the notion of probation after death, and tlm ul timate resoration of condemned spirits, is so unscriptural and unprotestant, and so unknown to all Baptist Confessions of Faith, and draws with it such consequences, that we are bound to condemn it and to regard it as one with which we can hold no fellowship. 