beechworth public library and burke museum. The people of Beecbworth are justly proud of their public library and museum, \- which has for years been one of the " show" institutions of the town. .Visi tors invariably express their pleasure and astonishment at finding so extensive a . collection of choice books ana curiosities, and so excellently furnish 3d and managed an establishment, in a town which maybe fairly described as being situated in the Interior of Australia. Bat, although the Beechworth institution, cwing to the Intelligent and almost parental care which has been lavished on it for years by such enthusiastic gentleman as Mr j. J. Aedioel, now of Melbourne, but for ' many years the honorary secretary of this public library, is. out cf all propor tion, the most complete, not only in the district, but, by universal assent, between Melbourne and Sydney, .ve are pleased lo say tbera is not a single town, and scarcely a hamlet, in the North-East which dooa n-j boast o( a reading-room, of more ev pretension. In every Case, to be sure, their creation has been, as their exiotence continues to, bo dne to the earnestness of a comparatively few members of each community, and even the Beechworth institution does not receive a tithe of the consideration it deserves from the general public:: But, paradoxical though it may appear, that affords oho of the primary reasons for their establishment. Because, a desire for information and a thirst for know ledge, however latent it may be, is to be found everywhere amongst an energetic population, and only requires to be aroused and provided with the proper pabn- 1 Ium on whieh it feeds and thrives. The- process may be slow, but it is sure, and it will, no doubt, become more active and ap parent as education progresses, But it was not our present purpose to discuss the measure of support which these institu tions receive, or lack, from the persons Whom they are intended to serve. We refer to the subject now only in reference 1 ' to a communication ' which has beet) received from the Under-Secretary by the Beechworth Poblic Library com mittee, and which wasread at tbe last meet ing of that body. The letter states that . ." no farther book grant wouid be made until local contributions were obtained # f .equal to the grants already received." This oertainly seems an arbitrary pro-- seeding, although- we can scarcely say . V how, or to what extent, it wouid affect tbe Beechworth and other' libraries of — . this district. But of this we are certain. if the proposition involves any, less ' - :_liberality on the part of the Government than has hitherto been exorcised, it is worse than an injustice, because it is a mistake. We . find in the . Estimates for the enrrent financial year, in addition to £8100 " for the purpose of aiding \-- the building funds of free libraries," a sum of £7500, towards " the purchase of books for free-libraries and- assistance j, ; to- country museums." 'Grants, from this latter, are " to be made in propor tion to the' sum, in the aggregate, not less than £5; collected by private 6ub- , , . „8criptioD or local rates during 1887 ; no ! j grant' to apy" one library to ..exceed £150." .. According "to another-'- con- v dition';- one-eighth- of ' this 'sum;, of . f £7500 (not more) may be divided amongst' the' institutions in Melbourne proper, and within a radios of t6n miles, \- independently, of course, of the Mel-, bourne PablieLibrary. Now, considering, thattiie vote for the metropolitan Public "Library, Museum and'National Gallery -.mounts this year to £24,741, it is a little eveu 'One-eighth of, the ' paltry sum, ajl >|ber fibraries ahedd be absorbed t>7 Re IKffiaaato snbarbflof Melbonrne, all within reach of these priucel- institutions by train,, at a few minutes' intervals, and at a tithe of the country fares, leaving only a little over £6500 for all the other libraries and museums in the colony. We do not begrudge tbe Melbourne people their magnificent and costly institution ; but if tbis late ukase of the Under-Secretary is still further to reduce tbe Government grant, we say it is a mean and unworthy attempt at farther cemralisation, and further robbery of the country people. Fashionable Makriage. — All Saiats' Church, Sandhurst, on the afteraoon of the 5thinst. was crowded, when Miss Mary Millin, second daughter of Mrs Millin, of that city, Alas married to Mr C, F. Kennedy, the well-known solicitor. The church had been tastefully decorated by the friends of the bride, and a full choir was present, Mr C. H. King presiding at the organ. The Rev J. Garlick officiated. The bride who, was given away by her uncle, Dr Briorley, wore a rich cream corded silk with long train cut from the bodice and falling in thick folds. The bodice was plain, laced down the front, and -finished at the neck with rich cream lace. The front of the skirt was very slightly draped, with lace. The brides maids, Misses Annie and Nettie Millin (sisters of the bride), and Hetty Kennedy (sister of the bridegroom) wore cream surah with flounces of lace, full fronts of lace, finished at the waist with pointed bands of velvet, cream net Gainsboro bats and fans. Mrs Millin wore a'dress of sage.green faille, long draperies ef silk, with pleated panel of cream merveilleux, a pointed vest of cream, and bonnet to match. Sirs Trench (sister of the bride) wore a dress of black failic, with panels of white silk, V shaped plastron of full white silk with revers of faille, the neck and sleeves finished with piccl-edged ribbons : black bonnet Mr D. B. Lazarus acted as best man to the bridegroom. At the conclusion of the ceremony the guests were entertained at Newington, Mrs Milliri'a private residence, and the usual good wishes were expressed. The newly-married pair left for Melbourne by thelasfctrain. Thebride woro a travelling costume of gray cashmere and silk. The skirt was handsomely draped over panels of grey silk ; collars and revers of grey velvet, the neck and -sleeves finished with white ribbon ; hat to match. The bride was the recipient of many handsome pre sents. Iu the evening Mrs Millin enter tained a large number of people at a dance. A Stolen Watck. — On Friday evening a valuable watch and chain, the property of Mr-James Cowan, were stolen from the Horse and Jockey Hotel, Wangaratta. Mr Cowan immediately reported the matter to the police, and two old men named Thos. Riley and-Jas. Johnson, with the stolen property in their possession, were arrested at Glenrowan on Monday by Constables Hayes and Purcell. The men were brought before Messrs Brash, Trot- man and-pArfitt, J.P.'s, at the Wangaratta Police Court on Tuesday, charged with larceoy.ir. company from a dwelling. Ser geant Steele said that n watch was stolen from the Horse and Jockey Hotel from the bedroeni of Mr Jame3' Cowan, aud had been round in the possession of the accused when' arrested. A 3eccnd robbery was committed the same day, Friday, and one of the stolen watches " was found near the place where the accused camped at Glen rowan. Mr Cowan was away from Wanga ratta, and he therefore would ask that the prisoners be remanded for seven days, so as to gerinii of further evidence being brought forward. The Bench remanded the accused until the 17th inst. The Australian Centenary. — The Victorian. Government have decided to gazette Thursday, 2Gth inst. (the anniver sary of the landing of the -first settlement in Australia TOO years ago), as a national holiday. Trustees ant, Executors' Companies. — The following are the latest quotations for shares in the undermentioned companies : Perpetual Executors and Trustees, seller 82s. Trustees, Executors, and Agency, buyer £7 9s, sales £7 12s Gd. Union Trustees, selleriSSa. Tes Gippslaue Hop Crop.— The hop crop this ye.-ic in Gippsland Moss not promise to be a, very large one. From what the "Mercury" can gather, -there are 120 acres on the Mitchell, 30 on the'Tambo River, -40 at Briagolotig, and 20 at "(Upper Maura, making a total of 210 acres. A Licensing Provision. — It ic not generally known that, under the provisions of the new Licensing Act foreigners .must obtain letters of naturalisation before they can obtain. a license. L case of this kind cropped up at the sitting of the Melbourne Licensing Court on Tuesday . An It.ah'c.n named Andr-uzzio Fraticicco applied for .a colonial wins license. It appeared that the applicant-had applied for naturalisation papers, and they were about to be issued,' to him. His Honor said that the provision- above referred to came upon them as; rather a surpriee, and the court would, ' under the circumstances, grant the appli cation. Beechworth Police Court. — At this court on Tuesday, before Mr W. H. Foster. P.M., Alfred Clancy was sum moned by the Beechworth Mining Board for driving 4300 sheep across the common 011 the 9th ult., without giving notice to the herdsman. Mr Ziucke appeared for the mining board, and Mr Tnthili for defendant. The defence was that Clancy did not know he was on the common until he was told so by Mr Martin, in whose property ho had paddocked the sheep at night. After hearing evidence, tbe Bench imposed a fine of £3, with £2 2s costs, which were paid, Daniel Michael O'Con nor summoned William Tomliuson for £4 12\. Mr Perry appeared for defendant. A mutual understanding between the parties having been come to, the case' was struck out, and the court adjourned. A Dangerous Spot. — During the re cent heavy rains the bridge over the creek at Paddy's Gully, near the Bowman's Forest railway-station, was washed away, and as it . was ' on the main road to Whorouly, considerable inconvenience has been caused. The matter was ; brought under the , notice of the Beechworth United Shire Council, at its last meeting, when the engineer was instructed to pre pare plans' aud specifications and provide for-the- re-erection. of- the -bridge. ..(This course; willy--. of. -necessity, . occupy - some time, 'and meanwhile arrangements should be roadejfor- providing as good aj crossing1 as under fhe'circamstauces is practicable, j by . levelling the creek bank. which could be' dbiie in a/ couplevof days "-by the' road- moo.. . Thej present crossing, is jijbt. only difficult)'' ' but unsafe "and dangerous; "and Mr ' Mi Dbad; of Beechworth;' informs us thaV'when'dfiving to Whorouly. the other day iff took out his Horses and- gulled the buggy acrp'sn him'solf,' rather' th'an risk the' possibility'; 0 an accident- at - the spot iu qu'estioti: , 'Mr 'M. 'O'Donnell; '.of Merriang, . gi'iug'on aisitr tb'Mr'R- 'Milne, also took the precaution to help a lady aud - several chii&ren; Jrom his buggy before <he nego- tiated ;Affe "crossing, which, by skiuul .piloting of well- trained horses, he managed in safety. — <\ Sale at Indigo. — We would call atten tion to au important sale to be. conducted, by Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. on Friday, : when the late Mr Thos. G. , B. Smee s; farm' of 28G acres at Tnd'go. Greek, together; with stock, agricultural implements and, sundries, will bo offered to, public . com petition. The property being a valuable one should attract a largo attendance at the sale and excite. spirited bidding. ... Sports at Bethanga. — The annual sports at Batbanga were held on New fear's Day in the park. The following are the results : — Maiden Plate Nine starters. Brown 1. Dolphin 2, Ryan 3. Handicap, of 3sovs. Nine starters. First heat — Bergin 1, Bentley 2 ; second heat — Fortescue 1, Jensen 2. First ties— Fortescue 1, Ryan 2 ; second ties— Bergin 1, Torr 2. Final heat— Bergin 1, For tescue 2, Torr 3 ; a very close finish. Tilting at the Ring— Nine starters. Hen derson 1, J. Smith 2. Hurdle Race.— Ei«ht starters. J. Bentley 1, Ryan 2. Very good race. Horse-jumping.— Seven starters.. W. A. Lobban's Brown Girl, 4ft Sin. Boys' Race. — Seven starters. Walter Bentley. Consolation Stakes. Seven starters. A. Hill 1, Torr 2. Won easily- ' Art Galleries. — The Ohief Secretary has at hi3 disposal a small sum of money for distribution to ceuntry bodies desiring to establish art galleries in their centres of population, but those desiring te partici pate should send in their applications at once, as Mr Deakin intends to allocate the grant in a fortnignt's time. Ballarat now has an art gallery, while one is being established at Sandhurst, and a movement has been initiated at Warrnambool to secure a similar institution. The united shire council or the library committee should seek to participate iu the grant, to establish in Beechworth an institution of the character indicated. Cattle for Market. — On the uorthern lines 28 trucks of cattle were conveyed to Melbourne on Tuesday on the north-eastern lines 140, 011 the western lines 14, and on the eastern lines 34, making 916 trucks in all, or about 2200 head of cattle trucked for Wednesday's market, ill addition to those travelled. A Remarkable Year.— This year will be one worth watching. It will require no less than thirteen numerals, thus — mdccclxxxvhi. This number has never before been needed, and will not again be required for 1000 years. Another pecu liarity about it is that although there will be (as usual) only 52 weeks, yet there will be 53 Sundays. Now, literally speaking, this arrangement makes the Sundays all at the end of each week instead of at the beginning, because the last week of last year began with Sunday, aud as two Sundays cannot occur in one week it is quite clear that 1S88 begins its first week on a Monday. Of course it is owing to this year being leap year that this curi ous arrangement comes about. A Cyclist's Mountain Journey. — A long bicycle ride over country hitherto unexplored by the cyclist has been accom plished by Mr G. A. Thome, of the Melbourne Cycling Club. The rider took train to Wodonga, and from thence rode aloug a bush road which follows the Murray river through TintuHra to Towong, a distance of about 100 miles. He thou shaped a course southward, following a bush t-.; --k, rideabie in most pHces ; reached Cjrryong aud Nariel, and then crossed the Gibbo range of mountains. After this the rider continued the tour down over the Omeo Plains, to Otneo, and from thence to Tatnbo and Bruthen, and on to Bairnsdale and Sale, taking the train home from the latter place, as his holidays of twelve days had expired. Altogether 340 miles were covered, and some straDge experiences met with, as the rider had to ford several rivers with his bicycle, and scale steep mountains ; nevertheless, he returned to town a couple of pounds heavier in weight, owing, perhaps, to the -hospitality of station managers aud selectors called oti on the route. A Well-supforted Fund. — The Ma jority Fund of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, established when that body celebrated its 21st anniversary a3 a united church in 1S8G, now amounts to £22,000. Among the latest subscriptions not yet published are the following amounts : — Mr William Halliday, M.L.C., of Brookong, N.S.W., £IG00 ; Mr James Halliday, £100; Mr Angus Robertson, J. P., of Yarrabee-park, N.S.W., £1600. Melbourne Seeep Market. — In the above market on Tuesday the supply of fat sheep was a moderate one, viz., 21,000,- and included a fair -sprinkling cf good and prime .quality. Best sheep were in re quest, and iu some instances a slight ad vance on last week's rates was obtained for such, .while sales ef second aud inferior descriptions were dull at lato. quotations. , Prime crossbred wetkerr sold at from lis to 12 ; good do, 10s to 20s Gd ; others from 8s 6d. Prime merino wethers made fr< a 9s Gd to 10s 9d ; good do, Ss Gd to :!. ; second and inferior ae, 6s to -i-s. Fat Lambs. — 5503 were penned. The demand .for all, except a few of the best lots, was dull, and prices ruled a shade easier. Prime quality .made from 64 Gd to 10s Gd ; a -few to lis Gd good do, 7e 6d to 8s Gd ; second and inferior do, os Od to 6s 6d. The Beeckwcrih Police District. — Sub-inspector Srwiu, who has been .ap pointed to the cfe&rge; of the abeve district, has arrived in Beechworth, where he intends taking up his residence. The Incoming Mail. — The mails by the P. .and O. Company's mail steamer' Shannon, up to date December 3th, are expected iio reach Spencer-street by the Adelaide express on Saturday morning, 14th inst. The steamer is likely to arrive in the Bay on Sunday. A Nf.w Bgsifage. — The sporting editor of the Sydney " Daily Telegraph" says: — " T. Coffey, the well-knowu trainer in the sister colony, has given up ki3 stables at Fleinington and turned boniface, his head quarters being Hewlong." School Prizes. — We notice by the "Church of England Guardian" that Miss Claudine Acocks, daughter of the Rev. Canon Acocks, of Albury, has keen a prizetaker at the annual examination at the Clergy Daughters' School, Waverley. Housebreaking at Wangaratta.— On Friday night or Saturday morning last the watchmaker's shop of Mr W. L. Jones, Wangaratta, was entered, and two watches stolen. As yet the. police- have not ar rested the robbers, but it is said that they have a strong clue. - Grants Approved. — E. Robinson, 19a Or 4p, Bright ; W. R. Riddington, oa, Yackahdandah, ; :. Athletic.— At the athletic sports held at Geelongon Monday, 2nd iBst., Mr Eugene Kheebone, of Bowman's Forest, was successful in two events'— Putting the scone, which he threw a distance, 'of 34 feet 4in., and standing high jump, the height jumped being 4ft. 4in. j A Splendid Yield.— News has been received from Croydon (Queensland) that the Queen Prospecting '.Claim .has crushed 120 tons of quartz for the handsome return of 1527 oz. gold.- -_ Greta. — A boy named Robert Adams had a" narrow escape from snakebite at Greta on Friday morning. In walking carelessly along, he put his foot upon two, large tiger snakes,'- one of which instantly ceiled round his leg, the other remaining iu its former posicion, apparently in a semi- dormant state. Adams dispossessed him self of itlie reptile as speedily as possible, by jumping about, and at once made off to the police station,- where an examination was made of the leg, but no indication of a puncture could be observed, reports the " Standard." Notwithstanding this, the boy was closely watched for some time, but fortunately it transpired that he had escaped being" bitten."" During a recent thunderstorm which passed over the Greta district several' Harrow escapes from accident by lightning are reported to have occurred. W hilst returni ng to Greta from Wangaratta in a buggy,- three persous, whose names we have been unable to ascertain, experienceda very narrowescape, as a tree a short distance from them was struck with great force, and several of the splinters fell into and about the vehicle. At Greta, whilst a. girl named M'Dohald was milRing a cow, the latter was struck dead in the bail. Luckily the girl was only slightly injured. Independent Church Mission. — A week's continual mission was commenced at the Independent Church, Collins-street east, Melbourne, on Monday, in celebra- tion of the centenary of Australia, the objects of which were— "1. To engage the people of God in earnest, unceasing, believing prayer for a gracious outpouring of ..the Holy Ghost during - the ensuing year. 2. To draw the attention of this community to the many and great mercies which Australia has enjoyed at the hands of Almighty God,- during the first century of her existence as a British possession ; in view . of the approaching Centennial Exhibition — the duty of our uniting iri a public act of National Thanksgiving. 3. To arrange for mission services in town and country, in which the Christian churches — together with all other Christian agencies, and with the help of all Christian men and womsn — shall endeavor to secure that the whole population of Victoria shall have the offers of salvation, through the blood of the cross, -brought within their reach during the coming twelvemonth. 4. To promote the increased circulation of the Holy Scriptures and the reading of them iu private and in the families of the people ; to encourage family religion and the more careful training of the young ; and to urge upon the whole community a deeper regard for, and more earnest observance of, the Lord's Day." The Parkes Fund. — That Sir Henry Parkes has many friends and sympathisers in this district in his financial adversity, remarks the "Border Post," is shown by the fact that a gentleman residing in Albury has collected £150 in town and district, whieh will be added to the general fund, which now reaches about £9000. Good Sport. — A party of eight "knights of the trigger," residents of Benalla, re cently had exceptionally good sport, the company bagging 800 ducks for a day's shooting. The ducks were got on some swamps in the vicinity of the town. The Chinese Question. — During the stay in Melbourne of Sir Samuel Griffiths, the Queensland Premier, he will have an interview with Mr Gillies on the Chinese question. The influx of Celestials is now. one of the burning questions in Queens land, and the two Premiers, remarks the "Herald," will go into the matter with a view to agreeing upon some means of cop ing successfully with its threatening dangers. The Close Season. — Many persons who have had opportunites of correct obser vation aver that the close season of wild duck and teal as at present fixed closes 3 great deal too early. It is stated that this season when shooting commenced on the 21st December, according to law, there were in the various lagoons, lakes, and rivers, immense numbers of young and unfledged ducks, aud that many of these were destroyed. The Rushworth Shire Council is about to take the matter up, and Councillor Taylor, of that body, has given notice to move that the Government be urgeed to extend the close season from the 21st December to the 3lst January. 