TALES AND SKETCHES. THF FATAL THREE. A NOVEL BY M. E. BRADLlON. Iethor ok "Lady Audley's Secret," 1Vlv:n," "Iehmael," "Like and Unlike," &a; , Sc., &tt; B'lOK THE FIRST.— CLORTIO ; OR, THE SPINNING OFTHE WEB. Chatter XIV. — Luting the Certain. The charity concert nfforded Caesar Castel- !am just the necessary excuse for going ' to Eadeiby Mauor House as often as he liked, anil for staying there as loiig as ho liked. Ho Mas now on a familiar footing. Ho drove or rouo over from ltiverdalc nearly every day in tho three weeks that intervened between Mr. Uccellor's sermon and the afternoou concert, llo made himself the curate's right hand in all the details of the entertainment. Ho chose the music, he wroto the programme, ho sent it to his favorite printer to be printed in antique type upon ribbed paper, a perfect gem in the way of a programme. Ho scoured the country round in quest of amateur talent, and was much more successful than the cnralc had been in the same kind of quest. lin astounded at your persnading Lady hit lborough to show in the dnyliglit," said Mr. holhnson, laughing. " You must have exer cised the tongue of the serpent to overcome her vlijcctiou to the glare of tlio afternoon sun." ' J-.iotc prudentts sicuti serpentes," said Castellani. " There's a fine old ecclesiastic's m j ou' I know Lady Millliorough rather dreads tho effect of sunlight upon tier iifluc Bernhardt. Sho told mo that she was never equal to singing in the afternoon : tho glare ot tho sun always gave her a headache. But I assured her in tho first placo that thero should bo no sun glare — that as an artist I abhorred a crude, whitelight— aud that it should ">y business to see that our coucert room was ightcd upon purely artistic principles. Wo would hava tho dim religious light which painters and poets lovo ; aud in the second place I assured her that she had as fiuo n cou-' ua to as Madame Alboni, on whose knees I au often sat us a child, and who gavo mo tho emerald pm I was wearing." n„i'i: y liat' u'lmt a man you aro !" exclaimed , "But do you mean to say wo are K w 0U- conccrt the dark ?" H'nT c ''"J ut havo tho afternoon suushine tliDdiug half our audience. Wo will have the lu a cool twilight, aud wo will have hunphght on our platform— just that mellow Si '""'be light in which elderly women .twrne,a T0UUC women angelic," I, t u,rcrJ'ltli"B to you," cried tho trnno i . wo ught to leavo him free \ri'i 1e ' wo 110t' Mr"' Greswold ?" Tk!. ossDtod. Pamela was entiiusiastic. life ?aCiriiWa.s ',0 oa ' "l0 ovonts of- her sesm-l. 1 ' IlaJ 'I'scovcrcd that sho pos- sinr. n 5,lttrini?K mezzo soprano. Sho was to duelnf W Oil what rapture, a tod lovo aaddcath.lU'>06''iOU' nlUt rSCS WW ',on,R " ,hu T'Sbihieale's song Were enough lor my heart and me>. , m,i® ,7. a1a 1110 vo!ce9 W'bto interwoven in together "ala ' lCno-r an<1 E0l'ran0 entwined P'cs inu1emg"lmUg gaiU lik th olhced n ? tllia 000 lluot n'ouo tt Euder'hv' a "'-'0 li0 "early every day lisustiblo mil m.usic"m goucrally has incx- Castellani hl,CUC01ni acIl'ns llia owu mus'e. uoto witi, i)"""? at over y bar and every tnplcasant Im"!' ' or not llos'tato nt tpcn«ive ine? »' l10, ''ad rccoivcd'tho. most _peusne instruction from a well-know., H.li i 'e, according to Castollani every-' tlnug she had boon taught was wrong, "If you had been left alono to sing as the birds'sing you would be ever so much better off," ho said; t v 1 i?a? !las mim'erC(1 a vorv line orgau. If I r,aa "ad the teaching of you", vou would have snug as well as Trcbclli by tliis'time." Pamela thrilled at tho thought. : Oh to.sing like some great singer— to he able to soar skv- " ,th? WMg, of music— to sing as Ac sang. 5ho had known him a fortnight bv this time, and was deeply ia love with him. In moments of confidence by the piano he called "umI"1' treating her almost as if she were a child j yet Willi a touch of gallantry' always — au aw that said— " You aro. beautiful, dear aud_you know it-hut I liavo lived iny life. Before MYs, Grcswold lie was more foruialj and called her Miss Rausoiue. II !r"fr8 werc down how between River- dale and the Manor. Mrs. Hillersdon was going to make an extra largo house-party on purpose, to -patronisc the concert. It was to be on the 7th of September. The partridge shooting would bo in full swing, and the shooters assembled, Mrs, Grcswold had been to tea at Riverdale. There seemed to be no help for- it, and. George Greswold" was ap parently indifferent. : " 41 Nearest, your purity of mind will be in ni rora Mrs; Hillersdon-— even were she . Louise Lorraine, she could not harm- yon —and.yoa: know I am not given to consider the (/turn dira't oc insuch a case. Let her come here by all means, so long as she is not obnoxious to you." ' - . ; <; Sheis far fromtbat. 1 think she has the most delightful manner® of any woman 1 ever met." . bo. no doubt had Circo : vet sho changed men into swine. " " ' ' Mr, Cancellor would not believe in her ii she were not a good woman. " 'n T should seta higher value on Mr. Can cellor s opinion if ho were more of a man of the world, and loss of a bigot. Soo what nonsense he talked about the Deceased Wife's Sisters Bill." Nonsense I Ob, George, if you knew how it distressed mo to hear you take thc-other sido —the unchristian side." ' ' I can find no word of Christ's against such marriages, and the Church of old was always ready with a dispensation' for any mch union, if it was made rvorth tho Church's while to bo in dulgent. You are Canceller's pupil, Mildred, and I cannot wonder if he hns made you some thing of a bigot." " He is tho noblest and most unselfish of men." ; " I admit his unselfishness— the purity of his intentions— rtlic tenderness of his heart— bill I deny his nobility. Ecclesiastic narrow mitidedncss spoils a character that might' 'have been perfect had it been less bound and' ham pered by tradition. Cancellor is a couple of centuries behind the time! . His church is the church of Laud." , ".I thought yon admired and loved him; George," said Mildred regretfully. I admire his good qualities ; I love him for his thoroughness ; but oiir creeds are wide apart I cannot even pretend to think as he thinks," . . : ! . This confession increased Mildred's, sadness. She would have had her husband thiuk as she thought, belietcas she believed, in all spiritual things. The beloved child they had lost was waiting for theiu in Heaven ; ami she. would fain that they should both tread the' same path to that better world where" thero would bo no more tears, no more death— where day and night would be alike in tlie light of the great- Throne. She shuddered at the thought of tiny difference of creed ou her husband's part, shud dered at that .beginning 'of divergence .which might ead in infidelity. She had been edu cated by Clement Cancellor, and she thought as he thought. It seemed to her that she was surrounded by an atmosphere of doubt In the books she read, among tho more cultivated people whom sho met, she found the same ten dency to speculative infidelity, pessimism, Darwiuism, sociology, Pantheism, anything but Christian belief. Tho nearest approach to religious feeling seemed to bo fouud in the theosophiste, with their last fashionable Orien tal improvements upon tho teaching of Christ Clement Cancellor had traiued her in the be lief that there was one Church, one Creed, one Sovereign Rule of life, outside of which dotcr- miimto boundary liuo lay the dominion of Sutau. And now, seeing her husband's vari ance with her pastor upon this minor point of tho mnrriago law, sho began to ask herself whether those two might not stand as widely apart upon graver questions — whether George Grcswold might not be ouo of those half hearted Christians who attend their parish church and keop Sunday sacred because it is well to set a goo.l example to their neighbors and dependents, while their own faith is a vanishing quantity, a luemorr of youthful beliefs, the fading reflection of a sun that has sunk below the horizon. She had discovered her husband capable of a suppression of truth that was almost us bad as falsehood, and now, baring begun to doubt his conscientiousness, it was uot uuuutural that she should begin to doubt his religious fceliug. "llnd bo been as deeply religious as 1 thought him ho would uot have so deceived me," she told herself, still brooding upon that mystery of his first marriage. Custollani's presence in the house was a con tinual source of irritation to her. It tortured her to thiuk that lie know more of her husband's past life than was known to herself. She longed to question him, yet refrained, feeling that there would be imspcakablo lueauuess, treachery against licr husband even, in obtain ing any information on that past .lifo except from his own lips. -He had chosen to keep silence, ho who could so easily have explained all things ; aud it was her duty to submit. Sho tried to be iutcrcstcd in. the concert, which involved a good deal of work for herself, as sho was to play all tho nccoiiipauimciits, the piauo part iu a couccrtaute duet by Do Beriot with an amateur violin player, aud a polacca, by a modern classic, by way of overture. Thero were rehearsals nearly every day, with much talk and tea-drinking. Enderby seemed given over to bustlo and gaiety— that grave old house which to her mind ought to have been silent us a sepulchre, now that Lola's voice could sound there uevor more. » I'ooplo must thiuk I am forgetting her, sho' said to herself with a sigh, when half a dozen oarringos had driven away front tho door after two hours of bustlo aud confusion, much discussion as to tho choice of songs, and the arrangement uf the programme, which every body wanted different " I cannot, possibly sing The Throe Fishers' after Mr. Scobell's 1 Wanderer,' " protested Lady Millborough. "It would never. do to have two dismal songs in succession." Yet when it was proposed that her ladyship's song should succeed Mr. Rollinson's admirable rendering of George Grossmith's " He was such a Careful Man," she distinctly refused to sing immediately after a comic song. " I am not goiug to tako the iasle of Mr. Rollinsou's vulgnrity out ot people's mouths," she told Mildred in an audible aside. To these God-gifted vocalists the nccom- panyist was lis au inferior being, a person with a mere mechanical gift or playing anything set before tier with taste aud style. They treated her as if she had been a machine. ' "If you wouldn't mind going over this duct just ouce more I think weshould feel more com fortable iu it," said one of the two Miss Tndcas- ters, who were to take the roof off, metaphori cally, in tlio Giurno d'Orrore. Mildred toiled with uiiwavcriug good nature, and suppressed her shudders at mauy a false note, , and cast oil on the waters when the singers were inclined to quarrel. Sho was glad of ' tlio drudgery that kept, her fiugors and her mind occupied ; she was glad of any distraction that changed the current of her thoughts. .'. It was . the day before the concert. Ce'-nr Castellaui had.estqblished himself as I' ami do <a-u««oH,,n person who had the right to come iu and. out us he liked, whose coming and goiug made no difference to the master of tho house. Had' George Greswold's mind been loss ab stracted from the I usiness of every day life he might havo scon dnnger to Pamela Hansome's peace of mind in the frequent presence of the Italian, and he might have considered it his duty, as the young lady's kinsman, to have re stricted Mr. Castcllaui's privileges. But the blow which had crushed George Greswold's heart a little more than a year ago had left him in some wise a brakou- man. He had lost all interest in the common joys and occupations of every day life. His days were speut for tho niost pnrt iu long walks or rides in tho loneliest places lie could find ; his only evening amuse ment was found in books, and those books of a kind which engrossed -his attention and took him out ol himself. His wife's companionship was always precious to him ; but their inter course bad lost all the old gaiety and much of the old'fniniiiafily. ' There was au indefinable something which held them asunder even wlion they were sitling in the same room,' or pacing side by side, just as of old, vipou tlio lawn in front of the drawingroom, or idliug iu their summer parlor iu. the shade of the cedars. Again aud again in tho last Ihree weeks some question nbout the past had trembled upon Mil dred's lips as sho sat at work by tho piano where Castellaui played in dreamy idleness, waiideriug from ono master to another, or ex temporising, tifter his own capricious fancies. Agaiu and iigain sho had struggled agaiust the temptatiou aud had conquered. No, sho would not sloop to., 'ft meanness. She would uot bo disloyal to' her husband by so much as one idle question, . To-day Castellaui was in high spirils, proud of to-morrow's anticipated success, iu which his own exertions would count for much. He sat at the piono-in the, leisure hour alter ten. AU thc performers ;bad gone, after the final adjustment of every detail.; Mildred sad idle, with her head resting against ;tho cushion of a high hacked arm chair, exhausted by the afternoon's labors. Pamela, stood by the piano watching and listen ing, delightedly as Cnstcllnni improvised. ' - I " I will give you my musical transcript of St. Partridgo Day,"- ho said, smiling down at tho notcs nshe played a lively ' melody with little ripplihg runs iu the treble and crisp stac cato chords in tlie bass. "Tiiis.is morning aud- all the shooters are on tip-toe with dolight — a misty morning," gliding into, a dreamy legato movement as ho spoke. " You cuu scarcely see the hills, yonder, aud the sua is uot yet up. See, thero he leaps above that eastern ridge, and all is brightness," changing, to bril liant arpeggios up and down the piano. "Hark, there- is chanticleer. How shrill he peals iu the morning air. Tho dogs aro leaving the kennel — and now the gates arc open, dogs and men are in tho road. You can hear .the steady tramp of the clumsy shootiug boots— your dreadful English boots — aud the merry music'of the dogs. ' Pointers, setters, spaniels, smooth beasts aud curly beasts, shaking - the dew from the hedgerows as they scramble along the banks, flyiug over the ditches— creatures of lightning swiftness ; yes,, oven thoso fat heavy spaniels which seem made to sprawl aiiil snap at Hies ia tho suushine, or snore beside the fire." Ife talked ia brief snatches, playing all. the time — playing with the easy brilliancy, the un erring grace of one to whom music is a native tongue — as natural a mode of thought-expres sion as speech, itself. - "I hope 1 don't bore you very much," he said presently, looking up nt Mildred as she sat white and silcut, tho fair face aud pato gold hair defiued against the dark sca- grccn brocade of tlio chair cushion. . ; ; : . He looked up at her ia wondering admiration, as at a beautiful picture. How lovely she was, with u lovolincss that grew upon biiu aud took possession of his fancy and his senses with- a strengthening hold day by day. It was a melancholy loveliness, the benuly of a woman whose life had come to n dead stop, iu whose breast bojio and lovo were dead — or dormant "Notdoad,"bc told himself, "ouly sleep ing. Whose shall bo tho magic , touch to awaken tho sleeper ? Who shall be the Orpheus to bring back so sweet a Eurydico from the roo m i of :death ?. 1 . Sa -li thoughts wore iu his miud as ho sat loosing at Iior; waiting for her answer, playing all the while, telling her how fair she was in the tendorest variations of an old Germau air whoso every note breathed passionate love. "llow sweet," murmured Pamela; "what an exquisite melody," takiug some oi the sweet ness to herself. " llow could such sweetness weary anyone with the ghost of an ear ? You are not bored by it, are you nuut >'' " Bored ; no, it is delightful," auswered Mildred, rousing herself from a reverie. "My thoughts wout back' to my childhood while you werd playing. I never know. but ono. other person who had that gift of improvisation, and she used to play to nio: whoa I w.s a child. She was almost a child herself, nnd of . course she did not come within n long distance ot you as n pianist ; but sho would sit and play to me for an hour iu tlio twilight, inventing new melodies, or playing -recollections' of old melo dies as she1 went along, describing .in music. The' old fairy talesjare for over associated with music in my mind, becauso oi ttioee old memories. 1 believe slie was highly gifted 'in music." " Music of a high order is not au uncommon gift ainoDg women of sensitive temperament," raid Castcllani musingly. " I take it to' be only .another nnmo for -sympathy. The want of musical fceliug ' is want of smypathy. Shakspoa.ro knew that when, he declared tho non-inusical man to be by nature a villain. I could no more imagine .yoti without the gift of music thau I could imngino tho stars, without tho quality of light, Mr. Greswold's first wife was musical — as no doubt you know — indeed, highly gifted as a musicau." ..." 'ou hoard her play — and sing," faltered Mildred, avoiding a direct reply. The sudden mention of hcrdead rival's name had .quickened tho .beating of her heart. She had longed to qnestion liini and had refrained ; aud now without any net of hcr's he had spokcu, and she was going to hear sometbiug about that, woman whoso existence was a mystery to licr, of ; whose Christian name cveu sho was ignorant. " Ye.s I heard her several times at parties at Nice. She was much admired for her musical talents. She was not a grand singer, but she had been welt taught, and she had exquisite taste- and knew exactly the kind of rausic'that suited her best. She was oue of tho attrac tions nt the Palais -MoDta'ao,-; where . oue heard only .the best music." :. . : ... , . -. 'I.I think you said the oilier day that you did not meet her often," said -Mildred. : " My hus band could hardly have forgotten you had you met frequently." .; . . f. l.cau scarcely, say that we met frequently, and our meetings',' were such as Mr., Greswold w.ould.iiot be very likely to remember. Iam uot a remarkable mau now ; . and I was a very insignificant person 15 years ago. I was only asked to people's houses because I could sing a little, aad because my father bad a reputation in the south as a composer. 1 was never intro duced to your husband, but 1 was presented to his wife — as a precocious youth with some pre tension to a tenor voice — and I found iior very charming — after her own particular style." " Was she a beautiful woman?" asked Mil dred. " I— I — have never talked about hor to my husbaud — she died so young — and—" . " Yes, yes, I understand," interrupted Cas- tellani, ns she hesitated. " Of course you would not speak of her. There arc things that cauuot be spoken about. There is always the skeleton iu every, life— not more in Mr, Gres wold's past than iu that of other people, per haps, could wo know all histories. I was wrong to speak of her — her name escaped mo niiawnres. " , . "Pray don't apologise," said Mildred, kindling with indignant feeling at soracthiug in his tone, which hinted at wrong-doing on her husband's part. " Thero can he no reason why you should keep silence — to me ; though any mention of an old sorrow might wouud him. I. know my husband too .well not to know that lib must have behaved honorably iu .every rela tion . of life— before I knew bim ns well as afterwards. I ouly asked a very simple ques tion— was my predecessor as beautiful as sho was gifted ?" . " No. Sho was charming, piquaut, elegant, spirituelEe, but she was not handsome. I think sho was conscious of that want of perfect beauty, 'and that' it made her seusitiyo and even bitter. I hare heard her say hard things of women who were handsomer than herself. She had a scathing I tongue and a capricious temper, and she was uot a favorite with her ojvn sex', though she wis , very inuch .admired by clever meu. I .'know that as a lad .thought hor' one of the '.brightest women I had' evor met." . .. .' ' ; ; " It was sad that she should die so young," said AUildred. ,! She would liot for worlds that this man should know the extent' of her ignorance about the woman -who had boruo her .husband's name. She spoke vaguely, hoping that ho would take it for granted she kuew uii.' . ' " Yes," assented .Casteliani, with a sigh, f her death was iufiuitely sad." He spoke as of an event of . raoro than com mon sadness— a calamity that had been ia some wise fuore tragical than even uutimcly death must needs be., V ". "Mildred .kept silence, though' her heart ached with, shapeless foriibodiu'gs, though it would have beo'u aa unspeakable relief, to know the worst riithor than to feel the oppression of ibis mystery.' ' "... ' .. Castellaui rose to take his leavo. He was paler than lie had been before the conversation began ; dud he hud a troubled dir. ' Pamela lookbl at liiin'wilh sympathetic- distress.' > I am afraid you are dreadfully tired," she said, ns tlipy shook .hands.' - " I nui uover tired — in this house, ho an swered ; and Pamela appropriated the compli ment by her vivid blush. ..Mildred Greswold shook hands with him inecliauically and iu sileuce. She was hardly conscious of his leaving the roaiii.' Sho rose and 'went "out into the garden,- while "Pamela sat down, to tho piano nud began singing her part in the everlasting duet. She never sang anything clso nowadays," it was a perpetual carol of admiratiou for tho author of ' ' Nepen the." 'Ttrcrc street to die as the rosoj die, If I had but' lived for thee: .Twcre sweet to'fade as tlio twilight fad;s Over the western sea, she warble.l, whilo Mildred paood slowly toand fro in front of tho cedars, brooding over every word Castellaui had spoken about her husband's first wife. " ller doatli was infinitely sad." Why iiilinitcly ? Tho significance of the word troubled 'hor. It conjured up nil manner of possibilities. Why infinitely sad ? All death is sad. Tho denlli of tho young especi ally so. But to say even of untimely death that it was infinitely sad would seem to lift it out 'of the region of humanity's common doom. Tlmt qualifying word hinted at a tragical fate rather, thau a young life cut short by any ordinary malady. There had been something iu Castcllaui's manner which accentuated the meaning oi his words. That troubled look, that deep sigh, that hurried departure, all hinted at a mystery — at a painful story which ha know anil did not wisli to reveal He had in a manner apologised for speaking of George Greswold's first wifo. There must have been a reason for that. Ho was uot a man to say nicauiugless tilings out of ijauc/ten'e; not a man to stumble aud equivocate from oitlicr shyness or stupidity, lie had implied that Mr. Greswold was not likely to talk about his first marriage— that ho would naturally avoid any ullusiqu. to his first wife. Why, naturally ? Why should lie not speak ot that past lifo? Men aro not ordinarily I reticent upon such subjects. Aud that a mau should suppress tlio fact of a first marriage al together, should.falsely describe himself iu Ibo marriage register, would suggest memories so dark as to" impel an honorable man to stoop to a lie rather thdn facb the horror, of revelation. ' She walked up' and. down that fair stretch of velvet turf upon, which her ieot had trodden so' lightly in thcfiiuppy years .that were gone- gone never to be recalled, -as 'it seemed to her, carrying with them nUithat she had ever known of domestic peace, .'ot-wedded bliss. Never again could they two be as they had been. Tho mystery of tho past had risen up bctwecu them — like some hooded phantom, a vaguely threatening figure, a hidden face — to hold.lbem apart for evermore, / b ; ; , "If ho had only , trusted me, " she. thought despairingly, "there is hardly iiny.-sin that I would not have forgiven for love of. him. ... Why could he not believe in my love iveil enough, to kuow that I should judge liim -leniently— if there had been wrong- doing on his sido — il — if — She had puzzled over that hidden pnst, trying to peuetrnto the darkness, imagining the things that might have .happened— infidejity ou tho wife's part — iutideiity on the husband's side — another aud fatal attachment taking the place of loyal : love. Sin of some kind there -must' have been, sho thought — for such (lark memories could scarcely' lie sinless. But was husband or wife the sinner ? : . . . . J 'i Her death was infinitely sad." "" , . -.That .sentence stood out agaiiist the, dark background of mystery ,a9, if- written iu. fire.: That one fact . was." nbiolulo. Gcorgo Gres wold's first wife. had died uuder -circumstances, of peculiar.saduess j so painful that Custollani's countoiiauce grew pale and troubled nt the very thought of her death. . .- 1 " I cannot enduro it," Mildred cried at ia6t, in an agony of doubt. "1 will not endure this torture for another day. I will appeal to him: I will question hitn. If ho values my love and my esteem ho will answer faithfully. It' must be painful for hira, painful for me;. but it will be far bolter for us both in the long run. Any thing will be better than these torturing fears,' these imaginary evils. 1 am his wife, aud 1 havo a right to know tho truth." The dressing gong summoned her. back to the house. Her husband .was in the drawing-room holf-an-hour afterwards, when she went down to dinncr. He was still in his jacket and knickerbockers, just as he had come iu from a long ramble, ' i "Will you forgive me if. I dino wiih you in these clothes, Mildred,, and you,. Pamela ?", to tlio damsel ia white muslin, - whom ho had- just surprised at tho piauo, still warbling her honeyed strain about death aud tho roses ; v I came in five minutes ago — dead beat. ; I havo boeu iu the forest, and had a tramp with the deer hounds over Bramble Hill.". i " You walk too far, George. . You arc look ing dreadfully tired." .< " I'm sure you needn't apologise for yout dress on my accouut," said Pamela. . "Henry is a perfect disgrace half his time, llo hates evening clothes, and I sometimes fear he hates soap and water. He can reconcile .-his' .con science to any amount of dirt so long ns he has his cold tub in the moraing.ri He thinks that justifies anything. 1 have had to" sit next bim at dinner when ho carao straight, from rats," concluded Pamela with a shudder! ' ' Biit Hosa, lind is so foolishly indulgent She would spoil twenty husbands." ; i , .- . , " Aud you, I suppose, would be' a martinet to -ono?" said Greswold, smiiiug.at the girPs animated face. -- .? " It would depend. If I were inarricdto,na artist . I could forgive nuy uoglcct of pro-; prietics. Ono docs ndt.cxpcct a mau of that kind to bo the slave of conventionalities-;' but a commonplace man like Sir .Henry Mon'nt- ford has nothing to recomnicu'd hiai but bis horse and tailor." . ', They went to dinner, and Pamela, prattle, relieved the gloom which had' fallen on hus- baud and wife. George Greswold saw that there were signs of a new trouble iuliis wife's face: He sat for nearly an hour aloue with the un touched decanters before hini aud with Kas-' sandra's head upon his knee. The dog always know when his thoughts were darkest, Aud would not be repulsed at such 'times. . .She wits notobstrusive — she. ouly wanted to let liini know there was someone in the world, .who loved him. ' : , ; It was nearly 10 o'clock when ho left .tho diningroom. Ho looked in at the drawing- room door, and saw his wife and his niece sitting nt work, silent both. .. . ... .,- , r "Iain going to the.. library .to write some lectors, Mildred," ho. said, " don't, sit up for inc." . . . . .. .. ; . She rose quickly-and went over (o him. . i "Let ine havo half an hour's talk with yoA first, George," she said, in an carnest voice, " I want so much to speak to you."; ; ... :- "My deafest, 1 am always at your service,'", he answered quietly, aud they; went across the lmll together to that fine old, ropin which was essentially the domain of the master of . the house. . - ! It was a largo room w tli three long narrow . windows — uualtcred from the days of Queen Auuc — looking out to tho carriage drive in tho front of the house. Tlio walls were lined with' books, in severely architectural, book cesc9. There was a lofty oM marble chimney-piece, richly decorated, and a largo knee-hole desk ii front of the. fireplace, at which Mr: Greswold was wont to sit. There was a shaded reading lamp ready lighted for him upou this tablej and tlioro was no. other lamp iu the room. By this dim light ihe sombre cotoring of oak book cases aud maroon velvet window curtain; deepened to black, Tlio. spacious room had almost a funereal aspect, like that auTiil bauquet- ing lmll to which the jocoso Domitian invited bis parasites aud straightway frightened tbein to dentil. ' Well, Mildred what is tho matter? "asked Greswold, when . his wife had seated herself basida him in frout of the massivo.oak desk a( which all the business of his cstato had been transacted since, he came to Euderby: " There is nothing amiss, love, 1 liopc, to make you so earnest." "There is something very much amiss, George," sho answered. " Forgivo me if 1 pain you by what I have to say— by the questions 1 am .going to ask. I caunot help giving you pain, aud, truly aud dearly as I love you, I can not go ou suffering as I have suffered since that wretched Suuduy afternoon .when 1 dis covered how you had deceived me — you whom I so trusted, so honored as tlio most upright among men." " It is a little hard that you should, say :.I de ceived you, 'Mildred 1 suppressed one . fact which hud no bearing upou my relations with you -> . "Y'ou must have signed your name to a \- falsehood in tho register if you described your self as a bachelor." . " I did not so describe myself. I confided Ihe fact of my first marriage to your father on tho ovo of our wedding. I told him why I had been silent — told him that my past life had been steeped in bitterness. He was gene rous onough to accept my confidence aud to ask no questions. My bride was too sliy aud too much troubled by the emotion of the hour to observe What I wrote in the register, or else she might have noted tho word ' widower' after iny name." "Thank God you did not sign your name to a lie," said MildieJ, with n sigh of relief. " I am' sorry my wife of fourteen years should think me capable of falsehood on the document tbnt sealed my fato with hers." "Oh, George, I know how true you arc — how trne aud upright you have been in every word nnd every act of your life since we two have been one! It is not in my nature to mis judge you. I cannot think you capable of doing wrong to any one even under strongest temptation. I cannot believe that fate could set such a snare for you as could entrap you into one dishonorable act ; but I am torlured by the . thought of a past life of which I know nothing. Why did yon bide your marriage from me when we were lovers? Why nre you silent aud secret now, when I am your wife, tho other half of yourself, ready to sympathise with you, to slinro tho burden of dark memories ? 'Trust me, George, trust mo. This secret is risiug up between us like a stouv barrier. Trust me, dear love, and let us be again as we have been, united in every thought." " You do not kuow what you are asking me, Mildred," said George Grcsivold, in his deep, grave' voice, looking at her with haggard reproachful eyes. "You cannot measure the torture you are inflicting by this senseless curio sity." - . ' Yon cannot measure the tortures of doubt which I have suffered siuce I have known that you loved another woman before yon loved inc — loved her so well that you cannot bear even to speak of that past life which you lived with her — regret tier so iutanseiv that now, after fourteen years of wedded life with me, the mere memory of that lost love can plunge you iuto gloom and despair," said Mildred pas sionately. \- That smothered fire of jealousy which had becu smouldering in her breast for weeks broke out ail at once iu impetuous speech. She no longer cared what she said. Her only thought was that the dead love had been dearer and nearer than the living, that sho had boon cozened by a lover whose heart had never been wholly hers, never, even in the roseate dawn of her girlhood, nor in tho sunlight of her caiiy married life. Sho had been duped by her own affections, perhaps, from tho very begin ning. . " I thought he must love me with (he same measure that I loved him," she said to her- »elf. "You are very cruel, Mildred," her hus band answered quietly. " You are probing an old wound, and a deep one, to the quick. You degrade yourself more than you degrade me by causeless jealousy aud unworthy doubts. Yes, I did conceul the fact of my first marriage — not because I had loved my wife too well — but because I had not loved her well cuough. I was silent about a period of my life iwbich was one of unutterable misery which it was my duty to myself to forget, if it were possible to forget — which it was a peril to remember. My only chance of happiness or peaco of mind lay in total oblivion of that bitter time. It was only when I loved you that I began to believe forgetfulncss was possiblo to mo. I courted oblivion by every means in my power. I told myself that tho man who had so suffered was a "man who had ceased to exist. George li msom was dead. George Greswold stood on the threshold of ii new life, with infinite capacities for happiness. I told myself that I might be a beloved and honored husband — which I had never been ; a useful member of society — which I had not boon hitherto. Until that honr all things had been against me. With you for my wife, all things would bo in my favor. For thirteen happy years this promiso of our marriage morning was fully realised ; then came my darling's death ; and now comes your estrange ment." "lam not estranged, George. It is only my dread of the beginuing of estrangement which tortures rac. Since that man spoke of your first wife I have brooded perpetually upon that hidden past. It is weak and foolish, 1 kuow, to have douo so. I ought to trust iinqucstioningly ; but I cannot, George, I cannot. I love you too well to love without jealousy. " ' "Well, let tbo veil bo lifted, then, since it must bo so. ' Ask wliat questions you please, aud I will answer thcin — as best I can." " You aro very gocd," sho faltered, drawing a littlo nearer to him, leaning her head against his shoulder as she talked to him, and, laying her hand on his as it lay before him on the desk, tightly clenched, "Toll me, dear, were yon happy with your first wife ?" " I was not."' " Not even in the beginning?" " Hardly in the beginning. It was an ill- advised union, entered into upon impalso." " But she loved you very dearly, perhaps." " She loved me — dearly — after her manner of loving." " And you did not lovo her ?" "It is a cruel thing you force me to say, Mildred. No, I did not tore her." \- " Had you been married long when she died ?" She felt a quivering movement in the clonched hand on which her own lay caressingly, and sho heard him draw a long and deep breath. " About a yeur and n half." " Her death was a sad one, I know. Did She goiout of her mind before she died 1" "No." "Did shejeave yon — or do you any great wrong ?" " No." Were yon false to her, George — oh, for give me, forgivo mo-Abut there must havo been something nioro sad than commou sadness, and it might bo that somo new and, fatal love " " There was no snch thing," ho answered stornly. " I was true to my marriage vow. It was not a long triul — only a year and a half, Even a profligate might keep faith for so short span." a " I seo you will not confide in mo. I will ask feo more qnestioos, George. That kind of j satcchism will not mako us moro in sympathy I With each other, I will ask you nothing inoroj — except — just one question — a woman's question. Was your first wife beautiful in your eyes ?"' " She was not beautiful, but she was intel lectual, and she had an interesting countenance — a faco that attracted me at first sight. It was even more attractive to mo than tno faces of much handsomer women. But if you would liko to know what your fancied rival was like you need not languish iu ignorance, " he added, with some touch of score. ' "I have her photo graph in this desk I have kept it for my days of humilalion, to remind me of what I have been and what I may bo again. Would you like to seo it ?" "Yes, George, if it will not pain you too much to show it to me. " "Do not talk of pain. Yon liavo stirred the waters of Marah so deeply that ono more bitter drop cannot signify." He unlocked his desk as lie spoke, lifted the lid which was sustained by a movable upright, and groped among the accumulation of papers and parch ments inside. The object for which he was seeking was at the back of the desk, under alt the papers. He found it by touch, a morocco case contain ing a cabinet photograph. Mildred stood np beside him, with one baud on his shoulder as lie searched. He handed her tho ease without a word. She opened it iu siieuce and looked at the portrait within'. A small, delicately- featured face, with large, dark eyes — eyes nlmost too large for the face — a slender throat, thin slop ing shoulders — eyes that looked out of llio picture with a strange intensity, a ' curious alertness in tho countenance as of a woman made up of nerves aud emotions — a nature without the element of repose. Mildred stared at the picture three or four secouds, and then, with a chokiug sound like a strangled sob, fell swooning at her husband's feet. End of Book I. 