PARIS LETTER. (rEOM OUi'. OW.V CORKE.SPO>"DEN'T.) ifAKIS, Alarcti ara, (t Wemaafc have a head an i a sword," said Sieyes in 1799, and then succeeded a series of little coups d'etat, which oalminated in that known as tne IS'Mrovmaire (9th November, 1799), which, by making Napoleon First Consul, opened the door for him to the Emperorship. Napoleon was an able, popular, and resolate military leader. The great majority of the French uation ac quiesced in his elrvatiou, nud placed republican freedom in his bands; the republic was sick, and following the usual coarse, as illustrated by history, rau blindly into military despotism. Something of a similar commencement of the end has apparently set in here, to judge by the nervons wtate of a section of repubiio »n opiuion, caused by the votes given some days ago in favor of General Koulnnger at the elections to fill up cine vacancies to seat* in the Chamber of Deputies. Despite the . general's public protest agaiust bis being put up for ballot, GO,000 voters polled for him all \- the same. His candidature was decided upon at the twelfth hour, and must have cost 45,000 fr. Who' instigated the plan of ' campaign ? The Royalieta, say the friends of •the Constitution: the Opportunists, aided by the secret service money, assert the Radicals, _in .order to force the general to quit the army, and so lay Young Napoleonism. The incident has-produced beyond doubt an all round uneasiness. Homilies are published to show that a Saviour of Society implied ever Ceasarism, or dictatorship, which com menced by monarchal plottings, and the exiling of the republican* as u-u »J to pay the piper. The dictatorship of the Napoleons only led to the dismemberment of France. In ' 1814, instead of the left bank of the 4 Rhino re-becoming French, the right bank beoame German, and in 1S71 the Teutonic frontier was advanced to Metz, As to the rank and file of the liberties, the3o shared .the fate of all things political. It iB not surprising, then, that M. Flo quet should be ia uo hurry to become Prime Minister, or that the Republicans should be averse to a dissolution of parliament, where '-some great unknown might issue from the voting urns ; then would be the time to observe, " Oh ! what a surpris e. " The war clouds are coming up thicker and fatter, and the commou occupation now ic, to keep a look'out where they will lirfct burst. Itily will soon be in as great disfavor with the' French as 13 Guimauy. She ha* commenced a tariff war, Bismarck, a3 usual, being accused of pulling the string?. It i* a Bhamciful sight, when child.en of one family, fali out, and chido and lichf. Goodness knows'the pretext iB not .1 im-went for in dulgiug in political broad giins; but it la impossible not to avoid at ba d a ghost of a dinlom&tlo; tiller, to see Bismarck being rapidly cornered—ho uho mutt have er joyed many a horse laugh at Yaizm, at the nay he put eo many powers and principalities into corners. The death of'the Crow.j Prince ie cou aidered to be only a m .tr--r of hour?, ilia Bufferings have inr.de the French chivalrously remember he is <>uly a man. Hie disease is now known—syphilitic decomposition—the same that killed Franc^ia 1. It is said that of late politicaI verafcions and family jam imparted a gall'-ping character to hia can cerous consumption. lie was piitculariy affected at the worrying hi? wife has had to endure from th»* Chancellor. Thi:- explains the animosity of French ladie? at Birmarek':; cruel conduct. The death of the Prince wiil precipitate the pending* European war for whose advent all are .prepared, and at ihe same time are becoming rccnucibd fc > it as an inevitable necessity. The assat sin wuo perpetrut :d the murder of the rich watchmaker ami jeweller at Joigoy has been Arretted, ra well as' his sister-in-law, "aud ail the members of her family." Among tin,- httcr wore a hoy, two years old ; a eh".1, nged one ; niid a baby, three months old. It is ? alLfuCujy to learn 'these three were liberate! a? m t having assisted at the c-ime. which was not the In a a joint Block affair. The head rufiian was a saw shaipcner. After fell ing the victim, lire body was p'acul on a bed and dismcmb -red ; women acted as candlesticks, holding bits of caudle with • tbeirficgcrt;; then each psssou was given a portion of the body, ?o buiy it at different places; next, the booty was distributed. In threatening eoii.e time a^o the universe with the furor Teulonicus, and boa? ting that Germans fetred only God, the Prince in duced a more lnicrubcnpial examination of his position, and people took a'ock of hia cUauces. It has become w< ry day cleat or that the odds are uot in Ins favor in the coming international ombruglio. He is feverish about the gaining, as well <13 in the retention of allies. Nothing is less certain than that Au3tro-Hunoary will ha lib, till death does ifct-in part ; iqually no csrtaio, too, is the genuine lidelity of Italy. And why these misgivings on the part of his lease- Lied allies ? Because they doubt I.iisir.arck : he has practised so, ur.ny diplomatic tricks, for reasons of State, to augment the area and power of Germany, tint they too i-uspeet they might bo victimised. Trio now map of Europe is hardly 17 yearn old ; a good shake can unmake it, as a shake made it. The commou aim of the cockpit comba tants is to win over England to their aide. •Poor eld Joho Bull mutt be excused if he feels not a iittle pride at his piesent enviablo positiou—the arbiter of fate, as it were, i'ho years might be counted mi the fingers of one hind—Jess the thumb ton—since h;» was the bull's eye far the concentrated abuse of the cmtineulal powers. tie was estimated a.3 hardly being worth knocked into a cocked hat; but decidedly he was a quantiUn&JligeaUc.; Now, he is run after Jike a fashionable beauty, or an heiress with & pair of golden legs, .There was a time when English diplomatists, before taking an important decision, tin-t • made a pilgrimage to Varzin, to consult the big Medicine Man —the parveuu of a quarter of a century a;o. -Now, the representative of the Light of Europe has to come to intuhr CLnorsa, and bid, if not for alliance, at Fast for benevo lent neutrality. John i* the honest broker. Frenoh whacking away at England never did much harm ; keeping never minding it was fcbe best way to maintain friendship. Bo-ides, tbo barking of the morning often became tail-wagging in the evening. And vi lieu due allowance was ui.vlo for the nhutting off of Htc&ui;, patriotic ntvro&Hc;, and wiud-bogitm, no wounds beyond sticking plaster troatmen t remained behind. It was always kuown that the French aud English peoples would never fall out: thoy had too many interests in common, and their liberalism harmonised too much to be comnromised bv fainilv iars. A favorable moment and co»d h>.*ads could— os has been proven—settle all differences—the bait and cod«fi?k questions included. In a sboit time the Eg> p'.iaus wiii have acquired leo much stamina and backbone '.hat England will be able to say to them:—" Rise, take up your bed, and walk/' Perhaps, now that Russia has lic-r frontier pegged off alunp. Afghanistan; she and England cnuld come to an agreemcut that Central Asia had verge and room enough for both to form and develop; leave Bulgaria to Austri., to arrange with the Muscovite ; and hint that Italy ought to be ready to compensate herself out of the diMclt of Austria, Booner than incur the risk of cutting loin chops front France. There has been a i-hwp debate on the UJ3UUSSlim u£ tnw r.^v;.,p. fci.w grant for the special ambassador to the Pope, in additiou to the lay ambassador accredited to the Quirioal. It is said that this dual representation gives offence to Italy, and is the cause of the serious unpleasantness at present existing between Italy and France. The grant was voted for weighty political considerations. The discussion on the grants to foreign missionaries was also lively. How, it was aBked of ministers who arc pledged to the separation of church from State, can you back such a grant 1 Simply because the mission clergy arc-political agents, but not attached to the Foreign Office. Biainarck fau recently fnuuded iu Berlin a Miaeiou Establishment for Geimans of the Trappiat Order: they are trained to agricultuial perauit*, and then shipped to Syria, wboie Germany has nnmorou3 agricultural colonies, that check at the same time the influence* of France .and Russia in. -that part of the East. Respecting tho Uoly Places, however, the Czar's influence over~tops all others. One of the consequences of tho prolonged double winter with which wo are afflicted is to kill the Lenten red-egg trade. The hena iii the south of France,and also of Italy, have gone on a strike not to lay till the weather moderates., : The red, hard-bulled eggs cell at the uniform nad. historical price of two sous each. They were as much an institution dufiogXent, as card- board cod-fish ; every wine shop had a rack on the counter full of the red eggs. They bad the reputation to keep off hunger, perhaps duo to their indi .geetibilifcy : once in the stomach they are be lieved to never move on, so the eater could never complain of a hollo w or empty stomach. Owing toi.be snow blocking railways,the reso lution of hens not to lay uoder meteorological difficulties, and tbo coat of cooking and .c^meoning them, the price of red eggs was increased 30 per cent. Bub no ovophobist would give uiore fciiau two aoua ; the penny loaf mnefc only be a penny ; ao "red eggs i& out" this Lent, Lombardy and Piedmont send 00 millions of egga daring the hard««egg mania. Holders rf shares in ruby mines muitcnm mence t > tee! queer, siuce Chemiat Ftdmy and M, Vern'Uil, h-v« submitted to the Academy of Sciences the ur^t perfect speci mens of artificially prepared rubies; not even Mr Streeter,or a Dacuir, would be able to de- I tcct the difference between the out-put of the crucible, and that from nature's mould. In a short time the patient discovejer3 will be able to manufacture rubies on a wholesale scale, when they will become cheaper tha Scotch pebbles However ladie^ lips will ever have a mouopoly of rubies for be- towa! oq those they love, and sages will still be able to boast that their windoui is above thepiice of rubies. The theatre Fo'ies Drarmfciqnes has repre sented La Demoiselle de Belleville, an operetta iu three nct3—uiuaic by M. Millocber. The plot is takvu from Paul de Kock'a Pucelle, whose son founded a vaudeville oa tho romance, Messrs Quitter and Beaumont a libretto, and for the latter a Viennese corn posed tho music. A youog lady is sent to a boarding school to keep her from marryiog ; a young gentleman is locked up in the debtor's prison to secure a similar eod. They escape the same evening, and,arriving as the janitor auutand fliuty papa are being mar ried, beg the clergymen to do the same for them. The music appears to be founded on the marches aud waltzes of J. Strauss. There is a good firemen's chorus, a pretty duet, and an elegant waltz in the score, M. Pasteur has been asked why he cannot combat the phylloxera with sorno opposition microbe, as he hus doue for rabies and rabbit-cholera. The partizans of the late Comte de Chfim bord deny that "his Maje^ty"ever ordered a uniform with republican favors, or a cocked bat with a tricolor cockade. The charge is fathered ou the Comte de Paris, At Villeneuse, the mayor gives a free meal to the unemployed every morning, and during the repast he tells off some of the men to toll the joy bells. It is the same philan thropist who has distributed paper vests to the poor—and they did keep in bodily best. A debatable compliment—perhaps: thn Paris auarchiati are now called "IrUudais*' (Irish), 