WORSHIP: WHAT IT IS NOT, AND WHAT IT IS. On every side may be observed the grievous formality in the multiplication of Church services, which is rising up quite indifferent to number of attendants, which, while injurious to the clergy, is casting duBt into the eyes of the people, wno are miscalling ch.urch-gotng tor religion — things very different. ?irst, let us notice what " Worship " is not. Worship is not saying prayers. We have heard of a lady who told her friend, that the night previous she could not " say her prayers," because by mis take she had put out her candle, and so was unable to read them. Worship is not dependent on books, nor on light, natural or artificial. Nor is worship necessarily connected with forms of prayer, or with prayer extempore. Worship is not tied to form. In regard to " hours." All hours with God alike, one as acceptable as the other. Worship is not tied to time. Nor is Wrship tied to place. There is a universal tendency in man to attach holiness to place. Hence, among the heathen, and in Christian nations, we find of universal practice, pilgrimages to such and such a shrine of diviuity — Mecca, Benares, the Lamasaries of Thibet ; Loretto, Oompostella, Salette, Lourdes, Sc. Men think their god, or goddess, will hear them with greater acceptance at one place than another. So Yenus the riyth'lflll . a11aai1 fn a/rtv/r/i/j " Diva potens Oypri ." As to the God of the Christians, there is ,no, ground for this idea whatever. True, under the old covenant, (for reasons we, cannot, here enter on) there was a place, _ Jerusalem, where God specially manifested Himself. But that covenant, " a shadow " (Heb. x. 1), merely "beggarly elements " (Gal. iv. 9), has passed away, and, Christian worshippers are free from that bondage oi place. Our Saviour has distinctly taught this in saying, " Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them " (Matt. xvii. 50.) Thus for Worship, all places are by Him made equal — in-doors or out-doors, church or dwelling, chancel or nave. :Wi,th God place is nothing. . " What house will ye build Me saith the Lord ? " In place there can be no real holiness ; only separation. They are the worshippers who hallow the place, not the place the worshippers. Church edifices are good ; but they are not necessary, merely an accessory. The church building is not apart of religion, but an accident thereof. We can do without the edifice, though better with it, There is nothing in the New Testament about church buildings, and in the best ages Christians had none. " Bens and caves of the earth " were their sanctuaries. Let us thank God for our good and Jcom- modious church "edifices, but remember that we are not at all dependent on them, that they are not necessary, to Christian worship. Again, multiplication of Church ser vices is not Worship. GOD has ordained two. great, sacred, primeval, institutions, ' 1 the family and the Church, or Assembly. The former is as much His appointment as the latter. The latter is therefore not to be exalted at the expense of the former. But this is too often done, and the family suffers from the inordinate demands of constant services in the. assembly. Thus, home duties are neglected — the wife is out when her place is to be at home, and the daughters have , their morning idly broken up, when they ought to be at their studies, preparing for the after duties of life. The clergy monopolize them, and give them an excuse for idlenesa. A young wife, in this way, whose husband took pupils, brought him into debt and trouble. Like many othera, always at church, Bhe did not understand that the service of God is first and fore most A Home Service. The mistake is a common one, and with great concern we see some of our Bishops recommending these frequent services. For what is this but to go far towards forming a dwarfed and unread clergy ? A clergyman's first place is the , study, not the Church. First the study, then the church. A Protestant minister is not & functionary like those of Rome, but a preacher. He has to do with A BOOK, not with a ceremony. He is " a minister of the Word " (Luke i. 2), and has to teach the people, out of that Word. But how can. he teach without study? and how can he study, if he iB to be con stantly in the church ? Study and prayer are the making of the ministry. The brain, heart, and knees prepare the sermon. Were the time spent in the church devoted to the study, we should not so often hear the meagre, poverty-stricken, trashy discourses we now do. " Give attendance to reading," says St. Paul to Timothy. How idle are .those constant services ! And, " —It is not reason that we should leave the Word of God, and serve "—functions ! (Acts vi.). Of the dishonour done to God's HOLY WORD by five and ten minutes' dis course we will not speak. These thrust Christ into a corner, while forms, music, ceremonies, &c.;, are paraded before the people. " Shall I preach for you ? " said a Bishop to a clergyman. " If you like," he replied, " you can, for five minutes ." How contemptuous to God's Word ! For, " It hath pleased God by the foolishness oi preaching to save them that believe" (I Cor. i. 21.) A full, ripe, edifying, ministry of the Word should, be the great object in life of every minister, . and this, aB a rule, is incompatible with constant cburch ser vices. Take a man out of his study in the morning, whether for church or any other object, and we all know, generally speaking, the day for study is lost. But while this ceremonial is bad and idle for the clergy ,how are the laity, affected by these frequent services ? Injuriously. These services are fre quently to them a righteousness — a sort of merit. They are led to suppose that they form a main part of religion — are often blinded by them, led away from Christ, and from spiritual religion. It is the lively, earnest, experimental preaching and study of the Word, not services, that stir the soul, and are the parents of Worship. " Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God" (Rom. xi), and " Without faith it is im possible to please God " (Heb. xi. G.) So also the way to form , si Church, to edify, and to keep together a Church, is not to multiply services, but to give the, people thoughtful, -godly,, intelligent, .carefully- prepared teaching. This is the great secret and want of the Christian ministry. Frequent services, showB, music, &c.;, are often resorted to, to fill empty churches, by those who cannot preach. _ . Splendour, or elaboration- oi- service, -is not Worship. , ; _. The heathen delight .in. this. natural man," whether heathen .or , Chris tian, delights , in this. The ,Ne W' Testa ment knows nothing of such Worship. There, all is simplicity. Christ, our , Saviour, had no taste for ceremonies. "Worship can alone be what God as , made it-, for to Him alone it pertains to point out the way in which He is pleased His creatures should serve Him. It is the act not of the outer, but of the inner man. It is not the bended knee, nor the length of the outer service, but the homage of the will, of ' the intellect, the affections. It is, " God be merciful to me a sinner" — Lord, Thou knoweBt all things, Thou knowest that I love Thee." "Hallowed be Thy name." This is Worship. Worship is also an individual act. We do it for ourselves, not another for us. We have no need of a "priest," \- who would interpose himself between God and our soul. We already have a Priest, " a Great High Priest, Jesus, who is passed into the heavens." " He ever liveth to make intercession for us." " And ye are complete in Him" (Col. ii. ; Heb. iv. 14). The priest stands up for his caste, an anti- Christian device. We stand up for. the State, the Pamily, the Church — God's holy congregations — of which the priest is the enemy. Eor he is the intruder who, through the Confessional, thrusts himself between Sovereign and subject — master and servant — husband and wife — parent and child — the sinner and the \- Saviour — whose selfish object is theinterest of his party — the aggrandisement of his caste— to the ruin of nations, and the subjugation of mankind. A mighty and successful conspirator against the common interests of humanity is the priest ! Nevertheless, he is but a figment, unknown in the New Testament. What then of the place and time of Worship? Pirst, the closet, that is alone apart. "Enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray " (Matt. vi. 6). Next, the family, of which the father is the priest " Pamily Worship." Who shall tell the blessings which this brings ? Social Worship in meetings for prayer, reading, and edification. Wor ship in the sanctuary. " Where two or three are gathered in My name, there am i in the midst of them " (Matt, xviii. 20 ; Heb. x. 25.) As to the time of Worship while it is convenient to have fixed seasons, such as morning, noon, and evening, it1 is the privilege of the Christian at all times to be occupied in Worship. His "body is a living sacrifice," which, with soul and spirit, is habitually in course of offering o God. The Roman Church and the Bible. — The fourth Bale of the Congrega tion of the Index of. Prohibited Books, ap proved by Plus IV., and still in force, runs aB follows : — " Since it is manifest by experience that, if the 'Holy Bible ' in . the vulgar tongue be Buffered to be read everywhere without dis tinction, more evil than - good arises, let the judgment of the bishop or incuisitor be abi ded by in this respect ; so that, after consult ing with the parish priest or the confessor, ' they may grant permission to read transla-' tionB of the Scriptures, made by Catholic' writers, to those whom they understand !t'o be able to receive no harm, but an increase of faitb and piety, from f uch reading ; which faculty let them have in writing. ,-;'But who-' Boever shall presume to read these Bibles, or have them in possession without such faculty, shall not be oapable of receiving absolution of their sins, unless they have first given up , the Bible to the Ordinary.' One of Quesnel's Propositions, expressly condemned by Clement XI. in 1713, was : — "The reading of Holy Scripture is for all." ;' Pope Leo XII., in 1824, desired the Latin bishops to see that the people committed' to: their charge were persuaded " that if the sacred Scriptures be every where ihdiscrimin ately published, more evil" than 'advantage will arise then, because of the rashness of men," And yet, from time to time, we have Roman Catholics, and Gven priests, when it suits their object, falsely pretending- that the Church of Borne is not opposed to the people' reading the Word of God. Of Saintly Memory. —The Prime- Minister (remarks St. Jamcs's Chronicle) in' replying to Lord Harrowby's speech on affairs in Eastern Africa, referred to the fact that Portugal rests her claim to her African posiessions on a decree of Pope Alexander VI., whom he sarcastically described as " of aaintly memory." Lest any readers should imagine that Lord Salisbury employed' the terms in sober earnest, we think it well to remind them, on the authority of the diary of' "J®. chamberlain, Eurchard, that that mohBter of iniquity purchased the Popedom by buying the votes of the Cardinals — only five of whom refused his bribes. Then he sold offices of rank and dignity, of which he thus became patron, to the highest bidder. Car dinal Bembo, in his "History of Venice," observes that the secular princes were obliged f Pk'kit their subjects, under tho penalty ot banishment, from going to purchase bene- nces with their money at Borne. The profli gacy of this Pope's private life cannot be aesenbed in these columns. The accounts which have come down to us show it to have been marked- by a shameless disregard of decency., "What tile Crucifix Can do ! — In a letter against the abomination, called a reredos, set up in St. Paul's Cathedral, London, William Carleton, of Ca9t1e Bamfort, . Kilkenny, says—" In the Madeleine at Paris I have seen a life-size statue of tho Virgin Mary with the Saviour ss a helpless babe in her arms, while she is represented as all' powerful, with her foot upon the serpent's head as he lies coiled beneath her ; thus she is made the personification of a petrified lie, according to the note in the Douay bihle upon Genesis iii, 15, viz. : 1 She, not Ho, snail bruise the serpent's head.' I suspect that few of your English readers are aware of the blasphemous teaching of Borne concerning the crucifix. The following I take from the accredited writings of the Bomish Church :— ' A crucifix may have a plenary indulgence for death ; he who gains fully a plenary indulgence goes when he dieB straight to heaven without suffering in Pnrgatory.' 'A crucifix, blest for the stations, is filled with a strange, undefinable power by eccle siastical benedictions in its behalf ; the body, soul, and divinity of the Incarnate Word are communicated to it, as well as to holy water, oil, candles, ashes, _ beads, and soapulars, though each time it ia in reality a more stupendous action than the creation of the world.' And so it would be, were it true, instead of being what St. Paul callB 1 a lying wonder.' (2 These, ii.) — one of the features of Anti christ. 'It' (the blest crucifix) 'can sprak up to Heaven; it can spend the satisfactions of Jesus as If they were its own ; and can nndo bolts and bars in purgatory, and ohoose by its determinate will whom it will liberate and whom it will pass over.' Again, which will suffice, without taking up more of your space with other quotations :— ' Those who go round the stations or way of the cross in the chapel gain many plenary indulgences, even without confession and communion. When you are sick you cannot go to chapek but you may have a crucifix blest, and gain the same indulgences by it. All you have to do is to hold the cross in your hand and Bay fourteen times the ' Our Father ' and ' Hail Mary ' ; then say five times ' Our Father,' ' Hail Mary,' ' Glory be to the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost.' Then say one ' Our Father,' ' Hail Mary ' and Glory be to the Father, for the Pope's intention.' Is it any wonder that Ireland should be a seething cauldron of sedition and every other crime and cruelty, even against dumb and harmless brutes ? Is it any wonder her Boman Oatholio people should be so demoral ised as to haye loBt all sense of honour, principle, and truth when they are fed upon such God-inaulting, blasphemous poison ? How could God's blessing rest upon such a country, so ground to powder between the upper and nether millstones of such priest- craft and idolatry ! ' Religious equality.— " Is it an absurdity to give a man, a thing which., he is sworn to hate, and " curse destroy ? ' And does not the Church of Rome hate, curse, and destroy liberty of conscience whenever she can do so' safely ?: I am for liberty of con- cience in its noblestj_broadest, highest' sense. But I cannot give, liberty, of, conscience to tho 'Po/ra.fbfollqwwthaPastsao long as they tell mei through all their oouncils 'theqldgiane? ' and their' con- science brders'them to burn 'rn'y wife,' strangle my children, and cut my throat, when they 'find' their opportunity ,! This 'does not seem to' b'e ' understood' by the people,' to- day ; but sooner or later, tho light of- common sense will make it clear to everyone, that no liberty of ;cbn8ciehoe can be granted to men who are .sworn to obey, a Pope— who pretends to have ,'the; right' to. put to death those who differ, from him in religion." The late Abraham Lincoln, president of the United States of America. Pastoral Address of the Wesleyan Conference.— The pas toral1 address of the Wesleyan Conference, ;(says an Trish jjaper) " the Press Association states, will be in circulation this week, and read ; in all' the leading Wesleyan congrega tions throughout Great Britian. Its most striking feature is tho prominence given to citizen diitiee, and Wesley ans of all forms of 'p'olitical ; opinion are urged to put their 'Christianity into' tho service of commonwealth, 'and -nct to suffer the government of the country to fall into the hands of mere poli ticians. It points out that stalwart Christian citizens are 1 needed on school boards, in council chambers, and in parliament. Mention is also made of common action being taken by the various Methodist bodies on social questions." Out here in Australia the different Churches should follow so wise an example, and urge their adheientB, not to neglect their Christian duties as citizens of this favored country, in which it has pleased God to place them ; and in which He looks that they shall perform their duties as citizens, with diligence, not neglecting, as too many do, to vote or take any interest in the affairs of the country. If Christian men would be more careful to exercise their privileges, remembering that it is a sin of omission for them to neglect to do so, the parliaments, tho municipal councils, and all public committees and bodies of men placed in authority would be better. Such scandals and disgraceful scenes sb have too often characterised parliaments and minor governing bodies in the Australian colonies, would be scarcely heard of. Instead, those bodies would become models of decorum to the world, public business would be pushed ahead ; there would be a great Baving of val- uable time, confidence in them would bo increased, and a blessing would rest on their labours. The Boman Catholic .Church, though it denounces liberty . of the people to choso their own form of government, and liberty of the press, of conscience, and every modern popular liberty, yet takes care that her people shall take advantage of every opportunity given them to gain an advantage for her. We do not wish to see any Protestant Church endeavour to control the vote of its denomination in a Bimilar way, and sell it to the highest bidder ; but it is one of the most exalted duties of the Churches to impress on its people their duty of exercising, and not neglecting, the privileges that are theirs in this free country ; and of not exer cising those privileges thoughtlessly ; but considering the Christian character of the men they return to represent them ; and thereby endeavour to purify all depart ments of pnblio life. If professing Christians would only determine that they will have thoroughly Christian men as their represen- tatiues, they could undoubtedly have them, and the country wonld receive great benefit. But when professing Christians allow drunk ards, secularists, infidels, men of bad moral character, to represent them, aye, frequently canvas and vote for them, now can they expect a full blessing to rest on the doings of themselves or their representatives. There are many Christian men who ascribe tho droughts that have caused so much loss and suffering throughout the whole country to the judgement of God for the sfns of the people. That, however, is a question that we do not enter on here. Again we urge that all the reformed Protestant Churches to follow the noble example set by the Wesleyan, and instruct thoir people, even from childhood, in the necessity to perform and not neglect their public, as well as their privnte duties. The inculcation of the former duties, important though they be, is most culpably neglected by religious teachers, of all the Protestant denominations. To some degree the Orange Institution takes up that neglected duty, but it is one which none but the ChurcheB oan teach effectively and properly. Instruct the children in the Sunday schools, and in the day schools with the other religious lessons ; and cause parents to teach their children at their mothers' knees, this duty which they are heirs to. Alleged Retirement of Mr. Parnell.- — Mr. Parnell has made so much money out of his agitation (has cleared the heavy mortgages off his estates, bought pro perty in the United States, and become independent and wealthy) that for some time we have been expecting him to retire from pnblio life, and enjoy the otium cum dignitatc; filling his pockets, and seeming to be the main object of most so-called Irish " patriots." However he has not' yet fulfilled our expec tations, and while foolish men send in large subscriptions to the Parnell Fund &c.;, we expect that he will- not retire. These, how ever, are falling off, and if the falling off continue, we may expect to seo him retire before loner, deserting his party, and the " patriotic " (?) agitation to shift for them selves ; and very likely leave the country he professes so much love for to live on the pro perty he has purchased in the United States, where his tenants must pay him their rents. Even now Ireland sees the least possible of Mr. Parnell, notwithstanding his boasted affection for her. He is an absentee landlord, and likely to remain so, if he has any ohoice of . residence. Life , however, on what authority does not appear, says that "Mr. Parnell'a retirement from Parliament, pending the inquiry into the charges brought by the Times, as well as his retirement from the leadership of his party, is now authoritatively Bettled. It is, indeed, very unlikely that, whatever may be tho result of the pending investigations, he will return to Parliament again. We have by no means heard the last of the difficulty between him and , Mr. Chamberlain, and he is in a very unsatisfac tory state of health, whilst for some time past his relations with his party — or, at leaBt, with certain members of it — have been so strained as to render his position intolerable. If he could have found a decent excuse for with drawing before he would have availed himself of it, and now that he has it he will not let it slip. Much, however, may, r and1 probably will, be heard on this subject in the course of the next six weeks." Papal Tliraldoui.— The London Record notices the action of the priest of Lattin, near Limerick Junction, who excom municated on Sunday 26tb August, Count Moore, a landlord, and Mr. Whittaker, his agent, for importing emergency men to cut the crops of an evicted tenant. Mr. Whittaker attended mass, but all the congregation rose from their knees and left. The priest there upon poured out the vials of his wrath. " He becomes in fine the parish dictator and pur poses to vindicate his own authority, with a sublime indifference to Papal rescripts or any other documents. This edifying spectacle may help some .limp and indifferent Pro testants to understand the thraldom in which Papal Ireland is held, and the sheer madness of conceding a step (Home Bule,) which would make personal liberty a still rarer possession that it now is, under the joint rale of the priests and the Leaguers." If Bomans treat each other so brutally, what can Pro testants expect' from their tender mercies? Let ub thank God for Protestant liberty. May Australians ever uphold it. Ritualism. — The shock cf battle between the valiant English Church Associa tion and the romanizing Bishop of Lincoln, has commenced with the' result that the episcopal champion of Giant- Superstition, has been unhorsed at the first bout ; for the quibble about the Archbishop of Canterbury not being able to try tho case has exploded. The Papistical bishop now talks of meeting his foe in person, in the law courts, so it is to, be hoped that English Church Union subtlety will fail to cause him to change his present mind. That old warrior of Boman innova tions, who for half a century has led the Bitual Rebellion against the Reformation Settlement — Archdeacon Denison — has sprung to the fray by launching a projeot for an overwhelming " Declaration on intended prosecutions," to be signed by all sympathisers of Romantic Bitual. The E. 0. U. will, doubtless, press this forlorn hope with all its might and obtain a large number of signatures. Only sturdy Protestants will have the moral courage to stand aloof and protest against the modern revival of Pagan idolatry and superstition within the Churoh of England, which is a disease peculiar to the clerical caste, who claim to stand as mediators between Christ, the only Mediator, and their fellow sinners. Roy RlsllOpS — The survival of Pagan Customs in the Church of Bome is a proof of the fact that Roman Catholicism is merely old heathenism re-guilt. The election of Boy- Bishops on Holy Innocents day, is a case in point. This custom prevailed in ancient Egypt, Assyria, and Babylon. In the monasteries and convents in Italy to-day, the youngest novice takes the place of the Abbot, Prior, or PrioresB, and on Holy Innocents' day performs all the offices which the Lady Abbess or Lord Prior would- do. Discovery of Sermons by LrUtber. — Dr. Tschnkort, Professor of Church History at the Uuiversity of Konigs- berg, has communicated to the press a valua ble discovery made lately by him in the great town. library of that city. He has found a number of sermons and soholia by Luther, which have never been published, and nre, the Professor believes, quite unknown. They are of special interest, because they belong to the period between 1519 and 1521, the most active time of Luther's Reformation work, lying between the burning of tho Papal Bull of condemnation and his journey to Worms. The sermons were preached either at Witten berg or at some place in the immediate neigh, bourhood, and they give a clear insight into the nature of the conflict in whioh Lather was engaged. Dr. Tschakert declares that there cannot be the slightest doubt as to their genuineness. A little Disappointment.— The Emperor of Germany refused to recebive Monsignor Gulemberti, when he Was instructed to dissuade him from going to Bome. This, and the announcement that the Emperor would visit the King of Italy, in his capital, have been bitter disappointments to the Pope, who cannot help seeing that it is getting more and more hopelesB for him to expect ever to regain the temporal power, which the papaoy abused so cruelly when they had it. Even the announcement that tho Emperor of Germany would also pay the Pope a visit in the Vatican, has not soothed bis disappoint ment. Women Immured for life in Ritualistic Convents.— It is not generally known (remarks a writer on'1 the Protestant Observer, London), that there' are enolosed "Nuns" in several Ritualistic con vents, who are shut up therein for life. There is an order of Buch enclosed " Nuns " connec ted with the Sisterhoods established by the late Dr. Pusey and Miss Sellon. They are known as " Sisters of the Sacred Heart." The notorious " Father Ignatiue " also haB an enclosed order of Nuns under his control, and there ie a similar body of shut-up women, of the Bitualistio type, at Feltham, Middlesex. In some Ritualistic convents there are private burial grounds, where only Sisters of Mercy and Nuns are interred. There is certainly one such within the grounds of Ascot Priory. It was at Ascot Priory that the late Dr. PuBey died. About two days after that event I paid a visit to the "Priory," which is really a convent. I rang the front door bell and ' asked to see the " Mother Superior." I was shown, by a Sister into a room in whioh an aged Sister was busy at work. On entering I noticed that this lady was wearing a gigan- crucifix. 1 The moment, however, that she caught Bight of me, she quiokly stooped down behind the desk at which she had been writing, as though to pick up something from off the floor, and when eho rose again, to my astonish ment, the crucifix had vanished, and a plain cross of the same size had taken its place. Now what had really happened was this. While stooping down she had simply turned the crucifix round, and showed the other . side to me when she arose. This is a common dodge of Ritualistic Sisters, when, for pur poses of their own, they do not wish to be thought extremely Romish. I think if an ablo pamphlet on Bitualistio dodgery'-' were written it would bo a most useful and amusing production. Christian Progress.— Rev.; James Johnston, F.S.S., makes (says the Protestant Observer) a ourious calculation in bis work on " A Centnry of Christian Progress," published by James Nisbet & Co. He has been com- paring the increase of population during the last' hundred years with the respective in creases of Protestants, Boman Catholics, and .followers of the Greek Church, and the result is very striking. Protestants in Europe have increased from 37,700,000 to 134,000,000, or nearly four-fold ; Roman Catholics from 80,190,000 to 163.000,000, or two-fold ; and the Greek Ohurch from 40,000,000 to 83,000,000, also two-fold. Mr. Johnston draws from this preponderating 'vitality of Protestantism, the most hopeful augury of its future victory. The' Primate.— Bishop Barry, ; be fore coming on' to Sydney, will conseorate the new Cathedral at Perth, Western Australia. .'.Hewill afterwards go to Ballarat to lay the -foundation stone of tbe Cathedral there, and \- will not arrive in Sydney until November. The Sydney Morning Herald has been in formed that it may be expected that Boon . after the arrival of Dr. Barry in 8ydney, he will resign the Bishopric of Sydney. It ap- . pears that the English physicians strongly. advise Mrs; Barry not to return to Australia, j on account of the climate affecting her health ; thus there is no alternative left the Primate other than that stated above. It would be almost impossible at the preeent time to state ' the. future movements of Dr. Barry ; but it is thought that he will be offered the new See of Bristol, which will probably be created in the course of a few months ; or it may be that Dr. Harold-Browne, of Winchester, who is now 77 yearB of age, and bas occupied the \ Bishopric of Winchester for the past 17 years, , may possibly resign in the course of a few , months, and in that case no dcubt Dr. Barry will then be translated to Winchester. 