ehr â>pîmrp ^Horning gtrSDj. MORD A Y, AVGVST % 1888. TEE. reported visit of her Majesty the Queen to Baden hu been officially denied. TOE Italian nag bat bean hoisted at Zalla. Ii is stated that the annexation is at the argent request af the natives of tho place. ? ? THE Bev. Mr. Hunter, of Stornoway, says that he ie unable to entertain tie emigration écheme proposed by Mrfl.-JetBÏo Campbell Browne, of Sydney, until the de-' tails have been submitted to him. THE C¡riten; a London newspaper, Btates that Lord Carrington is desirous of resigning his position a» Governor of New Sooth Wales, bat there ia no founda- tion for the report " \- THE Imperial Postmoaler-Genoral has informed Sir Grabará Berry that be io unablo to agree to the pro- po-ed alteration ia the date of tho departure of the English- ru oils from Australia. He hopes that the Agents-General will induce their respective Govern- ments to accept the aitaation. FOR forging the same of E. Barr Smith, of the fins of Smith, Elder, and Co., Adelaide, to letters of credit for £200, a clerk of tho name of ¿rant, in England, bas been sentenced, to fivo years' penal servitude. TEE' protectorate of -Pleasant Island, in tho Papille, has bean assumed by Germany. . THE Pan-Anglican Conference at Lambeth resolved not to reoogniie divorce whore no adultery, had .been | committed, and refused to agree to the re-marriage of ; the guilty party where divorce had taken place. . j Er a. destructive Sre at New York 18 persona were killed, and many others seriously, inj axed. | IT'is generally boliovad that Dinisulu, who is reëpon- ! eible for the trouble in Zalaland, has lied to the Trans- j " Tire match between tho Australian Eleven and the Sooth' of England has been won by the Australians 1 by I one innings and 27 runs, ' ' 1 ' . TUE Australian Judges have resolved to inquire into (nonworking of tho Appellate Court in the Dominión of Canada before considering the advisableness of establish- 1 ing a Federal Court of Appeal in tbeso colonies.' . THE Gorernmoat bas resolved to -light tho wharf at ' Bullock Island, near Newcastle, by electricity. -. Tus coal proprietors of Newcastle hnve-decided not to forward their agreement to the miners'delegates until the resolutions passed at tho retint aggregate meeting of miners have been withdrawn, ? ?? ? Tns Mayor has directed a number' of alterations to be made at Moore Pork, Bolmore and Prince Alfred Parks are also being improved. ' TITS Board which is to report upon the experiments with robard'to anthrax in cattle and sheep hes accepted tho offor of Mr. T. W. Hammond, of - -'Old Junee," to carryout ihVexpariments at bis Bta'tion. THE manager of the A. A. Company's mine, New- castle, mado a communication to tho minors which the latter say virtually moans a réduction of ls." per. toa on the hewing rate. The men, at a mooting. Issi night, passed a resolution declining to carry out the arrange . THE question of the official costume of the - Judges of these colonies is to be taken into considération hy a committee appointed at the Melbourne con- ference. . FROZEN.meat by the R.M.S. Liguria has been aold In. London at 4jd. per lb. . IT is -announced that tho Hov. Dr. -Mr; Moore, Beman Ostholio Bishop of Ballarat, who is at présent in England, boa arranged to establish orders of the Slaters of Nazareth and Pathos of the Congregation of tho Holy Ghost at Ballarat Mn. EDWABD DCNC.ÍXSO.V has been appointed a director-of the P. &ud; 0\. Company. . i# AT a meeting of tho Northern Agricultural Associa- tion at Singleton on Saturday the trcasnrer'e statement showed a debit balance of £316, «nd it was resolved to invite the Ministry to tho nest show. Tire Fruitgrowers' Union, at its meeting at Parra- matta on Saturday, resolved to commnaicato with the Colonial Secretary, asking what steps had been taken towards -providing now fruit morkots. In tho event of tho reply being unsatisfactory, potitions will bo.pre- pared on tbe Bubjoctr ¡ So fow people were prcBant at a meeting which nos convened ot. Parramatta tor the parpóte ot forming a branch of. the Australian Natives' Aaaociotien there, that it wei deemed inadvisable to proceed with it The coroners jury in what is known as the "Botany mystery" found that Charles Andrews met his death by arsenical poison, and that the poison was | administered by his wife, now Louisa Collins. They returned a verdict., against her of wilful murder, and the coroner committed her for trial. \- AT the' Judges'' Conference at Melbourne it was j resolved that tho Supremo Courts ought to have power' to receivo proof after the conviction of a prisoner of his previous conviction in another colony. Ox Saturday night the oolice modo a' raid upon a gambling den ia Lower George- atroet, and succeeded in ' capturing eight'Europeans and three Chinamen. Tas bricklayers' strike at Brisbane has boen, settled by the masters agreeing to pay wages at the rata of 12a'per day. ' THE, Prince of Wales has sent a cabio message to the.Governor of Victoria expressing pleasure at hear- ing of the successful opening of the Melbourne Exhi- bition. ' Tra Young Borough Council have modo arrange- ments for lighting the borough with the aleotrio light . : Ay iron trades committee hos addressed a circular to th e. various societies connected with the trade, pointing out th« inadvieablsneu of employee* co-operating with a view of taking work from the Government on their own account. ' AvanasT other suggestions made by the Civil Ser- vice Ca m m i «si on. at Brisbane is one that immediate step« be taken to secure all important publio books and records from risk of destruction by fire. ? \- THE commerce of the Argentine Republic- appears to bo growing rapidly. From Bradstreet* we learn 'that in 1886 the import and export trade aggregated 194,a00,000do].' In 1887 it bad increased 24,000,000 dol., of -which 9,600,000001. wore 'toiA 14,500,000doL exports. « . Tm Sydney Stock Exchange will anna, Id a inga to-day. - THE Speaker of tho Victorian Assembly in,. I theso. colonies hare no fetters. We 1I*HISAI golden chain or a silken thread, tnrd oar dteinTÎ* the futuro we become a great empire, foj J union with tho mother-country ihoold bi tinned, nod that we should evea ¿ave BCIDIOIKZI with . Great Britain than we have at ta« ] ' time. ? Àcunui. FAIHFAS, speaking with rejirf ^. colonial def o ace, says that (he final arru g*^ j that the Imperial Government should prorii (, cruisers and torpedo vessels, at a coat of ¿800,000; i colonies paying a maxiinnm Bum of £$2,000lft for the maintenance of th'j sqnadroD, and imp on the capital Bum, Bx ths S. S. Oaledoni on, which arrival hg j eeilcs yesterday, Monsignor Navarre, Bishop ot I, Guinea, and Monsignor Tidal, Bishop ct Jjj^ passenger*. TBS ironmonldere at Malbourno har« mfaftl Coxae ont oa Btrike fgr higher wages. i AT the Uelbour&re; Exhibition, on Saturdaj-, i banquet was tendered by the members of tai U¿fiÉ tire Council and Assembly of Victoria tciil^tl tíoguíshed visitors from tho other colonia ¿W¡ 760 invitations were issued, and tho gathering vu,, sidered ono of the most distinguished em wi together ia the colonies. At the meeting of tho Senate of ths fe versify-on Monday last, two sets of tewlnttu were moved, by Professor STKPHSXS Md g CKANCCLLOB respectively, proposing ^ sweeping changée in the arrangements, oí j institution. The first resolutions, motels Professor STEPHENS, were referred to tofft! fessoriol Board fox report. The obj moved, by the CHANCBIXOB, were tt¡ much, discassion postponed for 'caoUe ation to the - first meeting in Sepirafe No one can object to the course takes bj A Senate, in dealing with these propouli i¿ berat ely. They ore not of a character (elT Bottled offhand. But whether they tooti:!] adopted or rejected, or carried in « oaSJ form hereafter, the mere fact of tJ introduction by the gentlemen vb sumed the responsibility for them i be welcomed as a sign of life udp gress. It is possible that ' respects the management of the TJniwJ has been marked by too frequent cht« Complaints under this head, haye aimil appeared in our columns. There B little doubt that for some time past tivkM have been mora or less disconcerted udpjl jected to inconvenience, if not to diutal tage, by changes in connection with the cob of study and the examinations. Thous proposed are of a different nature, andu regarded as constitutional changea, afftrfj tho relations between the University sodifl public, and providing a new syeteatofftfl versity finance. In England the great Isréfl sities have been escaping from the tefl of precedent, and acquiring, by the eitel of their activity and aims, a strongs h and a more direct influence upon ¿he ma the community. It is well that their eucj should be followed here ; not of neceseft exactly tho same way, but with similuc and in a liko spirit. Professor STEPHINE'S resolutions, wliid seven in number, lay down the oriüiiödi scheme which is intended "to bduta encourage a large attendance of s detering to pursue particular lines of fl research without proceeding to a &gnr.;] but at the samo time their object ii these special students under the iota» (j University principles, traditions, ai &| cipline by requiring them to cubicslbH making them formally members, aCf lng them to compote for bc» publishing their names in the regañid , lists, and giving them certificates of itta* I ance and proficiency. There may be raab difference- of opinion as to details <4£ Echeme» but OB to its main purpose it" ont broadly described os in haraoBy *t [ tho actual conditions and require* of. the colony, and aa tending ts e tabliab. the University mora firmly ia t regard of the public. Although in h reached the close of our first centra^ the rapid progress of tho colony &1 recent date. The community is jónnftfi has not yet struggled out of the conditioâ1 pioneering enterprise. We hate no* 1 developed a leisured class. Th« .loni learning for ita own anio has not yet uh hold of the young men of .the cfc To a large extent it is held that tb nb" a thing ia measured by the retarniilc bring. Examples of' success1 in life tf from education in ita higher fonts ito* and . every one of them has its ai*3 under actual circumstances in discwV ing the pursuit of learning. ^ these condition's it is not surpri1^' tho progress of the University UjJ rapid than could bo desired, and ii the tution stands in a position too far outs^6 range of public attention. We are mindful of tho progress that has been o* pf lato years both in the number of and in the acquisition of influence; huts* may fairly bo looked for, and mort*^' gained by adapting the institution ta * tendencies and needs of the times t**1* ignoring them, or fighting against ^es Not that the cause of learning enou?' sacrificed, or that anything should ba ««. dim or extinguish what may be tero«0 central light of the TJnivertdtj. W* ?want ia to bring largor numbers oí oar?*! men within reach of some port*3, 'the wido circle of ita raya. Th« ft**' observed are, that at present then u« who cannot alford the time to ifctf. degrees, and that there ore vaa'r^. who, lacking the . inclination ^-vL course, would still gladly., aeiie T Jj? tunity of pursuing some sppcial ot study. üuder the bylain j»* force, any person desirous of «""^ University lectures may do so ".""¡JS cülatioii upon payment of the prescribe^ Bot that ia not enough for .tlose «1* pursue some special branch of '""^j direct reference to tho bearing of tl»**", on their Buccess in life. The »tB"-Tj lectures or tho laboratory preotie** V\A systematic reading connected **j¡ Should lend to a tangible and result,' in tho shape of a certificat6 fleiehey. j . It ia to be observed that fte «WjJ posed by Professor STBÍHENÍ i» ?» ?j ment of the,- aims of fts "'"S not a substitution of one purpose Its -intention is not to narrow field' of study for the ^ ^¿ji graduates who now enter fte Uii«^jj| would oontinue to . enter it * j^l 'were made. Its purpose la to the/University men who othar»i««*Jj . «rater it, and to enable them to *Tj |u¿ th* high eat and most efficient in io those special branches of study ¿£ they may be led by special apti I* ^ inclination, or interest It is w¿ te «* kow the admission of thia " jpier of students could interfere j ¿0 progress of those others ^ïtJoU enter with, the view of gaining The number of the latter must in r » natural process of growth, and by ^¿ffdopment of the community. It is not fg£(P bs forced by artificial methods. It frjjtKkilTto be accelerated by closing the ! af the University for purposes of l^pöaQoa, and the declaration of ^¿acy i° special subjects, for ^, who co old not afford to spare ¿na necessary for obtaining a H The probabilities seem to us to point ptfwr way. It may easily be conceived who entered with only limited &es; in view would be led on, after passing i ¿ea under the influence of University ipliae, to strain a point and apply, as is -&dinthe; last of Professor STEPHENS's (j for permission to commence the full I y, with a view to graduation. In that ' ( tie enlargement of system wonld in jtwty be productive of gain. ! jÇe proposals brought forward by the Jfljccxoa are two in number. Their aim ¡ D protide for the remuneration of all professors, lecturers, and teachers by ¿aries, and to appropriate the fees either I .je parpóse of meeting the cost of general ^^jftrsty administration, or of self-support j ii professional schools. We apprehend tie CHÀ5CEIX0B has been led to make ¡ proposals partly by the teachings of ex- | ace and partly by a forecast of future it A system of fixed or graduated, its, if well adjusted, would be more ! .ibis than the mixed system of salaries fee* now in operation. It should ! lead to mitigate the rivalry of the schools, sight otherwise be aggravated by the Kstth of on increased interest in profes ^Jpxi srudiea. The question to be considered nether the tendency of the change would i ö diminish the interest of professors, leetniera, or teachers in the discharge their duty? In some departments of : the system of payment by fees sfepted on the acknowledged ground of a ^£if that it supplies a stimulas to zeal and Bat if there be any place where the if omeo ia of itself honourable, and a ie of distinction, and where higher itiona than those of pecuniary seif- st should bc dominant, it is the place lied hy the teaching staff of the national 'swnitv. At the same time, it is to be re~ ibered that men cannot be expected to spa honour and distinction, and that tho tt&awal; of fees would necessitate the re of salaries on a liberal basis. The extension of municipal government is 1 all sides as one of our pressing ities, although it is not true that evcry really desires it. At present it is ^BEnil, and if all the country wished it, all eoantry could have it The mere fact outside the towns and suburbs the BS has been very slightly brought into tis the best proof that rural landholders it whole do not greatly desire it The seed law is not so mach a new law as Kmpolsory extension of a system already zgse. The Government desires it for the ! of easing the central exchequer, it will do notwithstanding the large ^&dy; in aid of local taxation. It will * the charge comparatively a fixed one, »31 relieve the Minister for Works from ifepltiing pressure. diminish the taxation ? Pro ur not, oe CA use il we add the local to thc uni taxation, the demand for money for ¿¡ie purposes will on the whole be aler than under a central system. Accord ? to the figures produced in the April aler of the Edinburgh Revino the weak b of local self-government ÍB its finance. ^ lyrtem itself is deep-rooted in English *wy and custom. In England "it touches; aeries as old as the Heptarchy; it rights and customs as old as the Con *" But within the laut 10 or 20 ra ttere has been a wonderful develop- ed of marj ci pal expenditure. This ¿aa sn from what in itself is to ! rejoiced over, namely, a greater for healthy conditions, and for the ¿¿plication of those common luxuries and ^inieaees which make life better worth "ág. Our ancestors did -without splendid **an of water supply, and cared les» than J de for stately parks and pleasure grounds, ¡roes and museums, baths and washhouses, fte erection aod adornment of great public à&aga.; For these things now there is a passion, and it indicates a higher option of Ufé. Eut these luxuries m(h»« «ej. andthe tendency towards mur».»íthe WJwiag and lavish expenditure is roost "^ei Tho outstanding loans isaned by local "4oniJtt in England have increased 8C : cent in ten yeera. In the metropolitan .Set the debt is now £7 10a, per head, or «Hsyear's rental, and if the gas and companies were bought up aa- -r~ proposed, the ^\ "° ,C! * *H peV bead. I-' *T * teadency <\- IomI expenditure bemg t¡^¡¿&\- Thoa during the same * jem ia which the English municipal koasaiedgopBrcenfc the corresponding *àa debt increased 112 per cent It «t be observed, however, that in America * towns have been growing very rapidly, 4 twa had to do everything {rom the 'Puiag, ead it most also be added that in of their ci tie«, and notoriously 3*w Tork, much has been squandered and lidded t inttralis we have not yet equalled 4er the English or the American experience, tt there are many indications that we axe .Nilma; on the same road, and that mnnici T« show a disposition to mah into "I *Bich needs a vigilant oversight ?*«peitof the taxpayers. There has been «a gnunbUng in Parliament of late over ..ajttot ot the Appropriation BQl ; but it of very littl* use to save there if there '.mat increase of expendí ta re elsewhere. *» «ot very much matter which pocket ^axjsrer has topsy out of j the question T*^U how much he has to pay alto r" *» public purposes. He cannot . be ".Woferaothmg, bot the matter for bia ' "esiäsr is whether he gets Mi Jj"* fm fio. 'When the mrrnc] spent he gets a- better re J^f^' BB» the puMi: onÜay/ ¡> *. Assuy ?sntfarúed as private óíÜA¡ would be. In ona respect there is a great economy in the money of all being spent on behalf of all ; but in another respect, the strongest guarantee of economy is lost when the oversight of the individual does not regu- late the expenditure. It seems strange, but yet it is a fact, that municipal expenditure is not so closely looked after by ratepayers os the general expendi- ture of the conntry ia. The money voted by Parliament ia more closely watched than the money voted at municipal council meetings. It is generally thought i that that which is nearest us touches | us most; but this seems hardly to be true with regard to municipal expenditure. Per- haps this is due to the greater publicity given to Parliamentary proceedings, and to the greater attention given to them by the Press. Th onsen ds of ratepayers never notice what is done by their municipal council till a new rate-paper rona ea their i attention to tho fact that some new and in ; creased taxation has been imposed, j According to the Edinburgh JtevUnxr, the local taxation in England is not only in- creasing, bat is increasing much more rapidly ! than the population or tho wealth» and there I fore the .barden on property is becoming pro- portionately heavier ; and it must be remem- bered that local taxation falls wholly on property, while the general taxation for the central treasury falls mainly , on consumption or income. In Eng I land, however, the cost of education ' is paid ont of local taxation, and so also are many other charges which with ns rest on the general revenue. The same is the case in ; America with the State Governments, while I with us local expenditure is exclusively de 1 voted to local improvements. For this reason we cannot make any strict comparison either with England or America. In England, ¡ however, the local taxation ia now at the rate j of £2 per head, whilo the general taxation of I the country ia only £2 9s. Gd., inclusive of the national debt, which takes nearly a third of it, and the great naval and military expenditure, which takes more than a third. In America an examination of the debts of six- teen of the principal cities shows that while their population in ten years has increased 70 per cent., tho debt hus increased 270 per cent, ; and the local taxation 363 per cent, and there 1 are one or two cases where the pressure on property is so groat that the cities have ceased i to grow. The experience of our brethren in England I and America is for our instruction j and some I times for our warning. We must, as a matter of political necessity, place large tax I ing and spending powers in the hands ot , municipal councils. We cannot go back upon 1 this policy, because it is clear that to centralise I all our local expenditure would be to destroy our political system. But, while we must [have alargo development of municipal go- vernment, it is well that we should know the tendency to municipal extravagance, and that we should everywhere, aa far as possible, encourage that wise and judicious expenditure which would give us a full equivalent All real estate will soon be included within municipal boundaries, and the value of real estate as a trustworthy in- vestment will very largely be at the mercy of municipal councillors. . The question of the best method of collect ing payment fox water is not an easy oni to determine. Each of the methods sag gestad seems to involve difficulties. No on thinks the payment-by-room plan ia al toge the fair. The letters again BC the proposed valuatioi system afford proof that, as at present arranged it will not be equitable. The charge b¡ meter is undoubtedly the fairest method o: fixing the payment. Every one wonld ther pay for the water used, and for no more. Fron a sentimental point of view water should b< free ap the air. And so it is, but everywhere there is a certain amount of trouble in getting it, and those who use water must either go tc the trouble of obtaining it themselves, or else pay others for providing it. A general pro- vision is the most economical method, and everyone should pay for bis share of that pro- vision. That shore can be exactly propor- tioned by the meter as it can be propor- tioned in no other way. Eesides this advantage the meter would tend to check tho extravagant use of water. Many millions of gallons would be saved annually if the restric- tion of payment according to quantity were imposed. Probably it would tempt to nig- gardliness and dirtiness, and. conséquent un- healthiness. That is the greatest objection. Bat we believe that pnblic sentiment would enforce personal cleanliness, and thia, together with vigilant municipal t supervision, wonld prevent the nuisances j of filthy yards and premises. There is, j of course, the question of cost of thc j netere. Even it that is not met, as a eorres Ijjondent has suggested, by the owners of houses, it might be provided as a part of the scheme. Probably £200,000 to £250,000 : wonld be enough to furnish a meter for every boosey in the metropolis^.. ínétere, it the saving of woj^Jy -%t the Commission hecoin^r £ ^ not be desirable in the interesta of economy to ask a vote for this provision. Large as is the present supply, it will not he adequate for all time ; but it will b* sufficient if restricted by the use of meters for many years longer than if the proposed system of payment by valuation is adopted ; for under that system there is no greater check on waste than nuder the present method. In this way the cost of the meters would probably be much more than saved. Whatever may be decided, how- ever, it is to be boped that the Commission will give this view of the question their full consideration. ! The deputation that waited on the Govern I ment relative to the sewerage of the eastern i suburbs ought to have been about thia work long ago. The sewer to Bondi and all its connecting drains and. sewers repre- sent but one work; the principal aub eidùry drains at any rate should have been completed simultaneously with the maia sewer. This sewer is practically money lying idle until the connecting drain« are completa and the whole are in use ; and it ls rather disappointing to hear that tho turveys for the drainage of Paddington, Woollahra, and. Waverley have yet to be completed. It ,is impossible to sup- pose that these surveys could not have beeil fmíshed long ego, if not by the. ordinary official staff by special officers. The I construction of the sewers should have been in full operation, giving employment | to the" men who have .been ont of '-work. the residents of the eastern suburbs have' "fair* reason to complain of the delay for two very good and suffi- cient reasons. First, they will have all the longer to suffer from an atmo- sphere vitiated from want of adequate sewers ; and secondly, ' the temporary meas aroa they have to adopt for imperfect drainage involve a wasts of their money* There is thus the loss of interest on the ! public funds invested in the main sewer \ and there is a waste of the funds of the ratepayers for the cost of the temporary provision that has to be made. We may be glad to hear that, so far as Paddington is concerned, the Government hope to have the surveys complete in a month, j and the necessary action taken for carrying out1 the work. And when with regard to Woollahra and Waverley Mr. SUTHERLAND says that what is necessary will be done as fast as the Government get the means of carrying ont the surveys, it is to be hoped that, for the sake of the public health and the public revenue, as much expedition as possible will be used. 