,:E OPERA GLASSES. \- VALTER EDAR 'CANNss. - . . tdark and raining hard when Cap I:ton came out of the station, and he i Si,illeri to the Lone. His ride had been -,.irely te-dious; he had never felt more; f -,ud'. Tihe clock in front of the doorl •utedr to half-pist eleven. Should he go to l . rterl, or go straight to Bancroft's house I 'f . chose the latter. TI;; fr:end being a bachelor, the lateness '" the h.lr made no diff.rence. so the cap rn called acab, and a very wet, ledraggled ;idividual, diffusing an alcoholic perfume -.ou1li the mist, responded, and announced `. :nself the proprietor of one of those vehicles .::d his willingness to go anywhere. And now a dispute arose The cabman, !i owing that he was the only one available the moment, asked ten shillings for the ..rvice Captain Clayton desired. The captain was much annoyed. Five " ould have been a princely remuneration. i:ancroft's house, he knew, was only a " >uple of miles off and he would have walked Slere had the weather not been so bad, and i-vl he felt sure he knew the way. But in .* dark night there was a risk, so after a * harp controversy he submitted to be -.indled, and got in. Away they went, the vehicle jolting and indibering most disagreeable. Clayton, hav i:? lighted a cigar, threw himself back and r.laced his feet on the opposite seat, still mzntally grumbling. His right foot touched something. He .?ut out his hand and took theartieleup. In :he dim light bhe made out that it was a pair ,f opera-glasses, small, mother-of-pearl and told, and very handsome. Imperfect as examination could be under the circum stances, he knew they must be very valu able. He was now elated, for he certainly had got the lst of the driver, after all. Some body had left the glasses on theseat--the last person who had used the cab. ' If I give them to him, he will sell or pawn them without taking the trouble to tind the owner. I shall advertise them, and if nobody appears as claimant, they, in all justice, lwlong te me. I think it is the hand :omestpair I ever saw. They must have belonged to a lady. They were now at Bancroft's and the driver got down and let his fare out. Captain Clayton paid him with a smile -a cheerful ness that very much puzzled cabby, who had expected another wrangle, and perhaps, after all, an appeal to the police ; but the hand some captain paid him his ten shillings with almost a sort of alacrity. Bancroft was at home, and, of course, still rn, awaiting his friend, and "in a few minutes ,,. _,n est was seated in the library before a 'azing fire, and with glasses, 'cigirs, and I r:ndy before him. It was New Year's Eve. Captain Clayton I:d risited Lond.)n to pay calls with his friend Mr George Bancroft. So they chattered of where they were to go next day, and of many other things, but ,erer a word said our friend about the opera glasses found in the cab. Still, the whole. evening he was thinking about them. They smelt of perfume--some delicious French extract --and it was as certain as anything could be that they had belonged to some member of the fair sex. Here, perhaps, was romance in this curious little incident. When he had retired to his room he did not sleep for an hour, his mind still busy with conjecture. The idea that had taken possession of him that the owner was not only a woman, Iut a very pretty one, re mained there. He drew a mnental portrait of ler, and he was busy elaborating it when he dropped asleep. Next morning at breakfast he asked for the newspaper with an eagerneSi that sur ,rised his friend; but there was nx advertise nent for missing opera-glasses. Be resolved to allow a couple of days to pass and then to advertise them himself. He felt more and more certain that something interesting -vas to follow his little stroke of good for tune And now, after some hours, le and his friend Baneroft set forth to pay their The first two or three visits wre of but .night interest. At length Bazroft said they were to call on his particul acquaint ance the Camerons-the eldest da hter, Miss Jennie Cameron, was in his opini n, the most 1,eautiful young lady in Loe u;and so ,layton saw their carriage dra, up before the door with very pleasant expe) ations. They were ushered in amid so e visitors traking an evidently unwilling t regretful departure. There were M3rs Cameron, still handsome woman, and her three dauglte -the. two younger easily determined, bott extremely pretty girls. But the eldest, 3 ss Jennie, h-lo emerged from the gloom at the rear of the room, was singularly beautif. Captain Clayton, in a wide ex Frience, had xever seen any one so lovely and yet so odd in her style of beavty. She had profuse ' golden' hair a peculiar rich color, and ldack eyes, ar an olive complexion. Her hair was rema ably abun dant, and fell about her face an neck in a ,-urious entanglement and di rder. She was tall and rather slight, rid hadl an *.xquisitely graceful manner, p.a icularly as she walked. Clayton was in a t of way thrilled at this strange an beautiful apparition. So the gentlemen took wine, d the all ,hatter for a few minutes, ,ut p sently the vaptain found himself a little ap. from the rest and at his side the lovely [iss Came ron. Henmade, a little awkwardly, me com ment on the day. lie never fel o embar rassed. 'No,shesaid, 'Lit as not be a plea sant one to me. I am great worried. T~ast night I weit to the thentr and met with a loss-a pair of opera-glass I have ;ot been ahle to think of nnyth, since T ,ade the discovery of their di pearanee, which was not until this morning. Hisheart stoodstiil. Whatsl Id hesayl IbId he found the Icst treasur ' Th-y wwere rather unique,"sl went on; sunll, and of ,nother-of-pearl aid :. I do not suppose there is alnher pair exactly like them. I would willi y .give a *,reat deal to Ihavce them bak, reasons ,:"sid of the:ir v?,c. i slhai ?ivcrtise. althoungh I have almost a presentiment that it will 1i,, useless. ' But where did you lose them ?inquired Clayton, smiling with expectancy. I 'In the theatre, I'mi sure.. I-am as nearly certain as it is possible to be that I laid them on the seats as I put on my wraps, and Sdid not take them up again. I do not i recollect having them with me as I rode home in the cal', for we had hired one. We left before the performance was over. Is sent to the theatre this morning, but nothing was, known there. It seems that a watch man goes about every night after the de parture of the audience to take charge of any property that may have been accidentally left, but my opera glasses were not among the articles found. It is a most perplexing affair. And,' she added, in a sort of abstrac tion, 'it is so necessary that I should have them.' Captain Clayton was extremely interested. The lady was so curiously beautiful, and there seemed just a spice of mystery in :the busi ness. There could be no mistake about her anxiety, and she spoke with -a reserve-that suggested, he thought, something romantic. And now came Bancroft to announce that they must go ; they had, indeed, rather over staved the few minutes society allows. They withdrew, Captain Clayton with in expressible reluctance. In the carriage again, Bancroft said : ' How did you like Miss Cameron ' Did you ever meet before with such a singular type of beauty! But you saw her some what at a disadvantage. She is a good deal troubled, Last night she met with a loss, as 1 learned from her sister--a very valuable pair of opera-glasses.' 'Yes, so she told me. A present from some one, I judge,' remarked Clayton, a slight shade of inquiry in his tone, but with out display of special interest. ' From Dr. Magnus, to whom I rather think she is engaged. He admires her pas sionately. He is very rich, and I suppose they will be married.' ' A young man r' ' He is not an old man. He is fifty, I should say, and that is almost youthful in this generation. He came into his wealth only recently through the death of a nephew . ºfor whom he was guardian. The young man died under rather singular circumstances. He was drowned, and there were some who hinted a case of suicide. His health was very bad, and he was extremely despondent. He had a handsome place in the country about fifty miles out-' Redcastle' it is called. Dr. Magnus is now living there. He is very much of a recluse. Miss Cameron. I suspect is his first love, notwithstanding his years-; I and he makes, as you may fancy, a most ex travagant knight.'-. And so they chatted on this subject a little longer, but still Clayton said nothing of his curious discovery. That the opera glasses he had-found were those Mids Cameron had lost was now beyond doubt; but something-what " was it ?--still -moved him to keep quiet. It was a few nights afterwards that, at Bancroft's suggestion, they called upon the young lady. To the gratification of Clayton's curiosity, Dr. Magnus happened to be present. He had come down by the train that after noon. - The Captain was not altogether favorably impressed with his. appearance-a rather small, dark man, round-shouldered, thjn and wiry, and wearing glasses just a little colored. He had the look of a student, and there was something nervous and impatient in his manner, such as many overworked men have -those who apply themselves too much to intellectual labor. . Baneroft he already knew, and Olayton he serutinised hard. I The evening passed pleasantly, Dr. Magnus I not talking much, but always well. At len'th Clayton found himself on the I sofa beside Miss Jennie Canmeron. He fancied that she was not altogether sorry for this ac cident. He could tell, indeed, that she liked him. SThey talked for a minute, and then the captain said: 'About your opera-glasses-have you heard anything of them ' ' Hush ' she said, quiekly, with a fright ened glance towards Dr. Magnns. '-Not a word about them from any quarter, and I have been so distressed. They were a present from Dr. Magnus, and he charged me so particular to be careful with them.- He does not dream that they are lost.' The doctor often turned his glances in her direction, and it was easy to see that he did not like the situation altogether. He would have preferred Clayton to sit somewhere else. That sharp observer saw that be was an in tensely jealous man. As little as he vet knew of the doctor, he was not favorably impressed, -and there seemed to.his mind something sinister about the mature and spectacled lover. The conversation with 3Miss Jessie Cameron continuing, Dr. Magnus grew violently an noyed. Clayton peirsisted, perhaps, to bring about this result. When, at-length, be took his leare, the doctor was quite out of humor. That night Clayton,: undressing, thought over everything, and resolved to still retain the opera-glassess. He had a sort of pIresen. timent that something was yet to come of his mysterious good luck in the cab. Rather oddly, an event of moment followed very soon. Clayton was called unexpectedly out of town. He was retuirning in the after noon by train, when, through some inatten tion to signals, another train came swiftly round a dangerous curve and dashed into the rear of the one in which the captain was seated, which had stopped at the station. There was an alarming smash and great excitement. It proved, however, that few of the passengers were hurt, and none of them seriously; but the driver of the express was sealded, and .some of the carriages were thrown from the rails, and so it was likely that traffic would be delayed several hours. Captaiin Clayton d~escended from his car riage and surveyed the wreek:, -and his ser -ices not being needed in any way tlat:-he could discover, he strolled up and down the platform in that unpleasant fiame of mind common to travellers in similar predica He inquired about- thelieighborhood--who were.the principal 'residents,.. and :-lik ues tions, and at iugth observed-. a very con spicuions and handsome building less than half a mile distiiant. . Whose was it 1 'Dr. Magnus lives there,' returned the {, sociable old gentleman with whom he con- I versed. ' The property formerly belonged to his nephew, young Mr Chiltern, who was drowned not long ago in a curious way.' Clayton started with surprise. There seemed almost a fatality in this. His mind instantly reverted to the opera glasses. ' Drowned ' His companion was an elderly, stout per-' son with a rosy face, fond of talking, and evidently one of those amiable gossips who inhabit most small rural places. 'Redcastle' is the name of the estate,' pursued this genial sage. 'There is an immense quantity of land there, and among other things there is a remarkable lake. Young Chiltern was fond of boating, and went out every morning and afternoon. He was a rather mopey young man, and not fond of society. He would lie in his boat and read and study the surroundings. Dull fun, I should say, but all are not alike. There was a terrible storm on the evening of his death, and he did not return to the house as usual, and next morning, being still missing, it be came pretty certain that he was drowned, and, sure enough, they found his body. I saw it myself-a horrible sight-the hands, out stretched and the eyes glaring. 'Rather odd, wasn't it T suggested Clayton, profoundly interested. 'I suppose it is a sort of artificial lake, and I don't see how anyone could drown, particularly a practised boat man, under such circumstances, however severe the storm may have been.' ' It was undoubtedly a mystery, and the inquest failed to show anything. The young man was alone. Some have since hinted suieide, but there was no motive for that, you see--or, at least none that anybody could dis cover. His uncle, Dr. Magnus, however, testified that he was very eccentric, and at times acted as if not altogether right in his head.' 'Captain Clayton ieflected for a while' in silence, and then said SHas' Dr. Magnus anyone stopping with him at present. His companion nodded. Some ladies arrived yesterday-the name is Cameron, I think-and very handsome girls they are.' ' I know them,'said Clayton, with alacrity. 'I have some time to spare, and shall drop in upon Dr. Magnus: I suppose the high road yonder leads to the housel' 'Eh? Bless my soul! You know them ' exclaimed the old gestleman, in confusion, trying to recall if he had said anything im prudent. 'That talk about the suicide was all gossip, you know, and no one' 'That is the road, is it I' ' That is the road, quite direct, sir, and'- Clayton waved a farewell and strode off. Half an hour later he was marching up the long approach to Dr. Magnus's stately resi dence. There was a group on the verandah, and Captain Clayton was recognised with silvery cries of astonishment.. Dr. Magnus looked black as thunder for an instant, then commanded himself, advran ced. and greeted the arrival. So now an explanation was in order, and the captain told the story of the little disas ter to his train, heightening the accident with those dramatic touches which help a narrative of the kind, and yet they do not violate the truth. StrCould there be any better introduction! than the account of this interesting adven ture I The uneasiness of the doctor, if any had existed, was dispelled. - SClayton had arrived in a perfectly natural way, and had not, as might have at first seemed, imprudently intruding himself. - Tea and a pleasant evening followed. TheI ladies were charming-Miss Jennie most ani mated-and by the time the little party broke; up, the stranger having been invited to re main over night, Dr. Magnus was in extreme g0ood humor with him. As the captain loitered there a gardener strolled by; and he asked for the story again., as if he had never heard it. The man told it at great length, and a little prozily. ' How strange,' said Clayton, oddly impres sed as he had never been before. ' And he died quite alone.' ' Quite alone,' said the man. 'And his handsome big pipe, that he was so fond of, went down with him, too, and his book and opera-glasses.' ' Opera-glasses r The gardener stared. Olayton grew suddenly pale, but in a me ment he commanded himself. ' You can't imagine,' he said, .'how this shoeking affair effects me. The opera-glasses we"re, no doubt, like the pipe, rare and valu able V 'f ' 'Very handsome,- sir-small, and made of mother-of-pearl, and gold. Mr Chiltern biought them abroad, and I heard him say there was not another pair like 'em. There was something peculiar about the-the lenses, I think he called 'em. He prized 'em greatly:. 'They went down with him, and have never been seen since.' ' Perhaps he did not have them in the boat that afternoon,' suggested Olayton, rather shortly. 'I saw themn in his hand as he was on his way from the house,' returned the man. Little further followed, and the gardener \- strolled away. 'By heaven!' thought Clayton, 'this is fatality indeed. T am satisfied as I stand here that young Chiltern was murdered, and, that Dr. Magnus took his life. And heis the wretch who aims to marry MissCameron ! The evidence of the crime is in my possession, placed there by Providence itself.' J What should he do ?' That Dr. Magnus and Miss Cameron were engaged was no longer a secret, and that the marriage could not be far off was almost cer tain. ',' The physician was.too deeply in love to run any risk of loosing his prize by deferring his good fortune. Clayton finally concluded that the direct course would be the best. He would go straight to Dr. Magnus and accuse him of I the crime. 'His demand for proof should be Smet with the strange story of these opera glasses. SHe returned to thehouse. At the door he fou'ndhorses stariding. Presently frorii the door emerged Dr. Maganus and Miss Jenide : Caiieron, the latter singuildrly lovely in her riding-habit. :. She greeted Clayton gaily; but he fancied almost with a sort of embarrassment. He detected a blush. Was it on his account ? ' Men are said to be all more or less coxcombs, 1 and the captain felt an inward thrill. The doctor, too, was in good humor, and apparently just a little nervous and hurried. So after a word or two away went the pair, and Clayton entered the house to breakfast, at which pleasant occupation he had the so ciety of the other ladies. He spoke of the morning ride of the doctor I and his beautiful guest. 'That is an established thing,' said Mrs Cameron. 'Jennie is a famous equestri enne!' After breakfast, Clayton was distrait. He smoked a great many cigars and he took a long,.walk. The weather, though very bracing, was still warm, and with pleasant sunshine the country had a certain charm. But it was a long day for the captain, who was city bred and had no great rural tastes. Dr. Magnus and Miss Cameron returned to a late dinner, both in high spirits. Clayton felt uncomfortable as he sat at the physician's table. His host, indeed, but a man whom he knew, both by the singular chain of circumstances, and what was-still surer, an intuition, was a murderer. - He could see now in the lines of the doctor's face craft and cruelty-the small, wavering eyes, the teline mouth, and also the thin, strangely flexible hands. After dinner cards and music followed, but the evening, beginning so, early, was a long one. At length the little party broke up, and the ladies trooped away to their bedrooms. Captain Clayton and his host were in the Sparlor alone. . The former felt like a man who is about to go into action. The door was closed, and the fire in the grate was burning easily. It would be hard to fancy a more domestic scene, or one less suited to anything sensational. ' I have been famishing for a cigar for two' hours,' said Dr. Magnus, taking out his case and disclosing its treasures. 'If you like them strong and well-flavoured, you will praise these, I am sure.' Clayton somehow could not bring himself to take one. , 'I do like them,' he said,but my doctor has forbidden the indulgence. I have a milder article here; and he lighted one from his own. pocket. The doctor went out of the room a moment i and returned with a decanter of brandy and some water, which he placed on the table, and having also lighted his cigar, he sat down, and for a while there was silence. '.This is a pretty place in the season, I should think,' began Clayton, after looking round at the size of the room, the handsome furniture and the pictures,' but don't you find it in winter just a little tranquil.' 'No, I am fond of solitude. I rarely go out. I don't care for anything but reading.' 'Yonr nephew, young Mr Chiltern, was something of a recluse, wasn't he 1' observed Clayton. ' He was, and too much so,' said the doe tor, coolly. '.He died very suddenly, I believe, and Miss Cameron told me by accident,' said Clayton, raising his eyes from the point of his cigar and looking steadily into the physician's face. Be could not, however, see the doctor's features well, as he was on the other side of the shaded lamp, ' Yes, he died suddenly and by accident,' returned Dr. Magnus, unmoved. 'It is a painful subject to me, as you may imagine, i and no one ever alludes to it here int my presence. But, between ourselves, I will say I frankly that I don't know whether it was an laccident or not. I hope so. He was drowned you know, in the lake. There was no one present, and no evidence of any kind ever appeared to lead to the belief that he jumped into the water deliberately. But one or two people suspected that might have been the case. He often said he was bored, with living,' Clayton's ci~gar had gone out, and he held it towards the lanmp. 'It was known tobesoa But this is ani awfully dismal topic for me, captain. Is your cigar out ' 'Wetl,'that was a mistake," said Clayton. slowly; 'for his opera-glasses turned up, and are in my possession.' : And by a movement that appeared to be unintentional, he threw of the shade of the lamp, and the sudden glare fell directly on i the doctor's.face. ..... The sinister features looked startled and awfully white. The cigar dropped from his hand. ' What do you mean T he said, faintly. SHe was striving to compose himself, and he cast:a glance at-the'liquor near him. ' He had those glasses in the boat with him that day, beyond a doubt, Dr. Magnus,' pursued Clayton, in a still more determined voice : ' They afterwards came'into the possession ofMiiss Jennie Cameron, and then, by a most singular accident, into mine. 1 have them now.. They are young .Chiltern's glasses be yond a doubti because there is not another pair in the country. And, moreover, his ntmeis engravyed on the cross- piece. Doctor I have circumstantial evidence sufficient, I think, for any jury that your iiephew was? murdered-.thrown into the water by violence when he was not on his guard-and that you were the man .who committed the crime.' He stood up and leaned over Dr. Magnus, ,who shrank back witha sort of appalled glare.- But if there was ever guilt in a man's I facee it was in hi& ' What do yoiu mein,' he said, panting, I ' by coming to insult me in this manlner inmy.own house ?- I understand it all. You admnire:Miss Cameron, and you take this ex traordinary method to remove imeas-a rival. You believe that a breath of accusation of this sort would ruin me in her eyes. It is a boid.:plot, .Captain Olayton, but it will not succeed. hlad my :opinion of you at first sight. I command you to quit my premises thisiinstant,' and he strove to get up. But Clayton raised his finger. ' Be careful, Dr. Magnus. If you are an innocent man, nothing can be easier than to prove' it-; and, first of all to explain the cir cuinstances attaclhing to the opera-glass. • Miss Cameron told me that -she had themt from your own hands. There is overwhelm ing evidence that Chiltern had them with him in his?-boat that afternoon. Here is a matter to be explained, and by you alone.r It is as certain as I stand here that you killed that young man to obtain his pr3perty. You hope now by your wealth to mInrry Miss Cameron. but you will not succeed. I sh:il denotuce you as a murderer.' Clayton returned to his chair. The doctor was quiet for a moment, and then suddenly poured out and drank some of the brandy. After a few minutes his manner underwent a change, the stimulant ascending to his brain and bringing a more life-like color to his face. The whole matter, as I perceived, turns on Miss Cameron,' he said, in a most natural voice. ' You are in love with her and would shield her from marrying a man guilty of a capital crime. Well, what if I admit that I did remove my nephew in that manner you describe? You would not care denounce me-at least, if you love the young lady, as I know you do. We were privately married at the registry office this morning. That was the object of our morning ride together. If you care about seeing the certifiicate, I can show it to you in two minutes. And he laughed with a cynical defiance. Clayton was astounded. The man was evidently speaking the truth. There could be no more doubt of the marriage than of the murder. ' I feared something would happen, you see, and I made sure, said Dr Magnus. ' She is my wife as fast as law can make us, and if you really feel the admiration and affection for her you have professed, you will naturally wish to spare her feelings. Such effrontery was incredible. The wretch no longer made any secrettheerime but,shield ing himself behind his wife, bade defiance. For a few minutes Clayton sat motionless. He saw his position plainly. To denounce Dr. Magnus was to crush and overwhelm the innocent, and particularly the woman, whom he himself had loved. And yet he felt that it would not do to admit the hopelessness of his situation, and, as it were, to compound so terrible a crime. 'I shall have no more to say to you to night, Dr. Magnus ; ant he arose. 'I con 'fess your cool and insolent bearing amazes me; but you believe that you are beyond the reach of justice I warn you not to trust too much to that impression.' He went out of the room, the physician watching him with a dark stare, in which there was something of renewed anxiety. - What if Clayton should denounce him after all ' Arrest would follow-trial-per haps the worst. It would be a terrible blow to his wife, but still women do not die of these things. She might survive the shock and disgrace, and might even take a second husband in the person of this handsome Clayton himself. It .was a queer world, as the doctor, who had seen a good deal of it, knew.' Clayton went to his room, and for some time sat in a reverie. He felt that Dr. Magnus really had the advantage over him. 'It is useless. I cannot reveal to her this shocking secret. This man would be hanged, and I should be the one to put the rope ibout his neck. All I might he able to say of duty would be worthless in her eyes. She would tell me that I -ought to have spared her and those dearest to her. I shall have to keep the secret.' It was late, and he glanced at his bed, and then around his room. It was a dismal, old-fashioned chamber, and he heard somestory of its being haunted The mansion was a very old one and had its legends. Certain adventures had taken place in by gone days, when it belonged to a Royalist family. Clayton had heard them talked of at dinner. Yes, it might well he haunted, this dreary room, he thought. The lamp made odd shadtlows in the corners and on the wall The bed was a commodious four-poster, such as Sbelonged to a past age, and the chairs tall and stiff" The windows reached very nearly from the foor to the eeiling, and gave a cer tain sense of insecurity. Captain Clayton was not afraid of ghoMsts, Sbut he could not help acknowledging a feeling Sof uneasiness. All bhe had been through during the day, and the interview just ended-the reaction -began to tell upon him, and he experienced a kind of fatigue andti dejection. Best hle thooght, go to bed at once, and sleep would bring refreshment. Very soon hbe was in bed, but his mind was still busy. Cares and doubts, it is within nearly every one's experience, are persistent sometimes at the hour of slumber, and the feeling they arouse is nearly one of torture. At last, however, the captain dosed, and the images in his mind formed themselves into the grotesque phantasmagoria of a dream. Hte had been in this state of uneasy slumber for almost three- quarters of an hour, when he becameabruptly conscious again, and was in an instant perfectly wide awake. He was aware, by some subtle intuition, that hlie had been aroused by a noise, and without stirring, he glanced arounmd. The room was still quite dim, btut he could, after a minute, mnake out everything pretty well. And now he heard a raspiung, cutting sound from the side of the room most distant from him. He glanced in that direction, and, to hisr amazement, the wall seemed to be opening. lie lay perfectly still, and ir.t, a minute saw that it was mmerely a sort of false door that had been made to reveal itself. Through it emerged a human figure. SCaptain Clayton had had his dangerous ex periences, and lhe certainly was not a coward; I but he viewed the entrance of this apparition with unquestionable awe. It was no ghost. He knew intuitively that it was Dr. Miagnus, who, at this late hour was on a mission of no good. Peering under his eyelids and breathing regularly, as if in deep.sleep, tihe captain lay still. The intrudtler approached him steadily, somethling indescribably sinister in his feline step and shadowy form. Clayton began to divine his purpose-the doctor intended to strangle: him as lhe slept, and being a clever anatomist, would do the work quickly, and in such a way as to leave no trace. Next morning the visitor would be found dead in bed-a thing that often: happens-and an inquest would not be tlhought necessary. Strong, full-blooded men die of mysterious maladies of the heart etey day. The assassin was now at his bedside, and after, listening an instant, raised his thin, w:'hit? i: . t h, ' , t:,g..r,. and was 1 -t -Uh? -tyma s:it??,. uiiri4h. and sprang out of bed. ' You villain !' he cried. " You came here to murder me, and I've caught you just in time to save myself. The doctor fell back with a suppressed shriek, and drew a knife from his bosom. ' Yes,' he hissed, ' I will kill you ! Your hour has come.' ' No,' returned Clayton, with a laugh of disgust, "you will not kill me; but I will capture you just as you are and call the household, and tell the whule story of your crime. Come, surrender!' The captain was something of a giant be side his antagonist, small and weak, and could evidently overpower him with ease. The assassin saw that he was lost, and terrified beyond measure, began retreating, still holding the knife before him. The scene, in spite of its tragic features, had yet something almost ridiculous in it the tall captain in his voluminous night gar ments striding after his diminutivet foe, who kept baccing, as he imagined, to the door. But, as already stated,the room was nearly dark-it was barely possible to see. Dr. Magnus was not moving in the direction he supposed, but totvards the other side of the chamber, leaving himself absolutely no chance of escape. Notwithstanding his knife, Clayton had no fear of not being able to master him. At length the assassin was within just one foot of the wall, or rather of the window and his pursuer cried triumphantly : ' Now I have you!' Dr. Magnus retreated again hastily, stumbled over the window ledge, and with a despairing shriek went backward through the sashes and panes. The occurrence was so startling and unex pected that ('layton himself could scarcely tell how it happened. The long, narrow window was the only explanation. The murderer, not perceiving where he was had struck the short ledge, lost his. balance, and fallen headlong out. The captain looked down, endeavoring to. pierce the darkness, but could do nothing. He heard, however, a groan. H[astily dressing himself, he gave the alarm, and followed by the servants, led the way to the ground. Dr. Magnus was dis covered lying on his face, quite (lead. At the inquest the whole story came out,. and of course created an immense sensation. The opera-glasses were brought from towmn and shown. About the captain's narrative there could he no doubt, nor that, as he hant suspected, Dr. Magnus had deliberately oIur dered his nephew to obtain, his wealth< The beautiful Miss .Jennie Cameron was. almost overcome by these revelations. She was really the dead doctor's widow, Mrs Mag nus, i;y the secret marriage. After about a: year and a half she marrierd Captain. Clayton. 