Select Poetry- THE following poem by Oliver Wendell Holmes was read at the dedication of a memorial to Shakespeare at Stratford on Avon in September, 1887:— THE POEM. Welcome, thrice welcome is-4hy-sUvery gleam, Thou long-imprisoned stream 1 Welcome the licgle of thy cryebal beads As plashing raindrops to the-flowery meads, As summer's breath to Avon'e whispering reeds; From rock-walled channels, drowned in rayless sight, Leap forth to life and' light; Wake from the darkness of thy troubled dream, And greet with ans »eri ng*emile the morning's beam ! No purer Ij mph tbe white-to'mbed Naiad knows Than from thy chaHoe'iQotrs; Not the bright spring of Afric's sonny shores, Starry with spangles washed from golden ores, Nor glassy stieam Blandosia's 'fountain pours, Nor wave transluoent where Sabrina fair Braids her looseHfiowing hair, Nor tbe swift current, btaicless as it roEe Where chill Arveiroa steels from Alpine snows. Here shall the traveller stay his>weaty feet To seek thy calm retreat: Here at high coon the brown-armed reaper rest: Here, when the shadowy lengthening from the weBt, Call the mute song-bird to his' leafy nest, Matron and maid shall chat the cares away That brooded o'er the day. While flocking round them troops of children meet, And all the arches^ring with laughter sweet, Here shall I he steed, In-patient lite who spends In toil that nevt-r ends, Hot from his thirsty tramp o'er hill and plain. Plunge his red nostrils, while the -torturing rein Drops in loose loops beside•hiB<floating mane; Nor tbe poor brute that shares bis ^master's lot Finds his smell needs, fergot— Trnest of butnble, long-enduring friends, Whose presence cheers, -whose guardian care defends ! Here lark and thrush and nightingale shall sip, And skimming wallows dip, And strange shy wanderers fold their lustrous plumes Flagrant from bowers that lent theii-aweet perfumes Where Pfflatum'e rose or .Persia's lilac-bloomB; Here from his clouds the eagle stoops to drink At the full basin's brink, And whet bib beak against its.rounded lip, HiB glossy fexthers glistening as theydrip. Here Bhall the dreaming poet linger long, Far from his lietfcntQg.throng— Nor lute nor lyre his trembling hand shall bring ; Here no frail Muse fhall imp her crippled wing, No faltering miuetrel strain,bis .throat to sing! These hallowed echoes who shall dare to claim, Whi Be tunelesB troice would sham^, Whose jangling chords with jarring notes would wrong The nymphs that heasd the Swan of Avon's song f What visions greet tho pilgrim's rapturedeyes What ghosts made real rise! The dead return—they breathe—they live again, Joined by the host of Fancy'-s airy train. Freeh from the spring of Shakespeare's quickening brain! The stream that slakes tbe soul's diviner third Here found the sunbeams first: Bich wi.h his fame, not less shall memory ' prize The gracious gift that humbler .wants supplies. O'er the wide waters reached tbe hand that gave To all this bounteous wave, With health and strength and joyous beauty fraught; Blest be the generous pledge of friendship, brought From the far home of brother's lore, un bought! Long may fair Avon's fountain flow, enrolled With storied shrines of old, Csstalia's spring, Egenie's dewy cave, AndJ I Horeb's rock the God of Israel'i 's clave i Land of our Fathers, ocean makes us two. But heart to heart is true! Proud is your towering daughter in tbe West, Yet in her burning life-blood reign contest Her mother's pukes beating in her breast. This holy fount, whose rill* from heaven da , ficend, * lie gracious drops shall lend— Both foreheads bathed in that baptismal dew. And love make one the old home and the new 3 