flovlist. A Case of Mesmeric influence. 1.i ItT1it T l .ICet1l'/IE. \----~--? .?. Sue:v ycars ago, while sojouriling .?ti:le in Florence, I became greiatlyi -iresteCd in a lady whlsie couutetnaice S:u,:k uie as pteculiarly sad. , lot-'was :,:i'ul and wealthy, with a devotel i.-:t.i.it dati twro lovely children. rnd, :-,actty. had evcriythig Luto ai:ake her i. i'P ; runt vet at timeCs "hIr eves would in;::e .a str.tngely troubled look; as : i i 'i si5me sccret sorrow were weighlung . tir O ,ll. i I grew to k'no, her iuntutelyv, andone ..:y vnctureO to ask the meaningt (f this. 5::e said it was c:;sedl by the cveets of c hr early life, which, if I would care to :,,i1 t :em, shite wouid write for me. I a;iy cceptcd her otlfr, a:id ultho I was .:ar-i:, she handed me this manus?nripl. ; hais since died, and it caundo no harm :*, !*reeeat it to the public. Mly father was a very rich- man, audil Lis only child. My mother, dying when I was quite y.uun"!, left ime the sole :rimpa:ino;l ,t my father, whom I sored. 11..: was of a melaneholy, tiuti htful temperai.uut. ail had spouit Ic:i oIf is ?ie i? st:adyitii occult 'i tel-ney e of his mtiul had led hin to m2'.ae hit:u:" tr;n :i a. itai;lltances, and it waa "it''l the res-ent itoer-st I \e had tlrat.ti d :rtuchi t iih.; i intreils uo thiS study, but finally to.lk a Louse in London, w!:,se wte expcsted to remains s? i .sollle tilli. It was with tllu:h i:?~,:se ti.; :itticip at:d :t seasoun there, am::I my fi.the:" detirmine.l for my z ta t i e::ttai lar, ly. Our dinners :'. balls bicati?s fasmias lit aly young e::h: iune.pe'r.i:.ce.d eyos tile :iorld seemed ict a hug.: p:'yirotuud, and I could toit conceive ':f st :! thistg as trouble having entrance tl:re'. In the ni.tlinti : e e e,.tisuned otr -dvies. alid 1 bei.se: grettly iinterested .: ih abilit :t a certa:tin Sollatn to cause shat e ;lcled -splirit p!hotoir.:phj " to appnear tuplo? t: watil. fly curiosity wts •r.??tly eilted to discvser how this was ti??t:. I kites thi..re was somn- trick habout the a.tud thad little faith in the :;.trt the ".- iritis" to:k in their produe S3iaa. So fI i~ier and I lbg.t: experi ,uting, a ll inl a short time we had the i'.factioti if doing, by purely mortal uas"'s, cveryrtlhtig that the fair impostor did hr the aid of so-called spirits. I ittila dreaied then of the use to which 1 sihold be called upon to put this kniow :edge il One evening we' gave a grand l-rl r'?tsw, andl oor drawing-rooms was lilled ;nlth kings and queens, prasa:nt anld miikstids, shepherds and slhphe,!rdesces ::vl e?ery ci::srater ima:tgtilile. I stood .aide, watchi?, the ierry crowd, wheni I Siw alproia:hin_ rt,: a sombre tigure clad in a. black dotlttuo, i:nethilig about flirt struck ste as Ipeeuli ir a-id decidedly u'lplc:asant, anti it wras with a feeling of reluctance that I ;teel,tted his ievitation I.d .1ane,. VWhen I touchedl his hand, it s'as std and clammy, and a shudder .,et ttits.usg], ue whenevei r hle catie near. 5iy cujsyi :let for tihe eveuilg was 1spoiled by tis mysterious creature. lie foullowed me everywhere. 11o where I tau ,. 1 could see his wicked little eyes isleaOig at mIle, aind it was with a sigh of relief that I hailed the hour whe-t it was time to uniutask. It was then that I tsw Imy fatlher approaching, leading this unsts by the armn. Htse proceeded to introdie?U himt1 to le as 3Ir. Anthtony Black. From the eourtesy with which miiy fatcher treated Mr. Black I saw that lie evidently liked him very much. This :;erplexed tme, as I thought I had never, in all i my life, tiet any one so strangely repulsive, and it was with much dis pleasure that I heard my father urging intia to come often to see us. iHe was not slow in availing himself of this invitation, aid succeeding days saw him frequently at our houso, My fathelr' interest in thie mtai lay it the fact that lihe, ioo, was a student its hidden lore, and together they pursued this strange suc Black had not visited. us- many tines before I fancied I saw' a change in my father. lie g-re: silent and moody, and seemied to be wandering-in-the-clouds most of the tilnm.. As for toe, the anore I saw of our vititor the mioref I ?re to disli.e and distrust hissn, and a feeling of impending evil came over ile. One evening my father invited him to dine with us. Ah, that hour! I can never forget it. The man wore a cotn tinual smile, which seemed to hide somel-. thing terrible behind it, and his lit:le black eyes glittered. 1 tried to avoid looking at him, but was soon conscious of a strange fascinationl which kept my eyes fastened on himn. f felt as if I must obey him, and my father seemed equally fascinated; for lie hung on every word tile strange man uttered. That awfiul, awful dinner ! It makes nte shudder now when I think of it. At times I would make an almost Euper huinan effort to remove lny eyes fromis Black's fice, and then solne horrible power slowly drew them back. But at last the meal was ended, amnd I escaped to my room. Nanny, nly old nurse, was waiting for me there, and as I entered, she ex claimed: " Lair. Mliss Addie,whlat do matter wid you, chile ? You look as dough you doune seell a ghost." "Oh1, anny,"I? said, " llam suresonle thing dreadful is going to happen ! 1 feel it-I see it !" "Blrcs de chile!" said Nanny. "Nuffen dreliul can't happmen to yo' while olo Nanuny's around to take care ob you ! Dun' bodder yo' head 'bout dat no' mu', honey." " Nanny," said I, '" the next time that MIr. Black comes here, I want you to try and see him, and then tell me what you think of him." Nanlny's opportunity came soon. for in a couple of days tlhe man was there again, and she happened to let hims in.' She caule running upstairs, and burst in upon I see him ! I see hint ! Lor. Miss Addic, deidebbils in dat manit! What for ole inarse want to bring such a ting as d at heah i Sil 's I stla' htsah, Miss Addie, I tinki wl:en I see him dat de'osc bay conle to call." %lan,-'s opinion convinced 1me that there realldy ias something fearful about Ir. Black. A inameles terror took possession of ime, alld.though I tried to shake off the feeling, gloom pervaded crerything.- . Iite continued to come freqluently to. tile louse, and I wais ofteil, atimy father's request, conpelled to see him; but I ueverr did so witilhout feeling conscious that .1 was entirely subject to: his will. One day my father sent. for ite tou conmc. to the library. ' The -ulnuaons I used Id obey so gladly lilled lle with dread, and: I cltetred with fear 'and trembling. I noticed that he seemned troubled, and it struck 'ine forcibly hiow changed hie was. Hie louoked pale aid ts.gard, and had l.at, his old easy. guoed-nLatured address. tlie tried to avoid tloking at iic; and it swas in a shalrp, nervous man11 er that lie coin municated.'his "newis." ii'is desir friend," Mr. Lick; lihad made ml:soan; offer of marriage, which lie hoped 1 would 'comslider fivotably. , .. -1 looked at him, horritied;. Could it he pnssib!e that lhen would sacrimiiic'leme, his pet,' his idobl, to that odious eroa tire ? "U fathier, father " I cried. " W hit can you bn thin-ing - of ?:'Ara syou crazy ? What' is the matter siith ydi'.a What is the. matter, with us. il?. I Never! Never ' I screamed. I 1 will die irst !:' 1 ilshed from the room to my faithful old NNanny, and burnvinmg my head in her lap, cried as if my heart would breatk. I felt as if Nanmy was the only friend I had in tile -world n-. :r. "lIress my baby !" said she. "W\hatt dey been a loin' now to bring d gicf to liy 1pure chile I" "Oth, Nannly," said 1, "Iie wants to marry 1ie to him."' " Marry you to wnh", honey ?" "T'ro Mr. Itlack. U Nanlny, Naunny! I mwish I was dead !" ." What : marr--y ou to dat o?- ,::oss eyvel debbil? \Wcll, dey better nt? 4 t1i, NaSny pizien him, silu's s,' tli1n! Ou' jus' tell ole mase y:i won it do it, ain lhe 1wost' say nulil i. ..liIi! he mslt a clean gone los his senlec. -eber i:iii' dere litney now, ldoil cry no 1iie.'" I fully determinucl that if mr father intsisted on my m:nrryin-g lhlaick,I would rull away ; but iLe ilever imenitned the subject to ime agaiin. lie imllnt, however. h ire told tihe 11iman s:f my refusal, for the nest time I saw him lie apitcared to me I more evil, if possinil:, :h::u ever. Ilis ugly eyes gleanisld wickedly, ::id behind the Satanic grin which ie always woere hie s'emioid it sa:i, " 'II consiier youll." Hli terrible power oret n1 remaclined the samle, an; d I sooni became aware trhat I had hlst entire coltrol of may owni actions. In his presence I was impelled to do the straulgest things. I rail aroumlI the room, cllasing ilnaginary butterflies ; then I sang and danced, and jiunlped rcope, anld :rent oil doingu I.,t ridiculous things. Tile stransge part of it was that my mnind remlainled ,perfectly clear, anld I knewc everything I did, ialthough I had 1no plower to control myself. toe day, after amn exhibition of tl1is kind, I saw with terror mny father's startled face; llack's tiendish counten anee. Oh, how terrible it all was ! They consulted together, anid presently my father .dlled a servant, and before long a !liyaici m arrived. I had Le n II sitting quiet four somle time, but the irillute tltu doctor camie 1 again begami serranlitlg g:d jlmpisug. 'lihs doctor shook his head, and told.thenl I was hopelessly insane. The aSguish of my liilnd w-as intense. Why coul. 1 lst speak . What was it that held Ine diumb! Perhaps I could write. i starteid fr pencil ald ipaper, but sank back inll my cihair, unable to It seetmed but a few moments before 1 wits Isut ilnto ai coach with all tlhree 111men and drivenl oiff. 1 sass old Natnny sit rocking hierself back anid furthl, and moanu Iilng out, " M?I bressed darling I My bressed. dat'lintg ? Oh, let ime go wid msy chile I" I tried to call hier: blt my tongue was par.dyzed, and I could !.ot utter a soulid. Presently we stopped before a lhrge I;uilding, whlich we all entered, Mir. black asd ny father led' ins"10e in. We wer?e liltt by?a kind-luuooking old genltl 1ma1 who glanced pityingly at lse. Theoy Iheld a short lwhispered couvers.?tiuon, and then I heard himi say, '' Too bLad, too bad! And so younlg '" I saw my father preparing to leave without me! low 1 tried to beg himiin not to .o and leave me,; [ut I couhl not: 1Ie went slossly out of thle room, letIavrig? only Mhs Ilack, who thenh approaih'ed and hised in my car?-m ; . , :m 5 I"I, ha, i.a lady I:s this preferable to marryiig :mue "'; I watched him depart in silence, but the instant he vais out of. the room Iwas myself ag.nin. 'I 'started for- the- door, screaming, "Father, father ! Come back !" But I was seized by a couple of atten darits ;nd led forciblynvway. 1 heard shriek aftcr shriek ring tllrough the building, and awoke to the horribld realfiy that I was in a imadiihoiii;'aid was thougiht'to-be mad myself. No one call: know the agony of that momlent, for I felt how futile would be all my efforts to convince any one that I was sane. I was shorn of all my beautiful hair, of which I Tas so proid,' nd left to follow my own inclination. I made two or three uosuccessful attempts to coniince the phy siciains of my sanity, then give up the idea •s .useless.., . Isp u en t myi I iIiGi fo' sihiili I had sonicme talent, and before long had comlpleted a pirtrait of mly father. le called once or twic_'to see me, but always in company with'lBlack, who put me im Inediatdly under the spell that lasted till they were gone. Tius it was decided that their visits aggravated my case and I was debarred from seeing them anly more. - IMy only hol6p now ioristo escape. How closely I watched every opportunity! But weeks and mouths pissed away before: I could carry out my purpose. Theni one night, l heaird a cry:of fire. I sprang from my bed and hastily dressed, but not before 1 was nearly choked with smoke. Tihe guards wered rushing tlhrough the halls. wild wiith excitement, openiiig the dors. and begging tie 'pour mad cres inres to come forth; b it.many were so paralysed irit!i fright that tshey t ubbornly refused, and inumibers pCrished in the flames. I .unedeid io urging, but, scezing iiy fatllher's lortrait, ran through the open door, un-nolested. Every-place was upen.' Eveni the heavy gates :im tle yard formnedno barrier now, as the firemeia had torn thImii hswa , aid id I piiscd tlhrough uns 'noticed. ;: I iut till I was oiut of breath.b It then flashed dcrass lmi that iiivy :plierauce (for. .wass without hat-or cloak) in the stieets of Lboi oii at inidiigit'.irould at the very least excite suspicion.n IIstood still iund gazed 'abouit' me, iuzzled what to do or ;where to go: kiein 'tlihft I inus. act tquickly, as, if seen; I, ias iii great daiger 'of beiug arrcstiil.: . M3Iy brain was in. awhlirl. I itiagined I sa? pursuers on'every liad. Some dis-: tarice alhead of iu I ispied a chitrch". -Ah, thltre eas" an refuge ! ,1: would' llidd 'a hliditio lilaiee fth·e till iigiqring: I started silf agaiui runmuiuog till 1 realicted the church. doi. I'was conscious -of seeing. lights insidde. sonie. forms nu?inii, absout, andl mifter that 1 knew no lture, for I had fallen Solusistria?re.rs foand' iac there, aid' lihd nie coiveyed to a hosptit-l, a;nd.itl was about s: ioiiuntli iftitifhis:lis that I awoke to tind .-nseli iln liare, ro4,isii, ithi hn sick airusti"d. u.'s- ia n every aside: .iWhere wass Isiow . l\'Wulid.n iird ie-scr I ?oon leaiied tlhati liad'been very-ill iritllritint fevcrclThei exciitcmelilt a.iid sftrtilti ; loni ye?ieirtiv ssy-ten, t?iumsii by the evi-nts its? llest f?A'd soiitths;, hliacd Iceie tooniioieh f.ruin aiti I had s?ceuilihl ist:i list, t tin cailis wvsi now past, and I was-reeoveri ?.,, . . As I lay there look'ing arounid, it Leetai-ly scinemL a inovel itu- tiii- for mine· AddieiStalley,:tihe chid ,l of.the silt lioaire, to be a cliarit patient 'in a city, hospital. - .... .. : . 1p cuitinued to iinprove rapidly; id, soas ion aible ti'thi..k about leii'ing. I had witihheld y na-ine fruiii . the' hospital authirities ,-hut proluis d to reward them largely for the.r kind care of ime during iny illness. They kindly furnishicd Im . with. outside. ;pp-arel aind lne moneiy, and ithein 1 started outioni:e I isimediatel}" call'd a cal,, and giving the driver nimiJdfli?isa:iddrese was soon on myi homleward-way. - lThen I be a;nl to ;wonder Wlhat he would say when hce'siwv mie, and the horrible thoughlt crossed my iiiind that h- Imight send me back to the asylumll. I wodiledred if lilack visited the house still, ai:d if old ?annvy soiuld be there to receive mIn' altd hear her call me hier "bressed chile" once more 1 I was so lost in thoughts like these that I started.in surprise when I fourid we haild stopped. "Hi guess this 'cre 'ithe ihouse,' inul," said the driver, juinliilg dowsi.i - 1 bounded out of thie ab aiud ill. the steps :sod rang the blill.. o niisicer. 1 rangI againi and again, but failed to bring aiy response: iThen 1 i noticed tllhat the lhs-oue was closed, and a general tir of ine gleet ung about tlhe place. " What shall I do i \WhatV shall I do?" I cried, wringing my lihands. I looked uprand down the streeti in tie I hope of seeing some one I k1now, but all were strangers, and I. stood thlire alone in the world. Suddenly a brilghloulht thgh ln tLo.mie. I would go tio-ly! father's 'l:ii'er. lie' could : tell hid the ii ieaniing of all this. -. When I readied his office, Mr. Coltbn wa at hlis desk. Ilt started ulp when lie saw me, and his face .grew deadlylpale. I knev fromi hise iaulier,thait I:must pre stare ihyself for bad news. We were ioth of us-so agitated that forit while neither spoke a word. Then I trenmbliigly bcgd hit to tell iue of mnyfater. :. "'Iy poiodiirl,' lie said at .Inst,. hlie died very- suddenly about a lionilh igo ; h;s death wis caused by tie 'shloclic of heariug that you had been burned to death in the 'asylum ufire-- so it was s;i. at the tiine. -His lmoney and everytliiii, of value sias left to-Mr.IBlack._ Thier Ihas evidently been scliue asivful illhitiik for whicth. I calnnot ?acculoiut '-W? had tie '3isyluti grolind ': tlioh0ighl; searched, but ynu could not be found,-so iwe i:oncludedyou'liad perished.-. .aohn; " told him of ms, escape and laly. ill- n8es aft?erward, also that I had :neivei been insane;.but had beeii led to appear so through tlie awful iilfieneo of IlacSk. a-ud nlow-wI-tos left pennless and tliat driadfuliimaii llad lnynioney The more I thought ofiat, the more straugeit ,celiied that?mi- fattier shotl d have left his tealth toi anu. eitire stranger, and hsony frimi"lhis-6own brotlhlsr-is d sisters. Tlhis,:togitltiir- witll his sudden Sdeantll iiiroubed injs 25dici~s'p of somue thitiiwrong. ".c ,? Suppose that black ha4 uaed hbis forced, honi toti nakedhis wvillait1 ilt ihe'n murlered lii i? It was a feioful th?olioif butit-mlght-bo true, aind if ii~e itiiine luiO ju~di~r~er [ mentiined nly. susiicidn Ito MIr. Colton, and lie soon- becaiie as deeply impressed with the idea of foul play as i was myself. .Weu weut inunedia:tely to work to decide upon a way by which we might entrap the murderer and recover the fortune that- rightfully belunged,to mn. -While ie were coinside'in!t the matter..3fr Clton kindly entertinied C me at lis house. . At length I lit up.n aplan. I remen bored ho.. super titious -Blck was, andi determined to frighten him into a con fessionl Si It was now that my ability to cast h spirit" photographs . upia the wall e would bhe of use. I would procure the i services of a famous ventriloijuist, aiid, with the lawyer. we. wsoilld proceed to c Blaek's house, anld by these nianifesta tions, force hint to confess his guilt. . I disclosed my plan to Mr. Colton, who agreedwiilugly to it. We went quickly e to work, and soon had our arrangements completed entirely to our satisfaction. I: o was thankful that 1- had saved the por- t trait I painted of my father, for I needed c it to carry out my plans. i The dasy finally arrived when we were to perform this terrible duty. . My. heart sank at the thought of seeing ,Black again as we approached the house, I was obligdd to brinug all miy will power -to bear in order to prevent turoing back at I the last moment. Mr. Coltn observed t my nervousness, and- whispering a few i iencouraging words, lie rang the bell. Ai withered old woman came to theis door; she eyed us suspiciously when we inquired for Mr. Black; She showed us t into a side room which was vei'y dark, a fact which pleased mi, as it was much better suited to my purpose than a light ' Graiduially, asi iy cyes became laccus tomled to the darkness,, and I could . discern .different objects in thie roaii, I saw several articles of furniture ih'itt had .belonged to my falther. This.aroused iay anger, and hellpedd to maikemly t.iask ilre 1 easy. lFortune farvored' us? fir Black wais so lorig in makinghlis appcura-ee that-i hiad pIlentl of tiime to lirepare everything very satisfactorily. I thel hid myself i.ehind a large screenu, so that' wll ie e cntered the roomi he did nltse? me .. lie bowed graciuisly, itd,iik"thhis liishii"idii'/ f ,1I to .r. Co!tl:ton, wlho prouceedIedr i,~mue-f t diately to business.. "Mr. Black," said -lie, " have been retained as coisel :by a relative .c:t:Mre : St:inley's to iueostigito the ciui;e of :lis: deitlh. rThere, is a stron ruj oinsidoti'! ff; foul play,' a'ld ais oyui' have b'eup tie only one benefitted biy hi decease, the sus piciol of murder na:tu y ra lly s :,n youu. i asl you nowi, in the iuaiu of thle law, to refute thls c!large, aiiidu.to jurue that tt'e i ai i o nl se nsituil . - I Black faiily ti:cuibled -:tihl ii? lie' spring to his feet,, slhuweri(ng ur-s iilaoi 1 the clwyerani d his. retaiiera. ? S iTou lie !it I:say. yo lie !: l ie 'elledl: out -like a hdemon. I 'rv:, your.vt ilu assertioni ! tl'?sve; it, .I : san- -or -;?-athe eruiJ. you lshall iler if re tiii t ur dered hintdi -l-Id- I 'rle itl-i . -- li.: ckli ieso dit:a idt i.trrento f:ab~se, t Ieads of prrcsliiuteiti:a:d : t ith oaths.-i r 1 ` otCo ,ee'tne';, i ,, - ,JiltSZ sii'dlTailfii sudareily pl il'Il s llrlF i~hlp;u'ld mt atiier's featiures. AI I 'cvd:reiw brighter iIand 1l.liir, till iidaliy" liicis-whl" ligure seetiaiid to saiud iut- iu bold relie.f's :. - Ie uk's eys dihated' ii terrSr-' (:reait beads of perspiii=.itistvutoihuitiii pon his turelhe:mili ilit . .ii ' his, naiiil ii his' ilsh till the blood kiutined. foitlli. Then,.in a sulenil, sepulc!lrIl voice theo '" slirit" "Mercy !" panted lslack. :"ti]ee !" I will tell all :" " Conifess !" a_,ain uitlered tiiie voice. " Nt:na sounltd tals heard savl e lh.pus-t ing and nio.uli:.g f tie terrilied man as l he :icluhed ullpol the floor.. -. .': Conifes !" . llaoei rolled 'ser oli his fa;ce, as if. to sili out the vis'ol.. "Alii, yes?!" h: grauandi, i s "?'killed him : I hpl1d to :tin - control ot? his money b" ii a:ryig his d-aiglite:r, but shel:refused nim. Yes, slle reftised mie but I had itly revei;ge...l Il madecher act like a lunatic. It \\\was.,y icim er. slio Sco:ild nut withiItaindi. it woas trthi'gi ins she was locked up in. ai.:lsudhiuse. Thiat was siweet-revcnge, but it was' iot all, for -it the dead iof night I set lire to.the O5mahliousi and burned her up." HIere lie broke into a lparoxysti: of swild laugh!er. . Evidentiy terror .wan turnilng his brainu. S"Then," lie begaiL :lgatln, " Iles nmerised old .Stanley, ital foreid hiit to mrake his will in Inly favor. Wlhen' that was done [ poisonid hi-=-and no 110 e's there to tell you of it i" lie cried, spring ing.up and shaking his list at the visou. Jeist here I stepped out froini mny hid iui' place. lie turned and saw lte. : o"-Yuu, too l" ie shrieked in auguish. I 'ou, too, coiie ba:k to accuse the1 M.er'I. ' a I li !- No tmulnercy for fie!" .. Suddenly his face turned purple ; he covered it wit li hs luts, g:pe)d for breath and fell bacik, deadil I The guilty wretch had actu:lly died with ilflight. Thus elided the eventful turtioli of ttiy a life's history Through the kindly" Selorts of Mr. Colton, tile l!?ill by whlich Black h:Il obtailned possessiiii sl f iimy falthier's fortu:?n was dcal:tred illegal, anud I Ivas iproved his atires-. , . C Grt pIbllcity was gires it the cas, thlrough the daily palilers, -and 0o1e day iwho should. comie lhobbliug inltu Mr. Coltot's ol-ice but old Naiiuy), and I heard l her saying ." Whar diit bressed chile t'" SSoia ofter we went tb Itah'to joiu somle f of tliy mutlier's relatives.' I never sant , to see LtJndon igaiu. • " 