IT is a good tiling to have the strike of the Newcastle coal miners settled at any price. It is a better thing to have a settlement which has been arrived at after cool and amicable dis cussion, a settlement which promises, as between employers and employed, to minimise the occasions for dispute, and to furnish a prompt and equitable method of determining such differences as may hereafter arise. Into the history of the strike there is no need to go. There were misunderstandings on each side, and unacknowledged sources of passive hostility, and gene rally the atmosphere, as between the miners and mineowners, iiad become so highly charged with disturbing forces that it could be cleared up by only a storm. The clearance thus effected enabled both sides to see what they were before unable or unwilling to perceive, that the actual matters in dispute were wholly unworthy to form the basis of a bitter and protracted quarrel. It gradually became appa rent that the trouble arose, not out of previous wrongs requiring redress, not out of any radical inequity in the terms on which work was done by the one side and paid for by the other, but simply because the regulations which control the amount of pay, were gene rally not sufficiently explicit, and in some cases were hardly fair. This lack of definiteness produced on either side a suspicion that encroachment upon equitable rights was possible and per haps intended on the part of the other. Each side was, at the outset, unyield ing, not to say defiant, and so it came about that a strike, however much to be regretted, was under the circumstances unavoidable. The pur port of the . agreement arrived at by the masters’ and miners’ delegates has been already published in 7 he Star. Most of it refers to coal mining technicalities which are un-; familiar to the general public. There is no need to entangle ourselves with; these. What interests us more is the 1 nature and extent of the grievances! which underlaid a disagreement so un-; promising; and then whether the pro visionary settlement reduces the, grievances, without impeaching the; rights of either party. The grievances,’ as we have already stated, look small enough when examined in a reasonable, spirit, although they appeared insur mountable when lit up with the electric glare of excited feeling. There is what is called a standard hewing rate,' and a standard seam, which means'! that more or less is paid for cutting’ coal_ according as the width of the ! seam is less or greater than the stan- 1 dard measurement. In other words there is a sliding scale of pay, which is supposed to allow the miner to make about equal wages in either favorable or unfavorable ground. This standard hewing rate and standard seam remain practically where _they were before,; there being no serious objection to either. The remaining points of dis pute were the .rate to be paid for separating refuse from- the clean coal,, and that for filling small coal. In either case it was a matter of fractions! which would not. seriously disturb the weekly earnings of the miner, and it is therefore not surprising that when the’ difference was faced with a real dis-i position to reduce it, a 1 settlement, w£is easy. The matter, of greatest im-, portance, and which required the most thoughtful and impartial considera-; tion was that of agreeing to some; form of arbitration for the, settlement; of difficulties which. might arise here-' after. This has been arranged by the general agreement, which provides,! among other* things, that all .disputes' hereafter arising between miueowners : and miners shall be submitted to:a; referee, to be appointed by''the chief judge in equity. This referee is to be salaried to an amount not exceeding; 40 guineas for each day’s sitting of liis; court. He will be empowered to: appoint time and place of hearing, to demand the production of such oral or! documentary . evidence as he may re-: | quire. Each party to the issue is allowed to nominate, an.assessor, not to take, part in, or have any power to, in* terfere in any respect with the'busi ness or procedure of the court, but to act as advisers to the referee if he- see fit to appeal to them for technical in formation. In all cases the salary of the referee will be contributed: equally and jointly by miners and mineowners, eacli party to a case will have to pay the incidental costs. The main agree ; ment is to be terminable on either side, in the event of infraction of its condi tions by 1 i days notice on either side, but otherwise will remain in force from year to year, unless notice be given on or before the end of September to terminate it at the end of the current year. On the whole the agreement seems likely to answer the much desired purpose of preventing discontent and disaffection arising out of contrary interpretations of the rules or customs of coal mining. Such an understanding will have valuable results hereafter, and may have been purchased not too dearly at the cost of many weeks’ idleness and loss of wages on the part of the miners, loss of business to the mineowners, a serious dislocation of the ordinary commerce of Newcastle, and a more or less marked depreciation of the commercial position of the Newcastle mines. The price is a heavy one, and must be con tributed to by both parties to the strike, as well as by many non-com batants. But the lesson taught by the whole affair ought to be practical and enduring. This afternoon the Assembly is to consider the report of its own pro ceedings in committee with the Re distribution Bill. The modifications made in committee may challenge criticism when more deliberately ex amined, and it is possible that some of the altered schedules will be re- com mitted. By consenting, as they did, to the addition of yet another member to a House already, under the pro visions of the bill, too large, the Government may have secured the passing of the bill through committee, and have done some thing to placate the constituencies affected by the addition, but they at the same time laid themselves open to a charge of having needlessly aban doned their expressed intentions in a direction peculiarly uncalled for and thoroughly distasteful to the thinking electors of Victoria. Mr Gillies, in declaring that a reduction of the numerical strength of the House is im possible, simply confessed that the Assembly is not a competent nor an impartial body to deal with ques tions of electoral re-adjustment or re form. From beginning to end it has been unmistakably shown that the bill was regarded chiefly if not wholly as it affected the personal interests of hon. members. Scarcely a pretence was made of discussing the schedules in the interest of the colony as a whole, and the result is that we are to add nine more units to a chamber which has distinctly shown us that it surrenders neither pay nor power once committed to it, and will now be stronger and probably more selfish than ever before. The wish of the country is that, such as it is, the Redistribution Bill shall pass, and the wish is the expression of a choice between two evils. The bill increases the numbers of paid legis lators, which is a bad thing, and the aggregate power of the Lower Chamber, which is a worse, but it may be better to have some approach to equal repre sentation at even so serious a cost. The fact is that any future Assembly, as %vell as the present one, will neces sarily take re-adjustment to mean an increase of the.number of members. We cannot help ourselves in this until the abuse grows too intolerable to be borne, and then we shall have a political dies ira and a reversion to healthier political conditions. It is a humiliating confes sion, but it is the truth, and the truth in this matter had better be told. What the House will do with the bill to-night baffles conjecture. The Oppo sition attitude lately reminds one of some intermittent geysers which have periods of quiescence, suddenly broken by roaring discharges of hot water and mud. It is, however, a pretty safe prediction that the last and most glaring anomaly, that of giving an extra number to Maldon—will be allowed to stand. We do not know' of any reason why Castlemaine and Maldon are entitled to three members any more than Ballarat East is to two, or Geelong—with slight modifications of boundary—to three. And when the demands of both these electorates were imperiously refused it is something more than an injustice to them to grant similar requests coming from elsewhere. The Government will find it difficult to convince their friends that they have not, in this matter, weakly trifled with their avowed prin ciples, with the Assembly, and with the country at large. The probationing of first offenders is ■ so interesting, as a social experiment, and promises if successful to yield such; a variety of excellent results, that in formation as to the practical working of. the system is always welcome. A; paragraph in yesterday’s Star gives the: outline of results in New Zealand, and;, it must be. recognised that,, so far,: these results are highly satisfactory.: Out of 121 persons placed on probation: from Ist October, 1886, to 31st ISlarch, j 1888, or a period of a year and a half,; 58 had been, discharged from surveil-j lence on completion of their respective I terms, 53 were still on probation, nine: had been re-arrested fof failing to report themselves, and one had' absconded. Grouping the results, we find out of the total of 121, nearly one-half had resumed, their previous position in society after having given by their conduct during. probation a tolerably' good guarantee that they were both able and will ing to resist temptation to go astray. Of the 53 ■ still on 'probation no, estimate can be fairly made, but it is reasonable to suppose that the. bulk of them will succeed in escaping: the damaging imprint of the prison. Of the remaining 10 only one-is re ported as an absconder, the Other nine, being charged only with omitting 1 to; report themselves. But if only 10 or, even only 20 out--of 100 offenders! prove to be unamenable co kindly treat-! ment, the gain tosociety by the reform; of the remaining ,80 is in . every.pyay I large. Records go to prove that the) chances are heavily against the future: good behaviour, of the man who has; been once in gaol. Of the 121 offenders! in question the probability is that the; serving of ordinary sentences would) have made at least 100 of- themj habitual and hardened criraiuals. The! !■ o'Minary patKs hardly in figuijes, audjfthis 'guite apart from the mere pecuniary saying of ".the (expense of- keeping ; them '-in j 'gaol.vjir general, Adoptioifiof th'e;-pro j bation system would enable a large re j duction to be made in prison establish-, raentseven. if, as -might ' reasonably be done,'increased lenity to first'offenders, were accompanied by a large increase of severity..to habitual criminals. The bonus of £4OOO to the Ballarat Woollen Mill was passed by the Legislative Assembly last night. ' Doubtless the "news I will be received with pleasure by share- I holders and by all residents of Ballarat in ’ terested in local industry. At a combined meeting of the Moulders’ Societies in .Ballarat, held at the Trades Hall last night, Mr J. Martin in the chair, Mr H. Bradbury was unanimously selected and nominated as the labor candidate for Ballarat West. At about 11 o’clock.last night a fire broke out in a five-roomed cottage near the old Cemetery, owned by Mr Nutsford. There was no watchman on duty at the City station, and the man engaged at the East did not observe the lire, doubtless, owing to intervening trees and build ings. Intimation was first given of the fire by the ringing of the alarm at Bade’s shop, in Sturt street, and the two brigades turned out very promptly afterwards. By this time, however, the place was completely destroyed. How the fire originated is not known, and it could not be ascertained last night whether the house was insured or not. On Sunday next (Hospital Sunday) the annual collection for the Ballarat charities will be made in St. Patrick’s Cathedral and St. Alipiusat all the masses and at vespers. The bishop will celebrate Potifical High Mass at the Cathedral and give the Papal benediction. Father Re fie, of the Order of the Holy Ghost will preach at the 11 o’clock mass at the Cathedral. The Honorable and Rev. W. Plunkett will be the preacher at vespers. An advertisement relative to the above will appear in The Star on Saturday next. Shortly before 1 o’clock yesterday-after noon a fire broke out in a cottage in Lyons street south, near Urquhart street, occupied by a widow named Sirs Shanahan. It was some time before the alarm was given, so that when the City Brigade, which was first on the scene, put in an appearance, the building was almost totally consumed. The firemen were very prompt in responding to the bell, and had this been rung earlier they might have prevented the adjoining cottage —occupied by Mrs Power, also a widow— from catching fire. As it was this building was in flames when the brigadiers arrived, but by their great exertions they, in com pany with the members of the Eastern Bri gade, managed to save the shell of the second house. Mrs Power was more fortuuate than her neighbor, as Mrs Shanahan lost every thing, while Constable M’Ginley and three youug men, whose names we were unable to learn, canied out the whole of Mrs Power’s furniture. Both buildings were old, and were owned by Messrs Perkins and O’Brien respectively. \Ve did not hear whether there was any insurance effected on the build ings. Several prominent Sydney residents paid a visit to Ballarat yesterday. The party— which included Mr Wood, ex-mayor of Sydney; Mr Jamieson, a leading merchant; aud Mr Dean, who is on a wedding tour— were the guests of Mr 0. E. Edwards, J.P., who, having eutertained them, escorted them round the city and town. The lake aud gardens, Band and Albion, aud Star of the East mines, and the city and town halls were inspected, and the visitors expressed themselves as highly pleased with all they saw. The party left for Melbourne by the 7.10 p.m. train, greatly impressed with the beauty and prosperity of Ballarat, and with the warm hearted hospitality of Mr Ed wards. The vacancy in the assistant clerkship of the City Council has been filled by the ap pointment of Mr Duthie, who wa3 formerly a clerk in Messrs D. Cooke and Co’s, office. Mr Duthie is giving thorough aatisfactiou iu the discharge of his new duties. I It is reported that Mr Donald S. Wallace of Ballark, the owner of the winning horse in the Melbourne Cup, carried away £31,000, and the rider (Mick O’Brien) £5000. A large number of Ballarat residents who had been to see the Melbourne Cup returned yesterday. In consequence of the extra traffic, the 8.25 p.m. train was about 25 minutes late, and the 10.25 train about 35 minutes. The latter was so crowdsd that an extra engine had to be put on at Geelong. JJThe following accident cases were treated yesterday at the Hospital:—William Chis holm, a boy whose parents reside in Barkly street, suffering from a bruised eye and a wouud on the head, the result of a fall from a tree. Mary Hall, a young girl whose parents live iu Burnbnuk street, suffering from a lacerated wound of the hand, caused by falling on a nail. John Davies, a resi dent at Waterholes (Cherrytree Flat), with an incised wouud of the hand, caused by a lemonade bottle bursting. The New South Wales bowling team, of 16 players, have arranged to visit our city on Saturday next, arriving by the morning train. They will be received by the Central Bowling Club, who, after showing them some of the sights of the city will entertain them at lunch on the bowling green, and subsequently commence play at about 3 o’clock. This will prove a vei-y interesting match, and if the weather be favorable the' green will no doubt be visited by numerous representatives of the various clubs. Accom-; modation will also be provided for the lady frieuds of bowlers who may honor thematch with their presence. There are several rumours of winnings in' Ballarat over the Melbourne Cup, but; generally backers iu this city have not been; very fortunate. Iu . the large totalisator Carlyon was the favorite, with 247 crosses against his name,while Mentor, the winner, had 116. The dividend Was 33s 6d. Alto gether the proprietor of the sweep was en trusted with 1790 half-crown?. Of course: this does not represent a like number. of backers, since many would back a horse! several times over, or back more than one; animal. Mr James Noonan and Mr ; G.: . Lovitt divide third money in Irwin’s sweep, having drawn The Yeoman. We have been requested to direct atten tion to the fact that entries for the Smeaton; Show, which takes place next week, must be' with the secretary (Mr J. J. Smith), at Cres- ‘ wick, not later than 6 p.m. to-day. ! At St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill, yes-i terday, Mr W. J. Dawson, eldest son of Mr; Win. Dawson, ironmonger, of Sturt street,! was married to Miss Amy Seeley, second daughter of Mr Wm. Seeley, of Ballarat, by the Rev. R. A. Whyte. The. bride was accompanied by Miss Gardiner, of Melbourne, and- the Misses Laura and Ger trude Dawson, while Mr F. C. Dawson ac companied the bridegroom. The bride was very prettily attired in cream liberty silk, and the bridesmaids in white liberty silk with veils to match. After the ceremony the company sat down to breakfast at Mr Seeley’s residence, Soldier’s Hill, when about 40 were present, after which Mr and Mrs Dawson took the afternoon train for Gee long. ■The monthly meeting of the' Ballarat Public Library committee was held on Tues day last. Present —The president,*' Mr iVlolloy (iu the chair),: and Messrs Roseu blum, Roff, Elsworth, Lakeland, M’Kee, and Glenn. * After the correspondence had been read andtheacconnts passed, the presi dent reported' that the promised lecture by the Hon. John Nimmo, A Niclit wi’ Burns,” was delivered last Friday night to a very appreciative audience; that Miss Shoppee very kindly gave two exceileut re citations on the' occasion: that Mr John Murray, president of the City Free- Library, and other gentlemen had rendered' most valuable aid in securing a good'attendance, and that the head teachers of Ballarat, had. materially assisted by aiding in the circula tion of handbills -arid taking charge of sale of tickets.' ‘ A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the lion, gentleman for his practical sym pathy iu the welfare-of. the library; ‘also to Miss 1 Shoppee, ' the 'president of the City : Free Library, and . all other friends who had helped to make the lecture a success. ' An elderly mau named Richard: H. Budd, aged 6S years, met with a. fatal. acciden k on Tuesday night at Brown Hill. The deceased, who was in the employ of ; Mr O’Neil, wood carter, had "just'returned home, and was un yoking his horses from the dray: when one ; of the animals became restive, and plunging! forward, run the point of one of the shafts! I agaiust Budd’s head, immediately behiudl thej’ear. Hefell prostrate jib;the ground, -giving several moans expired. Thepoint of the shaftbore of 5 blood i andhair. Mrs O’Neilvheard.the moans-of: the-unfortunate but oh’proceedirigto render assistance he wasdeadi - At a magi a -tcriar'eriqtiiry the Ruding/was one of- acci dental death'.' "' 'V There was a blank charge-sheet at the City Police Court yesterday. Our Clunes correspondent, writing yester-. day,-says:— ‘The annual show in connection with-the- Clunes-and Talbot" Agricultural' Society, which .takes place at Clunes 'on Friday next, promises to be a ertuid success. All arrangements are now nearly complete, and are of a most finished character. The sheep dog' competition will commeuce to morrow (Thursday), at noon, in Mr T. King’s paddock, about quarter of a mile from the ■railway station, and the valuable prizes offered have attracted the large number ‘of 16 entries, and as each dog is allowed 20 minutes to box the sheep, the competition will occupy the whole afternoon. Consider able interest is being manifested in the trial, as most of the dogs are known to be first class workers.” 1 Our Linton correspondent writing last evening says:—“At the Roman Catholic Church to-day. Miss Charlotte Menzie, third daughter of Mr Charles Menzie, a highly re spected resident of Skipton, was married to Mr James Stoddart, second son of the host of the Skipton hotel. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Father Devaue, of Smythesdale. Misses Ellen Menzie, Amy Stoddart, aud Maggie Menzie were the bridesmaids, and Mr T. Costelloe was best man. The bride was very tastefully attired in a cream colored nun’s veiling dress, trimmed with white lace; she also wore a veil with orange blossoms. Miss Ellen Menzie wore a becoming costume of canary colored Indian muslin. After the ceremony the young couple, who were greeted with the nsual omens of good luck, drove off to Mr Menzie’s residence, where a large com pany of friends sat down to a sumptuous and recherche breakfast. Mr Stoddart, father of the bridegroom, gave a dinner and dance in the Mechanics’ Institute in the evening, and all the young peopleof Skipton were.invited. Flags were Hying here aud in Skipton in honor of the event.” The Bishop of Manchester (Dr Moorhouse) has been presented 'with a pastoral staff, which has been subscribed for by the clergy aud laity of the diocese. It is formed of a shaft of ivory, relieved by mounts of silver, ajul decorated with precious stones. Two men named respectively Smith and Zirkler have had a narrow escape of drown ing at Kerang. In company with the punt man they were crossing the Little Murray at Fish Point with a portable engine and two bullocks. When half-way across the punt sprang a leak, and sank in a few minuteß, the engine and bullocks also going down. The animals were drowned, and the men in charge narrowly escaped with their lives. A singular misfortune has happened to Mr A. Fitzgerald, of Quambatook. It appears (says the Standard) that he purchased a pair of piebald ponies at the Boort sale on Friday last, and on Sunday, previous to driving them down to the tank for water, he put the harness on them to drive them to the tank, but they suddenly bolted, and ran towards a tree on the track, each pony taking the oppo site side of the tree, with the result that they both broke their necks, aud died imme diately. The loss is a severe one to Mr Fitzgerald, who only had them for a couple of days. The long-expected moisture has fallen, but not in any sufficient quantity (says the Horsham Times ) to allay the fears of drought which are now very much being ex perienced over the district. Our Dimboola correspondent' wired:—Spleudid change in the weather; steady rain has fallen during the greater part of the day. Onr Dooen correspondent reports:—Crops in this locality are in a bad way owing to the continued drought, aud at present it does not look as.if many -of them will be harvested. Grass is also getting scarce. Last year at* this time advocates of irrigation had rather a bad time of it; but just now the anti-irrigationists have been squelched or have dried up, and no doubt begin to think there is something in it after all, if it does require a little out lay at first beyond the water rate. A Sydney telegram published in the Argus says:—“ The land revenue for October was £715,741 beiug an increase of £SG,SSS, com pared with October last year. The principal increases were—Customs, £6,300; stamps, £11,400; railways, £41,800; land reveuue, £10,300; post and telegraphs, £B7OO. —A goods traiH ran into an engine while it was standing at the Singleton station on Monday night. The driver and stoker of the goods engine both jumped off, and escaped unhurt, Both engines were badly damaged.—The Minister of Justice has ordered the release of the Salvation Army officers who were imprisoned for infringing the by-law at Wollongong prohibiting musical processions in the streets, upon the assurance that the processions shall cease until the validity of the by law has been tested. An old resident of Fryerstown named John Kennedy, aged 55, has committed suicide by hanging. He leaves a widow and several children, all provided for. A serious charge (says the Horsham Times) has been sworn against a man named Michael Donovan, alias Dennehy, which will be enquired into by Mr Hutchinson, P.M., on Thursday. The information has been laid by Mrs Mary Jane Ferry, who alleges that while her husband was absent from his home on Sunday night, Donovan came to the house riding with a message from Mr Ferry. He put his horse -up aud followed Mrs Ferry into the house, where he asked for a drink of water. While engaged in giving him this, she asserts that he attempted to commit a rape upon her. The man was arrested on the warrant on Monday. 