NEW ZEALAND. FROM OCH OWN COBRESroXUBXT. J WELLINGTON, 14th June. Tho political atmosphcro is filled with all sorts of rnmors as to tbe outcome of the debate which is to commence to-morrow on the financial proposals of tho Government. The protectionists aro exceedingly jubilant, and they will support tho Government in order to counter check tbe movement of several of the free-trade members of Sir Harry Atkinson's party, who thought they would place the Premier iu a hole by withdrawing tbeir support But the Opposition havo rallied to bis assist ance, determined to forget old political differ ences until after tbc protective tariff has been adopted nt ' all ovents. This accomplished, parties will mould themselves into their old shape, for present doscrters will then return to the Atkinsonian camp, to prevent a still mare protectionist Ministry coming in. The Oppo sition is still without any recognised leader, and no one will be appointed nntil after the tariff has been got safely out of tho way. The second reading has been carried of tho financial proposals of tho Government, which are now at the committee stage in the Houso of Repre sentatives. We are going in for a good deal of what may be termed domestic legislation this session, nnd (be hearts of shop assistants have been glad dened by the prospects of tho bill which Mr. Joyce has introduced for the compulsory closing of shops at 6 p.m. From all, the large centres of population petitions in favor of its provisions have poured in, and it is a gratifying sign that shopkeepers themselves are for the most part favorable to the movement. There will, of course, be a good deal of opposition from the proprietors of the smaller establish ments ; but tbeir efforts will be futile against tbo strong feeling which has grown np amongst tbo public tbat tbe working hours of shop assistants, male and female, should be curtailed. Sir-George- Grey has bad his annual fliug iipon a very unsavory subject. There is upon otir' statuto book a' contagious diseases act, which, being an optional kind of enact ment, has only been brought into partial operation.. The city council of Christchurch have bad it in force for several years past, and doctors and police are unanimous as to the beneficial results of its operation. In Auckland tbe act was also in forco for some time, but was eventually discoutiuucd iu a fit of senti- mcntalism, notwithstanding tho fact that the strongest testimony was forthcoming in its favor. Sir George Grey has renewed bis efforts this session to get the act reuealcd, but liis bill was thrown oat by an overwhelming majority, and most of U1030 who spoke against his repealing the measure expressed an opinion that the act shonld be made compulsory instead of the power being placed in tho hands of muuicipal bodies to briag it into operation or not, just as they thought lit The Government have introduced what is called a fair-reut bill, and nnder its provisions a commission is to sit every tbreo years for tbe purpose of detcr- tniuiug what should be tbe reuts paid by ' tenants of tho Crown, tho amount to bo tletermiued in accord ance with the ruling prices for pro (luce, and the returns which tho land is capable of giving. An attempt will bo made in committee to havo the bill so amended as to apply to all leaseholds entered into between private landlords and their tenants. Another attempt is being made this session to widen the doors of the divorce court. Mr. Samuel, a barrister member from Tttranuki, hits brought' in a bill witli. that object ; aud as most oi -the objectionable provisions contained in last year's bill have been eliminated from tho prosout measure, there is a likelihood that it will find its way to tho statute book. As the New Zealand law now stands, men nnd women aro not npon an equality so far as tho causes for obtaining a dissolution of the mar riage tie are concerned, for, in tlio case of a man,: adultery on tho part of a wifo is sufficient in itself ; whereas in the case of a woman she has not only to' prove adultery, but cruelty and desertiou besides. This unjust aud auomalous state of the law Air. Samuel proposes to alter by enabling any married person to present a petition praying that his or her marriage with the respondent may be dissolved ou any one or more of the following grounds : — (1) that the respondent has, since the celebration of the marriage, beon guilty of adultery ; (2) that the respondeat has, since tbe celebration of the marriage, been couvicted of an attempt to mnrder tho petitioner — this evidently to meet sach cases as the Hall poisoning caso ; (3) that the respondent has, within the colony oi New Zealand, without just caaso or excuse, wilfully deserted tlio petitioner, and left the pelitioaer so deserted during seven years continuously pre viously to tbe presentation of tho petition ; (4) that the respondent is, and for not less than one year before tho presentation of the petition has been, imprisoned fur some crime under sontence of penal servitude or imprisonment for life, or for a term of seven years or upwards. If iu tbo opiniou of tho court tho petitioner's own habits or conduct induced or largely contri buted to the wrong complained of, the petition may, at tho discretion of the court, be dismissed ; but in all other casus, if the court is satisfied that the caso of the petitioner is proved, it shall he lawful for tho court to pronounce a decree dissolving tho marriago,- Under tho existing law, a female respondent enjoys what is now considered to be a most unroasouablo privilege, for even if site be guilty, or has no real defence to offer,' that fact docs not prevent her obtaining alimony from the husband pendente lite, as well as funds for defeadiug the action which the husband has brought agninst her. If Mr. Sumuol's bill becomes law— and its second reading has beon carried by 37 to 21 no sum of monoy shall be required to bo paid iuto court, nnd no security shall be required to be given by a husband provious to the hearing or trial of the eauso to cover tho costs of tho wife of or incidental to tho hearing or trial of the causo uuless aud nntil tho wife shall have sworn aud tiled in court on affidavit denying that sho has committed tho acts of iidultcry (if any) alleged to have bcon committed by her; aud any wife who shall wilfully swear, affirm, or declare falsely" in any such affidavit tnude before any per-on authorised to administer oaths in tho Supremo Court ot New Zealand, shall be liable to tho penalties nnd cousequences of wilful anil corrupt perjury, 'l'hero is a pro vision cuabliug the court, at any stage of a suit, to forbid the publication of tho ovidcnce therein, eitlier as to the whole or portions thereof, until after judgment has been pronoun ced ; and- it is further provided that neither petitioner nor respondent shall be at liberty to marry again for tho space of three calendar months after the granting of a decreo ahsoluto for the dissolution of tho marriage. Ex-Inspector Shearman, whose caso was referred to in my last letter, has not beon suc cessful with his petition to Parliament for moro compensation than the Government' allowed hitn for loss of offico. He will therefore have to rest content with what tho Government have given him — £900, aud three Mouths' leavo ou full pay. Formerly, he was ia receipt of £600 per annum, but was retrenched from timo to timo to £450. Mr. Shearman's ability and fituess for service hare never been called in question, but five inspectors had to go, and ho was ono' of the fivo who rocoived their congi from tho Defence Minister. Had Mr. Shear man remained iu tho Victorian force, ho would now havo been in the enjoyment of a consider able pension. Some nasty revelations havo been made in connection witli tlio 2Vucklaud Lunatic Asylum. In a sworn statement an ex-patient uamcd Airs, Green lias declared that sho hud been subjected to ill-treatment from somo of tho female attendants; that they dressed 'them selves np as ghosts to frighten Iter, and then locked her up in a padded room, telling her that they wero going to an undertaker to ordor her coffin. Snbsequeutly one of the attendants came to her as a Sister of Mercy, asking her to make confession before tho coffin came. Mrs. Green also complains that she was dragged by the hair to tbe bathroom and otherwise mal- treated. Her complaints have been forwarded to tho Government, and an inquiry will, of course, be instituted. Q'Tho perpetration of a foul mnrder in the far north has been made painfully certain. Mrs. M'Kenzic, a dressmaker, residing at Manga- wbare, near Dargaville, went to church ou tho evening of last Sunday week, and was never afterwards seen alive. On tbe following after noon her dead body was discovered at ebb tide on tho bank of tho northern Wuiroa river. About 9 o'clock on the night of her disappear ance screams of a woman apparently proceed ing from tho direction of tho river were beard, but no one was seen. When tho body was found next day, there was a severo wound oa tho month, as if from a violent blow, and the front teeth penetrated the lip. Deceased was a very respectable woman, whose husband died in America somo time ago, and she had two sisters and a brother in tho Toranaki district. Tho circumstances leave no presumption of suicide, but notwithstanding the vigilance of tho detectives no trace of her assailant has yet been found. - On a Sunday evening in March last on retnrning, from church, tho deceased discovered some men in her house, and she had been in great fear ever sinco. I summarise the following items of general news : — Mr. Valentine, a Southern represen tative, has been married to the daughter of the lato Captaiu Li nek, of the German Imperial yacht, the brido being given away by Sir Maurice O'Rorke, Speaker of tho House of Representatives. A man named Lewis John- sou has been killed at Oamaru by tbe npsetting of a dray. James Madden, ex- publican, of Wellington, has been committed tor trial for attempting to abscond with moneys belonging to his estate. Violent shocks of earthquako have been experienced at Wellington and other places. A miner at Kauieri named M'Quiggaa was blinded by a flash of lightning aud fell off a bridge into the stream below, fracturing his leg. Sir Harry Atkinson has been installed as District Grand Master of Freemasons lot the North Island. Lawrence Swift was crushed to death by a slip of stone at Cobdcn quarry, west coast. Tho Rev. Father Lynch, ordered away oa account of throat disease, has been presented with 150 sovs. at Donedin. Mr. Vincent Fyke has introduced a bill which provides that every Roman Catholic school con ducted in accordance with tho Edncation Act shall be deemed a public school within tho mean ing of the act, and that every such school shall be entitled to acapitation allowance equal to two- thirds of that granted to other public schools, provided that no school shall be entitled to capitation unless its average number of pupils exceeds 50. At a caucus of members it has been resolved to support the bill if its title and scope are altered so as to provide for a capitation grant to all private schools. Patrick Madden has been arrested for em bezzling moneys belonging to John Higgins, a Napier butcher. From two stations in the South, comprising 140,000 acres, 386,600 rabbit skins, costing £3470 for col lection, wore shipped home during tbe twelvs mouths ending on tho' 31st March lost. 'The certificate of Captain W. Cromarty, of the steamer Waiuui, has been suspended tor one month, and the captain ordered to pay the costs of tho inquiry, the court holding tbat although the captain had been alert and vigilant about the time tho vessel wcut on the rocks during foggy weather, ho was to biaino for not having a man on the look out. Mr. George Fyke Taylor, manager of tho To Aro branch of the If .1 ilk of New Zealand, at Wellington, died on 24th May, after a few days' illness, the causo of death being inflammation of the lungs. Deceased wos the son of Air. W. D, Taylor, of Tiinmering, Victoria. George Howell, a vil lage settler, residing near Pnbiatua, lias lost his life while attempting to cross the Aluugutainoka River. The promises and stock of fahurland and Co., chemists, zkuckland, have beeu des troyed by fire, aud considerable damage was also dune to tho warehouse of L. D. Nathan uud Co., and to the stock of Mr. T. Fcacock, optician. AU were insured. Mr. Heury J. Bakor, brewer, of Waipatva, was thrown, while mounting his horso, on his 46th birthday, nnd died from his injuries a few hours afterwards. Ho bad been over 20 years in the district. Tho export of coal aad cuko from the west coast is steadily increasing. Payable gold has been discovered between Blenheim nnd Ficton, not far from the scone of tbe Wnkamarina rush 24 years ago. In well informed Catholic circles it is slated that Archbishop Redwuod has gouo to Rome for the purpose of being elevated to tho dignity of cardinal. Michael Kenny fell out of a sail- iug boat near Hulensvillc, and wus drowned, A meetiug of settlers at Thorbnry, Southland, has decided to ask the Government forthwith to stop the importation of stoats, ferrets and weasels, tvhich aro considered detrimental to settlement and ineffectual in eradicating rab bits. Major-General Scbaw has been sent to report on the Auckland fortifications. The break in the Cook's Straits cable is being re paired, uud it has been found that the cable has worn out to a greater extent than was ex pected, Richard Smith, an old settler at Fan- hatanui, lias been arrested for sheep stoaling, A serious shooting caso has occurred at Spring- ston, Canterbury. Detective Neil and Air. F. Sinclair, clerk to tho Springstou Road Board, were making inquiries about a suspicious fire at Iho road bOArd office a few days previously. They visited tho farm of Thomas Henley, who Hew into a passion whilo boing questioned, got a double-barrelled gun aud fired twice at them as they were leaving tho house. The shots took effect in Mr. Sinclair's legs. Hcnloy, his wife and son then assaulted the dotoctive. Both, however, managed to get away, and the Hen- leys barricaded themselves iu their houso for some time, but eventually surrendered to a force of armed polico. Air. Sin clair is recovering from his wonnds. Tho Wellington city council havo accopted tho loader of a homo firm for lighting tho city by electricity. A Wellington grocer named William Smith Fletcher, who was levanting to Alelbouruo with a married woman named Thurston, was intercepted at tho Bluff by a dctectivo officer, and sent back to Wellington on a charge of wifo desortion. Tho Rev. Mr. Breach took possession of the Fresbyteriaa Church at New Flymouth, for alleged arrears of salary, and held the fort uutil ho was ousted by superior force. Iu this operation a scuffle eusued botweon tho police aud Air. Broach, ia which tho reverond goutleman displayed a good deal of muscular Christianity before he was forcibly ejected from the building. The medical practitioners of New Zealand are try. ing to get a bill passed to give them powers of a very exclusivo character, with reference to future admissions to practice in the colony, but thoy aro asking moro than Farliament will grunt. Their action lias been prompted by the successful iiuauciul tour of tho itinerant "Canadian doctors." The tailors' striko at jkuckland has been terminated by a compro mise between the masters and journeymen. ' 