LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. I Tin: iir.orLMt monthly meeting of the War wick Municipal Council will take place this afternoon at the Town Hall, at throe o'clock. I To-iuv (Wednesday) at noon the nomination of candidates for the electorate of Cunningham I will take placc at the Court- house, Allora. Of | course, there are only two in tho field, viz., Mr. I ];iancis Kati's, of llcndon, and Mr. Win. Allan, I of liraesidp. | Wu woi;ij> direct attention lo the important sale of landed property mid town lots which I takes placo to-day at Mr. H. C. Itansomc's | reams. The Bale is by order of tho Bank of New South Wales, and the lots are all eligible bHth for Imildiug purposes. At a iiioctiiig of the comrnitloo of the War wick Turf Cluli, held oil Monday afternoon at the Secretary's oflico, Mr. Clias. Hate was unanimously appointed starter at the forthcom ing meeting. Several olhcr matters pertain ing to races wuic discussed and doeidod upon. The Telegraph gives the following regarding the betting on the Toowoomba election:— " 1'he betting is very mixed: 5 to 1 Groom ; 4 to 1 Groom and Aland; level money the two G.'s; 2 to 1 Fogarty beats Garget, 2 to I Groom tops the poll on Middlo ltidge, and level money Groom all round; 3 to 1 Aland and Groom tojiB 1 poll at Drayton ; 5 to 1 somebody gets sold. Who is it?" The pontic arc reminded that a tea meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Church will tuko place this evening (Wednesday) in the Protestant Hall. At the conclusion a publio meeting will bo held in the church, when addresses will be delivered by the Revs. W, Dinning, J. Gardner, \V. Wall, and others. Uotwecn the addresses several pieces ot music will be rendered by the choir. Some nEiunxe have been made during the election BpeeclioB regarding the royalty on tim ber. Mr. Jordan, the Minister for Lands, in referring to this subject before his constituents on Saturday night, said " he would not do away with the royalty on timber, believing it did much to conserve our forests, in which there was previously a great deal of waste cutting. The revenue was about £10,000, and what it cost to collect was about £250. He would be in favour of & reasonable duty on foreign tim bcr." A coeeespondent aslca ub if Mr. Wm. Allan's name appears in the division list on what be terms " the Transcontinental Swindle," and also requests us to give the division list if pos sible. Wo have hunted it up and here is the division list:—" Ayes, X6.—M'llwraith, Archer, Norton, Chubb, Perkins, Macrossan, Low, Kingsford, Black, Hamilton, H. W. Palmer^ O'Sullivan, Cooper, Sheaffe, Stevenson, Lalor. Nofs, 27.—Griffith, Miles, M4 Lean, Garrick, G. Thorn, Brookes, Isambort, Bailey, S. Grimes, Bcattie, Bucklaud, Macfarlaue, Fraser, Francis, H. Palmer, \V. Allan, Kellett, Wold-Blundell, ^Btublcy, Aland, Price, Stevens, Butledge, Mac* donald-Patereon, Horwite, Ferguson, Groom." A public baptism took place in (lie Dremer Itivcr, on Sunday afternoon last (says the Q Timet) and attracted a great deal of attention, there being a large number of spectators both on the North and South sides of the stream in the vicinity (about 200 yards beyond Hancock Bros', saw mills). Froccodingswuro commenced by devotional exercises, and, after reading a small portion of Scripture, Mr. George Grove (of Melbourne) delivered a powerful address, which was attentively listened to by the majority of IIiobc present. At the conclusion of HU remarks, a hymn was started, at the water's edge, and Mr. llobcrl Simpson took up a position in the water. At short intervals tbo t candidates stepped out and were im mersed in the river, being thus baptised "in the , narno _ of the Father, of the Son1! and of tfife Holy Ghost." There were five women and nintf men viifl" thus openly testified to their faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and cach as tbey. steppctt out on to terra firma once more (Whilst i their brclhern sang some sweet tunee) were waVmly grasped by the hand, and im mediately * entered two small tents eroded on the .ehorc whence they soon re-appcarod with dry garments on. After all of the candidates had been baptised, a couple of hymns were sung, prayer was offered, and the gathering dispersed. 