RANDOM SHOTS. Et a SHATiraitOOTKR. I observed that at the Presbyterian missions f meeting tho Rev A, H.-.rdie raid, "tho sum of L4321 had' been rai»»d, tout this only repre sented a contribution of 5 from each adherent of the church. Ami by orgniil.-rd arrangements larger result- cuul.i h« obtained. What deadly cmx»5rai'y is on ft>.»t,-I should like to know? If an- ' organised arrangement" can raiso "larger in ttiis direction let them com- on. and t shall bo happy to meet them with another " organised nrradgeir.ciit" to get hold of tho said result afterwards. An t;rgam»cd nrntngoinent" which cau prove tho existence of os and upwards anywhere within teaching distance ia just what I have been wishing to havo about mo for many a long day. I note that the recent revolutionary dis turbances in Romnnnia nro set down as the work of Ku-fiau ngents. From private in formation I am able to say that this ii, al though not absolutely impossible, still far fetched and unlikely. Tho 'troubles havo arisen out of the attitude of the Government towards a series of strikes, particularly in tho railway workshops, through which Intense fecliug was aroused mid much misery occasioned, auil out of an agrarian movement similar to that recently so prominent a featuro in ItLh affair. Whether Russia may not avail herself of the pretext to appoint a stronger sovereign of her own choosing is another imH ter. Our neighbor, Mr S. Mullen, comes in for conspicuous notice in the last number of the 2/ftfrfrafof London A'rtrs. During Mr Melton Prior's stay hero ho sketched tho Melbourne " MudioV shop from somewhere near the street door, and the result is a full pago illus tration. Anyone acquainted with London bookshop and with Mr Mullen's in Collins street, will at once agvco that the older city bxis.no shops so suitable in every respect to tho arrangement and display of literary wares as that which Mr Melton Prior has delighted to honor, and that most uf tho retail shops in London am very behind it. It is a plcnsuve thereforo to fsee that the war artist had his tyea open to so conspicuous a feature of Melbourne life as Mullen's on a Saturday morning. Ttio Women's Suffrage Society, it is said, is going lo give an afternoon tea (ten and toast) to Mr W.«T,Peircv.JLL.A.,for the endeavors he is making logive thuin their "wm.in's rights'' in tho House. He wanted no person restricted from voting "only becauso the person was a .female," and it was hard for members to grasp tho idea. First they tried to laugh him off and the Chief Secretary thought they had only got to the "skirts" of the subject. No body laughed, and there was a solemn stillness when Mr Lnngridgp, with an effort, essayed tho remark that "it would be better for the bon. member to get up a-dress on the subject.' After this the Assembly rose early. Tim final scenes connected with the passage of the Electoral Law Reform Bill were lacking in the interest and brilliancy that might have been expected. Mr Bent was not in good form, although ho managed to goad the Chief Secretary. into an indignant denial that he had ever done any wire pulling in connection witii tho Trades' Hall Council and the Chinese vote. "Get the Trades' Hall Council to hold a meeting and say where thero is to be late voting like he did when he told them to get up on anti-Chinesn meeting at Brighton," said the leader of the Opposition. Groans o! virtuous indignation pealoa forth from his followers nt this exposal <>t the underhand tactics of n wicked Ministry. No notice was taken for awhile, but Mr Deakin subsequently made a labored denial, which was apparently needles, bs Mr Bent's statement was evidently a " random shot." Mr Bent is commendably anxious to know who ore to be reckoned as country members. Mr Keys belongs to the country party, while his electorate begins four miles from Melbourne. Mr Harper takes care of the rustic innocents on the Collingwood border, whilst jwur Mr Bent and his Brighton bucolics are recokoned metropolitan. No wonder tho elect of Maldun backed his leader upby crying " More anoma lies, more anomalies 1" in a voice that would havo done -good service outside the walls of Jericho, and that would not disgrace a Salva tion Army captain. Skull we ever learn the real truth of that little committee room episode respecting which Mr Bent twitted Mr Ri-id recently. "Thero is no liquor to be got in my committee roonif," said the venerable member for Fitzroy. Mr Bent looked astonished, and amidst tho laughter of the House related a little election Btorjv when somebody looked at something else than tliegeiitlegmgi'ralesodearto teetotal lers." '"That wasn't my.'commi ttce room ! " cried Mr Reid, and everybody seemed satisfied that political ourity had been main tained by the necessary liquoring up being done at tho expense of a rival. Tim debate, if it could bo called a debate, was dreary beyond measure but for the momentary fun caused by Sir Bryan O'Logb- Jen's proposal to pay voters. With tho true Mllc6ian scorn of small money the honorable baronet asked what was L50,000 or L100,000 once in three years when the political privileges of the electors were to bo conserved. The proposal had the merit of novelty, at least, and would be more acceptable to the avorAge elector than giving him six months lu gaol because he wouldn't vote for— say, Mr Gaunson. When tho 7 o'clock polling -extension was under discussion Mr Boaisto'a frugal mind discerned a now feature in its favor. " If we givo tho working nmn plenty cf time after work to come and vote wo ncodn't pay for cabs for him," suggested Mr Bosisto, and tbu idea evidently found invar, although membors had the decency nut to dwell on such a delica:e matter. ON COMMERCIAL PRINCIPLES. They told mc that this mighty show, This monument Centennial, Would teach us much we ought to know Ot benefit perennial. They said its great attractiveness Would bring vast crowds to vlowit, Ten thousand daily, more or less, Were sure to come and " do it." They promised sideshows that would blend Amusement with instruction: I pictured pleasures without end— A natural deduction ; I pictured an executive Amenable to reason , Who'd issue, that the show might live, Those tickets for the Reason. .1 pictured very numy things, And none unnecessary But sndly now tho poet sings Australia's Centenary. I wander on— as in their shrouds Do ghosts— through lonely lobbies ; I meet, instead of wond'ring crowds, Some barmaids and soma " bobbies." Thu former, standing in a row, l)o all they know lo charm me ; Tint latter liven up the show By marching like an arm. But for the rest— well, I ntn sold And execrably treated ; As consolation 1 am told The show ts not completed 1 There have been half-a-dozen days When people condescended To tread thn weary, dreary maze; Such pluck must bo commended ; But all those devious windings damp Our hearts with ouc sensation— Commercial Priitciplea,but cramp Ceutouoial Celebration. 