The Advertiser TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1888. The Conversion of Stocks Bill, which is the title of the measure introduced by Mr. Goschen for the purpose of reducing the rate of interest payable on some £558,000,000 of the public debt of Great Britain, has been paaaed by both Houses of the Imperial Parliament. It is a little more than a fortnight ago that we were made acquainted with the fact that a measure of the kind was to be brought forward, aud it speaks volumes for the favor with which the proposal has been ; received that in bo short a time such an important Bill should hare been carried ! ;in both Houses. In our colonial Parlia- j ments almost every member would hare ' been anxious to make a speech on the | subject, and it would probably have taken month? to get the Bill piloted : | through all its stages. British members |of Parliament are sot expected to be acquainted with every the sun, and as s rule only the specialists j 'on the subjects under consideration speak. la the colonies it Is too often the j cate that members will insist upon pro* claiming their ignorance by rising to j address the House on every conceivable topic. The name of British investors in the public stocks of the country is legion. From the late?t figures which are avail able we gather that no less than 2^0,931 persons receive dividends from the funds, and to each of these the decrease of in terest from 3 to 2i per cent —which is | the minimum fixed by the Bill—means a loss of one-sixth of their incomes from this source. They are, however, to be let down easily, receiving 2? per cent, now ; while the reduction to Hi per cent. is only tc come into force at the expiration of 14 years, from which period it is guaran teed that the interest shall not be altered for £0 ; ears. This is the scheme, so far as we are able to gather its purport from necessarily brief telegrams. Its gre?t ad vantage friin the bondholder's point of vkw is that it secures to him a. fixed rate of interest for a fixed term ; the benefit to the State is that should the whole of the holders of bonds come in aider the arrangement a saving of £1,400,000 a year will be at once effected in interest, and at the expiration of It years this annual saving will be doubled. Those holders of bonds who will not come in under the new Act will doubtless be paid off as soon as the Government can legally compel them to take the money, and any amount required to be borrowed by the State for this purpose will be pro cured at probably 2\ per cent. Mr. Goschen's huge financial transac tion is simply the result of the exceedingly low rate of money. This has been taken advantage cf by a shrewd business man In the interest of the country, and the large saving which will be effected by the scheme will be a substantial relief to the British taxpayer. But there Is I another side of the question which is specially interesting to the Australian colonies. The abundance of money at home should keep interest low here. The opportunity should also be seized to place before British investors such mining and other legitimate ventures as are likely to yield a profitable return. The most serious question of all is, however, this— W hy, if British investors in consols are to be content with 2i to 2j per cent, for their money. Bhould the Australian colonies go on borrowing at 3k to 4 per cent. ? Practically Australian bonds are as safe as British consols. There is not the ghost of a fear of repudiation in either case, but if a peril of this kind exists at all, It arises from the rapid growth of socialistic views in the old world, where the fearful poverty and alarming social in equalities appear to some to be threaten ing the stability of national institutions. It has been recently said that the British capitalist has just discovered Australia, and the enormous increase in the market value of colonial bonds which has taken place during the hut fortnight shows the faith reposed In our resources and the Integrity of our Govtrnments. It is esti mated that the rise in Australian bonds in these two weeks amounts to a total of no less than three millions sterling. Toe prices which purchasers are now paying will only return interest at rates varying from £3 Bs. 3d. to £3 ss. !?d. per cent, for Victorian bonds ; about an average of £"> Ob. for New South Wales bonds; and about £3 14s. tid. for South Australian boiids. Accordingly it seems probable that colonial loans could be floated in London at par, with interest at 3i per cent, at the outside, and possibly at 3 per cent. Should the hitter rate prove suflicient, it would mean a saving in in tertast of £300,000 a year on the renewal of the present public debts of the Aus tralian colonies. But unfortunately the renewal of these loans, or at any rate the majority of them, Is not possible for a very long time to come. Our South Australian four per cent, loans are made { repayable between the years 1910 and l'.'3u, havioga currency of 50 years, which is a most palpable mistake. New South Wales has made a similar blunder, her last big four per cent, loans having a cur rency of 50 years. Victoria followed a wiser course, and made her last authorised loan redeemable in 20, 29, and 31 yean. Had New South Wales and South Australia adopted the Victorian limit of time they might not j have obtained quite bo much for their loans, but if at the expiration of 29 years Victoria is able to get her loan renewed at 3 per cent., whilst the other two colonies are continuing to pay 4 per cent, for a further period of about 20 years, the loss of this 1 per cent, per annum will in the case of New South Wales alone amount to a total of a million aud a half sterling. In any future borrowing it is to be hoped that South Australia at any rate will calculate on the possibility of her bonds being in a few yean as favorite an outlet for the Investment of British capital at 3 per cent., as consols will be at 2i per cent., and will there fore make the currency of her bonds much shorter, bo as to derive the benefit of the increased favor Into which colonial securities will, we believe, grow from year to year. As it is, our four per cent, bonds are bo long-dated, and consequently at each a considerable premium, that any idea of their conversion by offering low rates of interest for longer dated bonds is im practicable. All that remains for as to do is to profit by the experience of the past, and in any future loans to make re demption possible at a much earlier date than has heretofore been the custom. The " eweet simplicity of the 3 per cents." seems now a thing of the past, and the " sweet simplicity of the 2£ per cents." is not likely to prove by any means as attrac tive to the British investor. We shall hear a good deal more now of Victorian and South Australian fours, and of Sew South Wales 3). per cento. The opportunity which will thus be afforded to the Aus tralian colonies by the operation of Mr. Goschen'e Conversion of Stocks BUI, of borrowing at easier rates of interest than have prevailed hitherto, will make the prosecution of public works a less risky nndertakirjgthanit has beeninthe past, be cause the less interest there is to be paid on the loans for their construction the Booner they will become reproductive. From every point of vietr the result of Mr. Goschen's financial proposals is most satisfactory to the colonies. John Ball made a splsndid investment when he bought Australian bonds, and he ought to feel very grateful to these colonies for affording him such a profitable outlet for his surplus capital. The Conuxieuoner of Public Workj has ra ce iw d applications from C4 persons for the positions of the two junior commissioners of the Kailway Board. All bat tix are residents of South Australia, and the exceptions are from Victoria, Kew South Wales, and New Zealand. The list include several members of the Civil Service, and gentlemen in almost every walk of life. The selection is to be sub mitted to Cabinet, bat the.Commissioner does not think he will be able to sufficiently peruse the papers to enable him to make a recora n~e elation to the meeting which ia to be held to day. The actisff- coEPinftDdaat (Colonel Gordon) infoims us that arrangements have been made for the reception of Major-General Do trues, C.11G., the new military commandant, on his arrival from Victoria this morning. A guaid of honor will be stationed on North-ter race, and room will be provided on the railway fetation platform for those officers and friends of the General who wish to be presented to him. A salute of 13 gutss will be fired from the Staff- Office parade ground. The following general order to the forces has been issued br Major General Duwnea:—" March 27, 1888. Ofccers and men of the Suuth Australian Military Forces — I have this day re&s; euittd the command of the forces. I tru6t and feel confident that as before you will one and all give me your best efforts and hearty cooperation to render the South Aus tralian Forces second to none, and worthy of thetrcEt repoeed in you by your fellow-citizens. Prior to the major general's departure fron Victoria, the Minister of Defence (tjir James Lonmer) sent him the following letter:— '? Dear General Uovnes—On your retirement from the office of Stcretary of Defence I have, on behalf ef the Government, to express our i egret at the less of your services, which have been regarded not only by the present but also by the late Go vemn,ent as of great value to this colony. You were appointed permanent head of a new department at a very critical period, and tine duties which the position imposed upon you were of a most responsible and onerou? character. In the performance of theee duties you displayed marked ability, and the Govern ment have always appreciated very highly the services which your knowledge and experience tcabled you to render to the Defence Depart rant. To my predecessor, and also to myself, in the administration of the department your auistance has been invaluable, and for the earnest and cordial manner in which that assistance has at all tames been given I desire meet heartily and Bincerely to thank yon. X am pleased to thick that in leaving us you will assume a high and responsible military position in a neighboring colony, where your labors will v?y probably be of advantage to us as well as to our neighbors. With the assurance of my personal regard mod respect, and with best wishes for yoar future.—l remain, &c;, James LOBIMtE." The Treasurer (Hon. T. Playford) received a tele-gram from the Minister of Education on Monday, in which he stated that he intended to leave Palmerston for the south by the steamer Catterthun on or about the 7cb of next month. He will probably occupy three or four weeks on the return journey to Ade laide. A bitch has occurred in connection with the railway axles contract which was undertaken by Messrs. Gray Bros., of Port Adelaide. The Locomotive Engineer (Mr. W. Thow) has been compelled to reject the two first batches de liveied, on account of the material not being up to the tensile quality aa set forth in the specification*. As the matter is sub judice acd u to be brought before Cabinet the Com niimocer of Public Works does not feel at libtrty to give further.particulars at present. Almost daily the Commissioner of Crown Lands is in receipt of plans foe the destruction of rabbits, some being highly ludicrous and others having a modicum of sense in them. The last one that has reached him is from Me CoJtnan Phillips, of the Dry Kiver station, in the Wairarapa district, and tit. Coles considers it to be one of the most feasible that bas been submitted to him. Mr. Phillips writes that he has no faith in M, Pastenr's chicken cholera or Professor Beanie's scab remedy. The plan he pro poet a (bladder fluke) has been tested on the Korth American continent with the most satis factory results, as well as on the station with which Mr. Phillips is connected, anlit is spreading to the adjoining runs, and be thinks that in the end it will keep the country free from the pest. He en cWts the following letter which he had received from Mr. Hector, of the Colonial Museum in Sew Zealand:— " The rabbit you have sent me is affected by bladder fluke. Thu is a moat fatal disease amergrt rabbits, and sweeps them off in pjillious every year in America. The fluke is one stage in the development of the tapeworm of the fox, wolt, lynx, and probably also of the wild dog and cat. It is tn this manner that these sximaU are considered the natural enemies of the rabbits, as the few they actually destroy for fcod is nothing to the number* that are destroyed by the propagation of this rii?a^?j>, This is the third case I have met with in tte Wairarapa, If the propagation of this disease can be secured the rabbits wou'd be cleared out of the district in a few months, as I have seen happen ia America over hutidieds of square miles." After thanking Mr. Phillips for bin letter, the Gommis sl. cer has replied that ft conference, at which all the colonies will be represented, is to be held in Sydney shortly for the purpose of discussing the various schemes suggested for the destruction of rabbits, and that until their report is received *ne does not propose to take any further steps in the direction of offering a reward or otherwise. Mr. Coles fuither suggests the desirability of the disease beirg submitted to the consideration of the conference. The Conservator of Forests has returned from his visit to the northern forest reserves. At?nndaleerhelaidoutapUntationofSOOacres ; and another of 400acres, and on this 1,200 acres I he intends to have something likt 900, LOO trees I planted during the coming winter. From the Bnndaleer nursery be expects to have about 600.0C0 young trees available for free distribu tion. It may be mentioned that 10 years ago Mr. Brown had 20,(09 trees planted in this forest at a oat of about £800, and that the growth fcas been so rapid that if they were cut now and the logs I sent to the Barrier mines the value of the wood would be from £12.000 to £15.000. At Laura the ' conservator arranged for the dupatch of some j £500 worth of timber for the Silverton Tram- { way Company. In the Wirrabara Forest he laid out 400 acres of ground, which during the coming season will be planted with 250,000 tries. About 100 men are still em ployed in this forest sawing sleepers, bat it is feared that unless the Government re quire n:ore of this railway material the men will presently be ont of employment, though some may be retained in prop cutting for the silver mines. A month ago 28,000 sleepers were delivered at Laura from the Wirrabara Forest, and at the passing," which will take place about the tint of next month, it is fully expected that an additional 35.000 will be taken over from the Ken, This will make about 500 009 sleepers which have been obtained from this reserve during the past five or six years, and at least another 100,000 could be cut therefrom matured timber. The Commissioner of Public Worts will leave on Wednesday for Wallaroo in order to attend the banquet to be given at tfaattomi. He wfll be acaunnanied by Mr. L. L. Foraer, M.P., and Mr. D. Bews, M.P., will also be present at the gathering. During tte meetings of the Civil Service Commission the examination of Mr. Eoenezer Cooke (Commissioner of Audit) occupied five cotetcotive sittings, and much valuable in formation respecting bis department was ob tained. Mr. Cooke was followed by Mr. Heath; and Mr, Mais, the Ecgineer-iu-Chief, bas also given valuable evidence, and pro mUed to forward further information to tha commission. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court will commence on Wednesday, April 4, when the following cases will be taken:—John Henry Andrews, charged with stealing in a dwelling house; Thomas Donohue,forgery ; Nugent Chi- chester, stealing from a vessel; Daniel McGrath (on bail), assaulting a girl; Katie McLean (on bail), bigamy; Everard Allan Cotton, assaulting a girl. On Thursday there will be heard the cases against Martha Clements, child murder ; Ah Fat (on bail), assaulting a girl; John Edwin Cooke (on bail), embezzle- ment; and any others that may have been committed for trial in the meantime. A petition from the selectors in the hundred of Yanyarrie was presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands by Mr. T. Borgoyne, M.P., on Monday morning. The selectors pointed out that they had leased land of an inferior quality, and owing to the uncer tain rainfall and the low price of wheat the present rent was more than the land was worth. They therefore asked the Com missioner of Crown Lands to reduce it. A number of the farmers had reselected land under the Crown Lands Act of 1831, and had paid from 10 to 20 per cent, towards the purchase money. They now asked that they might be allowed to surrender and reselect at an annual rental of 2d. per acre. The Commissioner informed Mr. Burgoyne that the Land Board would shortly be visiting the locality, and then each farmer could explain his position to the board and would be treated on the merits of the case. Messrs, B. A. Monlden, M P., and A. D. Handyeide. M P., waited on the Treasurer on Monday morning, and presented a petition from a large number of ratepayers in the dis trict of Tatiara protecting against the division of the district into wards, as proposed by the council, for the reason that it is not in accor dance with the wishes of the ratepayers. The petitioners submitted the following divi sion :—Tatiara ward, comprising the hun < dred of Tatiara (four member*), Wirxega ward ! ccmpi'u'wg tbe hundred of Wirrega (three mettibert); Pardons ward, comprising tbe hundred o( Parsons, and all that portion of the county of McDonnell north of tbe hundred of Binnum and TT<"iyn and south of tbe hun dreds of Tatiara and Wirrega (one member); StirliDg ward, compribing tbe hundred of Stirling and all that country north and west of the hundreds of Tatiara and Winag* ioae member). TBfe Treasurer promised that the matter should have immediate attention. Regarding the date for holding the next interco onial medical conference the Auttral atian Mettico.l Journal states that "it will bepro postd at the next meeting that the congress be held during the currency of the Centennial Exhibition, instead of in 1830; the date pre viously arranged. 'The provisional committee is now a very large and representative body, and it is to be hoped there will be a large attendance of members at the next meeting to discuss this question with the care its importance demands. We do not pro pose to discuss the question now, beyond ob serving that tbe chief reasons for ?li?W tha date appear to be that the Great International Medical Congress will be held at Berlin in 1(90, and it is thought that the Intercolonial congresa wOl attract more attention and have greater eclat, from the greater attendance of the profession that is anticiitatedjif held during the currency of the Exhibition. Whetber these are sufficient reasons is for the committee to determine," With a view to introducing the Sydney and Brisbane system of open call sales of mining stocks Mr. B. C. Fryer opened an exchange in Pirie Chambers, Pirie-street, on Monday morning, a commodious room has been secured and comfortably furnished but it proved too small to accommodate the large crowd who assembled at tbe opening sale, many persons having to stand in the doorways and corridors. The difference between the open call or auction system and the ordinary ex changes is that the sales are open to the public, who are accorded the same privileges as mem bers of the "rooms." The silver, tin, and gold stocks are called alphabetically, and any one is at liberty to name a price at which be is prepared to sell. Lower prices are then called until the bidding ceases. Buyers then name any price they please, and the bidding goes on until the lowest seller's price is reached or the bidding ceases. As has been the case of late on the Corner the buyers wanted the stocks at less than the sellers would take, and the consequence, was, that although the bidding was fairly brisk, no sales were made during the hour the auction lasted. In several cases there was a difference of a few shillings between the vendors and purchaser's bid, but once or twice 6d was the difference between the two. Another sale was held at half past 2, but no sales were effected. Sellers were the only ones represented, there being no buyers. A deputation, consisting of Mesare. Ciup ncan (of iOder, Smith. & Co.), MoCoaviUe. and Barker (of Barker & Counters), was iauo duced to the Conurissiwifir of Crown Land* on Monday by Mr. E. Laughton. They minted ont that in a short time the track between Queensland and our Northern railway exten sion system will be practically closed through want of water, which would mean a esa tiderable loss to the entire community by the increase in tte price of meat which would result. They therefore urged the Commis sioner to at once give instructions to hats the wells on the coots attended to, and an additional supply of water, if possible, pro vided by driving in those wells, whilst the trough ?"i^t be unpeoved. Mr. McConviUe mftinnefl thatbehadfaOsd in an attempt to jret sheep onto his ran in that part of the country owing to the absence of water. Mr. Coles, in replying, eUted that tbe Government were very anxious to provide a supply of water on all main stock routes, bat it was aureasanabla to expect that water should be ?***"r4 for individual stations, for notwithstanding whatever might be done there would always be cases where people would be unable to get their stock on to their suns. Toe G> vercment recognised the necessity for ?"?tjifg the xuain stock routes passable, and he in structed the Deputy Surveyor-General, who was pietent, to at ence see that the wells re ferred to were put into thorough repair. Whea this was done he requested t&te; stock cwnere present to arrange amongst themselves to see that the wells were ???Mm* in goad order, because that was a difficulty which the Government had experienced in the past. They sunk the wells and left these in thorough repair, and occasionally found someone willing to watch them, butaiit&ezcajdrityof; hutaocs they were allowed to fall into partial ruin, the d.aine, buckets, and other articles being lost. The gentlemen present promised to do their best to meet the wishes of the Commissioner, and thanked him for his favorable reply. An attempt at murder, arising apparently from jealousy, took place at Bosnian on Monday morning, which resulted, however, in no injury being done to the intended victim. Uhe affair took place in the house of Mr. Bichard Jooe, Gibson street, Bowden. It appears that at about 9 o'clock a young man named James Goodfellosr, aged 23 yeans, knocked at the Bide door of Mr. Joce'a house, facing Ninth street Mr. Jooe opened the door and Goodfellow asked if his daughter. Mist Charlotte Joce, was in. The yonog lady is 21 1 years of age. Goodfellow had been courting ! ber for eome time past, but of late she had been I accepting the -atteatioM of some ofoar youtig xb&n.; This Si not meet with Gooi- I fellow's approval, and on the Monday previous when he arrived from Broken Hill he asked her to take a walk with him, but met with a re fusal He subsequently wtst to the boose two or three times to see Mis? Joce, but was not admitted. He called again at her reaidenaa on Thursday, and stayed some time, but aha refuted to accept bin overtures. Miss Jose says Goodfellow had two or three times threatened her life if she would not marry him, acd th*t at the interview on Thursday to pro posed that they ehould each take a dome of laudanum in order that they might quit the world together, as he was determined no one else should havener. Miss Joce. blandly re foEtd, and said ebe would not marry him or have anj thing farther to do with him. Good fellow bad been daring the week acting strangely at home, sad attempted to take a dose of laudanum, but his sister knocked the bottle out of his hand. When he asked for Miss Jose on .Monday ha bad in Lis possession a six chambered revolver fully loaded. The girl came around towards he side door where Goodfellow was, and he aid to her—" Have you made up yaur uiiod to have mef She replied ?'No," whareup>n he presented the weapon at her. She at on 33 ran round to the back door, and when ahe ?ai seaily midway op the passage of the house, Goodfellow, who was within a fe* y?r-1? of her, fired. The bullet struck the w.*U, glanced on to the opposite wall, and eaterei the architrave of the door. The girl roshs-i into the ahop, entered another room, made her ?xit from the back door, and bid neudf in the closet, eome distance from the house. Good fellow followed, but musing her went round the aide of the house, and when under the verandah in Gibson-street was met by Mr. Joce, who seized him, bat was unable to retain his hold. He folio wed Goodfellow, and caught ban at (he side door. Ninth street, and was threatened that it he didnotletfaimgo he would beshot. BythistimeMcHenwoodandanother man came to the rescue, and Goodfellow seeing he was overpowered, gave up the revolver, if,. Joce, who is an elderly man, is deserving of great praise, as undoubtedly he was the means (4 Baviogthe lif e of bis daughter, asGoodf ?Uow was most determined and desperate. Miss Grod fellow states that her brother had arranged to marry Miss Joce on his return from Broken Hill. He discovered last week that she had been flirting with other men, and on remonstrating with her about it the refused to marry him. This led to Good fellow going on the epree. and for tbe last day or two he has been Buffering from delirium tremens. It was whilst in tttis state that b* threatened to shoot Miss Joes. Hitherto GoodfeUowhas borne a good character, and his relatives think that the disappointment has preyed oil hii mind. The young man is * bob of the late Mr. Bichard Goodfellow, who for aoma yean m engaged in the Waterworks Department, and u u old resident of Bowden. GoodfeUow will be brought before Mr. Beddometbia morning. Prior to the departure on Monday afternoon for Melbourne of Mr. D. M. Cameron, the secretary to the Victorian Commission, that gentleman mi entertained at luncheon at the AnstralGwbbySirElwinT.Smith. There were about 16 gentlemen present, including the Premier (Hon. T. Plwtord), and his Honor the Chief Justice, and Sir Edwin occupied the chair. A recherche' repast having been par taken of and the usual loyal toasts honored, the Chairman proposed the health of their . neat, Mr. Cameron. He was not aware, |e said, tOl Friday last that Mr. Cameron intended leaving so Boon, bat when he was acquainted inth the fact be fdt that he could not let him go without again meeting those with whom he had been associated during the past eight or nine months. Mr. Cameron was the first to come to South Australia in connection with the representation of any court, "?d he t?"* been hen almost con tinuously ever since. By his gentlemanly conduct to all with whom he had coma in eon tact he had won universal respect and esteem and he ventured to say that if the Boyal Commission of Victoria had searched all through that colony they could not have found a more suitable man to represent them. (Applause.) Mr. Cameron carried away with him their beat withes foe bh future success, and his Worship knew be was only expressing the feelings of all present when he said that he hoped that he WOnLi her of Mr- fJMngiYtii ?g?J" in <*winAi*i?ii with the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. (Hear, hear.) They had present that day. too, the superintendent of the New Sauth Wales court (Mr. Edward*), and he thought it would not be out of place to couple his name with that of their guest, seeing he had done so much to make the Exhibition a success. She toast was drunk with enthusiasm, Mr. Cameron briefly replied, expressing his sense of the honor done him, and ttie fact of so many representative gentlemen being present. His visit to Sooth Australia had been a most agreeable one, and both he and Mrs, Cameron were leaving with feelings of sincere regret He thanked them cordially for the many great Irindnerseg he had received during bis stay in Adelaide, and hoped it wouldnot be the last occa sion be would have of meeting those present , Mr. Edwards also acknowledged the toast, and spoke of the hospitality that had been ex tended to him during his stay in South Aus tralia. The Chief Justice proposed the health of Sir £dwin Smith, their hospitable enter tainer and model host Bir Edwin, in reply, said that as their worthy friend the Premier was present be did not think it would be out of place if he were to say to him that the (Jovern jnent now had an opportunity, not only of wrvin* the promoters of the Exhibition, tat the country as well, and that was by purchasing one or other of the annexes. Ha could assure him that with perhaps one exception the annexes were Sptiop at a loam, but the promoters were never theleaa prepared to offer one or two of them to the tavernmetit at about a third o( what they cost. They would be of immense benefit for show purposes, more especially the northern one, and the promoters would have done a double service, tatty in holding the Exhibition, and secondly in disposing of the annexes at a pries mnsMarably under east in order to benefit the public. (Applause.) Toe Ptesnier proposed "The press,*' eulogising the Adelaide paper* for the continued support they gave to the Exhibition; indeed, he be lieved they had effected more than any other agency in the way of making it theaucassa it was. (Applause.) fief erring to the purchase of tfce annexes by the Government he said if it were felt that the country was "irfpng a bargain and it would be an advantage to the colony to have the annexes be should be very rieased if they could find money to parchaK them. However, it would benagoodparehasiiiff even if they'gota bargain, provided they had am we for them, but the matter would have 4uecoo?k]entun. (Hear, bear.) Mr. J. h. Bonython and Mr. J. H. Fmlayson having responded the proceedings terminated. Mr. and Mrs. Cameron and Mr. Edwards left by the afternoon express for Melbourne, a large number of ladies sad gentlemen going to the station to tad them bon vogage. The AU-Star Company repeated their enter tuning programmn at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, in toe pretence of a large and approving auditory. Tome more per. formaporsnonriode their season. Hndsont Surprise Party, who are visiting the prinrifl northern tons, an having crowded houses nightly. The company wffl return to Adelaide shortiy to open at Garner'* Booms with several new p"*?^—, On Monday evening Mr. W. Ray, manager of the S. A. Uas Company, gave an mteresong and instructive feature before an appreciative audtMiee on "G*.- in All-Saint/ Church cebooboDtn, rTmrtmarah. The discourse was illustrated by several pieces of machinery used in connectian with some of the pracesies through which ass passes. The Rev. H. M. Pollitt presided. At the dose Mr. R?y was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. On Monday morning the ground on which tfce encampment will be hdd was marked out Colonel Gordon inspected the. ground, and was satisfied that sufficient room was pro tided, and that tbe water supply was ample. The mem bers of the Permanent Force will pitch the headquarters camp on Tuesday, and remain under canvass to guard the camp and prepare for the arrival of tbe troops on Thursday evening. Tbe half yearly masting of the City aad Suburban Bcaam Brirfrm airing Company was held m the company's offiee, Pirie-atreet, on Monday morning. Tbe Hon. W. Wadham, who presided over a until number of share holders, moved tbe adoption of the report, which was earned. The report stated that tteworta bad been in active operation all tbe six fnontlw, sad orders were on hand which would take some months to supply. The profit and loss account showed a considerable profit on tbe half year's transactions, A special train aerrioe has been arranged on tbe South AnstraWati raSnya xortnefcaster holidays. Kraonion tickets will be issued on aU the lines (except the Adelaide, Semaphore, and Largs Bay line), as well as on the Silverton tramway, obtainable at every station between March 25 aad April 2, and available op to April 1L On the Adelaide, Semaphore, and Jjargs line similar tickets will be issued available op to April 3. A special time- table has been arranged on the southern line for Thaaday. Good Friday, and Kaster Monday, which wfll be seen by reference to our advertU- We have received from Messrs. Gordon and Goteb, of Melbourne, the publishers, through Mr. H. Hampson. of Adelaide, the "Aus tralian Handbook" for 1888 The chuacter of this excellent work is now so well known as hardly to need description. It is in all respacti one of the most complete books of its kind published, and it is the only work whioh gives or pretends to give an account of the towns throughout the colonies, with all information respecting them that may lie useful to the bustnes* mas or the tourist. The work is replete with maps, plans, charts, and even picturesque views, with statistics of CBSHmaice, abippio*, railways, mining, agricol to?, and tbe social condition of the people, and wish tahks of taxes, tariffs, aad various rates. Site handbook is in fact* little library of Aus tralasian geography, bittory, trade, and politics in itself, and thus forms an indispensable work in every eff oe. It is scsrsely necessary to add that toe informations it contains is brought down to the latest date. ~~A full and euceeasful rehearsal of Goonod'd "Redemption" took plaoe at the Town Hall on Monday evening aod this fine work will be publicly performed in the same place to-night by the Adelaide Musical Association, with a chorus and orchestra of 220 voices aad instra enrnta. ' The soloists are Mesdames Johnson James, J. Ramsay, Mesua, J. H. Header, H. R. Holder, and J. J. Virgo ; leader of ! ?orchestra. Hear H. Schrader; conductor, Mr. C. J. Stevens. The various parts of the " Re- ! demption" aa marked by the composer are as follow*.—The prologue, {a) the Creation, (i) creation of man, (e) promise of the Redeemer. Part I.—Calvary—The Crucifixion, Mary at the foot of the Cross, the two thieves, the /death of Jesus, the centurion. Part IL—From the Rtcunection to the Aseensioa—The holy wonsrn at the sepulchre. Jesus appearing to tbe holy women, the Stohedrim, the holy women btfore the apostles, Jesus appearing to tbe aposties, the Ascension. Part ItL—The xVoteeoet— The descent of the Holy Ghost, fcjmns of the apostles. Tbe performance will tie under the patronage of his Excellency tbe Governor, his Honor Chief Justice Way (preeide?t of the association), the Mayor (Sir Edwin Smith), and other leading colonists. The tickets are going off rapidly and a large attendance may be relied upon. A meeting of the Northern Territory Land Com pacy will be held this afternoon. Tea and public meetings in connection with tbe UnfcyWttltj^n Chant will UkepUoe this evening. A meeting with reference to the formation of a local Stock rrrtiangp win be held at Fort Adelaide tbi* evening. -Itr. ?. CaldweU, K.P.. will lecture on " The Condi tjotpf theOohW}," at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel ttSe evening. I {Mr. W. Gtorrie wUI address the Legislative Connci electors at Wat lonen* in the Hutdmaab Institute this evening. 6\. B McDonald, of Maryborough (Q), taya :—Kindly aend me a Waterbary Watch for a friend, I hare one which I boogfat in America fire years ago, and it u joat apleadid. 67? 