Short Men. The slio tman has suffered much at ho hands of writers of fiction. He is rnever allotted the part of the hero, though there is no valid reason why he should not be. Search through all the fiction you liko, and look up the iiHiues : luuy ureuu run, every one oi them, no matter whether they bo black, blue, grey, or tawny. This is what you read :— ? ' His tall presence overshadowed and protected her as the pine of the Apennines does the strayed, and bewildered lamb ' : or, ' His form far above the middle height, appe rel before her in tho moonlight, anil she knew that, whatever else happened, she was his for evor and over.'. It is only a very realistic writer who condescends to have a hero of ' average height,' and oven hois apt to forget himself . and make bis hero grow, long .after ho is pist twenty one, into a ' towering, form.' There is a special brand of humanity kept on tap for heroes, all of them men who would have delighted tho heart of Frederick tin Great, who is quite welcome to them, for all we care, ^On the othor huud, tho writer, \v\w\\\ he has an unsympathetic character to portray, nearly always makes him short. Look at tho ' rascally attorney ; ' he is always made an ' undersized ' innii, there is no reason why ho should be. And the writer, forsooth, never makes his really respectable villain, the man who does the bold murders, the kid nappings, and the big forgeries, par ticularly short ; only those of his villians are short who arc mean and contemptible curs, This is distinctly unfair. . It is hardly necessary to add that tho same writer, when ho wants a butt for the exercise of his wit, or for his other characters to piny tricks upon, takes a short man for the nurposej It is always a short man who is ass enough to fall in love with the heroine, without the ghost; of a chance, and who is cut out, if not kicked out, directly the hero appears ; his blighted hopes are made to look ridiculous, and after a humorous failure at an attempted suicide, ho is relegated for consolation to brandy and soda.— Tit Bits. 