O d d s and E n d s. A lady friend — A Quakeress. A deck-hand— The bridesmaid. A candid man — The confectioner. Boned for money — Codfish. Drawers of water—Marine artists. Well watched— A jeweller's window. A lay figure— A plaster cast of a hen. A patient man — One in a doctor's office. A ghost of a show— A spiritualistic seance. A bad scrape— An amateur's violin solo. The rain of terror---For a lady with an umbrella and a new bonnet. The first vacant lot has a " common " place appearance. A good after dinner speech — Here, Maria, hurry, l'm as hungry as a bear. The man who hales the cornet player, has been tootered in the school of the suffering. Working like a horse— A lawyer drawing a conveyance. A tender attachment is often followed by a train of disaster. A stuffed club — Any club rising from the annual dinner. A dentist ought to make an excellent farmer. He has made a study of roots. When a meter is out of order, it is probably troubled with the gas-trick fever. The geological character of the rock on which drunkards slip, is said to be quartz. A auctioneer cannot expect to have his own way. He must follow the bid dings of another. " Please, I want to buy a shilling's worth of hay." " Is it for your father ?" " Oh no ; it's for the horse." "There will be a domestic storm," he murmured, as he heard the crash in the kitchen. The glass is falling. When a man pays a pound for a little piece of quinine, it is hard to con vince him that it is a drug in the market. Requested to define the world "den tist," Saphir said ; " He is a man who pulls out other people's teeth to get something for his own to bite." One of the teachers recently asked a pupil what lbs. stood for. " Elbows, I guess," was the unexpected reply. It is all bosh about women being afraid to tell their age. The trouble is that people are afraid to ask 'em, and perhaps it is safer not to. Mother is always telling me not to bolt my food like small boy, "and now she has gone and bolted up the cup board that has got all the victuals." She (at the races) : What's the trouble at the judge's stand George ? He : There is some dispute over the last heat. She : Aren't their ther mometers all alike, George ? Mamie : What are you writing? Minnie ; your will, Minnie : No, I'm writing my won't. George proposed last night, and I told him I'd answer to day. "Listen to it !" exclaimed Mrs. Dawson at the concert, as the singers come out again in response to an encore. "Make 'em do it over again until they get the thing right." A Baltimorean has invented an auto matic dish cover, which opens without any assistance at table. It is pronounc ed to be a wonderful discovery. Small boy reading the paper : What is the weather report, pa ? Pa : There are several kinds, sonny. The thun der might come under the head of weather reports. Miss Belfair : You did not catch my name, Mr. Blunt ; I am Miss Belfair. Mr. Blunt ; What ? Not the beautiful Miss Belfair I've heard so much of ? The fisherman should happy be, Though hungry, cold, and wet, For untold wealth is in the sea, And profits all are net. Philadelphia dame at the table : My gracious. You are spilling that gravy on the carpet. New waitress cheerfuly : There's plenty more in the kitchen, mum. Grammar students advancing by declining. " Yes," bawled a social orator, " I am in favour of the early closing movement of the great mass of tailors." " Well, shut up now," yelled a practical auditor. Old lady (stopping open street car) : "Ye don't allow no smoking on this car, do ye ?" Conductor : " Certainly, madam ; take one of the back seats. Step lively, please." "Is it not singular," said he as he gazed at the mighty contract of Niagara, " that the seemingly insignificant quantity of moisture that arises from that vast volume of water, should be mist ?" Con for young Ladies —Which letter in the alphabet is of the utmost importance to a young lady, and why ? The letter "i," because upon it depends whether her life will be married or marred. It is very easy to start false reports. Just because a woman, while buying a broom, wanted one with a heavy and strong handle, it was reported by all the neighbours that she was in the habit of beating her husband. Teacher : " Have animals a capacity for affection ?" Class : " Nearly all." Teacher : "Correct. Now what animal possesses the greatest attachment for man ?" Little Girl : " Woman." " Did you know," said a cunning Gentile to a Jew, " that they hang Jews and jackasses together in Portland ?" " Indeed !" retorted Solomon, " den it ish vell dot you and I ish not dere. Something he Could Do.— Young Tiffles (faint-hearted) : Just think, angel mine, how poor I am. Why, what couId I make of you ?" She (bravely) : Well you could make Mrs. Tiffles of me, if you had any nerve." Groom (to bride ; they are waiting for the minister) : "Hadn't I better skip out and see what is the matter, my dear ? The minister should have been here 20 minutes ago." Bride : " No, George ; you stay right where you are. It Often Does.— " Gracious me !" said old Mrs. Bently, who was reading an account of a public dinner. " What's the matter ?" inquired old Mr. Bently. " What an awful amount o'toast these men do eat ! I should think it would make 'em thirsty." Sympathetic Old Lady (to convict) ; "Ah my unfortunate friend, your fate is indeed a hard one, and as she thinks of you here in this dreadful place, how your poor wife must suffer !" Convict (very much effected) : Wh — which one mum ? I'm up for bigamy." Teacher : " Johnny do you remember that proverb I gave you yesterday ?" Johnny : " No'm." " Speech is silver and — what is it ?" " I dunno, mum." " I know," spoke up my little boy at the foot of the class. " Very well, you may recite it." "Speech is silver, but money talks." Passenger : Is this train on time, conductor ? Conductor : One hour late. Passenger : Well, that's outrageous. I'm in a hurry to get to East St. Louis. Conductor : Have you ever been in East St Louis ? Passenger : No.Con ductor : When you get there, you will be sorry the train wasn't later. After the Theatre— He : " How did you like the play, Carrie ?" She : "It was just lovely. I don't know when I have passed so delightful an evening." " Did you ever see such fine scenery ?" "Yes — no— the fact is I didn't notice. I couldn't keep my eyes off that lovely bonnet that lady in the second row wore. You saw it, of course." " No, I was interested in the play." "Do you know, I don't think men are very obser vant." " Yes," said Smith, " it is a cheerless thing to be left alone in the world. I was left an orphan, and without a single relation to whom I could look for sym pathy in affliction. But the world is brighter now. I have seven sisters." " Seven sisters !" exclaimed Jones. " I thought you said you hadn't a single relation in the world." "I hadn't a few years ago, but I have seven sisters now. I've been rejected by seven girls.'' A difference of Opinion.— Brown : " I saw Dumley this morning and I don't think he was looking very well." Robinson, grimly : " I saw him too, and I thought he was looking extremely well. He owes me £1 , and he saw me three blocks off." An old Highlander was ordered by his doctor, not to exceed two ounces of spirit daily. He asked his son, how much that was. "Sixteen drams," was the reply. " What a guid doctor." said the Highlander. " Run and tell Donald M'Tavish and Big John tae cam doon the nicht.'' Deacon Williams : Brudder Jones, how did yer son come outen de trial? Brother Jones : De jedge done give 'im two munfs in de jeyul. Deacon Williams : 'Pears to me as if you oughter be pow'ful thankful. He got off mighty light, he did. Brother Jones : 'Twern't 's light's you seem ter think. Dey's a-gwinter hang 'im when de two munfs is up." . Hobbs : I say that Nobbs isn't a fit man to represent us. He is a notorious liar, and everybody knows he is a thief. I never can support such a man. Dobbs : Nor I neither. I wouldn't disgrace myself by voting for such a man. Fobbs coming up : Heard the news ? Nobbs has got the nomination. Hobbs : Has he ? Then we must do all we can to elect him. Dobbs : Of course. " Ma," remonstrated Bobby, "when I was at grandma's, she let me have two pieces of pie." "Well, she ought not to have done so, Bobby," said his mother. " I think two pieces of pie are too much for little boys. The older you grow, Bobby, the more wisdom you will gain." Bobby was silenced but only for a moment. "Well, ma," he said, " grandma is a good deal older than you are. " Selfish man.— Cultured Dame : "Just like a man. You grab the paper as soon as it arrives, keep it all to yourself, and then blame me for not being inform ed on matters of public interest." Husband : "Well, my dear, I'll read the paper aloud, if you wish. Let me see, Another Ocean Horror." "Oh, don't read that;" " The Progress of the Campaign." " I don't care for politics." "Issue of the Hour.'' "Never mind that." "Sciences Solves a Problem." " I hate science." " Mrs. Tiptap's Partv— Description of the Dresses." " Oh, read that." THE BEES AND THE PEASANT. A demagogue got among the bees, and alarmed them by the statement that the peasant, who had long cared for them, was sapping their lifeblood. " You toil early and late all summer long," he continued, " to lay by a store for winter, and no sooner does the frost come, this bloated capitalist proceeds to rob your hives ! You must rebel and show him that you are not slaves. !" This was in the spring. A delegation of bees at once waited upon the peasant. He had little to say in reply, but as the summer came on, there was great excitement in the hives. " I have been all over the farm," announced one, "and there's not a leaf of clover !" " And not a stalk of buckwheat !" added a second. "Not a thing from which we can extract honey !" put in a third. It was therefore resolved to call upon the peasant and inquire why those things were thus. He received the delegation kindly, and replied : " My friends, I furnished the hives and planted the clover and buckwheat, and you worked the stock up. While I took a part of your store to requite me, I have always left you plenty to live on. As you were dissatisfied, I have withdrawn my clover seed and buckwheat, and planted corn, and shall deal no more in honey. " But we cannot eat corn !" cried the bees. "Ah ! no ; but that is not my concern. Go to the demagogue." MORAL. They could not find him. He had gone to the fowls, to warn them that in laying eggs for their owner, they were making the rich richer, and the poor poorer. \---Detroit Free Press. 