'CLAEISE, OK, Which is the Man.' BY HENRY JOHN CONGREVE, Author of '? Old Jloadi,' ' Changf and Myittry.' ? A'uiingce' 'ATosfcte,' 'Jessica and Glendulph,' Gordon Daldergtone,' dc, «[-c. ?[?«. CHAPTER VI.— Continued. 'That's Max, I am sure,' said Sir Ricliurd, ' and he is appioaching with caution, However, I will let him know who is here.*' With that he cried, ' Cnrao forth, Max ; it is I, your friend !' '? All right, my hearty,' cried Max, as lie came m view ot ttie uut. ? i was told the cursed blacks had risen again, and so I. thought caution tho wisest plan. I 'know a good many of the tribes, but this one that is up now is a wild scrub trih* that I have never Been. But have you any tucker ? I am precious peckish.' Sir Richard laid before his guest some of the provisions which ho had brought wilh him: While he was eating the former examined him curiously. He noted the well -shaped head covered with black curly hair — the .sinister look of his face, rendered still more so by an ugly scar, and hid deep black beard. He noticed,, too,, his powerful frame, and thought within himself that lie would be no weak antagonist jn a struggle for life or death. ' He is just the man for my work,' he mused, ' I do not see anything else for it but to abduct Clariso. 1 must have her to secure her fortune, to which I have already the clue — and then — her brother— but that must do by-and-by. One thing at a time.' By this time Max had finished his repast, and having lighted his pipe lie turued to his host, ' Now, mate,' he said, ' it is just as well that we should start fair. What ever happened when we were in Adelaide on the spree is wiped out.' ' Of course it is,' replied Sir Richard, ' that is acknowledged — bnt — you made a slight mistake just now, I think — a lapsus lingua as it is called.' ' What do you mean,' replied Max, ' I know I often make mistakes — but what have I done now?' ' Oh 1 it was nothing,' replied Sir Richard, ' only you said we were on the spree — now, I never go on the spree, and consequently never get into scrapes.' ' Oh 1 you're a cold-blooded one, you are,' replied Max,? 'but I don't know that getting ou tlie 'spree ever led me into a scrape. Bat as I said, it will be better for us to Itart fair. Now, when we were in town together, not on the spree ? ' ' Now don't be angry if I correct you again,' replied 'Sir 'Richard, smiling — though his smile t was not t pleasant one — resembling that of a tiger— if a tiger ever suiiles— '-' one of us was on the spree^and that one was not L' ' Well/ hftfttVour own way. When we were in town together I never heard your name — that is yonr real name,' then ho gave a significant glance. 'Now, having told vyou I know this part of the countr^-aoid a good hiding place, you wished to meet me here so that we could talk freely over some thing you. .wanted done, and for which you are willing to pay; -ell.' ' Quite right, Max, quite right,' said Sir Richard. ' all proper and straight forward. Well?' Well, I want to know your real name, and that without any humbug, eaid Max. ? ' — ; ' Again you are: right, and your reasonable wish shall be gratified,' said Sir Richard after a pause, ' I had my reasons for concealing my name in Ade laide. ButWc&ftyOu; I do not Want any secrets. ^ffyv name is Sir Richard Polander.' 'Sir Richard Polander?' mused Max, ' where have I heard that name. Ah ! a pal told me that a fellow of that name was offering a reward for a youngster. I'll find it out by-and-by.' ' Well,' said BFr Eichfird, 'I have told you my name— my real name — and now you; should return the compliment. ? Whatisyojirs;?' ?' ' My jiame is Max Jawser, a thorough out-and-out tramp to those who act fair and square, but to those who deceive me a deadly foe^f . ' So I should judge from your ap pearance,' said Sir Richard, ' and you may depend I shall only desire to de serve your former qualities, and shall carefully abstain from calling out the latter. You see jn what we are going to engage there may be some danger to us both.i It will; be therefore neces sary that 'we should stick well together.' u JuBt bo, I'jns't so,' said Max, stirring the fire together, and putting on some fresh wood, 'nothing can be done if we suspect each other. And, by the way, I can't do anything without a nip. So if you have any spirits I should not mind a glass.' -:'.-? ' I'm afaud,;Max, that spirits will be yonr ruin,' said Sir Richard, as he handed him a large flask. -'Yon cannot keep a cool head while your heart is on fire with liquor.' / ; Max lifted the flask to iiis lips, but dropped it in a moment as an immense roar seemed to fill the air. Both men started to their feet and gazed anxiotiBtyin: indirection of tho sound. They conld then see through the thickening. ^glftfun n large herd of cattle coming^ in ~ their direction at a rapid pace. The roaring and snorting was from tyeni, and appeared to in crease as ;they approached. ' What is the matter?' cried Sir Richard Polander, 'I cannot make out what is causing such a commotion amongst the catUe 2' ' There's but one way to account for it,' replied Max, 'and that is that they are affrighted. Something has startled them. We saw them returning to the scrub from their drinking places quietly enough. -Something in. the scrub has frightened them and turned them back.' 'What can it be then?' anxiously enquired Sir Richard, ' I hear there «re no wild 'animals here that -would so frighten, them— junless 'wild dogs——' 'Wild dogs T' said Max with a low laugh, ' It isn't of wild dogs they'd be afraid. The wild dog that came in the way of their horns would stand but a poor chance of his life. But here they come. If they don't turn in, to the hut we must go, or to-morrow the eagles will be picking our banes.' And sure enough on came the herd, bellowing, and roaring, and tearing hither and thither. At one time they would make a rash as if straight for the camp — a few grizzly bulls loading the way. Then they would wheel round aud round. Presently two or three would break off, but fin- ding the rest did not follow would rush affrightcdly back and push their way into the very centre. At last, apparently pushed on by something from behind they made a determined chargf. to where our friends stood. ' Look out now,' said Sir Richard, ' here they come — come into the hut Max — come into the hut, there is danger outside.' ' Danger ? aye, there is danger,' re plied Max, ' hut not the danger you :lr«a-l. A few arm armfuls of dried leaves thrown on the fire would dissipate that danger. But look ! man — look !' he cried, seizing Sir Richard by the arm, ' look yonder — on the outskirts of the mob and you'll see where the danger is. See those dark objects ? Not there,' he cried, '? but there by that clump of mill lee — they are blacks — scrub blacks — the most treacherous and dan gerous of all.' ' Are they then so desperate ?' in quired Sir Richard, his eye brightening — for he was no coward. ' Yes, they are bad enough,' replied Max, 'but they would not be so bad if it was not for a white man that is amongst them. He escaped from gaol, and has been living with them ever since, and puts them up to a lot of mischief.' ' Ah !' was all Sir Richard said in answer. For spite of the dangers of their position his thoughts, ever inteat on how he could secure his ends, were busy as to whether it was possible to secure this man as an ally. ' They see us, man,' cried Max, ' and there is nothing hut a fight for it. Aud even if they had not seen us the very smell of the fire would have betrayed us.' 'Well, but,' replied Sir Richard, ' they have gone — I can see nothing of them now.' ' No, nor yon won't see them any more, and unless you speedily want a spear iu your ribs come into the hut.' With that Max began picking up their things and taking them inside. Sir Richard Polander still, however, stood without. He was watching the frightened herd. . They had come within a hundred yards ot the fire, and then had turned away and went off snorting in the direction of the scrub. He noticed, however, that two of them lagged behind the rest. They trotted for a little way, and then one of them fell down and rolled on his side and re mained motionless. The other speedily came to a halt, and his bellowing* were frightful. He tore up the ground with his horns and turned round and round, trying to reach his side with his head. Then he sunk on his knees. Still so savage was he that he continued to make the clods fly with his horns. Pre sently he uttered a prolonged roar, rolled over ou his back, his hoofs were seen kicking in the air for a moment, and then too he was quiet in death. Sir Richard had been watching all (his, and had not noticed some dark shadows scarcely to be distinguished from the surrounding bushes that were gradually creeping down in his direc tion. ? He had seen the last throes of the dying hull, and was preparing to enter the hnt into which he bad been repeatedly called by Max, when some bking whizzed by him, and then the air seemed to be thick with spears. A irild thrilling yell followed, and he beard a rushing through the bushes. Fortunately he was unwounded from the spears, and dashed at once into the hut, Lfae door of which was speedily closed and barred by Max. 'That was a narrow escape,' said Sir Richard, ' Oh, the brutes ! I wished [ had them here.' 'They will be here soon enough,' replied Max, ' and they are too many for us.' 'Well, 1 am well armed,' said Sir Richard, -( and have plenty of ammuni tion, and I've heard if you kill one or two the others will soon get dis lieartened.' ' Yes, but how will you kill them ?' isked Max. ' Do you think they will some into the open, and cry come 6hoot me ? You won't see more of them than they can help until you are forced to go imongst them, end then depend on it they will give you short shrift.' ' What do you mean ?' asked Sir Richard, ' they surely cannot force the bat.' ' Not by fair means or main strength,' suid Max, ' but they can use Sre and these pine logs will burn finely.' ' And what will you do Max ?' in quired Sir Richard, ' wonld it not be jetter for us to burst out at once and face the devils ?' 'Oli! I shall do well enough,' re plied Max, looking curiously at Sir Richard, ' never fear for me.' ' And if you do well — why should lot I!' asked Sir Richard, who began ;o suspect that Max had a secret nnder ?tanding with the savages, and intended o desert him. ' If you escape, what is x- hinder my escaping too ?' 'Well there is something to be irranged first,' said Max, ' but first jive me your gun.' Max had been dnring this conversa ion walking ronnd the hut and looking ound through the various loop holes. EEe had noticed a bush within a few rards of the hut, aud it seemed to grow tigger in bulk every moment. The light had now closed in, and it was oo dark to distinguish objects. He isteued intently, and thought he could tear a hum of low conversation. So he honght if it was only a bush it would lo no hurt to put a few shots in it ' What is your gon loaded with ?' le asked as Sir Richard handed it to lim. 'Only with shot,' replied Sir lichard, ' but I can eoon draw the harges, and put in bnllets.' ' Oh ! this will do as well just for a start,' said Max with a laugh, '? Now,' he said iu an undertone, ' for more blood — more blood — curse the old woman, how she is looking at me.' Hu was thinking of Lady Merton. He put the muzzle of the gun through the loophole, took a long aim and then fired. There was a shriek — a sufilc, an unmistakable curse, and as Max looked through the loophole he thought he could see some black figures stealing rapidly away. ' Ah ! Ah ! Jack Cronin,' he muttered in an uudertone, ' I thought you were there, and I believe you are hit. Well we are square now.' ' What have you done?' inquired Sir Richard, who had been anxiously waHiiug through another loophole, but his eyes being less accustomed to the darkness than Max's could detect nothing. He had heard the cry, and knew some body was hit. '? Oh ! not much,' said Max, '? only some of their skins will want mending. But that wou't cost much for doctors bills. A plaster of pig-face and clay wiil put them to rights in a couple of days. But listen*? Can't you hear how they are chattering ?' And they both listened. In the direction from where the sound came they could sec the slight reflection of a light. This evidently came from a fire in a hollow. Of course they at once knew that the blacks were now assembled around this fire holding council. ' And what will be the result ?' asked Sir Richard. ' Why, in a very short time you may expect to be burnt out like a 'possum.' ' Heaven forbid,' said Sir Richard, ' but you spoke some time ago as if you had a way of escape. What is it ?' ' Softly — softly, Sir Richard, ' re plied Max, ' if I save your life you must first swear that you will never reveal how I did it.' ' Why should I swear,' he cried, ' if you haves means of saving us, I don't mind the conditions. I cannot say I should like to die by the hands of those wretches, or be roasted by them either.' ' Come theu,' cried Max, ' it is time we were moving. For already I can hear them at work. They are gathering sticks in bundles to place around the hut so as to turn us out. Let us open the door and^fire at yonder bush. There is a scoutjthere I know watching us. A shot will frighten them all to a respect ful distance, and then we can get away.' ' But iu which direction ?' asked Sir Richard. ' By their fires they are all across the peninsula — and the river is running a banker, and we cannot escape that way.' ' Trust to me,' said Max, ' I have known this place for years, and I know what I'm about, I never place myself in a trap. I've always a way of escape.' ' Well I suppose it's all right,' said Sir Richard,j'at anyrate I cannot make my position worse.' This latter he muttered to himself, ' and I can soon bring this chap to reason.' With that Max stepped to the door, and looking about outside for a moment fired off both barrels of the gun. Then handing it back said, ' Follow me,' and walked out into the darkness. Sir Richard followed as well as he could. At first they went as slowly as possible so as to avoid any noise. When, however, they had got some yards away they quickened their steps. Sir Richard could now perceive they were walking on rising ground, and they soou emerged on the bare spot on the top of the cliff. Our readers will remember that on this bare spot was a solitary tree whose branches hung down over the face of tbe cliff. Towards this tree Max Jawser made his way muttering 86 he went, ' It's going to rain, and our tracks will be washed out. Won't the niggers be surprised. I wonder whether any of them saw roe. If they did they'll think I'm a ghost for they missed me here once before, and thought I was drowned in the river.' By this time they were close to the tree, and climbing on to the prostrate trunk Max held out his hand and assisted Sir Richard. ' Now,' said he, when they had crept along to the edge ;of^the cliff, 'I'll go first, then you hand yonr traps down, and then get down to me. Yon need not be afraid, the bough will bear ten such as we are.' Having got so far, Max left Sir Richard standing amidst a bower of leaves, and telling him to wait a few moments Max vanished from his side. Sir Richard's thoughts were none of the most comfortable daring the long time, as it seemed to him, that he was alone. He began to wonder whether his companion had turned traitor. And yet he conld not see what profit it wonld be to him. It would in fact be a loss. For had he not appointed to meet him so as lo find him a very lucrative employment ? Still his situation was a trying one. He was in a part of the country that he did not know — was suspended amid the branches of an overthrown tree, and could hear the river savagely running a few feet below him. He wished he was back again in England, and then he would have no more of these schemings. He had enough. Why should he frighten him self? There was no fear that anyone would turn him out. These, however, were only passing thoughts of the moment, for directly after his mind reverted to Ci arise, end his mouth closed with a snap, and his lips became compressed, as he murmured, ' Oh ! though all^— opposed I will fight to the last.' At that moment hs heard the voice of Max as if coming from a long way under the earth. The next minute he appeared bearing a lamp. He was standing in a low arch, the lop of which was formed of limestone, and which was close to the branch or fork on which Sir Richard was standing. ' Now,'' said he, ' hand me down the traps. Here we are safe for twenty years if we had the tucker. The niggers will never look for us here.' The saddle and other articles of Sir Richard's which they had carried with them from the camp were soon taken from the tree, and once more he found himself standing on solid earth. As he entered the passage he turned to look at the flace he had come from. The light shone --n a mass of green boughs forming a natural curtain in front of the entrance, but looking downwards — three or four feet below he beheld the muddy waters of the Murry seething and boiling sind washing with all the fury of a full riood. (To be continued.) 