obiginalpoetry. It Is Well with tbe Child. TfiEAD softly! spook lightly! for eomo on< hath aaia — ' Connie 7s dead." Thoro'a o sllont hush in tho family fold. Onr darling is dead and hor lips aro cold ; And a low wail comoB from tho darkonod room. whoro tho mother woopa by tho oouoh of doom; > Whoro tho sisters mourn for a sister's death,' And tho brother stands with abatod breath. bar darling is dead, and tho ohildron oreep « ,To tho silent oonoh whoro the othors woop, And gazo with a mnto and a wondorod staro I To tho plooo whoro thoir sistor lion silont \- thoro. Then tho mother roso from hor lost embrace,' ksdgazod on hor ohildron with stricken foco; -fhon sobhingly bado thorn oomo softly near | And kiss a "good byo" to thoir sister dear; There's a rattle abovo in tho gardon trees, And thero seems a voioo in tho oyonlng breeze ; Can it be tbe flatter of angol's wings ? And tho voice of an angel that sweetly sings P Forohanoo they havo oomo from their star-lit domo To oarry onr. darling, onr doarost, homo. 80 tho shadows oroop liko a silont ghost, And the twilight fadoa on tho distant ooast ; And tho old man sits in tho groat arm ohalr, Bowed down with tho grief or a groat dospair : And a great sob broake from bis anoiont breast, For bis darling is dead, yet porhaps it is best She should leavo him alono with his throo sooro years. Than travel liko him through this , world of tears. See. tho stars poop down from an azure sky, And tho night winds moon with a weary sigh ; Tho ohildron ore hashed In thoir snow-whito bod, Away from the room with its eilont dead ; And tho mother oroops to tho fathor, whoro Ha is sitting alono in tho old arm ohalr : Then she pours oat her griof by hor husband's side, Andthor cannot make out why. their darling " P earn to .thee, wifo." Thus .the old man \- spoke, . Tboogh sho knew by his voioo that he felt tho stroke; Thon her tears foil fast liko tho winter's rain, And her heart was oleft with a woeful pain. " Poooe to thoo, wifo." bat his voioo was low,' And ho likewise felt that his tears mast flow ; But they came not forth to his heart's reliof, And his strong framo shook with a tearless grief. 11 Onr darling is dead, bnt, oh wifo, why fret, And within the hoart with a vain rogrot P Though thy' grief bo soro, thoro aro others left Who will heal tho heart and its gaping oleft. " 'Annie and Trixle, and little Clom, ' . They are loft as still, so — oh think of thorn ! Xt is hard to part with tho babe, I know, Tot 'tis woll with the bbild.'! and was oven so. Dondar. Bfiflbano,'23th September, 1888. 