The Remorse of the Murderer. A private in the Royal Berkshire Regiment, stationed at Reading, named David Pilmore, has been arrested under remarkable circumstances ou a charge of murder. On the morning of April 29 there was a desperate poaching affray at Bads- worth, a village five miles from Pontefract, Two gamekeepers, named lilingworth and Copley, tracked a couple of poachers, one of whom was Pilmore, and the other a man named Roberts. One of the poachers carried a gun, aud in the course of a struggle between lilingworth and Copley, who was runniug up to his comrade's assistance, the keeper was shot in the body, and died soon after wards. A verdict of murder was returned against Roberts aud Pilmore, both of whom escaped, and a reward of £100 was offered for their apprehension. Diligent search was made, but the police were never able to come upon the men. The other morning a private in the Berkshire Regiment, who had enlisted not many weeks before under the name of Willman, was on seutry duty at Reading Bar racks. Another sentry, stationed twenty-five yards off, heard him cock his rifle, and asked him what he was about. Willman said he had just seen a ghost, and asked where it had gone to. The sentry laughed, but Willman, who was very serious, said it was the ghost of a man whom he had murdered. Then Willman, who was proved to be Pilmore, told the story of the poaching affray, and how he aud Roberts escaped the police. He said they suc ceeded in getting away from the locality, but in a wood somewhere between Leicester aud Reading Roberts was starving and utterly worn out and had died. He further stated that he had planted three twigs over the place where he buried Roberts, aud that be oould go and point out the place easily. He said lie continued to live iu the wood after Roberts was dead aud buried, in order to avoid the police. Theu he came to Reading aud decided to enlist. 'Ijhe story was repeated to a corporal, and Pilmore signed a written coufessiou. Communica tions were made to the Pontefract police, and a constable identified Pilmore, and he has now been removed to Pontefract for trial. 