|Dajbie0' ®oltimn« FEMININE FASHIONS AKD FANCIES. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, December 23, 1837. Gloves are subject to fashion's caprices, like other aitick-s ot drees. Suede kinds are no longer approved for full dress, but white dreeted kid gloves are. Not solely, however. Glc vee the color of the dreas, if pale, are con sidered good taste, and almond shades are j worn at other times wheu tbe contrast of white gloves would be too marked. Silk gloves, too, , are worn, and when they fit well no make of h and covering looks better. Some very pretty varia- ' ties have been introduced lately — a long white I silk glove with fancy top formed of gathers aud insertion of open work and silk embroidery. Very tasteful, too, is a fine silk glove in every color, rcund the top of which goes a wide frill of Spanish silk lace. This last addition is very becoming to the arm, and now that the sleeves of evening dresses are receding up varda so fast that they threaten to disappear altogether a little extra ornament on the gloves, which also increases their length, is desirable, though it can hardly be said to compensate for the literal ebortcomjogs above, A mere strap aud a. ftv-' knots of ribbon are all that fashionable UiuiUtLS consider necessary to cover the tt-ouMer and arm immediately below that joint. A little extra clothing, if I mty so cill it, for tbe neck is. however, a feature of present fashion. It may be a moderately wide band of black velvet, fastened with a claBjj of brilliants cr paste diamonds, or a ribbon tied simply round tbe throat. A lace lappet with the ends qute short and tied in a neat bow is another fashionable device for dressing the neck. Whilst on the subject of evening dress I may say that a bow on the side of a fan adds very much to the elegance of its appearance. The newest bows are made of ribbon about two inches wide and with looped edges. With loops and dovetailed ends arrange a bow some what resembling a starfish of moderate size; attach to the back two long ends of ribbon, let them fall negligently between the bow and the handle cf the fan, round which t trine the re maining ribbon, finishing with a pretty knof half way up on the handle. I believed I have remarked on the recent taste for red material; even brides are choosing red dresses, but I donot greatly approve of that selection. I see a Welsh lady who was married last week wore a red velvet overdress above a petticoat of Honiton lace, the bridesmaids being dressed in cream-colored silk, thus en tirely reversing the usual order of things. It - is not common to see the bride dressed in ' darker color than her maids. By the way, the newest bouquet-holders for bridesmaids are slippers made of rushes, much trimmed with ribbon; they are slung over the arm and of course filled with flowers ; their cost is about a guinea each from the floral depot, which seems rather a large sum. Ribbon velvet is used to tie bouquets made up in the usual way, or a fine lace handkerchief may be tied about the flower .stems instead. A very pretty wedding was solemnised last week at Kensington, the bridesmaids at which wore dresses of silver grey surah and plush, bonnets of grey silk lined with cherry -colored velvet. It is curious how suddenly and completely the conjunction of black and red has seized on the fancy of faehionmongers. No other com bination has been bo popular for a long time, and is certainly effective when the complexion and hair are favorable. With train and bodice of red silk (poppy-red surah preferably) and black lace skirt a charming dinner or evening toilet ib obtained, and in the hair is worn a tiny piece of red ribbon crumpled on the top of a hairpin, a small osprey standing erect in the middle of the bow. I may re mark that small upright bows of ribbon mounted on hairpins and matching the dress eoler are the most fashionable of all head trimmings. I read with bated breath at the daring of the wearer — a recent bride— whose travelling costume was a dark blue serge dress, over which a scarlet covert coat was worn, topped by red cloth hat. Bed hosiery is also in great favor, and is invariably worn when seal let appears in the dress-trimming or as part of the dress material itself. Many perEons think they can wear red, yet it is cer tainly tryic-g to not a few who nave no mis givicgB whatever on the point— pale, sallow \ women, for example. There are reds and i! reds, however, and difference of shade ia mo it I important. -Scsdet wiit suit one, ratij- aaotitcr ; ^ the purple tones in some reds are most diaas- f trous to certain complexions. White is tra- ; ditionally the- color for brides, and white cloth i dreeseB are not unsuitable for the time of . year; nor is a gown -of this kind so unbecom- ; ing as might be supposed if a collar and other - trimming of golden beaver be worn. I have just seen a bride's dreBs with a little out-of ? ? door jacket trimmed with this fur, bonnet to correspond, and muff also; shoes and hosiery j of tan color, to tone with the beaver. It was : quite an ideal costume. ' WK '? we consider how many thousand lamps ouusuming mineral oils are being used in England and elsewhere, I wonder that we do not bear of more casualties, considering the inflammable nature of the oil. Some of the lamps in question are exceedingly dangerous. ? I have heard it asserted upon good authority ! that one-fifth of the fires occurring to property in London are attributable to accidents with lamps. A child or careless domestic often upsets one, or a thoughtless person has endeavored to extinguish the flame by blowing down the chimney. la each case — the last- mentioned one especially — the re eult, as moet people are aware, is generally very disastrous, often causing loss of life and - other casualties. Of late years I have been accustomed to use gas, but having heard so much in praise of the safety lamps invented by a Belgian, I invested in one, and can testify to , their worth — at least mine amply justifies the ! praises bestowed upon this particular make. - In fact, I can find no fault with it. I have , seen several in use. The one I purchased is a I reading lamp. The flame is very brilliant, ! but the opaque glass shade sheds a soft light : around. Of course the lighting capacities are '- regulated by the size of the burners and the j quantity of oil consumed. My lamp is of i moderate size, constructed of polished brass, { and fitted with a 10-inch opal shade, j It gives a light equal to twenty stan- j dard candles, consuming about a pint of j oil in seven or eight hours. The mineral ! oil recommended for their use coBts from la, to Ib. 6d. per gallon. The first-mentioned price is ; charged for wholesale quantities, from five \ galionB and upwards, so that the expenditure i per night is trifling compared with gas. For \ bedroom use little band lamps may be pro- ' cured, consuming even less oil — about 1 pint ! in 38 hours. Its illuminating powers are equal - to ten candles. The oil receptacle being metal, \ there ie no fear of accidents. Although chess \ lamps are remarkably free from smell, I donot \ recommend their use or gas for burning all : eight in sleeping apartments, the old-fashioned \ tallow dips or other' makes of candles being \ lees injurious to health. Should the safety \ lamp be upset the light goes out, the oU ? cannotbespilled, andthereservoirbeingof metal \ it is not liable to fracture. As a proof of its ! safety I may mention an instance that came ) ucder my notice lately. Several little children I were left by their nurse alone in the nursery. \ The little ones dining their play accidentally ;; upset a lamp of this description. The crash. ; of the glass globe and the sudden darkness \ frightened the children, their Ecreama recalled ' the nurse, who guessed what had occurred, ', and not knowing the safety properties of the \ lamp dreaded the results of the miehap. One ? can guess her thankfulness when she saw that ; her worst fears were not realised— the room wasnotin flames and the little ones were unhurt, ! only frightened. Had the lamp been one of , tbe ordinary kind generally used in country houses it is possible that the poor children would have been burned to death before the nuree had time to rescue them. I think for nursery use a suspended light is ad vieable. , Twelfth Day customs are now lees zealously observed than those which attend the earlier festivals of Christmas and the new year. Few pr 1 pens seem to know why there is any cale bifttion of Twelfth Day. It is geaerally sap- ' posed to have originated with King Arthur, who established twelve days after Christmas as holidays, of which Epiphany was the last. These twelve days were dedicated to the twelve apostles, and it was customary in some parts of England for cne large and twelve Email fires to be lighted on the eve of the Epiphany, intended to represent our Lord and Bis apostles. The fire for Judas Iscariot was put out aB soon as lighted and the ashes scat- ; texed about, but the remaining twelve were ' allowed to burn as long as possible, various , inferences for the ensuing year being drawn : from the manner in which they burned, ' 1 do not approve of keeping diaries. It is : useful, certainly, to make a few memoranda, ! but not an exhaustive entry of one's feelings | and opicions. Time often changes both, and it ; iB not well that private records should paas into | the hands of others, who may misinterpret and j turn them agaimt one's self, as has so often ; been done. I kept a careful and elaborate diary 101 nine years. A day came when it was necessary I should look over what I had written. Could tlie writer of the last have penned the first diary ? I might have doubted had I not ! memory and the evidence of my eyes to prove identity. As a rule our present self, wiee ia the light of alter knowledge and more ex perience, looks down with scorn and contempt on the Eelf that was less mature. At all events ' I felt so humiliated by what I read that I mado a grand' holocaust of 10 years' diaries, and have never kept anything approaching a record of : juy doings sitce. I do npt 66t up for an authority, but I am of opinion that whatever inconvenience I have Buffered or am likely to euffer from not keeping a diary is more than counterbalanced by the thought that none exietB to rise up like a ghost of the past and condemn me under my own hand. Oae cannot help reading animosities and disruptions that ougsht never to foe chronicled ; aad though oce may Bay what one likea about oneself - wisely or unwisely — onft has no right to make history of the actions of others, nor to sit in judgment upon them, giving them naturally tLe color which our interpretation puts upin them. The keeper's diary is n'.-t tnerefore a purely personal thing, and had best ba Ie5 alcte. Jfach year when I see li*te of c -inpr9- heneive diaries for sale I shudder when I tbink of the undoing they may be instrumental ia bringing about. Almanacs aad diaries are pi od teed simultaneously, aud the former are certainly useful, without any of the dravbicks which attend the other puolication. The first almanac in Eogland was prmtci in Oxford in 1673. There were, nays an autho rity, nearly thirty thousand of them printed, beside a shett almanac, fur twopence, that was printed for that particular j ear. because the novelty of the issue cjused tudi a preat sa!e that a second smaller rdition at a cheaper rate had to be thrown off. The Society of Book sellers boueht the copy, in order to keep the profits in their o«n hands. We should regard tbe almanac as a general referee, without which humble eccyclopsaJia no household, eeen the ttost illiterate, is found. I wonder how is was possible to carry on the business of life without its modest assistance. Most persons like oysters, and there are many ways of serving them beside that simplest of all — a dreBsiDg of pepper, vinegar, and salt. Eaten thus only the best oysters are ad mieBible; but cooked oysters, provided they are fresh, need not be W hits tables, I think. Oysters may bo kept several days by feediug. A cloth should be laid over them, and a little ealt and water supplied from time to time. Some persons feed with a sprinkling of oatmeal in tbe water, and I have seen oysters become fat on the proceed, but am told they de teriorate in flavor though they gain iu size. A nice little impromptu sapper dish is tbe following : — Take freth oysters of good size, and cut extremely thin as many raBhera of bacon as there are oysters, season, aud roll each ojeter in bacon, skewer neatly, put ia a, til}, aud bake in a slow oven; serve on hot butttitd toast. Another dainty duh, good enough to set before a king, is made thus : — Take potted ham aud incorporate with fiae bread ciun.ba and beaten egg; mould in a detsett i-poon, and fry in hot fat ; serve on sippets of fried bread and with rashers of bacon. Three Spanish onions baked and Eervtd with dressiog of oiled butter, pepper, salt, cayenne, and grated cheese mike a delicious if homely supper dish. Some people bc.il their tuikeys, but I fully agree with the first two lines of an old rhyme respecting this mode of cooking a turkey. It reads thus :— Turkey boiled is turkey spoiled, And a turkey rout is turkey lost. But for turkty braised the Lord be praised. The process of braising gives additional flivor to all meats, and should be applied to any pc ultry or meats which are of a dry and flavor less nature. Even old, dry, and tough meats and poultry may be rendered more tender aad juicy by being submitted to thia procass. Families who have not tbe convenience of a biaising-pot may obtain the same effect if they tut the-meat in a pot and cover close, placing it in a moderate oven, where it should be allowed to stew very gently until cooked. Proceed thus Stuff the bird as folio era: — Mince four ounces of beef suet, mix with it half a pound of breadcrumbs, pepper, salt, and the squeeze of a lemon. Boil a Ecore of chesnuts, free from brake, and pound in mortar; combine with two eggs well beaten. Then put the bird in the pan with two carrots, one turnip, three onions, a little parsley, four cloves, a blade of mace, and a few peppercorns ; moisten with sufficient stock or water .to cover and let it einimer in a slow oven two hours, basting well in its own liquor. When cooked drain and place inabaking-dishandset in an oven to glaze, basting often with its own extract. When the turkey presents a rich glossy surface dish aud serve. Thicken the liquor and pour over. Few persons make apple sauce properly, yet pork, goose, and ducks are served with it. The following is a great improvement on the kind usually set to table: — Feel a pound of apples, cut in slices, remove the core, put in a stewpan with four ounces of white sugar, one ounce of butter, two tables poonfuls of water. Stew gently over a slow fire. 