' THE MELBOURNE PROVINCE ELECTION. I _,__ On Tuesday, May 22, the election for the vacancy in the representation of the Melbourne Province of the Legislative Council, caused by the death of Dr Hearn, will be held The candidates for the seat are Mr James Service, ex- Premier of Victoria, and Mr Robert Byrne the boundaries of the electorate are as follow - Commoners: at a point on the Yarra River at Trim es bride- thence south easterly by the Bright ton road to High street thence by that street to the Punt-road , thence north by the lastnamed road to the Yarra River aforesaid thence easterly and northerly by that river to a point due east of Victoria street thence west by a line by that street and > to toria parade to Nicholson street thence north by that street to Park street Brunswick, thence west by the lastnamed street to the Moonee Ponds creek , thence southerly!) by that creek to the licence l road thence so later easterly by that road an 1 1 like beth street to Victoria street aforesaid thence west by) that sire said a line in continuation thereof to the Melbourne and Mount Alexander railway) thence westerly) by that railway to the west boundary of the it of Melbourne took on south by that boundary to he main road from Melbourne to footscray thence westerly b) theatres to the east boundary of the township of Footscray thence south by part of the east boundary of that township to the area Uli er aforesaid and thence south easterly) and easterly) by) that river to the commencing point The divisions of the electorate are Carlton South, Eastern lull,lawkner park Jolimont, railway, Richmond North Richmond bouth, Royal park, and North Carlton be Francis a, St James 7, St Mar) 3 St, Patrick's, St Pauls, and the University The number of electors on the roll is 15 COO ratepayers, and 98 non ratepayers Ino qualifications of electors, who must be above the age of 21 years, areas) freeholder of land or tenements in one and the same province, rated at not less than 150 per annum (2) Lessees or assignees for the unexpired period of any term originally created for a period of not less than five years of any lands or tenements rated at not less than £25 a year i% tenants rated to the yearly value of £20 (4) Owners or occupiers of premises sufficient to give each the foregoing qualification (5). University graduates, legal and medical practitioners, ministers, certificated schoolmasters military and naval officers and matriculated students the present members for the district are Sir James Lorimer and Mr C J Ham the candidate who may be elected at. the of Birth coming contest will have to retire in September next. The polling booths will be open from 8 a. m till 5 pm and will be provided at the following places - CARLTON home -The Carlton Hall, Princess street EASTERN HILL The Protestant hall E hibition and Little Collins-street. FAWKNER PARK Schoolroom Millswyn Street JOLIMONT -Drillroom Victoria i Trade, and row left street, ltAicviAT -State Schools Latrobe street west, near Spencer street Richmond CLMRAI.-Temperance hall Church street, on full HiciiMosn NORTH Court house Bridge road Richmond) bourn Manchester Unity Hall, Church street RovAt-rARII AND CARLTON-Mr Chamberlains oHlocs in the flat market and Academy of Dancing, Rathdown street, bun cert Freeman and Renwick streets. ST FRANCIS a Manchester Unity Hall, Swanston street ST J AVIES 3-St. James s schoolroom, Bourke street west ST MART I St John s schoolroom Latrobe street, near Elizabeth street. ST 1 TRICKS - St. Patrick's Hall. Bourke-street HUSt. ST PAUL s Atheneum hall Collins street east VNITEIISITV -Drillroom Grattan street Carlton MR. SERVICE AT RICHMOND FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION Mr Service addressed a crowded meeting of electors of the Melbourne Province at the Richmond town hall last evening and met with a most favourable reception In the unavoidable absence of the mayor Mr G K Bennett, ex-mayor, presided, and in introducing the candidate remarked that Mr. Service had been successful in both commercial and political life and was well-known and respected in England as well as in Aus- tralia Mr SERVICE who was heartily cheered on rising to address the meeting said that he had never appealed on the hustings with so barren a programme as on the present occasion (Laughter ) In the absence of better topics he would indulge in a little friendly criticism of the speech which his opponent Mr Byrne, delivered at the Atheneum Mr Byrne said he expected to havcawulkovcr because conteBte thereon stituency and was defeated six or seven years ago (Laughter ) That was a most curious process of reasoning (Hear, hear) The fact that Mr Byrne was defeated at the last contest was a very substantial reason why he should not get in on the present occasion (' Hear, hear, and laughter ) Mr. Byrnes new doctrine would be most delightful to the numerous gentlemen who had contested seats throughout the colony without success, because if it were adopted every man of them would find a sent in the Legislative placed at his disposal (Laughter ) Mr II) me thought he ought to be returned because he had a claim on his party (Hear hear ) He (Mr Service) also said Hear hear to that because it was a sound and logical argument (Hear hear ) But the mischief was that Mr Byrne had got no party now (A voice-' Oh yes he has. ) Of course Mr Byrne had plenty of friends, and he deserved to have plenty of friends (hear, hear-but Mr Byrne represented but one old part) whilst he (Mr Service) represented both the old parties (Laughter and Oh, oh ) Therefore if Mr Iljrnehad one claim because nercpresentenoneparty, theißr. best ice) have! a double drum because be represented both. (Laughter ) Political Parties in the colony had disappeared, or rather they had shaken hands all round, and Parliament had been devoting its time to those material interests of the country which tended to the progress made profit of all sections of the community. (Cheers) 'The colony had enjoyed a long period of peace and prosperity, and a man with a pocket full was happier without politics than if filled with politics and his pockets empty. (2 Hear, hear, and laughter ) Dr. Byrne said that he was come to time at this contest on the question of protection and free trade. (Cheers) 'That statement had ' not elicit very much Applause (A Voice : "Oh, yes it does; wait till the day of the poll,") But before Mr. Byrne could fight he must have a foe Otherwise he was like a man beating the air, or, as in that very case, fight was a ghost. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr. Bj rue was fighting a ghost, because the Legislative Council had nothing whatever to do with either free trade or protection. That battle had been fought long ago, and won, and if it were possible to morrow by his own will find determination to transmogrify the policy of the country and retire free trade against the wishes of the inhabitants, he (Mr bence) would not do it (Cheers 5 he believed he could say without fear of contradiction that the freetraders as a whole had practically submitted themselves to the fixed and settled policy of the country. (A Voice: "You opposed protection") That was quite true ; but because he opposed protection 15 years ago, he tens not thereby disqualified to represent the electors of the Melbourne Province in the consideration of other important questions in the Legislative Council. (Hear, hear.) He was free to admit that protection had apparently not injured the material prosperity of the country (Cheers ) Both parties professed to seek the greatest happiness of the greatest number. The pro- tectionists san! protection had produced a large portion of the prosperity which this colony had enjoyed, but he contented that the protection policy had yet to pass through a condition of things which would put it to the test, and determine whether it could be continued as the permanent policy of the country Before many years passed over protection in Victoria would be submitted to a crucial test Hitherto this colony had been able to command the markets of the other colonies, but those markets would be shut against us it the other colonies adopted the policy of protection which was in vogue In Victoria. One by one the other colonies were closing their markets against us (Hear, hear.) South Australia had already shut us out by imposing taxes similar to those imposed on manufactured articles and natural products imported into Victoria. New Zea land threatened to follow suit, Queensland had declared burst li in the same fashion, and New South Wales, although the electors recently put a free-trade Government in power by a lame majority, had, since that at cut, shown strong indications that the principle of protection was milking headway there (Hear, hear.) Victorians could not find fault with the people of the other colonies adopting the principle which was popularly thought to be advantageous here (Cheers) li the protection policy of Victoria passed through the dificulty that was looming ahead, it would establish itself firmly, but the difficulty was that if Victoria lost the markets of the other colonies through the imposition, of heavy duties there, where should we find a, market for our surplus products? (2 Hear, hear," and cheers ) "With regard to the ChincflO difficulty, he thought the time had come when the colonies should legislate for the entire exclusion of Chinese, but there, was no need to go into a fit of the stones over the question. (Hear, hear ). It would be far better to discuss it quietly and calmly, and, IIB sober. thinking men, to deliberate and IIOVIBO the best means of keeping them put (Cheers) A treaty like that which -SA concluded between the United States and China would give the colonies all they could stories. (they, hear.) He regretted exceedingly the lnjiauuKe used by a leading stating his >___¡_u__" colony with regard to the mother country, because that language was childish in the extreme, and calculated to prevent rather than to hasten the end which all the colonies desired. (Loud cheers.) As one who was proud to call himself an Australian he felt inclined to blush for this great and grand country, which he had lately been praising so much in the mother land. (Hear, hear.) He would most strongly deprecate nil talk about separation from the British Empire. (Hear, hear ) England exacted nothing from the colonies which they were not prepared to give, and Australia exacted a great deal more than England liked to concede, so that the advantages of the connection were altogether on the side of the colonies, and the connection ought to be retained as long as it was to the mutual advantage of both countries. (Cheers ) In answer to questions, Mr. bLuvici. said that he was asking the electors of the Melbourne Province to return him to the Legislative Council for the express purpose of keeping out of all Ministries He had not the slightest intention of becoming a member of any Ministry whatever. The reason for raising the salary of the agent general was a Cabinet secret, and he would not reveal it, (Laughter.) The charge of corrupting members of the Legislative As- spmbiy was never proved against Mr Justice Kerferd, although it was accepted as true by Mr Kerferd then political enemies, and had been hurled against him ever since by those who remained his enemies. Mr. Kerferd was appointed to the bench because the Government believed him to be thoroughly fit for the position, and Parliament almost unanimously endorsed their opinion. (Cheers.) He had Known Mr. Kerferd for many years, and the hon. gentleman had been before the public as Attorney) General of Victoria for a longer period than the other man in the colony. (Cheers ) Mr. Kerferd distinguished himself in many cases, especially in appeals to the Privy Council, where he had generally come off v victorious. One of the judges remarked to me the other day that "although Mr Kerferd does not know so much common law as we do, he knows more statute law than any of us." (Cheers ) He (Mr. Service) was not in favour of granting free passes for life to members of Parliament, That was a most outrageous proposal. It was all very well to let members of Parliament have free passes while they were members, but not after, (Hear, hear.) He could not express an opinion on Mr Shiels's Divorce Bill, being in England when the measure was under consideration. On the motion of Mr. R S. Inglis, seconded by Mr J. V. Lancashire, a vote of confidence was passed by an overwhelming majority, and a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings 