The Fatal Likeness. CHAPTER X.— rCon(,nu«U Slowly, and with a steadr motion of lior head, Eleanor turned her face, now fearfully lirid, full on her trusted friend, as if sho would search her soul, then, like a moving statuo, with slow and measured steps, advanced and stopped within an arm's length of her husbands person, and, with a steady scrutiny, surroyed each foa- tnre of bis wclf-romumborcd faco, and then, with a groan so deep, as if it rent her heart to giro it uttoranco, sank, like a suowdnft, lifeless at lit foot. Tho spoil was broken and tbo charm dissolved. " My Ood ! my God ! " criod tho distracted husband, " what dooi this mean ? Martha, if you are human, apeak to me ; tell mo, I itn- ploro you, tho meaning of this change; iny heart's on firo with tho wild fears that distract too. Speak, woman, speak I" " 1 ambowilderod — I know not what to thiok or say," cried Martha con fusedly, as sho knelt by her tnistro", and placed ber bead upon ber knee. " I'm lost in wonder !" 'Answer me, woman!" exclaimed Reginald in a voice hoarse and hollow from emotion, "Is alio not about to bccotno a mother, do you hear — a mother, and not by mo, her husband ?" and the words seemed to choke him, ai they struggled through his swelling throat. " Unsay that horrid word, or you will drive mo mad, sir l" shrioked'tho alarmed domestic, laying dowu the body of her mistress. "Triflo not with mo, woman, for where my honour's touched 1 am merciless." "Answormoono word, then, and, as you hope for morcy, answer mo truly," replied tho attondaot, risiog from the ground and confronting her master, as she pointed solemnly up wards with her hand. " l>id you not leave this house three hours ago ?" "Novor, since 1 quitted it ctovon months back, has my shadow darkened these halls," responded Ko- ginald with serious gravity. A loud scream burst from Martha's Hps, as sbo criod in wild terror, " Merciful Heaven, then wo bavo been deceived !" "Deceived!" cxclaitnod Vornon, with a sardonic laugh so loud and harsh that Martha's blood grow cold to hear it. "Deceived! ba! ha! an excellent device!'' "Great heaven, wo have bocn be trayed !" sho repeated in an agony of despair, and unconscious of tho withering scorn upon her master's faco, ortlio cuttiog irony of his reply, "and, there," she continued, wildly, as she raised her eyes to the casement, "Thero! behold! either your embodied ghost, or the destroyer who has ruined us !" and sbo pointod eagerly to a horseman, who at tho moment passed the window. A cry, tuoro liko the shriek of tho hyena than tho utterance of a human voice, burst from tho breast of Vernon I as ho recognised tho form. j "Ahvc! u alter! Ah, now I soo the accursed plot. Villain' monster! you shall not escape: by sea or hind I'll hunt you through tho world ; " and rushing furiously from tho house, ho threw himself upon his already exhausted horse, and burying his spurs in its reeking Hanks, dashed headlong in pursuit of his cousin. Walter, however, had already turned and fled, and was some distanco bufuru Reginald had mounted. At tho en trance of the avenue ho was encoun tered by Johnson, who had in vain sought to apprise his master of the suddeu arrival of tho outraged hui-band, and his escape from all tho schemes their villainy had plotted. For more than an hour tho pursuit was followed with all tbo furr that the fiercest jiassiou could instil into thobuman breast, while, with clonchod hand and goadifig spur, Reginald urged ou his stumbling horse, till, mad with pain, tua irritated least' sprang under his load, and rushed with frantic speed, foaming and hlecdiog, liko a demon ehargor. But, better mounted, and drivcu to their fullest mottle, tho pursued had, for a time, kept good advantage of their start, and loft a wide space between themsolves and tho infuriated husband, but tho head long pace of the following horso, now at tho highest stretch of spood, soon made that distanco loss, and a few moments more at such a rate would have placed them breast to breast. Already Regi nald's heavy whip was raised to strike, when, with a leap that took htm high abovo tho ground, his horso, with a gasping sob, fell dead, dashing his rider to the earth, and deluging him with the blood that gushed tiku a tide from tho wide nostril and foam ing mouth of tho fallen steed. Kick with bailled passion aud un requited vuugeauco, Reginald roso, palo anil trembling. His foo had already escaped, and in his presont state pursuit was vain, and, with mioglcd feelings of rage and hate, ho slowly and gloomily returned to his now desolated homo. CHARTER XI. With tho privilege of authorship, wo must learo for a time the further progress of Reginald Vernon in tho pursuit of his treacherous cousin, and return for a brief snaco to the con sideration of the otnor characters in our lifo's history, and particularly of Edgar and Dccimus, tho other two of our chiof actors. Tho timo, in its actual aoquonce, being about eighteen months prior to iho eoiiclufiuu of our last chapter and ihj event w« ore about to record, that circuinManco to which Mrs. Went uorth alluded in bor interview with liecimui I'aulknor. For this purpose we must request the render to accompany us to the romantic borders of Yorkshire, whore, situated inn beautifully wooded park, surrounded by lofty oaks and nerds of stately deer, stood tho long, irregu lar, but picturesque mansion of Sir Robert Wcntworth. Its gothic porch, Elizabethan win dows, and quaintly groined doors were half hid by tho denso ivy that, swooping along the building, em braced tho extended walls, giving here and thero partial glimpses of the warm stone boncath, parting round thohigh easements, and forming bowors over tbo arched ' doorways, thus giving to tbo mansion, when reen from a distanco, tho appearauce of being embosomod in luxuriant foliago. It was towards sunsot on a sum mer's evening whon Edgar Woutworth dismounted from his horso in front of tho porch of his uncle's residence, and having thrown tho reiu to a groa:u who, summoned by the lodgo bell, ran forward with a glad smile to receive it, raying, as he patted the horse's neck— — - "I here plaguy glad to see your honour's self again. Loonl, Maxtor Edgar, how primo you bezc grown ! It does a body good to soo you liko. Loord, I bcr.o main glad." " Thank you, Ralph, thank you ; and how does tho good dame ? Any more little pledges, eh, Ralph ?" in quired Edgar laughing. " Oh, abo boos purty tidy, zor, tbankco for axing. Loonl, zor, sho'e Eotton another little un oin' you wcro ore." " Indeed, you got on thrivingly." " Voce, lie thrives mainly, no won- nor itlior ; ho oats liko a trencher- man. You'll God zor Robert in tho oak chamber, tho' ho bo main tosty ; but John's likely in tho hall, andho'll show you tbo way, tho' for that mat- tor you could find it out yorsol'. Looru, I am glad. Come away, beauty," and as the groom led off the horse, Edgar ascended tbo stops of the Eorcb, and entered tho fino gothic all or vestibule. A largo, deep window of the Tudor order, divided into twolvo compart ments by atono (millions, and sub divided by carved oak framings, wore filled with diamond panos of glass, the upper series being stained with tbo nclicet shades of vollow, bluo, and crimson in soft anA mellow colours, whilo in tbo centre of each com partment was emblazoned tho arms of tbo family. A long, marble table, supported on cbasod legs, stood beneath tbo window, and directly op posite rose a lofty, heavy, oak chimney- picce, embellished with grotesquo figures, and surmounted by a large, circular, convex mirror in a massive, scolloped frame. An open screen of black oak, panelled with short, fluted, Doric pillars, rose in thrco compartmouts to within a few feet of the coiling, and divided mto two parts (tie spacious vestibule. An open, archod doorway, surrounded with wreaths of cirred flowers, pierced this beautiful parti tion in tho centre, while on one sido a flight of soma eighteen stops, guarded by heavy balusters, aud sur mounted by two hugo wolves on pedestals, ascended to a second arch, equally ornamcntod, oror a landing which branching ofl to tho right, led to tho drawing room and state apart ments. Tho high, fiat roof was parted into numerous squares, and subdivided into diagonals, octaves, and pentagons, whilo from orory alter nate space and row depended carved pendants, tho whofo exquisitely painted in buff and blue, and heightened at their points, junctions, and centres with rosettes and lines of burnished gold. Twolre high-backed clmirs, with bluo and crimson damns k goals, were arranged in stately order round the hall, tho floor of black nad white marblo being divided into large, diamond slabs of so high a polnh as to reflect like glass tho objects on its surface, and mado walking almost dangerous. A low, gothic door, with a girtb of stone cable, terminating in lions' beads, piercod the wall at tho extremity of the hall, and seen from tho entrnnco in tho perspective through tho doorway of tho inter vening screen, appeared too low and narruw for ordinary traffic. Thrco pictures inhcAvy oak frames hungeach sido of tho chimney, one the portrait of Sir D'Arcv Wcntworth. as iarco as life, in tho half armour of tho time of Charles tho First, when, in It! Rf, after tho battle of Edgehill, ho was created tho first baronet of the namo; Up) other was that of Edith, the beautiful wifo of Sir D'Arcy. A grim monk with his cowl thrown back, exposing his pale and hollow chocks aud tonsured head, represented one of tho ancestors of tho bouso who, after tho lost bnttlo of llarnct. doomiug tho Lancastrian cause hopeless, reuounced the sword, and devoted his days to prayer and tho cloister. A Dutch landscape, with the portraits of Sir llildcbrand aud his wifo Dorothea, Sir Robert's grandfather and grand mother, completed tho history of tbo pictures. (to nt cosTixmn) 