One Night of My Life. t \- uAELiKQ amce,—I will try and be with you to-night My business takes me ; to a small town about twenty miles from ; your house, and 1 could not bear to be so •ear to you without looking into your sweet eyes and hearing you say that you are true to me, so I shall ride over in tbe afternoon, and. God willing, shall hold you in my arms tonight. Having dispatched my diy's business and sent this letter to my sweetheart, 1, tbe Jack therein mentioned, hastened to hire a horse for the purpose ef riding the twenty miles which separated me from Alice—my betrothed bride. As my business—which was that of a travelling agent for a prosperous house—obliged me to be often away from home, a chance like this to see Alice was very precious to me. It was six o'clock in tbe evening when 1 I otarted out on my horse from the door of the * inn where I bad been stopping. In vain I was it that the landlord tried to dissuade me; * his account of the lonely and desolate road, and of the frightful things which had happened on it, of the murders and midnight horrors which hung over it, could not turn me from my purpose. Even the thought that I must pass by the haunted rock in the dark, alone, and with no hope of aid, should I require it, that I must ride through passes which the village legends peopled with spirits and ghosts of the departed travellers, could not deter me. I spurred onward amid the dark forebodings of tbose assembled to witness my rash departure, my landlord's I prophecy of a sudden and violent storm ring- I ing in my . - ears . , as I went. , I , treated these .. . I superatitio^ of ignorant villagers, talj* as m«5rely and the the sounds it^ntions which j were reported to issue from the haunted • rock, as, at best, coming from the throat of some human enemy, against whom a pistol would be most effective. There was still two hours of daylight before me, and as I rode along I was lost in thoughts of my sweetheart. I seemed to see her standing on her vine-covered porch,ready to welcome me with her bright smile. The dainty figure, with its blue eyes and waving hair, rose before my eyes; and so vivid was 1 the vision that I spoke her name half aloud. I The sound of my own voice etartled me, and, looking up for the fiist time, I saw that the sky was growing black, the wind was howling and rumbling distant thunder was in tbe - It bad come—the storm which my landlord had foretold. I spurred on my horse ; a big drop of rain splashed over my face ; the darkness thickened ; and at the same instant through the gloom loomed up the outlines of the huge boulder, which a turn in tbe road had before hidden from my sight. A slight shiver crept over me as I recalled the ta'es connected with it, and thought upon my own lonely situation. Something of this feeling seemed to enter into my horse, for as we neared the rock, shrouded in darkness, he trembled from bead to foot. Using all my strength, I forced him past it, and at the same instant there sounded upon my ear a low burst of laughter, so peculiar in its tone as to send an icy shudder through me. A something that was not human sounded in it. It was fiendish, devilish. Conquering my momentary weakness, I strained my eyes to pierce the darkness, in the hope of discovering the shape from which those sounds proceeded. but all was silent and deserted as the grave. The form must have been swallowed op in darkness, for I saw nothing. A strange feeling of dread weighed on my heart, vague and indefinite, and the night grew blacker and blacker. The storm drew nearer, and my every effort wasnow directed to gain some place of shelter looked in vain for a light in all was black and desolate; a poured down, soaking me to thunder crashed, and my poor horse -hislife. j " Once, between tbe thunder peals, I seemed 4 to hear that same lew, mad laugh in my ear, — T j a hundred feet in advance: a second flash enabled me to reach tbe opening which had once been a door ; but the whole miserable place was in a ruinous condition. For yean it had been abandoned to wind and weather. Fearfully I entered, and found myself in the largest of the two rooms which the hovel boasted. The ceiling was broken away, and the rain poured in upon the rotting floor,'.and beat through the broken window. Nothing more fearful and more wild could be imagined, but still I welcomed it, and turning the poor horse loose outside, I passed into the inner room. A lightning flash illumined it, and standing bolt upright against the opposite wall I saw the form of a man, his face distorted by a smile of wicked cunning, aDd as the darkness fell again, a shrieking laugh mingled with tbe thunder. Made desperate by the terrors of the night and of my loneliness, I struck a match and rushed forward; but tbe figure was gone, the room deserted. Turning, I passed into the first room, but it was equally tenantless. Full o£ wonder and strange forebodings, 1 chose a dry spot and threw mjBelf upon tbe floor and tried to sleep. Vain endeavor; the figure haunted me, and often, as fatigue overpowered me and sleep seemed on the point of relieving me, tbe memory of that laughter would ring through my brain, and I would start wildly up, to find myself lying alone upon the floor with the storm still rasing without. Finally, quite exhausted, I fell into a deep slumber, which lasted I know not how lon^. but which was suddenly and violently broken by that same demoniac noise. This time I tried to rise, in vain; a fearful weight was on my chest. Straining open my eyes, I beheld in tbe light of the moon, which now shone through the windows, that same man's face bending over mine. Terrified beyond expression, 1 strcgglrd to free myself of the creature upon me; but ray arms and legs were fast bound ; the same cunning smile distorted the face, and i It-- leering eyes rolled as I struggled vainly. 1 strove to shriek, but the sound came not; a faint gurgls was the onlv result of mv frantic effort. At the same instant the creature above m-. rcse, and with chnckleB and leers, drew forih a coil of rope ; noddine his head and gibbci - in£. be arranged a noose, and with another blood-curdling laugh he placed it about my neck. My God, tbe agony of that moment, when I realised that I was absolutely at the mercy of a madman I Tighter and tighter he div« the rope, till my face grew black with suff'"cation, and my eyes and tongue started from my head. Consciousness was almost gom* when the pressure was slowly, steadily re- laxed, and the maniac's features glared down upon me once more. I breathed again ; he had spared me; the rush of joyful feeling nearly overcame me. He marked tbe expression of my face, and, chuckling,drew the nooee again, exulting to watch my face purple, and my eyes protrude. Twenty times I thought my death agony at hand, and twenty times, with a maniac's cunning, he restored my breath, and prolonged my torture. How he chuckled and muttered to himself, wagging his fiendish bead, and ob ! my God, how, when I struggled to get free, wrestling in agong with death and torture, he uttered his insane, exulting laugh. How I longed and prayed for death ; how I hoped the madman would once draw tbe noose so tight that, when relaxed, my breath would still refuse to come. Suddenly his brain seemed possessed with some new plan. Slowly he drew off the rope, and, with one backward glance, left the room. At first, I dared not hope for life ; but when the time went by and still be came not, I began to think that he was gone entirely, and that my life might yet be saved. I struggled to free myself once more ; struggled and writhed until my heart nearly burst through my body ; but in vain. Just then a new sound caught my ear. filling me with unutterable I'Stfinc-^gSag^k^set-fire A forK. of liuht ' to the " hovel. '' Andnowi saw his face grinning at me through Making one last superhuman the window. effort 1 uttered a fearful shriek. The mad. man leaped in at leaped in at the window, and, at tbe same instant, another form followed him. Some one seized me. I knew no more. When consciousness returned, I was lying upon a bed in my sweetheart's own pretty room, and she, with tears in ber gentle eyes, was watching my slow return to life. I learned afterwards, when my strength returned, that the madman had escaped from an asylum in the neighborhood, and being missed, his keeper, attracted by tbe sight of the flames, arrived just in time to save me from the horrible fate which seemed to await me. I bad fallen into a deep swoon, and from that into a raging fever, and during my ravings enough was learned to Bend me to tbe house which bad been my destination when I started out the previous night. As soon as I was well again Alice and I were married, and were surely happier than it falls to the lot of most mortals to be ; but never while I live shall I forget tbe agonies of that one night of my life. TOUB OWN JACK. 