,. FOUL:. Li` ' AWAT1iHtaus I n The following yarn is told in the 'Daily a Telegraph' to. 'A Seafarer' by "hisfriend, t the Second Mate' :-' The chief mate was a cheerful little Welshman-God rest his t soul-ons of the most intelligent seamen I Swas eover assaeociated with, with as tender a e heart as ever heat under a velvet waistcoat, i, and eyes so bright that I'd sometimes think d that the rdune.s that tinged th.m was nothing but the scorching of the skin by the t lvhio, of his g:ss. We were very good e friendesboth of a rather poetical torn of mind, 0 no v.ery great rarity amongstseamen, though n the conformedly strained manlinoess of the Csailor makes him feel sheepish even to be Ssuspected of a romantic humour now and f again. The skipper hovered about till 10, a then went below. I joined the mate, and a we fell to quietly pacing the deck, talking of t, anything but the weather and the heat, and s. the calm, being sick of the things. No, sir, Y our conversation went to covsideration of e the sort of times we were to expect at d Calcutta, and I was in the midst Sof telling him that I was thinking tseriously of looking 'onut for a mate's berth aboard a country wallab, where the month's s wage sounded tall in the shape of rupees, w wben he Interrupted me by coming all m a d sudden to a dead stand, whilst he cried in a >t tragio voice tbah was scarce more than a ri hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm as he spoke: ' My God, what is that ?' His >r forefinger indicated a apmce of dusk that lay r like an ink-stain upon the night that was 9 dark as the sea-line everywhere else was; ir and "n the heart of this peculina murky n blotch I observed what looked to me to be ,a two fine lines of flame close together, forking at out of the Eae, and lengthening upwards as id one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor id whence they proceeded, thoogh this last was at very elusive, and noticeable only when the 0 eight went a little to the right or left of it L Hush I' said I, after straining my hearing Sa moment, whilst the mate stood watching i tockatill, as though spellbound. 'Do you rbear it?' The noise I meant, which, though re faint,was naudible enough amid the pauses ly of the flapping canvas on high. Thick of a 7' kettle boiling in a room next to the one you d a'e seated In, and that will be the character s, of the noise I heard. As I spoke there was Sa flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and the wild glare threw I1I out the ponderones folds of a great aloud ' hanging, like masses of smoke arrested and d preened down, above these strange and ever d growingluminous stalke. 'A waterspout-two 8 of them, it looks like,' oried the mate. 'Ha.w d does it travel ? Why, by all that's precious, ,y if Its growth slgnifies its course, it's heading t direct for the barque.' Hi vehement ex s clamatlons startled the men who had stowed I themselves away about the decks for a nap e and you saw flitting of dusky figures to e the rail, and caught. a note of alarm in the Shalf-amothered growl of voices which came along Saving, always, the swing of the d swell, t>e barque lay as deadon the sea as a Slightship, not an inch of way on her; '-o a that there was nothing possibehle to be t done in the way of mancauvring. ' But I watersponte don't shine,' cried I, to the mate. 'Yes, yes,' he answered, 'yonder 0, does, anyhow. It is the phosphorous in the water. I have seen such thiogs again and again, glowirg as though they had got a streak of lightning stowed away in their coil.' Ho continued to look; then, with an ,ath, he cried out pas.iouately that the appearance was heading for us, and, with a -bound. gained thi companion, down which he i bolted, retureine after a few breathlest Smoments followed by the captain, who rose it olut of the hatch like a ghost. habited in his tshire and drawers only. Believe me or nos as you will, but what I'm going >to tell yen is as tnrue as that I, who wask by Syour aid, now, am a Ilving man. The fire s 'inctured stalks, as I will call them, had d thi- kened with incredible rapidity, and t looked 500ft. high, distant as they yet were d There was a onnstant p sy of ligh-ning over o thenm, sometimes very fle s end brilliant, n with sharp crackse of thunder, whose rever e berations rolled over the polished undula. Stions of the water, wich a sound of heavy d bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stag. The stagnation around made the sight of that amall. rotating luminousne tempest as k wonderful as it was frightful. Every -t moment heightened the roar of the boiling at at its base, -ndi the indescribable yelling of Sthe circular Fweeptrg of the wind of this w narrow tenepest. Some of the men beat with a handepikes furiously upon the scuttle to Kt aroueo the watch below. I stood watching, scarce fidra fing a breath, captain and matre ° beside ue, bolt silent Iideed, there was I nothing to be done. We migSt, perhaps, have fired a gun, but we hadn't such a thing d abosrd. The conuse 'a tbs~spost was easily to'"le gathered by the sharpening of .e thie mystical golden fire's whiob Illuminatid it the .evolviln co'umnm, end by the whiting it upon the eight of the bed of foam o't of which those vast llgqid trunks grow, and by the increasing uproar of the maddened and seethfugoinais of ipumrie and of the thunder blates over it.folowiiog ea'h jogged, barbed ,lightning strcks wi-h continuous detona ions, compirable only to broadside after Sbroeadld- delivered from a four-decked line. s of.battle ship. The spont came a!ung slowly -if a single spout is were with its two r flaming limbs and one denre head of Svaponr. There was a bit of bhope to be e got obut of this, for it mighs break ri nd psri-i eam is resohed us. The captain r orfed, 'My God I what shball we do? flow riet la it a ravelling, think you, MAr Morgan ? SEight miles ins the hucir-o faster, sir, croaked the mare, in the voice of a man Ssentenced to death. * It'll be aboard up I' n roared some forward soddenly in a panical o way, and the cry was instantly followed by , a rransio rush aft of 'badoa's as the figures a of the men looked 'But the boat.waan of ' the barque, whose tone. I'reoogniied. oried out, 'Jnmp for shelter, my lads ! ljump for ahelrer I Down with you 1 ucder deck, or there'll be ne'er a life left *to ,explain what hurt the ship; on whloiot many' of- tbe men sprang i forward again, the captain saying i nothing, and the osate as mate as I, for the ligbtnirg was orackling over our heads now, and she barque was plunging upon the heavy sea, flung in advapte by the commotion, though tbhre wcs nob a.tbreath of air yet, as I live to tell it, and the spout almost within pistol shot I Well, I on only speak of myself now, forwhat followed was like a horrible- nightmare, Ire-m wtich you start with the blood thick in your veois, without being able to recall a feature of the terror that awokeyon. Themad impulse one got . from the sight and sound of the spous, and its horrible accompanimente of whiteress at s to sand blackness overhead, wara ftrslteltcr, and my flait spring was for the crmpanion, a with a oiy toshe captain and mate to follow me. I w s'scarce four steps down when there happened a chock as though an earthquake right under the keel of the bhrqsul had tutro her into staves, Just for one instant my ear onught she inexpressible hellish clamour of tons .of sweeping water, a of spars snapplng like pipeasemi-ths-he twash; the onmt'anion way was filled in a I breath, and dosn I went, swept along tond Into inscosibhiiry by a flood that was Jamalt Niagara Fails In its way for weight, itf conrse I wasn't drowned; of course I regained consolousness; btt that was not so wonderful as that I should have crawled out of he cabin like a soaket I fleece, a sane man with every sense taut In i him, instead of a grinning and gibborieng I idiot. I gained the deck. The night was brtsithlees. No soned oame off the resn, rheugh the hor'tn hung black all arottsd as before, It took me a while to see, and then I observed that the brrqne was dismacted. I Tbh shadow of her deck stretched out hblore ( me, a sheer hulk I There were figures - moving here and there I hallocd, and nost oi them cams alb. flut they were all too suopefed to ans-.er ques einna - they mutttred in a dazat way. Who was mlasing? What hbd 9 happened mots than that the barque a had been stripped to the condition of a itaked hall was not to hb gatherei tIll the , dawn came. But hittors he igtsh broke we a had 'rallied sefilrently to mnn the pomps a and keep them going. Talk of a wreck I Ne er did the asnn rise upon a more pitiable to Sgit tha-* the barque made; three - iFgged stomps- where the lower mast re ad been; a whole 'wilderneas of "' wreaeage over the aide; bowsprit rt Iead, csue lantu kae or port bulwarks smashed flat, deck hnhee, galley, long boat, quarter boate-st vanished. The aouptaln and the poor follow who had been at the wheel were miseing; theiolr fate needed no guessing,. But we found the body of the mate, oruelly buiud and barely distinguishable as a human fcrm, lying under a mass of gear. Well, to end the yarn, for t's nearly told, we passed three days of desporate pumping, for the voteel touk in water as though her bottom had been a grating, and 'twas pump or sink, for we were without a boat. But on the meoreing of he fourth day a steamer hove in sight, spied I us, and came alongside. She won jubt in itime; we were more spectres, with the s etrength of euch things, and I believe if the next relief of the pumps had been called there would have been no answer." 