Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and than Is relished by the wisest man.—HUDIBRAS. So many harrowing stories of-disaster at sea result from the fact that the ocean is ploughed so much. " The language of love," says a poet, "is common to the whole human nee." Here is where Volapuk comes in. Sometinua U is hard to tell whether a man is firm in principle or simply obstinate, but the man himself never expresses any doubt. A Persian proverb runs thus: If you enlist in the army, say a prayer; if yen go to sea, say two; but if you£et married, say three. " The differenee between a form and a ceremony," said Whately, "is a nios ons. and it lies in this: You ait upon a form and you stand upon ceremony." Ada: " Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire, and the other pale as a ghost!" Klla: "Yes. Harry was on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other." Maud: " And so you are not going to marry young Softlyr Ethel: "No, I can't marry him. I sever could write a pretty capitals, and so it would be hard for me to write my name." A scientist says: " If the land were flattened eut the sea would be two miles deep all over the world." If any man is caught flattening out the land, shoot him on the spot. A great many of us can't swim. "I never saw anything in the way of wood as large as the trees in the Yosemito," said Fflip. "No." snapped Mme. Fflip, " you never saw anything in the way of wood, anyway." It was her stress on the " saw" that made Fflip look uncomforteble. Mrs. Cassidy: "Wdy don't you come down and see me. Mrs. M'Oinnis ?" Mrs. M'Oinnis: " And it's you that's telkin', Mrs. Gassidy; and not a sight did I see of you sinoe last Aisther! Sure, if I Uvea as near to you as you do to me I'd be droppin' in every week!" In the chemical laboratory: "Profe«s r, what las become of Appleton! Wasn't he studying with the class last year i" " Ah, yes; Appleton— poor fellow I A fine student, but absent-minded in the use of chemi cal*—very. That discolouration on the ceiling—notios it!" "Yes." "That'shim." At a dinner party. Sir Richard Phillips, the book seller, being present, Coleridge held forth with bis usual splendour, when Sir Richard, who had been listening with delight, came round behind his chair, and tapping him on the shoulder said, " I wish I had you in a garret without a coat to your back." " Who was that young man here last night ?" asked a fath rof his only daughter. Why, papa, that was my accepted lover." " Your lever, child r Why, I never saw him before! What does he do I" " Do, Sapa 7 Do;" she replied in amazement. "He doesn't o anything; he has a Government appointment." "Judge," said tho juror with the high,'forehead, upon whom the hopes of the prosecution for a righteous vi-rriict had chiefly depended, " the lawyers hes quit telkin' now, an' before we take a vote on this thing amongst ourselves I would be much obleeged if you would tell me what all this dura fuss is about, any how." "Don't you consider Miss Ooldenson a very lovely girl, Mr. Simps I" said Mrs. Criticrat. " Oh, yes, chawming 1" replied Mr. Bimps. " Such a perftotly cut face must always be beautiful," continued Mrs. Criticrat. 'Not always" answered Mr. Bimps; "I've—aw—seen her sucking an orange, don't you know!" Worried Wife: " Ob, doctor, what has detained you T I sent for you at 12 o'clock; my husband is very low' indeed." Doctor (complacently): " Yes, I received your call then, but as I had an engagement with another patient in this neighbourhood at 6 o'clock I thought I'd moke one job of it and kill two birds with one stone." Samuel Wright of Albany, G.A., wanted to be the possessor of a " happy family." He got a large cage, and for a beginning put in a white rat, a cat, and an owl. The next morning he looked in and saw only the owl and it was dead. A little investigation revealed tho fact that the cat was inside the owl and the rat inside the cat. A member of the Irish House of Commons, who was a fluent but vapid talker,' whs making an interminable speech against a bill which Curran defended. 'Ihe Speaker at lost reminded him that his time had ex- Enetl. " Time, Mr Speaker!" exclaimed Curran; "he as long since done with Time. He in now trenching on eternity!" " I can never ho more than a sister to you," said a buxom widow, tenderly, to an old bachelor who had proposed. "Ah, madam, yes you can," he responded gallantly. "I uin not a mbu to lose hope." "Yes, but I nay I cannot," she persisted. " You have daughters, madam," ho said, " and you may yet bo my mother-in-law." "Mian Clara," he said, " can I speak with yourfather a moment before Igo .'" "Certainly, Mr. Sampson," replied the girl, bluehing, and, with a wildly throbbing hoHrt. f«he soupht the oldmnn. " Oh, pup*. vhv brvon, later. ««> the t'ruut door closed, '" what «ii«l Mr. s-*dmp.iou wHUt .'" " I'm his landlord, you know," replied pupa. "I let him his bachelor tipai Lwuuts, und be wants another three yearn' loaao." Whi-n Sheridan first brought out his comedy, " The Sv-itool tor SciimUl," Cii'.""<-r.li'l.l, l:itn-e!f ■•■ ilnuu.iti-'t, hciiiL- pM'M'Ut with hist chiMi-en. thi-i-V-d tlurn whi-n -c-vi.-r they luii^h'-'il. Sli.-:idun, heiirinirot this wjut.-'n Cuest' -nii-lil tint hi- tli'in-l.t it wmn in liiui not to let t:u-(hili'.ivn Li.:*;., le.-ni-A- lie v SueriduiO vus present at hi-; (ChsstiTflold's) tragedy u lew nightu btfore. anil laughed at it all the way through. 