BROADBRIMS NEW YORK LETTER: It was a notable gathering around John Leary s coffin before they Bore his mortal re mains t<j Calvary Cemetery. But though he was murdered while drunk by a fellow thief, he did not die without the benefit of the clergy, for in his last moments a priest was called in, and bell, book and candle gave him a good send oil'to "that bourne from whence even no crook returns." He had not thought much of priest or prayers for the last thirty-five yeara. Bed Leary as he was known among his pal3, and to the police, was a daring thief at ton; he had done the State service before he was twenty, at thirty he was associated with the most accomplished bank burglars and cracksmen in the country, the proceeds of their ventures resulting in the aggregate to millions of dollars. Twelve or fourteen years ago he kept a den on Chatham Square, where the countrymen were taken in and done for; a mysterious disappearance was traced' to his place which was eventually raided by the police, and Red Leary was driven out. Shortly after he got into an altercation with another thief in a cellar on Bleecker street. It was asserted on the trial that the thief drew his pistol on Leary ; whether he did, or whether lie did not, the result was the same, for when the smoke cleared away the other thief lay stretched upon the floor stone dead, and Leary stood with his smoking pistol in his hand without a scratch. lied was ac quitted—the judge declaring that the only drawback to the affair was that both of them were not killed. The robbery of the bank at Northampton, Massachusetts, where §720,000 in cash and securities were bagged, was sup •posod to be one of liis exploits ; and the rob bery of the Manhattan Savings Bank in open daylight of nearly three millions was one of the heaviest pulls On record. The man was a paradox ; he never pre tended to be other than he was, and though well known to every officer and detective in the country as the adviser and companion of the most noted bank thieves and burglars, they never seemed to get him, in the slang of the crooks, " dead to rights," or if they did, he always had some valuable information on hand that was worth more than his capture. There is little doubt that nearly two millions of the securities stolen from the Manhattan Bank were eventually recovered through Red Leary, and also the securities of the Bank of Northampton. Old John Lord's stolen bonds, 8250,000 Worth, came from the same source, and numerous other recoveries well known to the police. Red Leary got as friendly a greeting from the police superin tendents and detectives as if lie had been a Now York alderman. Insjieetor Burns or Bob Pinkerton never failed to pas3 a pleasant good day when they met, and Red Leary always seemed to feel quite proud of their acquaintance. His sporting house on Nor ton's Point at Coney Island was the resort, not only of most of the first-class crooks in fcfia country, but swell politicians, prize fighters, brokers from "Wall street and fast young men about town, might be seen night after night hobnobbing in front of the bar, and every man felt while he was in Red's place, his person and proporty were very much safer than they would be in a more pre tentious hotel. He adopted the rule so long in vogue as Harry Hill's—"No stealin' in side this ere 'ouse;" "Hall hexperts will be 'eld accountable for the same, an' don't ye forget it." Some of the experts did forget it and violated this rule. Did Harry Hill hand them over to the police 1 Not a bit of it; the next time they called at his house he invited them into a back room, and there he went at them with a club, and the result was that a man's watch or pocket-book was safer in Harry Hill's than it would be in a church or a Young Men's Christian Association. Of late years Red Leary adopted the same rule, and 110 drunken man could be fleeced at his bar. It was sus pected by many of his old pals, that lie pur chased his immunity from punishment by furnishing information to the police, and this fact possibly may have led to his death. He was followed to his grave by men of his own class ; his wife, Red Kate, the sharer of his desperate life, being the only one who could really be called a mourner. The arrest in Brooklyn of a prominent real estate man named Swimm on Tuesday last, is tho culmination of one of the quaint little romances of our city life. Mr. Swimm is an eminently respectable citizen, apparently retiring in his ways, rather clerical in his appearance, and is in fact regarded-as one of the staunchost pillars of the Baptist Church to which ho belongs. Still there must be a little of Old Adam left in Brother Swimm, notwithstanding his conversion and his years, for a few months ago he thought he would have a little quic^t lark, so he put an ad vertisement in the paper for a housekeeper, and as he advertised himself as a gentleman of means, he did not want a wrinkled old tabby, but a nice, bright,, plump, vivacious, intelligent, accommodating housekeeper ; in short, just the right kind of housekeeper for a handsome gentleman of moans. It is hardly necessary to say that lie got a bushel and a half of letters, and one hundred and seventy three photographs. Now Mr. Swimm didn't want any housekeeper, lie had a most ex cellent housekeeper in Mrs. Swimm, an estimable lady, who had darned his stock ings and faithfully attended to the duties of Swiniin's household for over thirty yeax-s. But on the receipt of his mail Swimm looked over the letters and photos, and finallj' pitched upon an angelic widow in New Haven to preside as the keeper of his mythical house. Donning his Sunday suit he kissed Mrs. Swimm good-bye, and told her that he was going to look after a little bit of real estate on which ho had his eye. Now, if Mr. Swimm had said personal property, it would have been nearer tho truth, but he did not. "Well Mr. Swimm hurried up to New Haven and mot the charming widow, and wonderful to relate,, she was just exactly liko her photo, but then she wasn't exactly a widow ; she was only constructively a widow, that is to say, a widow of the grass variety. That was just the kind of housekeeper that Mr. Swimm was looking for ; she suited him to a dot, and by way of binding tho bargain, he took her down to Black Rock on a ten confc. excursion, and there they had Bock beer, fried clams, deviled lobsters, ice cream, and a jolly good time generally. So far all was plain sailing ; but Mr. Swimm had hardly reached his hotel, his head swimming with ecstacy at his prospective bliss with his new housekeeper, when a knock came at the door and a gentleman walked in, who called himself Mr. Sibley, and desired to inquire of Mr. Swimm, what in Jerusalem he had been doing with his wife'! Perhaps Mr. Swimm thought that this was Sibley's ghost, at any rate the next day he got up and dusted for Brooklyn. Ho told Mrs. Swimm that he had concluded not to invest in that proporty, and made a straight bolt for his office. He had hardly got seated behind his desk, when the grass widow Sibley stood in tho dooi: with blood in her eye. Sho soon gave the gentleman of means to understand, .that while it was an easy matter to catch a grass widow, it was not quite so easy to get rid of her, and in this pavticularcasoitwouldrequire guilders to do it. Mr. Sibley's constitution was so badly shattered by Swimm's indelicate attentions to his wife, that is required at least ten thousand dollars to put him in pass able repair. The svit was to have come off last week, but it v,•,''.^understood to have been settled out of court, for Swimm failed to materialize. But*though Mr. Sibley's honor was satisfied, Mrs. Sibley's was not, and this week she had him arrested for libel, and if she succeedn, she may convince Old Swimm that widows are dangerous things to fool, grass or no grass. Occasionally we get vory much excited over sudden and mysterious disppearances. A man or a woman drops out of sight, and sometimes that is the last of them, and then again, sometimes it ain't. One of these events occurred last week. Mr. Clarence Cook, the son of a wealthy gentleman, was going to be married to one of the most beautiful and amiable young ladies in the city. The affair was laid out to bo very swell, indeed ; all through tho ovening anil afternoon the presonts came pouring in! The church was dcckod with flowers, One of the touiest clergymen in tlio city was engaged to' lie the nuptial. knot. Fifteen hundred invitations were issued, and even tlierl nearly one hitif of choir intimate friends were left out in the cold. Everything was ready. The bride, a dream of loveliness; was crowned with oraiige flowers—-but the bridegroom eaiile liot ; messengers were, seiit out into the highways and byways; detectives scoured the dives, but to ho purpose ; no fellow could find out whether lie had gone to King dom Come or Colorado. After a weary search of three days; his father ran across llini in in the street in a very dazed condition —suffering; so his fatlier says, from mental aberation. That's not what they used to call it wlion I was a hoy, but it will do. They took the young man homo and put him to bed, and if thoy keep everything exciting away from him except a plentiful supply of cokl water. 3 should not ivohder if ho niight recover fvoni his mental aberation. Another wonderful disappearance took place in the person of a country editor. You don't often catch a country editor tripping in ISfow York, for as a general tiling they are gentle men of sound morals and good general infor mation, and about as fly 011 all the ins and out'i of city lifeas the bunco men themselves. Well, this particular editor ra:ne to town with twelve hundred dollars in his pocket to buy sohjc new presses for his office. lie parted with a friend at the ferry, and "hey presto fly," he disappeared as if the earth had swallowed him. Ilis father and a delegation ef his country neighbors came post haste to the city, and the town was turned upside down and inside out, looking for this country editor. The morgue was searched, the river w;i3 dragged, and all' sorts of nncompliment tary articles appeared in the rural press as to the danger to which country editors were exposed in visiting New \ork. After weeks of con stant anxiety and tireless search ho turns up in Denver, Colorado, minus his twelve hundred dollars, and suffering frem a bad case of " mental aberration. Mental aber ration is an awful bad thing. Take my advice and don't try it. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 