gtorg-'gMlcr. A TALE OF THREE LIONS. Illy Eider Haguaro, in Alalanta.] At last Harry fell fast asleep, and even I scarcely keep any eyes open. Indeed, was just dropping off when suddenly gave me a push. "LtBten!" he whispered. I was awake in a second, and listening with my ears. From the clump of bush to the of the lightning-shattered stump to the sick qx was tied came a fftict crackling noise, Presently it was repeated. Something was reeving there, faintly and quietly enough, but still moving perceptibly, tor in the intense stillness of the night any sound seemed loud. I woke up Harry, who instantly said, Where fs. she ? "where" is" she 1" and began point hiB rifle about in a fashion that was more dangerous to us and the oxen than to any. possible lioness. - ""Be quiet!" I whispered savagely; and' I did so, with a low and a hideous growl a of yellow lighf sped out of the clamp of bush, past the ox, and into the corresponding clump.upon the other side. The poor sick brute gave a sort of groan, and staggered and then began to tremble ; I could see it do so clearly in the moonlight, which was now vet y bright, and I ielt a brute for having exposed the unfortunate animal to such agony he must undoubtedly be undergoing. The lioness, for it was she, passed so quickly that.we could not even distinguish her movements, much lees fire. Indeed at night it is useless to attempt to shoot unless tbe object is vary close and standingperfectly still, and then the light is so deceptive and it is so difficult to see the foresight that the beat shot will miss more often than he bits. "She will be back again presently." I said : " look out, but for Heaven's sake don't fire .unless I tell you to." Hardly were the Avords out of my mouth when bask she came, and asain nassed the ox without striking him. " What on earth is she doiDgi" whispered Harry. " Playing with it as a cat does a mouse, I She will kflllt presently:" : As I spoke the lioness once more flashed out of the bush, and this time sprang right over the doomed aud trembling ox.. It was a beautiful eight to see ber clear him in the bright moonlight, as though it were a trick that fhe bad been taught. " I believe that she • has -escaped from a circus," whispered Harry ; " its jolly to see Ler jump," I said nothing, but I thought to myself if it Vas Master' Harry did not quite the^prtgraniihe.SiBad small blame to him. At any rate, his teeth were chattcrirg a little. Then csrao a longieh pause, and I began to that she must have gone away, when t w T b t w W b n c ttwS i i d suddenly she appeared again, and with one mighty bound landed right on to the ox, aud struck it a fearful blow with her paw. | Down it went, and lay on the ground ; kicking feebly. She put down her wickedj looking head, aud with a fierce growl of coui tentment, buried ber long white teeth in the , throat of the dying aniaul, When she lifted : her muzzle again it was all stained with j blood. She stood facing us obliquely, licking ! her bloody chops and making a sort of purring ! noise. I " Now's our time." I whispered, "fire when | I do." ! I got on to her as well as I could, but Harry, instead of waiting for me, as I told him, fired before 1 did, and that of coarse hurried me. When the smoke cleared, however, I was delighted to see the lioness was rolling about on the ground behind the body of the ox, which covered her in each a fashion, however, that we could not shoot again to make an end of ber. i "She's done for! She's dead, the yellow devil!" yelled Pharaoh in exultation, and at tbat very moment the lioness, with a sort of convul-ive rush, half rolled, half sprang, into the patch of thick bush to the right I fired after her aE she went, but so far as I could see without result; indeed the probability is that I missed her clean. At any rate she got to the bush in safety, and once there, began to make such a diabolical noise as I never heard before. She would whine and shriek with pain, and buret out into perfect volleys of roaring that shook the whole place. "Well," I said, "we must just let her roar ; to go into tbat bush after her at night would be madness.'' At tbat moment, to my astonishment and alarm, there came an answering roar from the direction of the river, and then another from behind the swell of bush. Evidently there were more lions about. The wounded lioness redoubled her efforts, with the object, I suppose, of summoning the others to her assistance. At any rate they came, and quickly, too, for within five minuteB, peeping through the bushes of our skerm fence, we saw a magnificent lion bounding along towards us, through tbe tall tambouki grasB, that in the ; moonlight looked for all the world like ripening corn. On he came in great leans, and a | glorious i „ sight , it was , to see ^ him. , ..„ When . witb- \- ; in 50 yards or so, he stood still in an open \ space and roared, and the lioness roared too, and then there came a third roar, and another ! great black-maned lion stalked majestically up, and joined number two, and really I : began to realize what the ox must have 1 undergone. , .. . T ., r ,. a , . | Aow, Harry, I whispered, whatever ! If they let : you do, don't fire ; it's too risky, us be, let them be." Well, the pair of them marched off to tbe bash where th6 wounded lioness was now roaring double tides, and the whole three of them began to snarl and grumble away together there. Presently, however, the lionees ceased roaring, and the two lions came out again, the black maimed one first— to prospect, I suppose—and walked to where the carcase of the ox lay. and sniffed at it. " Oh, what a shot!" whispered Harry, who was trembling with excitement. " Yes," I said, *'but don't fire ; they might all of them come for us." Harry said nothing, but whether it was from the natural impetuosity of youth, or because be was thrown off his balance by excitement, or from sheer recklessness and devilment, I am sure I cannot tell you, never haying been able to get a satisfactory explanation from him; but at any rate the fact remains, he without word or warning, entirely disregardinn my exhortation, lifted up his Westley Richards, and fired at the , black-maned lion, and, what is more, hit i_ slightly on the flank. Next second there was a most awful roar from the injured lion. He glared around him and roared with pain, for be was sadly stung; and then, before I could make up my mind what to do, the great blackmaned brute, cleary ignorant of the cause of his pain, sprang right at the throat of his companion, to whom he evidently attributed his misfortune. It was a curious sight to see the evident astonishment of the other lion at thiB most unprovoked assault. Over he rolled with an angry snarl, and on to him sprane the blackmaned demon, and commenced to worry him. This finally awoke the yellow-maned lion to a sense of the situation, and I am bound to say that he rose to the occasion in a most effective manner. Somehow or other he got to his feet, and, roaring and snarling frightfully, closed with his mighty foe. And then ensued a most^tremendous scene. You know what a shocking thing it is to see two large dogs fighting with abandonment. Well, a whole hundred of dogs could not have looked half so terrible as those two great brutes as they rolled and rolled and rent in their horrid rage. They gripped each other, they tore at each other's throat till their manes-came out in handfuls, and the red blood streamed down their yellow hides. It was an awful and a wonderful thing to see the great cats tearing at each other with all the fierce energy of their savage strength, and making tbe night hideous with their heart • shaking noise. And the fight was a grand one, too. For some minutes it was impossible to say which was getting the best of it, but at last I saw that the black- maned lion, though he was slightly the bigger, was failing. I am inclined to think that the wound in his flank had crippled him. Anyway he began to get the worst of it, which Berved him right, as he was the aggressor. Still I could not help feeling sorry for him, for he had a gallant i ! : ! | ! I i : j ! ! : ; j ; j _ , ! Over'and over ftejn^led'togetherhideous ! S in great r u snores W K and ^ l seemed d t Vto ' rattle a U ein S his , i , nostrils, PMrb^k-maue then he erewlaSt^ opened his hb huge bretth mouth, oame j I gave poor macK the ghost mane of grew a roar, rami, quivered, nis oreath and came was ?; d G i. -i. ., , ,, auett When oaj u he ' - was quite sure . .that . the victory 1 , t was his own the yellow-maned lion loosed his ' c grip and sniffed at his fallen foe. Then a he licked the dead lion's eye, and next, with I w his forefeet resting on the carcase, sent up his j B own chant of victory, that went rolling and ! pealing down the dark paths of the night in o all the ie gathered gainerea majesty oi of sound. And at this — T —'— J 0 I interfered. Taking — a - careful * • . d sight at the centre of his body, in order to i 8 give the largest possible margin' for error, I f fi. red ' and, him. sent a -570 expresB rtronnert bullet right through him, and down he dropped dead dear! upon the carcase of his mighty foe. After that, fairly satisfied with our performances, we sl«pt peaceably till dawn, leaving Pharo&h; to keep watch in case any more lions should take it into their heads to come our way. When the sun was fairly up we arose, and went very cautiously—at least Pharaoh and I did, for I would not allow Harry to come—to see if we could find any trace of the wounded lioness. She had ceased roaring immediately on the arrival of the two lions, and had not made a sound since, from which we concluded tbat she was probably dead. I was armed with my express, while Pharaoh, in who;e band a rifle was indeed a dangerous weapon his companions, had an axe. On our way stopped to look at the two dead lions. were magnificent animals, both of them, their pelts were entirely spoiled by the mauling tbey had given to each other, was a ead pity. In another minute we were following the of the wounded lioness iato the where ehe had taken refuge. This, I h a t s f t c n l c a d y w g m L 2 m 4 a o e hardly say, we did with the utmost p indeed," I for one did not at-all like ] c job, and was ocly coneoled by the reflep- j " tion that it-was necessary, and that the bu«h 1 b was not thick. ' Well, we stood there, keep- } a Snn as so far f^v from (rnm the Ilia trees ^i-aho as aa possible, Vuioelhla cnaroll searching and looking about, but no lioness could f "' we see, though we saw plenty of blood. c " She must have gone away somewhere to b Pharoah," I said in Zulu. p " Yes, Inkoos" (chief), he answered, "she has certainly gone away." w \- Hardly were the words out of his mouth mp when I heard a roost awful roar, and starting round saw the lioness emerge from the very centre of a bush, just behind Pharoah, in which she had been curled up. Up she went p on to her bind legs, and as she did bo I saw that one of her fore paws was broken near the shoulder, for it hung limply down. Up she went, towering right over Pharoah's head, as she did so lifting- her uninjured paw to strike him down. And then, before I could get my rifle round or do anything to avert the coming catastrophe, the Zulu did a very brave and clever tbiner. Realizing his own imminent danger he bounded to one side, and then, swinging the heavy axe round hia head, brought it down right on to her back, severing tbe vertebra; and killing her instantaneously. It was wonderful to see her collapse all in a heap, like an empty saok. In every period in England of five yearB, from 1SU0 to 1885, the proportion of paupers to population has decreased. It waB 4'7 from J 800 to lS»>r> and 3 0 from 1880 to 3SS5. " IB it true, papa, tbat Loudon is a very wicked city, add full of temptations T' "Yea, my child, there are 10,000 milliners there. But perhaps it will be better not to say anything to your mamma about it" Counsel (to witness) — *' Is it possible" Uncle Rastus, that you would swear to what you know is not true for a single paltrv dollar?" Uncle Rastus (indignantly)—"No, sah ! degemtnen guv me two dollars." The annual report of Lieutenant-General Sheridan states that the regiijar-army of the United States consists of 2.200 officers and 24,236 men. lie thinks tbat its efficiency could be much enhanced bj T aa increase of r.,060 men. 