THE SEARCH FOR BIULLIGAN'S FORTUNE. Bt W. T. PARnEs, Well, ye see, yer honour, Paddy Mulligan lired always to himself-that Is, not alto aesther, as ye might say, to himself hooeegbhly all out, for be wouldn't refuse a riot. or a quart for the matther of that, Itom a frind now an' thin, but be didn't want to senourage much of a resort to his lodgin's. It wasn't because they waor in a back sthreet, for be wasn't proud. The 4tolens a bit of oonseat was in poor Paddy, batbhe had thoe name of a bape of money. an' eobody aver heard the jingle of it but him 8o it was a sort of curioslty to find out how be was livn', but, 'cute enough, he kep' all bo himself, like a hermit of the mountains, wlhin he was in his tep back room. Now and thin ye'd Bad him with an odd bUllin', but, like a motherlere calf, It was always alone. Paddy seemed to have no relations, or, If be had, he didn't encourage their eequalntanoee. But thero's one thing certain -Paddy was full up of money, wherever on earth he managed to scrape it up. Some say that be dhramin' one night he fooed out where there was a reooek of goold bid in the Dublin mountalns-that be dug It ap is the dark and carried it home in a bseket covered with water-crosses. ' Ter basket"s very heavy,' siz a polls to bim eme mornio.' 'What have ye got in it 1 NIotbhin',' sis Paddy. 'Just let me look at notbln'.' siz the polls. ' Ab. it's only sods for s lark I have In be basket this mornn'.' 'Well, just for a lark, I'll have a look at bhis,' ir. the oonstable. An' wbin he seen the goold. ' 8it down on the ditch here,' siz be. 'I'm not goin' to stop in the force-I don't like It, and I hate to be an informer, so we'll divide the money an' eay nothin'.' Paddy eculdn't help it, so they squared it im the ditch. But that's only a bit of the goesip that got entabout him-just beoause his neighboure wee jealour. Two or three times he was on the pop of beia' married, but somehow he found out it weeas the money the girls wor dhrlvin' at, an' he dhrew out of the job en a sudden. ' He dbeckmated thim,' as Lannigan the wax use to sy.' WVell, tho' he grew to be a perty stale owld beachelor, all his money, wherever he kept it, wouldn't howld the breath in his body. An' toe mornin' after wonderin' what was become of him thro' not havin' turned up rteoe the day befcr began, a polls brook open the dare, and found poor Paddy Mulligan es ttbered over the bed, a dead corpre. Mre. Kelly, the landlady, said, ' His owl must hbave tuck its flight in the night.' They had a powerful earth all over the room for the mn. y up In the top back mom. An' eiafther a terrible sight of throubls, all in the world that they could come acroes, was four and olnepence half.penny in the, 4Ift.hand callco pocket of his throwsers. The coroner brought hie iukwest round am' 4M Padd y; but peba I They might al Ihryin' to scrape thi sIlvr 9ff the moon. Not a scrap of eash, or any paper consenln' any deposit, was found either isuý_the room or outelde the room. Swas the quareet thing at all. What tI the world had become of his fortune? Was It tusk by the fairiesa Or where was lt scattered to at all, at all! He hadn't been robbed, for blh windy and aure wor bowlted all right whin he was bond tyin' dead that mornin'. 8ore said may be the polls groabed It Into his mittens, or it might have been .pear?ted away be the owld boy; for poor Paddy wasn't all out a oomplate patthern in _ nm. sd of his religious duties. .'."-' e that as it may, we're not gain' to judge the orathbr, now he's gone ; but what had become of hi property was one of the dead maycrets of the ethreet where Paddy lodged. o86oe said the landlady had put her emawleys on it, but sure I knew her well neself, for I was coortin' her, till I threw her ap, be larnoin' that she couldn't have stole Sblook of it; an' she died in the poor-house eftber. Well, poor Paddy was only just put into the'ground for about a fortnight, whin a etbranger kernm to tbe house, an' with big teare rowlln' down hie nose, he towld Mrs. Kerrigan, the landlady, that he was the last tlvin' nephew of Paddy Mulligan, his unols. He disooursed her for awhile, an towld her be was preparin' for the Ohurch; an', pok. in' a prayer-book out of his breast pocket, be axed her, with a mournful groan, to be allowed ou to the room where Paddy gae up ble ghost, so that bhe might pray a few prayers for the poor unfortunato eperit of bis uncle. Well, he mod such a poor mouth, an' was so cut op in respect of wishin' to save his unaol's cowl, that the widow oeoldn't refuse the orathor. So she brought him upstsire, unloeked the door. an' let him in. He gave three long bhurchyard sighs es if his heart wee bruak, SAn*,' siE be, wid more big tears beltin' down his n(es, sic he, ' I don't want to be disturbed, Mre. Kerrigan, while I'm at me prayers. An', wid yee lave, I'd like to look onese? in.' ' To be bure ye may, an' weleome,' sir she. Ae' she horried off downstairs to answer a knook that kem to the dure. Well, be hopplof en' throttin', sure enough be wae a quare long time wrastlin' wid his tayers, an' the widow was baglnun' to get Ip|atient at the taydlous delay he was a '. An' abe wao jost half.way up the tbsew, when the foei was nearly took from undhtg her be the'fright of betun' the most awtll sereeshin' eomin' lfom the ro.m where the thought thellnsphew was sayin' his prayers. Wid the heart leppin' about In her buzzum she listened, an' she beard a whippin' bawl of 'Holy saints in glory save me! Oh. uncle, let me out, an' I'll never dar to come near the place agin to look for yer money It Och owne, marcher alive I Murdber ! Will no one come an' save me?' It was a very dark wlnlther's night, and Mrs. Kerrigan took flfin' jumps down the ltairs that ye'd think she'd brake her neck. The heart wase put acroess, an' she ran out wilhout her bonnet to thry an' get a polia. man, and, alter sarohin'about for some time, she cotch one hldin' in a hall round the Horner, havin' a smoke, ' Come round, I,olle,' el the,' at once; there's mnrdher in the bohse The polls had only just lit the pipe. He didn't like to be dislorbed,forbe was a proud sort of constable, an pickein' the coal cut of his pipe, he squared himself up before her with a coneated turn, an' stuffin' the clay pipe in his buzzum, he axed where was the row. 'Oh, don't I tell ye ciff onnd the ccrner a \- man has been mordhberd up in the top n rocm. Cone scoed at once, polle, or Iterell be holy slaughter.' The polls prominaded solemnly round the corner to Mrs. Kerrigan's hoase, an' goin' up the stabs, he lut his showldher Agin the duce d an' sint it in. An' there, up in the off d corner, bawlin' out for the bare life, was the e nephew of hie unole, jammed sidewaye egln is the wainscot so tight that ye'd think he was Sgrowin' out of it. His arm was etuck thro' If a bole in the board sight up to the scrot of ,d the ehowldher, an' he roared that the gbot ° of his uncle or the divil had him cotch into ie the wall. While all this foes and throoble wse goin' . on in Mrs. Kerrigan's house, a man belled re out at henextboueeforthebarelife,nearly,ye re might say, half.-nked, in his shirt an' in throwsers. An' tarin' around for another Io polls, as look would have it, he dhropped on ie the sergeant, wipin' froth off his , mneustacher, out of the back dare of a publio hbose. SSergeant, come round here. I want to Schow ye a rat that I've eoloh in a thrap, cc an' I'm goin' to eel the tarrier at him. Come oe on, eargeant.' I The sergeant was of a sportin' turn, so hd e started off at once to see the rat-hant, an' I suppose wid a eperrit of keepin' ordher if there wasn't fair play. Up he wint up the stairs to the top back room. His companion unlocked the dore. 'Look there, sergeant-ye ee how I've soteb him.' At the same moment there was an echo of roars behind the wall in the next room. And hanin' over the shelf of a press In the wall, an tied by a skelp of rope to the leg of the table, was the human hand of a n man. Oh, not a word of lie in it. It was oenotch there like a double headed revet. l' What's yet name?' sia the sergeant. ' Me name is Mick M lHgh.' ' Well, teal all about s,' sl the sergeant. Miok pointed to some base of coppers that Swor lyin' on the table, ' D'ye see thim money.bage, sergeant f e Well, I had them looked up in the press, sure enough, safe an' sound. An' I had only turned into bed, when I heerd a t ppin' an' eoratebln' at the back of the press. I didn't mind it at first, but, begar, whin I heerd somehard cuttin' and soofllin' thro' the boord, I quistly unlocked the press, an' there 1 seen the light of a candle Id thro' a bole already made in the boord at the back of the press. ' An' afther a while a band was thrust thro' the hole. The robber of the world had i only time to ketch howid of one of me money. in bags, whin I put a stopper on his night's work be grippin' a suendden howlt of his flt. I had a piece of rope in the copboord juost handy, an' I tied him to the leg of the table, SfIergeant, wasn't it fortunate that I hap. 4 pened to be in so early, or I'd be doethroyed entirely t' ' But where did ye manage to get all the to bags of coppers ?' aio the sergeant. ' Well, I'm a charity collector, and thim Is me rouads for the week. An' only look was on ae side, to be in soon this evenin', or I'd have got me-elf into flamin' thbrouble.' All this while there was great commotion in the next room. 'Well, now,' sit the sergeant, do you at keep an eye to the hand while I go into the other house, an' let it loose whin I give ye the word. 'll just find out who is it owns it l fl e thin wint up through Mrs. Kerrigan's O house, an' there he seen the other polis in a i puzzle wid the neighboure round Paddy's nephew, where he was stook agin the wall like a barnaele to a rook. ' Lot go yet howid of him, Mick M'Ha gh,' roared the sergeant, 'until we bring him down to the station,' if Bo Paddy's nephew was throtted off between the two polls wid burglary an' false fe pretences, an' other serlous crimes, ' What have ye got to say why elntence se shouldn't be passed upon yet' ls IThe d maglstrate. * Well, ye see, yer worehip's honour, it's all very simple In regard of how the matrher happened. Whin I heerd of me uncle's cc death, I wea cock sure, all out, that he must have left money bid somewhere in the room, on an' I Invinted an excuse that I was goin' to pray for his poor sowl that's in glory, an' whin I Iooked meself in the room, fair an' aisy, I began tappin' the walnseot till I kem to a holla sound. "Oh, bedad, I'm all right Snow for earstal," si I ; an' I worked away I wid the chisel till I scoopfd cot a bole. MIle heart gel up in me mouth whln I felt the Smoney.bags ; but whin I ws notch in the other room I was sure it was the ghoet of me anels that was glardln' the bage. That's all 1 have in regard of the whole oonsarn, ayr worshlp's honeor.' e Well, tarry, you'U go up for a mouth for c deeavin Mrs. Kerrlgao mid yer false pro. c teases.' 'Thabink yetr worship;' sir atrry; an' he reired into private life for four weeks. Wells that was the fniabln' sarch for SMulligan's flrtune, The story's made me ad thirsty ; I'll harve another pint, yer horest', 