.RaissELunE-ous.' A Ghost Story. 'I am going to be married, my dear. T can see the tears in your pretty eyes as you say to Harry, 'Poor Sibyl ; she can never be so happy as we are.' Of course I cannot. No woman can who ?does not marry her first love, while her past is without regret, and- her future without shadow. But I am going to marry what is more rare than first love —perfection. Absolutely he has not a fault, and the wonder of wonders is that ho ' should desire the society .through life of one who is so full of faults as I am. Ho is clever, rich, amiable, good-looking, thirty-two, res pected of all men, and (until within the past week) praised of all women. Can you wonder that dear mamma, who has been a little anxious about me the last' year or so, is as happy as a queen, and that my acquaintances are all loud in their congratulations ? But then, as they say, 'Sibyl Van Eyck has always been a lucky girl.' You and I, my Kate, might differ with them as to that, only it is not worth while recalling such a very old and common-place mishap. Indeed, I am not without a realising sense of my mercies myself, for that a young woman facing her thirtieth birthday so nearly as 1 do, and who has played fast and loose with such good cards as kindly Pate has hitherto thrust into her hands — that such a young woman should become Mrs. Brian Chester is truly a wonderful favor of Fortune. It is not the first time that you have seen his name in my letters, and I dare say that, with your usual sagacity you have had suspicions of what might conio to pass ? Behold me at length on the eve of my marriage, figuratively that is, for we are not to bo married until .Tune, and this is only January, but it .seems very near to me. 'Shall I whisper something to you, my Kato, so low that Harry shall not hear it? (I know you keep my secrets even from him.) I respect Brian Chester, I admire him, I am proud of his preference, and I feel safer and more at rest with him than T over did in my life — yet, oh, Kate! Kate! it is not such a love as yours for Harry ii- the days of your love making, nor like mine for— the knight who wooed and ran away It is because I am twenty eight, and such a drendful flirt, as people say, or because Mr. Chester's affection for me is so very cheerful and matter of fact ? He is evidently incapable of jealously, and evinces a beautiful faith in me, which my past has scarcely instilled. I ought to be immensely flattered, but I am not, for that perfect love which casteth out fear is divine, and far above poor, pas sionaoe, doubting humanity. Do not, however, imagine me so foolish as not .to. know. thnfe-T -ain-more- ncarlyhappy' than I have been for years, and that I shall be a very contented woman as Mrs. BriMn Chester. Kiss your small violet for me, and give my love to Harry. I can trust him, whatever his criticisms may be, not to say, as Bob Lisle did when Mary Vincy ivas married last month, 'Another old landmark gone!' Always your loving Snivii.' With a faint smile at Mv. Liale's very uncivil remark, Miss Van Eyck addresses her letter, and leaving her writing table, seals herself in a low arm chair near the fire. ' I will give it to him to post,' she thinks, as she listlessly takes up the evening paper. Por a second or two she listens indifferently over it, and then she reads earnestly, while her face softens, her eyes fill, and two heavy drops fall on tlie paper sis she droops it on her lap. Only a couple of verses, with no beauty or power beyond their truth, and yet they can send her thoughts over eight years — such a long, long time out of one's youth ! — and make her heart ache with pity for the difference between the woman of twenty-eight who is to marry Brian Chester and the girl of twenty who loved so foolishly and so tenderly that the ghost of a handsome, fond, false face, can come between liar and her future husband even now. Sibyl Van Eyck is a young woman usually very appreciative of tho ad vantage of becoming surroundings, but just now she is quite unconscious that her fair head and slender figure in its pale blue trailing dress make a picture very pleasing to a man's |eyes as she lies back in a crimson chaiv in the soft warm glow of the fire. Her thoughts have gone so far and so fast that she does not hear tho door open and close, nor st man's quick step on the thick carpet. She has forgotten that she ought to be expecting Mr. Chester, until ho seats himself beside her and takes calm possession of one of her hands. She comes back to the present then with such a start that he liiuglis. ' You look as if you had forgotten all about mo ;' and then gently kissing the hand he has taken, ho lets it go, and loaning back in the chair, makes him self comfovtable after tho fashion, move easy than elegant, of our generation.' Sho colors like a school girl, though she is ' twenty-eight and such a dread ful flirt,1 and sho puts the paper out of sight -under the train of her dress. 'And if I had, sir ?' slie asks lightly. .'I, dare say you forget me, often enough, for much more than fivo minutes?' ' 'Never,1 ho says, rather shortly ; and then, after an instance. ' What wore you crying for just now ?' 1 Do not you know that we women cry for anything, or nothing ?' ' 'Not you ; but do you tell mo unless you wish to do so.' ...,-r . I ' 1. assure you. t-havo uo.such iutoiv tion,' ? she says gaily; '? 'Does your lordship think thut X ' shall make you my confessor?' . :':. ...'Snmo' day—yes,,' .he' answers, 'quickly, and looking, not at her, but at the fire. Very quickly she lifts her eyes to his face — a very frank and pleasant face, with a look that shows its' owner well' content with the world and him Belf; but just now a little graver' than its wont, and she wonders, with a thrill of the same pity as- she for her self, whether he, too, in the yeara which lie behind him has missed some thing of life's completeness. ;You and I are too old and worldly-' wise for that,' she says, rather sadly. 'Old ? — ycu child !' his eyes meet ing hers with a smile, half amused, half tender. 'I am . aware that you have reached the awful age of twenty eight, Miss Van Eyck, and that you have had enough experience of the world to make you wise but for all that, you are a child, and- a child in some thing you will remain as long as you live.' 'Ah ! you do not know how much nicer I was ten years ago, ' she says, laughing nervously. 'If I have tbe bad taste to be con tent with you as you are, I do not see that it is of any consequence,' he says, again taking her hand. ' Besides, I do not believe it.' ' I wish,1 she begins, wistfully, while tears stand in her eyes — ' I wish that we had known each other then, and that I had never — never — ' 'Never fancied jfou cared for. some ono else,' he breaks in abruptly. ' Look here, dear — here in my eyes ;' and he puts one arm about her, while he keeps her hand. ' Tell me nothing yet ; lam not a jealous man, nor afraid of ghosts, and it is not your past I want, but your present and your future' When he is gone she stands before ono of the long mirrors, smiling at herself rather defiantly . ' You have found your master,. Miss Van Eyck,' sho is thinking ; ' a good master, a tender and true master, but just a little too sure of himself.' When Brian Chester enters his rooms the first thing he docs, after lighting the gas, is to find the evening paper, and, glancing hastily over it, to read with sure instinct two verses in its columns. ' Very wordly wise, indeed, my , poor little girl,' he says to himself as he lays it down with half n smile and half a sigh ; ' and a very shabby thing of me to hunt up the cause of your tears after refusing to hear it ; but you arc more mine than you think, and you shall be altogether mine yet, in spite of the ghost.' But, for all that, his eyes have a troubled look not usual to them, and he smokes move cigars than arc good for him before he goes to bed. 'If I were a jealous man ('which, thank Heaven, I am not), I should endure some exceedingly uncomfortable hours,' says Mr. Chester, smiling pacidly, as he takes possession of Sibyl for a waltz, some six weeks later, at one of the parties before Lent; '.for upon my 'word these fellows think that I have no right whatever to move than a stray dance.' ' Being a philosopher (which, thank Heaven you are), I suppose it makes no difference to you,' she answers, as they waltz off. ' f admire their good taste, .and am thankful for what I can get at present ; also, I have some faint idea that Mrs. Chester will give up round dancing.' Sibvl pauses abruptly, and moves out of the circle of waltzers. 1 Do not you mean to be a philoso pher about — Mrs. Chester ?' she asks, softly, looked up at him with radiant eyes and flushed cheeks. ' Do you think that I am always a philosopher now ?' Her co/our deepens, her eyes turn from his, and then, with a little cry, she puts her hands on bis arm, growing suddenly white, and gazing fixedly at somebody behind him. He turns in stinctively, and sues a tall, very hand some man gassing at .Sibyl with more fixity than politeness permits, ' Take me away — out of the room — somewhere.' she murmurs. Very much bewildered he obeys and presently finds a seat for her in a small, almost deserted room. 'You are tired,' he says, tenderly. ' Shall I get you a glass of wine ?' 'No, no .: stay with me. It is he,' she sayst looking up piteously in his face, which at those very enigmatical word grows rather pale. 'Who ? — the ghost?' he asks un steadily. ? 'Mr. Devereux. I have not seen him since I — since I— Oh, what will you think of me?' she cries, with a sudden burning blush at the change and trouble in his face. 'Indeed it- is only the surprise.' ' Of course,' ho says positively. 1 You will not mind, now that you know he is here, and when you are a little rested »1 shall steal somebody else's rwaltz instead of tho one we have lost.' But in spite of his positiveness' and hereSbrt8 at composure an uncomfort able silence falls upon them, which she breaks by proposing to return to the ballroom. In the the doorway they are met by their hostess and Mr. Devereux. 'Sibyl dear,' says tbe lady hurriedly,, 'here is a gentleman who' claims to be an old friend, but doubts whether your memory is so good as his' 'My memory is oxcollont,' Sibyl answerers1, rather coldly, but with that uttor self-possession which comes to most women in bitterest need. 'I perfectly remember an acquaintance with Mr. Devereux.' ?'Then that is all right/and I Bhall carry you off/Mr. Cheater.' 'We will go togethor, dear Mrs. Burns,' Sibyl says, with her hand atill on Brian'sarm. 'Mr. Chester is going , to take me to mamma.- ? ? ' Will- you -iiofc permit me-?' says, Mr. Devereux,' speaking' for the lirsb time; , and in a voice which'f alters perceptibly. . . 'Thanks; no; I will! iiot trouble you.' ; 'Then may I not have. a waltz, or a squavo dance, ? f or-^f or '?auld lang syne?' The last words are;' very low and eager, but Mr. Chester hears the:\ as distinctly as if they had been Bpokon,\ in his ear. ? , . \ 'My card is. full, thanks,' is the -, steady answer, and then all four enter the ball room, when Mrs. Burns takes Mr; Devereux in one direction, while Sibyl and Mr. Chester go in another to search for Mrs. Van Eyck, and within half an hour they arc driving home. It cannot be denied, though Mia3 Van Eyck'a lover is not a man given to jealously, that the next week is the longest and most uncomfortable which he can remember. Business compels him to go to Boston so early on the morning after Mrs. Burns's party that he does not see Sibyl again, and in spite of her dignified repulsion of Mr. Devereux he cannot forget her pale face and piteous eyes when she had first seen the ' ghost.' He is con vinced that Devereux will do every thing possible for a reconciliation, and he calls himself an insane idiot for having refused to hear the story of her first love, which Sibyl bad seemed to wish to tell him, for his utter ignorance of the circumstances prevents him from being able to judge whether such a .thing could come to pass. To add to his anxiety, during tho four days that he was in Boston, he does not receive even so much as a line from her, though she had promised, half laughingly, to write every day. The result of all of which is that, after having been so absent-minded as to cause his business friends much amazement, he returns to New York two days earlier than he had intended, leaving his affairs very much as he had found them. An hour after his .arrival he his walking up the familiar street on which the Van Eycks live, with 1 great deal of outward cheerfulness, and an odd mingling of self contempt and anxiety at bis heart for he will know his fate in another ten minutes. ' My fate, indeed !' he mutters, -with rather a failure in the way of a smile. 1 If I were anybody else, wliat a jealous fool I should call myself !' Then he starts as if he had been shot, for ascending the steps ,of the Van Eycks' house, with the. confident manner of o'no who does not come for the first time, is Mr. Devereux. Very still stands Mr. Chester— very still and very pale for a man who is ' not jealous norafraidof ghosts' — untilMr Devereux has rung and is admitted. ' I will wait until he leaves ; he will not be long,' he thinks, with a strong momentary desire to follow and con front him and Sibyl together, though all his life he has had the true Anglo Saxon horror of anything like a scene. He walks rapidly down to tbe end of the block, and returns slowly, with his eyes on the Van Eycks' . .door ; but Devereux's visit bids fair to be alengthy one, and he has time to repeat his manoeuvre many times, .to- the great interest of a couple of school girls, who, from an opposite drawing-room window, are speculating excitedly as to what 'Miss Van Eyck's lover ' can be about. It is not very fatiguing for a man to pace up and down a block for an hour, and yet, when that time had elapsed, Brian Chester's face had grown oddly %vom and haggard looking. God pity us all! We can- most of us remember some such hour, whose sixty minutes held an eternity of suspense, but let those of us render thanksgiving all our days who fearnd in that hour only death, not faithlessness for our heart's beloved. It is nearly six when the Van Eycks' door opens and closes again on Mr. Deuercux, who walks quickly down the street in an opposite direction from Chester, but the latter scarcely glances at the receding figure as he springs up the steps. ' Miss Van Eyck is in the drawing room,' the servant tells him, and he passes in. Outside it was nearly dark, and here it is quite so, except when the fire makes a blaze of light ; but he sees her at once, crouched in the corner o£ a sota by the chimney, and weeping — ah ! weeping as even women given to tears weep only once or twice in their lives. At the sight of that drooping figure and the sound of those strangled sobs ; the strong heart of Brian Chester turns faint and sick, for he knows so well, with such wonderful, dreary con viction, just what she has done, and what he must do now. He casts one farewell look about the familiar room where he has been so happy ,- and then hie eyeR return to the woman he loves and suffers for, as only a man can to whom neither love nor jealousy comes easily ' ? 'Sibyl!' he says, abruptly, in an odd, hoarse voice, which vaauely surprises him, it is so unlike his. Don't cry so terribly] there is no need.' She springs to her feet and faces him in the fire-light with 'a low cry, and a lood that changes instantly from surnrise to pity and terror. 'Brian!' she says, tremulously, taking both his ' hands in hers.' 'Are you ill, dear? — or has something dreadful happened?' It ia tho first time she ever uttered his name the' first those shy fingers liavo' ever sought hio, but she does not think of that in fear of the calamity which can have so changed calm, oheprful, philosophical Brian Chester, At the frightened compassion in her eyes, he glances suddenly at the mirror over the chimney, and stares at him self, with, the dull wonder men feel when they are brought face to face with the change an hour's agony oau work in them. '1 am a fool,' he says presently, with a miserable laugh, and dropping into the nearest chair, ho draws his hands from hers and covers his face. For an instant she is silent, amd then the despair in every lino of tho bent figure gives her couragq. 'Dear,' she whisDerai'MeBliug bo- ? ., .aide him, 'surely I, who anl to bas:..^ your wife, may share your troubles^«f '; and— and comfort you?' and ?witljife ' rush of tenderness tbafc nwaepsIi9?'Ola;,';-- -..'. I ? ? ? _ IIB ? IIM /if. ...1,] (VvK T.vqv (7)r. ..,...-, Rrir- / ' r-v iiis !i, id i(j.-._:.'!'s:. 'S-r ,,-dhoulder. Blithe springs .to his feet, with .a flush on his hazard face. 'For Heaven's sake do not make it harder for mo to givo you up 1' he gasps. 'Give me -.up?', she repeats, rising too, and trembling very much. ' You never wrote to mo '—he begins, passionately. 'Because I would .rather tell .you than write,, she interrupts, quickly. But he ? goes on, bitterly ; ' I saw that man leave the house after he had been here an hour, and I find you breaking your heart for him. What have I done that you should think it would accept such a sacrifice ? Do you think I want your life without your love?' He pauses, with a struggle for the self-command that seems to have so utterly deserted him, while she stands silent, with down bent head and clasped hands. I see it all,' he says, presently, in a low voice, whose forced steadiness it takes all His.' resolute will to maintain. ' You have loved only him always, and you sent him away to day that you might keep your faith to me, like the brave, true wonian : you are ; but he will be easy to recall, so— so God bless you !' — and he turns ..rather blindly towards the door. But she stands swiftly before; him without stretched hands and' tearful shining eyes. ' Oh, Brian, I am no heroine, only a foolish woman to whom God is very good. Mr. Devereux .will never again be even a ghost to me. And you— do you wonder that I was crying for those Tears when I fancied I cared for him, and which ought to have been yours, with all the rest of my life—my love ?' —Harper's weekly. 