LETTERS FROM ALLIGATOR LAND. Kill. (from ocr special correspondent.') From, love, religion and politics no man is free, and tbo alligator that pens this corres pondence has been badly bitten by the political tarantula. For. lo and behold, the tocsin of combat sounded, writs were issued, and throughout tho length and breadth of Queens land patriots sprang up, numerous almost as the rabbits, to contest the 72 scats in the Queensland Legislative Assembly demanding occupants. The opposing forces were led by Sir Samuel Walker Griffith aud Sir Thomas M'llwraitb, with hero and there an independent skirmi-her planting be hind a political thorn till it was safe to emerge and rank under the victorious standard. Mark me, standard , noun singular, for In truth there was but one flag, under the "eidolon" of which both parties fought, aud bnt a monody of war cries, to which both combatants rallied; Tho issue was determined by personal partisanship, imperfect organisation, the foolish contempt which goes before a political fall, natural desire of change aud wholesale usurpation of Liberal tenets by Nationalist (?) candidates. Ab for auy political issme, there was none. A blind man, of whatsoever principles, or none at all, would have consistently polled for M'll- wraltli, for be denounced black labor, or for Griffith, for he was prepared to cast out the yellow dog. To him— the blind mau aforesaid —party cries would have leit his vote at the hazard of a die, since in one ear would be shouted " Be a Liberal, aud voto for Griffith aud Australia for tho white man I" while in tbe othari would bevelled in strident tones, " MTlwraith aud no colored labor 1" And yet — but I won't let these letters tonch on politics except in a humorous light. And so to Croydon, which, as being tho largest present .centre of population in the huge Burke district, was the focus of excite ment, for two membors had to be returned, and five candidates, of which tbreo must ultimately feed on tho sour crust of disappointment, proffered their services to tho constituency. Of those five, by namo Hoolan, Hodgkinson. Hunter, Gardiner and Morgan, Hoolan alone seemed to have any idea of a definite programme, which programme was Hoolan and nothing less. In fact, Hoolan was like his countryman whose first question on landing in New York was, " Is there a Govern ment in this coautry ? If there is, I'm agin it." So with Hoolan. He was agin everything, standing as an "Independent Radical," and when asked by a covert foe whether in the event of his return he would support Griffith or M'llwraitb, covering himself with glory nnd his inquisitor with shame by replying, " Will, I support Griffith or M'llwraitb. does the gentle man ask ? Is it which of them will support me. I presume he means ?" And there were three cheers for Hoolan, and I fancy a few extra votes, for cheek goes a long way when not curbed by the bit'of responsibility. Bnt, go where he might and say what he would with delightful naivete and inconsequence, Hoolan offended no one, but, like a political Don Quixote, tilted at all alike, his Itburicl spear and warlike gear being, as he said, an ink-bottle, a pen, a borrowed Rosinantc and a consumptive committee of one Ho didn't get in, but was by no means last, made no enemies and was tbc cause of a lot of fun to himself and others. Did be really desire to get in ? Who knows ? Gardiner was a second failure, aud I fear money wns lost over bis candidature by tbe sporting push, for ho is emphatically what is colloquially termed a good fellow — young, stalwart and popular. But it was not to be, this time at least, though the public-house, interest was largely in bis favor, and if banners, rosettes, barmaids' smiles and blue ribbons could have carried the day he would have ridden triumphantly from the poll Hodgkmson, who was member for The Bourke 14 years ago, Btood for tho district ou sentimental grounds, having been offered loss distant and less expensive scats. He bad also a requisition signed by, as was alleged, 1438 voters, and though he got in by a large majority, despite a wholesale rejection of votes ou tbc ground of informality at ono or two obscure polling-places, the total number of votes polled in his favor wa9 less than 800, leaving almost an equal number to be mourned for as cone before. Hunter is a gigantic youth, inqcnSt informe — scd non—cui lumen ademption standing as Iiodgkinsou's colleague and with him returned, both being adherents of the party now relegated to the cold shades of oppositiou. Of Morgan I will say nothing except that he was politically speaking "ploughed for smalls," being at the foot of the poll, which position, having been an under graduate, may not be unfamiliar to him; But the fuu, and the drink, aud the charming mutual courtesy, and the press— for Croy don runB three papers— to wit, Hooian's, which nncnt Hodgkinson's first address said it didn't think much of the 81-ton gun, to which, of course, Hodgkinson retorted that be didn't boil small potatoes iu heavy ordnance. Morgau also has a sheet termed the Golden Age, while the leading organ of the field, the Crot/don Minei\ is edited by a Mr. Harris, whose zeal . in tbe cause of Liberalism was great and— effective. And at one mining camp was an imitatioo rat, in derision of Hodgkinson, hoisted ou a poie, which pole was reared upon a store, which store excited tho hostility of Hodgkinson's supporters, who were urgently pleaded not to commit any breach of the peace and not to insult the party symbol of their oppo nents, which was a "goak," and had the de sired effect of. causing the rat to be held sacred by Macrossan's supporters, that gentleman, and not Hodgkinson havin.tr deserted the Lihoral housa for the splendor of M'lhvraith's tawdry national palace. But the Croydon Miner and the Croydon Golden Agey like two three-deckers of Nelson's day, lay alongside duriug the entire contest, pouring broad sides into each other and raking up the antecedent sins of the several can didates till everyone lost temper and said bitter things except Hoolan, who still was Vhomme qui rit and didn't care a Pinafore D. for anyone. For Morgan said Harris was a false prophet, which was true, as Harris' paper was seized at the instance of poli tical opponents, which surely was illusory profit on tbe surface ' though it turned out true gaiu, the pubiio which likes fair play and nothing shabby coming to the rescue. And Harris said Morgan was a rabbit, which may or may not be true if be meant a Welsh one. And the candidates used to wake up in the morning aud acknowledge plaintively U jeu ne vaut pas la chandellt aud ask themselves, "Am I an apostle of balderda-h ? Are these rabbit eai-9 ? Did I rob a church ? Was it 5s. or £5 I gave to the hospital ? Am I insolvent? Did I pawn my grandmother's false teeth ? Have I broken every law la the decalogue and made a lot of new sins to boot ?" And when the poiliug-day came, the colors, the rosettes, the cabs, the spaviued screws galloping about ! The gentleman who promised to return thanks for his return, but not being returned escaped the trouble. The gentleman who wont to bed to sleep off excitement and— well, sodawater, with a cynical disgust of everything, himself included. But, above all, the noble, manly miners who trooped miles to record their votes and. endorse, the action of their fellow-miners of Char ters Towers and Gymple. And tbe re- tnrhlng-officer, who got all the critical kicks from both sides and mighty few of the half pence, declares the poll, and the .political ferment seethes down, leaving a dirty taste in the mouth of rancorous abuse and fonl- tongued. slander. During this election but little work was done, though the sittings of the District Court took piaoe and sundry malefactors of more or less evil record were dealt with. But the dry season and dessicating west winds which do duty for wintor in north-western Queensland havo not been Idle nor suffered delay through politics or law, but have lapped up the surface water and wilted the grass of the field to the injury of all. For the season has been un usually dry and the roads never wholly closed to heavy traffic ; in consequence of which the storekeepers who have been playing a heavy game of bluff with nature and lost find them selves with large stocks, a falling population and a prospect of oxteasivo credit or no busi ness. This serious position is by no means unknown in the Queensland northern fields, where, asa rule, the roads are impassable from wet for five to six months, and the storekeeper, well-stocked at the- commencement of .the wet season, gets fancy prices till traffic is re-opened. But if, a3 in this case, there is no wet season, or one so slight as practically not to stop transit, and if, as i9 the case so far at Croydon, thero is no alluvial gold to keep the pot boiling and no water to keep the quartz mills running, thea is the store keeper iu evil plight, for with little or no gold coming weekly out of tho rctortst ho must strand on the Scylla of refusing credit to his customers and thus driving them off tbe field, or the Charybdis of standing to bo shot at for months ou very uncertain security, with the certain strain of cash payment for carriago and high interest for the renewal of his trade bills. So a happy thought in some respects struck one or moro ingenious gentlemen, and they went round the town with a portentous document crying oat evil times are coming, and call ing a public meeting for the commence ment of relief works by Government and thn burning of tho loan vote at both ends by commencing the Croydon and Normanton railway simultaneously at its two extremities. But this poor charitable rooster would not fight— nay, ncarcoly crow — for the digger is no fool, aud saw at onco that the storekeeper having played cut-throat cucliro against his (the miner's) needs aud lost, wished to get out of it at the expense of the colony, and the establishment of relief on cash terms by tbc sale of bi9 superabundant stock. And the magnates that rulo the Capricornian com mercial hemisphere retired discomfited, and their satellites who were set up in stores and pulled down at their autocratic whims glowered gloomily. About this time Croydon saw ghosts ; for the spectres of dead men went to the polling-booth and demanded tickets, and tne Seven Churches of Asia were represented by scvcu personators whose names faded from the memory of those living. But tho scruti neers found them out aud the returning-ollicor reported them, and tho great eye of the law, greater even than the eye of Parkes, is upon them. Not altogether evil will be tho results of tho trial Croydon must undergo during tue coming few months from the scarcity of water In the first place, about one-half of tho publics will bo shut up, aud with them tho army of talent who, like the lilies, are gorgeously arrayed yet beg not and to dig are unfit and ashamed. With them will also go many other parasites that feed upou the miner, leaving tho field free to develop in a legitimate way its undoubted large resources. Mining will replace feverish speculation, good men will get good wages with rogular employment, and worthless men will no longer taint the place with an ovil reputation as the grave of honest enterprise. Wells are being sunk in certain main camps to provide water for domestic supply. A diamond drill is wall on tbe road to bore for underground streams, the average of crushlugs continues good, the prices of necessaries of life must be reduced, the shilling nobbier is doomed as an anachronism as soon as some energetic business man grapples the fact that carriage at from as low as £7 a ton to 10, for heavy machinery means 50 per cent, profit on a sixpenny drink. Crushing mills will compete for public suppoct, when the dams are again fall, by perfecting during this en forced lull their at present somewhat de fective appliances, and shafts can bo put down at a much cheaper rate now than if the surface soil was in its wet weather phase of a saturated &pougc.; So it is an ill wind that blows no one good, and Croydon will in the long run not altogether loso by what is looked upon and to some extent un doubtedly is tbe trying teBt of her stability. Be sure, however, she will emerge triumphant as a large factor in the production of mineral wealth and a link in the girdle of gold by which Queensland is clasped. You seem to have taken the Chinese trouble badly iu Now South Wales. The disease has afflicted Queensland for years. It hns depopulated the Palmer, disturbed the social relations of the colony aud degraded labor. At Croydon it almost caused an cmeute, and but for the undisguised opposition exhibited by the paid servants of the people John on Croydon would be an unknown quantity. But though no order was given or attempt made to oust Chinamen in lawful occupation, instruc tions were wired to clear off aliens illegally on tho field, but owing to the causo aforesaid the effort ended in a fiasco. For, in truth, the pot boy who echoes the blood-curdling threats of the anti-Chinese agitator - mashes in a Chinkie washed shirt, and his master places before his boarders in a spirit of faith hash com. pounded by long-tailed cooks. Iu Queensland John ha9 not, in many cases, got a wife. Yet thore are instances, though nob on Croydon, where he has one at least. Sometimes she is a European, sometimes — but more rarely — a Chinawoman ; iu one or two cases, at- least, a Chinese lady. Etiquette, iu this colony at least keeps the Chinese lndy strictly at home; the only one known in the north has not for years crossed her threshold in the eye of white man, bat resides iu an upper story of her hus band's place of business day after day, week after week nnd year after year. . Sometimes, but very rarely, her husband, who is a highly honorable man in all his dealings, in troduces as a great compliment some European of position and character for whom he feels a respect. In such cases, after mack formality, the hostess is found seated on a sort of dais, gorgeously dressed, decorated with valuable jewels, and vory dignified. You remark on the state of the weather and extend your hand. She gives it a feeble pat. murmurs " blandee " welly good, pointing to tbe bottle, good day aod the interview is over. Au erratic friend once tried to auiinate this piece of femininity into a flirta tion, squeezing her band and looking into her lack-lustre eyes with woll- simulated fervor. For a second she lived and spoke some few words to her husband, who, with a snavo and blaud-liko smile, said to friend aforesaid : "I got another wife in China ; you like this one I sell bcr. How mncheo ? You buy, plenty squeeze hand." No sale took place. By-tbe-bye, this lady had a Chinese domestic, who, coming to marriageable age, found a Celestial husband. Some wicked men residing in the place persuaded the happy man to celebrate his marriage in due form by a dinner to the leading officials of tbe place and other members of tbe £lite. At the same time, but in another place, a dinner was given to the Chinese democracy, the European aristocracy and the Chinese bridegroom dining together. Everything that money could buy or liberality and ingenuity could command was supplied. The local band was engaged. Tho leading local official was in the chatr, the bridegroom, stolid bnt hospitabla, on bis right. A humorous croupier and a numerous circle of gueBts filled tho table. Dinner commenced at 7 p.m., but it was not for a good couple of bours that the vast variety of courses, native and alien, were got through. Then began tho toasting, a pre-arranged plot. First the Em peror of China, in compliment to the nation ality of tbe host. Then her Majesty the Queen. Then the Prince of Wales. These purely official toasts lasted till 11 o'clock, and would have lasted till now but for one gentleman, who was warmly contend ing that the 200 odd morganatic wives of his Celestial majesty should be toasted sepa rately, falling beneath the table prematurely drunk. This expedited matters a bit, but it was 2 a.m. before tbe health of the lovely bride had been honored, aud well-nigh 4 before the bridegroom (who was told it was de rtgueur for him personally to respond to every toast, and tried his best to do so, though sitting or standing fast asleep) was permitted to rejoin his spouse. With which yarn we, will go to sleep also, leaving strict orders to be called in time for Cobb and Co.'s coach, which sails at 7 a.m. for Nor manton . 