THE LATE-FOOTRACE. An Adelaide River- cowesponiehf" signing himself " A Backer of Wedd," writes as follows under date July 30 : Sta-In last week's issue 1 noticed a paragraph on the foot race between Wedd and Baxter,.?aun-.at the Adelaide Rii-ur on the 22ñRTVuly/signad!.4j¿¿V Play." I, like others present, am of opinion that this was not a fair race, as Wedd, finding his opponent pithing him very hard, deliberately crossed him, not givmg^Baxter the .ghost of a show, and completely throwing him out of the race. This race was not run over a roped track, as there was a fall understanding ^between the runners that <*ach man should ke»p on his own side. Havirïg 'spun th" coin Baxter won the toss, and selected the right hand side pad, while Wedd had the left. Wedd jumped away with a yard and a half lead, and at 50 yards Baxter was catching him quickly, whereupon Wedd crossed him, and at 30 yards from home Baxter had to push Wedd out of his road to prevent running over him. This threw Baxter out of the race, who pulled up ; Wedd passing the winning post with a lead of ten yards. The judge (Mr. Brown, Inspector of Bridges) gave Wedd first past the post, but at the same time acci-ptiti protest entered by Baxter claiming a foul. The iudge and those present thought it a fair thing for the race to be run over again, Baxter being quite willing to (who, if he chose, could have claimed the stake) bat Wedd would not hear of it, saying the judge having given'him *first past the post he was therefore the winner. Later on the same evening Wedd and Baxter agreed that-the same stake should be run for on the 4th'August, on the race course, Palmerston. I since hear from very good authority that Wedd has with- drawn from the contest. Thia, I'm sure, wUUower him ia public opinion as an "amateur' runner.--Yours,- «fee, A BACKER OF WEDD. Mr. George Baxter writes as follows on the same subject : ' Adelaide River, July 31.*' Sir Reading a paragraph in your issne of the 28th inst, re the footrace between Wedd and myself, I .think it is only fair to myself to let the public know both sides of the affair before judging. I wish simply to state that no mention is made in your columns of us tossing for sides before the race, in which we mutually agreed on. And I think the unmanliness was displayed in Wedd, for he was the first to break the conditions we agreed to. I therefore think I was quite justified iu entering, a protest In one part pf your paragraph you state that Wedd got' away with a lead of a yard and a half and that I was unable to catch him, and he (Wedd) winning by two yards. This I beg to differ, as I did catch him, and pushed him-not tipped bim, as you say, with my fingers. Had I uot entered a protest the public would think it was one of the kind of footraces that has been run here of late, the losing man . to., gain more than the winner. " My opinion of it all is, that Wedd met a better man than he expected. I now challenge him, or any other man, to run 150 yards, and allow £25*tcr* £20, or* -£50 to .£ffl, race to come off iu Palmerston one month after covering my deposit of £5. Mr. V. V. Brown, stakeholder. Race to be run between ropes. Hoping to hear the truth ou future occasions.-Yours, «kc, GEORGE BAXTER. 