% PUT TO THE TEST. '?:/-'r ' By ERIC. ..? CHAPTER XVIII.-(Continued). ?''Bufc-^-but-,' I stammered, getting very red and confused, ' you don't care for me at all.' '' We need not keep it up, you know, unless we like,' he said, quite coolly. ' Just give those two time to Bettie everything ; eh, do you see ? Of course we should have to appear as if we were really engaged. I suppose you would'nt object to call me Felix ? ' ' No, I should'nt mind that,' said I, not men- tioning how often 1 had done so already behind his hack ; ' but isn't it dreadfully deceitful ? ' Felix put on a comical face. '"Not at all,' he replied. 'We may find we like each other well enough to fulfil our engagement.' '.Oh no/ said I, so emphatically that he could'nt help laughing. . ' Well, we will say nothing more about that just now. But you must remember that we are engaged from this time, and behave yourself accordingly.' ' Am I to tell Ida ? ' ' Tell her of our engagement ? Certainly, but, if you can possibly help it, don't let her know its object, or she may spoil everything.' ' I'll try, but I am a bad hand at disguising my feelings.' 'Do you dislike me BO much ? ' he added, half vexed. ' You know I do not dislike you at all, Felix ; only -- ' . ,\ Where have you got to, Fay ? Come in ; Ida wants you.' This .was Di's voice calling me, and I left Felix at once, without another word. ' Ida was lying on a low couch, drawn up near the breakfast room window, which looked out on thc harbor, with that far-off look in her eyes which I had noticed before she went away. \- ' It is such a comfort to have you back, dear,' . Lsaid, sitting down beside her. ' I missed you dreadfully.' . ' Dear old Fay, I am so glad to see you ! But what .have you been doing all this time ? Sam told mc he saw you in the garden ever so long ago.' ? Oh, nothing ; at least, that is, only talking to Felix.' 'Talking to Felix!' repeated Ida, astounded. ' Oh, Fay, is it all to begin over again ? Am I to have ho peace ? ' *' As' far as Felix is concerned you will,' I ansWeVed, feeling my cheeks grow very red. 'It's my turn now. I-that is, we-Felix and I-are engaged.' I was afraid that this little speech was so clumsy and stupid that Ida would see through it, but she did not. The color came into her face as I spoke, and, forgetting how weak she was, she sprang up and put her anus round my neck. ' Oh Fay ! oh Fay ! I am so glad ! How sly of you never to give me an hint all this time! I never thought you cared for him a bit.' ' Well, I did'nt, you know ; but somehow lately \--Bince you've been away -' 'I see how it is exactly ' (which was a great deal more than I did myself) ; ' and Fay, he is very good, and I am sure you will be happy.' ' I hope so,' answered I, demurely, but inwardly .adding, ' but not with Felix.' 'But you know, Fay, all this will make no difference in papa's views about Laurie. Do you think he would come to Sydney if you asked him?' ' I don't think at all ; I am quite sure of it. Shall I ask him in your name ? ' ' ' I don't know. Perhaps it would not be right; perhaps I ought not ; he might think-' ' * What nonsense ! He is always saying how he longs'to be in Sydney again, poor fellow. Besides, .it is too late now, I have written to him already.' ' Ida; at first, evidently did not know whether to be .pleased or not at my having taken so much upon myself, and she did not answer. ?., < Sam told me to write,' I added, hastily. ' Are you not pleased ? Do you want to hear any moro ? ' ' Yes, yes ; tell me what you wrote." . * I said that you were looking as white as a ghost¿ and as miserable as-as- anything, and that he had better come down as soon as ever he could. You don't mind, do you ? ' '?' I am sure you did it for the best, Fay, dear, and, of course Sam is so kind and so sensible. Only, you see, it seems so important ; and then, suppose Laurie should not-' ' Now Ida ! how can you imagine that Laurie has changed in any way ? He is absurdly con- stant. You need have no fear on that score.' ' I can't think about it,' she said, relapsing into the languid tone which had now become habitual 4to her. ' I can't even think of seeing him again. And oh, Fay! I do so wish there were no need of all,this concealment ! I hate it so.' ' Your father forces you to act as you do, Ida ; it is a shame, and I told your mother so.' '. Hush ! ' she said, gently ; you must not speak so to me, dear. I do hope God will forgive me, for I want to do right, and it is so very, very hard to know/ '' But you could not help yourself this time darling. Sam and I took it out of your hands, Bo we must bear the blame.' \- '' When did you write ? ' './Oh, only last night, so I cannot get an answer before Wednesday or Thursday/ ' You will let me know M IOOU AI you hear ? ' £...-, - "We are engaged after a fashion^Fay/'^he'said, ""[I shouldllike you to wear this." ' Of course, if not before.' ' Do you want to go to Felix now ? ' ' No ; Felix will come when he wants me. Neither he nor anyone else can ever be to me what you are, Ida.' And as I clasped her in my arms I felt a strange thrill of joy to think that it was permitted to me to bear something for her sake. 