THE .8TOftYT£LtER.' Was it a Dream. One day, ia the early spring, I was returning from a trip to the country. I was tired, and lay down to rest in the shade of an old oak tree, close by the banks of tho babbling river. 'It was at the foot of a ereen meadow. and but a atop from the public road. A countryman on his way to to.vn stopped and eiiterod into /con vena- tion, 'in .the course of Which he in formedme that a terrible murder had once: been .'committed beneath, that tree, close to where I was seated. ' He could give me none of the particulars — it had happened long before his day — a fow years after the close of the Revolutionary war : he only knew that one Marsden, a wealthy gentle man, had murdered his young wife and her supposed paramour upon that spot. If he had the timo lie could show me where Marsden's residence once stood, but ho was in a hurry, and passed on. ? These facts made a deep impression upon my mind, and J sat and pon dered over what I had heard without regard to the flight of time. The sun had gone to rest behind the distant ridge of hills; the curtain of dark ness was enwrapping the world ; the stars twinkled forth one by one in the far-off sky; the owl sent forth' his dull, monotonous cry, and the river mnKiea musically onward over its rocty bed, and seemed to bid me rise and follow it ; but I disobeyed its call and lingered on. 1 knew not what a strange experience would be mine ere £ again left the spot # * # The thunders of the war of the Revolution havo ceased to reverberate among the hill and valleys of the new born America; the white flag of peace streams on the breeze, and the busy hum of active labour fill the land; the soldiers, young and old, have all re turned to their sweethearts, mothers, wives, and children, covered with glory and renown, and are bonding thftir energies to the task of making the infant republic the grandest of all governments upon the face of the globe. -». morn in .June; a orignc sun #anu a cloudless sky ; dew drops glittering like millions of diamonds strewn by the hands of fairies over the waving grass; sweet song birds on the branches of every nodding tree, fill tho flower scented air with melody. Stretched beneath a sturdy oak, I rest fi-ll length upon the sward, drinking in all the beauty, the melody, and the per fume of this fair morning. 'What a strange being I am! I have life, thought,and motion, but I am invisible. I know the minds, the feelings and the souls of all witli whom I come in contact; ; but they never feel or seem to know of my presence. But hist! I hear approaching footsteps. I raise myself slightly and see coming towards me a tall, broad shouldered man in the very prime of life — a handsome man, with curling hair ani blazing eyes. Elegantly is he clad in the dress of that period immediately succeeding the Revolution. Some trouble is on his mind, for his brows are contracted and his hands tightly clenched together, and he mutters constantly to himself. I feel that I must be with him, accompany ing him, and knows his way?. So, gliding to his side, together we walk up the sloping pathway in the direc tion of that white, vine-embowered uottage we see yonder up the crest of that green hill. I am not with the poor fellow long before I kuow his trouble. His soul is distracted with jealousy. Ho suspects his young bride of infidelity to him. ' What shall I do ?' he moans almost constantly. ' Oh, what shall 1 do ? The woman whom I had placed above ill others, and whom I hold dearer than my own soul, is false. Perhaps it is Marsden jealousy that has posses sion of me. I can only wait and see — wait and see.' We are now near the house, and from out of the vine-wreathed porch a girlish figure springs, and with light, graceful steps skims over the flower covered lawn to meet and greet her husband. What a rarely beautiful creature she is — with a form so slight, so woldrously moulded-such dewy brown eyes so full of tenderness and sweet expression ! Her fair hair, that gleams and glints in the sun shine, fall over her shoulders like a golden veil, and her lips, red and clear as clefb strawberries, part over teeth whiter than any pearl ever ex tracted from the depth of old ocean. I do not wonder that the husband worships her as wildly as he does. She throws hov ' snowy, jewelled arms around the broad shoulders of Marsden, and holds up the red and fragrant lips to be kissed. I know the man feels like thrusting her from him, and pouring forth upon her defenceless head the fury long smothered within his breast. Far better would it have been had he done so. But he controls himself by a great effort, lightly kisses the little mouth, and walks on in silence to the house, she clinging to his arm. She is a childish, innocent thing, I know. No guile in her heart — no stain on her soul. How terribly L-lind humarity is! I know her tli oughta, and can even hear the blood as it ripples through her veins, and know' that every drop drawn from the warm, trusting heart is consecrated to the broad-shouldered, jealour creature whose name she bears. N On arriving at the house Marsden excuses himself and retires to his apartment. Bowing his head npon a tublp, ho mutters brokenly : — 1 Oh, it muat be so ! Old Poinpey cannot be mistaken. Twice, he says, ha8.8he met him in the last ten days, at the foot of tho meadow by the old oak-tree. Tf I find this report to be true, his life, at loaat, shall pay the penalty for bringing disgrace on the Marsden name. ' . Out, in the girden, in the latticed summer-house a little whito- clad- figure is crouched in ft' corner of the rustic bench, sobbing and moaning softly. ' I miist tell Silas to-ninht. This suspense has been almost unendurable. Silas ia so proud— but then he secured his pardon oncp, nnd gave him money to start aFresh— and he thinks now he is far away. Oh, how angry he would be did he know of this new trouble ! Poor, erring boy, I love him. so'. To morrow ho will be gone, and then I: will tell Silas— my dear, dear husband !' . She rises from her peat, but bIig notices not the scrap of white paper that has fallen from her bosom to the ground. By some strange fatality. Silas Marsden enters the summer house immediately his wife leaves it. Almost the first objeat that greets his gaze is the scrap of paper. Imagining evil in everything, he gathers it eagerly up, and with fast beating heart and changing countenance reads tho follow ing':— - ' Dearest, — Meet me at the old oak tree, at tho foot of the meadow, at dusk this evening. To-morrow sll will be over. Do not fail to come. 'Lovingly. H ? .' Poor, unhappy Silas Marsden. One paroxysm after another of rago and jealousy convulses his frame, and he utters curses loud and deep. Murder is in his heart, and it is some time before he grows calm enough to form his plan of action. Out in the sunny world all is joy and gladness. Tho crickets chirp out clear and shrill ; myriads of birds pour their sweetest songs ; and the breezo, as it sweep- softly onward, bears upon its bosom the perfume of a thousand flowers. But all this brightness, all this song and happiness, are not shared in by the miserable ' Marsdon. His blood surges through his veins like seething molten fire, nnd his heait feels as if it would tear itself asunder. Back to the house he presently rushes, and, calling his wife to him, hurriedly tells her that he has been summoned away on urgent business, to be detained he does not know how long. The innocent wife knowing not what is in his heart bids him good-bye and wishes him success. The green- eyed monster, rankling in his soul, makes him fancy that she smiles and is cheerful at his depar ture. Fearful of losing his selfcontrol, he rushes off and away through tho sweet-scented forest toward the vil lage. # # * Night, dark,«loomy niaht. The sky an unearthly, lurid hue ; the atmos phere heavy and oppressive ; the occasional flash of lightning ; the sullen mutterings of thunder among the hills ; the soughing sight of the wind in the tall tree-tops ; the weird wailing o? the great-throated frogR in the river ; the low flight of the leather winged bat, all tell of an approaching etorm ? Odd ! but there, by tlmt old oak tree, at the foot of the Marsden meadows, a man and woman are lin gering. By the strange light emitted from the clouds I sea them plainly. He is tall and hadsome, she is slight and graceful. The woman is Slight Marsden's wife — the, man — well, I know, because I know everything — but the trembling angry man here at my sidy does not. Tilns Marsden and I, his constant, invisible companion, are here behind the decaying tree that had been riven and blasted by the lightning's bolt. Tie is nervously clutching a gleaming pistol, ; I gazing passively on. We hear the voices of the man and the woman. They are talking low, and it seems, lovingly. Now they are about to part. We see the man reach out his arms and draw the ? woman to his breast. We hear him say, 'Pare well, my love, ' and his lips met her's in lingering kisses. My God ! The man at. my side leaps forth from his concealment with an awful cry — such as I had never heard before — of mingled rago and despair, and fires his pistol several times in succession at the couple. An owl, alarmed at tho unusual commotion flaps heavily away among the trees ; a dreadful, death-like silence now reigns ; the sky assumes a blood- red hue, and imoarts to all objects, the same horrible colour. Oh 1 it is a terrible night, and my heart grows numb with a ghastly terror, and lthe very marrow freezes in my bonen. \ Were the shots offective? Yes, very. For the man lies motionless and dead, never moving after falling s\o violently to the ground. At a little distance from him lies the woman^ moaning and gasping ; her white dress; all stained and dabbled with blood ; thei rosebuds falling withered and dying! from her golden hair, and the jewelled hands clutching convulsively at tho trembling grass. Oh ! it is a terrible night. No sooner are tho shots fired, and the man sees his dreadful work, than remorse seizes upon him, and he rushes to the side of the prostrate woman, and tenderly lifting her head from the ground, pillows it upon his bosom. The great brown eyes unclose for an instant, and a light of joy illumi nates them; the pule lips mumur caressingly, ' My poor brother — dead — Silas, my hufbnnc — my own — 'But the sentence is never finished, for the sunny heads full back, tho loving eyes close for ever, iind tho spotless, innocent- soul is quietly borne by angel hands over jasper sea, through the 'gates ajar,' to life and rest eternal. A terrible light dawns upon the unhappy, murderer. With a hoarse cry of agony he rushes to the dead man, and bending low he looks closely at the upturned, rigid face. The countenance tells an awful tale. 'My God!' he gaBps. 'My wife'o outlawed brother! I thought he was far away! Oh why was I so fearfully blind?' He rises from the ground, an ' dashes like a hunted animal into the depth of tee forest. Aflnsh of lightning; a hurst o thunder, and the threatened storm bursts forth. Ob, it is a terrible night! ' *??#??# A wretched wanderer in Europe, under an assumed name, after a lapse of two years, I again see Silas Mars den. Over the snow-covered ino'un-' tains of Switzerland, tho sunny slopes of Italy, the vine-clad hills of Ger many, the bonny vales of France, the foggy streets of London, the gay resorts of Paris — here, there, everywhere, he has sought the btassed boon of peace — surcease from sorrow. But, alas ! it is not granted him. A haggard, half crazed man, he wandors on and on, plunging into all sorts of recklessness and debauchery, seeking for that which is denied him. Constantly his innocent victims are with him — in the waking hours of the dread midnight, in the full glare of the noonday sun, in tho crowded city, in the quiet country, he sees their blood stained forms. Hourly he curses him Belf and his blind jealously. Poor man — hard, indeed, is his position ! Now we are back again in America, in the third storey of a squalid hotel in the lonely quarter of great city. It is midnight.and the annivorsiry of that terrible murder in tho Marsden meadows. Again a fearful storm is raging. For three days Marsden has been without rest. For hours he has lain there upon that miserable cot, listening to the howling storm, striv ing to forget the past. The hour of midnight, rang out by a clock in a neighbouring belfry, is born quiver ingly by the sighing wind to his listen ing ears. The last stroke dies away. With the old cry on his lips, Marsden springs from the bed, draws a pistol from his bosom, places it to his temple, fires, and sinks to the floor a bloody corpse. * * * Beneath the spreading boughs of the old oak by the river, at the foot of the Marsden meadows, I rest again. It is night, calm and clear, with a faint moon shining in the sky. Suddenly the air grows dense with a sulphurous odour, and from out the gloom comes Silas Marsden, with the same haggard, restless look upon his fuce. He laps ono skinny t:and upon my shoulder and greets me a9 he would an old acquaintance. The air grows heavier with the sulphurom smell, a ghastly hluo light illumes tho scene; the hand resting on my shoulder seems burning and searing fny flesh to the very bone ; a strange horror pre vades my system — I try to scream, aud make a desperate effort to leave the 3pot ; a beil suddenly booms out with * sullen roar, and I find myself stand ing, dazed and bewildered, in the public road, a fow feat from the spot where I lay down to rest at the beginning of this story. I had certainly been asleep, and the night was far advanced and dark as pitch. All was Btill as death save the murmuring of the little river close by. I felt like one who had been suffering from a terrible nightmare, and it was with difficulty that I found my way bnck to the village, and to my lodg ings. ? After that I was sick for several days; but the physician Baid my ill ness was oused by lying on tho damp ground. I did hot tell him of my strange experience, nor of the painful condition of my Bhoulder, which lin gered with me for many days. I am not. a superstitious person, but I shall always firmly believe that the ghost of the dead and gone Marsden returned to earth that night and took me with him down the vale of years, and showed me his past life.— Sunday Times. 