ORANGE CELEBRATION IN FREMANTLE. YESTERDAY evening the Fremantle branch of the Orange Institution, the Pride of the Swan Lodge, No. 225, celebrated the first anniversary of their establishment. In the afternoon the members attended divine service at St. John's Church in full regalia, and were addressed by the Rev. D. G. Watkins, whose remarks we give below. After the conclusion of the service the brotherhood attended the laying of the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Church, and in the evening a banquet was held in the Oddfellows Hall. At the banquet the Grand Master, Mr. J. R. Doonan occupied the chair, and Mr. Willis, deputy-master,the vice-chair. There was a large muster of Orangemen, and amongst the invited guests were Mr. J. White, Worshipful Master and Mr. Tomelty, Secretary of the Pioneer of Perth Lodge ; Mr. Pearse, M.L.C. ; Mr. Cong don, M.L.C.; Mr. Fairbairn, R.M.; Mr. B. C. Wood ; and the Revd. R. Hanlin. Mr. J. A. Herbert was .the caterer and his arrange ments gave general satisfaction. After justice had been done to the good things provided, the Chairman proposed the usual loyal toasts and -also*' the pious, glorious, and immortal memory of King William," " the Imperial grandmaster," and "the Grand Master of New South Wales." Mr. Haley proposed the health of the Legislative Council, and in the course of his remarks said he looked upon it as a model body. Its members were condemned as all public men should be, but they were, he thought, a self-denying and disinterested class of men. Mr. Pearse responding, said that it was encouraging for the members of the -Legislative Council to know that they had the support of the Orange Institution in this colony. Compared with the other colonies he thought the Legislative Council of Western Australia shewed well. Mr. Congdon in responding said that ^the nominee members of the Council. occupied a more independent position than any of the other members. They had no constituency to take them to task, and no government _to whom to give account. Mr. Iuiray proposed in eulogistic terms the health of the Bench and the Bar" and Mr. Fairbairn in responding, incidentally referred to the fact that he was the oldest Resident Magistrate in the colony, and that he had served in every district save York. In proposing the toast of the evening " Success to the Pride of the Swan Lodge," Mr. Congdon said that he had carefully digested the rules and regulations of the Orange Institution, and he found that so many good parts and qualifications were required of the members, that it could not fail to be a good society. Having banded themselves together the members had now become a power for good or for evil, and it would be for them to hand down to posterity the good name of their Lodge. He hoped the time was not far dis tant when their power would be felt. Mr. Nugent, Past Master of the Lodge, responded, and said that it was now twelve months since the Lodge was inaugurated. They started with 14 members and their present strength was 91. He believed they had amongst them good Protestant members. Mr. Naylor proposed the " Army, Navy and Volunteers." He had once been in the Light Dragoons, next in the Enrolled Guard, and now he was a Volunteer, and he was not ashamed of the latter force. He believed there was in it the nucleus of a good army. Capt. Humble responded. Although he was the oldest volunteer officer in Western Aus tralia, he was not tired o£ the force yet, and he was sure he was neither tired or ashamed of the Fremantle Volunteers. The volunteers had been sometimes run "down, but for his part he believed in them as much as he did in the regular army. They were just as capable of handling the weapons put into their hands. In proposing "Succsss te the Pioneer of Perth" Lodge Mr. Willis, Deputy Master of the Fremantle Lodge, said tfyafc the Perth Lodge had started at a period when it was greatly needed. He coupled with the toast the name of Bro. J. White who had done his utmost for the benefit of the Institution. Mr. White responded. The Perth Lodge was proud to see how that of Fremantle had increased. He little expected that tlie .olfshoot would have almost eclipsed its parent. Mr. Tomelty proposed the " Clergy and Protestant Faith." He regretted that the sermon with which they had been treated that day was not a representative Orange sermon. He regretted that the Rev. Mr. Watldns should have preached when he was not in sympathy with the Institution. If the clergy helped the movement, they would be assisting in the work of doing away with indifferentism. The Rev. Mr. Hnnlin responded. The large gathering that night augured well, he said for Protestantism in Western Australia, He was sure that the principles of Orangeism were fitted to produce good men and true. He always lookel upon an Orangeman as one who held an opinion on man's relation to his Maker, and who was not ashamed of avowing that opinion. The other toasts were " the Visitors,,' " the Press " and the " Caterer." During the course of the evening Messrs. W. S. Pearse, D. K. Congdon and G. B. Humble avowed their intention of joining the Lodge, and the announcement was received with loud applause. The speeches were interspersed with songs. The proceedings came to a close shortly after midnight. THE REV. D. G. WATEIK5 ON CATHOLICITY AND OBANGEISM. AT the divine service held yesterday, which was attended by the members of the Orange Lodge, the Rev. D. G. Watkins delivered the following address:—Iu bidding you welcome here to-day, I cannot expect everyone to agree with all I say. But I trust every one present will believe me when I say these two things : 1\. That I am glad to see you coming thus to God's house to ask God to purity and ennoble your aims, and to give Him thanks for any. good you have been permitted to do. 2. That standing here in this sacred place I desire to give just offence to no man ; at the same time I must claim the right to speak what I believe to be the truth. I am addressing you as Orangemen : let me begin by giving you all a warning. In the Christian world the Orangeman and the Romanist may be said to represent the opposite poles. But remember it is not that which is published from Rome, which" is necessarily most true. Granted that Rome teaches an immense body of false doctrine, it does not therefore follow that, because you Orangemen are farthest from Rome, all you teach and beheve must necessarily be most true. In common with the great mass of Christians, Rome holds the doctrine of the Ever-blessed Trinity ; of the Incarnation of the work of the Holy Ghost; of the Inspiration of God's word, and every other leading Christian verity. If therefore, you" would guard the truth by merely taking that position which is most opposite to Rome and only that —then if yon acted with consistency, you must become first a sceptic, because Rome holds fast the truth of Revelation. Next you must become a Socinian, that is, you. must affirm that Jesus Christ was only a man, a good, a very good and exemplary man, and nothing more, because Rome holds the Divinity of the Co-eternal Son; and, finally, you must betome an Atheist, because Rome maintains the existence of a God. That Rome held all truth, and well nigh corrupted all truth by her additions, was the charge brought against her by our great Reformers; and this is +he only safe ground for us Protestants to-day to occupy. We must neither shrink from the truth because she holds it; nor because we recognise Rome as a rightly constituted church, may we shut our eyes . to her deep corruptions and intolerable errors; but we« of the Ancient Church of England claim for ourselves, of God's mercy, more than an equality of Apostolic order,with a restorsaon of primitive purity of doctrine. Against this Catholic character of the Ancient Church of England the Romanist and the Puritan alike inveigh, the latter • often because our possession of Apostolic order reproaches him fdr lacking it the former because he knows well that if he could indeed refute our claim he would have removed out of the way the most formidable opponent to his full triumph. Now strange to say the most prejudiced Romanist and the most prejudiced Puritan or ultra- Protestant agree in this, that the Church of England of to-day takes its rise from the Reformation of 300 years ago. The Romanist declares that then the old Catholic Church of England was replaced by new schismatic body; and the Puritan, the ultra-Protestant believes that at the Reformation was founded, and he glories the idea, that there was founded a new church entirely detached and separated from the old and corrupt church. But we of the Church of England utterly deny this concurrent charge. We declare that the Church of England being a part of the one holy Catholic Church of Christ, never in any way severed herself from it, but abiding in it cast off certain corruptions of faith and practise which were contrary to God's Word and primitive use. We declare that in doing this she asserted the duty of referring to God's Word as the one ultimate authority for Christian men ; and at the same time of using all the means available for understanding that word aright. Remember that which the Church of England claims to be Catholic in her teaching, and Apostolic in her origin and descent. She claims to have purged herself from many gross corruptions, and she declares that for doing this lawful and blessed work she was cast off by Rome from communion with her. She declares further that whatever harm has resulted from this schism is due solely to the action of the Church of Rome. I for one believe that the more firmly we all adhere to the doctrinal statements and formularies and the Ancient Church of England —the Spiritual Mother who claims us all as her children—the more firm will be the rampart raised against the unceasing aggressions of the Church of Rome. " Go," she said, " and inquire how Mrs. X this morning. And if she is dead," she added 1 1 ask when the funeral is to be." Mrs. X. is better this morning," was tbe report, and they cannot tell when the funeral will be." Major Gordon, whose medal has just been competed^for by West Australian volunteers has been~temporarily promoted to the rank of colonel while holding command of the South Australian forces during the absence of j Major-General Downes. 