An Artist’s Night of Terror. By J. Crawford Scott. By:profession I am a painter, ana it was at the time when I was an enthusiastic stu dent of art that tho adventure which I am about to narrate befell mo. One autumn I wab‘staying on tho English aide of the Bor der, in that ’* Debatable Land ” which had formerly been the Beene of so many bloody frays. Among my many ambitious project a of those days I had formed the design of painting several picturos representing some of the neBt known scones in the Waverlcy novels, and, just as their great author had done, I had left Edinburgh and made a raid in search of character. I must confess, how ever, that I was only partially successful, I am conscious now that I lacked the imagination that is necessary for the work 1 had undertaken. I had found, as I believed, the exact counterpart of Andrew Fairser vice, but I had met with no Bob Roy, nor bad I seen Diana Vernon. I had begun to think that romance was indeed far removed from reality, when fortuno decreed that I should play a part in events not less strango than those I had met with in fiction. The locality in which I was residing wbb wild and bleak in the extreme. The village in which I lodgod consisted only of a few small houses, and the larger houses in this part of the country were few in number and far apart. I had formed one vory pleasant aoqaintnance in thq person of an olderly •gentleman of meanB, who lived about three miles off. His name was Hepburn, and he was both a landowner and a magistrate. Mr. Hepburn was a man of considerable culture and of much kindliness of heart, and learning that thero was an artist staying in the village be called on me, and a’so invited me to his house. Ho was good enough to' express his approval of my pictures, and, as he proved to bo an authority on tho ant: quarian subjects which I was studying, a friendship quickly sprung up between us. One night, when I was dining with Mr. Hepburn, a storm, which had been threaten ing all day, began to break. Tho wind tobo, the rain began to fall, and we could hear the growling of distant thunder. Mr, Hep burn proposed that I should remain at his house for tho night aud prolmg a discus sion we had been holding, but as I did not wish to trespass further upon his hospi tality, and I had some work which I wished to finish next morning, I thanked him and r030 to depait. 1 had not gone very far from tho house when I began to discover that 1 had made a mistake in coming away, as it was so dark that I could not follow the moorland path, and the rain was de scending in torrents. I resolved, therefore to retrace my steps and take ad van t ago of tho kind offer made me by my host. So I turned and wTent back in tho direction of Mr. Hepburn:a house. After walking some time, however, as I did not reuch it, I was forced to come to tho unwilling conclusion that I bad lost my way. After several vain attempts to discover the direction in which the bouse lay, I set off across the moor in order to reach the village, because, although I was no longer on tho path, I believe I know tho locality of jhe houses sufficiently well to find them, When I had been walk ing for about an hour I found that I had completely wandered^ and that I had no idea where I was, nor what direction I ought to take. ’ The occasional flashes of light ning that for a momeat dispelled the dark ness did not serve to guide, but rather to confuse me. Had there been shelter of any kind I should have remained in tho eamo place till morning, but to remain stationary on the sodden ground while tho rain was pelting and the wind buffeting mo was im possible, although I was afraid of fading in to some holo or of stepping into a quag. When I had been walking for nearly another hour a piece of good fortune befell me greater than I had hoped for. I came to a turnpike road, which with care it wn3 impossible to lose, and by walking along which I know I must eventually reach some house, or meet someone, I had not gone very far when tho first of theso antieipat'ous was fulfilled, as I oamo to un avenue leading off the road, and by following this for about * quarter of a milo I came to a house of large Bize, which appeared looming through tho darknoss. As I looked I saw dis tinctly a light moving first in one window and then in another. Nearly worn out with exposure and fatiguo, I resolved to ask for shelter. Without much difficulty I found the door, and then I knocked. In the Btillneas of tho night, or rather early morning, the sound reverberate! as though the house were empty. I waited a little, but as no one came I knocked again, and, after a few minuteB, a third time. No answer was given to my summons. I con cluded I was denied admission. I chanced to look upwards, and at that moment tho lightning, which I thought had ceased, ap peared again, and the flash revealed to me tho head of a man, who was looking out of an open window only a few feet above me. The light, which had enabled mo tj see him had also, I suppose, made him aware of the fact that he had been observed, for, imme diately' addressing mo in a gruff voice, lie said, " What do you want here at this hour'?” “ 1‘havc been wandering since ten o’clock on tha moors,”.! replied, “ and am almost worn out with fatigue cad exposure, B0l!that I have been compelled to apply for shelter.” “ I’ll come'down and let you in,** was the reply, spoken as it appeared to me in a loss irritated tone. Presently I heard the sound of the door being unlocked, aud then it was opened, just sufficiently wide to permit me to enter, and was quickly shut again, On looking ai the man who had let mein, I concluded that he was a servant. He was about middle *ize, ana wore a home spun suit ; bis face was pale and intelligent, and ho seemod a little over forty years of age. Tho lamp whioh he oarriod gave only a feeble light, y6t it enabled me to see that tho hall was spacious, and adorned, as be came a largo country mansion, with deer heads and other trophies of the chase. “ It id seldom,” he said, " that any oun in my hduse is up at this hour, but I have some friends' staying with mo; and. we have sat talking, forgetful how too time vraa passing.” When I heard him call the house his own I glanced at him in surprise, because, although he seemed to be a man of some education, neither by his spoech, manner, nor appoar ance would I have' supposed‘him to belong to the station which the owner of-this stately residence mast undoubtedly hold. Bidding me follow, he led the way up a broad stair case, and then entered an apartment which 1 seemed to be used both as a picture gallery ! and a library. The room was much longer than it was broad, bat how far it extended I could not see, owing to its aizp and the in adequate light. A candle was burning upon a table, at whioh wore Bested tro men, both of whom were of a distinctly .ower grade and coarser appearance than mj: conductor, One’ of them waB a big, powerful-looking young fellow, and the other ad oldish man, There were several bottloa and gl»B3ea on the.table,;and my heat poured fut a glass of brandy, bidding me drink it, wl^chl did.-He then pointed to a leather-cover® arm-chair and bade me be seated. I rcpli® that l was afraid my wet clothes might liatnago tho chair, at which the old man laigbed comi* cally, and bade me take the ue$t that wau offered me. I made no furfchetpobjection, and was glad to rest at last. I was a short distance from tho tableland th< three who were' seated. by it began to tal l in a low tone, so that I could not oveirheg what was said. -■ I noticed that they were £ 1 drinking freely.. From words that now] and then reached moT.belioved that I was bu subject of their conversation. The young follow made some proposal, to whioh the man who had let mo in objected, and I heard the word “ No; wo have had enough of that.” When ho himself made a countor-proposition it seemed to nmuso tho other two, aa they both laughed, apparently giving their consent. Was it possible they were about to make me the subjest of a practical joke ? My fatigue made me somewhat regardleBB of their de signs, and I bad almost begun to doze, when I was startled by hearing one of the most gruesome sounds that over fell upon ray ears. It was a groan, and 1 could compare it to nothing but the moan of some wounded man in his death agony. I started in alarm, and the three men spraug to their feet and lo<pked at each other with expressions of fear. Ap parently they were aB ignorant of the cause of this noise as I was myself. There was ab solute silence for several • minutes, while they gazed at each other with questioning | loots, and then the same teriible sound was heard again, and was, if possible, more awe inspiring than before. The moan seemed to come from some apartment adjacent to that in which we were, and the wretch who had uttered it seemed to have breathed bis last, ns wo heard nothing more, . The men sat down again, filled their glasses, and began to converse in low tones. While they were thus engaged, a door, which I hnd not observed,' opened at the ond of the gallery, and a tall figure entered Bhroudcd in white. At first I felt no cause for alarm myself, though had I been alone there'would hare been sufficient reason for me to be afraid ; but I have never seen abject fear more plainly depicted than it was at that moment on the faces of my three companions. At that unreasonable hour, in the large, dimly-lit room, whilo the por traits that hung upon the walls, seen through the gloom, seemed almost to bo endowed with life, ihe apparition that was slowly advanc ing towards us was sufficiently terrifying, and I began to participate in the dread which the others manifested. The figure was that of a tall, slender woman, whose right hand was stretched towards us in a warning at titude, while with her left she held part of her white drapery so as to conceal her face, an action which served to intensify thegrtie* somenesa of her appearance, as though it signified that there was still anothor source of terror in store for us, or that she was hid ing what was too terrible to be revealed. After standing before us for a few seconds she walked away in the opposite direction to that in which she had come, and with a final gesture of warning disappeared amid the darkness. When the apparition had vanished there uas a short silence, and then the oldest man rose, with an oath, and said, " Let us get out of this 1” “ First,”said tho youngest resolutely, “ we must dispose of /<//«,” indicat ing me with a motion of Ilia head. There upon the man 1 had first seen filled a tumbh-r with brandy, and, bringing it to me, said, “ Drink it off as quick as you can.” I hesi tated, “ There's nothing w<ong with it,” lie said, taking a mouthful himself, “and you had better do us I tell you,” he added, signi ficantly, at the some time producing from the breast of his coat a kuifo with a long sharp b’ade, on which, to my horror, I saw stains of blood, The other two men Lad ap proached lie, and werestnnding'by his side in resolute attitudes, prepared, if necessary, to aid him. At that moment of supremo fear —for .1 am not ashamed to own that I was greatly afraid—it passed Lhroiigh my mind that only a few hours before 1 had pro nounced life to be utterly commonplace, and bad. believed .the marvellous to exist only in the brain of the romancer. With the know ledge that (resistance was useless, I did as I was ordered, and drained the tumbler, which had been placed in,my hand. It was filled for the second time with the same fiery liquid, and being bold to my lips, 1 was told to drink again. 1 uns scarcely able to obey, but I soon felt that tho confceuts of the glass were being poured into my mouth, and then I became unconscious. . When I recovered my senses, I found my self stretched upon a rude couch in a place which ottered a striking contrast to the scene which was still fresh in my memory. So vividly were tho events iu whioh I had last taken part impressed upon my mind that it seemed as if they had occurred only I a few minutes before, though, as it was now daylight, many hours must have elapsed. From tho smallness of the room W’hero I found myself lying, from tho bare walls and floor, and the absence of furniture, I con cluded I was in a cell of a prison or polioo staiion ; and my conjecture seemed to bo confirmed when, on looking up, I saw near the roof a barred wiudow. All doubt on tho matter, if I had any, was soon set at rest, ■ when a man in the dress of a constable en tered, accompanied by a gentleman, who ( looked like a doctor. “Well, hny mm,” t said the latter ou seeing ino, u you havo got , round at last. Lot me toll you that you ^ have had a very narrow escape of never ^ being sobor agaiu.” I did not reply. My , head ached badly, and 1 was still par- \ tidily dazed and giddy. “ I wouldn’t make j so free, if I wore you,” said tho doctor, j jocularly, u with liquor, tho next time you r get it for nothiug.” 1 He won’t havo the j chance for a few weeks to come,” observed j tho constable, aud they botli laughed, ( Some food was brought me, but I felt little , inclination to oat. Medicine was then given ^ to me. I felt ns tired still as though I had j never rebt.d, aud almost at once fell into a j deep slumber. How long I had slept I did not know, but I was rudely awakened, and, on sitting up, I saw two cjnafables standing besido me. " You tako things pretty easy, young man,” said one of them. “ And why shouldn’t I?” I aBked brusquely, for X wua annoyod by tho inan’B manner, Ho lookod I at mo in Borne surprise, and then, faking a i newspaper from hia pooket, ho said, “ Per- 1 hapa you would like to see this morning’s j papar,” and, pointing significantly to a para- 1 graph, he placed it in my bands, when I i read as follows :—“A daring burglary was < perpetrated yesterday morniug at Solway Park, during tho abaeuce of tho uoblo < owner. About a week ago Lord Twoeda- i muir aud family went tj London, and the I house was left iu the cire of two servants, i both of tho greatest fidelity, the ono a i I young man and the other an elderly house keeper, who has boen iu tho serviou of tho family for nearly forty years. Upon tho ' man servant a murderous attack was made, and, although tho wretches evidently loft 1 him for dead, hopes are now entertained of his ultimate recovery. Ho was first render ed inseinible by a blow on the head, and then stabbed by some shurp weapon. Wo regret to state that the housekeeper was found dead. No marks of violence can bo disoovored, and it is supposed that tho aged domestic Buccumbed to fear, aa her heart is known to have beon affeotsd. There is abundant evidence that a gang of burglars havo beon concerned in this dastardly out rage. Wo aru happy to state that ono of them haB already fallou into the hands of justice, and it is to be hoped that tho rest will aho be speedily approhonded. The thiovoa succeeded in .'obtaining a quan tity of wine and spirits, to which they Becm to havo freely helped themaolves. In tho midst of their orgies thoy seem sud denly to have been scared, aud to havo de camped quietly, leaving behind: them ono of their number in a helpless state of intoxi cation. This fellow is at present lying iu tho district jail, and is quite unknown to tho police. Owing to tho quantity of spirits ho has consumed his condition is pronounced to bo very dangerous, but in tho interests of justice it is to bo hoped that he,will recover. Our reporter has seen him in his unconscious Bfate, rind pronounces him to be;a young man of not very robust frame, but of a very I desperate and abandoned expression. Tho I value of tho property stolen amounts to not less than four thousand pounds. A telegram has been rccoived from Lord Twoedsmuir offering a reward of a thousand pounds for the apprehension of the thieves, nnd the re covery of several valuable heirlooms which ho specifies, and of whioh mention is made of elsewhere. Owing to the absence of the ladies of the family, none of Lady Tweed muir’a eelebratod juwob were in the house at tho time of the robbery. .Tust before going to press bis lordship’s a^ent has brought us a list of the missing articles, which we pub lish, in the hope that in this way tho ends of justioo by loading to the detection of the other burglars. 1. A valuable collection of anoiont Scottish gold and silver coins. 2\. Tho medals and ofch^r decorations of General Tweedsmuir, whioh he obtained in tho Peninsula War when ho commanded the regiment of tho Royal Borderers. Also tho jewol-hilted sword, which was pro I aentod by tho Countess of Noithumberland to tho General on his elevation to tho peer age. 3. Silver plate to tho amount of about a thousand pounds. 4. Some rare curios and uncut gbms. A more detailed list will bo published in our next issue,” When I had finished reading this I laid down tho paper and was about to speak, when ono of tho policemen said, “ Look alivo now, for you have only time to dress and have a mouth ful of breakfast, when you must go before tho Bench.” “Surely,” I oxolaimod, in dignantly, “You don’t toko mo for ono of tho burglars.” “ Oh no, not at all; of course not," was tho ironical reply. “ l wandered, and oamoto tho door asking for shelter, and they lot mo in, I know nothing whatever of them,” “Look sharp. There in no tiino for your story. You will have a chanco of tolling it presently.” Isa* tint by saying inoro I would only expose myself to ad ditional insult, so 1 hold my peace. At tho time, though not now, it seemed singular to mo that I was,not believed at once. On entering the Cnut, and looking towards tho Bench, tho fiist person 1 saw was my friend Mr. Hepburn. Ho was, of course, greatly astonished to see ms. I learned afterwards that people had been searching the moors for mo all tho previous day. The placo was crowded by people who had come to boo ono of tho part’ei pators in the famous burglary. The eonsc ous ne8B of innocence mado m. very bold, and I told my story clearly, wheu I was at once discharged. Mr. Hepburn orrcbirated the fact that I had dined with b in, 1 went into an anteroom to speak to Mr. ITopburn, as thoru was no other ease to be hoard that day. Tho. hoad constable, a d t etivo in plain clothes, and several others came crowding around to learn all 1 could toll regarding tho appearance of tho thieve , “ Bring mo a shoot of white papor and a pencil," vvai i ho reply, Tnen when I had obtained what I sought, while the spectators Btood by my side and looked over my shouldor, with rapid touchos I bogan to draw the faces of tho men I had seen. 1 was doing tho very work to which I had dovoted ray life, but novel* before had my pencil moved so rapidly or to doftly, and as tho facoB seemed to rise from the paper X felt as ono inspired,. Ex clamations of surprise which 1 heard on all sides moved mo to further effort. Ono man, him whom I had first seen, I drew several times, bring out the expressions of cunning, fear, and cruelty I had noted in his features, and which were engraved upon my mind. When at last I looked up I saw only Mr, Hepburn and tho chief constable, “Has any ono recognised thorn ?" ! asked eagerly. “You have proved so uoo I an aitist," was tho constable's reply “that if tiny are not alroady apprehended they cannot possibly escape long.” It war tin greatest praiao my art had over received. 1 do not think'it has gained any gn a.or since. It turned out that all tho men were weU known, though no clues whatever had been obtained till I lent my aid, Tho man who was evidently ringleader had at one time boon in business as a watchmaker, but hid lo^t his money in gambling and lmd thus Bunk into evil courses ; the youngest had formerly been a gamekeeper in Lo.vl Twced muir’s employment; and tho oldest had at ono time been a professional burglar, and it was Bupposod it was through bis aid ih.it tho othors had effeoted an in riucu into tho house. When their trial eamo oil all woro sentenced to penal smvitudo for life, Tho man servant, uotwUl stHiding the fact that ho had been left for dead, ultimately recovered, Tho groans wo 1 o id had doubt less proceeded from him. Regarding tho apparition, tho explanation is not so certain. Some imagined that the faithful old servant, being aware that it was rumore 1 that the house waa haunted, had pel sonified the ghost in order to ecare away tho burglars, and that the effect had proved toomuch for In rand had, coat her her life. Others, m ?ra superstitious, asserted that, though sho bore no marks rf violence, ahe had actually been mi itlu rod by the miscreants, and that it waa her ghost in truth that had appeared. Mr. Hepburn was n ulixious as myaolf to clear up thomyetory, and in my company had an interview after tho trial with tho man who h:ul buen game keeper, and who know tho housakeepor well. This man assured us that tho spectre that had atnlkcd along the room waa nearly a head taller thau the old sorvaut. What my own opinion is respecting this matter I would rather not state, lest I should bo pronounced to be silly and superstitious. But tho reader, who has now all tho facts bofore him, is (jualifiod to form an opinion for/himself. 