THE LIFE AND REAL CHARACTER OF R. G. INGERSOLL, THE AMERICAN ATHEIST. By CLARKE BRADEN. [From the Christian World."] (Continued). As already stated, he is outrageously obscene. His political speeches are objectionable on account of the impure undercurrent that runs through them. Says a banker in county seat in Illinois, "I can tell when Ingersoll is in town, by the crowd of lewd persons who are congregated at the taverns, and the vile laughter I hear I know he is in there telling his vile stories, and and getting off his vile jokes." Said a landlord in another Illinois village, " I do not like to have him come to my house. All the lewd in the vicinity flock like buzzards to a carrion, and blasphemy and obscenity are retailed and roared over till midnight." He objects to Sunday- schools, churches, and preaching, and religious meetings and worship. Judging from the way he spent his Sundays in Peoria he would substitute beer gardens and loafing around taverns and telling vile yarns and blasphemy, for such degrading practices of superstition. He has credit given him for " LEARNING AND SCHOLARSHIP." The writer was once assured that he is a graduate of Yale College. The Bureau that employed him during the winter of 1878-79, announced his lecture on the " Mistakes of Moses," as " the best results of modern scholarship." Such talk is enough to convulse all the mules of Illinois with laughter. The literal truth is that he has not a good common school education. He has never seen the time when he could have obtained a certificate to teach school, by a fair examination. He was not a reader or student, as boy, youth, or man. He spent his time in idleness and vice. He is not a well-read lawyer. He is never employed when legal knowledge is required. He is only employed when rant, de clamation, and abuse, such as he abounds in when he assails Christianity, are desired to buldoze a jury He is extremely shallow as a reasoner. There 'is not a connected course of reasoning in any of his lectures. There is not a logically expressed thought in them. They are made up of ridicule, abuse, misrepresentation, caricature, and falsehood. There is no originality in his harangues, except in the low wit in them. He reads books and stuffs for his lectures. He is the greatest plagiarist living. His " Mistakes of Moses" is taken, almost bodily, from "Colenso's Pentateuch." His "Gods" is a medley. The best portions are taken from Hobbes. Much of the rest from Voltaire, Volney and Payne. His " Ghosts" is borrowed almost without a change. There has been going the rounds of the press a woderful piece of word painting, depicting the evils of intemperance He has quite a REPUTATION AS A TEMPERANCE MAN for uttering it. In Dr. Gunn's " New Domestic Physician" is an essay on intemperance. In it the reader will find the original of Ingersoll's temperance speech. Ingersoll's eloquence is about as genuine as his temperance sentiments. No lecturer repeats himself as he does. When you have read his " Gods," you have nine- tenths of all he has ever said, and the best he has said. After a review of his lectures, we will give a summary of about twenty ideas that occur nearly every one of them in every lecture, and some repeated several times. There are ideas that are repeated in his dozen lectures (for notwithstanding he has over thirty different, titles, he has but ten or a dozen lectures),scores of times, and the most used occur in nearly every lecture. He cannot deliver six lectures in a place without wearing out his audience by repetition. He did this in New York. He had more than could get into the hall the first night The next night hundreds went away. He went and hired Gilmore's Garden, and had seats for nine thousand people. The audience saw, however, on the second night, that he repeated himself, and he did not have in the Garden six hundred. He went back to the hall the fourth night, and did not have it half full, and played out. He never draws three audiences. He resorts to the trick of advertising an old lecture under a new name. I have bought one lecture under four titles, another under three, and several under two titles. A gentleman saw a new lectu re advertised to be delivered in a city some distance from his residence. He spent one day in going, another in returning. He came home very indignant. "1 have heard," he said, "all Ingersoll said in his old lectures. It was a little of his 'Hell,'a little of his 'Ghosts,' and a little of his 'Liberty.' It was A CHEAT." This lack of scholarship, of reading and information, and his plagiarism, account for his cowardice in refusing to engage in public discussion. His little stock of borrowed ideas would soon be exhausted. His ignorance, weakness, and shallowness would be exposed ridicule would be repeated, and be as flat as stale soda- water. Ridicule would become disgusting if repeated several times in a dozen or more consecutive speeches. His lectures are made up of abuse, ridicule, misrepresentation, caricature and falsehood. There cannot be found in them one fair candid statement of anything that he opposes. His chief weapon is ridicule and caricature. His wit is of the same false, coarse, blasphemous, abusive, obscene character as that of the low clown, or buffoon, the street gamin, or the bar-room or the street loafer. Those who roar at it, and think religion must be an absurd, ridiculous, contemptible thing, because it can be ridiculed by caricature and falsehood, forget that it is the most sacred things that can be most easily ridiculed and caricatured. The holy passion of love between the sexes is the theme of more than half the ribaldry and jests over which impure human nature roars and laughs. The love of mother for her child, the modesty of the pure mother, the feebleness of the hoary head, whose grey hairs are in the eyes of the decent, a crown of honour, are especially the themes of CARICATURE, RIDICULE, AND BBUTAL JESTS. Ingersoll, in low crowds, in bar-rooms and saloons, can ridicule the sacred passion of love, make sport of hoary heads, and caricature our holiest emotions, just as he can the sacred things of religion. Are they, therefore, absurd or contemptible ? Shall we listen to such brutality ? Shall we gather in crowds and roar over ribaldry, be recreant to our love for wife, child, and love and respect for parents, because he can caricature and ridicule them in brutal ribaldry? Doubtless he could ridicule all sciences in the same way. As absurd and ridiculous phases of science can be presented, as he can present of religion. Shall we therefore abandon science ? Those who think that, by his laughter of fools, so like the crackling of thorns under the pot, he has overturned religion, are guilty of infinitely greater folly ridicule is the cheapest and most contemptible of weapons, and most easily wielded against the sacred and venerable, for caricature has to take but one short step, and that by falsehood, from the sacred to the ridiculous ; and this road Ingersoll always travels, and gaping crowds roar and laugh as he, on the slack rope of his imagination, perform his feats of ground and lofty tumbling. " But he gets crowds, and five hundred dollars a night." So do Black Crook and obscene and profane farces, and for the same reason. Thousands will flock to see a monstrosity, a two-headed calf, or six-legged pig, and a score will visit a masterpiece of painting or sculpture. Emerson will draw a hundred to a free lecture, and Ingersoll a thousand at fifty cents a piece. A young man replied in the presence of the writer, to that boast by an infidel:—" Virtuous laboring women get six dollars per month. Inmates of gilded palaces of infamy, get more per night." It is, however, a sad, terrible reflection on public taste and morals, that such is the cise. It is A TERRIBLE REFLECTION, on the intelligence, decency and fairness of infidels, that such a man is their champion. A sad reflection on the American public that such a man can draw crowds in such work. Ingersoll has injured the Republican party by his abuse of the other party, his coarseness, his misrepresentation and falsehood. He began a speech in Cincinnati, " Show me a drunkard, a thief, a man who whips his wife, and I will show you a Democrat." His attacks on religion are of the same character. Does the reader object that I am too severe ? In February, 1879, a blind gentleman, the editor of a paper, and a sceptic, was introduced to him. He pleasantly remarked, "l am a Freethinker myself, but I cannot accept all that you say." Well—— you, who asked you to accept it ?" roared this apostle of free-thought. The editor left the room immediately, feeling that he had been insulted by a ruffian. (To be concluded,) 