OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (FBOM OUB OWN COBBEBPONDENT.) WEDNESDAY, October 31. The death of Mr. Dalley has cast a sombre tinge over the events of the week. He was man for whom almost every man had a regard Free and easy epicureans adored him because, like them, he made no secret of his intention to enjoy life. Politicians, even those who most bitterly opposed his policy, were compelled to respect him on account of bis commanding ability. He had the rare and inestimable gift of being able to move men's wills and influence their affections where les9er lights found them selves laboriously endeavouring to enlighten their understandings. Of course this only ap plies to the ordinary rank-and-file and his own party, whose prepossessions were already settled in hiu favour. There was staunch, bard-headed minority whom he could never influence, who saw clearly the flaws in his brilliant devices, and on whom it always devolved sooner or later, to remedy the mischief they had caused. But even these, while they distrusted the politican, could not but admire tbe man. He owed his chief power to the bright, genial and sympathetic temperament, supported by a rare tact and experience of men and of history. No one could leave his presence without feelini that he had, or might have, a powerful personal friend. Nor did his good will end here. Many instances of his magnani mous generosity and prompt liberality are spoken of, and there are doubtless many more which will never be known ou this side of eternity. A man of such magnetic influence and power and such intellectual ability might if solely devoted to unscrupulous ambition have been as great an enemy to bis country as Napoleon Bonaparte was to France. What he expected from the military resources the people, and ~ how little regard he paid to the constitutional restraints by which the activity of those resources is wisely strained, may be gathered from the history of the Soudan expedition. No difficulties would have daunted him from forming a conception and a plan, no scruples would have prevented him from putting his plan into execution. The difficulties he would leave to those who ven tured their lives to overcome them, the siruples to those who felt tbem. On the other hand had he devoted himself to that political life for which he was so well fitted, he might have been an active force in the regeneration of his country But, 60 far as outsiders can read his character, the same considerations which prevented him from achieving a more unenviable distinction than pertains to him as a a self-appointed military dictator, also prevented him from greater achievements in a more laudable direction. He loved, as I said before, to enjoy life. He entered politics only when the victory had been achieved, and he could take his place with acclamation as the cynosure of a triumphant party. The toils and vexations "of opposition he consistently eschewed. Still, it is given to no man to be perfect, and, while truth compels me to endeavor to form an accurate rather than a flattering estimate of the distinguished man who hag just been removed, I cannot forget that he was distinguished—that he occupied a prominent position in the eyes of his fellows, not by virtue of adventitious circumstances but by virtue of great endowments, which, on the whole, were not unworthily directed. From the dead to the living is always an inevitable transition. Among Mr. Dalley's most prominent remaining disciples must be reckoned Mr Dibbs, who glories in the influence which his'departed chief has excercised over his polltical beliefs and actions. Mr. Dibbs has just been elected leader of the Opposition. Not that this is any great honor. He was leader last session, and it was no uncommon position for fcitn to find himself without followers. This untoward situation was partly due to his own impulsive waywardness and obstinacy, partly to the ill- disguised ambitions and bickerings of bis " supporters," of whom there are at least six who regard themselves as much better fitted for the chief position than the gentleman who now occupies it. I don't know that this state of affairs need be quite so severely visited on the Opposition as it is by the press writers on the dominant side. In a state of affairs like that which obtains at present, when all the prizes go to the supp irters of the Government, it takes a man of some strength of mind and great independence of character to belong to the Opposition at all. And men of this description find it at least as difficult to agree with one another as with those who are more docile and biddable. To do them justice, I must say that the Opposition, so far, have evinced no desire to resort to factiouB obstruction. The only delay that has yet been experienced is that which is caused by the tardiness of the Government in bringing forward the proper business. The session can only be a very brief one, and even a single day can be ill spared if the business is to be transacted properly. Everything comes to him who waits. At Wollongong the tide seems to have turned in favor of the long-suffering licensed victualler. All over the colony he is threatened with the operation of a remorseless local option law, which is not only intended to limit his output of manufactured products, but to take away his very means of subsistence. Of course I need hardly explain that in the eyes of the teetotallers, the "manufactured product" of the publican is the confirmed drunkard. Without stopping to discuss that question. I may state that in the pleasant little township aforesaid the rum selling interest is strongly represented in the Borough Council, and it has been doing a little "local option" on its own account. It has secured the passing of a by-law, which enacts that in Wollongong any persons marching through the streets as a musical procession shall be liable to fine and imprisonment. Nothing to them that this right was freely conceded in every other towu in the colony, even in the crowded streets of Sydney. They had their local powers, and they meant to use them according to their own interpretation of them. For my own part, I must say that I think they have strained tbem to an altogether unjustifiable pitch. I find it very hard to believe that it was ever contemplated to allow municipal magnates, who in many cases are ignorant of the first principles of jurisprudence, to pass laws affecting the liberty of their fellow-citizens, even when they disapprove of their religious belief or proceedings. Still less can I imagine that it was ever intended that the whole paraphernalia of national justice, our police force, our warders, and our gaols, should complaisantly be placed at the di-posal of any form of local bigotry which happened for tbe moment to be paramount. Perhaps I am hardly a reliable guide in this matter, for I must plead guilty to a very firm belief that if the imprisonment of any section of society is a panacea for our woes, we should suffer much less from the permanent incarceration of «• Brother Bung" and his best customers than from that of the Salvation Army, grotesque and mistaken on many points of practice as I believe them to be. As, however, I have little faith in the virtues of imprisonment in any case, perhaps this confession of faith is irrelevant. Anyhow, the Borough Council strained its powers to pass the by-law, and it was ably seconded by the civic Solons. Repeated prosecutions brought down the strength of the recalcitrant Salvationists to two individuals, all the effective male members being lodged in gaol at the public expense. Of these two one marched up tbe street playing a cornet. Theu there was only one. The performer was promptly summoned. He thought be had circumvented the obnoxious law, as he triumphantly pleaded that one man could not possibly be a procession of men, and as a Salvationist was never, or at least, hardly ever, knnwn to be musical, the presumption was that he could not be a " musical procession." But tbe Bench promptly overruled him. He was " proceeding," therefore, said the local luminary, he was a procession. He was playing a cornet, therefore he was a " musical precession "—two astounding dicta which might well make the ghost o£ Lindley Murray turn uneasily in bis grave—that is to 8*y, if the worthy grammarian is still there, which I don't believe for a moment. What can be the intellectual atmosphere of a place where such things are possible is entirely beyond my comprehension ; still more 60 is the mental and moral condition of a Governmet which can permit them. 