The Ladies' Gallery.* CHAPTER XII. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, M.P., AND MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. It was the last evening. There had been a slight delay. As the day waned there had crept up the Channel a gray thick fog, through which the steamer glided slowly, her fog-horn giving forth at intervals discordant eerie shrieks. It reminded Berenice of the night when they had sat on deck, and Ransom had told the story of Binbian Jo; only that to-night tho mist was denser. Every now and then a great signal flambeau waved at tho steamer's side, and shed its moments of rod flamo ou tho sea, and of luminous smoko upon the deck and tho groups scattered here and there upon it. The band was playing below. Scarcely any but 'he Engli.-h-bound p.iw ngei> were above. It. was expected that, they would arrive nt Southamp ton somewhere about midnight. Tony Strang'? was r"stlo:-sly pacing the deck, lie wiis excited at the thought ol' what win before l.im. "11" I hadc-fdy Kiinsnm's money !" Ti..- li-.i.;. if prlii,-.. i. . :•• tl i-( v.-1.in.l .)'. "Th>> Ladies' Cillery' h:i.-< l»v:i pm-shawd by the Brisbane Ncwpupi.-r Company, Limited. he was thinking. "If only I had discovered the Great Binbian Mine! 1 shouldn't feel any donbt about our welcome then." Ho said something of tho sort to Ransom, wb«»e arm he had hooked within his. The two were en very confidential terms by this' time ; but Ransom h«d said nothing to Tony about bis love for Berenice and his disappointed hope. " It isn't for myself that I care," Tony went on. " I'm bound to come out pretty right in the long run ; but it is for Berenice. 1 don't like her beiug iv the position of having to go begging for food and shelter. I hate the idea of the stage ; and then that's an uphill game. It'll be all right, of courao, if Sir Anthony/ makes mo an allowance, or puts mo into somo employment. But suppose that ho doesn't like us, and cuts up rough .about Berenice. I'd sacrifice a good deal that hho should be inde pendent of my uncle." " Look here, Tony," began Ransom impuls ively ; " yon can do that easily if you will tako a business hint from mo, and go in for a specula tion by which you oan turn ovor soverai thou sands in a very short time, at absolutely no risk whatever. I want to do you a good turn. I hate tho idoa of our being such pals all this journey, and then parting, when I could pub you in for a slico of luok by just opening my mouth." Tony stopped and gazed at Ransom with wondering incredulity "I don't think tho slender balance of the Unknown's chequo will go far in tho way of speculative investment, old fellow. But what is your tip ?" "This. Of course Binbian and I bold the chief interest in tho Great Binbian Mine, hut I dare say you know that there were a few shares, in tho market which have been bought up here and there by other fellows ?" "Yeß," replied Tonoy ; "and many a time I've wished that I was one of those lucky beggars. I had the chauco before I loft, if only I'd had the money." "You have the chance again." Ransom drew young Strange aside to a corner of the deck where there was no one within hearing. " On© of these fellows wants to sell out at onoe. He's in England—hard up. They've telegraphed, offering me his shares. I wired from New York that I'd buy at the price named. Well, I want you to go halves with me in the investment. It's only a little one." " It's too big for mo," said Tony. " I don't see" he added, puzzled. " I'll explain. Some well-known capitalists are going in for the mine. It's to bo formed into a company —this is in confidenoe, under stand. Tho shares will rise enormously in value. That is a positive certainty. Anyhow, risk and responsibility are mine. All you've got to do is to let me plank down tho capital for you. You oan pay me back." "I suppose you know," said Tony slowly, " that you are proposing to make me a magnifi cent present—in short, that you are proposing to act the part of a Binbian Jo to Berenice and me?" "Well," said Ransom quietly, "if Binbian Jo did it for me on a large scale, there's every reason why I should do it for you on a small scale. In fact, it is a sort of moral obligation. But, though you put the thing in that way, as a matter of fact the oases are not the same m any way." " Tho obligation would bo exactly the same," said Tony. "Oh, that is rot!" exclaimed Ransom quickly; " and I did think, Tony, that between two Australians that notion needn't be started. It's not as if I was asking you to take a present from me. lam just giving you a tip that any stockbroker might give a friend." " Why don't you keep these shares for your self?" asked Tony. " For the simple reason that we have got enough of money. I don't want any more, nor does Binbian Jo. I don't care for the specula tion. A few thousands extra are nothing to us. It seems a big way of talking, but the fact is that I can't believe in what I know I've got already. I'd rather you got the benefit of a good thing that's going than some chap I don't know anything about. It's just a little slice of my luck, Tony. I wish you would take it—for your sister's sake." " I believe that it's only what I said about Berenice has set you thinking of this," said Tony. "I have been thinking of it all along," answered Ransom, "and I meant to get you with me in something when I had looked about me iv England. But we may be drifting apart, and—it might give you a freer hand, as far as your uncle is concerned, if we settle it between us now. But you are right, Tony," he added, after a moment's pause, and looking tho young man straight in the face; "it if for your sister's sake. There's no need to make a mystery about it with you. I don't suppose she told you that I asked hor to marry me, and that I didn't know till last night thatbho was alroady" His speech came to v doad stand; ho ooi ild not suy the cruel word that had killed his hope. 44 I'd have given anything in tho world for this not to have happened," cried Tony, in genuine dismay. "No; Bercnico hasn't told me. She knows very well what T should feel about it. We spoke of the possibilty at the lieginning, and she gavo me to understand that she had warned you of this internal thing. If it had been any other fellow, Ransom, I shouldn't have much miuded; but ynu.' Look hero ;if I had had tho loast idea it was going ho far, I would have made things clear to you myself, whether Berenice liked it or not. You mustn't blume us too much. Tho truth is, hor position is a horrihlo one. I supposo she didn't toll you anything much about it r" "No," replied Ransom ; " I asked no ques tions. She begged me not. But you mustn't think that I blamo you —or her. I couldn't blame her. She was quite open and aboveboard with me from the first. She put it- as clearly as pb c-Mild. How it was that I didn't, see the truth is beyond me now. I was blind, and I loved her so that 1 wouldn't tako her at her word. It's mv fau't : it's I who was to blume, fovei-ig hor to'say what was very painful to her. AY or't you miike her under stand that I feel the', Tot-'/-? I couldn't tell hor hist ni'.'ht. It wm.« nil -ir-h y. shock. The truth bud never itcwnod up :n my mind. I had such a firmly rooted idea thut sho wac a widow. It came from somethi£.g t over heard her say to you that time at Niagara, whon .you knocked my hat off— dv you remember ?— Ibeforo I had even seen either of you." Tony was much mccod. " You aro a splendid tfeilow, Ransom: you aro a genorous follow. Another man would have cut up rough. l«ut ihero you are, taking the blame on yourself and •doing aU you can to shower benefits upon us. But it's no uso trying to toll you what I &i;*M •about you." ■" You boo," said Ransom. diradoritSy-, " your wh*,or mustn't know anything abaft* this scheme «i ours. Sho might fancy—it would hurt hor, perhaps: and if she ref h*r& this little thing— that wuitld bo hard for *ie to bear. I love hor, Tony. I'd givo c.r*ty farthing I have to savo her a day's paiu N oho doesn't care for me—she has told mo so. v- aore than once—it was ray own fault that t *iept on worrying her. But lam not sorry % I would rather love her hopelessly than bo loved by any other woman." " Oh, that's all nonsense," exclaimed Tony. H*"., was almost angry with Borenice for not \oving Rausom. " Other women would feel vory differently. Berenice has had all that knooked out of her—and it's no wonder, poor girl! When you get to England, Ransom, you will 860 pknty of women who will appreciate you, aad make you see plainly onough what a splendid fellow you are. You will coon forget Berenice." Ransom shook his head-. "I could never J.evo any woniau as I love your sister, Tony. The thought of marrying is over tor me—now, at any rate. I shall wait in th* hope that she may be free some day, and I shall try again. I am very glad that she doesn't oare for mo. That would havo made things damnably hard. It is not surprising that she doesn't, though I think I could have made her lovo me if I had had a long enough chance. Sho is tho sort of woman who would be taken by au English man—rt, man who had been at college and was i» wicioty, and all that sort of thing." " I hope to God sho will never havo to pass through that kind of tiro," said Tony with solemnity. Ransom gave a slight shudder, and he bent forward aud laid his hand hoavily ou young Strangle arm. " Tony," ho said earnestly, Ms voico deepening with the feeling ho could *b«4 hold under, " that's what she must bo wived from. We must save her from it—you uud I. You must keop her from being a Bingor. If Sir Anthony should show her thut Bhe is not welcome, at all costs Bhe must be kept from that. Don't you soo what hor position exposes her to? And, before she knew, sho might be drawn in. She might get to care for some follow; and think of what it would be for hor! All this might happen over again, only with that difference—Bhe might be in love with the othor fellow, damn him! It isn't fair of her. Don't let her go on hiding the fact that her husband is living. Let it be understood openly that she is not a widow. I Buppose thero art reasons," he went on impetuously. " I suppose he was a bad lot. I don't want to know anything about him. She didn't wish it. But all that ought not to count." The two men stood for a minute or moro gazing Bilontly out into tho fog. It seemed to have grown grayer and thickor, and the fog horn scarcely stopped its Btiflod shriok. Sud denly Tony flung up his hand and brought his open palm down heavily upon tho bulwarks. "The law is a cursed cruel thing !" he cried. " It is monstrous that a woman should have to go on being tied to a husband who is no moro of a husband than— that /" and ho tossed away the cigar ho had been smoking—"a husband who is—a felon serving his term in prison." 44 In prison ?" Ransom repeated faintly. Ho could say no more. There was something horrible in the thought. Berenice's husband in prison! " Yes," Tony answered, with withering emphasis; "ho is in prison. I suppose you wouldn't advise us to make that fact public?" "Why—why?" Ransom stammered, and added hastily: " Oh, I beg your pardon. She would rather I did not know." " I think you ought to know," answered Tony. " Anyhow, you'vo trusted me, and I will trust you with a sight of our family skeleton. It was a case of embezzling Govern ment money—not such an uncommon case out with us, as you may have observed. It is a fact, Ransom, that drink is the devil's own curse in these out-of-the-way townships. He wsb a police-magistrate. It seemed a good match for Berenice when sho took him. Ho was doing the swell on leaving Sydney. After wards ho ran amuck, gambling, drinking, and racing. His books were overhauled. Ho was found out, of course; and thore w.is an end of it Beronico! Girl! Yob ; I will havo him know!" Tony had started violently at tho touch of a cold hand upon his wrist, and turned, speaking iv firm resentful accents. Shroudud by the fog, Berenice had approached almost noiso lcssly, and had stood closo to tho two mcii for several seconds. Sho had overheard hor brother's last words. Though hor face could be only dimly seen in the mist, Ransom knew by her flashing eyes, by the trembling of her form, that i-ho was stirred to intenso anger. Tho passion with which her voice vibrated gavo him a shook of alarm and bewilderment. Ho know that she was capablo of strong emotion ; he was not prepared for this concentrated ragp. But it did not repel him; in a straugo way it touched him as otio is touchod by tho tem pestuous fury of a child. 44How dare you:" she, said. Her voico was very low. but it seemed to sear like iron ut white heat. " How dare you tell him the Bccrots of my unhappy life, without my knowlcdgo or my consent? Hnw iliiro you — you, my brother !—shamo mo liko tliis'r" 44 Come, Borenice," said Tony, more gently. 41 You are in ono of your furies, and there's no sense in that." 44 No sense in being angry becauso I am defied and degraded, and my wishes outraged:-" she went on, with tho same low-breathed passion. " Oh, how dare you! How dare you! Is thero no one I can trust? What right bad //-<" to pry and ask questions': Was illiot for ■/■»' to respect mor" Her voire broke a.:, with a go-lure; of fierce, rnpioach, i-lie turned her excited gaze on Ransom, who lienor uuswerod her a word. I •4 Oh, this is too muoh!'' cried Tony, flaming out in defence of his friend. "He is the beet old fellow that ever lived. Ho hasn't a word of blame for you, who desorve it. Ho asked me nothing, i* c didn't want to hear. That's right. Tarn him against you—as you've tnrned others by your temper—and lose the btet and truest friend you over had." *' Mrs. Florence knows well," Ransom put in hastily, " that no angry word Bhe could over say to mo would make mo less her friend." Beromoo olasped hor hands tightly boforo hor, and drew herself up with a long deep breath—a sort of couvulsivo sob, as if she wore struggling against tho spirit within her. Suddenly hor passion soemed to go out of her. A look of deadness oarae over her face. In tho dimness it seemed no longer alivo; but her frame was still quivering. Tony noticed the ohango in her. " You had batter come away with me," he Baid. "I'm going down below to boo that our things are all right." 44 No," sho answered, in a subdued way. 441 am going to stay here. I want to speak to Mr Ransom." 44 Well, fight It out—only mind what I say. He never asked me a word. Ho is too good for you. If you had boon straightforward aud honourable liko him you'd have takon my advice and told him tho truth at first." Tony moved away. Borenice waited some time quite silent, and Richard waited too. They were quite alone. The soft whiteness seemed to wrap them round and isolate them from the rest of the world. She was looking away out into the night, which was so gray and ghostlike and strange. It came upon him with a sharp stab of pain that this was the last time they might bo alone togothor. That outburst of passion in hor seemed to have altered their position towards each other—to havo broken down barriers. His lwart was full of pity for her. He had a longing to go up closo to her, to gathor her to Ids arms and try to comfort her. He could not boar to see hor so suddenly meek. He could not bear that she should tromblo so. Ho did put out his hand aud put it very gently upon hers, whioh lay upon tho bulwarks. Thero was something infinitely tender in the touch. Her fingers closed round his for an iustant with a littlo agitated grip, and then were hastily withdrawn. 44 Don't," she said, in a chokod voice. " I can't bear it." Ho leaned towards her. " Why should you mind so muoh my knowing your sorrow?" he asked, his tono melting into pathos. " Wouldn't it be some comfort to know that one who loved you better than himself felt all your pain ? My friend—l may call you my friend, since I may never oall you 4my love'?"—and there came that wonderful tenderness into his voice— "don't you know that you are saored to me, and that all which has to do with you is sacred?" 44 Don't," sho said again, with a sob that cleared as Bhe went ou. "I don't want you to pity me. I don't deserve it. Hasn't to-night made you Bee how hateful I can be somotimes ? Tony said what is true. I have turned peoplo against me always. I shall turn you against mo." "That you never oan!" ho exclaimed warmly—"not if you wero—what you can't bo. As for to-night—it was ciuite right that you should bo angry; you couldn't help it." 44 You don't know," she said hesitatingly. " I want to Bhow myself to you as I am. If it makes you think worso of me, oaro less for mo—well, bo much the hotter." 44 Tell mo what you moan," ho said. " But I warn you that nothing you oan say will shako my belief in you. You must always bo my ideal woman. An ideal can nevor ohango." " Ah, can it not?" she said drearily. " But one may fancy it is found and be mistaken all the time. Then the barrenness of life if one has clung to it closely! That's what you should be spared. I should like to save you from disappointment, even if it hurt me. You are bo full of hopo and vigour and generous bplief. You ought to make a good thing out of life." " I moan to make a good thing out of lifo," he answered. She waited again for a moment or two. " I am going to tell you why I wanted to keop the truth about my marriage from you. It was not altogether because of the disgrace. It waß chiefly because I couldn't let you think I was quite blameless. I have always been very bad temporod. That's my trouble. It is only of late years that I have really tried to oontrol myself, and you see how successfully! lam horrible to live with. I havo never liked the people I had to live with, oxcept Tony, and porhaps I got on with him because ho was not much at home. Thoro aro some peoplo whoso fate it seems to bo in revolt against those to whom thoy aro bound." 411 know," said Ransom. "I havo felt that." " You ! Yos—but a man is differout. Ho can carve his own path—as you havo done. Ho doesn't have that awful slave-liko sense of revolt. There'B some excuse for bating my stepmother; but there's none for hating the children. Poor things! thoy must have folt liko singing a psalm of thanksgiving whon sister Berenice went away." She guvo a bitter littlo laugh. 4'Why did you marryr" Ransom asked abruptly. " I did it out of temper—as I did most things. I will tell you. We were living in Sydney then. Wo were dreadfully poor. How aidiamcd 1 was of our way of living ! People didn't tako any notice of my .stepmother—she had been tho daughter of a publican —but 1 was asked out. in a kind of way. It was bo eause of my singing, f u.iod to l>o furious with my stepmothor for forcing me to mind the children and sew for them. I wanted to spend all my time in practising and ni.tking up tiuer;. for mvsolf, sothat- n^l' might pay me atten tion. "Oh, 1 wasn't, a nice girl, :Jr. Ransom. I v/ii'. ilotestalily vain and s> Itish." " Go on," In-said. "I know that you nru trying to make tho worst of yutrs'.lf." "On<\- day the'v w.e* v, giv;:*. :l"iiti iv the liitiir-i-hitld. "I had got oxa-por-ited, and - what witl you think of mc '; —1 ttruck ony of ho children. And then thero was a soene—you can imagine. No one, not even Tony, had a good word for mo. I went off to a party, defying them. That very night this mau—my husband—asked me to marry him. I had flirted with him. Ho was not a gentleman; but he was handsomo iv a rough way, and he could make himself agreeable and seemed rich. Ho was what they call out there ' flash.' I didn't know anything about him. I didn't love him, but I said yes." 44 Ah !" Ransom's ejaculation was a groan. Sho wont on, boginning in the same hurried way : " Woll, almost immediately—l married him" Then sho stopped suddenly. Sho was loaning over the bulwarns, and her eyes pierced the veil-like mist as if sho wero look ing away into her past. " How blind I was ! sho said. " How ignorant! How like a pas sionato child iv my folly! All my life, my one idea of being happy was to get away— away from people and things that I hated. I did not see that instead of g'ottiug away I was shutting myself up in a prison, with some thing far more hateful than anything which I had known before—tho door locked, and no hopo of escape. When I found out what I had dono" _ Sho stopped again. A shuddor wont all through her. Ho waa going to speak the com passion which thrilled him, but she proventod him with a gesture. 44 No ; let mo toll it all. He was rough and coarso. I disliked everything about him. I couldn't holp showing my disliko. His habits and his way of thinking were unlike mine. And then he drank —not ho much at first, but ho got worse. And then his friendß—they were horrible !" She shuddered again. " I mustn't be unjust to him. He had a rude sort of good nature. I think if I had boon difforent ho might havo been different. It was I who maddonod him. Ho wasn't naturally brutal. I didn't try to hido my contempt and repul sion. I said things whioh mako me hot and ashamed to think of now. I didn't caro what ho folt or what happened so long as I vontod my anger and misery soraohow. Then ho wasn't really rich. I roproaohed him with having deceived mo, and with having brought me to worso poverty than what he had taken me from. . . . Oh, I can't bear to think of that! It haunts mo—those words of mine. If I hadn't said them perhaps ho mightn't have Perhaps it was I who drove him to gambling, and made him tako that money " Ho touched her hand. Ho could feel how cold it was, and tho quiver that went through her. Ho held tho hand in his, but he said nothing. What could he say, though his own heart was bleeding? She went on brokenly, catching up her memories in fragments : 44 Thero'a one thing I often think of. It was the last time we ever Baw each other —the lasttime I heard him speak. I havo dreamed it over, and over and wakened up with terror that he might come baok—tho feeling I had at the time. And then tho remorse of now! Oh, you can't under stand ! He was ordored suddenly off to inspect a pearl fishery on tho northern coast. It turned out that the Minister suspeoted something, and wanted to get him away and take him by Bur priso. He oarae to tell mo, and to say good bye. Ho was excited. I thought ho had been drinking. I don't think now ho had—just then. Ho told me that he had got somo secret information about the pearl fishery, and that he was going to mako his fortune and to set everything straight. I remember he said that two or threo timos. He was going to put everything straight. He ahowod me a groat pearl, and said it was for mo, and he mount to sond it at onco to Sydnoy and have it sot in a ring. I hated him so, I couldn't bear to tako a present from him. I told him he had bettor soil it and pay his dobts. I said bitter things —thiners that aro always coming back to me. He left mo with a curse. Sometimes I wonder whether that curse is going to follow me all my life. Tony told you what happoned. Ho was arrested. I never Baw him again. I went back at onco to my fathor. Long after wards, the pearl was sent to mo by a jowollor in Sydnov. It was sot in a ring. Ho—ray husband—had given it to Borne one to take down—some one on board the steamer that waa taking him north ; it must havo been just aftor he left mo. That friend of his had found mo out, though my father got moved from Sydney to an out-of-the-way place, so that I might be cut off from tho associations. Getting that pearl hurt mo—more than anything. It made me sorry." Ransom glanced instinctively at her hands, one of thorn in his own, and the other resting on the rail. Ho had often noticed them, and that thoy wero baro of oruamout bave for tho wedding riug. "I havo never worn it, alio said simply. 441 kept it because"— she seemed to npeak with diliioulty—" I thought, ' Perhaps—when ho comes out ho will havo no money. Ho has to servo a long term. It will bo a long time yet. But when he is free—l cannot see his face again. Nothing—no one—shall force mo back to him. But the pearl belongs to him. It might save him from want." There was a long pause. Ransom still held her hand. If is touch was moro eloquent than any words. By-and-by he said abruptly : 44 You havo hoaid nothing of him ?" " No. 110 is in a different colony, you know, and wo wero moved. I didn't want to givo any clue. T have had a tenor always—though [ hardly know of what. Not that he would look for mo. I had ouo letter from him—since. It was after his trial and seutone.o. Ho suid that ho didn't mean t.n trouble mo in all bis life again —if ho ever u'ot. out." There was .•uinllier long silenco. Sho took hor hand aw.iy ; anil it seemed to him as though his were dcs">lab: .-iitain, and all the barriers raised ome more which kept them asunder. Ho remembered with an oppressive overwhelm ing consciousness that she did not love him ; that hi-pa '-i"ii '•' pi'y and triidernes • wu- n« neiro to her lluu the •ymp.ithy <>f a friend who had pla<-ed lv r 1-v Ids 'piTM-ieii'v under a ;-uit of moral obligation that was painful to her. And now sho had told her story--had shown herself in, sh<\- fancied, the nvwt unw>'!oomn light; and her duty was discharged, and lie might go. . There was keeuubt agony in the glancing thought of how it would havo been if she had loved him; if they hud been heart to heart, boul to soul, looking together at tho fate that divided them, and considering together how they might best submit to it, if—oh, delirious suggestion not even to bo named ! —to bo Hung off liko some darting roptile. The groat steamer glided on, scarcely throb bing beneath them. Thero was a faint lifting aud lightening of tho fog. They could hear the hoarse voices of tho captain and the first officer, as commands and answers were shouted in German. It seemed clearer whoro thoy stood, though they could not see beyond the nearest mast, the rigging of which molted indistinguish able into the grayness. The niuilled figures on the deck looked liko dim unshapen ghosts, and flickering lights flashed dully here and thore for an instant, and disappeared again. "Oh, Mrs. Florence is that your" some one said, passing. It was tho dark Amorioan girl, with her arm in that of tho painter, feel ing her way cautiously. "The deck is so slippery. Don't you fool skcerc-d r And what has mado them stop oil" tho fog horn ? I declare I don't think it's safe, hero in tho Channel, to givo over for a minuto. One reads such horriblo things about collisions, and I don't liko theso German boats. Homohow I always feel safer in a Cunarder." 41 Oh, they aro excellent scamon, the men on this line," said tho painter. " Tho captain is giving orders. It's something about tho pilot. Wo shall have tho fog-horn screeching again in a minute or bo." Tho two passed on, and presently vanished ; and Ransom and Berenice wero ulono again— alono again, with tho moony mist wrapping thorn closo ; alono again iv this dream-world, filled with phantoms of the " might havo been." In their mood of strained expectancy, nothing that could havo happenod would havo seemod strange to eithor. If the sea had risen to swallow them up, they would havo waited for it to do its work, scarcely wondering. Thoy did not wonder now, when the fog-horn gave out a prolonged shrill shriek, above which rose tho confused sound of voices exclaiming in Gcrmau aud Euglish, and tho noiso of hurrying foet as people rushed to the other side of tbo vessel. It was only a part of tho dream to sco a great black mass looming almost athwart the bows and a line of spectral lights. Suddonly the steamer gave a tromondous lurch and swing round, whioh mado them clasp each other, and which hurled them across against tho deck house. Then thore was a mighty tremor, agiaut quivor that ran through every beam and bolt. His arms wero olose round her. He hold her to his breast. Their hearts beat oach to each. The great tremor grew iaiutcr and ceased. The big black mass glided on. Tho pale lights died, and the gray pall dropped once moro. But they two ooulcl never bo the samo again. Whilo ho still held her she bent baok her head and turned her faoe up to his—her face new-born of passion, ovcry curve and feature melting with womanly teudernoss, lips that wero swcot as roses, and eyos that shono like stars. " I love you!" sho said. " Oh, do help mo! God help us both! I lovo you ! I lovo you! I love you!" (to be continued.) 