MR. O'MAJRA, M.P., IN REPLY. to the editor of tub daily telegraph. Sir, — In l&3t Saturday's issue you have an article headed "Religion and Politics," In which you make extensive reference to a speech of mine in the Assembly on the occasion of tho Havocs-Fletcher incident, if on that occasion I took np, as you declare I did, a position not only "nonsensical" but " ridiculously" so, yoa show scant consideration for your readers in inflicting upon them a leading article wholly devoted to tbe discussion of it. It Bimply dignifies nonsense to gravely discuss it as yon have doue in this case. But in your article, while affecting to depre cate the introduction of the "odium tbeologi- cutn" into'sccnlar affairs, yon appear to sedu lously stir it up yourself in that very relation. Yon first assume that Roman Catholic? like myself arc practically engaged in a conspiracy and then, in effect, tell tbein they must expect to be dealt with as such. You tell me, by inference, that beneath my assumed character of protectionist, there lies scarcely concealed my real character of con spirator in the interests of "denominationalism." It is hard enough for mo to read that I speak nonsense, hut it is still more humiliating to be told that I am playing a part, so steeped in folly as to disentitle me to the character even of a political plotter, which your article would fix on me. This ignoble character becomes harmless when played by a fool, and the folly which yon impute to m s simply reminds roe of that of the man described by Sheridan who not ouly batted his head against a wall bnt built a wall for the express purpose of doing so. If you cannot depend on my political honesty, you might, at least, re'ly on my selfish bnt natural desire to avoid a tolly which could only be fatal to myself. Sir, do I not know as well as yon the temper of the public mind upon the particular question into which you pay we are conspiring to re-infuse "denoiniuationnlism'-"' Hare yon not, in its inexorable earnestness on this very subject, abundant security against any conspiracy, par ticularly against one which, from its very nature, conld only be conceived ami curried on by fools ? Can you get an Act of Parliament passed br stealth? Can you upset a largo measure of settled nnblie nolirr in definnre or the pnblic will? Aro those legislators who seek to do so to be afforded the opportunity of doing their work in c.imurd ? Una you a hun dred "denominationalists" in the Chamber to-morrow, would they dare to fly in the faco of the pnblic sentiment which has fixed your education laws nnd which has exhibited little or no abatement from that' day to this ? Until tbat eentiment subsides (and where at the present time do wo see any pros pect of it?) 'what "denominationaiist " conld, no matter how much he willed it, hope to iay a hand on a branch of, still less to pluck up by tbe roots, tbat which it has .firmly uud sternly fixed in tho laws of the land. But in the ever-growing conflict between frcetrade and protection some bugbear is neces sary to bolster up the falling fortune? of the former, and "denominationalisin " is accord ingly made to repent in our history, hut happily in much smaller measure, the melan choly era of the Kinma ghost. But who now invokes that poor old departed shade? And so it will be with the bogey which i3 now hypo critically stalking amongst us as the chosen ally of a despairing party. " Cod I in i3 your friend, not Short."' "Your true danger is not protection, but ' donotpinationaliRm,' which is eiuiply sneaking about in the stolen clothes . of its tool and dupe." In other words, we are to bo told that Messrs. Ffetcher, Abbott, Cope- land, CYeer, See, Henry Clarke, Lytic, Hassall and men of that stamp, shrewd iu the affairs of life, capable and intelligent in politics, nr»? bnt the blind, deceived nnd unconscious propagan dists of a cause which has in them as steady, reliable and determined antagonists as in any man in tbe land. - Sir, it is too late in the day to pnt upon public credulity such a tax aa thi«. Moreover, yon further describe me In your article as talking nonsense when I "held thatgjfeferences such' ns were mado on tbat night to a man's religion, be it what it will, touch a sensitiveness only less acute than that which is outraged by insulting allusions to one'? mother or sister. This sentiment I think you will, in the abstract at least, hold to be a creditable one. As to whether or not my expression of it. which you describe as nonsense, had just and well-founded application, I refer you or any other critic, hostile or otherwise, to the report in Hansard of tho speech which called it forth. As to another point of your article, you are quite right when you say that the immediato cause of Mr. Fletcher's act was a personal reference to himself, but at the same time you forget tbe condition of mind operated upon by such a reference — a mind alrgady irritated to tbe highest point by the charge 'that tbe cause which he has so much at heart was merely the cloak for a cause for which nobody in this colony has or has ever had less sympathy than Mr. Fletcher— the cause .of . " d'enominationa- lism." Hoping that in what I have said I have not uRed a plainness exceeding that so lliherally employed iu your criticisms on me,— Yours. 4c., T. C. O'MARA. March 27. 