THE OPENING OF THE NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH AT YORK. The formal opening of the new Wes leyan-Ohurch at York took place 'on Wednesday'afteAeon last. It will4'be remembered that some few months ago, after many previous discussions, it was decided to call tenders for the erection of a new church", as it was found that the accommodation provided by tlje old one which has been used as a place of worship for over 30 years, was totally inadequate to the requirements of the congregation, and a more suitable build ing was considered necessary. Tenders,; yere called, but owing to some altera tion being made in the original planH, which were found to be of a too ^elabor ate design, fresh tenders were invited, the successful ones being Messrs. Prihgle. & Moscrip of Perth and Adelaide, for the sum of £d45. The work has been most successfully carried out, and has given the greatest satisfaction to all concerned. The Church is a valuable addition to the many imposing edifices erected here, and the internal arrange ments are finished in a workmanlike manner, redounding greatly tojthe credit of Messrs. Pringle and Moscrip, as con tractors. Its acoustic properties are of the highest order as was plainly evidenced at the servioes on Wednes day last. A great "m'any people attend ed from Perth. Northern, Newcastle, Beverley, and other towns, and 'the whole congregation numbered quite 3OO hundred souls. The service, which commenced at" about ' 4 o'clock, was conducted by the Rev T. Bird, assisted by the Rev. W.- Lowe. The singing of the choir was very effective, and "the different anthens preparedv $r thfe oc casion were rendered very nicely. The following is an outline of fb® sermon preached by the Rev. T. Bird, who took bis text from the 2nd chapter of Haggat, and 7th verse. " And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come and I will fill this house with glory eaith the I/ord of hosts." The rev. gentlemen spokethuely: The building of the first temple was the supreme effort of Judea, under her most powerful monarch—under Solomon, who made " silver as the stones in the streets of Jerusalem, and cedar of Le banon common as sycamore" wood.** David, their soldier king, began the work by malting vast collections of building material and costly metals. ; Solomon, with the aid of allied and tri butary kings, brought the J work to com pletion, so that in a very . liberal senBO it could be said of the first temple that " the kings of the earth brought their glory and honor into it." It was a mon ument of kingty magnificence and auth ority. The people received their wages and feasted on the king's gift. But the second temple was built^by the devofciofi of a conq aered and impoverished people who carried their work to its comple tion under circumstances of grave trial and serious obstructions. Aiittle over fifty years after the destruction, of the first temple, the king of£ Babyioh was led to give permission to the captive Jews to return to their own land for the purpose of rebuilding the house of Grod. He gave gifts out of the royal treasury and commanded those Jews who could not or would not return to contribute of their substance for that purpose. The work wasifc&robdon; under Ezra, Nehem iah and Zeruhbahel, with a sacrifice and devotioniwhichhpBaks Tolumes for the reiigi6ftslli&awhich; bad been generated by thftahifetory^nd services, of the first temple.^ii|Chey'jhfld to clear aitay the ruinseidf tiforgwrJ hbHies: replant the fields iaadarapey ar da .deserted over fifty years, and to defend themBelves against hostil4i»fi)»R>ffho saw in,the restoration | a ceateeso&wgity; out of which, .would BpringfOWtipnAlipower and political as cend^ney/Ot^^ cannot too niufdi admire the unerwng,njp.stinct of. thpse Jewish> patSKXVthejp)^ their first thPWgbtiwdnbeat strength to the falledioflt^&9P«of their religion. It was djpliftiw8 Povem.eut< ^hd here _we find of its success. The Worldly wiBe flvonld have said : " Let us htv^ilpfeUtiflai i^eo^ations, . Train theUMtf Get P°M6SBlon ,1 the .laft&,a«*^t*blish the pe°ple politiftaMy find, commercially, and then . if yonfeqb^pespd you may devote BparaiBWJWhJlftQfle cashfto religious i interests.1' ! Buti,the pious jews had, clearer, [vision; ,behind all human activi ties thiy,je*«5 Qpfl. They had a conf®B sionvMn^^ .W^g: *; Exc^ 1 Lorf;tonljb#he i Jhouse, they labor m , vain that.vh^;, it," and hence the boas^ ^d,i:,^h^sible represent*, tiondf^ WW* Authority was the first thought. They acted wisely, if tfeiiti ?ply object had been natiorfaU rertprjtioa, for . there « no trae abiding unity ^ without a, religious frflgtf.,, Qnr political creeds vary, our chnBtmn belief has its different sbA8J&^-khd'1vb at times are ready to dispute and argue, but in vocal prayirobefore f&odowe; .aire noti able -to disSguishibetW«dnithe Liberal and the Cons^vative} afeh^'JCalvinist ahd the |Ar menibftv theritfdalist from the man lyho despises) all rite and: ceremony. And whatdoea this -teach ust That w re ligioA wmute >to find the solvent for our pditinak And^fcociM . difficulties. The wordalofiohRteW nre -at bnce a rebuke and ey&HoBrifagementi; Eufiy fifteen ' yeanriad ptesod ftwdy aincethe founda tionsaof the hftuse iwere dug out, and the -work- tepguffihetL Many causes were at. Work td-d&mpthe; zeal and stay the hind: ui Huntan nature grows wearv of a look continued strain of self-denial. If the templcieonjd have Jbeen built in , twelve months, the enthusiasm might . havedaetodTof that time ; but it is iu. our natu*e//to .aim,at doing the best workia&o;*»^in,fhe fragments ,of our time ana wi&&e; purplus of our strengtli, ( It is (Mjr^eligious lifeis not be gun, hi a short time, that bo many fail to continue well-doing to the end. They had their own ceiled houBertoTOT~anTtofo™a' There was difefijipcfifitmettt with the work done. The old<t»ehJwho saw and remembered the fiWtihbUSB'Oould sayof the second « It isf aajnothing in 'comparison.^ It does -nbt appear-that in magnitude or Erchibfthtiirally:there was any inferiori ty, but/^ffiteae'bf'gold, tim: ^lspffiy of, jewels,Mhe^mp'bfcBervice,. which had charafcteWBWi-'&blpmon;'s temple, were wanting, and their pride was touchy. X^hatt*iiHjke3d6 iniebmparison with the past?, (fflfaftraafifental.lQve of glitter was ungrafcffiedl^»id*ohence they were not yjlTinghfa f precefiddvj- th.-that which did not affiBfdthwn sensationalism of cratifibd VEBiijnmfint themaiu obstruc tion a °,,w0 ^ prude^it- ntiiejflpiritothat would secure the rehulHwifcHoUtithe labor or, the, re-.{ Bponeihifityl J - They , had got into' we ha bit of saying twn& M&i; tomb. Wait aid prfeehatly we may have noth ing to4dok-o*l we'l may accumulate so touchn*tbe rouflAav ; n0^ .^,9' r"TPr ,1 circudstdnoeKan^piwiudh will-rush! the> work aidgg^ qithgut 1 much itrouble to anybodyi aadrthppiwe ckui follow shout ing'appiivAl gnnxhdmiiigifcredit for our prudent J unLctiviiy.1 lTo-4^y there are prude&t;'tvaahers b^iDivindjvProvidence, men vrfuinieVorjrfei.^ini^uiiless they are carriedwi'by othe strong, stream, and who aStfalwaya expedtihg " something ; to turnrnp ": Th'ey blight many a good j enterprisd in dhe hud, and quench many heavenly aspirations. They make men ««aod whom' the Lord hath not made | wd." We^re stewards of our Lord, i and it is ours to obey and act a faithful part. Secondly, we have the prophetic promises given to those workmen, " I will fill this house with glory," " The glory of this latter house shall be great er than of-the former, saith the Lord of hosts." It'is evident we must look for a glory differing not only in degree but also in khid'from that which distinguish ed the first temple,, for it is noteworthy that mariy things which constituted the glory of the, first temple were altogether wanting in the second^ Not only were the decorations, poor in comparison, but, the phenomena of supernatural posses sion were altogether changed. NoShe kinah of the Divine presence oversha dowing the mercy-Beat. No TJrim and Thummim. The priestly breastplate had lost its oracular force. The fire yhich came down from heaven and was extinguished in the destruction of the first temple was not re-lighted in the second. The Ark of the Covenant was not there, and for centnries no prophet ic coice was heard in the land. How then could the glory of the latter excel that of the former house ? There is on ly one explanation—the coming of a person'spokenjof here as " The desire of all nations." The seed promised in the garden of Eden shall appear in this house. The prophet greater than Mo ses shall teapn in these courts. From this temple shall go out the holy waters of Ezekiel's vision for the healing of the nations. Where did Christianity—the universal religion—which is visiting all lands and taking captive men of all co lors and every degree of culture take its rise, if not from that historic temple site? Our presence here to-day has an unbroken chain of connection with the labors of thofee disheartened Jews. The glory of the second house was spiritual, and therefore to the carnal mind a mentably invisible. The devout Chris tian traces its history until he finds old Spueon—the man to whom it had been revealed tbaUhe should nqt see death until he |had : jseeu the Lord's Chri. t .standing in its courts with the child Je sus in his arxhs, saying, " Lord now let test ThouThy servant depart in peace, according to Thy word tor mine eyes have seen Thy salvation." *To the world that scene had no significancy, but to the aged prophet it eclipsed all the former glories, for he held in his arms the: central life of the universe. " The Lord had suddenly come to His temple," and now the history^of the temple vir tually ended. Its doom soon was writ ten. "There shall not be left one stone upon another that shall not be thrown down." liemember the Divine presence and working constitute the glory of all earthly institutions. I remind you that as a Church we bold that the New Tes tament promises are fulfilled in connec tion with religious services. We have no relics—no divinely appointed mode of service; but we have certain promises, the fulfilment of which is at once a duty and|privilege. "G-o ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising'them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," and " So lam with you jalways even to the endof the world." " Wherever two or three are assembled together in my name there am I in the midst." In conclusion I take it then that our text .is not only a Messianic prophecy fulfilled by the advent arid ministry of our Lord, but also a Divine promise extending through the ages and applying to all centres of Christian wor ship, Our Saviour came to close the ministry of the Jewish temple as a means of widening the basis, or communion with God,Amfciliall sho.uld learn .to trust in Him- ,:&emejnber; the conversation of Christjwith the woman of Samaria: '•Woman, believe mo that the hour copieth when ye shall neither in this pjppntaip^.noi] yet at Jerusalem, wor •p^j thPi Father," "But the hour cometh and noiy is vyhen the true wor shippers shall worship the. .Ifat her, in Spirit and in truth, for the Father seek eth such to worship Him." The Church of God. being a " r^al nation," a holy priesthood may worship Him in a house consecrated to His service, or under the broad canopy of heaven offer to Jlim a Spiritual sacrifice The collections taken up amounted to £17 14sj 