y': , -'fucrritav. ' I aeNERML OOSSir. -i - 'lir-<JoAi'F©«r - ' 7 1 jllii|l«tbniiiia€nolirtQnind ntbMdfo j j 4ts ptmost atovage capacity to provide accom- v -foodatkmforibe -immense oTOwdi who oime \- UtnHtt.ihnm see tiu tnildi bftvuea ' - -ChritoOferaGeetong ontu there most nave been k Iuljy 3000 present. The weather fortunately r? 2laaileiKd op » liit bat there wot a disagree- \- able northerly wind (flowing across the ground 'tha« tatde matter somewhat uncomfortabU for ' tiioBe looting oh, and aometisMs kept the pUy \- mare dish usual aloar the InnuuImt. Ihe . 7 /Geeteog had exsctiy the -same team as on . - ' die - previous Saturday with die exception of IV Mf3hane, for whom town bsdbfeen made. . - Oaritou were playing their strongest team, Laving included White, who is an aoqaiaitiou to any dub. The ground ems in much better order than bad been anttdoftled, but the tall got Tenr greasy and slippery daring the pro- grtiw Qt fctaf gsmo- The visitors received quite era- ovation m tbev appeared, sharp to time, tat the ground, and tbeir opponents were also greeted with considerable enthusiasm on Batorday. ; A slight. advantage gained byHickeu- Ixrtham in winning the toss for Geelong, and their supporters 1 1 ought it augured well fur . the ultimate Issue. Contrary to their ordinary ' tactics, the park Blues led off with most vigur- oas play, in the hope doubtless of cornering tbdr opponents from the start. " If such were the intention, their object was not achieved, lor the Pivotonians allowed a very bold front, defending iheir post in a workmanlike manner and playing so good and strong a game that it aoon became evident the Carlton would require to put forth oil their energies before the con tcstwaaover, A give-and-take encounter, last ing some minutes, terminated in a shout like a dap of thunder, announcing that Thompson, one of the Pivotonians, tad found a weak spot in Carlton's defence end bad taken advantage of it. A merry time now ensued, hut the joy of the visitors was doomed to be shore Jived, as Green, with a punt over his shoulder, a la Jack Benoie, placed matters cn an equal footing once more, and they remained ihus to tne end of the first quarter, the only additional score being a behind recorded by Carlton. Oa changing over the latter quickly proceeded to take ad vantage of tiie wind, and Jnlien, Kearney, mid Parkinson bad a very busy time of it looking after the opening between their post, which they dr-fcaaed with praise worthy skill and determination, but not altogether sue ©essfully, for A Coulson, from a long range, and Cook, with a clever kick, had increased the Carlton score to throe goal? ere half-time was reached. In the meantime, however, F. MSbans - hod proved bis skill by dexterously adding a second goal to that already recorded for Geelong, So far no unprejudiced onlookor could say either side had bad much the best of it, and when play was resumed the excitement was just as great as ever. Both teams wore doing their iitmoBt to gain the supremacy, and the individual efforts of nearly every player evoked frequent and unsparing applause from the ap preciative spectators. Gradually the Geelong boys forged into a forward jxjsitiou, and bp- came very troublesome to Leydin, M, M'lnernpy, and C. Coulson, who had charge of the Carlton headquarters, matters frequently assuiroda very dark aspect for the Blues, aud it was with many a sigh of relief that their Bupjxirtera saw a triplet ©t behinds recorded against them, instead of something more sub stantial, whilst last season's Premiers were unable to gain even n solitary behind, though towards the end of the quarter they were more than holding their own. The lost 25 minutes' play was as lively, exciting, and good as could be wished for. Some grand marking was exhibited, more than cue exceptionally good run effected, and the kicking ail round was first-class, The Carlton, however, improved upon their form daring the previous quar ter, and left little to 'find fault with, aud the same holds good of their opjxraente, who netted another goal through the adroitness of P. M 'Shane : -but this still left them in a minority, as Wtoelan and A. Coulson had a1o credited Carlton with a good goal each. The game, therefore, ended , in a win for Carlton by G goafs 4 fcebinds to Geelongs 3 goals 6 behind?. The losers richly deserved a better fate, as they played from beginning to end with undeniable plnck nnd gameness, but their opponents were juBt a bit too good, especially forward, where the unselfishness of the llark Blues upon this occasion was particularly noticeable, and doubtless accounts for the satisfactory result. There were frequent infringements of the rules, however, and the central umpire had to be pretty lavish in awarding free kicks, but he could have very easily ana fairly given more than twice as many with advantage to those who frequently throw away the re sults of several fellow players' efforts, by RtnpidlV chancing a push At &n; opponent from behind, or some other Infringement of well- : known rules. The result of the South Melbourne and Essendon was looked upon almost as a fore gone conclusion after the recent excellent per formance of the former. It was therefore aomewhat of a surprise to the onlookers at the East Melbourne ground to see the Essendon lead off with a great dash, which brought the energies of Elms and his tack anon into requi sition for a considerable time, and still greater astonishment was experienced when the efforts of the Red and Black brought them a cheering coal ; but this state of affair was not to lost long, as ece the termination of the first quarter South had Again gob matters upon level terms. After that tne spirts of tne Essendon were most determined and frequent, but the defence of their opponents was impregnable, and every effort to force bji entrance into South Melbourne territory was frustrated. As the game progressed so did the play of the Southerners improve, each man proved thoroughly reliable and their com bined exertions carried everything before them, eothat at the finish they wound up with 8 goals and IG bebiuds to Essendon' 1 goal 7 behind. For the losers Fleming, Stubba and Ball played a grand game, whilst the team ca a whole displayed undoubted pace bub k appeared to lack stamina, as many of them tired very much before the game was over. On the other hand, South Melbourne displayed exceptional lasting powers, plenty of speed, good kicking and excellent organisation, their most prominent player on Saturday being O'Meara. Kerr ana Graves. Each week has furnished its surprise and Jast Saturday proved no exception to the rule, and it most undoubtedly came Crcm a direction least expected, at any rate by those imme diately interested in tne crestfallen victims upon this occasion. After a most enjoyable trip through the Northern Districts iff New South Wales, the Fitzroy team returned to their homes full of vigor, and bucyed up by hopeful anticipations of a more than usual successful season. As their first match i\as against St, Kilda on the local Cricket ground there was a very fair attendance despite the ntif&vorabJe; state of the weather. The game aoon became lively and ezcitiug, as the St. Kilda forced their way into the Fittroy's quarter right off, and within a few minutes of the fctart had the satisfaction of get ting a goal. This woke the local up, and a desperate struggle ensued up bo the end of the first quarter, by which time the Maroons had managed to equalise the score. During the next period, and for a good while after half time, the St, Kilda were kepb busily ragnged looking after their uprights; but they bostled up considerably as the game progressed, and ultimately gained a decided lead, which they held to the end, winning a most exciting contest just before the call of time by 4 goals 8 behind to Fitzroy's 3 goals 6 behind. The winners are to be heartily congratulated upon tho plucky manner in which tney came at the finieti, nna if they only keep up their present \- form there will be trouble in store for some more of their opponents before the season is much older. With several of (heir best players absent it looked as if North Melbourne were booked for a thrashing on their own ground, at the handB \- of the Port Melbourne. But the knowledge of their weakness caused the Northern representa tives to pub forth all their energies, with the result that a very evenly oontested game took place, in which the Ports strove hard, but un successfully, to turn the tide of ill fortune which ha set in so strongly against tbeoi. Their efforts, however, were unavailing as the end came with North Melbourne's score 6hnw- V - - jifl fi jpifllfl to 2. whilst the behind were five each.- The ground was very sticky, and told considerably against an effective display of football, whilst the balJ became as heavy as a '- lumomf lead. V- v : There was quite a crowd on the Focal reserve — > "At Footecray, on Saturday, to witness the \- -Vetera match between the local seniors and -their neighbor of WiHianistown celebrity. \- contest was jm>t won by the lat- >7 otcrsvitb Sgoal to 1, nod on this occasion jFodUcrwy iried very hard to turn the tables. Amine was an exceedingly fast and exciting \\-r\ TOdnrinff which some really excellent play xymrkbbwxi -by both teams ? but the forwards of \--TtfceVisItute wera ip somewhat better shouting L B "trinvtiir" VKriropponents. and made np a good ' ' lethVlddf jBgpaG and 6 bebtoda, whilst the b :f: . 7-Fnotectiiy Iftds .TT7-n«ged 4 of the fonuer, the" latter, which uu- \-- - hinifret<l'>Ht- South .Ualliirat nnd " y-DaIlsHif li Isfrn of lil -twun r»n; ins nbnteit mud Uke phce for mioi,. In tnls tber sn not disappointed, for -the game was splendidly f oogh t outfrom slkrt to finish, neither .aide gaining any appreciable aeea-'' da&cy;, andbuonhtomelaft rnattere » statu qua. A eodi sidehad obtained a goal, whilst -odluat bad an oddHiouI haUadottt-ta binds, and Sratb Bella rat eight of them. In a report of a match played at Hay (NAWJ, I notice that the old Essendon plajrer. Gotemsn, oovered bbnself with glory by his fine display of football. It is the scatter ing broadcast of mtch aUe and enthusiastic ex ponents of the game that is causing such interest to b taken in it throughout the length mid breadth of our Island continent. There is no place in the colony wham foot-, bailers &re; more enthusiastic or hospitable than at Maryborough. It Is hardly I) be wondered at, therefore, that they are making great pre parations for the contest between their local representatives end the Englishmen, which is arranged to take place on the 27th instant. A publio holiday is likely to be proclaimed, and special trains are to ta run at excursion rates from the surrounding towns. Bravo I Mary borough. The Englishmen have had it all their own way with the players over the border, and will Dare Sydney to-day (Wednesday), arriving in Melbourne on tlie following day, so as to have a bis of rest before' tackling Carlton on Satur day. The visitors have not bad inuoh time to practise the Australian game, but will, doubt less, make a good show, as they can all run and kick well. Whether or no, they can rest assured tliat there will be a tamper attendance and an enthusiastic reception awaiting them when they put in au appearance on the Mel bourne Cricket Ground. The Melbourne ground, in the Friendly Societies' reserve, was considerably the worse for the weather, boing in a very sloppy condi tion.) But this did not prevent a very good musteringof spectators to see the game between Richmond and the Metropolitans. The latter were not by any means strongly represented and it soon beoame evident that they were in for a "doing," as the boys say. The Rich mond played well together and with plenty of dash, though every now and again there was rather more roughness than appeared nrces- oaty; whilst the. Red Begs mode no unusual effort to make up for having a week team, but just joggod along in a very methodical manner, with the result that they bad to nt content with second honor, with a record of 1 goal 7 bfhinds to Richmond's 3 goal 9 behinds. For the latter Morton, Brown, Burwood, Stewart, and Stephen played up finely right through ; and Kusden, M'Gowau, Fox, and Griffiths displayed exceptional merit on Melbourne's behalf. At their meeting last Friday evening the Victorian Football Association decided that players marking in the vicinity of their opponents' goaf must kick for goal over their mark ; and no seoond kick is to bo allowed under any circumstance for au infringement of this rale. I am afraid the decision of the Association will bo more honored in the breach thau the observance, as it is manifestly unfair and ab surd to intiat upou a plaver kicking for goal in a position fr -ra which ho has not the ghost of a show to score. Why not take the common- sense view (which the fratnors of the rules had in their minds when dealing with this subject), viz., chat when a player got a mark, and wished to liave a shot for goal, he should be compelled to kick over his mark instead of im- provlugbis chance by shifting into a bitter position. After declining to accord their patronage to the English team, it could harily be exacted that tbe Association, as such, culd take any steps towards offering the visitors au official reception ; but this will not, 1 trust, prevent the individual clubs doing the honors, and according a hearty welcome and liberal hos- pitalities to tbe Englishmen on their arrival and during their sojourn in Victoria. The rank of the Fivotonians will be con siderably weakened by the departure of Mr. T. M'Shano from Geelong this woelt. As that well known player is to be settled in the me tropolis, there is little doubt be will be eagerly sought after by those of the senior club, who are in want of a good man. Tbe death of youn Gooley ha cast quite a gloom over the North Melbourne player, and they are taking steps to commemorate hi memory. With this object in view a concert is to be given at the North Melbourne Town Hall, for which a capital programme has been arranged. It it to be hoped that tbe friends and supporters of the club will rally up and make a bumper bouse, so that the laudable object of Gooley's fellow-players may be achieved. 