DEAD MAN'S ROCK. THE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. A Rowxnca at Q. BOOK ILI CHAPTER VIII. (CorINUUwD.) TRLLS HOW THE CURTAIN FELL UPOON SrA.NCESC& : A TRAGEDY. I do not know who composed the overture. It is haunted by one exquisite air, repeated, fading into variations, then rising once more only to eiak into the tender sorrow of a minor key. I have heard it but twice in my life, hut the music of it is with me to this day. Then, as I heard it, it carried me back to the hour when Tom and I eat expectant in this same theatre, ne rremblicg for hie play's uonces, I for the eight of my love, Poor Tom I The sad melody wailed upwards as though it were the voice of the wind playing about his grave, every note hreathing pathos or esnpieing in tremulous angui.h. Poor Tom I Yet your love was happier than mine; better to die with Claire's kias warm upon the lips than to live with but the memory of it. Tbhe throbbing mausic had ended, and the play began. As beforo, the audience were without enthusiasm at first, buat to.night they knew they had but to wait, and they did so patiently ; eo that when at last Claire's voice died softly away at the close of her opening song, the baushed house was soddenly ashaken to its roof with the storm and tumult of applause. There she stood, serene andglowing,'as one that had never known pain. My very eyes doubted. On her face was no sign of suffer ing, no trace of a tear. Was she, then. utterly without heart? In my memory I retraced the scene of that afternoon, and all my reason acquitted her. Yet. as ehe stonod there in her glor ousepiphany, illumined with the blazing lights, and radiant in the joy and freshness of youth, I could have doubted whether, after all, Clariesa Lambert and Claire Luttrell were one and the eame. There was one thing which I did not fail, however, to note as arstrange, She did not once glance in the direction of my box, but kept her eyes eteadily aversed. And it then suddenly dawned. upon me that she most be playing with a purpose; but what that par pose was I could not guess. Whatever it was, ehe was acting magmnifi cently and had for the present completely surrendered herself to her art. Grand as that art had been on the first night of ' Franceeca,' the power of that performance was utterly eclipsed to-night. Once between the acts I heard two voices in the passage outside my box 'What do you think of it?!' said the first 'What can I ? anewered the other. ' And how can I tell you ? It is altogether above words.' He was right. It was not to much admire. tion as awe aud worship that held the house that night. I have heard a man say since that he wonders how the play could ever have raised adyrhing beyond a laugh. He shoold have heard the sobs that every nowand then would break uncontrollably forth, even whilst Claire was epeaking. He should have felt the hush that followed every scene before the audience could recollect itself and pay its thunderous tribute. Still she never looked towards me, though all the while my eyes were following my lost love. Her purpose-and somehow in my heart I grew more and more convinced that some purpose lay beneath this transcendent dirnlay-was waiting for its accompltshment, it coming nesarer-enm r-sfah?cn? :a .as .oa. came. The tragedy was nearly over. Francesca had dismissed her old lover and his new bride from their captivity and was now left alone upon thestage. The last expectant tnsh had fallen upon the house. Then she a'epped slowly forward in the dead silence, and as she spoka the opening lines, for the first time our eyes met. deae. thin, all end. :-aU love, all hae, all vows,. 'sri vois roproacbe'. Aye.'to better so, So shall he bert forgive sad I forest ho alerso h ca bai.,edb him to a life-long cagre. Who eve had eoehbt ro-gte rse, gineeai vali while hoi romaneo hat mad. fo~aioerss dew, ter better to release him-lovitrg mre Mow love do, i-s Its love and be i, free, Thap sbhu d i by etw,ymeat?sgeek his jay, Bllahllog his love for whom alone I ullr. NO, no. A. od e j t, I could othbe. Yet. oh, my rove, b0 h.prY in the days I mayo shave, with net wo.e presntoUpe tlsr nthselghtolmv ltot.voatl I waold not have th-e think aveenow and thee eot dream thats t oat all aidram n he rwhoe love wesnaehlne for aeo hour. rhea died or 'er ist, rbeame oaeld hla sey lifo. t happy and tcriet what miht toav he beS, Forget my dear embraces tl or arms My lips to here, my children t. her eons, Wtllel-- Deaer love, It its ot hard to die Now om the path It plai. seeI acoept lnh step as glaeryso the earrdoet, os eay maid nano her bridal to In On etle a boke-One tiny touch of paoin ,and l am quit of paen for evermre. It seds no bravery. wes thoe hers to w e, I woald ent hsv thees weep, bt look-one stroke, And thus- What was that shriek far back there in the house? What was that at isght of which the kdlence rose white and agshast from their seats? What was it that made Sebastian eas he entered rusah soddenly forward and fall with awful cry before Fneeneecs's body ? What was that trickling down tiohe folds of her whitedress ? Blood I " Yes blood I Insan instast I put my hand upon the noshion ,of the box, vaultaed dorwn to the stage and was kbeeling beside my dying love. But as the clamorous bel rang down the curtain,. I heard above its noise a light and silvery laugh, aend lookIng up saw in the box next to mine the coal-black, devilish eyes of the yellow woman., Then thI euztahr fell. CHAPTER IX. T It HOW TWO VOIces LED lu TO ROAHD e SCHOONER ; ANDI WH0AT BEFELL. TRHESE, Sie died without air eech. Only, a I knelt beside her and streov to staunch that cruel stream of blood, her beautifoul eyes sought, mine in otter loves, and, a the last agony sho-k her frame, strove to send the filmy veil of 'death and' sneak to me still. Then with one long contented eigh, my love was dead, It was scarcely a minute before all was over. I -pressed one last kis upon -he yet warm lips, tenderly drew her white meantle a;es the pallid faee, and staggered from the theatre. I had not raved or. proteated as I had done Sthat same afternoon Fae hadt no power to e make me feel-now ; ,the point of anguish 5was paseced, and in ita plac e seceeded a I nembetrpidity more terrible by fse, though afar more bleased. .- - Myenead deed- Then Iwa_ dead for any ensibility to suffering that p poSsesse. lia4tleae and oloakless, I stepped nut inow the freeing nighto air, and reBtrdles of the curious looks of the passing throng t erned nd walked rapidly westward up the o reand. There .was a large ad eager crowd outside the Coliseum, foe already the newa was spreading ; bur something in my fane. m.ade athem cive room, and I passed through them an a mane in arntce The white orb of the moon wan high In Heaven; the frozen parement sounded hollow under foos-; the losg stre4t stood. nut, for altlite yellow gaslight, white and tdistinct a.gairat the elear air ; bulli marked nothing nf this,. I went westward because my brine -lay westwtard, and some insltnet intook my burryisg -feet thitber I had no purpose, no aensalton. ]For aught I knew. fthat aibie London might hare been sally o the dead. Suddenly Ihalted hnueeh as lamp- poe't, a~nd t Seran dimly to think, MY..love- _wacde~ad that wan the isne fact that filled my ennugam dat first. and es I streVS to imsR~et? upon m y. ebrain, hut could not, Bat an I...od.her afeebly st'unelior 'rich the tbonnrbt nn~ too t its place. Why should I live! coure -not ; betelr and it all: 5 .cues-. and pceseeasd with .this idea I- 55 i Sonce moes. flr'degrese asoI walked sloaiped itaei beatore men. L would to home, gat my granrfathe-', key,together with the ti, bxE containing my father's journal. andthee mae for the river. That would be anaky death and I could sink for ever, before I peishe, all trace of the black secret which bld per sed my life. I and the myster would and together-so best. Then, without .ul, almoet wish ghastly merriment, I thought that this was the some river.whiol had mur moredeo sweetly to my love. Welt, nodoebt its voice would be lust as musical over my grave. The some river-but nearer the sea now-nearer the infinite se. As I reflected, the idea took yet gtro?ger possession of me. Yes, it was in all resoects the best. The curseehould end now. 'Even as the Heart of the Raby is Blood andits Eyes a Flsmiug Fire, so shall it befor them that would possres it. Fire shall be their portion and Blood their inheritance ,for ever.' For ever? No; the river shoulnd wash the blood away and quenci the fire. Then arose another text and hammeredat the door of my remembrance. 'Manywaters cannot quench love, neither can' thefloo drown it.' 'Many waters-may- watersa.' The words whispered appealingly, invitiglly in my ears. ' Many waters.' My feet beat sane to the words. Ireathed my lodgings, can upairas.,took out the key and the tin box, and descended asain into the hall. My landlord was slipping down the latch. He stared at seeing me. ' Do not latch the door just yet. I a going out again.' Isaid simply. Going out I thought, sir, it wa you-ao just now come in.' 'Yese but I muat go out agal;'Iti im portent.' He evidently thought me mad; and so indeed I was. What. air, in that dress ? 'Yo've got no hat; no--' I had forgotten. 'True,' I said; ' get me a hat and cost.' He stared and then ran apataire for them Rseurning, he said : 'I have got you these, sir; buht I can't fnd bem . ouoae-lyr wear.' Those will do,' Ianswered. 'Imusthave left the others at the theatre.' This reduced him to utter speechlessens. Mutely he helped me to don the cloak over my thin evening dress. I slipped the tin boxandthe key into the pockets. As I stepped oat once more into the night my landlord found his speech : ' When will you be back, sir ?' The question startled me for aSmoment; for a seeond or two I hesitated." 'I asked because you have no lat'h.key, as I suppose you left it in your other coat. 8o that--' 'It does not matter,' I answered. * Do not sit up. I shall not be back before morning, and with that I left him still standing at the door, and listening to my footsteps as they hurried down the street. 'Before morning !' Before morning I should be in another world, if there were another world, And '.then ib struck me that Claire and I might meet. She had taken her own life'and so should L aBut no, no-Heaven would forgive her that ; it could not condemn my saint to the pia where I should lie. It could not, be so kindly cruet; and then I laughed a loud'and bitter laugh. lill in my dull stupor I found inyself nearing the river. I have not mentioned it before; but I must explain now,that during the summer Ihad purchased aboat, in which my Claire and I were used to row idly between Streatley and Pungbourne, or whithereover love guided our oars. This boat, with the approach of winter, I had caused to be brought down the river and bad housed in a waterman's shed just above Westminster, until the teturn of epring should bring back once more the happydays of its employment. In my heart I blessed the chance that had stored it ready to my hand. Stumbling through dark and tortuous streets where the moon's froaty brilliance was almost completely hidden. I came tulast to the waterman's door and knocked. He was in bed, and for some time my sum mons was in vain. At last I heard a sound in:the room above, the window was let down. and a sulky voice said, ' Who's there 2' SIs that you, Bagnell!' I answered. 'Come down. It is I, Mr. Trenoweth. and I want yon.' There was a low cursing, a long :pause broken by a muttered dispute upstairs, and then the street door opened, and Baguell appeared with a lantern. Bagsell, I went my boat.' ST.-night, sir ? And at this hour ?' 'Yee, to-night. I want it pautiularly.' rssistance, but I must have it.' - Bgusell ncked at me fora minute, and l could see that he was cursing under-his breath. Is it serious, air? You're not--' ' I am not drunk, if that is what you mean, . hat perfectly serious, and' I must have my b Won't another do as weltl ' 'No, it will not.' I felt in my pnclkets and fund two sovereigns and a few shillings. 'Look here' I esaid,. 'I wilt give you two pounds if yea get this boat out tfo me.' - This conquered ha reloc'ance. He stared for a moment as I m-ntioned the amou.t. and then hastily deciding that I was stark mad, but that it was none of his business, put on his hat and led the way to hi. boat yard. SBumbling in the uncertain light over innumerable timbers, spars, and old oars, we reached the shed at length, and togs her managed, after much delay, to get out .the light boat and let her down to the water. I. stave him the two sover igns as w-ll as the few shilinogs' that remained in my pocket, and as I descended, reflected gtimly that. after . all, they were better in his posses stun; the man who should find my body wonld hove so moch the less spoiL Wehad ecarcely spoken whi.st we were getting the to?t out, and what words we used wero uttered il. that whisper which nigrt ateaye enforces; but as I clambered down, for the tide was now far out, sad Bsgnall passed down the sculls, he asked : ' When will you be back, sir ?' The same question I I gave it the same answer: " N'ot before morning,' I said, and 'with a few strokes was out upon the ride and pulling down the risver. Isaw him standing there above in thb moonlight, still wondering, until he faded im rhe dim hae behind. My boat wa a light Thames diogey. so that, although I felt theb side r,uning up against, me, it oevrtheles* made Ic•r progress What decided me to poll against.the tile rather than floe, quietly upwards I do tnt know to tpb- day. So deadened and vague wa all my thought. hatitc prcbably never. occurred to me -to'. oorrect the direction In which the irat few - 'raokse had takn me .T1 ws conscious O1 nothing but a rowat lights gliding pa me on either bhand, o here and there a owoee.ot - eill building, that stood up for .an inscia asainst the ky and taeawsem lt-wn oUtofe oight; of the creaking of mr sculls in the un*ressed r.wlocke. and. above all, the hioe shimmer of the moon followaing my boe as it S.wung domwnwards Iresmember now tbas, In n childish way, 3 ried tro esape this peRwisteut brilliante hat. still olun to my boat'sa side with evey sirok. Itook; tr hat somehow a dull triumpn poe Ilseed me w?ho for a moment I el'peiir Ibeneth the ehadaow of a bridgen, o orept Ibehind a blcandk adslent hnll. Au this I oirecall now, asd wonder at sue- trivial n otare ofte tethoght. .Theo I caugho t har z-aot of whis rose.e and fell to wondering how iteametbee. Tnere hadbeen ohfasmey .cfl in the drawngroom that afternoon, I I rmenmbered when Claireo had said goodbye ' t" ever. How had it follosed me? After this, I seta myself bimleei to c--nut thI; light that pal ed, loeo oount,. and b*atr again. And all the timethe whiteghimme bohg at my side. S[ w .tll wrapped upa in my oul?,. alhonush the caspe was flaoug back 'o give arms free pla. Rowing tso, I mo qlqt, Il have been warm ; buti felt ino moren an - had felt the ovid ami walked home ,ron the vheatre. tIy boat was creeping along the Middlesex shore, bytheOld TempleBsaire, and preettly threaded t way through mor. I crowded channels, a,,,i pase-i under the blackness of London Bridge.. How .ar below this I went, i cannot cleuly eall 'o mind. Of distance, a wellus of teime, I bad loss all calculation. I reillct, snaking • circuit to avoid the press of boats waiting f,,r the early dawn by Billiusooute Mauket? and have a etsiln of theWhlbe Tower s=aiust the bves But my nex impression of asy cbrnrse is that ofmowing nuder the shaesow of a black thre-musted schooneortbsa lis I close undr ihore, tilled over on her pot \- ids in the low easer. As my dingey B caed oUt agaei from beneath the ovechnhgieg .hll, t looked upend saw the word., 'Watr Witch' psined in white upon her pitobhdadr bows. By this tim i was among the tiero 0 sbtpping. Ilooked back over my shonldey, and saw these eonsnuss masts loominu apse far u eye could-see in. the dimlioht.asi thaieg lamps gickering and waveeleg upon Sb. . ."., : : . , . :wartr. I suw? bota: aso co, .a. e.se, aunea then sltopped. Why go nrt ser ! Thie place an -would 'erve as well as any other. No one , was likely to hear my splash as I went over- sa .'oard; and evenit beato it would not be in- in 'terpreted. 1 was etill near enough to the g Diddtsex bank to be out of the broad mron- a ilght tbhat lit up the middle of the river. I el took the tin box out of my cloak and stowed ia it .,r a moment in the stern. I would ein it or with the key before I flung myself in So. alliong the key not of the other pocket, I b sook off the cloak, then my dress-cost and ti waistcoat, and folded them care- y 'ully, and "placed them on the stern seat. Thisa done, I slipped the key into one pocket a • t my troutere, my watch and chain into the n ether. I would do all quietly and in order, I f, eftlected. I was silently kicking off my shboe, y when a thought struck me. In my last i "-aetrugles it was possible that the desire of g 'life would master me, :and almost uncon- y aciously I might sake to swimming. In the J *olddaye at Lizard Town swimming had been as natural to me as walking, and I hbad no h doubt that as so·n as it the water I should a bedgn to strike out. Couldt I count upon determination enough to withhold my a me and let myself aloaly drown! I Here was a difficulty; but I resolvedto I nake everything sure. I took my badkei- a thief out of the coat pocket, and bent down a to tie my feet firmly together. All this I : did quite calmly and mechanically. As far as one can be certain of anything at this die- t tance of time, I am certain of this, that no thought of hesitation came into my htad. It 1 was not that I overcame any doubts; they never occurred to me. I was stooping down, and had already bound the handkerchief once around my iankles; when my. boat grated softly against something. I looked up, and saw once more above me a daik ship's hull, and right above my head the white letter-. Water Witch. This would never do. My boat had drifted aUp the river again with the tide, stern fore ?most, buta lit.e aslant, and had ranagainst the warp by the schooner's bows. Imuest a':nllus o gatn. for otherwime the people ont board would hear me. I pushed gently ufi -from the warp and took the aculls, when suddenly I heard voices back towards the -itern. My first impulse was to get away with all speed, and I had already taken half a stroke, when something caused my bands to drop and say heart to give one wild leap. What was it! Something in the voices! Yess; something that brushed my stupor frm me as though it were a cobweb; some. thing that made me hash my breath, and 'strain with all my ears to listen. The two voices were those of man and woman. They were slightly raised, as if in a -quarrel; the woman's pleading and entreat. ing, the man's threatening and stern. But -thatwas not the reason that suddenly eat my heart uncontrollably beating and all the blood rushing and surging to my templer. For in thoee two voices I recognised Mrs. Luterell and Simon Colliver I ! Have you not done enough !' the woman's , voice was saying. 'Has your cruelty no end,- that you must pursue me so! Take this money, anudslet me go. ' I must have more,' was the answer. 'Indeed. -I have no more jusonow. Go, only go, and I.will send you some, : Iswear it.' I' cannot go,' said the man., Why!' Never mind. I am watched.' Here the voice muttered some words which I could not catchb. So that unless youen wish to see your Shusband swing-and believe me, my confee. sion and last dying speech would not omit to mention the kind aid I bad received from you and Clar-' SHuash ! oh, hush ! If I get you this money willyou leave as in peace for a time ? Knowing your nature, I will not ask for pity; only for a short respite. I must tell Claire, poor iairP; she does not know yet--' Qhite softly my boat had drifted once more across the schooner's bows. I pulled it -round until its nose touched the anchor. chain, and made the painter fast. Then slipping my hand up the chain, I stood with my shoeless feet upon the gunwale by the -bows. Still grasping the chain, I sprang .end swung myself out to thejibboom that, with the cant of the vessel, was not far above the water; then pressed my foot between the stay and the brace, while I hung for a moment to listen. SThey had not heard; for I could stillcatch the murmur of their voices. The creak of thejibboom, and the sweish of my own boat beneath, had frightened me at first. It seemed impossible that it should not disturb them.' But after a moment my courage ieturned, and lpulled. zelftup .nuito_the :ra p'ro.'.-:av .610 or Detg spepe, crawlnrd slowlyaloug, anddropped noiselessly on to the deck. They were standing together by the mizon mnast, he with his back turned full towards Sme, she less entirely averted, so that I could see apart of her face in the moonlght, and thesilvery gleam of her grey hair. Yea, it was they, surely enough ; and they had not seen me. My revenge, long waited for, was in my grasp at last. SSodoanly, as I stood there watching them, SI remembered my knife--tie blade which Sand slain my father., I had left it below- fool' thatI was !-in the tin box, Could I creep back again, and return without attract ing their attention ? Should I hazard the attempt for the sake of planting that piece of steel in Simon Colliver's black heart! It.was a foolish thought, but my whole soal was set upon murder now, and the chance of slaying him with the very knife leftin my father's wound seemed too dear to be lightly given up. Most likely he was armed now, whilst if had no weapon but the uaked hand. Yet Idid not think of this. It n?ever even occurred to me that he would defend himself. Still, the thought of that knife was sweet to me as I crouched there beneath the shadow of the bulwarks. Should sIo, or not ! I paused for a moment, unde cided ; then rose slowly erect, As I did so Mrs. Luttrell turned for an instant and saw me. SAs I stood there, bareheaded, with the moonlight shining full upon my white ahirt. S-sleeves, I must have seemed a very ghost; for a look of abject terror swept acrose her face ; her voice broke off, and both her hands \- were flung up for mercy 'Oh, God I Look 1 look It A - I rushed forward he turned, and then, -with thespring of a wild cat, was upon me. Rven as he leapt, my foot slipped upon the :;grp?ey deck; I staggered backward one step S-two steps-and then fell with a crash down -the unguarded forecastle ladder. , ~ E' . CHAPTER X. r T XE u WHAT MAorEa- I ILA BHT mE SECBE S - OF TEa GBEAT x1v. :Ar my senses came gradually back I could ' distiguish a narrow, dingyrcbin, dimly lit by Sone drkeriog oil.hmp which swung from a S'sater tshove. Its faint my just revealed the S-furniture of the room, which consisted of a 'seaman's chest etanding in the middle, and >rtwo gaant stools. On one of these I was w-eeated, propped against the cabin wail, or \- esther partition, and as I attempted to move :I learnt that I was boond hand and foot. On the other stool orpneite me and beside the cheat, eat Simon Colliver, silently eyeing me. The lamplight as it flared and wavered cast groteeque and dancing shadows of the man upon the wall behind, made of his Smatted hair black eaves under which his eyes .glesmed red as fire, and glinted lastlyunoon 'something bright lying on the chest before -'him. For a minute or so after my eyes first opened no word was said. Stilldizzy with my fall, I stared for a moment at the man ' then at the chest, and saw that the bright obhiects gleaming there were my trend fsather's ksy and my watch chain, at theend of which hang the Golden Olasp. But now I he Clasp was fitted to its fellow and the Swhole backle lay united upon the board. : Though the bonds around mr arms, wriste, and ankles caused me intolerable ,pat, yet my first feeling was rather of "abject humiliation. To be caught thus seaeiy, to he tiylg here like any rat in a '5gin this was the agonising thought. Nor :'was this all. There on the cheat lay the "(toldes Clasp united at last-the work com. ,pleted which was begaun with that unholy -massucre on board the Belle Fortune. I 'had played straight into Colliver's hand. He was in no hurry, but eat and watched ame there with those intolerably evil eyee. ..His left hand was shrost carelessly into his :pocket, and as he tilted back upon the stoi-l ;ahd suenrveyed me, his right was playing with .the clasp upon the chest. As I painfully Sinmed my head. a drop of blood came S'trickling down into my eyes from a cutin 'my forehead; I saw, however, that the disor was bolted. Au empty bot le and a plate of ,bmoken victuals lay carelessly thrust in a ?orner, and a villainous smell from the \- lamp filled the whole room and almost 'choked me; bt the only sond in the stilnes I at the place was the monoton.uas tick-tick of i _my watch as itley upon the chest. -1How long I had lain there I could -ot guesae but I noticed that the fl-.or slanted much fees than when I nrst rcrameled on deck, so guesed that- the tide muss have eien considerably- Then having xhaseted amn wonder. I looked again at Colliver, and nesu to speculat hi,. ah., wr h kul me1 a' and how lou, ha would take about it, 01 I found his wolfsh eyes still resatdig me, and for a mtinte or twoiwestudied each other in silence. Then, without removing ,his gaze, he tilted his stool forward, slowly drew ' a short, heavy knife from his waist'band, slipped it out of its sheath-still without b raking hie left hand from his pocket-laid it on the table and leant back again. a ' I suppose," he said at last, and very deli- r berately, as if chewing his words,' you know I that if you attempt to cry out or summon help you area dead man that instant. ' Well, well,' he continued, after waiting for a moment for my reply, s"as long as you understand that, it does not matter. Icon fees I ehould have preferred to talk with you and not merely to you. However, before I kill you- and I suppose you guess that I am i going .to kill you as soon as I've done with pou-I wish to have just a word, Master Ja-per Trenoweth.' From the tore in which he said the words he might have been congratulating me on some great good fortune. He paused awhile as if to allow the full force of them to rink in, and then took up the Golden Cia-p. Holding the pieces together with the fore Sfinger and thumb of his right hand, he advanced and -thauet it right under my eight 'Do you see that ! Can you read it ? As I was still mute he walked back to the chest and laid the Clasp down again. ! Alta !' he exclaimed with a short laugh t horrible to hear, ' you won't speak Bat r there hare been times, Mr. Jasper Treno weth, when you would have given your soul r to lay hands upon this piece of gold and r read what is written upon it. It is a pity t your hands are tied-a thousand pities. But el do not wish to be hard onyon, soldon't a mind reading out what is written here. The secret will be safe with you, don't you see! I Quite-safe-with-you.' He rolled out these last words, one by one. t with infinite relish; and the mockery in the Sdopths of those ees ward me urr morothern my bonds. After watching the effeet or his taunt he resumed his seat upon the stool, i pulled the Clasp towards him, sad said S' People might call me rash for entrusting these confidences to you. But I do not I mind admitting that I owe you some repa a ration-some anterior reparation. So, as d I don't wish yon to die cursing me, I will be generous. Listen !' ! He held the buckle down upon the table r and read out the inscription as follows : t* START. AT , FULL .IOON , END.800T?H. d olw. 27 , FEET . N . 22 . rtr. d WV. . OF . BING . ORTH .SIDE. 4. a FEET . ..INCHES . DEEP .AT . POINT. t- OF , MEETING . LOW . WATER . 1 . HOUBS. It He read it through twice, very slowly, and 1 each time as he ceased looked up to see how I took it. - a 'It does not seem to make much sense. doesit! he asked. ' But wait a minute and 'a let me parcel it out into sentences. I should inot like you to miss any of its meaning. to Listen again.' He divided the writing up thus; 'Start at full moon. I End South Point 27 feet N.N,W. 22 feet W. of Ring. North Side. 4 feet 6 inches deep at point of meeting, Low water 1 hourn.' o 'You still seem puzzled, Mr. Trenoweth. cr Very well, I will even go on to explain e. further. The person who engraved this to Clasp meant to tell us that something-let es e say treasure, for sake of argument-could be found by anyone who drew two lines from is some place unknown; one 27ft. in length in ,! direction N.N.W. from the South Point of or that place; the other 22ft. due West of a certain Ping on the North side of that same place. So far I trust I make my meaning re clear. That which we have agreed to c-ll the it treasure lies buried at a depth of 4ft. Gin. on r. the spot where these two lines intersect. But ,n the person (you or I, for the sake of argo th ment) who seeks this treasure must start at on fall moon. Why ? Obviously because the 3g spring tides occur with a full moon, conee Lt, quently the low ebb. We mustexpect, then, ve to find our treasure buried m a spot which is an only uncovered at dead low water; and to a this conclusion I am also helped by the last sentence which says, 'Low water at 1. :h hours." It is then, I submit, Mr. Treno. of weth, in some such place that we must look at for our treasure; the only question being, It " Where is the place '' rb I was waiting for this, and a crest tide of ge joy swept over me as I reflected that after all he he had not solved the mystery. The l to (to ue cosNo.to. 