Directoire Costumes* ' Most of thcso Parisian creations, wlion they do soo tho'light, are found to bo of tlio Dircbtoiro poriod, or rather thoy rango from Into Mario Antoinette to early Viotoria covering n period from 1790 to 1830, nud including tlio incroyablo coat and tho Lady Nolnon log-o'-mutton sleeve*. Tho waists (ire short, and tlio bustlo—tho dear old busllo of thoso ten'years and more—has, liko the Uoojuin, ' softly and silently vanished away.' Tho more conservative and oldorly woiirn wear ft inilil ghost of the once reignin; tournure in the sliapo of. a single small reed anil a small, a very small, hair-ou.shion ; but the Younger folk hare decreed that the rti should be unmistnkeably m*rt, and that long coat-tails must reign in his stead. In all these Directoire gowns the effort is to make garments Tory dinging and narrow, and the petticoats beneath have, in consequence, lost their starch and wilted liko a flower. Indeed Kate Phillips, the English dress-maker, declares that most of the women who come to her now to be fitted aro dressed from top to too in silk. This in tho way an ultra-faslnonablo New York woman dresses herself to-day. First go on a pair of silk Jersey drawers, and they aro so soft and fine that they coidd almost bo crumpled up into ono hand, and nro tinted all sorts of dolicato colours, liko tho leaf of a pink ton-rose, tho palo, early green of spring leaves, or tho blue of tlio morning sky, but tho moro fastidious women always preferred whito for undergarments, and so thcso aro probably a lovoly ghado of ivory. Thoro is drawn ovor tho head a littlo silk-knit shirt, that clings to tho body without a fold anywlioro, and is fastened around tho shoulders with a narrow whito ribbon. Over this goes tho whito silk corset that moulds tho figuro into shape, and lastly a potticoat of ilat •plaits of the finest and softest India silk laid to a smooth yoko. Tho stockings 'aro of gray silk ns fino as n cobweb, hold nbovo tho knee with jowollcd garters, and this dainty femalo's feet aro shod in gray suido shoes, soft and smooth, fitting liko her gloves. Then she is ready for tho Dircctoiro gown, which will bo something liko this ; A skirt of palo pearl-coloured crepe,crimped in tlio tiniest looso plaitfrointho waist down. Tho incroyablo ooat has immense pointed lapels and swallow-tails down to tho edge of tho skirt behind. It is inado of gray-green brooado of an oxquisitoly soft shado, nnd hangs open in front, each edgo having a row of big oxidized silvor buttons, which aro also on tho dcop square cull's of tho sleovo. A double-brcMted waistcoat, alsrt with deop-pointcd lapels, is of striped gray and green silk, with buttons of tho samo sort, but Bmallor in sizo. A hugo cravat of tho grey crepo is tied ia a big bow under tho chin j a tall gray liat with narrow straight brim and squaro orown, is covored with green plumes, and tlio costumo is completed with gray Buudo gloves and ono of tho long incroyablo walking-sticks which aro boing shown now in tho shop windows of Broadway. Mrs. Langtry for some two years past has been using this sort of silkon underwear, as her steadily increasing onibonpoint has nuido it necessary that to her outlino not a liair's-breadth should bo'added. She stood this influx of woll- gownod women as long ns sho could, and then slio suddenly sailod away to got liorself some good gWns too. Apropos of her clothes sho is tho boat dressed aotross in tho world, for sho wears us magnifieont costumcs off the stago as oh; and that id what nouo of tho others do.' 