CHURCH MATTERS. The letters which have recently ap peared in th e.Serald on this subject gave divers persons an opportunity of airing their own hobbies. To each of them " there waB nothing like leather," and that of his own particular tanning. But all purported to be founded on a comparison of returns in the Statistical Register, which are ac knowledged by the Government Statisti cian to be utterly incapable of such com- parision. The returns give the estimates from 1876 to 1885 inclusive, of all the at tendants at Church for a whole day at all 'services ; whereas that for 1886 gives' the estimate of the attendance at one service only on one day. There is therefore an immense apparent deficiency, most strik ing, of course, in the largest denomin ations ; the Church of England showing 74,535 in 1885, and 60,796 in 1886 ; the Church of Rome, 79,174 in 1885, and in 1886,72,505. All the denominations shared this sud den apparent decrease (with one solitary ' small exception) and the placing of the figures as they are in the registry report led to the false comparison. The new re- gister now about to be issued will correct this. The complaint was against all denomin ations. But soon it began to be directed only against the Church of England, for no reason on earth. Anyone who looks even cursorily at the immense number of new and enlarged churches belonging to that Church, erected and maintained, and ministered to by clergymen, within the times compared, will see the absurdity of supposing a decrease of church attendance, unless those churches are built for noth- ; g> by no one, and administered by par sons unsupported by anyone ; who must he resorting, in that case, to Mr. Buchanan's mistaken idea of the apostolic practice of maintaining themselves by their own labour apart from the Churches. ' In point of fact there is nothing whatever in the attendance at the Church of England places of worship, on the whole, which contrasts unfavourably with others, ex cept, perhaps, that of the Papacy, where the attendance at Mass is absolutely obli gatory as as a supposed essential to salvation. In no Church, in any part of the world, is the church attendance nearly equal to what it was a century ago. In no Church but one, is it believed to be so important a part of religion, There are other means by which godly people can and do keep the Lord's Day holy. There are greater needs for other kinds of relaxation, and greater facilities for quiet meditation and reading. There are also greater attrac tions and facilities to worldly pleasures; and, above all, there is absolute freedom of action. UnlesB we are optimists and fanatics, how can we expectthat any larger average of the whole will be found within church walls, at any one service, than now are found ? The reported average is a very large one. The population does not abandon religion, merely because it does not in larger proportion, flock to the Sun day services. Many lose interest in that particular form, going less frequently, but not forsaking it; just as the majority of playgoers do not crowd as formerly to Shakespeare and the legitimate drama, but still do not forsake the drama itself. Besides the way in which such calcul ations are made, is unreasonable and un just. There are first put down some hundreds of thousands returned as belong ing to the Church of England, and com pared with 74,535 estimated attendants at church on one day. Of course we are not told of the multitude of persons, so young, so aged, so taken up with nursing these, so far away from a church, so sick or so attending on sick, so feeble, so poorly clad ; so necessary at home for guarding property ; who are to be subtracted. In the case of the -Anglican Church, there remains the hereditary distinction of hav ing all persons who are " detached " and owned by;ahd owning, noreligion, fathered on her in the census, so that not nearly one half of the numbers attributed to her in that document really belong to her. A Christian Church is a society of willing members, just as any other society — say the Masonic. One cannot be a member of the Masonic, or any other body, unless he take, or has taken, some steps to join it. The society must stand or fall in judgment, by its members, not by outsiders. If even our father and grandfather were Masons, our conduct as a non-mason would not affect the Society. We wonder how many of the four hundred thousand people credited to the. Church of England in the census, have, ever done anything, or taken any step whatever, in order to join that Church, or to identify themselves with it. In any other sect the others would not be counted. They ought not to be counted in any sect, and they would not be counted in the Anglican, except as a ghost of a vanished fallacy, that all the people of England were technically members of that sect. Of the remainder, the record of atten dance is very large ; nor may it be expected to increase much, on the whole, in face of the new. order of things. Certainly the methods proposed of late are not likely to prevail. .One wants better sermons and more intellectual power, and yet requires the preachers, and the intellectually powerful; to exhaust their strength, and squander their time, in gadding about, circulating vaguely from house to house, and touting ; r as if men so filling in their days obu2d. be intellectual, meditative, studious, and good preachers, teachers, and advisers. Men cannot continually give forth what they never put in. But the firBt demand of the " stipend fund " and the parish grumbler, is " perpetual motion." One wants the sermon to be entirely omitted, except at Holy Com-; munioh, just apparently because he would prefer it. How it would increase the attendance, it is impossible to say. Nor, indeed, has the abolition of the seat , rent any tendency that way. It is a fad, and no more. It may be said with perfect truth that no man or woman is in this colony, excluded from Church for want of convenient sitting:room. Wo have heard groundless talking of the working man having " no seats," in a church of which more thau half the seats were free and open to all. The present system, at all events, in volves the necessity of some pecuniary contributions to the maintenance of churches. Any form of money giving and money asking, presents of course, an obvious objection ; which certainly lies much more against the collection at the time of worship than against that form of a regulated payment called seat rent. The stipend begging fund is surely more objectionable than either. We know of many who are attached to the seat appro priation system, because of its good effect in keeping the family, children and all, together quietly with their books, &c.; At all events, until endowments are pro vided, churches in general could not dis pense with such aid. And then endow ments would be unpopular with the class of persons representing apushingminority, who have their own way at annual church meetings, the large majority absenting themselves. What would become of the starving out system under endowment? The multiplication of " priests " and their band in every parish would be just as delusive, and more mischievous. All England, all Erance, and all Germany testify to its failure. Mr. Buchanan was, of course, in error, in supposing that, in apostolic days, the rule was for ministers to support them selves, because St. Paul, said he did so as an exception, not using , the general rule of being supported by the Church with out working. It is in the very passages which " boast " of his preaching the gospel " without charge " to one particular Church,; that he reminds that Church that his action was, exceptional, and that the universal rule, was, that preachers of the gospel should "forbear working,"' and should " live of the gospel," should even like the Brethren of the Lord and; Cephas, carry about at the Church's expense, a sister, a wife, &c.; (See 1 Co., ix., 5-6., 14-18. 2 Cor., xi., 10, &c; ) He even tells , the Corinthians that while working he "took wages of other Churches " to do them , this service — 1 Cor.,xi.,8— which was quite exceptional. : Still, we believe it would be a wholesome usage in many places in these times. At all events an efficient and independent clergy cannot long be . maintained under the present Bystem, or no system. If the people prefer that ministers be fairly learned, and give all their time, and shall not trade or farm, then they must make up their minds to make due provision for men of that stamp, and to make it in a way not. un certain and not degrading. At present, lists of shillings and crowns are hunted up. by the ladies for the parson — "the stipend fund " — and a printed list of this begging progress is handed to him every year ; and the sum offered to a clergyman on engagement iB so miserably inadequate, that he would make far more by any conceivable business ; while even this pittance is not secure to him, no one being responsible for his getting it. It may be that many parishes have not the means of doing better. Perhaps so. Then why not so arrange with their clergyman at first, that he is to be considered free to support himself by his own industry ? Or else there is the alternative of doing without a resident parson, until they can provide a decent living for him. The present syBtem is a refinement of cruelty, and deters good men from the ministry. Here is room for a great reform, but church attendance after the old standard, can never be revived, and even in Apostolical days we are told " many forsook the assembling themselves together " — Heb. x. 25 — al though they had inspired teachers with miraculous giftB. We must adapt our- to the new conditions, and make the most of them. 