CAN THE DEAD COMMUNICATE WITH THE Ll\'lNU/ Last evening, at the Wharf-street Baptist Church, in the hearing of a very large coughs gation, the Rev W Vi have delivered an address, which partook rather of the nature of a lecture than of a sermon, in reply to a leading article headed the "Domes of the Dead" which appeared in the Evening Observer of 30th June Mr Whale, in opening his subject, stated that he had no desire to enter into a controversy upon it, but after his previous address he had received a large number of questions touching it These questions, like the article referred to, had all been written in a non antagonistic spirit, and he proposed, when occasion offered, to reply to them. He did not, of course, presume to know the unknowable, for he recognised that on this, as on other subjects man reached the limit of his i powers, nor 1 ud be any intention of dogmatising upon the matter he only desired to give what in his own opinion was according to the Divine Word, an exposition on a subject which appeared to have excited some interest To deal with the remarks made in the article, first he found that the writer had been under some misconception, as it commenced, "In his (Mr Whale's) eagerness to cut away the ground beneath the modern medium and the ghost "err at all ages, Ki " This was not his eager ness" and i, for though he had frequently in side reference to spiritualism and other "items," he had not c deavoured t > cond at them Referring to the account of the witch of Endor and the raising of Samuel, the article had expressed surprise Unit be had regard d it is FO fraught with fanaticism and superstition as to be un- reliable in evidence " But he was dealing with this matter in a particular way If men contended that their dead to lands could return to earth to advise and guide them, in consider- ing the question it was necessary that they should put out of view everything that was miraculous for that showed that it was not an 01 dinary circumstance, but an exceptional one This was the only instance in Scripture worthy of notice of a dead person returning to speak with those he had known when alive, and who were still living on this earth, and in dealing with it there was the necessity that they must first be sure of the facts It was not wise to base a whole theory upon an isolated and disputed statement, and although they had no reason to absolutely deny everything connected with the story of the witch of Endor, neither should they forget the difficulties surrounding it If he were called upon to make it a foundation fact upon which to base a theory he would say it was not a sufficiently undisputed fact for that purpose Critical opinion by those who professed to hold the teachings of the Divine Word were so divided upon it that it could not be accepted as sufficient Some believed that it was witchcraft, and if that was so it must be admitted that it was denounced as a work of darkness, and there was as much to prove that it was witch- craft as that it took place at all If so. Said obtained from the woman a revelation which he could not obtain through the prophets of God or by, Unm or Thummim Others, as for in stance Kitti, Geikie, said Dr Parker, believed in the appearance, but tried to show that it was altogether independent of and a surprise to the woman Others regarded it as a clear case of demonology, as was held by, Dr Gill and Mathew Henri Others, and he (the speaker) was amongst them, regarded it as a subjective illusion born of the excited state of mind that Saul, who was on the verge of insanity, was in at the time By others again, such as Dr. Payne, it was held to be but the trickery of a cunning and audacious woman, wh-)haviDgknown Samuel and Saul, and also the condition of the country, simply persuaded I J Smith, who was quite willing to believe her, that she saw Samuel, and thereon the whole seemed as reasonable a way of accounting for it as another. There were besides those who con- ordered the occurrence as pure necromancy, and others who regarded it as a miracle, and thought that God specially sent Samuel to tell Said what was to come to him. Admitting, therefore, that the writer of the I account believed that both the woman and a Saul saw Samuel, what then ? Was it natural, divine, or diabolical was it authentic and authoritative V He (Mr. Whale was neither a spiritualist nor a materialist ; the truth lay, he thought, in blending the two and regarding soul as the outcome of that union, thus making man consist of body, soul, and spirit. He believed in spiritual beings, but not that they could communicate with the living, although he would not deny that there were extraordinary matters besides what were called physical matters that were to be accounted for only as something connected with the soul rather than with the spirit. But there came the question, that only the body' counsel he really visible to the senses, and the appearance, therefore, involved in some way resurrection, and in this connection Mr. Wlmlo quoted largely from the writing of Dr. Cook, of Boston, to show that a large proportion of the spiritualistic phenomena was the result of trickery. The article proceeded to express surprise that the recorded appearance of the dead in connection with the life of Christ were not taken by him (Mr. Whale) as evidence. These appearances were three in number the widow's" son, the centurion" daughter, and Lazarus-, Martha's brother, but neither of them had any possible connection with the subject that he could receive'. These were all resurrections, namely, bringing back the dead to conscious life-not bringing back the spirits of the dead for the purposes of communication with the living. He was not denying the posse of God to make manifest thatwbichishid- den or to do whatsoever He found most to do; but he affirmed that the dead do not, as dead, communicate with the living that the phenomena inexplicable may be greatly less than the appearance of the dead that the revelation made forbids us to expect guidance from spirits invoked by us or sent by those who are supposed to know us. The case of the appearance of of Moses and Elijah was one of those in the life of Christ which demanded consideration. Both of these prophets left this world in an oxlrnordhmry manner: the one in a chariot of fire without seeing death and with regard to the other, no man knoweth his sepulchre." It was also to be noted that they made no communication to the disciples did not speak to them at all and Jesus spoke of it as a vision Although this" was too special a case to be more than an exception, and so out of range that it could not be considered as evidence, it served to show the reality of the life after death, but not that the spirits of departed can communicate with man. It was Christ who was transfigured, and by this trans- figurations, quite independently of nature's laws, UP entered into an intermediary stage, so that He communicated with Moses and Elms, who " appeared in glory." This was an extraordinary occasion to which no parallel could be found. Was the parable of the rich man and Lazarus a " special occasion ?" Whether or no, it argued that there was a greater gulf between the next world and this than between those who were in Heaven and those who were in Tartarus; for Abraham could not or would not communicate with the five brothers of the rich man. The writer of the article had referred to " the direction of attention which constitutes presence, and this Mr. Whole hold to be had metaphysics and false philosophy, for it would go to prove that the rich man had so persistently been directing his attention upon his brother s that he had appeared to them. The narrative really went to show that death mount a cessation of correspondence with the living, and that the sending of Lazarus would have meant the raising of the dead. Again, the article assumed that the difficulty lies with the living more than with the dead, since our across to their minds not only through our material inventors." To a certain extent he was a believer in what was thrown us thought reading, but how could a spirit communicate with Iii sing portions o.:,nยก,ยก Premiers material, avenue," and the shrill or securing, first ina-, and touch wore full of this (date. * AVenUe the, dime tion of attention" to an appearance, and if not, how could it, communicates His remark, of course, applied only to communications can ordered as an element in practical or religious life, and to answer those requirements the whole theory would have to based upon the witch of Endor, for 113 the cTiiofntionsread went to show, the communications received in modern psychic ii m. infestations had nothing now to say, but has.! a divided voice and taught different doctrines. The address was listened to with the utmost attention and interest, and at its conclusion Mr. Whale intimated that he would choose another occasion for replying to the numerous questions bearing on the same subject that he had received. 