A Lone Star Bo-Peep. BY HOWARD SEELY Day was just breaking on the Chadbourne Trail. The pale mists, surprised by rosy Aurora, were scampering in hurried dishabille across its wavering outline, tearing their trailing night-robes upon the thorny mes- quites and scattering filmy draperies in its live oak aisles. A few faint stars, through fleecy cloud-rifts, still twinkled tearfully, and but a moment ago the waning moon, that had languished in the western heaven, had lain a pale face upon the eloping shoulder of a great divide and wearily sunk to rest within its sombre bosom. There is a dewy freshness in the air; a strong damp, earthy odour; then on the wings of a gentle breeze— fragrant forerunner of morning—the scent of a thousand wild-flowers, swinging their perfumed censers in worship of the coming sun. Meanwhile, in the shadowy vistas of the dim shrubbery, vague, indistinct forms seem moving. They flit to and fro with a skulking and stealthy movement; they seem alert, uneasy, restless—the ghosts of incarnate suspicion. Suddenly they are off in a body, with a precipitate haste that is ludicrous in its apparent cowardice. Immediately and sharply to the right comes a quick, startled sound, like that made by a stone shaken violently in some metal vessel. The sounds increase and seem associated with the movement of some impeded and lumber- ing animal. An oath! a shot! The sulphurous suggestion of man and gunpow- der! While after a silence more apparent from the recent explosion, during which the rising orb comes proudly up the horizon, a large pecan motte, now visible, and from which the recent disturbances have proceeded, resounds with shrieks and barks, as if all Bedlam were let loose—the impotent cries of Texan coyotes. They die away down the wind. The silence, now, and the sunlight hold sway. Within the still, dim precincts of this motte, the skeleton of a denuded cow- pen stretches its emaciate length. A cooking stove, lidless, doorless, broken- legged, stares with uncompromising effrontery at the encroaching light. Garments that have survived their usefulness, scattered here and there, like uniforms of the fallen, lend their additional aid to the general air of discom- fiture. Civilisation seems to have encoun- tered nature and suffered defeat. Thus desolate, since a remote 'round-up,' has this live-stock Andersonville remained. It was left for Mr. Faye Howe to revisit its belligerent remindings and speculate upon its analogies. I am not over-confident that the gentle- man was alive to these. Mr. Howe was sleepy. The languor of disturbed dreams clouded his otherwise acute perceptions. At the precise moment that he dawns upon the reader's consciousness, his bearing is unob- servant, his attitude unconsidered. The details of his bivouac are in a sense martial, without its vigilance. Enveloped in his gray blanket and with his head in the hollow of his saddle, he appears lost in the embraces of the drowsy god. But the presence of his recently discharged revolver, and at a few yards distance the already stiffening carcass of a coyote betray evidences of recently aroused energy. The only object at present gifted with volition, however, stems his belled and hobbled light sorrel—from certain 'cold gravy' resemblances denominated 'Oscar Wilde,' Mr. Howe's remote and sarcastic protest against England's then sufficient recent infliction. Mr. Faye Howe is an American, and does not consider his country or its government a necessarily dangerous experiment. He is as yet serenely unaware that he can derive any enlighten- ment political from the 'other side.' Mr. Faye Howe is not a snob; he is not a toady. Mr. Faye Howe is, nevertheless, between twenty-six and twenty-seven. For the next hour or so, the neighbouring solitude suffers little change. The hampered mustang with its unmelodious accompaniment pursues the ancient and equine occupation, of nebuchadnezzar with an occasional snort of satisfaction. A peripatetic chaparral-cock, with the unexplainable weakness of that bird for morning calls, had perched upon a pin- nacle of the neighbouring cow-pen, and turning his wise head upon one side, speculated for some minutes with gratuitous gravity and the air of a puzzled physician, upon the laziness of his extemporized patient; and then departed upon his customary rounds. In the meantime, the beams of the long arisen sun shot through the branches of the overhanging pecans and heated the blonde head of the sleeper uncomfortably. He turned uneasily. Later several acute twinges made him conscious that he was an obstacle to a caravan of pilgrim ants, which held their inflexible line of march across his recumbent body. He rose to a sitting posture with significant haste. Still heavy with the dews of sleep, Mr. Howe became nevertheless aware of a pattering, clicking sound, made by successive objects dropping from the sur- rounding air. Staggering to his feet, he instinctively sought the carcase of the dead coyote. It was covered with the already present and constantly arriving hosts of the burrowing beetle. A grim, flapping shadow intruded itself for a second upon its sun- steeped outline. He raised his eyes. A turkey-buzzard with gory crest looked down in ghoul-like sedateness from a limb above. The speedy burial service of southern lati- tudes was already in progress. With a dejection of manner, aggravated, no doubt, by an empty stomach, Howe busied himself in the preparation of a primitive repast. An adjacent pool of water, of which the encircling pecans were an infallible index, assisted him in hasty ablutions—somewhat perfunctory under the circumstances. Re- freshed by these sketchy efforts, here-kindled the embers of his dying fire, cut a forked stick of the mesquite, and toasted some strips of bacon from a piece tied up in a sack behind his saddle. The odour of the broiling morsels stimulated an appetite already whetted by the balsamic air of the wilds. With the aid of a leaf of bread and some cool water dipped from the neighbouring pool with the brim of his sombrero, he accomplished a hearty— because hungry—repast. The completion of this meal, the observant buzzard, now rein- forced by several contemplative comrades, awaited with a patient etiquette which his presence enforced Then saddling, with incongruous haste, his satirically entitled steed, this solitary wayfarer sprang into his stirrups, and rode carelessly away from his sylvan bed-chamber and breakfast-room, without even a casual survey of what he left behind him. As Mr. Howe emerged from the shelter of the pecan motte and rode out upon the plain, a sense of exuberant health made him bestride his muscular horse with a feeling of elation. A short ride brought him to the line of trail, into which he at once turned, and for a few moments pursued his way between its mes- quite fringes with pre-occupied thoughtful- ness. Doubtless few of his whilom companions would have recognised in this sun- tanned and centaur-riding wanderer a certain aspirant for collegiate honors a few years previous. Yet such was he. A critical inspection developed the fact that his garments, albeit conventional and of the traditional type, did not sit upon him with the habitude of a frontiersman. Aside from their newness, there was a lack of intimacy, between them and the limbs of the wearer which at once obtruded itself, and which the fact that garments are regarded by the true native as species of highly-lacerated cuticle was eminently calculated to overcome. However, a certain careless freedom and withal a recklessness of mien were not with- out explaining the present geographical posi- tion of the gentleman; and there was an easy adaptability in his genial face, quite in keep- ing with his surroundings. The faint scent of the wild verbena, mingled with the more brooding odour of buffalo-clover, steeped his senses as he quickened his horse's pace. Prairie-dogs, with the impudence of pigmies in their strongholds, barked at him as he passed, or suddenly disappeared in their bur- rows with a gurgling murmur of disapproba- tion at his invading progress. A crazy 'killdee,' screaming with the occasional aim- lessness of an itinerant vendor, ran before him upon the right, and with commendable coun- terfeiting of helplessness attempted to decoy him from her young. A jackass-rabbit, plunging wildly from a neighboring bush, limped painfully away with its customary mendacity, and then turned and stared at him from under exaggerated ears. In emphatic derision of its hypocrisy, Howe put spurs to the intrepid 'Oscar,' compelling the shame- less cripple to an exhibition of speed which disclosed its pitiful deception, and well-nigh frightened into convulsions the would-be redoubtabe 'mule-ear.' After a prolonged and exhilarating canter that drove the blood into the browned cheeks of the rider, he checked his horse, with the perfumed breezes thrilling his pulses. As he did so, a lumbering gray owl of the horned species slipped from a neighbouring live oak and flapped heavily away. Howe drew rein mechanically. Looking up into the near top of the dwarf tree from his elevated position, he espied a capacious nest in a secure fork, from which point of vantage two pairs of wondering eyes blinkingly regarded him. He immediately dismounted, tethered his horse by the lariat which hung from the pommel of his saddle, and proceeded to climb the tree. Arriving at the nest, he saw what he had be- fore conjecturcd—two juvenile owls, partly fledged, and regarding him, with grotesque wisdom, from the midst of debris—the bones of moles and prairie-dogs, of tender years, pur- veyed for their delectation by their solicitous parents. In that spirit of dissent from the proclivities of animate nature which had actuated him all the morning, Howe, after a few moments of amused inspection, selected the most promising specimen of owldom and deposited him in the capacious pocket of his ducking-cloth jacket. Not an instant too soon, though; for the above-mentioned, solicitous sire and mother, returning in com- pany at this critical moment, attempted to interpose a forcible but unavailing remon- strance, as the triumphant thief slipped down the tree. 'Say—mister—wot—ye—got?' panted a mischievous voice behind him. I mention it with regret, but candour compels it, that Mr. Howe gave a very violent start. If there are any circumstances under which one is justified in deeming himself secure from the fair, it would seem that such might he realised upon the bald prairies of South-West; and yet, anomalous as it may appear, encounters with a proverbially curious sex are not absolutely unknown. The vastness of the surroundings, the loneliness of the solitudes, impart a feeling of isolation from feminine fascinations — a security against observation, so that the first impulse of surprise suggests an attack, or, at best, an intrusion. He faced abruptly around. Seeing his evident amazement, his interrogator gave vent to a long, loud, extravagant, but not unmusical explosion of laughter, accented by hilarious gestures of delight. Howe entered upon a critical survey. The object of his scrutiny might be fairly said to challenge feminine classification. What he saw was a small figure so phenomenally clad in garments of either sex that indecision as to gender was pardonable, to say the least. She had evidently been running, and her present merriment was heightened by the fact that she was quite out of breath. Her feet and ankles were bare, and somewhat scratched with the catclaw and cactus, but, they were very small feet and ankles for all that. She wore a dress exhibiting similar signs of suffering from thorns, and through a diversity of three-cornered rents disclosing a red petti- coat. Her hands did not appear, but a heavy hunting-jacket, buttoned negligontly about delicate little shoulders and with several inches of superfluous sleeve, oppressed rather than clad two slender arms, increasing the general air of incongruity and discomfort. A broad sombrero of felt, heavily adorned with tarnished silver lace and additionally encumbered by a strap-band with double thongs and buckles—conveying the im- pression of some primitive variety of cranial torture—formed her decidedly cumbrous headgear. And yet the face that appertained to this much beclothed picture of health was quaint and pretty. A pair of very roguish black eyes were discretly presided over by long, fringing lashes. A braid of black hair, loosened by her recent activity, struggled from beneath her hat and fell upon her shoulders. The observant eye of Mr. Faye Howe detected a revolver worn rather ambitiously beneath the coat. With almost a sigh for a fastidious taste, festered in feminine matters by past promenade concerts, he decided that she was about sixteen and unquestionably a very pretty young woman. She suddenly regained her composure and spoke with damaging abruptness. 'Don't ye reckon yer 'shamed o' yerself— robbin' birds'-nests?' she asked, boldly. Somewhere in the depths of Howe's slumbering conscience there lurked a faint sense of shame for his present predicament. He tacitly acquiesced. 'Why did ye go to do it, then?' she inquired, with the air of a privileged mentor. 'To give to you,' he replied, finding his tongue at once in the fabrication of this entertaining falsehood. This put a new construction on the case which the girl was quick to perceive. Gallantry, of however doubtf of a character, is always appreciated by the artful sex. She was appeased but not convinced. Dropping her chin suddenly, she exhibited to the gentleman's view a blank desert of hat, and appeared to commune with the precocious judgment beneath it. Finally, raising her face again, and releasing her questioning eyes from their discreet, mourn- ing fringes, ' Will ye—will ye swear ye saw me?' she demanded with ridiculously solemn emphasis. Mr. Howe was not at all positive that the circumstances demanded the gravity of the oath. He betrayed the weakness of his former position, by an apparent reluctance to commit perjury. 'Reckon not,' she decided. 'But will ye just naturally give it to me—anyhow?' disclosing an entreating circle of pearls that was not to be resisted. Something in the swooning fringes of those weeping lashes, the dewy freshness of the red lips, suggested to the young man the idea of compensation. I say suggested it. The gentleman had at one time been a law- student; he had then been, for the time being, inclined to doubt the material exist- ence of compensation. However, he still recognised it ideally. I submit, too, that it seemed really an age since he had enjoyed the osculatory privileges of female society. Actuated by a realizing sense of this fact, he made bold to declare his fell design. 'I do not mind bestowing it upon one condition.' 'How ?' He started. His ear was so sensitive to the sound of his own name. 'Well?'—with some mischief. 'What did ye jest get to say?' 'I said you could have the owl on one consideration.' 'Wot's thet?' 'A kiss'—very grimly, as if inviting her to a law suit. The girl retreated with feminine shyness; her hands, with difficulty asserting them- selves from ths long sleeves, made haste to cover her presumably coveted mouth, as if in anticipation of more practical advances. 'No! Thank ye!' she replied, with awk- ward politeness. 'I don't go much on makin' free with perfect strangers. Ye may keep yer ornery owl,' she added. Howe had just reached the same con- clusion; he was provokingly ironical in re- ference to her second sentence. Howbeit, he experienced that enchantment which dis- tance is said to lend to unattainable ob- jects. Notwithstanding her recent disparaging comment, the girl still regarded the owl with inconsistent longing. Howe confined his attention to a perusal of rustic attractions. 'Who are ye and where ye goin'?' she finally demanded with charming direct ness. 'My name's Howe, and I'm on the road,' he replied, vaguely, exhibiting that Northern privacy in personal matters unsympathised with by the Southern temperament. 'Hop ye'll git thar,' she responded cheer- fully. The gentleman thanked her for her good wishes with an amused sarcasm, which was lost on the recipient. 'Wot's the name o' yer pony ?' she said, returning to the charge. It happened that Mr. Faye Howe was trembling on the verge of a sneeze. He was aware of the Greek augury. He thought he would sacrifice his politeness as a gallant to his classic superstition. Besides, he was in Texas. If his border life had inculcated in the gentleman a certain discretion which made him exclusively addicted to indulging his forcible rhetoric in the privacy of his own company, its influence upon his code of social etiquette was apparently not so salu- tary. He permitted himself the rude privi- lege, and did not find it necessary to apolo- gise, but he attempted to say 'Oscar' at the same moment. 'Hoss car!' she exclaimed, with scorn. ''Pears to me ye ain't naturally got much taste. Why didn't ye call him 'Sittin' Bull' or 'Standin' Buf'lo?' 'Pears to me men ain't worth the flippin' a pecan a-namin' things. There's Rube Smart's got two lovely mustangs he calls 'Snipe' and 'Bunch' as ef he reckoned one was a bird and t'other a boil.' The girl regarded him with unqalified con- tempt, and seemed surprised that he did not wither beneath it! but he remarked very calmly: 'I presume you would have called my horse 'Pansy' or 'Daisy''—this, in mali- cious irony of feminine christening. An imperfect education in the repartee of the border was not without assisting her in braving the deductions of Mr. Howe's logic. She eyed the mustang coolly and critically with the air of a haughty connoisseur. I must admit with grief for his aesthetic title, that his coat was somewhat sun-cured and weather- beaten, and, moreover, quite guilt- less of grooming. 'No!' she said, 'pardner, I skursley reckon I cud. 'Pears as I'd call him 'Quid' or 'Terbacker.'' Faye Howe lost his gravity at this sally, and the young lady's scorn thawed a trifle at the recognized compliment to her humour. 'Tell ye what I reckon I'll do,' she finally said. 'What?' with exaggerated expectancy. 'I'll play ye fer thet thar critter,' indicat- ing the owl with a disparaging wave of the hand. 'What will you put up against, it?' in- quired Howe, with well-feigned caution, though heartily amused. The girl hesitated, glanced again at the owl, sighed, and immediately decided. 'My six-shooter,' drawing the formidable weapon. 'Done!' with a violent air of business. 'What shall it be?' 'Poker,' she said, with an easy familiarity, producing a woe-begone pack of cards from the side-pocket of her coat. The owl and revolver were placed side by side, subject to the dictum of chance. The cards were cut and dealt in grave silence. The girl's cheeks flushed, and her eyes gleamed with excitement. 'Two cards,' she said with gratifying per- functoriness. Mr. Howe expressed himself as satisfied with his hand. She scowled. 'Two pair-aces up!' said Howe. 'Full hand!' she shouted, triumphantly appropriating the spoils. The gentleman acquiesced with an extrava- gant sigh of regret. Then he took the initiative in questioning. 'I suppose you can handle this?' he said taking up the revolver, an old- fashioned, muzzle-loading Colt's 'six-shooter.' 'Right smart!' she said, without looking up; she had become absorbed in lavish caresses of the recently acquired owl. 'Let me see you shoot,' Howe requested, handing it over. The girl accepted the weapon mechanically and looked round for a mark. She espied an empty tomato-can, probably discarded by some travelling teamster. She pointed it out to Howe. 'Watch!' she quietly remarked, raising the heavy weapon calculatingly in both her small hands. Howe did watch with amused interest. The startling report of the heavy arm followed, and, as the smoke drifted to one side, the can was seen to have changed its position with visible damage. Mr. Fay Howe was correspondingly awed and appreciative. 'Bravo! Where did you learn to shoot!' he exclaimed approvingly. 'Oh! Pop and me practices reg'lar 'bout the ranch.' 'The ranch?' Where's that?' ' 'Bout a mile north o' here,' she replied indicating the line by jerking the thumb of her right hand over her shoulder, while she still caressed her lugubrious pet with her left. 'Who lives there?' 'Me and Pop.' 'Who's me?' 'Do you mean—what's my name. Howe nodded. 'Penelope Natchez,' she answered. 'What does your father do?' 'What — does — he — do?' with round, amazed eyes. 'Where ye bin, stranger? Guess you're a 'tender-foot.'' 'We're in equal 'fix,' sweetness,' respon- ded the collegian, apostrophizing the little bare and thorn-scratched feet. The girl looked at him embarrassedly, and said in an instant, 'Thet's plum a-plenty o' thet.' Mr. Howe made a mental note to avoid comparisons in the future. 'Well,' she resumed, after a silence, evidently protracted for its effect as a moral lesson,'if you're so powerful ignorant, my pop is land-agent and sheep-raiser for Concho County.' The gentleman reflected that she probably shared the peculiarities of a charming but inaccurate sex in matters of business. Concho County being as large as the State of Rhode Island, it was extremely unlike that 'pop' monopolised the sheep industry for that ex- tent of territory. Howbeit, he looked wise and said nothing. 'Thar's part of 'm,' she explained, point- ing out a small flock at a distance of several hundred yards. At times during the recent conversation, Howe had fancied he heard the bleating of sheep and lambs, but the sounds had come so faintly against the wind that he believed himself mistaken. 'Yer see,' she said, drawing nearer to him and becoming suddenly confidential, 'pop's went down to Eden this morning to a trial; he's a lawyer and has been county judge sure 'nuff. Bill Darcy's comin' up for shoot- in' a feller, an' they conldn't get 'long no-how without pop. I promised him I'd herd them sheep while he's away, because our herder's left. It's somethin' I don't generally do,' she concluded, apologetically. This lucid explanation was not without in- terest to Howe. It happened that he was in quest of this very same Judge Natchez in re- ference to a disputed land-title. In view of her recent charming confidences, he briefly developed these facts to Miss Penelope. "Reckon ye'd better stop at the ranch to- night,' she said, when he had finished; 'pop'll be back by sun-down. Ye can lunch with me under thet live oak, ef ye care to— over yonder,' pointing to a tree rather larger in its general outline than the prevailing type of that dwarf caricature of an apple-tree. It was distant about a hundred yards. 'But my sheep's strayin'! Throw 'em in, Flo!' she screamed to a 'black and white shepherd dog that now disclosed herself in their neighborhood, and had been doing double duty in her mistress's absence. 'Go—'round—'em!' gesticulating with a circular wave of the hand. The intelligent brute looked knowingly at her a moment, and then trotting off, made a wide detour to intercept the stragglers. But there was now a commotion among the loudly lamenting flock, and a disturbed bleating came distinctly to the ear. 'Does that 'hoss-car' o' yours buck, Mr Howe?' inquired Miss Penelope. The gentleman felt a certain pride in dis- claiming for his mustang that customary Texan characteristic. 'Reckon I'll hev to borrer him, then,' she said, loosing the tethered pony, springing into the saddle, and throwing her knee over the Mexican pommel; 'I'll meet ye over by thet tree.' And she rode away like the wind, with an Amazonian abandon quite in keeping with her general manner. Bidden thus to an Arcadian repast, and de- prived of his horse, there was nothing for Faye Howe to do but to follow her instruc- tions. He set out for the appointed rendez- vous, but being possessed of some curiosity to note the precision of her recent shot, turned first in the direction of the unfortunate can. Doubtless he proceeded with less than cus- tomary caution, for he was suddenly startled violently by a peculiar warning, very similar to the rapid, uncoiling of a broken clock- spring—a sound never forgotten by one who has heard it under dangerous circumstances. Bewildered by its muffled character, he sprang suddenly to one side, and stepped right upon an enormous rattlesnake. Almost identical in color with the 'curly mesquite' grass in its neighborhood, it lay coiled ready to spring. He shrank back with an exclamation of horror, but it was too late. The reptile darted forward, with a move- ment of its head like successive, rapid blows of a tack-hammer. With a sickening shudder the gentleman felt himself bitten on the little finger of his right hand. He staggered, ghastly pale, to the live oak—distant but a few yards—and fell, rather than sat down, beneath its shade. He was faint with, agony. Cold beads of perspira- tion—like a death damp—started upon his forehead. A foot-fall struck his ear; he raised his head in a blind, dazed fashion. The girl was already returning holding the owl. 'Wot's up?' she queried, her quick eyes noting the feebleness of his attitude. 'Bitten!' he gasped, trying to smile in the presence of the weaker sex—presumably. It was a ghastly failure—that smile. The girl became a heroine with Columbine suddenness. The owl, projected from his airy perch, described a bewildered parabola. She was kneeling beside him. 'Quick! strip up yer' shirt-sleeve!' she cried, tearing the band from her heavy hat. She wrapped the leathern thong about his muscular fore-arm, and slipping the straps in the buckles, applied this rude tourniquet with an excited, nervous strength that made him wince. She produced a small pistol flask and some matches, 'Show me,' she said, imperatively. Mr. Faye Howe obeyed. His little finger, his wrist—his whole hand and fore- arm, up to the leathern bandage, were so swollen they might have done justice to Goliath of Gath. Dropping to a sitting posture, she de- posited her sombrero in her lap, and grasp- ing his wrist firmly, she laid the hand upon the thick felt. Have you ever seen a woman fumble and flounder with a powder flask? The Texan heroine deposited two charges upon the bite as deftly as she handled her needle when she cared to. She struck a lucifer. Howe gave a gesture of disapproval. 'Grit your teeth,' she said, coolly. She dropped the match. A flash; a sizzling sputter; a puff of white smoke. Mr. Faye Howe yelled, of course. 'Thar,' she said, with a sigh of relief. 'I reckon that'll naturally fetch it.' After which exhibition of decision, feminine nerves betrayed themselves; she trembled violently and looked a little faint. However, she was spared the observance of this by her companion. He began to be taken with a convulsive shuddering. Sum- moning her courage again, the girl began to pull and tug at the pocket of her coat. She finally extricated a reluctant colossal flat bottle. It was despondently full. She un- corked it. 'Drink!' she said, simply; 'Scotch whisky! yer life depends on it!' Howe took a long pull at the flask. 'Don't stop she cried; 'there's heaps more! there's heaps more! I've got it hid at the ranch. Lucky I kep' this from pop last night, she soliloquised. 'I was afeared he was 'lowin' to get outside of this, so as to clear Darcy. 'It's most too pop'lar with pop. Reckon by this time,' she added, con- fidentially, as if to her bare feet, 'ther' wouldn't been nothin' in it but the smell, if he'd been bit. 'Pears he been bit reg'lar every evenin' lately.' Then she turned to Howe and said sternly. 'Why don't ye drink?' Thus adjured, Howe made a laudable effort to diminish the contents of the flask. Pene- lope watched him anxiously. 'Yer must drink it all,' she protested, 'and then'—— looking at him slyly, as if to note the impression made by her bibulous advice— 'and then—yer must begin on the dimmy- john. Stop yer take breath; throw yer head back; shut yer eyes and let her june; the objek is ter get the pizen drunk.' After which graphic medical treatise, she subsided with a solicitous gravity in her eloquent black eyes. The contents of the flask were seriously diminishing. Howe felt no exaltation from the liquor. It was the antagonism of the virus. 'Ye must get home,' Penelope said, in anxiety, 'Home?' said Howe, wonderingly. 'Yas—to the ranch.' She picked up the unfortuuate owl, which, from its apparent distress, had not even yet regained its wonted equanimity. 'Come,' she said, shaking the lethargic gentleman, 'tumble into yer saddle while there's time.' He mechanically obeyed her. She called to her dog to 'throw the sheep together.' Taking the lariat of the impassive Oscar, who had been an apparently aesthetic and stupid spectator of her previous efforts for his unfor- tunate master, she drove the bleating flock before her, and set out for the ranch. The nest-building of the Texan is not characterised by that air of luxurious refine- ment which once obtained among older Southern States. The humble dwelling of the ex-judge, land-agent, and sheep-farmer, I regret to say, was not an exception. Not- withstanding that wealth of ability which his varied pursuits might seem to imply, mechanical art interposed but an obscure and feeble shield between him and the inclemency of the weather. This may have been owing to a stoical indifference to climatic changes, but I am inclined to refer it to a certain care- lessness and implicit faith in nature, quite in keeping with the Texan temperament. The idea of carelessness was strengthened in the mind of the casual visitor by marked shiftlessness in material surround- ings, and by apparently impotent efforts to discard articles of departed utility. The surface of the bald prairie, which undulated like a beach of sand upon the borders of the ranch, exhibited the same disreputable curio- sities that are sometimes found on the shore of the sea. Tin cans, empty bottles, soleless boots, broken crockery, hats, shameless in their battered exterior—all in absurd attitudes of vagrancy—covered the desecrated face of virgin solitude. The forlorn emblems of ephemeral adornment were all persistently and uninterestingly masculine. It is with embarrassment that I admit, that there were other articles, unmistakeably feminine. The ranch itself had been rather inju- diciously built at the junction of two creeks, and on a very slight knoll in a small encir- cling clump of live oaks—their ever-green quality offering thus a feeble, but parennial shade. It was of adobe, and undoubtedly picturesque. Its capacity for comfort at cer- tain seasons was apparently beneath the at- tention of the owner. The roof from within afforded occasional astronomical opportunities and a pane of glass in the solitary window was rendered uselessly opaque by the inter- vention of an old felt hat. Howbeit, it was not altogether unprepossessing. It had once been the apartment of the ac- complished judge, but as the flight of time marked a growing maturity in Penelope, the legal gentleman had exhibited a chivalric courtesy in retiring to the less pretentious, but equally leaky, cover of a tent, pitched just outside. This, with enforced retreats at odd times to the kitchen—a long, low struc- ture, built of slabs, and graced with a small cooking-stove—formed the father's sleeping quarters, and comprised his somewhat sad attempt at housekeeping. The whole was en- circled by a slight rail-fence. The chivalric retirement of the judge from Miss Penelope's room, was, however, tem- pered by signs of his intermittent presence. A meagre array of the resources of Texan jurisprudence in the shape of three debili- tated law- books, covered with dust, and se- cured from perusal by over-topping feminine "gimcracks," was supplemented by an ample commentary, sanctioned by one Lynch, J.— to whom frontier ideas of exact justice ap- parently necessitated more assiduous refer- ence. Briefly, the wall in the neighbourhood of the scant law-library suggested an ar- senal. It was literally frescoed with muni- tions of war—shot guns, 'Winchesters,' car- bines, pistols, revolvers, and bowies, included in this suggestive display of the swift retri- bution that waits upon crime. It is not too much to say, that, with the exception of several articles of apparel, discreetly veiled by an overhanging strip of calico, they formed almost the only details of this modest at- tempt at house-furnishing. There was, however, one other prominent piece of fur- niture. A low bed, somewhat shaky in its underpinning, and exhibiting that peculiar sketchiness in make-up of which the interior and, in fact, the tout ensemble of this carica- ture of mechanical art prevailingly partook. Mr. Faye Howe was, at present, occupying it. A demijohn rested upon the floor. Pene- lope, tin-cup in hand, with a grim resolve in her pretty features, and a general atmos- phere of perfunctory dosing, was seated near him. It is only the grave exigency of his recent misfortune which constrains me to admit that the gentleman was, at present, hopelessly inebriated. At the interesting moment of his introduction, the laudable and unremitting attentions of Miss Natchez had captured him. Had Penleope been interested in drunken- ness as a purely psychical study, it is to be believed that, at successive stages, her ex- perimental efforts would have been amply rewarded. But she was eminently practical, and ignored details. Serene in the achieve- ment of her purpose, attendant symptoms were disregarded. The phenomena attribut- able to alcoholic excess are almost infinite. The ardent devotion of some temperaments when intoxicated is worthy of a higher inspiration. I think I am safe in saying that, whatever possibilities liquor may induce, Mr. Howe achieved them all. He had been hilarious, maudlin, affectionate, even endearing. He was now feebly inter- jectional and mildly incoherent. His natu- rally retentive memory, excited by his potions, constrained him at first to entertain Miss Natchez with a lengthy rehearsal of acknowledged vocal abilities. He sang solos, duets, trios—his intoxicating judg- ment even tempting him to grapple with a quarter. This proving a lamentable failure —especially as he evinced a disposition to carry all the parts at once—he relapsed into college-glees, and, eventually into a madly whirling drinking chorus. Awakening to a realising sense of his proximity to beauty, he exhausted the re- sources of sentiment and an unusually rich vocabulary upon the astonished maiden. He called her 'his flower,' 'his life,' 'his dream,' 'his brooding sweetness,' 'his ecstatic affinity.' He was evidently near the clouds at this point. He even instituted comparisons, and drawing from the bosom of his blouse the carte de risite of a most fashionably-dressed young lady, expressed his unhesitating pre- ference for the natural charms of his bizarec nurse. These vehement efforts were associa- ted with certain familiarities of gesture and caress, which Penelope repelled with com- mendable coyness, but with a manifest feeble- ness, prompted, no doubt, by her feminine consciousness of the fact that his critical discernment was sadly blunted by the fre- quency of his libations. In the end, worn out by his violent exertions, Mr. Faye Howe became helplessly comatose. Miss Penelope Natchez picked up the picture that had fallen from his nerveless fingers. She abandoned herself to a long and careful study of its attractions. Having concluded which, with the disparaging comment that she 'didn't go much on sich fine-haired and furbelowed gals as thet,' she heaved a deep sigh, and with a tender glance at the recumbent Howe, ruthlessly appropriated it. It was now night. 'Pop' had not come home. With some forebodings for her sire's present physical condition, she essayed to allay her filial anxiety by renewed efforts for the comfort of Howe. Now that he was en- tirely unconscious, she lavished a wealth of tenderness upon him; she lifted his head and deposited it in her lap; she passed her hands caressingly over the blonde beard, and softly smoothed his thin hair; she talked to him cooingly, in a sympathetic, pitying fashion, deprecating his misfortune, and sincerely grateful for her prompt presence. And then, as time flipped away into the small hours, and the moonlight—that mysterious foe of woman—filtered through the well-ventilated roof and fell upon her; and the mocking birds—those melodious extollers of Luna's demoralizing tendencies—beguiled her with their song, she grew suddenly lonely; her head drooped, her black mane touched his forehead, and she kissed him. And the half fledged but vigilant owlet, as if by this seal he recognised her now inalienable title to his chance-ownership, attested it by a soft 'Hoo- o-o! Hoo-o-o!' that sent the blood dancing over the girl's temples, as though a cloud of witnesses were conscious of her weakness. But Mr. Faye Howe dreamed that the fash- ionable lady watched over his sleep. [CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK.[ Many persons use the phrase 'in a trice' who have no conception of the meaning. A trice is the sixtieth part of a second of time. The hour is divided into sixty minutes, the minute into sixty seconds, and the second into sixty trices, or thirds—Spanish tris. Countrymen (to hotel clerk)—'I reckon you'll have to give me another room, mister.' Clerk—'What's the matter with the one you have?' Countryman — 'The sign says, 'Don't blow out the gas,' an', b'gosh, I can't sleep with all that light in the room.' 'I don't see why you should sneer at my engagement ring,' said the fair girl with a flush of indignation on her cheek, as she faced the belle of the opposition town; 'it's a great deal prettier than the one you wore three years ago, and haven't worn since!' 'No, dear.' replied her friend, with a cool, far-away, look in her voice; 'not prettier, but quite as pretty. It is the same ring.'— Puck. A little boy was told that the Rev. Mr. Groforth, the missionary to China, would be the only Christian minister in charge of a district having as many people as are in the whole of Canada. 'My!' he said, 'won't he have to holler.'—Toronto Globe. 