-5-mtttrjj ittfclligmtt. (From our own Correspondents.) Broken Hrtt, Mabch 12. This place is rapidly growing in popula tion, having now some 13,000 inhabitants, 89 against 9,000 Jess than two months ago. Houses are going up in all direction?, and laud is selling at n very high rate, as much as £4,500 being paid for a quarter ot an acre block in the main street, Argent street. Land within a mile of the post office is all taken up, and outside of that £25 to £40 i« looked upon as a low figure for space enough to erect the usual £10 shenty thereon. The residents are strongly agitat ing to have tbe main street metalled from the railway station to Iodide street a distance of fully a mile. As it is at present the dust is ankle deep, and as winter is approaching would be rather uncomfortable for pedestrian*, of which here are a great number on a Saturdav night ; in fact Argent street of a Saturday night is thronged with people. Nearly every other building is en hotel, and they all seem to do a good business, especially EUiott'a Hotel. Tfaisia where the share brokers congregate and kick up a jrreat noise from about 7 till 11 pjn., buying, ?lrllD#' »nd discussing respective claims. We have a market now conducted by Mr. G. Spong, formerly of Kensington, and it is a great boon to tbe inhabitants, who -w».u uw wen gei enougn vegetable pro dnce before without paying exhorbitant price for them. The placky promoter desrrve the thanks of the Barrier people for this, and I am glad to say that he is being well rewarded for hia enterprise. Fresh mines are being uncovered and floitad every day, some of which are nothing more or lesa than mere qua-nee. Of course these m« onnft »?- ™.«n tu , ? ts *™ '??' vein A.un brokers now have farmed a union, and will not have anything to do with a mine that has not been thoroughly prospected. This will do away with a lot of the ' wild cats.' Fights are quite the order of the day, and a couple of worda about a mine beiuj floated at times will be the mean* of a fight. A ring is then immediateiv formed, and a crowd of 100 or so, and sometimes two and three hundred tre round the pugilists, who, as a rule delight in it. The police are powerless te inter fere, aa there are only half a dozen here. They quietly watch the proceedings, and' at the close they pencil the names of the offenders if possible, and .aJine-of £2 or eo settles the disagreement. A great number «f men,, are ©at of employment, and it is no uncommon sight to see SO or 40 congregated in several Darts of tha tnwn T Ann*t -k:»v- ? i. ? eo ec-r e ?) it wn a couple of month? ago but the place iB overrushed. Of ourse there are the usual hangers on who dou't want to work, and how they live is a myetery. Scores sleep under the verandahs of « night, and it is quite a common occurrence to walk (or fac*} over a man sleeping in the dust late at night. The Broken Hill employs fuliy 1,000 men and is constantly advertising for com petent miners, for whom the'e ia a great demand. Carpenters, also, bare any amount of work. The postal arrangements are simply disgraceful, and very frequently a letter takes from a fortnight to a mouth to reach its owiur. The premises are not nearly large euougn, ana tne etatt sbould be doubled. Until this is done thiugs will «TW?*8^be ' mixed-' The New South VV alea Government don't appear to trouble tneaiselres about the matter. The Broken Hill Jockey Club have advertised a two days' meeting to be held on May 17 and 19. They have offered £800 in added money, £200 of which ia allotted to the Broken Hill Cup. They have a very pretty course and grand stand, ciiuumu aoouiaiwo miles from the town. Sports are to be beld on Saturday next, and good entries have been received. Several Adelaide aud o'her men well known in your part have entered, bat tbe hapdieappere have looked after them, and if they wish to win will have to travel very mach faster than in the Southern parts. Tbe scratch man in the Sheffield Handicap and Hurdles ain hnth *v«m around Adeleide, G. A. Bruca holding the pride of place in the swint raw, while Donnithorne is on the mark in the hurdles but neither h*ve the ghost of a show, although b.th have been backed verv heavily. There »re tare.) daily newspapers iu existeuce now. First the Argus appeared ; then the Banter Miner ; and this morning the Silver Age made its bow to the public. All seem to be well backed up, but the Argus is looked upon as the pick of the basket. The genera! opinion is that one of tae turte wiildid out ia a few weeke. A meeting of footballers was held on Saturday nigh', at Oacar Smith's Hotel, and a very strong club was formed, including several South Australian and Victoiiaii players. I bear it ia their inten tion to invite tbe English team up Lere when they arrive. Tenders for extending the railway into the townrfiip (about a mile) have been — ..wr.uu, Uuu num win ob tuariea in a week or so. Arthur Gordon, the well- known artist, is performing here to capital houses. A boxing match between Stewart, of Adelaide, and Morgan, of local fame, ia to take place to-morrow night. 