THE JEALOUS LOVER. Between our house and Farmer Raynor'a lay two green meadows. It was curious enough to look across them snd see the bright dark green of tbe gra9s in one, and the mellow yellow tints of the other. Tho first, too, was dotted all over with clover, pink and white, and only now and then a dande lion grew in the other. Between the meadows lay a clamp of trees and boshes, and an old-fashioned stile. When the moon was high, and a round silver shield in the dark night sky, I used to go down to that stile and sit upon it, looking toward the Raynor homestead. It was long and low, .with dormer windows on the roof. I*t by chance, I saw a light in the one I knew belonged to Eve Raynor's rooir, I thought my vigil well rewarded ; for I loved Eve Raynor as knights in old romance loved their ladies. You'd hardly believe, after that, that I had never touched her pretty hand, or said more than * good day ' as we passed on the road. Our families were not on visiting terms, and we never met that way. Any other young fellow, smitten as I was, would have managed to know her better somehow, but I made no effjrt to win my way to her liking. My own fault, then, say you? Well, perhaps you are right, but true love is always a little fearful of itself. Your flirt is bold enough, but when the heart is touched— presto 1 away flies confi dence and vanity, and you say to your self, 'There's no hing in me to like,' or ' She'll never look at me j what is the use of hoping ?' You never saw her ; and word3 can't tell you just what she is. Go out into the garden and find a lily among bads of dahlias and Q leen Margarets and flaunting poppies, and you'll know how she looked among other girls. Find a pearl among shreds of broken glass and pebbles, and you'll know what she seemed to me' in a crowd of other women. Once she dropped a red geranium out of her dark h. i.\ and I picked it up from the road by stealth, and felt half afraid to toach it — it seemed so holy. I put it between my Bible leaves when I went home — the most sacred place I could think of. It is there yet ; two red brown thre«dB and something that looks like a crisp bit of scorched paper. That was coming from church one Sun dfiv. The next, while I had the flower against ray bosom, and was sit ting where I could see the Raynors' pew, which w*s under the gallery where the school-children sat, a clumsy imp of a boy let fall his hymn-io k over the railing. I saw it drop, and then saw her sink forward, and was beside her and had her out in the air in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hurt, for the start, more than the pain, had made her faint. And then I would have left ; but church was out, and all going home, and the old people would have me take tea with them. They made a fuss about my kindness, too, a« though any brute could have done less when she dropped like a hurt deer. I went home to tea in tbe wagon, and I sat beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of- paradise. I wish I were a boy again, as foolish and as happy as I wa3 that nigtit. Well, the ice was broken, and with it, it seemed, an oM feud between my people and the R&yuors;, about a tri angular patch of ground, ' not big enongh to build on, and too sandy to plant ; and the old friendship sprang up again, and mother and Mra. Raynor took tea together, and chatted when hey met. Ail I thought of was tbe chance of seeing Eve the oftener, now that we were all on visiting terms, I did see her. In a month we were old friends. I did not dare think she liked me much ; but she chatted and laughed witb me, and blushed when I looked at her, as, good manners or not, I had to look eoraetitnes ; and though I was b.-own and burly, with great red farmer's hands and a voice to ma-ch ray size, sometimes I used to think I'd p'ant ray lily in my heart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon my bosom for life. You never would have guessed as I ploughed in the great field, or tossed the scented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poems tbat were in tny brain, under my shook of yellow hair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and none ever Ray of their ladv-loyes half what I thought about Eve Raynor when I was busy at jhe humbieBt work. inmL ?- ? ^ 1 heard a strum of music oner* thotagh, that said it all without a single Word, or it seemed so ; for I Btoori listening to it with her band crashed tight in mine in the Bbadow. There was some great man or other at the botel, and they, were serenading him. And I felt throngh her palm, her heart beat like some wild thing, Aline stood will. We walked away after it was done, ^nd I said when all were out of hearing: ??Eve Raynor, if you ever 'cease to Jove me, t shall die V and bent down to took into her eyes in the moonlight, and fonnd them wet with tears. I used to think no one else ever loved is I did ; I know no one loved more. One night, as I was going home (prayers were fiaid at ten at the Kaysors', arid every one expected to leave at once), I met hnlf way upon the road, which I had taken because the long spring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a yonbg man with a portmanteau in his hand, looking ?boat him with a puzzled sort of way, as though he scareelv knew which path to take. He was, f could see in the moonlight, very handsome and dreBsed in a style not common in our country place. 'There was a flash of gold at bis fob, and a glimmer of precious stones tm his ungloved hand, and as I came Hearer, a faint perfume, such as some girls I knew brought into church with them on their handkerchiefs. He was % oig t How, too, despite all these delicate daintinesses of toilet, and his voice was clear end musical, but a thorough man's voice, when he spoke to me. 'Can you tell me the way to the Ha} nor farmhouse, sir ? It should be -somewhat close at hand, if my memory serves me/ * Straight on,' I said ; ' the first house you come to on the right ; you can't mistake it.' 'Thauk you,' said be. * It's only fair to tell you, however,' 'dud I, * that they are all in bed by this time.' He laughed. * I had forgotten country ways,' said be. * However, if my uncle won't let tee in, I'll sleep on the porch until morning. There used to be a famous porch, with an old bench on it long enough to repose a giant*' ?It isn't — it can't be little Ned XVare V cried I, ' Not little V said he ; ' not Uille acy ?longer, but Ned Ware still. And you ?' I 1 am Theodore Brest !' 1 We shook hand then. Years before ?= — two barefooted countty boys — who h«d played in the woods together — friends, as boys will be deopite all family fftHs. He was Farmer Baynor's nephew, and thad, I remember, inherited some property, and been sent (o a boarding ?school. I ?eould scarcely believe that time had altered him so — time and education, and association with polished men. I went back with him to the Raynors', ?and raw old s'eepy Hepsiba admit him. Then I went home, and all that night dreamed strange, wild, jealous dreams *of exquisite youths, more perfect than mortal man cr-u!d be, who won Eve Kaynor from mp. Ah, me ! jeaously is an ill weed — Jonce planted tbere's no end to it. The dreams came from a thought or two I had hardly been conscious of ; and the thoughts remained when «he dreams were over. He was her only cousin ; but why should she be forever walking with him, talking to him, Biniiing on him ? 'Why should he sit beside her in church, holding her book f»r her and singing with her ? Why should he look npon 'me as a stranger and monopolize her, or endeavour to when I came, an I had so good aright to do, to spend my 'evenings at the farmhouse ? Had she told him ? Had any of them fold him of 'our engngemeu' ? I doubted it. And he would be there the summer thfWgb.. It seemed to me I could not tear it. I had been so happy since Eve promised to be mine ; now I was wretched. I grew moody, and sat silent in her presence, while fate talked in his 'own pleasant, brilliant way, making the 'contrast so much greater than it need fcave been. At last I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that — to make htr suffer something of wy pain. I bore the absence from her one Sunday to the next. Then, in the twilight hush of the June evening I took my way p cross the meadow. The Sabbath silence was on every thing. The far-off chiming of a church bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. The scent of primroses filled the air, and the doves in the cote behind the house murmured ?musically. I opened the gate, and entered. Be side the gate was a little rustic arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines. The moon lit t.l»i« place as she arose, and, looking into it, I saw two pictures. The firnt — Eve Raynor standing, a ?white ntatue, in her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The second — Eve Raynor caught to Ned Wflre'R heart with a wild, passionate ?cry of * My lovel my life ! ' Ere he unclasped his arms, I stood before them. I called her hv n bitrer name. I flung at her feet the ring she had given me in exchange for mine. I «aid, I scarce knew what, in my frenzy, and strode away, leaving them durcb and TOOtionlewf. Half way over the meadow I I egan to understand what had befallen me — as we understand great woes at last — and tfeU upon the long, damp grass as though I had been shot. Long past midnight I crept into my 'bedroom window, mid began to pack a few things in my carpet bag — linen, and a second coit ; the stockings knit by my ?o'd mother's hands; the little bible she hnd given m°. and tny slender stock of raonev. Th-Hit on a ssrap of paper, 1 wrotf. this note and slipped if under my ipiliovr : Den Moth»-h— Don*' think Iwdofai*— .'do u»t tbink I a- d«i ?§?«»?- yon Y»» are the 'OBtf being 1 now iuve iu ibe wurJd ; tut 1 cannot stav at Elms — I cannot breathe its air. Ere Raynor has jilted ma, and I sfcoald eo mad were I to see her daily with her lover, as I must if I remain. . . I shall take to seafaring life, I tbink: and if I ever find mybelf better of my hurt, I shall come back to yon again. I don't hope it, ibi.ugb. It is too deep and sore. God bless yon, and goodbye. Your loving son, Theodore Eeebt. Thpn I 'clambered out of the window » and before I took the highroad to the car depot, went to the dear old style to take the last look at Eve's home, over whose threshold, in all human proba bility, I should never pass again. White as a ghost the moon scudded through gathering clouds, while in her light lay the farm house, with its slop ing roof and dormer windows beyond the yellow field ; against the back ground of moonlit wall rose the clumps of currant bushes, and the curved outline of that rustic arbor. About me rose dark elms, and dank, thick grass. Only the step of the style was silver-lit amid the shadows. That and the upper ridges of the bar, and one knot of a dead elm tree. I took it all off upon my heart. I said : ' Heaven forgive her ! He can never love her as I do 1' and then I strode away towards the station. It was two good miles away, but the early train had not yet arrived when I reached the plac9. I sat down in the waiting room ; but for shame I could have wept like a woman. [ heard the ringing of a bell—- the scream of a whistle. The train was coming. There was a chattering with out about sundry trunks belonging to two old women who had just come up in a wagon, and the door of the waiting* room was flung open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, it was Ned Ware. He was as pale as living man could be. Dispite his triumph, he looked wretched. He paced the floor for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. For the first time in my life I wanted to kill a thing God made. May He forgive me for it ! We looked at each other in dead silence. Ned broke it. 4 Where are you going ?' he said. * What is that to you? You insult me by speaking to me. You have robbed me — let that suffice. It is dangerous to speak to me just now. For Eve's sake I warn you to leave me.' * So / have robbed you ? he said, with a sneer. * Yes. You know she was mine. I warn you again. Go, ' He folded his arms and looked at me. 4 1 am going,' he Baid. ' The bad within me is struggling to make me go in silence. The good eays speak. I'll try to obey the good, little as there is of it. You are half mad, Theodore Brest. You have seen and heard with a jealous man's eves and ears. You are not robbed. I wish you were. I don't deny it. But Eve Raynor is yours — not mine,' ' I saw her in your arms,' said I. He laughed a bitter laugh. ( Listen,' be said. * I have only a moment ; for I do not wish to be left at Elms, and the train is coming. You gave me a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I loved her also. I did my best. Last night I ventured all, and losr. She told me you were her betrothed husband, and that she cared nothing for me.' Down the road came the shrieking train ; the bell was clanging. He caught up his portmanteau. * I clasped her to my heart,' be went on. * It was a mad thing to do ; but it was an adieu, and againBt her will. Madman ! go back and beg her pardon for the words you said ! If ehe forgives you, I would give a kingdom to take your place. A kingdom ? Bah 1 the world I' * All aboard !' yelled a voice at the door. * You beliece me ?' he asked. * God bless you — God reward you !' I gasped. But he wbb gone ere I could clasp hiB hand. I never forgot him, but I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in the dawning of the day. I tore the note which I had written in fragments. I knelt down and prayed as I had not prayed since I was a little child, and in the early morning I sought Eve Raynor. She forgave me. She pitied and understood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as of yore, and ere the sum mer waned, she was my wife. We are old people now, and children tall and strong gather about our hearth at eventide ; and the eldest of them all, the tall youth yonder, with his mother's velvet eyes, is named Edward Ware. So we christened him in memory of that noble rival who, in bis own great grief, had mercy upon mine. 