EXTRAORDINARY MURDER AT TDNBRIDGE WELLS. APPALLING STORY OF YOUTHFUL DEPRAVITY. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 19, 1888. On the evening of the 20th July last Mr. Lawrence, chief engineer at the Baltic Sawmills, Tunbrldge Wells, was called out of his house by two men, who told him he was wanted at the office. The poor man left his wife and family. By and-bye a shot was heard, and a short time after the body of the murdered engineer was found in the road. He had been shot through the head at close quarters. The mystery was a very painful one, as Mr. Lawrence was universally respected and had no enemies. Suspicion naturally fell on the workmen at the sawmills, and several were shadowed, but without result. Time passed, and though the police had valuable clues (which one can now see would have led direct to the murderers had they not disregarded them) nothing could be discovered. The first gleam of light came on Friday even irg last. It was then rumored in Tan bridge that two lads named Gower and Dobell, aged respectively 17 and 18, had confessed the crime to a local leader of the Salvation Army, and were even now In custody. At first very few credited the story. The two boys, their friends said, were always reading ' penny dreadfuls,' and had hoaxed the police for the sake of notoriety. Later, however, the circum stantial character of their confession began to impress people in spite of them selves, and there can now be no doubt whatever the pair are the long looked for murderefs. Gower, it seems, had a grudge against Mr. Lawrence for keeping him late on one or tiro occasions and calling him 'soft-headed.' Dobell did not work at the sawmills, and had nothing against the engineer, but he waB Gower's pal, and 'true as Bteel' (to quote that wretched youth). Gower's enterprises were Dobell's and Dobell's Gower's. Consequently when the last-named amiable youth, after read Ing In the 'Young Gentlemen of Gre&t; Britain,' or Bome such periodical, how the gallant young ' Pirate Dick' dis poeed of a hated oppressor, proposed to shoot the tyrant Lawrence, Dobell cor dially agreed to assist him. The crime seems to have been committed perfectly casually, in fact, as will be seen below, It was only one of a series. The pair tossed np which should ' pot the old man,' and ' the job' fell to young Dobell. Oa Sep tember 27 Dobell, meeting a boy in the street, asked him to take the following letter to the editor of the local paper : — Sir — Two months haying now passed, I ven ture to ask jou to be kind enough to allow me a small space in your valuable paper for a few facts concerning the death of the late Mr. Lawrence. In the first place I beg to state that the evidence given at the inquest and afterwards has been utterly false, with the exception of the two lads ia the timber-yard. I beg to correct that wrong statement Mrs. Lawrence gave. I, the murderer, did not sunsmorjB him from his house' at all, as he was outside the back door when I first spake to him, and my impression was to have shot him on the spot. Lawrence was very talkative when he was out of ' doors, little thinking of tbe death he had so shortly got to die.. The last words lie BppTre WhiFe la my com pany was when he oiught sight of the pistol' sticking out of my pocket. He Baid ' What do you cany them tilings about with yon for 1' My answer was ' To shoot down doge and cars like : you !' Lawrence said 'What, would you shoot » — — ' Bang ! And Tnnbridge Wells, was startled by another mystery which is never likely to be found out. I might here state tliat the key vhich was fournl is likely to lead to no cine whatever, is that is as much a mystery {C me as the murder i; to you. I also wish to threaten Jtr. Edwards if ii? baa any more to say concerning' Sir. Martin, w2?o ib as innocent of the crime as he is.— I remain, yoi«a truly, Another Wiiitechapei. MckdSEEE. There was a postscript which stated that another letter giving the whole of the particulars from beginning to end would follow shortly. This letter was duly shown to the police, who, however, neg lected to follow it up on the groand that they were &ure; it was a hoax. On October 9fchDobell jocularly confessed his crime to & brother workman, who merely laughed and declined to believe such bunkum. At this time the tvro 'mates' were at tending the Salvation Army meetings at Tunbridge Wells — for what purpose is open to some suspicion, as one of them has since confessed that one night he went there ' armed to the teeth, and on the lookout for someone.' On October 11th, says a local correspondent of the Daily News, both Gower and Dobell were at a Salvation Army meeting led by Mr. CotterilL This gentleman dis coursed upon ' Victories woat and what they cost,' and he noticed at the peniten tial table after the address that Gower seemed to have something on his mind. Next morciog early the young man called at Mr. Cotterili's honse, and waB acsosted with ' Good morning. Did yon get vic tory last night?' Gower answered, ' No ; I didn't get saved ; ' but added 'I believe my mate gat saved last night.' More conver sation ensued, and Mr. Cotterill told Oower he suspected he had something on his mind, and urged that if he had he must confess before God would save him. The youth hesitated awhile, but at length said there had been nothing, bad done in Tunbridge 'Wells for some time that he and his mate had not been at the bottom of ; that they were two bad ; characters ; that they were at the bottom of tbe Saw Mills mnrder. In response j to Mr. Cotterili's expression of surprise Gower continued, ' Me and my mate did it ; we toseed np as to who should do it.' Asked why it was done, he said it was oat | of spite to Lawrence, who had stopped his ' time ; aaked how it was done, he said, 'One of us fetched him out, told him j he was wanted, and when the j road was clear my mate shot him.' : In the course of further talk Gower j explained that he and Dobell were ' sometimes sorry for what they had done, but sometimes felt that if Lawrence were to rise again they would do just the same. ' He declined Mr. Cotterill's invitation to : confess to the police, bnt gave him per mission to tell his wife on condition that he told no one else. Mr. Cotterill ' asked Gower to come again, and the young man went to his work. The Salvation Army officer then, with a promptitude and completeness which gained for him a public compliment from the magistrates, communicated with the army officers in London, with the result that In the after noon he accompanied Mr. Superintendent ' Emery to the saw mills. The arrest was effected by the superintendent, to whom ' Gower, in a nonchalant manner, admitted the charge, and said — Yes, it was perfectly tine that they tossed as to who should shoot, and the lot fell to Dobeil. The manager of the mil la, who was standing by, remarked, 'But Dobell never worked for us. What grudge could he have against Lawrence ?' ' Oh,' airily chimed In Gower, 'he's a friend of mine, and as true as steel.' A moment later he said with a toss of his head, and with a tone of Indifference, 'Lawrance was always calling me-soft. headed.' Gower told the superintendent how and where- to find the revolver and cartridges, and gave hi an other incriminating information. When the superintendent came out of the mills with bis prisoner the latter shook hands with Mr. Cotterill and said, 'Well, cap tain, I thought yon would have waited till to-nighfc.' Mr. Cotterill answered thab he had to act under orders from his supe rior officer, and showed him the telegram received ordering him to go to the police at once. 3Ieanwhile a detective had arrested DobeJl at his home. A letter had been received by him during the day from Gower In the following terms : — 'My Dear Mate.— The Holy Ghost entered your heart last night. God only knows I wish it had mine. There seems to be something I conldnot give up. I went to the captain this morning and confessed all to him. He wants to ete us both to- night: eo please to come down to my home to night at G o'clock instead of 5.S0. The lodge wilt be unlocked, so you can come in. Don't be later than 6 o'clock. I have not said anything to my mother yet. — Your Mate.' Dobell admitted to the police that he was the actual murderer, and explained that the threat in the published letter re ferred to a man who had given evidenoe at a trial against some acquaintance. The prisoners were committed for trial on the charge of wilful murder, but a new sur prise was in store when they ca.me up for the signing of depositions. During the night of Monday the pri soners in their cells freely, and in the boldest manner, made confession of a string of crimes. Last year they set fire to three empty houses, one each for October, November, and December : they fired several fagot and hay stacks ;' they broke into a house and stole some cage birds, leaving a dagger stick behind them, which Dobell ia the most larkish manner informed Mr. Sa perintendent Emery was his property. They eet fire to the firs on the common, time after time, and they lay in wait to take the life of a former comrade, named Langridge. To use their own expression, they intended to ' pop him off.' Three times In succession they were foiled. A letter, on the first occasion, was sent as If from a young woman of his acquaintance, making an appointment. Langridge went to the place mentioned and cooled Ms' heels for twenty minutes, watched by Gower and Dobell, in ambush. Gower at length came ont and said that the girl had' gone on to her sisters ; should they walk together? The intention was to murder Langridge at a certain ^ap from which Dobell was to spring, but the gap happened to be Btopped np, and Dobell, in retreating from it, happened to tun into a policeman. The engagement accordingly fell through. On a second occasion Langridge escaped by refusing to accompany Dobell down a dark lane, and a third merciful interposition was brought about by Langridge 'a mother keeping back a false letter by which he was to be decoyed into a lonely bye- way. This youth Langridge was once a comrade, bat. the friendship cooled ; and the cold blooded pair who remained constant, doubting his discretion in the matter of secrets, resolved to ' pop him off.' Any hopes that were entertained early, in the week as to the penitence or remorse of these desperate youths were dispelled by their demeanor in. court. At the very commencement of the proceedings they were reproved for turning their, backs npon the magistrates and staring, jauntily about the court Dobell defiantly and angrily denied that they tossed np as to who should nre the first shot, and both Gower and Dobell snowed an absolute indifference about the grave posi tion in which .they stood. After they were committed for trial. they sang,, jelled, whistled, and laughed in the cells, and the last thing seen of them at the Tonbridge Railway Junction was Dobell In blackguardly language threaten ing (when he comes out) to 'vdo for'; some person whom he recognised ia the crowd. The young men have since their arrest created the worst impression by their reckless, defiant, and hardened de mean or. It is said that a large number of , the vicions publications by -.fFhidiV $li£; minds of lads of the working d*wj?r4Br^ are .. poisoned -Jw»» bo-Bi,~funtBt ^^the; ' ' homes of Gower and Dobell. * 