\- j . , DAVID TODD. a ? ? ? I hare returned to Baltimore after an absence of twenty years, and on tliis first evening in my old home am thinking of a distant kinsman who has long been dead. So insistent is the memory that as I stood a moment since looking out into the rainy dusk, it almost seemed as if he too must coon be among the men who are passing flirnn rrl* tlio fora rwl uni) crm&n; lin-lif (Streaming from the apothecary's window opposite. He was a tall, somber person whom tlie negroes held in awe as one likely to prac tice black arts on those who aroused his math. I used often to listen to the talk of a rheumatic old negress, with fingers as knotted and twisted as roots, who believed herself to have been 'cunjured' by him. As he stalked past lier door, where she was In the habit of sunning herself, she would shrink together until she seemed scarcely more than a bundle of rags, then gradu ally uncurling herself as his footsteps died away in the distance, would sit chat tering with anger, muttering tlie curses she had not dared to let him hear, long after he was out of sight. Yet I believe David Todd never knew of her existence; tor he went his way among his fellows, lost in baffled, groping thought, as if none of them had enough affinity for him to draw Us eyes outward from the thoughts tlmt held him. He was of a good Quaker family and for -years filled the chair of natural his tory in the college of X. At length, how ever, 'there began to be queer rumors con cerning^him. It was said that he fancied he had discovered the origin of life, and bending over his crucibles attempted tlie role of Creator. But whatever town talk might invent concerning him, no one really knew much about his affairs; for he had'always been a taciturn man, and now developed an irascible, suspicious man ner toward his old associates that led them to avoid.him; and before long he himself plunged into a preoccupation that seemed to blot ont from his mind all consciousness of his neighbors. His work, whatever it might be, hound him, it was said, to unremitting toil; but ; as time went on without the result of his labors appearing, the world which he had forgotten in turn forgot him — or nearly so. jThe negroes, who had probably origi nally-gathered the idea of something mys terious about him from the gossip of their masters, stall talked of the light always to be seen burning until early morning in the attic. of his house; a light which they said proceeded from a candle madeof dead men's fit and caused whoever looked long to fall asleep. 'Mabs Todd an' de debble ? aint got no call to hab folks foolin' 'bout fcer seewat dey's at,' they explained; and this, idea of his crooked ways was carefully strengthened by an old auiity . who Jived under his roof, and who was ' pot a little proud of the league her master was understood to have with the jeviiuue, uiLiiuugu sue weeiiiy buuncu me working of divine grace in herself by jumping and shouting in 'meetin',', and moreover, had been immersed in order that she might be quite sure that no taint of original sin adhered to her. ? She possessed considerable skill in herbs and was to boot a shrewd old body, quick to use hsr master's supposed powers as a means of increasing her reputation for lenowingness. But in spite of the liber ties she took with liis name, no one at bot tom believed more in his arts than Aunt Kitty. His gloomy, abstracted ways awed her; and although nothing extraor dinary ever happened in the house, her imagination, like an orchid, seemed to find enough in the air to keep it flourishing. The one other inmate of the house gave no such play to her fancy. David Todd's sister, Sachet, was a slight, timid and rather deal little woman, whom indoor life had made pile, and her occupations were perfectly simple and evident Setting neat stitches seemed to be the form duty had | taken to her, and tending a few window | plants and reading her Bible and Hilton's Paradise Lost made the sum of her pleas ure. Poor Rachel — she had been the last child born in the house, and it had been her lot to see the gradual disintegration of the family, and to stand at hist in silent , rooms where laughter on her lips would have seemed ghostly to her, even if the years, which had taken so much away from her, had not at last stripped her (if her original small stock of buoyancy. Ziiving in the dim rooms she had grown almost as quiescent as the moths that, now and then finding their way into the house from the masses of Virginia creeper about, the windows, lay motionless at the bottom oi the panes. Five years before the date of our story she had been thrown into the great est flutter of her life by having an orphan niece placed under her charge until the rigors of a New England winter should be past. The vis itor was a radiant girl with golden brown eyes and a bright yellow hair, in whose soft masses an amber comb often shone. Rachel hovered about lier in an ecstasy of admiration, and was the most submissive elder that ever a wayward girl undertook to manage; aud indeed, not only she and the willful Aunt Kitty came under Ethel's sway, but even David lost some of his in attention to what was going on in tlie house and showed a grim pleasure in the girl's coaxing ways. The cheerful days went by so quickly that it seemed to Rachel as if there had never been a year when the dandelions came so soon; and before any of the three older people were willing to think of Ethel's departure she began to talk blithely of her return north. She was so happy iu the thought of her approaching marriage that she left them almost without a paug. But some years later, when the world had taken on a. sad- der hue to her, she thought of them oft™. And when she felt her hold on lifeslipping from her erasp, the memory of Rachcl's past tenderness gave her conrn/re to write to her asking her love for a liule Ethel, not quite 2 years old, in case of her own death; for five years of married life had left Ethel worse than widowed. Thus it happened one stormy November evening that Rachel watc-hoil for her brother's return from a journey he bad made to Boston to bring home a little guest; and she looked again aud again at the photograph of the pretty child, stand ing on the mantel, telling herself that it was just- Ethel over again. For many months past David had been more preoccupied than ever, lie was l.o longer seen abroad, and even Kac-hJ ate her meals alone and never saw his gaunt form exc it when, hunger reminding Mm of his long fast, l:o descended from his laboratory to Aunt Kitty's domain. But when Rachcl, letter in hand, went up to his work ronni to tell him of Ethel's death he had been much moved, and had said at once that ho would go to Boston for her child. Rachel would have liked to accompany him, but was too little in the habit oE in serting herself to insist on lier timidly ex pressed desire. She therefore contented herself as best she could during his ab sence by making preparations fur the child's reception. With the aid of Ai:::v Kitty, she brought front the attic acradle, which had once been her own, and dust ing it free of cobwebs, provided it with bedding with her own deft fingers. A s a spinster, she also willingly lent a humble attention to a course of lectures 0:1 baby culture, undergoing considerable brow beating from old Kitty, who had raised a numerous progeny in her day aud was not at all inclined to forego such an oppor tunity of airing her stock of musty re ceipts. Rachel accepted her hectoring as the probable accompaniment of superior knowledge, and meekly anxious to profit by her sage counsels, went for peppermint to the corner drugstore, where she was -in turn patronized by the clerk — a friendly young fellow, whose upper lip looked as if he had bitten iu 1 0 a deep slice of pumpkin pic. lie was so knowing about a baby's stomach the possible teeth, and talked so glibl- about the ills threatening infantile exist ence, that Rachel would have been greatly alarmed if he had not always ended by put ting into her hand some infallible remedy for the evil upon which he expatiated; so that she began to see that it was all a matter of being initiated, and went home With her arms full of patent medicine to spend tlie last afternoon of her brother's absence in reading glowing testimonial;-, never for a moment suspecting that the names of patrons and physicians were fictitious. Indeed, with ihe medical pro fession thus at her back, she received wii !- no little dignity Auut Kitty's slighting opinion of her purchases. As it grew dark, however, she became too restless to keep to any employment, and spent her time vibrating between the window and fireplace — being driven from the window by a fidgety care of her ail ments, and from the fire back to the win dow again by the fear that her deafness would prevent her from knowing of the arrival of the carriage. As she was thus standing by tlie win dow, Auut Kitty made her appearance, carrying a saucepan of porridge as an ex cuse for her iutrusion. She stopped short iu the doorway, evidently surprised to find her mistress alone. Hastening to 1,™ cl.o /.olU in 1,™ 1IA1J ? whar de baby?' 'They have not comtfyet,' said Rachel. 'Mahs Dave 's hyar!' cried the old woman, and seizing Rachel by the arm she drew her to a window looking ont on the side garden, where a light-, evidently from the laboratory at the top of the house, was shining on the snow. ' Rachel looked helplessly at her com- j paniou. j 'Missy,' said the old woman, 'fo' de Lor\ I is gwine up dar!' and she started for the door, perhaps not a little strength ened in her determination by seeing that Rachel followed her. She climbed the stairs, slapping her big : feet down with less noise than was her wont, swaying from side to side until her ' hands touched the walls, and muttering below her breath: 'Ole dog, ole black j dog!'— whether of her master or of the j devil, who was supposed to be his ally, she did not make clear. As her turbaned head came above the level of the upper landing she looked in through the open door of the laboratory. Of a sudden she squatted, and, seizing Rachel's skirts, gasped in a whisper: 'Fo' de Lor' sake, chile, keep still!' But curiosity was as strong as fear, and she crept up a couple of steps tliat she might, in her crouching position, command a view of tlie room She did not in the least doubt thai the 'old black man' was before her as she gazed at the moth eaten oraug cutang in the corner. There was an un canny skeleton in sight and the flaring lights made the uncouth shadows cast by the retorts tremulous, as if the long stemmed disks were struggling into life. Rachel was struggling with a vague fear that as yet had no shape; and re gardless of Aunt Kitty's detaining hand pushed upward that she might see into the room. But the cause of Aunt Kitty's sudden fright was not evident to her. She looked at her brother and saw that he was looking quietly into a small box, which stood on a table in the center of the room. It was, in fact, an automatic incubator of his own manufacture. Early that dtsy he day suddenly doubted whether he had filled the lamj) beneath the machine before leaving home; then, if he had done so, was he sure of the thermometer? or, would the egg revolve properly? and his mind had gone on imagining all possible defects in the machine, and how he might have made it better, until he grew more and more desperate at the distance that separated him from home with every hour of travel the express train made toward his destination; and he had finally taken to pacing up and down the car with such a feverish, one idead expression that the passengers looked after him. On reach ing home, however, he found that all had gone on as well in his absence as if he had been standing beside the machine day and night. Having scrutinized it with the fondness of an inventor, he stood looking complacently down upon his handiwork, his eye resting casually on a short hori zontal line of red ink, which he had put on the egg, suspended in the warm air, as a means of knowing whether it made its oIaw i„-r^r-;i,l„ A «l.„ absent mindedness had gradually crept over his face as he looked at the mark, when all at once he thought he saw it curve into a rosy month and in an instant more fancied that he saw a soft outline of limbs. At that moment there was a sound that neither he, nor Rachel, nor Aunt Kitty, could at once have defined in their over wrought state of miud — an explosion or a thud. Aunt Kitty plunged down stairs with a howl, nearly upsetting her com panion in her course. Rachel, on recover ing herself, however, perceived that her brother was unhurt, though apparently a little bewildered to account for what had happened, and she resolved to go to him. When she reached his side, he was again busy with the incubator; this time in picking up bits of shattered egg shell. 'David,' she said, 'what hasihec done with the child?' He started violently and looking at her returned, 'The baby? I have failed:' He spoke bitterly, tlieu his face sud denly brightened, and fixing his shining eyes upon her he exclaimed, 'No, not failed! It was victory, victory!' And with a tenderness such as Rachel had never known in him before he drew her to bim and kissed her; then releasing her, he said: 'Now get thee gone, Rachel; I must write while the matter is fresh with me. I know not how it is, but nowadays, even as I think, my ideas slip away from me as if tiicy were dreams gliding away from my awakening senses. ' ' He turned to the table and began eager ly to collect writing materials. His at tention was again attracted by the pres sure of Rachel's hand, but this time he turned on her impatiently. 'Get thee gone, I say !' ' he cried angrily. ?'I have no time for thee,' and he turned again to his work. Before Rachel could frame her thourrlits the thud she had heard before was re peated, only this time it seemed tlie fall of some small object, perhaps a book. , Turning in the direction from which the sound proceeded, she saw a small child j standing near a heap of sprawling folios and pushing and tugging at one : of a number of piles of books that ?? had been placed iu the neighborhood of the full book case. Tlie mischief she J was in was evidently quite to her mind; but before she could bring down the next lot of tottering books Rachel had caught her up and fled down stairs with her, when a jubilee was held over her by Rachel aud Aunt Kitt y. j She was a pretty child; a proffer of 1 Aunt Kitty's porridge showed her to he a hungry one; and finally she became a . sleepy one. For a while Rachel had only time to be happy. But long after little Ethel lay asleep iu her cradle before the fire, and after Aunt Kitty in lier stuffy room liad courted slumber by a last pipe in bed, Rachel still sat before the fire, feeding it sparingly from time to time as if not expecting to need its warmth much longer. Hours, however, went by, and still she did not go to bed; but instead, rose every now and then, and drawing her blanket shawl more closely about her, crept up the stairs to peep through the balustrade at her brother, who wrote ou with nervous energy. His momentary kindness had filled her with tenderness toward him, and as she watched him she thought how old and faded he looked. For the first time 111 her life her attitude toward him had some tking of protection in it. Was he not working too hard? Would he not make himself sick? she asked herself; but old habit was strong with her, and she al ways ended her cogitations by going down stairs again as silently as she had come up, aud seating herself by the fire to wait for him. At last she must have slept. 'When she became conscious, the drab light of a win ter morning was in the room; and David ttes lying motionless beside the cradle ?rith one arm across it and his head rest ing on the coverlet. From that day he was a partially para lyzed, feeble minded old man, whose chief delight lay in Utile Ethel, con cerning whom he evidently had queer ideas. He told Aunt Kitty some thing about having hatched her out of a big egg up in his laboratory, which made the old woman wag her head when she chanced to catch Ethel's elfish eyes -upon her, and mutter, 'Dat chile know too much!' In spite of Rachel's efforts to divert his mind from the fancy he clung tenaciously to it, and was always finding resemblances between Ethel and the birds about the garden, which he said came from her having lain in a shell, and he pointed out that the white down on her face was referable to the bird part of her nature. Her fear of Rachel's old tabby, he also averred, arose from that source. One February morning he fouud Ethel standing on a chair looking out of the window at the soft snowfiakes that were falling, and gurgling contentedly to herself. 'What is thee looking at, Ethel?' he said, hobbling to her. Then seeing the snowbirds hopping about the rose bush outside the window, he said eagerly. 'What did I hear thee saving to them, Ethel?' He brought his face down coaxingly to hers, and the child with an impulse of mischief flung her arms around his neck and gabbled in his ear. 'Uncle Dave doesn't -understand,' he said regretfully. 'Shall we feed the birdies?' lie soon had the window open and little Ethel seated on the sill scattering crumbs about her. To her delight the birds, wax ing bold, first snatched the crumbs from her lingers and then took to junketing in her lap, calling, 'Peep, peep.' 'Peep, peep!' cr:-%d Ethel in return, bobbing her bead from side to side in imi tation of them. 'Peep, peep!' and she lolled back in David's arms to laugh [up 'it his face. Suddenly her feathered friends flew off. 'Oh, Dave,' cried Rachel, 'how can thee act so ! Ethel will take her death of cold;' a::d taking the child in her arms she shut the window and hurried to the fire, where she proceeded to rub the child's blue arms and legs. Later in the day she had recourse to lier stock of patent medicines; but in spite of their vaunted virtues, and even of the hot bath that Aunt Kitty suggested, I-tb.el grew rapidly worse, until at bed time the old woman set forth to seek a physician. David, finding his playfellow too ill to care for his attempts to amuse her, dragged himself about the house like an uneasy ghost, or sat whimpering by the lire. Rachel thought that he had at last dozed off, as, with Ethel wrapped in her blanket shawl, she sat on the opposite -ide of the fireplace from him awaiting Auut Kitty's return. But the moment tlie front door opened he grasped his stick, and, pulling himself up out of his nvmehair, went into the hall to meet the doctor. Plucking him by the sleeve he -aid earnestly: 'Friend, does thee know anything about the ailments of birds? Otherwise ? !iy skill avails thee not here. This child half bird in her nature.' |ui - .-11. j. in 1 in jiiru ma seaiuuwg eye u ;.n ihe fitful face. ??Yes.' he answered good naturedly. 'You should see my birds at home!' David's face brightened. 'Come,' he -aid eagerly, 'the women folks don't un derstand. It is gapes,' aud steadying him ? eif by putting a hand on the wall he lead '.he way with considerable quickness to Liie door, where Auut Kitty already vailed for them with impatience. As they were about to enter the physi cian laid his hand on David's arm and -aid gravely: 'You kuow you must be very quiet ii -ou go with me?' David nodded, and faithful to his prom e sat silent at his corner of the fireplace, latching with painful eagerness every notion of the physician. : It was an anxious night, but at last the ! it tie one was evidently growing better, ?;nd the doctor, with cheerful assurances, .iually left them, pre ising an early call .-:i the morrow. Da.id did not rise to :'ollow him to the door. His head was belli on his breast, and one would have aid that he slept, :f liis face had not been radiant with happiness. Even when Rachel rose to can-}- the sleeping child ato l:er bed'-oom he made no motion to :'j':1ow her. ; Life and its motions were over for him. \i:'jl!icr so;:! liad sun]-, below our horizon, ::.! the li- lit npo!^ 1 he austere face was ;u the radiance cf a post joy. — -'E. C. S.' . n C\eria:id Monthly. j 