CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF OBSERVER. THE The CHRISTMAS NUMBER of the ADELAIDE OBSERVER will be published on SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22. The contents of this number will be such as to mdnftjii the high character and popularity which the CHRISTMAS OBSERVER has enjoyed for so many years. The reading matter will constat largely of tales by Australian writers, bat several specially appropriate stories from the pens of English authors have been secured. There will also be a special budget of Poetry, Generalities, Riddles, Puzzles, Charades, &c.; Among the literary attractions will be the following;— " An Australian Galatea." A story of Exploration and Strange Discovery, by Heron Shaw, whose previous contributions to the Christmas Numbers of the Observer have been BO much appreciated. 1 1 Miss Nomer'a Nonsense." A tale with a very novel plot, by E. D. Oleland. "Fleetwood's End." The story of two Christmas Eves, by Adallnn Sergeant, author of 4 Jacobi's Wife" (published in the Observer and Journal), "Under False Pretences," &c.;, &c.; " The Black Moss Mystery." A Christmas mining story, by Monk Foster, author of "A Poor Man's Tragedy," "Judith'B Romance," C arch ester's Vengeance," and "A Miner's Million," now being published in the Journal and Observer, "The Falling Cross, Two Christmas Days," by Ichor. "The Strange History of a Christmas Card," by Lindsay Duncan, author of "MiasDainty," "Up the River," "For Mab," Ac. "His Certificate of Freedom." An Australian story, by Alex. Morrison. " The Ghost of the Prince Rupert," by M. Gaunt. " An Australian Ghost Story," by M.P. In addition to these attractions a HANDSOME COLOURED PICTURE will be presented with each copy. This is entitled, "THE LAST IN THE MARKET," and is by Mr. RAXFH HEDLEY, Che wellknown North of England Artist. Mr. Hedley is a native of Northumberland, and bis paintings are well known for their marvellous truth to life and the naturalness of their local colour. Mr. Hedley is a constant exhibitor at the Royal Academy, and is also a well-known exhibitor at the Royal Institute of Watercoloura, and obtained first medal at the Kennell Club's Exhibition of Do Pictures In 1882. The scene depicted In our Coloured Illustration is one well known to visitors of the Bigg Market, N ewcastle-on- Tyne. The Carrier, whose Covered Cart fills the picture, has probably come from one of the many wide districts still xmloucned by railways. In the early morning he wended his way over many a distant bleak Northumbrian Moor to the busy city on Tyneside. His dog keeps faithful watch over his young master, who sleeps whilst awaiting the return of the Carrier, who is the last to leave the Market-place. In the left-hand corner is seen the graceful crown of St Nicholas's Cathedral. 