FEMALE FIENDS. The New Zealand Herald states that a female ex-patient of a lunatic asylum named Mrs. Green has, in a sworn state ment, made very serious charges against the management and officials of the lunatic asylum. The substance of her statement is that she has been ill-treated by some of the female attendants, that they dressed themselves up as ghosts to frighten her, and locked her in a padded room, telling her that they were going to an undertaker to order her coffin. Subsequently one of the attendants came to her as a Sister of Mercy, asking her to make a confession before the coffin came. Shu also complains that she was dragged by the hair to her bathroom, and when she refused to go they slapped her on the face. Messrs. Ewgiugton and Stevenson, the official visiting-inspectors of the asylum proceeded to investigate the charge. They inquired on arrival at 7 o'clock in the evening if Dr. Cremonini, the medical superintendent, was in, and and could not see them just then. They waited for him, and he came down to the room in which they were, and asked what they wanted. They told him of the sworn statement which had been sent them, and which they desired to investigate. The visitors proceeded to examine the attendants, and in the evi dence it transpired that such conduct as has been alleged has been indulged in, and one of them acknowledged that the complainant had been slapped in the face, but refused positively to say who did it. Wolfe's Scenanps— a medicine for body and mind ; a time-honoured preparation. Advertising Cheats. — It has become Bn common to write the beginning of an elegant, interesting article, aud then run it into some' advertisement, that we avoid all such cheats, and simply call attention to the merits of Dr. Sbule's American Hop Bitters in as plain honest terms as possible, to induce people to give them one trial, as noMDue who knows their value will ever Ae anything else. ' Providence Advertiser.' Woifc's Schnapps stands alone without a rival Elixir in the catalogue of magni ficent tonics' 