'nd a' bOMANCWOgO'THE DEFP, o-· lifE?! i?milt ao dream' that wi not a l s dream.' stnir[: -' ' St W. COaxE ROt.esSs fOs;bPa ..XLV.-Tai; BURIAL O THE d, re rutdBABY. b X;,: ýreechee granted as though satisfied, but 1?.ome hoarse wirlpered comments were ?,attered by the otrers, which mnst have ,.,..lage.d all hands into a long discussion, had t'..tone been impolitic enough to overhear o.r lem. Soon again, however, the subtle sub .:se lainfluence created by. the little silent S:body under the tarpaulin was felt by the men. I? Their thoughts went to the infant and they *espoke of him; then Martin Goldsmith re ,,:membered a creepy and chilly story of an aPDrentice who had been no orphan and wer ,put to sea by an uncle whom he had talked of as an harsh and cruel man. This lad died *-through a fall from the masthead. They laid ,.-hnim out, and that same night an able seaman . ,named Moses Bogies, going aft to take the . wheel and paesng by where the body lay, saw 'the apparition of a female with her fingers looked upon her forehead, leaning over the body and e?rgestirg by her attitude that she -had discovered who the boy had been, and was- in wild anguish. 'Bogies was so frightened,' said Goldsmith, 'that. he ran •back into the fok'sle, woke up all bands, who came on deck to see the apparition, but the _gare had disappeared. Yet there was not .the least doubt that Bogies had spoken the truth, for his sincerity was shown by the -effect the seight produced upon his mind. He had been a drunken swearing fellow before, but.from that' night be read the Bible regn. iarly and became a piousne man.' Anson, the -cook, had also his little .yarn to deliver. Archer likewise told of a ghost, and. old Breeches, never to be beaten when it came to -spinning twisters, narrated in a gruff but tremulones voice how his mother had been visited in the dead of night by an elder -brother of his, who came to the street door Swhen the snow was a foot thick with nothing 1 onibat a pair of drill trousers. 'There wea a moon,' said Bill, ' and she saw his face plain. '-'but ase he'd only received a letter a fortnight ' l'fore-he was in the Royal navy, was Joseph t -saying that the frigate had reached Kings. ton, Jamaica, and was like to be kept on that there station for some months, she was adso confounded, not more by his turning up in that rig than by his turning up at all, that i she tumbled down in a fir, the noise of which I alarming 8 lodger that had a wooden leg who slept in the back parlour, he shipped his leg and come out, and seeing nothen but mother s " laying in a ewoond upon the mat, he shuts t 'the street door and carries her on to a sofa, -here, after a bit she rewived. Well, what I happened!' said old Breeches, turning his t f'ace, dim in the starlight, round upon the men, the glistening of whose eyes was the 'only discernible point in their dusky coon .tenanoes. 'Some time after she got a letter t from the Admiralty stating that her son 0 SJoseph had been drownded by falling over- n board at night in Kingston harbour, and it c tarmed' out that at the very time he was e under water the knock came at the door, and t hiis mother see him a standing in the snow.' b But it was hard upon eight belle; Stone P had finished his pipe, and drawing himself up with a look round at the sea, he said, ' Well, t ' 'we live in a fantas.ie world; but there's no g "use a growling,' and with that he walked I quletly aft, pausing a moment when abreast ii '-of the tarpaulin and looking at it, and'then c moving on afresh with a sign. The men after li >talking a little broke up. The first watch if S-'had begun; half the crew went below, the tl others, who had to keep the deck, hung b together walking in twos and twos, one pair fe '.in the gangway, another on the forecastle. n The shadow of death was on the little ship, 0 and,.where the tarpaulin was the darkness hung deep, end as often as the spot was nl passed the footfall was softened, the low t4 v oice soak lower yet into a whisper. It b 'Would be mere imagination, of course; yet II ' 'the whole thing appeared as though accen- g ?nated by the night; by the steady solemn n burning of the stars; by the delicate swell n :"that underran the echooner with a melan. ii S'choly respiration; by the parting waters a ,'.stealing along in sounds of weeping; by the t spectral wings of canvas slowly fanning the t, darkness under the glittering heights ; by the 0 light moaning noises breaking out, from God t knows whas part of the interior of the t gliding fabric. t Even to thee, O tiny fragment of human b c".,lay there had come the marvellous gift of h 'eath ;the power of subduing to the cdmi d plexion of thine inspirations' whatever the t eye could behold, whatever the ear could e hear a The wind shifted in the night. It blew, C but without much weight, from the north. ward. and the sun rose upon the Golden Hope' close-hauled, leaning slightly, three f points off her course. Fortescue, who, in accordance with his regular cnstom, had t tuamed the key in Agatha's door overnight-c with greater` solicitude on this oc.,sion than he had before felt. for he greatly feared the perturbing influence of the sorrowfulevents 'I of the day upon her mind and the dominion \--of sorrow not lees active in sleep than in waking--Mr. Fortesace on quitting his own berth lightly unlocked her door, anl after •:litenIngintently for some moments, knocked. She answered by opening the door. She was .fully dressed, but had not yet boned her h.lr t sp; it was like a sun-touched fountain raining down her back and over her shoulders, a wondroeusly plentiful and most daintily rich and radiant; her beauty, pale and hard with r ?eslancholy-with such melancholy as would "possess a mind that was without memory, a without a remembered past and the solace b retrospection yields-met the vision of the h lover with the novelty he would have found i in a marble image of his darling. There was e a darkness under the ever gentle eyes, a 0 langour in the droop of the lids which told of a troubled night. He held her hand as he asked her how she had slept. ii 'Not well,' she answered; 'I missed my a little companion'-her lip quivered. 'Why, that was to be expected, Agatha,' li he said, . calling her by her name, for there was something in the stoninese grief had nout into her face that to his sensitiveness repelled a the more endearing terms he was usneed to P amploy; 'but time that heals all will soon h accustom you to the poor babe's absence.' i Shelooked down as though she disdained ii -cuhlan asnrance as that, and said with s1 loarcely moving lips, like one thinking e aloud : ' I causned his death. It wasee intended n it should be so. Why was memory taken h from me if it was not meant I should be alone-alooie I' She raised herhand as though b to press her forehead, but touching her hair she seemed startld to find it hangine wild fi about her, and with a faint blush of confusion si she made as though to close the door upon a the clergyman. B 'Will you come to the table to break. i fast. Agathae, or shall I bring a tray here to i 'I. will come to the ts'ole,' she anewered. s " aie eid softly, ' The little one willt be v 'burled 'at eleven. Is it your .wish to be a 'Yes,' she reeponded, with an unusuaal w qickneass, turning towards him, 'certainly I fi wi?sh to be Dpresent.' a Her manner chected him, otherwise he b might have asked her to consider whether w she would have -the heart to witneses the w 'alpping of the little hammock off its plank, w Lnd to bear the gaz of the men, all of whom r would be asemb'od. She came.to 'the -breakfa t table when the meal was readr; but I only responded very faintly and briefly to n 'Hiram's respectful salate. Seaing it was not u her humonr to speak, Weeks felt eilant him- w selfl, add breakfast was got thronuch .rith oi Sscarce more than balf a dozen words between B the skipper and Mr. Fortescu. Her manner hi was a blow to Weeks, who had been re- al bearsing many observations of a consolatory h character. The truth Ise, he considered that William Stone had enfoyed too large a share o of the privilege of advising the clergyman and sermonising both him and Miss Fox as occa- .a al?on required. He felt that his own parts in a this reapect would remain nnmsagined if he k 'ld not brush up the mind God had given a .Mm, and delivered theopinions which firmd a 'm him dnrln, his watch on deck, or hie e 7ahlng momenta below, However, there vas n- helpr for it The lnarp-estilhe orm e thing in Agtcna's ISacs and bearing that had cilencrt nven In Foriesoue the lmiasaloned b goving' oumes he had hitherto caled bor by b w~-c -outbly felt by Wooeao also an e w eat workinc away at a plate of rasheor h of baocon, with a hasty ogle of her from time i to time out of tbohe corner of one protruding eye. , . When bresakfast was over eho rose quietly, uefasling near the clergyman to say, ' Will yon let me know when I am to come on deck for n the funeral ' ' Oertainly,' he answerend. Thereupon she went strsight to her berth. ' -iram standing erect on hble conmpss-eliko legs looked intently at Fl'orteas, a though ti debating whsether he should speak; but it was i impotaiblo for him to keep his tongue still. Il esaid, In s harseh, ensaw.tlke whlsepr:- 'Never could have believed. sir, ashe had eo q taken to that' therechld. Had ehe been its 'sabilahsd aypsesIa a~ia.s| geos sra l 1. se s author. L own moher, tihe drownina of it cuutld I hhve.eauded her i?ore:grief, Pityit h.ippened all this way down here, .It wouldn't so much matter if this sorrow hbad fallenupon het when we was even within a :week's sail of England, for then there'd be all tbe interests of the shore close at hand to smother down her lamentations a bit, and, maybe, as Bill Stone thinks, to give her back her memory $ in which case the joy she'd find in recolootjing if 'ee and beholding once again all them old satisfactions which she can't now perceive, would make this melancholy little job seam ' small enough, though such is the natural gentleness of her heart that I don't mean to suppose she wouldn't always find it affecting Fortescue had too sweet a nature ever to show Impatience at the good intentione' of others, no matter how distressing might be the form they took; but Agatha had inspired him with thoughts infinitely too deep for utterance to such a man as Weeks, and with fancies and fears which made him recoil from the mere idea of talking about her. Weeks's ambition to shine as a philosopher and a moralist must therefore be baulked again. The clergyman, with a bit of comrn mooplaco on his lips, which, strive his utmost, he could not force into a smile, went to his berth, and Hiram passing the back of his hand with a long sweep over his mouth, and a slightly crestfallen look, fitted a mole. ekin cap to his head and climbed on de-k to relieve old Stone. The morning passed quickly. It was now a quarter to eleven. The men were below in the forecastle, cleaning themselves for the ceremony; the young seaman, Joe Hall, was at the tiller, and Stone, in his Sunday clothes, paced the deck with a sober, pious look upon his face. The schooner, heeled to the extent of a stroke by the breeze, was sailing quickly but without noise, for the sea was smooth, and what small billows the wind set running were but little more than largeo ripples with curie of foam flashing out of their heads here and there, too light to break with sound against the weather bow. Thesun stood high and swuog with glory over the forotopmast head in unison with the slow breatbing of the ocean, which kept the vessel regularly but very lightly swaying. The horizon went around in ice-like sharpness of outline, for the morning air was extraordinarily brilliant and transparent, bearing the eye to the nethermost horizon, whose distinctness magnified the capacious sphere of the light blue girdle, thus emphasising the loneliness of the schooner upon that spacious field, by the immensity of the surface that trembleo in glitterings under the high and gleaming heavens. There was no bell to strike, but at 11 o'clock the word went along, and the crewlhy aft, collecting at the gangway. whither one of them came-no other than William Breeches -bearing under his arm a plank with th;, little body upon it, over which was spread the English ensign. One end of this plank he rested on the rail, the other he held. He was bareheaded, and kept his rugged, weather.seamed face bowed. They had, these plain merchant sailors, but little choice of clothes among them; their mourning must be gotten out of polished faces and hair combed smooth, and clean shirts washed in salt water, and, some of them, canvas trousers whose tarry stains defied the scrub bing brush and the lee scuppers. They were promptly joined by Hiram and Stone, the former, lik' his mate, clad in his best suit. Upon the skipper's long, gaunt, yellow face, grief, of a mute.like type, was nicely calco lated to sit becominuly; but had he been act. ing sorrow all his life, no expreasion of it he could have assumed would come near to a likeness of the manly, pathetic honesty of feeling you saw in his eyes, when, after letting them rest for a few moments on the little borden, he turned them upon the deck at his feet, gazing so till he had tautened his wide mouth out of the twitchings in the extremities of it. In a few moments Fortescue came out of the companion with Agatha. The clergyman took his place close to the body. The men backed away a little to make room, particu* larly leaving a space for Agatha, facing the gangway. Her face was painfully white; the most ignorantglance would have traced the marks of the grief the loss of the child had impressed upon her. The hollows in her eyes were noticeable for the darkness in them, and for the aspect of illness they gave to her. It was difficult to look at her and not observe the fading that had happened in twenty-four hours, without guessing that there had been an artificiality in her island bloom, in the warm flushed tropic glow of beauty that had amazed Forteecue to see in her, and that had lingered scarce unimpaired down to the last week or two, when it began to dim to her secret fretting. She fixed her eyes on the ensign that covered the plank, and seemed utterly insensible to all things but the fancies that came to her from the outline defined by the thin bunting, The sailors looked at her slightly ; their respect was too strong to suffer their glance to ap. proach a stare, and then again it was a moment to subdue them and to sharpen their natural regret at the loss of the little one whom they had watched, talked to, and learned to love, into briny pity and a rough sort of grief. Still they could not help peeping, at her, for she stood near; her colourleseness and fixed gaze, heastill, rant posture, invited their regard. It is true that Archer had cleared their minds of the super. stition she had excited in them, but the memory of the fancies they had had about her recurred. This was the girl, some of them thought in their own rude tonaue, who had been beheld by that clergyman yonder, when at a distance of thousands of miles from her, kneeling upon the shore of the island, then rising and appealing to him to come to her ; from whom sickness. had fallen as a garment after memory had been shocked out of her by brutality; whose past had blackened upon her mind and was as dead to her as the infant upon the plank there, though in sleeping she could recollect, and standing under the starlight at the rail of the schooner look across the rounded sea to England from the Indian ocean, and talk with her lover as if he were there instead of being at her side, and appeal to him as it there were no sanity for her but in slumber, though when she opened her eyes in waking she turned them like a blind woman upon him I The schooner swayed gently; at every man's foot his shadow swung, and in the panee that fell, whilst Forteecne opened his hook ere raising it to read, you would have heard nothing but the innumerable whisper. ingsoftthe water, delicately seething and softly eliding past, as though there were spiritse over the side answering in faint notes the momed queestioninga of the winds that hummed like the buzzing of flies heard afar amid the complicated cordage, andpaet the bolt ropes of the steady cloths. Mr. Forteecsne began to read. It was a familiar office to him, and his voice was low, steady, and sad, but sweet with cultivated atterance. The moment be commenced. Breeches quietly pulled the ensign off the little hammock, ready for the final launch since he coiuld not imagine when the word would be given ; having but the very slendereot acqusintance with the burial ser. vice, and therefore seeing 'everything clear.' as a true sailor should, under all circunm stances. It was noticed that a shudder wrenched Agatha from head to foot, that her fingers closed into the palms as if the nails would cut the flesh there, and that she lot a breath fly from her in a passionate sigh that was like a faint cry to those who stood nearest when the hammock was exposed; other. wise she held herself steady with her eyes rooted upon the little body. lnt it was indeed a eight to melt any hearb Never had the blue of heaven looked down upon a tinier hammock. In its littleness mainly lay the appeal that stirred the men when the old seaman laid bare the mnloute ocean shroad, Old Stone's eyes were wet, Biram folded.his arms tightly across his breast and hung his head, and Archer, after a short look at the baby outline, turned his head aide with his hand over the face. Mr. Fortescus continued reading slowly, with a thrill running through his voice for a moment a- he lifted his eyea from the book and directed them et the plank, but old Stone was observed to suenddenly squeeze a knuockle into his eyes and regard Agatha askant, but with a steadfast watchfulnese of graze that must have made you see his mind was wholly off the funeral, and that he was thbinking of noslng but what he looked A change had come over her. too. hho had broken away from her Intent stare a' she baby, and was now gazing at Mr. Fortecuo with a sinogular oxpresealon eslowly entering her face, and stirring in every twitch and line of it, and gradually dilating her eyes end lift. nlog her browsa like a slow poison of madness workleg in he~r brain. No one appeared to notice this buht Stone. Mr. Foctsucne read : ' We therefore com mit bla body to the deep to be turned into corruption-' 'Ho pused, :with a glance at Breechoes, which the old man instantly understood. With a quick movement he raised the end of thie plank, and the tiny white hammock flnaeshed from the rail like a bird of snowy plumage taking flight. Hall at the tiller institctively turoaed his head to look over the nqarler, bus the psesing water sobbing along the bends had eught the bubble and swept it Into the sunshine In the wake, and in a breath t it was gone, symbolieing the vanishment of ,i e li,rele one it, a m:naiiuer fl:.truly D . deepen :h the hope expreseed in the words '! looking or for the reaurrectionof'the body (when the sea of shall give' up her dead), and the life of the l world to, come, through our Lord Jesuans n Ohrt t.' 11 The clergyman was proceeding, solemnity r, gathering in his rich voice now that the g plank h.d been tilted, and the feeling was d toe nameless little stranger that had come to t, rhem for their love and ministration was at n last truly at peace, and in the bosom of Him ti who had called him, when on a sudden Stone o cried out, ' Mr. Fortescae, look at Mies Fox, air I' o She was standing as though transfixed, ,I with an expression on her of wildest as e tonishnient, that of its own emotional force I had given a colour to her face. Her eyes were opened to their fnleet extent. It was t as if a spirit moved before her-something I that had at first filled her with amazement like horror,, though the terror was parsing, r and the lustre of delight was dimly eifting i through the astonished, half-incredulones, hialf.terrified stare that she had fixed upon her lover. She tottered once or twice as if sue would fall. She sought to speak, but her f lips turned white at the effort, and her throat crimsoned as with strangulation ; hbu ere Mr. Fortescae could spring towards her elaho had ntt-red his nam', 'Malcolm P at liret in a choking cry, but then ' Malcolm ! Malcolm Malcolm !' thrice, in shrieks ; and with a leap she was upon his breast, her hands looked round his neck, her head upon his bosom. 'Agatha,' he cried, 'you know me at last. Your memory has returned to you Beloved one, call me again by name !' Her clasped relaxed. She fainted. ''Tis tae baby's doing,' said Stone, aloud, looking round; ' she loved him, and he repays her by giving her her memory back. It came with the launching of the hammock. I watched it working in her. Great God I how beautiful it is to think of a woman's nappiness returning to her as a gift of love from the little 'nn she'd been as a mother to !' and with working lips and eyes again brimming over, the old man s.epped to the rail, and looked along the glittering furrow of the schooner towards the epot where the body of the little one had vanished. CHAPTER XLVI.-TnE NEW DAWN. It was the girl's second swoon in twenty four hours, but this time there was a death liness in it that grew terrifying. The ashen pallor was of the grave, and through the parted lids the white of the eyes showed like a corpse's. For a moment or two Forteecue alone knew she had fainted; then Hiram, seeing what had happened, sprang to help him, and between them they bore her below, The momentary transport of joy in the curate turned to terror as he leaned over her. loosening her dress, whilst Hiram hurried for water and other restoratives. She was pulseless Her bosom lay motionless as a piece of sculpture. He drew forth with trembling hand a little lookingglass which he held to her lips, but it remained un tarnished. It was as sure as that the child was dead, as that the schooner was upon the sea, as that the heavens looked down upon all, that she had recognised him, and that her memory had therefore returned. Was it possible that the mad leap of the revitalised faculty from the tombin her brain in which It had been lying dead had broken her heart i Sudden joys, sudden griefs, have been known to kill, but think of the power, the force of the emotions which must have sweptinto her with lightning swiftness when the curtain was dropped from her, mind, and her lover stood before her ! Minute after minute went by. Ceaselessly the curate moistened her brow, chafed her hand, did what he knew, with a prayer to God going up in every breath that left him; whilst Hiram, grasping a etancheon, stood erect, mute, and waiting. Once Fortescne fancied that there was a faint stir in the arm he held; it passed, but it set his agitated thoughts trooping along another road. 'Sup. pose,' he asked himself, ' that when she revives her memory will still be missing, that her knowledge of me shall prove but the momentary glimpse of a brain so wrought upon by the nerves that its operation for the instant was like the control it had held over her when she walked in her sleep, and answered me, knowing my voice, and pleaded to me, visible to her sightless eyes !' A whole half.hour passed, as full to the clergy man of misery as a life time of sunffering could have contained, and to the seaman stead fastly and silently watching of deeper anxiety that he had ever felt in the wildest weather at sea. Then on a sudden they heard a faint sigh, her fingers twitched, something of living colour entered palely into her white lips. A sigh again broke from her, this time like the respiration of one dreamieg sorrowfully in sleep. She opened her eyes, looked strangely about her as though her rest had been induced by a powerful narcotic. until her eight coming to Mr. Forteane, an expression of wonder, delight, amazement, brightened in them, and she suddenly sat erect, crying yet again with hands extended to him, ' Malcolm I Malcolm I My Malcolm!' He took her in his arms; he could not speak; his fall heart gave way and he wept with his face against her cheek as he held her to him. Captain Weeks walked to the com. panion and stood midway on the steps with his head outside the hatch, where he wasee within call, though he could not hear their conversation, and where he could act as sentinel. Fortescue mastered his deep agitation after a little, bhut until he did so she did not move. She felt his need of conceal ing his face while he strove with his tears. and even in that marvellous moment of the roturnof her memory, and whilst still fresh and confused from her swoon, she soothed him with her cheek to his, and left the sweet I pillow of her shoulder motionless for his c comfort. But the iastant be stirred, as if to lift his head, she started from his embrase, and seizing hie hands, fell back to the length t of her arms with a long, yearning, searching look at his face-a wondrous stare fMr eyes so soft and gentle as hers to fix, so full was it of astonishment, inquiry, passionate delight r conflicting with incredulity and breathless amazement. e ' Malcolm !' she said, in a low voice that I thrilled with the feelings which her eyes looked. ' Malcolm I' she repeated, in a tone that deepened as it sank towards a whisper, 'ie it you, dearest one is it you, my own, from Wyloe! Where am I? This is 4 ship; it is not the island' She looked elowly around, labourieg to master the meaning' of i what she 'aw, till she brought her eyes to I rest asain upon herlover. '* Malcolm,' shea continued, letting fall his hand to press her t forehbendwithagesture she had often used since he had been on board the schooner, 1 ' have I been sleeping ? Do I still Isleep and dream?' An expression of terror now swept I across her face, obliterating its bright ex. e pression of intelligence, and she rolled her eyee hysterically. Fortesone saw the task before him. He bad a will that had served him well on more I than onioccasion. He exerted it to thrust down out of eight and emotions which had I overwhelmed him, and his fine intellect went I awiftly to work to consider how he should act, how be should deal with the deli cate, bewildering, dangerous problem that Agatha's condition of mind submitted. The whole truth muet craze her; he musnet speak with the utmost caution, for the I proeent 'at least, since it was possible that the faculty of memory might prove weak and treacherous after its long stupor; and it was certain, at all events, that her recent swoon m?ustto a degree have enfeebled her mindl which would require time and the growth of spirits in bor, and nstartled preception of the I happiness that had come back from behind the veil to recover its old tone. 'Agatha,' he said, holding and caressing I her band. 'you have passed through some 1 strange experiences; but it is well with us both now, thanks be to Almighty God. Have no fear. All that has happened is as I natural as sorrow is, or the shining of the I suno, or the darkness noon the earth when the night comes. Yourclear sense will preo sently see all.' She Interrupted him. 'Malcolm, the Verulam was burnt at sea, and I was placed in a boat, the only woman in it-separated from my father. The boat was eteereet by the boarswai.s of the ship, a man named Archer, who during our terrible -ifferings treatod me with noble goodness. We reached an island. T'la man saved me *rom lrowuinlg ; f. r the h at. was overnet Ion the ourt, and-and where am I now ? Wheroe ia the ieland?' There was again a look of 3 consternation and amazement in her wide open eyes. 'Do not you remember,' he said, gently, hoping to cnax memory along In her, ' that I came to fetch you from the iland in this schooner, that I landed and found you and Archer on the island, and brought ynu 'Iff to thio vessel, telling oan that undor God's guidance I had eonghle and found you, and that we were going 'home, my beloved, going home to dear old Wyloo, and to our friends I there. and to our marrisago His hand trembled. IHe would have raIed hers to his lips. but the bewilderment in her face arreated him and brought him baek to his resolution of eolmneoe and sealf.ontrol. 'No, I do not remember. Yon say you found me on the tland, fStrange--I do not If rememberl' and shefrwned in the fierce n struggle with thought. g .' My darling,' he saidi still speaking very a softly, guoeeing the truth, ' tell me to what e point does your memory carry you.' e She took her hand from his, and leaned her temples upon her fingers, shutting her eyes, y After a little she said slowly, and with e Intensity : 'I remember three men on the island. o One was Archer; he was very good to me. t He made a bed in a little cavern. He supplied I me with fool and water--ouch food as could e he got-taking care that I should never want, I remember the dreadful loneliness of those days, the constant thunder of the surf, that would sound like a roaring of wild beasts when the night was still. I remember s feeling ill--an ill I and dreading that I should die before help could come, and that we I should never meet again, Malcolm; though I had but small hope that we should be rescued, for I often heard the men talk of the island being out of the track of ships-I remember that,' There was a pause. She repeated : ' Yes-I remember that. What has hap. pened since?' Down to this she had spoken with her eyes closed, but when see asked the question I she let fall her hands and looked full at her lover. For some moments he did not know i what to say Is was as plain to him by her manner as was the silver splendour which I lay upon the skylight to his eyes, that the revivication in her memory stopped short at I her sufferings upon toe island, bringing i her down maybe-thoogh he darednotinqoire that-to her struggle with the seaman, and I her swoon out of which she awoke with her mind blinded. All things this side, including a that struggle, were as dead to her as he her previous past had before been. He believed so, at least; he could not look at her and r doubt it. The mysterinue mechanism of the a mind had shifted its burden of darkness from t one side of it to the other. It was a marvellousne thing for him to witness in her, and he felt a v numbnees coming out of it into his heart, when with the rapidity of thought he con- c sidered that the recurrence of memory might be but a passing passionate effort of the soul a ore it lapsed into a b!acknees that should h stand as a lifelong eclipse of all recollection h in her. C Steadying his voice he said: d 'My darling, you have passed through so ii much, so much that is heartbreaking even to Ii think of, it is not wonderful that memory in o mercy should hide from you a portion of the 8 sufferings of your shipwreck. Can you recall any circumstance associated with our paan ti sage, so far, from the island?' a She answered: fi 'I do not know where I am.' g 'If I tell you,' he exclaimed, 'that this is a h little sailing vessel bearing you home to d Wyloe, can you understand me?' 'Oh, Malcolm, yes,' she answered, with a ie sweet emile. 'Do you recollect,' he inquired, 'a French It ship asking us if we would take charge of a te little baby that her people had picked up at h sea?' ' 'No,' she answered, with a strained ex- o preseion in her eyes. There was a shadow. ti ing of tears, too, in the grey depths, with a ca hint of renewed terror growing. al He oroke off in the sentence he had com menced, and cried out: ft 'Agatha, dearest one-some things have at happened which you cannot recall, but the true, the lovely, the sacred past is with you B again, with you with all its love, and eun* cl shine, and hopes, with you as I am, I who a sought and found you, though you knew me .e( not, and for weeks have not known me till 'p this hour. It is enough for us, my precinus '1 noel! God has answered my prayer. You B know me-you remember me-you can pro. nounce my name.' He flung himself on his knees, graeping cc her round the waist, gazing up into her face Si with eyes of moving adoration; while she, ri putting her hands upon his hair, pressed her as lips to his forehead, and, speechless for many h moments, they gazed at each other as though in a trance, amazement in her sleeping for awhile under the brooding emotion of joy, slowly perfecting itself with the perception of the reality of his beloved presence. Hiram, peeping down the companion way, saw them thus engrossed, and stepping on deck told Stone to keep clear of the cabin for the present, as though, for his part, he did not know much about love-making, he didn't need to be told that Fortescne and the lady were much too interested in the talk they had fallen into to desire to be inter ropted. "D, she know him?' asked Stone. t 'Like one o'clock, Bill,' responded Weeks. 'Guy him his name slick out in a voice like eingin'.' U 'I always said a little thing 'ud do it,' said a Stone. 'A little thing he was, too. God re receive him I as affectionate in his death as n a holy angel, Hiram; for take my word for b it, 'twas his love and gratitood for all fi she's done for him as guy her back her memory. 01 The old man sent a wandering glance into a, the blue distance over the stern. , i ' Ye've made use of that fancy afore, Bill,' di exclaimed Hiram, ' but I don't rightly ai follow it.' Stone looked over the side for a minute tc whilst he thought. ac ' Well,' said he, ' I allow it's one of them te fancies as must catch hold of the onder- h, standing at once, because they're too delicate di for explanation. There's a good many ideas a, as is best left alone if they don't make them. - selves intelligible right out of hand.' t 'Aye, that may be right on-ugh,' said at Hiram, ' but see here, Bill; I ain't a fool, of matey; and if 'a fancy's plain to you I don't vs see why it shouldn't be plain to me.' ci Now, old Stone exactly understood the it fancy that had seized him, but when he came to trying to express it he was at a lose. ae As he would afterwards say, ideas frequently hi oconrred to him when he was lying in his ce bunk, or drowsily standing watch on a quiet di night, which reomed to him full of beauty m and poetry. They were in hise mind, and he C was able to think them out, yet he could reo more have expressed them in words than he fu could have transformed the reflection of a is star into the star itself. How could he make I Hiram understand, having no language in which to share thenotlon ? His conception pt was that the devotion of Agatha had been w rewarded by the baby in his death; for the hi coming back of her memory at the moment of the child's burial was like a sadden sprirituallieng of her, and God's presence oe having been wondrously visible en every hi passage of the schooner's mission, why It should not a miracle have been wrought through the instrumentality of the hairn-a miracle eymbolisins a- woman's love and I happiness springing from the ashes of the Ia nameless babe she had taken to her blinded bt hears, and cherished? But Stone would not to explain. He felt, indeed, that if he should m attempt to do so he meust floundor and per. hap' destroy to himself the fancy he was p pround of, and reckoned as being highly poetical because it was his own. Sobs not , rid of the subject by asking Weeks what Agatha bad said when she awoke from her , faint, and this induced a chat about the C clerpgman and Miss Fox, incidents of the voyage, the time likely to be occupIed in II renaohing home, and so forth, which put the y, men elbow to elbow, and set them patrolliong t the deck with a sense of Sunday strong upon el them, owing their being dressed in their h, best clothes, whilst thdb schooner, still off her course, pushed swiftly through the dark'blue L waters with the shadows ever swaying like B pendulume upon hebar deck, and in the shining ri hollows of her sails. m A long hour passed. Forward the men had finished their dinner, shifted into their w old tarry rigs, and were at their various th employments. The cook with sulky eyes F frequently peered out of the galler in the yr hope of intimating by the exoresslton on his he countenance that the cabin dinner was fast I spoiling. Johnny came aft and wanted to know if he should lay the cloth; but had the w lovers chosen to remain together for the rest tc of the day, Hiram would not have had them hi disturbed, At last Worteseauo came on deck He wasee pale, but there was a look of peace ye and quiet aladnes in his face which both Stone and Hiram instantly noticed. He approached them and said: ni 'We have been selfish enough to occupy the cabin to your excalusion. I find it is long past r the dinner hour.' , ' 0O. don't mention that, sir,' aid Hiram. ' Mies FOt is nOw lyunr dorn,' cnn.inoned i the o!ecrgyman. 'I doubt if any lirl ever A went through more than she has, phyasically I and mentally.' 'She has her memory, sir,' eaid Stone, respectfully. ' 'Ay, Mr. Stone, thank God she has her y memory,' oexlaimedl Mr. FortesCos. It hes returned to her perfect down to the dreadful ua circumstance that caused her to lose it, but of all that has happened since then she knows nothing.' 'Nothlng I' exclaimed Stone. 'Nothing,' repeated the clergymtn, with L solemn mphasils. ' roat thunder i' bur?t out HIlram, coming k to a dead stand. 'Don't she remember our coming to her on the island, air?' cried Stone.. a 'No.' ' 'Nor that iwhalin job?' be contlqsued. No.' ~N e p onded the olsrgjman. . I . :' Nor the baby ' inquidred Eili,,? in;0 a breathlesse wasy , ' It is womndrfnl -wo:vnderful I' exclaimed Forteocue, clasping bis hands, yet it is io. She remimbeksenothing down to her swooon ing three hbors ago. She has no recollection of the baby ndr of its burial, which has jdst taken place, - I seems incredible. I stepped into her berth before she entered it to conceal all memorials of the poor little one-happily; Mr. Stone, you had already removed the crib-so that the light questions I put to her to test the memory of the baby, and of other incidents connected with the passage from the island, might not win a significance to frighten her by proofs of the things I spoke to her about. I will ask you, Captain Weeks, and you, Mr. Stone, to make n6 reference to the child, nor to anything which has happened since we left the island, in her presence. It is best that she should slowly realise that the memory which ought to cover the past few months is a' blank. There is nothing to easre her in this, nor to alarm me; indeed, I would rather she should have the truth in in my own version of it. It is, I take it, a zpeclil ant of God's mercy that the horrible incident of her island life should be hidden to her for ever, and as. a thing likely to keep her heart sad. it is well, perhaps, Mr. Stone,' looking at the old man with an emotion of affection kindling in his fine dark eyes, 'that the nemoy o. ,ur poor little baby should be sealed from her. Both Stone and Hiram knuckled their fore. heads in recognition of theclergymano' wishes, and then Stone said: ' If she has her memory perfe3t down to the point yon name, what more could she need. sir, prowiding, of course, that she goes on afresh from this morning without any more stoppages ?' 'There's only this.' said Hiram, with n nervous look aloft and a hesitating glance around, ' if Mises For hase got no memory of this here woyage, she'll never be able to appreciate the way we made the island she was cast upon, nor the sailing of the Golden lope, and her behaviour in all sorts of weather.' 'Oh, but she will,'- said Fortescue, smiling. 'Her present memory will enable her to preserve the recollection of what I tell her touching the voyage, and that being so, Captain Weeks, it will be my fault if she doesn't fully appreciate the beauty of this little vessel, your skill as a navigator, and the loyalty and high qualities of our great-hearted old friend here,' and he laid his hand upon Stone's shoulder. ' Well, sir,' said Stone, looking as though I this condescending act of Mr. Fortescue would break him down. 'I can only say from the bottom of my soul I'm glad-I'm glad things have turned out as they have. I always felt as that a little thing 'ad doit.' 'Stone thinks the baby did it, Mr. For. tescue,' said 'Hiram. ' The lady's memory,' observed Stone, looking down upon the deck, 'a coming back to her at the moment when the little hammock fioshed off the plank into the water, seemed to me as if it was the gratitood of the hinfant for Miss Fox's cherishing of him t that did it . Hiram here don't understand,' continued the old man, with a glance at the skipper, 'bus that ain't my fault.' 'I understand,' said Mr. Fortescue, thought fully, and obviously impressed with the rough sailor's fancy. 'Well, it's beyond my larning,' exclaimed Hiram, slightly vexed apparently by the clergyman's ready apprehension of Stone's ' notion; ' but a ship's fok'sle ain't much of a college, and so there's no call for me to 'pologise. Here. you, Johnny I' he bawled, 'bear a hand now with the cabin dinner. How's her head, Jim?' The course was given. 'Hal' exclaimed Hiram. 'So she's come up to it. Bill,' said he, turning to Stone, 'if the trades ain't humming in our rigging to-night you shall call me a farmer, and watch me pick me the hayseeds out o' my ; hair.' (TO Be ooNTN xED.) 