FOBESTAIiLING IN CABBIM™™*?1 I%veg disagreoablo, when yon got in nico^l Asolf,°°me d#Tm t0WD 40 ba°k J0W tloomi»B ] T° pr&TXht;^ hM 001)1,63 th° 8tutI th0 And you can't s;e't. a shilling of the pelf. ? m « ttn going to tell you a little story that's - as true as gospel, and don't you forget it ! It is only one of a rinmhor nil bearing the same way, and it is time one such was told, for much injury has been done to unfortunate pedestrians by the practice known as forestalling, and its re sults. The case in question is as follows : ? ! A young Clarence Eiver farmer, named Layton, entered for a Carrington Handi cap, and got on the limit. He thought he had a show of winning, and -came down town to back himself, but found- that he conla not get a solitary shilling, as a ' clever push' had forestalled him on the strength of their knowledge that he ran and trained with Ellem, and must be worth a risk anyway. Diseusted. . the countryman returned home, refusing to start, and, of course, the clever lot dropped their money. Enraged at this,' they have gone systematically to work to make the handicappers believe that Layton ran great goes with Ellem, and could do all Ellem wanted. Tho result is that Layton, who requires nearly ' limit' to give him a ghost of a show, is dragged back five yards in the next handicap (the coming one), and any show he might have entirely extinguished. Now, even if he starts, the handicappers will think he is 'foxing,' and they'll prob ably be right ; and small blame to him. tor such handicapping makes ' stiff 'uns' and he will continue to be kept back and prevented from winning, which, to my mind, leems to be the aim of pedestrian handi cappers— not to ' bring them together but how much will keep them out of it' seem ing to be the question with these gentry. Some day in trying to ' run his weight off' Layton will get censured or disqualified and off he'll go up country disgusted with a game which, given a fair show, he would have been a sound patron of all his life. The committee lose a runner and the sport and its management made an enemy, all through that nasty, dirty ' forestalling.' Handicappers ought to be old enough birds not to be caught*by the chaff of interested parties. They ought to be their own judges of a man's abilities and listen to no one. ? » » TOO HANI CHAMPIONS. Champion fighters, champion runners. Champion weight- lifts — sixteen-stunners ; Champion swimmers, champion sleepers. Champion rowers, champion leapers— The whole 'darned title is by decent people hated, cated. championships, it seems, are dupli _ Yes, damme ! I say so. There ain't a single championship but what about seven fat men and a small boy lay claim to it. Now there is the boxing championship. We all know, and all respect Peter Jack son, the undoubted champion, the quiet, decent-lived fellow who holds the title, and has the honour in all reasonable minds. Yet even Jackson, who is as good in his line as any man on the big round earth, bar no onercsnnot be allowed to be sole champion, but an untried man like Paddy Slavin must attempt to posers!, chamjjicstvand. can actually find a printf miserable enough and foolish enough to dJib him ' Champion - of Australia.' ' To wliat base uses may we come, Horatio .The good Lord keep the Beferee from ever coming'tio low, or appearing in such a ridic^jj^sii^jifthtin any matter. How runners have we ? Hea^Kla®Kf^^ at least are written of the two great cities i uent as champion r jm i [MJ,, jljMwHIl', tttnuels, the darkie, of^ Clark, was not up, Grounds committee aro.t^^CK}]iahiR(aliitute their tracks and thj&^fiOC&l;&Mfcto;'any gate money fake, so, .«»«(; the gates to the publio,:'*B#(!flMk^®®Ot turn up. No, and he w^?fcM3^»«i^ihe man to run Samuels he knows it and his friends' i t f'o rt h e y would have put up that fifty pounds for him. and then the gate would have, been worked a bit. As it was -this ' champion,' a news paper's pet, would not risk the downfall of a cheaply made reputation by trying to toe it with that wonderful streaker, Charlie Samuels, so he should not talk ' cham pion' again. And so it goes on. Every champion has a host of jealous rivals, and it seems as if every one of them could get Press support for their claims, but not in Sydney — oh no ! we want to be shown hard facts here before we believe. * * * THE BOXING BOOH. There's a boom in -silver mining and a boom in copper too, There's appropriately a boom in tin, I think they'ro booming glue ; Bnt the boom that takes away the cake, stronger than traiqps' old soois, sirs, Is the striking boom that beats the lot, tho boom among the boxers. There is no manner of doubt .whatever about it, is there? What? Where? Oh! ah yes. Me mee- yind was wa-handering-ah ! but now I'll .come down from the summer cloud and say what I Eat down to .sav. till the fell demon -of poetry (that's poetry on top I might remark) .seized on me, and ' there yer are.'* No, there can be no manner of doubt but that the boxing boom is the greatest boom whiob at present agitates the placidity of the superficial, area of sooiety's usually un J ruffled sea. ' (How's that;?) Fancy 1 Ye poor foolish Government clerks, ye hard worked editors, ye bankers, ye warehouse men—aye, even ye fat, orer- fed, under worked, lazy, .goodfornoonethingon God's-earth parsons. Fancy Messrs. Jem Smith and Jake Kilrain earning a thousand pounds each by standing pulling and hauling at one another, and occasion- ; ally hitting each other to give it realism, for two hour3 and a half or one hundred and fifty minutes. Let's see, they fought (save the mark) 100 rounds, each round would bo followed by a minutes' rest, so if subtract 10C minutes from 150 minutes you — i.e., stool up rmdnoxe^o^gripped and wrestled forty-four minutes. And for this they get £1000 eaeh presented by their en raptured backers. Faugh ! Little Tom Sayers would have beaten them both in the one ring in less time. » ? ? Leavi-gr tint phase of it, which I could not help creeping in, let us return to the 'boom' which seems to have seized the world and sent it crazy over boxing. Boxing matches 'are undoubtedly the 'draw' of the nge. Nothing else will cause people to ' part' so freely and such large sutns as boxing. By nothing else can the exponent of the sport so readily fill, his pockets as by boxinsr, and being pretty good at it. There was Jim Fogarty the other night raking in over £800, for, taking training and fight ing time 'all in,' not more than threo weeks' work, and Burke and Foley 'cut up' ,£1000 for about the snme amount of trouble and lesE fighting. One thing is proved by all this and that is that the law can't smother that innate love of fighting1, which is bred fair into the bone of the British nation, and stops Tight there in all its offshoots. Look at what we read the other day of those French men com ing up to tho juiith-Kilrain ring o,ud looking on for a few minutes, but never showing interest, and eventually walkin-r away as if they could not understand such a sight. A sight which thousands of Englishmen would have paid £50 or £100 a piece to see. The love of battle i3 English, and aU old fogeyish laws can't evict thut feeling from English hearts. 'We don't want to flight, but jingo when we do' we made it very wining- and we cop the dollars too. Anyhow all over the surface of tho English speaking world, and that is our world aud all we care about, the prize-fighter with glove or raw 'uns is the hero of the hour, tho popular idol, the man who, even if as ugly as. the Earl of Gehenna's old grand mother's uncle, can take the girls away from -the wash tub, and make the ' men spend their dollars, to* Bee - him spar, and don't you forget it Colley has now tiken'a' fair-start towards recovery. He is much stronger, and is picking up fast. . A Horse-owners' Association is on the tapis in Brisbane. The motif is to com bine so as to enforce the Q.T.C. to repair, improve, Jirad generally look after the racecourse. The Q.T.C., however, have at last given notice that they will really do something definite after this present meeting About time, too, considering, the number of jhorses with dickey lega ^in Brisbane now. Had the rain not provi aentially fallea, the chances ore thfit half the horseu do. work would have broken down. 