U R A N A. MONDAY, February 20 (FBOU OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The weather still continues dry, all those clouds which during the past week presaged rain having passed innocuously away. The days are at present quite sufficiently warm, the glass now—4 p m.—showing 96deg. in the shade; but the nights are generally cool. The following are the stock returns for this district to the end of the year, viz., 1,056 sheep, 6601 cattle, 2472 horses, and 655 pigs; the number of acresilJ6ing' l,4I8^23|r On the night of the 17th , the Jerilderie Christy Minstrels gave their promised entertainment in aid of the hospital, Ihey having most generously offered to give it wholly .and solely at their town expense.' It was "held in the&fchool; of Arts, which was handsomely' decorated for the occasion under the skilful manipulation of Messrs. Hansen, Keele,and 'Murray, the stage being especially resplendent—ita rear :aad sides with flags, its front -with " In aid of the Hospital" in large quasi gilt letters. The dooti were opened at 8 p.m., and in about half-an-hour afterwards the curtain rose, anddisclosed to a fullhouse the nine i minstrels in s -semicircle, over which Mr. - Howell preaided as " interlocutor.'" -Messrs. Brooks and Davis were tambo and bones respectively ; Messrs. ;Trevilian and. Williams, the former on the violin, the latter on the, piano, being the accompanists in the first part. , Xbout the time mentioned the entertainment began with an overture, followed by the opening chorus," Happy are we to-night, boys," by the company. Thereafter followed 1 nine songs, one by each of the minstrels, and all attended by rousing choruses, which were loudly applauded ; the w breathing spaces " between the songs being devoted to " quips, cranks, and merry jests," the local hits being especially well armed and well taken. In the second part, songs without choruses were the rule, no circle being formed ; each singer coming from the word solus. The number of songs included in this part was six.. Miss E. Culley most kindly presiding the while at the piano. There was also a comical exhibition of heavy-weight lifting in this part, Mr. Howard being the professor. This gentleman went through the autics generally performed by such athletes, to the general amusement of the spectators, apparently straining himself in his endeavours to raise the weight of 12001bs. This he at length succeeded in doing ; and then swinging it round his head a few times he discharged it full among the audience, managing to land it nicely in the lap of Mr. Brasch, the secretary to the hospital. Out of the songs then sung there were three which were especially well rendered and which were equally well received, viz, " Advance Australia" by Mr. Fowler," The Death of Nelson " by Mr. Trevilian, and " The German Band " by Mr. Davis, the latter being encored. Immediately after the five minutes interval which then occurred, Mr. P. B. Brett, J.P., appeared before the curtain, accompanied by Mr. Fowler. The former then, on behalf of the hospital committee, desired to thank Mr. Fowler and his companion minstrels for the goodwill they had exhibited towards the institution, and the assistance they had most handsomely given to it. He then went on to say that since Jerilderie would soon have an hospital of its own, he hoped and trusted that Urana would return the compliment ere long, and do as it had been done by. Finally, he begged to thank Miss Culley for her kind assistance. Mr. Fowler then took up the running" and said that on behalf of himself and his fellow-minstrels he thanked the people of Urana, not merely for the kind welcottre they had given the troupe, but also for the largeness of the attendance at the entertainm«fflt With regard to this, he trusted that the audience would overlook any shortcomings on the part of the performers, and, crediting the latter with doing their best would ««take the wdl for the deed." Li conclusion, he desired to tender the thanks of himself and party lo Miss Culley for her very kind services. After this l e ^ ^ " Grandmother's Ghost," which brought the performance to an end to l°H° w ' no was lost in noMroja floor of the hall, the chairs being the Bt^e"° ttt way of ™ bowever-and the forms ranged along the walls About 11 p.m., all beinrSreparei fce intending votaries of Terpsichore WaTto floek in, and continued to do so till fully 100 people, male and female, had assembled. Before thu> Mnsnmmation had occurred, however, dauctte of Mr. P. Smith, the local M.C.; Mam * Ri„„ Vl „„ Trevilian, and Willian^ foSj the _ two former performing on the^viplin.and the iajit upon the piano, Mr. Simpson oocasionally adding to the harmony, by his performances on the concertina, of whiph instrument he seemed to have a thorough cbmmandl «» The fob grew "and txmtihfaisd ^01 ' fast and furious" till about jfi p.mv when there was a general break-up, those who meant ^o.distdngpish, themselves jn ttys.day'p c4qket.majtch "being. pepially anxious for rest. Afl the ieWe-ship at a ball is ever an iiniecided ^aestion, theije ^eing' generally as many opinions alp therpoa^e^indi- " viiuals, I will not try to distu$ this ^ettled un- - settlement on this present occasion, butwyi.leave , the matter alone. ...Ci: . ... o (As a supplement to what . I have .already . written about the cricket matel?, whipfe yoa will receive with this, I must take some notice of the . luncheon. This was provided by Mr. Welby, of the Orana Hotel, the. tables being lMd out ih l the large hall of that'building. AboUt 2 p m. some 60 individuals—minstrels, cricketerp, umpire), scorers, and others—sat down to an'ample spread of comestibles ; Mr. Anderson occupying the chair, Mr. H. A. Hill the vice-chair. When alt had-eaten and wete satisfied, the chairman proposed the health of the visitors in a.few wellchosen words. Mr. Fowler Replied in graceful tsfms; after which Mr. Anderson proposed "The Pifess, coupled with the name of Mr. poyte.". The latter gentleman havitig briefly replifed, the' tables were deserted, and a move was soon after, made to the field again. The Local Land Board, represented by Messrs. Watt and Baylis, commenced to sit here on the 15th, and did not conclude its business.fill .th&' 18th. Mr. Trollope," . Messrs. .^Fosfjeijjr and' Mieyer, land agents, and" Mr. Wilkinson, Solicitor, were likewise in attendancie, together with' Messrs. Baraks and M'Phillamy, Irispecors "of Conditional Purchases. In the police court the following cased were ' adjudicated upon by Messrs. Baylis, P M., and Brett, J.P, viz :—J. Sorley v. ' Warren", ' work done, J£6 16s.; nonsuit, costs 6s. S&me; v. , same, money advanced, £4 Is. 9d.; norisjiit, costs 6s. W. Barwick v. A. Steadman, damage& £1 14s.; verdict for defendant, Ss. co&ts.; ' Sa!m6 ' v. Dominique Isbocker, board and lbdgihg, ,£9 18s. 6<L; verdict for defendant, costs. P. O. Gorman v. same, £1 16s, ; vewtict for plaintiff, costs 5s. ' Same v, J. Why- ' brow Cliff, goods sold; verdict fyr jidefehd⁢, : costs 5s. J. Sorley v. A. G. Warren, Wages'; 1 otder for £2 10s., costs 4s. lOd. ( On,the£7th L' Mr. BayliB granted the transfer of ib'e ^Idhonga Hotel from Jer. Costello to Thos. Berrigan,, „ I learn that Barwick's Greensgiiny^h' Hotel . was burned down on the iught of ,the I6tn— , how, I have not heard. 