/'«IRowIiet. STiiLlELLES A CHARMING LOVE STORY. OF /A'-j TENSE, AND THRILUNGJNtERESt.A -By LAURA JEAN LIBBEY.'1 ...CHAPTER XXXVII. .A. -STRUGGLE IN THE DEAD HOUR OF TBCE NIGHT. It was the most intense moment of'Inez Clayerinig's eventful life. GuyLivingston had turned and left her with those terrible ?words on liis lips-left her standiug.aloiie, Bp^eqhl.ess," powerless, spellbound, in the chilly blue night. - Y Round her the wind was whining and blustering.- Overhead the stars.- were burning golden; .The burnished clouds had gone.- No, sign of any human figure-' man or ghost-was near. Only the lir trees stretching down the desolate avenue, and at tfee far end, in the dimness, the high, white moon shining over the sleeping ?flowers.! ; With a weird cry, Inez sprang, forward. Never, no, never would she lend herself to such a scheme as Livingstone proposed. She had: not. sunk so low as that.- She would warn Max Forrester. She moved forward quickly toward%the housej but in her exciteinent turned ;iside from tlie. path. .Her foot caught in the entangling vines, and she was thrown violently; on i her facei .where, she lay motionless^ like one strikein dead. v ; An hour passed by, and in accordance withhi8promise, Guy Livingstonreturned; but, much to his surprise and anger, Inez Clavering.was not there. He did not seo the unconscious figure that lay so while and cold in the dense shadow of the firs. ? v : ."She is nothere,'' he muttered, with a fierce imprecation. "By.that I am to .understand she. will not aid me in this scheme. .Would she dare betray1 me to Forrester V > he - mused, with darkened, browi ' " There's no 'trusting a woman in. an affair of.thisldndi But it's a golden bit 'of luck that' occurs to a fellow only | once in a lifetime. No one shall stand between:me and.the' contents of that safe." . ' . > Again he turned on. his heel, and cau tiously approached the house. All was .silent within. Without there was only the sound of the night wind stir ring the:lea,ves,'OT distant chiming of some ' far-off clock striking the hour -of eleven. ? There was a light,in Max Forrester's room. He must wait a little. V ; ' , . It was quite an hour before the house was wrapped in a man tie of darkness. and; quiet reigned/ Then Livingstone, the trusted, servant, took alr.tck-key from his pocket,* inserted -it in the lock,'and the outer door swung noiselessly' back on its' hinges: ^ .... . \j Stealthily he crossed the dark, shadowy corridors, until he stood before the door of the small parlor connected with Mr. For rester's sleeping apartment, and in which was the iron safe. It was securely fastened from the inside^ and very deliberately the midnight mar auder set to work to unfasten it. ' At last he stood within the room.. Heavy velvet curtains shut out the gleam of the dark lantern he carried from the sleeping occupant of the chamber be- 1 yond. It was a long and laborious work open ing the iron safe, for .the combination of the lock, as he had understood it, seemed i incorrect. Other means had to be re ' sorted to, and great caution exercised.1 The clock in an adjacent tower struck one just as the heavy iron door flew back) noiselessly on its hinges. ' . j The first drawer, which was rifledjin a i single moment, contained only-a broken i flower, a small kid-glove, a woman's pic- i ture, set in a superb pearl and ebony i frame, and a lock of golden hair. | Livingston tossed them aside and opened I the next-. A quantity of papers and other j documents where here, of value to the] owner only.., j Patiently, one by one, each spectacle was gone through; but the large package of bank notes, the bag of gold and the Forrester diamonds, which were known to be kept here, were not to be found; a mut tured imprecation burst from his lips. Had Inez Olavering betrayed him 1- And how bad they been removed ? If bo, how did he know who might be watching him from the dark,;shadowy corners V . , He gave a guilty start, glancing fear fully around him, but no form sprang out from the dark shadows p reassured, he began his search anew, thinking that he had probably over-looked it in his haste. ' This happened to be the. case. In one of the small compartments to the left he found the coveted prize. In an instant he had grasped the large package of bank-notes. . _ Hark! What was that sound? Still clutching his booty, he leaned breathlessly forward, peering into the darkness beyond, then cautiously drew, the Blide from the dark lantern, flashing its rays on _the velvet' curtain that separated Max For rester's sleeping " apartment. . No face peered forth from them. He 'was safe enough from that quarter. None of the servants were likely to.be prowling abouc at that hour. . . Very intently he listened. Was it only his fancy,, or . was the sound repealed again ? So like a hushed moan of terrible pain, and a soft, rustling swish, as of some-. .thing being dragged over the velvet car pets-nearer, nearer. "What a fool I am to imagine such nonsense!" he muttered, turning " to the window to throw it open with one hand holding the package of notes in the other; but again he paused, listening in tently. ... . V . The strange sound was more distinct. He could feel, intuitively, another's pres ence in the room. : . Leaving the midnight intruder in thus position for a few moments, we will return to Inez Olavering, whom we left lying | unconscious in the dim shadow, of the For long hours she lay there, .with the night dew;'falling on her face and on her long dark curling.hair. ; _ Then slowly the bewildered eyes opened. , ;. , " Where, am I T' iHow came. I here ?. And what is the' matter with .me ?" sho moaned, pressing her hands to her throb bing temples. ? Like a' flash, suspended memory re turned to her, and all that'had happened fqreed its way through her bewildered brain. ? -; " How long had she been there lincon spiousf' ' Was it midnight yet ? Had Livingston come, and, not finding her there, put his terrible threat;into exe:. cution? . "As,these thoughts flashed through, her :brain .ihe clock iin ^the; .adjacent' steeple, strucli ".one.".' ^ » With a desperate cry, she .-.tried.: to; raise? herself to' her- feet,; but the excruciat ing pain of the effect almost made her swoon. ' "I will retrieve the pa3t by at least one good action,'' sho murmured, trying to drag herself toward the house. '' Only Heaven knew howshe Accomplished it, the pain was so intense. Only the sup pressed, moans that came'from the white lips now and then, releaved lier terrible agony. , ? With, bated breath, she crept past the i library, acrosB the long, dim corridors, to the; room where little Flo lay, dreaming in . all iier childish' innocence upon her little ?white bed. , ; ' ; Striving with mighty effort to over j come the swooning dizziness that threat i ericd to overcome her. step by step she made her way through the child's room, guided by the dim moonlight, to the door of the little parlor beyond which com municated with Max Forrester's' apart ments. . She meant to knock upon it, arouse him, and warn him of the attempt --at robbery which was to be made that night. As she touched the door, toiler terror and dismay it yielded to the slight pressure. He must have been there .before her. Great God! had the robbery already taken. ! place? As she crossed the threshold a sight met. her gaze that - froze V, the blood in her viens, and made her, heart -stop almost; beating. :. ' . ' She saw the safe door standing open and the figure of a man kneeling before it. - -.! .' The light from a ohink in the dark "lan tern fell upon his hands, and in one of tliem she sawalarge package of bauk-notea Max Forrester had but that day drawn from the Bank of England. She-tried to scream-out-to utter awild, ?piercing cry, but'the sound died away in her throat. , She clung to. the casement; her strang ling ; breath coming and going: in\fitful gasps. . ' ' A desperate resolution xiame;, to her; The power of speech seemed to have left her, but she would make her way to where the man stood and'grapple with him; The noise of the scruffle -would -arouse Max Forrester,, and she might pre vent the robbery at the.last moment, per haps. . . . , Slowly she dropped on her knees, drag ging1 herself slowly; f softly, despite her horrible pain; toward the man kneeling be fore the safe. One moment more, and she would be so near him she could clutch the hand thatVheld the notes ; then nothing but death ..should break her hold. 