GENERAL NEWS, Mutual Improvement.—The Mount Barker Institute Literary Society held its usual meeting on Friday evening, when an excellent programme was presented to a very small audience. The chair was occupied by Mr. L. von Doussa, and, after three new members had been admitted, short papers were read by Messrs. F. Chapman, A. E. Leaney, a.nd_JVl. JT. Skipper. The first gave,. an interesting scene from lijs coBtinentul travel (an ascent of Mount Vesuvius), which was all the m.ore_..higlily .appreciated because tlic experieiu«')iad been actually gone through by the writer; Mr. Leaney read a spritely paper on a cricket-trip to the South-Easr, and proved. _ in it that lie had gone about with, his eyes open; while Mr. Skipper wrote an historical paper on Gladstone's political career, making special reference to his attitude in respect to Ireland. At the close of the proceedings'* votes of thanks were accorded to essa3'ists and - chairman,- the meeting being adjourned till Thursday next (November 8th), when the ficv. J. A. Burns will open a discussion by affirming that phrenology is a science. If the society is to have vigorous and useful life, those gentlemen who so enthusiastically entered its ranks at the beginning must be more regular in their attendance. A large mcmbers'-roll is no help to an institution of this kind unless it is allied to full gatherings, either to hearten the essayist or otherwise to - assist in the programme. Sanitary Matters. — Mr, : Chairman . Stephenson states that a communication from the. Government, suggesting that the Mount Barker Couneil should postpone the gazetting of its health regulations ..until arrangements— then pending to reduce the cost bad been completed, is' the'cause- of tlie delay in-* enforcing the orders of the Central Board. * Here and there arc nuisances which needr" attention, and ifthp exaggerated rejjort.of ... Mr. Furrcll hastens their aboliriori lfWill tlb substantial good. . According to, yesterday's Segister "the Chief Inspector reported having visited Mount Barker and Nairne districts to ascertain whether the request of -his Board forwarded to the Local 'Boards of Health iu : March last for abatement of nuisances then existing had been complied with. He found at Mount Barker' filiat uoticos .were issued for .the abatement of,the nuisances,' but us the "Local Board had'not appointed a Sanitary Inspector no subsequent: steps were taken to ascertain whether tlm., notices had been obeyed; -The Chief Inspector's!' last visit disclosed the fact that in only three,; cases had the former nuisances been removed. ; -No action bnd -hrr.n taken to mitigate the danger pointed out tri the Chief Inspector's former report, in respect In Mount Barker Flat, of Che pollution of wells bysoafcage from privy cesspools and closets of which liaye neither cesspools nor receptacles for 'excre ment. Piggeries are still in a neglected and offensive condition, and at Littlelmmpton (in the district of Mount Barker) a similar state of things exists. The 'slaughterplace there was in a very offensive condition, and com plaints were made t.o the Chief Inspector of a frequently recurring nuisance Caused by the boiling of offal on the premises. The action of tbe Nairne Local Board presented a striking Contrast to thai of Mount Barker.- A Sanitary inspector lias been appointed, by-ltivs have been adopted, a notice-book and a book in which is recorded every'inspection made have been provided; a house-to-house inspection throughout the district is being made; thirty-two notices for abatement of .nuisances have been issued, and of these thirty-one have already been complied with. It Was clear to the Chief Inspector that the Nairne Local Board is discharging its duties in an efficient manner. The Board directed that copies of the reports be sent to the respective Local Boards, and that the Mount Barker Board be informed thai, if it continues to neglect its •dut ies this Board will be compelled t-o exercise "its authority tinder clauses 213 and 244 of the District Councils Act of 1887." Meteorological. —-The following items of information concerning last month's weather at Mount Barker- have been supplied by-the local postmaster (Mr. W. Rossi) :—The rainfa J] dnriilg October wag 0520 inch on four days as against 2'689 inches on ten days in t he corresponding month of last year. The rainfall for _the ten mouths was 24'675 inches on 90 days in comparison with 3L'385 inches on 121 days in the like period-of 1887. Mr. Todd's observations extending over a quarter of a century show that the average October rainfaiL of Mount Barker has been 2 692 inches, while the mean record lor ten months is 26 962 inches. The highest shade temperature last month was 89 degrees on -the 22nd (Monday) s the lowest 32'2 degrees on tlic night of Tuesday, the 9th. Interesting to District Councils.—: The Border Town correspondent of the Naracooi-tc Herald writes on October 20: — At the last local court here the great appeal case, Smith e. Tatiara District Council, which was looked on as a test case as to whether buildings occupied by railway officials and riWned by the Railway Board were liable to be assessed by district councils or not, ended in a pure fiasco. The question at. issue is briefly this The stationmaster at Wolseley , occupies as a residence a house in the town ship of Wolselcy outside the railway boun daries but owued by the Railway Board. This' house and land were assessed' by the Tatiara District Council at a certain sum, and Mr. Smith, the stationmastcr, appealed. At the sitting of the -Council, as a court of appeal, the assessment was confirmed. What •follows? The Crown Solicitor carries the -case into the local court, and when the action is to be heard and the plaintiff is called on, " No appearance, your Worship!" is the •"announcement of the crier of the court. Mr. Haekett, wtio appeared for the Council, characterized this as mere vexatious litigation and asked that substantial costs should be awarded, and 'the Bench. coucu.rri.tlg in this view confirmed the assessment and gare six ^guineas costs against appellant. A Young Disciple. —This paragraph is taken from the latest issue of tbe Adelaide Wesleyan Weekly:—During Bro. Kendrew's evangelistic mission at Mount Barker, a few months ago, a children's service was held in the Sabbath-school, when about 30 remained behind as an expression of their desire to give themselves to Christ. Among these was Ida Murray, the little daughter of one of out tnost respected-townsmen. From that time she met weekly in the junior class held by the minister of -this circuit, until prevented by an approaching illness, which for some time was not considered likely to be serious. However, alarming symptoms developed vapidly, and on Friday, October 5, ai -the age of 13, she passed away. B living the last few days the suffering -was intense; but conscious, and without a tear, she sang sweetly the hymns Learned in the Sabbath-school,- and gave testimony m other ways to tier faith in Jesus, aiiri her •confidence that she was going to be With Him. The hymns " Just as t am," " Thy will be done," " Tiiere'H be no more sorrow there," "Tie wipes the tear from every eye," were among those she used. When*sorrowing parents and friends gathered around her they were bidden "not to cry, for she was going heme ; and 'towards the end she saw, as those who die in the Lord arc permitted to see, heavenly sight s, and heard voices inviting her aWay. Her last audible words were, "Let nie go ; let me -go?' The pain of parting has "been keenly felt by our deat friends, but the *God of all consolation has stood by them in the day of trial. On Sunday, October 7, the teachers and scholars of the Sunday-school Assembled and, after singing two of the favorite hymns of their departed friend, "accompanied the very large funeral procession to Blakiston Cemetery, where dear Ida was laid, according to her own express desire, by the side of loved ones who had gone before. The so-called Desert.—Our Wellington correspondent writes on October 30tli': - Gonsiderable amusement, if not instruction, lias been a'fforded here in "reading the debates on the Laud Bill in the House of Assembly, -especially when the Ninety-mile Desert was referred to by various in- inbers. Opposition to selection before survey is inexplicable. No confusion could occur in the Land Office supposing that system were adopted, as applicants, "although they peg out tbe land which tlicy desire to occupy, have to deposit with the Land Board the fees for its survey by a Government officer, and unless they do so their application will not be considered by 'the Land Board. Tf that system of selection wcrc-c.cce.ded to in tiie desert, only the better portions of tbe land would be applied for at -first, and, as only competent surveyors would :-be employed, so overlapping could possibly occur.,.. Aftcrivurds inferior- land in the Vicinity of selections granted could be mapped out in the survey office, the points being already fixed. Although it appears that officers -of tire survey department are opposed to selection before survey, a considerable amount of land in "this district near the lakes and the river were mapped out in blocks in the survey office tmder a former ministry, in which Mr. Catt was unfortunately Minister of OroWn Lands, and doubtless at his request. * These blocks were then let to various large landholders at a very low rental. No coin known to BrftiBli •commerce can be found small enough in value \- to represent the rates per acre. Considerable portions of land in the desert, if let on lease at as k>w a rental as the land referred to above, with right of purchase at from 5s. to 10s. per acre, would gradually be taken up. The dread of some members that the eyes of the desert would be picked out is a ghost without a substance, as there are no spots that have a fertile appearance, although laid similar in character "in the hundred of Mobilong and other scrub hundreds hare in some years produced crops up to and over 20 bushels per acre after being cleared and lying fallow for a -season. I have been over many millions of acres in the desert, and the only natural waters that I have come across are two—viz., at Baan, on the Yarnawarra run, and at the scorpiun-well near Pineroo. Large portions, -of land in the desert would, I think, if cleared and fallowed produce very fair crops of barley or Cape oats. As officers of the survey department arc not, very busy just now, it would be well if a few blazelmes were cut, running parallel to the intercolonial railway, about live miles apart, and through to the Border. If thjfi, were done it would con siderably help intending selectors in examining tnc whole country, and no doubt a considerable -quantity of land would be applied for* Presbyterianism.—The anniversary of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Woodside, was celebrated cu Sunday, October 21, and Friday. October 25. On the Sabbath *Mr. Anderson from Adelaide discoursed to full congregations, including the representatives of ot her local churches, which were dosed morn ing and evening. Tbe usual tea meeting "Was held in the Institute Hall afternoon'following, at which the tables "were presided over by lad y members of "the con- j gregation, the dainties supplied being duly appreciated,by ft latge cumber of friends and visitors. In the ..evening a highly creditable ; entertainment was provided in the 6atnC * building under the superintendence of the Rev. J". A. Burns, Moderator of QnuapAringa Presbytery. The programme consisted of overtures by. Dr. and; Miss Esau aud Miss Bleeser, songs, duets,* &c.;, Miss Macbean, Misses - £sau, Grace Tteglohn, and Minnie Bock; also contributions by Messrs. Thrupp, Ryder, and Mr. Jas Hardy.' Recitations by j Mr. P. JolinBon and Mr. Thrupp were well reeeired. Several.enebres were responded tg. j Miss Esau-Ahd Miss Macbean rendered their, pieces in~2£tpital style. Mrs/Kennedy played most of the accompaniments during the eve ning. The chairman made a few appropriate j remarks, apologising for the absence of Mr. Kennedy^ who wus.expected,to hate rendered.' valuable assistance. On the motion of Mr. James Johnstone, J.P., a comprehensive vote j of thanks was accorded to the ladies and friends assisting. A like compliment was paid to the chairman on the proposition of j Mr. R. Caldwell, M.P. The attendance at the meeting was good and appreciative." All through tbe anniversary may be considered ■: highly successful, the only cause for regret being the absence of the locum tenens pastor j of the church, the Rev. James White (late of ] Calitornia), through illness. Scholastic.—From the October number of the Education Gazelle the following items or interest to this district are taken t—Messrs, C. W. Colman (Encounter Bay), Haveker, J.P. (Mount Pleasant), K,.D," Davenport and \\\y. J. Tucker (Strathalbyn), are appointed members of school boards of advice. Teaching appointments are : —Hannah Cleggett,. head mistress,,Echunga Diggings; Win. Henry Osborne, head master, Eden Valley; Isabella Silbbe, assistant second grade, third year, Mount Barker; Mary Chrystal,. temporary assistant, Goolwa; A ice Maud Mary Lowe, provisional teacher, Flailgy; Florence.Maria Maefarlan, provisional teacher, Blackwood Gully; Jane Vockins,. provisional teacher, Monarto; Patrick William Francis, provis ional . .teacher, . Murdoch's Hill; Marion Wilson, pupil teacher, Uraidla. The Minister of Education approves of the use of Bugle Ranges school for Anglican services, and that at Mount Barker "Springs -for undenomina tional Sunday school. Successful pupil teachers areClass I. —Clara A. Bottrill, Kang&riBa;, eighth .in otder of merit; class II.—Adelaide II. G. Pellew, Norton's Sum mit, second in order of merit; William J. | Adey, Milbrook ; first year, class II.—Emma i M. Kimber, Aldinga, second in order" of merit; 6econd year, class I.—George A. Morphett, Clarendon, first in order of merit ; Johann Pi* A. Rummnick, Lobethal. eighth; Class IT,—Walter Buchanan, Yankalilla, ; tenth.; Martha H. Liebing, Redhill, seven- teenth j third year, class f.—Catherine M. Moloney, Kangftrilla, seventh ; class II.— Robert W. Tayler, Oakbank, first; Charles J. W. Mnndy, Houghton, thirteenth ; Robert G. Alexander, Woodside; fourtli year, class I.—Elisabeth F. S, Tuck, Norton's Summit, second 5 class IL—Mary French, Strathalbyn, eighth ; Mary 8. Graham, Strathalbyn, twelfth ; Prudence L. Goodwin, Port Victor. Of 242 candidates who presented themselves «. third (84) failed. Granite.—Our correspondent at Welling- ton writes:—In the vicinities of Binney's Lookout and Coonalpyn there" are large quantities of granite rocks and also of loose boulders of better quality than that found in the Encounter Bay district or on the Murray river, being finer grained ; and, as granite seems to be more highly valued for building and constructing purposes in the colonies than it was a few years since, perhaps a large trade in that article will be done soon. If so, employment would be found for settlers in the vicinities where the article is to be found. Australian granite appears to be coming into repute, and deservedly so. The contractors building the bridge across the Yarra near Melbourne Were unable to obtain from .Europe blocks of granite required on that work, but they succeeded in getting thein from the quarry near Xyneton ; and it is probable that large Mocks could he obtained from our own quarries if they were opened and properly developed; possibly even as large as those Used in the construction of the bridge referred to—17 tons'in the rough. It is said that] blocks 120 ft. long and 30 ft. square can be District Wool.—The superiority of the wool grown in the hills was again proved last week, when Elder, Smith, & Co. had the satisfaction of topping the market for greasy wool, a line of Mr. T-. S. Porter's fine cross bred, grown at O'Halloran Hill, making 9fd., which is the highest price obtained here this year to date for greasy wools. Among the sales of district wool by that firm on Tuesday week were;—For Mr. T. S. Porter, O'Halloran Hill, 9 bales fine crossbred at 9|d.; 28 bales, for Mr. W. Jackson, Meningie, sold at 8d.; 50 baleB of Book Purneng Wool, from the River Murray, grown by Mr. A. B. Murray, sold at ?£d.; 7 bales merino, for Mr. J. Kemp, Rhynie, said at 7¾d.; 33 bales, for Messrs. F. and G. Rathjen, Palmer, at 7fd., lambs sell ing at 6Id. By another firm 3 bales branded , TC over H (from Harrogate) brought 8d. per lb. A third firm report (October 25) —Ten bales greasy merino ewes, marked P. McA, from near Langhorne's Greek, sold at 7#d.; 4 bales lambs atfid. per lb.; 10 bates merino from near Caurnamont, River Murray, mai'ked DOB, sold at 7$d.; G. Davidson's crossbred wool from Angus Plains sold at8(d. per lb., the merino selling at 7|d. per lb.; 7 bales from Palmer, GW over P, brought 7id. per lb."; Mr. Checkers merino wool, from near Gumeracha, realized 8d. per lb.; Mr. Atkin son's crossbred, from near Willunga, brought 7fcL to 8Jd- per lb., the lambs selling at Gid. per ib. j S. Strout's greasy crossbred, from Willunga, at Sjd. per ib.; F. C. Culley's crossbred, from same district, also brought 8Jd. per lb.; the merino 7Jd. Elder, Smith, & Co., Limited, report on October 30-:—The highest price obtained was 9fd. for some nice, fine, light "crosshreds grown by Mr. Edward Kelly, Cudiee Greek, and 9d. was paid for 14 bales of the same description, on account of-Mr. W. Pcarce, Point Sturt; 3 bales for Mr.'J". D. Perry, Hindroarsh Island, at 7Jd.; 14 bales ' for Hon. J. Rankine, llindmarsh Island,-at 8d.; 6 bales for Mr. A. F. Gchrike, Callingtou, at 8|d.; 3 bales merino for Mr. J. Wegener, -Mount- Pleasant, at 8d. ; 10 bales for Mr. J. H. Groth, Rhine Villa, at 7«d.; 10 bales for Mr. A. W. Bowden, Rhynie, at 8Jd.; 26 bales for Mr. R. Godfree, Mount Pleasant, at 7d.; 9 bales for Mr. F. Herbig, Springton, at 7%d.; Allan McFariane, 100 bales at 5d. On October 31 -a firm sold on account Smith, 6 baleB crossbred, grown near . the Lakes, at 8|d , the Merino arid Lincoln 6|d. and 6jd. respectively, and lambs 5&d.; per lb.; Messrs. Morphett Brothers' dip, from Wood's Point, sold at 8|d. for qu&rter- bted;, 8id. for ; comeback, 7fd per lb. for crossbred, and 6)<5. for Meri&o;, the pieces and lambs bringing 5(d. aud 4|d. per lb. respectively ; 5 bales crossbred branded EY over X, near Nairne, sold at 8£d. Neither trickery noreompetSUon has been able to affect the reputation of WouVfi Schnapps. 