BACK FROM THE GRAVE. I was quite certain that I had heard of old Uncle Josiah Bodfish's death and burial, and when I met him eoming oat of a lawyer's office and looking rather mora belligerent than usual it gave me a bit of a start and a " creepy " feeling up and down my spine. But it was Josiah, sure as could be, and there was nothing ghostly in his appearance. I asked him how he came to be still extant in such an irregular way, and he told me all about it. " So you thought I was snuffed out, did you ? That's a good one on you; but, then, I don't know's I can blame you, seeing my my own folks 'lowed I was a cadaver. I've got a lawsuit with 'em about it. They had me taken up by a constable for disturbing the peace, and that's what I'am lawiu' about. I'm out on bail now. It's a peculiar case, and if I had a mind to take it to the Soopreine Court I could knock 'em on the question whether a man who has been buried can be legally prosecuted. You know them spells I have. When I get one I'm liable to plumb out o' my senses for hours, and I'am a little nervous about 'em sometimes. If anybody tells you it isn't nothing but whisky, you call him a liar, and I'll back you up. You know I'm not intemperate, and you never saw me take anything between drinks in your life. Mebbe you've noticed that me and the old woman don't hitch very welL Yes, I thought so. Some folks has a habit o' noticing other folks' doiu's. Well, it's all owin* to Deacon Sliderback's talking too goldarned much interest in the spiritual welfare of my family. My old woman's been so pious, I've been a little fearsome that she might get too anxious to have me jine the heavenly choir and plant me if I happened to have a real bad spell and not come to as spry as common." I suggested to Uncle Josiah that he couldn't be buried without a physician's certificate that he was dead. " That's another point," he replied. "Dr. Pilbolus don't like me enough to hurt since I put a little job on him, and I kinder Euspected would play a practical joke on me if he got a chance in a professional way. I don't believe the authorities would want a certificate anyway if they knew Pilbolus had anything to do with the case. They'd consider that reasonable ground to suppose that the patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb. If you don't want to be slammed into a coffin and sent kiting to glory before your time, don't you have Pilbolus. He's a quack, sure. I'd been thinking over what might happen, and I had a talk with the undertaker who'does all my burying, and we fixed the thing up between us—had a telephone put in the family vault and all that sort of thing, you know. Going to have the whole racket patented next week. " Well, it seems I got full or had a spell last Saturday night, and the next thing I knew I woke up m the dark feeling mighty queer. Smelt like a funeral— tuber-roses and dead leaves and carbolic acid, you know. I thought I'd get up and see who was dead, but the first break I made I bumped my head against something hard. Then I felt around and found I was boxed in, and I concluded it was my own funeral I felt. So I just kicked the lid off, sat up in the coffin fished a match out of my vest-pocket, and took a look around. I recognized the place by the inscriptions to memories of my first three wives and a maiden aunt, and it made me feel sort of blue to think how near I had come to being reunited with the whole gang at one lick. "You can imagine how a man would feel to find himself stowed on the top shelf of a tomb in such company, and read his own epitaph on the plate by the light of a brimstone match. I felt in my coattail pocket and found a flask of brandy, which showed that the undertaker was a man of his word, and partially restored my confidence in human nature. I was powerfully relieved to find that I was not yet in Heaven with my sainted late female relatives, and with devout gratitude I emptied the flask and returned thanks to a merciful Providence, vowing that I would make a total wreck of that Pilbolus as soon as ever I should get out. I felt sorry, though that I hadn't told the undertaker, to fill the chinks between my remains and the coffin with sandwitches. Then I climbed down, after ripping the coffin-plate off and putting it in my pocket as evidence. I noticed that I was in my stocking feet, and that the pld woman had put on the remains a pair of hose all worn out at the heels. I s'pose she thought be cause the heels of the Ibte lamented were down when bis toes where turned up, that the holes wouldn't be noticed. That's the kind'of a woman, she is. found the telephone, King up the office, and told *e«n to send the sexton to letme out. Then I says, 'Hello, Cehtral.' ' Hello/says Central. . 'Connect the late Josiah Bodfieh> tomb 36, with his widow, No. 1001/ says I." Uncle Josiah did not mean that he had gone Solomon one better; the number of his telephone was 1,001. "jThe line was switched on, and I was just going to send a doleful sound from the tomb to comfort my sorrowing family and save 'em the trouble of going to a mediam to find out how I was enjoying the climate of the sweet by- and-by, when I thought I heard a familiar voice. Brushing n spray of withered smilax from my left ear, I listened and heard Deacon Silberbeck say as plain as conld be: ' The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, Sister Bodfish, and everything for the best.' She allowed it was, and I couldn't detect anything tut the cheerfulest kind of resignation in her voice. Then the Deacon said: 'Brother Josiah had bis faults, Si6ter Bodfish.' Tken I heard her say ehe should smile, and I thought the hilarity was a little previous. 'I suppose it was drink that killed him V said the Deacon, and she allowed it was, and went on with a whole lot of stuff, winding up with : ' Thank goodness, there won't be any more pink snakes with blue tails in those shoes over there by the comer.'" " I stopped to finishwhat there was in the bottom of the flask, and then I heatd the Deacon say: ' Now that the snakes have been driven from those shoes, sister Bodfish, may I hope to step into them some day?' Nice way of proposing, that was. Well, that settled it. I just groaned through the telephone like an insulted ghost. The 6exton came along -then and let me out, and I -lit cut for home on the jump. When I walked into the parlour, where the gas. was burning low, dressed tip in my beBt black coat, split np the back by the man who had laid me out, andtcrsB&d; that coffin-plate into the old woman's lap, right where the deacon could read it, you bet thefe was a circiis. Some folks might call it a disturbance of the peace. I put on those shoes and introduced the deacon to 'eirij snakes and all. That's what th'6 lawsuit is about. I'm'going to knock smbke out of Pilbolus when I see him, and I s'pose that'll make more la wing for inb.But 'I'll get a divorce and a patent, on ;tny premature hiirial outfit, and then I guessFll be square.— Chicago ledger. 