THE WEAKER VESSEL. ; A NOVEL. J1Y DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. Author of "Joseph's Coat," "Rainbow Gold," " Aunt Rachel, " &c.; Chapter XIX. My commanding ofliccr and colleague was Air. Alexander Macllray. Our office was tip four pairs of stairs.in the Rue dc la Paix. It has very pronouncedly blossomed out sinco then, and nowadays its gilded signboard is visible from half-wav down the Boulevard des C'apucines; but at that time we were humble, and even a little Bohemian in our ways and aspect. Journalism has grown of late years into a recognised profession. One feels, insetting that statement upon paper, guilty of an actual banality ; nnd yet, as I remember the business a quarter of a century back, it was very littlo of a recognised profession at all, and avast number of its followers were linrum-scnrum, clever, sociable, lovable and good-for- nothing people, who dressed as it pleased them, drank habitu ally more- than was good for them, kept the insancst hours, and generally conducted them-, solves as though they knew they were out side the claims and privileges of ordinary society. I. mil of a staid and sober turn of mind, and never cared greatly for the wilder sort of revelry ; but 1 look hack with an affectionate regret to some of the old times mid scenes'aml many of the lost faces. I dare say I am getting to bo an old fogey ; but I look round in vain amongst the begloved, tall-hatteil, froek- coated contingent1 :of to-day for. the merriment, the jollity, the ' good-fellowship, the open- handedness, which went along with the ram shackle life, the billycock ' hat,- and the smoke- scented jacket. There never was a . personage in this world less Bohemian than Mr. Alexander Macllray. He was a particularly respectable Scot, who dressed uniformly in- black, and whose gloves and linen were always perfectly clean and or derly. He seemed never to go anywhere unless called thither by affairs, and he lived without frieiuls or. acquaintances outside his business. He was by 110 means an ungcninl little man, but he was always occupied, out of the hours of actual work, m "getting his tools together," as he phrased -it. " The besiness of a journalist, Mr. Denliam, is to know everything that is to be known. Univairsal knowledge is perhaps cmpossible, is, ill fact, cmpossible, fr tlic ciidiridtial, but the mere . truth that a theng is - cmpossible lias no right to debar a man from attempting it. Get your tools in order, Mr. Denham. Know everything that ye can lay your mental baud upon." He broke out on me with this before I had known Jiim for a week, and repeated it con stantly- 'with miction; and sometimes with, a startling nil" of originality, as if tiie thought had just occurred to him nml ho ivas in haste to express it before' it- vanished. He had im odd way" of expressing sympathy and a sonso of companionship. Sometimes wheii wo had been sitting silent for an -hour or more, each engaged iu his own task, he would push his work aside, and gazing at me in a friendly fashion -through his gold-rimmed glasses, would smooth liis red hair with both hands nnd say "Ay, ay, Air.' Denhnm ! Ay, ay, la'd ! Ay, ay ! in a tone of cheerful certainty and conviction/ Then lie would turn to. again at his task' of getting his tools - together. I suppose lio got too many tools together, aiul co fillet! his mental workshop thiit he had ho room to movo about in it. Ho himself did next to nothing with tlio paraphernnlia lie collected. He used to remind me. sometimes, of some imagin able frantioally generous ironmonger, who kept a xnodigious stock of every sort of implement for ovcry trado beneath tlie skies, knew tho practical handling of liotme of thein, and gavo' away liis stock all day among the passers by. . I got to' havo a - superstitious belief in Air. Alaellray's" omniscience. Ho was a walking cyclopaedia. I bepuzzled myself with problems for his puzzlement, and- never, caught liim: People ' who have not met this. sort , of man hardly know how to believe in jiini. One .would have thought that nothing less than a lifetime would havo served a man to learn Paris, for instance, as Macllray knew it. ' ' AVhen I first came to this cctty I med up my mind tliat it was my duty to know it. So I just set myself down in tho maddlo of it, nnd obsairveil. Then sir, in a while I began to radiate. Now, as a mntter of fact and experi ence, it's not that easy to radiate as y« might fanoy. Ye want a heap of preliminary know ledge. I'm thenking that if a mnn began his denner with his cheese, and worked back his way to the soup, he'd find liis digestive organs getting out of order in a whilie. There's a way of absorbing a cctty or a subject just as there's a way of absorbing your denner, anil ef you tnko the wrong ye're like to find yourself bothered by a speretual endigestion." In spite of this admirable exordium I found when I camo to try liim that ho had formulated no scheme at all for tiie absorption of subject or city. Ho used to stand in that overcrowded warehouse of his, and survey his tools with Published by special arrangements with tile author. All rights reserved. a constant satisfaction, and used to Inv down philosophical theories beyond counting 'for' the increase of his armory, and at first I nscil to wait for the announcement ofsomo 'great task some herculean feat of letters or of jdtirliifig in which he lmil set himself angle handed. % The revelation never came.— » \ He was a simple/minded little ifian,»iii spite/ of all his learning, ainbhe had\a boyish crithu-/ siasm of admiration for faculties' which >y 'oiitf side liis own range; -He could- fWv "oift, measureless, upon paper.-not m a -stwain v/iiich went anywhere, but in a korp o 'bog of mingled thought and fact over whiolnio man conh! travel ilrysbod. But to get the gist of a thing in side tho journalistic nutshell was altogether impossible for him, and sinco I was not long in perceiving the necessity of the trick, and speedily acquired the knack itself, he used to admire me in a way so candid and open that I blushed before liim. - "Ay, lad !'? lie would say, "ye have- but to got your tools together, anil yo'lf make a work- ' man.-' Then ho would go to Itis owir labors, or dive into the packed intricacies' of liis inward storehouse, and would emerge nil hour Inlet with a cheerful "Ay, ay, Air. Denham ! Av, ay, !. ' Es 'f I had said somcthmg to elicit Ins most cordial sympathies. He worked up four pairs of stairs in the Rno do la 1'aix, and ho lived up six pairs of stairs in an eminently respectable boarding-house in the Boulevard Haussniann. As I got to be more and more intimate with him lie took vciy kindly to mc, but it was a week or tivo.after the rccop- . tion of Clara s letter that I paid my first visit ' to his quarters. I had begun to - think that we should never come to an end of the stairs, when he paused upon tho sixth lauding and throw open the door which led to a tolerably spacious " and very orderly apartment. His bed was smigly tucKoa away in one corner, ami «ur" rounded by a sccecn, and a great bookcase filled the opposite wall from lloor to coiling. There was not one volume of mere entertainment on its shelves, but there were grammars and dictionaries, atlases and gazetteers, dictionaries of bioirvanhics nml rlnfMj line Ii/imixsI -a the Entr'acte, cobwehheil all over with short hand criticisms of performances, volumes of history, by the hundred, works on chemistry, metallurgy, conchology, ami on the lower shelves a battalion of encyclopedias. . "Hero aro tiie tools for a journalist, Air. Denham,-' lie said, with a subdued pride, as Ik saw me examining bis books. "Get tlio con tents of those pages well into your mind, and there is no department of human effort into the confederation whereof ye will not be prepared tc enter." - I suggested that tile tools were there, and that it might suffice to take them down as they wore wanted, but this scorned positively to shockAIncIlray. "Xcnni, lad!" lie exclaimed warmly. There s nothing that a man can call his own m this wide wnrld but that which is packed away in the head and the soul of him. Carry your weapons about with ye, and then no man can catch y'unnrmed at any moment." I persisted in thinking that if a man would carry about with him arms chough for fifty . peoplo ho might find hiinseif embarrassed in a elmnce conflict which came suddenly upon him, but if my theories had been very kohmoors of iractice it was too late to present them to ffacllray. I liked the simple hearted, prim spoken little hook worm very warmly, and ha returned my liking. So we got on admirably together, and not unfrequently I spent my evenings in his room. He gave mo to understand, in a very friendly way, thai I was to regard my first introduction there as a standing invita tion. . "The place, such as it is, . Air.- Denlinm, io - open to ye. AVcthin its compass I can say for it that ye'll find nu more useful mass o'hiiowlcdgo - " than ye see collected here. Ef over ye're pass ing this way with an hour to spare and ; ye want to refresh your mind ye'll just walk, upstairs as - ef the place belonged to ye, whether I'm en or out. I'll give word to tho coneiiryc below stairs to that effect." I accepted his cordial invitation, and in a little while tho house on . the Boulevard Ha liss- mann knew me almost as well as if I were nil inmate. The dny before which I was forbidden by maternal authority to visit Olara came "slowly nearer and moro near. The nearer, it grew, the more tho hours lagged to my impatient fancy, ; but at last I stood within four anil twenty lfours of starting. I had secured a two days' holiday, and in the afternoon — I remember that it was a ' Saturday, and a day of exceptional slackness— ; I visited Mr. Alacllray to talk over with him one or two matters which would havo to ho attended - to in my absenco for wliich: no-definite arrange- , nients had been made. AVe talked tilings over, nnd then: fell into some friendly discussion, so that I lingered for an hour or two. AVo were still in the full flush and glory ot the summer, but the staircases .of the honso were ilnrk in places, where the illumination which struck through certain glooriiy littlo skylights aiid portholes could not reach. I was half way down when I heard the silken rustle of ii dress below me, and made myself small to let tho wearer pass. She was in shadow, and a narrow stream of light, witli t ho motes dancing thickly in it, played across tlio dimness and half obliterated all objects which lay beyond it. I stood in a corner and waited for a second or two whilst the wearer oi tho silken dress camo at a very leisurely pace step by step along the stairs until all on a sudden, with such a shock as seemed to stop my heart, I- saw the. face of that dead wife of Pole s spring into the radiance shot across the staircase by' tho shikiug sun. Tho proud, hard,' disdainful - eyes blinked in tho ' sudden light, and the woman, seeing an instant later, that sonic ono stood by to make room for lier, gavo me a - - scornful; undiscoriiing glance from head to foot - arid went 'slowly by. If I had not booh supported by the wall I;l should havo fallen in the horror of ; my amazement. I heard the silken rustle anil" the . deliberate footstep paco the corridor above; and I. heard the click of tho haiullo of a door and'thon tho door itself slammed noisily. I do not know how, by any' art - of . words, to convey' to tho understanding of another — tlio sensations which assailed mo. I think tliat : - :>> amongst; tlio chief of them wis a swift and torriulo certainty that nothing .in tlio world, was real, and that I was 'somehow sunk' in tho - middle of an eternal emptiness of space. AVhon the first shook was over, I found that I was shaking from bond to foot, and that my faco anil hands'. wore - moist. My head was whirling so that tlio stairs were a kind of terror to inc. I olimlieil to the landing, and stood there awhile, striving to collect myself, nnd then, rather by instinct, as I thought afterwards, than because of any definite purpose in my mind, 1 went back to Alacllray's room. Tho sound of my own kuuokles as I tapped at the door and tlio brusquo imperativeness of his Enlrez in reply did something to dissipate the still linger ing senso of tlio general unreality of things. Alacllray told me afterwards tliat ho had never in his fife scon a face on which tho expression of pine horror was fixed so vividly. I can well behove that, in tlio memory of the reflection of my own expression which I saw in his. He darted at mc, and threw one arm about mc. "For all Kikes, man," lie demanded, "wliat's the matter? AVlieie is it? Are ycu i hurt?" He moved me to a cliair, and kneeling down beside me mssed liis hands over mc from head to foot with a rapid, skilful-feeling touch, like that of a practised surgeon. Then rising, and kecpiug a backward glance upon mc, he went Bwittly to a cupboard, and producing from it a bottle of cognac, poured out a winegiassful, and roturning, held it to my lips. I drank it eagorly, and the spirit burned like firo and Bet mo coughing. It steadied my nerves, however, and sot my heart at work again with a more healthful action. "Denham, my lad," said Macllray, standing over me, wineglass in hand, "ye look aa if ye'd $een a ghost." "I have," I answered. Ho stared at me in pure amazement. 1 c I'm a believer in many things, " he responded, 41 but I'm no believer in ghosts, until I can trap one for myself, and submit him to a chemical analysis, Just think it out, lad. What is it that a scared yc ?" I made a great effort and succeeded in pulling myself together. "I saw," I answered, "a minute ago, on the stairs outside, a woman over whose grave I stood more than three months back, I had the certifi cate of tjiat woman's death in my hands. I saw the tombstone erected on her grave. I myself gave tho necessary orders for it, and saw them carried out." "You're talking naturally enough," said Macllray, looking at mo with a shrewd inquiry. " Aro ye sure there's nothing ?M He tapped his forehead, "Eh?" " If," I answered, " I am not mad, or if— and I know better — I hare not been the victim of some wild hallucination, I have seen that woman. If she is an inmate of this house you cannot fail to have noticed her." "Tell me what she's like," he said. " Dark," I answered, "with level black eye brows and full red lip3. She lias a swarthy pallor, and she looks at you as if she would kill you if Bhe had the power. It's a haunting face. No man who lias seen it once and taken note of it could forget it. A cruel, proud, revengeful, self-disdainful face." "Ay man," he said, nodding at mo. " There's such a woman in the house. Madame Damal she calls herself. She's uncommonly lively in tho tornner for a woman that's been dead and buried. "Madame Damal?" I answered confusedly. " Docs she speak French ?" " Speak French?" repeated Macllray. "It's likely she would. »Shc's a Frenchwoman born and bred. It's licr native language. I suspect my lad, you've just been hit by some extraor dinary likeness. I confess," he went on as if he wished to soothe mo, "that I would not have thought that there had been two faces like that in the world. I thank my stars at least that I uevor saw another like it." " These are no two faces," I answered obsti nately, "that woman is alive." "Ay, ay," cried Macllray, half pettishly, " that woman is alive. But the dead one isn't. I don't like these uncanny fancios, and I'll just tell ye what we'll do, lad. It's donner time in half an hour." A bell clanged loudly through the house at this moment. " There's the warn- iug for it. Yell calm your nerves, and come down with me to denner. It happens, to my oft disturbance, that I sit opposite the lady. Yell have a chance for a good look at her, and yell sleep none the worse for being sure that you've been mistaken." I am half asliamed to say it, but I shrank from tins ordeal with an actual terror. I fought it down, however, and resolved that I would go through with it. Macllray fell into a reverie, from which he awoke with his accustomed ionorous watchword of sympathy and approval. "Ay, ay, Denliam ! Ay, ay, lad!" when the second bell rang. "Ye'rc all right now, lad? Ye're not going to make an exhibition of yourself?" he asked me as we wont downstairs together. I answered that he might rely upon me, and we Entered the dining-room. Maollray with a flourish of politeness introduced me to the lady of the house. "M. Denliam, won collcgue, qui sera tut de cc3 jours un homme remarqualle." This gave me something of a start, but I sus pected Macllray a moment later of a friendly intention to turn me from the contemplation of the one idea which filled my mind. He chat tered with more than common fluency to the landlady, and dragged me neck and heels into the conversation. AVe were amongst the first arrivals at table. By-and-by others came in, to the number of 20, and wo all sat down. Tho space opposite Mac llray was vacant, and remained vacant until tho fish was served. Then the woman whom I had Been upon the stairs came in and took her seat there. I experienced no new shock, but her face held me with an urgent fasoination, aud I tois compelled again and again, in spite of my- If, to peruse every feature of her face even when I had arrived at a fixed and rooted cer tainty. She spoke onco or twice in tho voice that I remembered, but with an accent so finished and natural that it would have been impossible to any one to whom the language had not hecn customary from infancy. Sometimes the intentness of my regard drew hers upon me, but bIio never gave me once the faintest sign of recognition. The cruel, self-despising, all-despising eyes looked straight into mine, and were withdrawn with all their old indifferent hauteur. Certain a9 I was of her identity, tho perfect indiffer ence of her manner shook me once or twice, and even when it made its weakest impression upon me served to sustain the tumult of my mind. The dinner might have lasted a year rather than an hour; but at length it was over. The ladies rose and moved away, The men settled down about the windows aiul lit their cigarettes. Macllray and I were left alone, and he drew nie by a gesture to the far end of the room. Standing there and looking upwards at a print, with his head critically on one 'side, as if he were examining it, he let fall a single word of ques tion — ""Well?" "That is the woman," Ire3pondcd. " Did she ever, know you," Macllray asked, "in the days before she died and got buried ?" "She knew me," I answered, "and had reason to remember me." " She's a very pretty actress in that case," he said. I had had. time to think this extraordinary matter over, and I had come to my own con elusions. "That woman," I said deliberately, laying a hand upon Macllrny's brenst and looking him calmly .in the face, "lias entered into a con spiracy with a little Jew solicitor in London to spread abroad the false intelligence of her own death, in ordor that her husband, whom she bates, shall be entrapped into contracting a marriage with another woman. Slio promised in my hearing to make his life a burden to him, and this is tho way in which she has chosen to make that promise good." I saw a change in his faco as I upolce, and I saw, though I could not tell why, that lie hail abandoned his mistrust. "Hold your tongue one moment, man," he said. " Don't speak to mc. Let me think. A Little Jew aolioitor? An ovordrcsaed man with vliito teeth. Ay, ay ! He's been here." " His name," I Raid, "was—" " Waft !" cried Maollray. " H13 name was " —I could seo him searching iu his own mind, And the light in his face told me that he had recalled it before he spoke the word — "Gold smith." "That is the man," I answered, "andthis woman U the wire, Heaveu help him, of my dearest friend !" Chapter XX. I reached London in tho grey of a dismal morning, and, carrying my portmanteau with me, mado my way on foot through the silent streoU towards Pole's chambors. So far as I remomber to havo noted, nothing whatever in the aspeot of the court was changed, and yet somohow all was changed. A difference had fallen upon everything, and tlio place had that look of unfamiliar familiarity which is the most damping and disheartening of all aspects to one who revisits old and well remembered scenes. The court was quiet and deserted, as was natural at that early hour. Tho gatekeopor slumbered in his sentry box, outside tho iron gate, and I passed through the door which led to Pole's rooms unnoticed. I could read through the half gloom of the passage tho white lotterB in which his name was inscribed upon the black paint of the door, and I stood inde terminately, not venturing to disturb the silence. I had spent a sleepless night and had been unhappy enough all the journey through. It was no light or pleasant task to have laid upon oneself — the task of pulling one's dearest friend's house of happiness down about liis cars. I set my portmanteau down stealthily, and sat down upon it for a time, resolved to wait. There was no use in disturbing Pole, no need to hasten the delivery of the dreadful intelligence I carried. But by-and-bye the singing silence of the staircase, the creaking noise Itlie old stairs made under the tread of invisible feet, and the uneasiness of my own mind got .the better of mo and made my continued watch there almost an impossibility. I stole down stairs quiotly, like a thief, to look at the door of my own old chambers. An oblong streak of black paint, fresher than the rest, obliterated my name, and over it was painted that of W. "Whitchouse. I shall never in the least know why, but I figured IV. "Whitchouse as a man in spatterdashes and a light waistcoat. He wore a white hat with a black band, and looked fast and rakish. In the absurdest vague way in the world this visionary Wiiiteliouse seemed to double the depressing influences which already rested upon me, aiul I stole silently down the c6urt again, and went back into Holborn. Signs of life were already visible there, and tho few passers-by had such an interest as one feels for strangers when living in a village. Everything was comfortless ; the long uubroken per spective of tho streets, tho white sky, the smokeless chimneys, the closed windows ot shops, like dead oyes with weights upon them to keep tho eyelids down. I was in a mood wretched enough to bo fantastic, and weary enough to bo irresponsible in fantasy. \ stood at a late coffee stall and drank a cup of coffee, and then went back to the outside of Pole's door. I waited there until I fell into a little dreamy dose and was awakened by the lauiuhes3, who came clanking up-stairs with a broom and pail. She stared to see mo, and I felt ashamed of being detected, as if I had been bound on some foolish or dishonorable en terprise. "La! Mr. Denliam," said the laundress, " whatever are you a doing here, sir ?" I told her I had not cared to disturb Pole at so early an hour and wa3 waiting for a more season able time to arrive. "Mr. Pole, sir,"shesaid,","Mr. Pole is in tho country. The gate i>orter's got his address, and sends liis letters to lum regular." This was a respite, after a fashion, and to a very slight degree I was unreasonably lifted by it. The news had none tho less to be told because of it, but the disclosure was delayed. If it had beon anyhow possible to delay it altogether it would have taken a dreadful weight from my mind, but that of course was altogether out of question. I determined to quarter myself upon Pole in his absence ; and the laundress, having admitted mc to his rooms, I made my toilet there, and then sat down to think out what I should do. I thought it out so successfully that in five minutes I fell fast asleep. It was high 110011 when I awoke, cramped from my strained posture in tlio arm ohairr My mind was cleared and strengthened by these few hours of repose, how ever; and when I had ascertained from tho gate keepor who was on duty for tho day, that Pole was staying at IVarborough Court, my own way lay quite plainly beforo me. I found that there was no train for tho "West of England until 6 o'clook, and since my only opportunity of seeing Clara had to be taken before that hour arrived, I started for Cromwell Tcrraco. Apart from rav di3covory I should have had nothing but good new3 aiul high liopo to carry with me, but that disoovory gave its own miserable color to overy thing iu my mind. I made a resolute endeavor to.Iook bright and cheerful, and deter mined that I would express nothing but the most hopeful sentiments. It would bo quito early enough for Mary Delamerc to know that this shadow had fallen upon her way when I could no longer hido the knowledge from her. At present she lived in a liappy blindness., and though site must needs soon bo rudely awakened to the truth. I was glad of every minute's delay. It appeared afterwards that Mr3. Grantley, Mary Delamerc, and Clara wero togethor at tho moment when my arrival was announced, and that Clara was at onoo for flying to meet mo, but that mamma laid restraining orders upon her. Tiie elder lady came iu alone aud received me, as I fancied, with a rather ioy kindness. "I liopo, Mr. Denliam," she said, "that you havo not been di33ipating in Pari3. You 'are not looking so well as you wero when you left London." . I tried to answer this implied accusation lightly, and feeling that tho attempt was a dismal, failure began to look awkwaid and probably a little- guilty; She. shook her head at ino sovorely, and said she was assurod that I had boon keeping abominable hours. I answered that I had travelled from Paris without pause, oiul was a little tired by tlio journoy. Sho shook her head onco tnoro with a doubtful aspect, "and drew her lips to an expression wlrioh niuiounced plainly that I was a melancholy oxample. This was so bad a beginning that I was sjniired to. make amendment for it, and I entered upon an account of my labors and suc cesses, which by-and-by became enthusiastic and carried some conviction with it. She relaxed a littlo, and after a quarter of au hour's talk, observing, doubtless my frequent and eager glances towards the door, she sailod away and despatched Clara to mc. Clara was not long in romarking that I was somehow changod aud depressed. Sho, unlike mamma, was confident that my sustained and heroic efforts in tho cause of lovo and letters wero answerable for my altered appearance. I must have been a poor dissembler, for in spito of all that I could do she found mo out in the first five minutes, and was convinced that something dreadful had bofallon mo. "You can't dony it, John," sho said, looking at mo with frightened oyes, and holding ono of my hands in both hor own. "Tel! mo what it is. You wicked boy ! you havo somehow been getting into trouble." That at least I could and did deny with a clear conscience. I painted my own prospocts iu tho rosiest tints, and did my painting with so hang-dog an air that she would hnve been lcsr« shrewd than I knew her to be If I had succeeded in deceiving her, "It is of no use to pretend with me," she told me. "You aro tho worst actor I ever saw in my life. There is something on your miud. I insist either that you shall lay your hand upon your heart and declare solemnly that you have nothing in the world to be annoyed or disturbed about, or that you shall tell me what it is." She said this with an admirable air of light ness and vivacity, but her oye3 were troubled, and sbe was very serious beneath her pre tence of comedy. I yielded so far as to tell her that I had very disturbing intelligence, though it in no way concerned my personal affairs. " In no way ?" she demanded. " If it doesn't concern you in any way, why should you bo disturbed by it? "It concerns mo only," I replied, " inasmuch as it must make others whom I value dearly very unhappy." Thoroupon I began to feel that it was a dread ful thing to find myself in the act of wishing that the news of anybody's death should be con firmed, or regretting that the intelligence 3hould be disproved. Yet there wa3 no dis guising it. In all honesty the news of that wretched woman's death had brought relief to everybody concerned with lier, and the certainty that the news was false would be the most dreadful blow that could possibly be inflicted upon two innocent people, who had never wished hor harm or tried to wrong lier. The common sense of the position was as clear as daylight, but the sentiment natural to the cir cumstances hung a veil before it. "You are bound to hear the news," I said gloomily at last, "and my only reasou for not telling it now is that I see no good in forestal ling trouble for some one else who would be sure to hear it from you." "Who do you mean ?" she asked me. "Promise me," I said, that you will keep the news to yourself, and that you will show no sign of it to anybody in this house." "In this house?" sho repeated. I nodded in answer, and she, seizing my arm nervously with both hands, looked at mc for a second or two in an alarmed perplexity. "You have bad new3 for Mary, she said then, with eyes suddenly widened with terror. "You have heard something about Mr. Pole. What is the matter with him?" " His wife," I answered, " 13 alive. I saw lier the night before last in Paris." Clara spraug to lier feet witli clasped hands, and a cry of dismay and terror. Beforo the words had well left my lips I had seen the handle of the door turn, and before I could make a sign to repress the ejaculation which burst from her lips the door opened and the 'surprised face of Diary Delnmere appeared at the en trance to tlio room. Clara heard the opening door, and, turning, made an impetuous move ment towards her friend. "What is it ?" cried Mis3 Dclamcre, advanc ing swiftly. Clara and I stood miserably silent before her, looking helplessly one at the other. Some sort of explanation was unescapable. "lam the bearer of strange nows," I said. " Clara was startled by it." To say that Clara was startled was but feobly to describe her condition. SJie had grown deathly pale, and so trembled from head to foot that she could hardly stand. Mary set an arm about lier waist, and led her to an arm- ohair, and there knelt beside her. "Give me a glas3 of water, Mr. Deuham," she said (quietly. "There is a carafe on the sideboard." I obeyed her, and Clara sipped the proffered water and dropped a tear or two into the tumbler. Then she handed the glass to mo with an ap pearance of. recovering her composure, and sud denly crowned my misery by bursting into tears with her arms about Mary's neck. " I think you had better leave us for a moment, Mr. Denliam," said Miss Delamerc, looking round upon mc with a glance of keen inquiry. " No ! " cried Clara. "You mustn't go away, John. You must stay here. I was surprised and shaken at first, but I am better now." Sho composed herself by an obvious effort and, em bracing Diary anew, begged her to leave the room for a minute or two. "John," sho said, "has brought very strange news indeed, if it should prove to be true. But it is not yet proved to be tmc, and I am not going to distress thoso who love me for what may be only a fancy. Go away, dear, for a littlo while, nnd let me find out whether I really have anything to be afraid of. You need not look that way at John, Diary." Sho tried to say this with an air of merriment, which threatened for a moment to result in hysteria. "It is no fault of his, even if the thing is true." She threw her arms about Bliss Dolamero again, aiul embraced her almost convulsively, Then she half led and half pushed hor from the room, and closing the door, turned towards me with a white but resolute face. "What do you know?" she a3kcd, twining her fingers hard together. "Tell me what you know, I told her in as few words a3 I could find of my visit to Macllray, my encounter with Mrs. Pole iqwn the staircase, and of her manner at tho dinner tabic. She was deeply impressed at first, but when I mentioned my own bewilder ment at tho change of name tho woman had adopted, and at the complete purity of her French accent, I could see Clara's faco brighten ing. " You havo been frightened by a resem blance," she said. "No," I answered, " the thing is only too certain." And I went on to tell of Maellmy's identification of tho little Jew solicitor. Her face fell again, and I saw that she shared my own certainty, though she strove to combat it. Sbo was evidently resolute to be calm and strong, though in spite of herself her voioc trembled as she spoke. " What are you going to do ?" she asked. "Iam going," I answered, "in the first place to telegraph to Paris to say that my - re turn to-morrow is impossible.- Next, I am going down by the the 6 o'clock train to Exeter I shall wire to Pole to meet me there. I shall tell him the story, and leave -him to act upon it as ho may bcc fit." " I suppose," she said, "he will see fit to go to Paris, but that woman, if she is really Mrs. Pole, is not likely to he in the samo house when you get there. Wire to your friend Dir. Macllray, and tell him to havo her movements watched. She would be at least as certain to know you as you were to know her. You did not disguise yourself by speaking an unexpected language." Now I had dono nothing but ohaseupnnddown iu iny own mind the sensible, necessary, and practical things to do, and yet it had never occurred to mc to think that the woman on whose identification everything depended might choose to complicate our difficulties by evading inouiry. Yet, directly the thought was sugges- teii to mo I saw that there wa3 nothing moro certain in tlio world. The chances against her lying thero waiting to bo caught wore a million to ono. I was for starting at onco to repair my stupidity as far as possible by a telegram to Macllray when Olara bade me wait a moment, and rang tho bell. "Wo will seo Dary togethor before you go," she said, with a Bell-possession which did hor Infinite credit in my eyes. "Sho will bo less likely to bo alarmed and disturbed if she knows that we have come to an understanding to do something, and if wc seem to put a bold front upon it to her. A day or two is not much, John, but 1 should value a day or two's ignorance if you and I were going to be parted." The maid, appearing in answer to the bell, was instructed to summon Miss Delamerc, and a minute lator Diary entered the room, Clara, who was by this timo quite mistress of herself, relieved me of the task of expla nation. "We have talked things over," she began, with her arm about the other's waist, and looking at licr with n smiling, mournful tenderness, "John lias brought very serious and surxirising news, but we are not yet certain that it is true. Wo can know all about it if wc exercise a little x>atieucc; and he is going to make inquiries." "If the news is bad news, dear," said Miss Delamerc, " I hope it may be contradicted. If it is very bad news I am sure yon bear it bravely, and I am sure you will bear it bravely, even should it prove to be true." "I should never bear trouble so well a.s you would," Clara answered. There was a meaning in her words for her aud me which could hardly be expected to reach Dliss Delamcrc's mind. "Wc must dismiss all thought of this," Clara continued, "until we hear decisively ; and you must promise not to ask any questions about it until I speak of it again. " The promise was given, and, as I knew afterwards, was kept, though one hears oc casionally of feminine curiosity, and there was probably enough here to excite it to consider able activity. I took iny leave almost at once, and went off to dispatch my telegrams. I delayed my message to Pole until I coulil lay hands upou a Bradshaw, and could find in its pages the name of an hotel in Exeter. I found what I wanted at an old-fashioned tavern where I made a pretence of dining. Then I sent off my message, making it as urgent as I could without expressing Pole's actual concern in the affair, ami took the evening express. 