OUR UNIVERSITY AND ITS AIMS. To-day the University of Adelaide holda its high day, and makes some attempt at reproducing on Australian soil the im posing spectacle of an academic commsmn. ration, such as is celebrated at the seats of learning in the mother country. The Council and the Senate will parade, and such of their members as are entitled to academic robeB will put them on ' for this occasion only,' and the two classes of dignitaries will direct their steps to the right and left of the platform respectively, and on tho platform the Chief Justice will preside. The gentlemen who, after examination here, are entitled to degrees will clothe themselves in the appropriate garments of their youthful alma mater, and be led up to the dais by the Dean of some faculty and hear from the lips of the Chancellor the words which are made to constitute the conference of the degree. The graduates of other Universities to be admitted ad eundem gradum will go through the like process ; theprizemen and scholars wilTthen 'go up the middle and down again;' and then a few superior boys and girls who do not as yet belong to the Institu tion will receive public recognition of their merits. There are no prize essaysv in prose or verse, but a Professor will deliver an oration on something to do with learning, and the Chancellor will give an address. These things may not be much, but such as they have the Council give to ub. The ceremony ia not grand enough to be imposing, but it is natural and suitable, and has its uses. It may fail to excite enthusiasm In the breast of those who, having been nurtured at the bosom of a more august mother, cling round the skirts of the Adelaide Univer sity as a kind of stepmother; bat lfc certainly gives the stimulus of public and authoritative recognition to academical achievements, and tends to encourage tha studious youth who are not yet mature) for the gown. So agreeable, Indeed, must such a meeting be that It occurs to us to suggest that the mediaevallsm displayed in universal cap-and-gownedneBS should ba carried a step further, and that if bo many learned and distinguished gentlemen were to adjourn to a good dinner Instead of parting at the door it might tend to cement friendships] and prevent misunderstandings. There Is another point, however, In which medisevalifim might with advantage be foregone. There Is no reason why a student who has passed his examination should not have his certificate handed to him by the Registrar at once instead o£ having to wait for a public presentation 1 which he may be unable to attend. At i Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, whsre ' a graduate haa to swear to some thing, such a requirement may ba - necessary, but at those places there are several degree days in. the course of the year ; while at the Uni versity of London, where no swearing is wanted, the certiS jate ia given on demand, and the presentation is optional. Passing away from the ceremonial, however, let us say a word about the practical work of the University. Ic ha3 done much that is good, and has left much undone, When it was Btarted there were many forebodings as to its being premature, and practically rseleaa. After a short experience it tacitly acknowledged its prematurity. but resolved not to be useless. Finding that there were few persons in the colony pre pared to pursue an academical education by following the studiea for a degree in arts, which is the normal foundation, the Council did their best to stimulate the schools by fotVfog examinations in hand. And, in. this respect, ' stooping to conquer,' the Council has done much service to the schools and their scholars, finding also that the inclinations of the youths — misnamed 'praaticaV — tended in the direction only of such learning as resulted directly in gain, the Council admitted them to two professional courses after a very slender groundwork of liberal education. This, we are inclined to think, la a mistake. Whether it be a mistake in medicine or not it Is evidently so in law, and there are symptoms that the students and graduates in law are of that opinion. The slender learning required for matriculation does not arm the student with the means of encountering an abstruse study. HIb Latin does not enable him to construe hia Institutes, his histoiy is too scrappy to form the basis of a study of constitutional or International law, and his want of logical training leaves him unprepared for the reasoning of the law in general. The result ij a waste of his first yeir or two, and then the violent exertion of the memory in the subsequent process of 'cram.' It is with great regret that we find the fees in the Arts course increased. They should, on the contrary, have been diminished ; for thia ia where the duty of the Univer sity is to be done. It enjoys an ample, a munificent endowment ; the salary of able and popular Professors ia assured out of that endowment, and the iectures entail no expense beyond it. Moreover, so long as attendance at lectures is made a necessary condition, a course should be delivered in the even ing, eo as to enable those to qualify who cannot attend by day. These evening lectures should be a matter of coons, not dependent upon subscription, and, like the others, should be cheap. It is by such means (adopted by some of the Colleges) that the University of London has welcomed into its ranks a number of what may be called ' volunteer' students, men who have long left school or have never been to a school, whose day is occupied in earning a salary, but whose nightly studies result In honour to themselves and ia glory to the University. In connection with this insufficient pro vision for the first academic duty of foster ing the fundamental liberal education, we cannot help noticing the very unequal dis tribution of the University funds. The Council set down their income at stand the accounts, set down their in come at between £11,000 and £12,000. Out of this more **»*' £8,000 is spent in Ealariea, and this brings us to the expen diture on the several 'faculties' and the work done by them. To begin with, the Law Faculty is that ;n which there is the greatest number of students, twenty-nine studying for a degree and fifteen who desire certificates to be admitted as soli citors. The Law Lecturer gets only £500 a year, and about £100 more may be spent in examinations. - Dividing this £600 by 44, the Law School costs only £13 10.3. a year for each of its forty four students, and as this amount is paid in fees, the faculty costs the University nothing. In the Faculty of Arts, putting out of the reckoning the salary of Professor Tate, whose lectures are not essential to the course, the cost is about £3,300 a year. This faculty has to deal, not merely with the twenty students who are trying to take the degree of B.A., but with those who enter for the Preliminary, the Junior Public, the Senior Public, and the Higher Public Exa minations, amounting In all to 546. It would not be fair to get at the average cost in this department by dividing the total expenditure by 546, but it may be said that the expenditure is not large compared with the work done. In extraordinary contrast to these is the Medical Faculty, which, counting the salaries of its thirteen lecturers, the expenses of the dissecting-room and of apparatus and material, may be reckoned to cost £2,600 a year ; and, the number of students being only twenty-eight, the faculty costs about £93 a year for each student. TMb excessive cost ia not to be attributed to extravagance, for the salaries and expenses are reasonable, but it results from the absolute necessity of a large outlay in every Medical School. If we have fewer professors ; if, out of the eighteen sub jects, one professor is allowed to take more than he now does, our degrees will not be recognised. But the question that hence arises ia whether it is wise at present to give medical degrees. The endowment of the Medical School enables the University, with atrifling extra expense, to put the itudenia through the first two years of their course, which is all that was at first attempted, and considering our proximity to the large and wealthy Medical Schools of Melbourne and Sydney, the economical question will soon arise as to whether our University Is justified in spending so largely to benefit its tweniy eight medical students at the expense of the other students and of the public. At all events the Medical School should not be maintained at Buch disproportionate expense to the detriment of arts and laws. Not only has the Arts Faculty no professor of ancient and modem history ; not only has the Law School only one ill paid lecturer, but the fees in the Arts Faculty have been increased, and there Is a proposal nearly to double :hose in the School of Law. This has she appearance of an attempt to bolster jp the all-absorbent Medical Faculty at the expense of the rest. There is no lauae, however, for despondency, for the rules of proportion and the laws of economy are certain to bring about those reforms on whicheverside they range them selves. And the temporary exhibition of an excessive medical zeal on the part of our University does not disentitle it, at this its anniversary, to our congratula tions on the much good it has tried to do and the much that it has done. Belief fob the Unfortunate. — The fund sec on foot for the relief of the sufferers by the wreck of the Star of Greece has been closed, and the money collected has been dis tributed, with the exception of a small sum kept in hand to meet special claims. Considering the circumstances of the case — that there were no passengers on board, that few, if any, of the crew were local men, that, in fact, there was no incentive to liberality other than a humane desire to relieve fellow-creatures involved in a terrible disaster— the large ness of the amount subscribed reflects high credit upon the generosity of the public. That a sum of £812 should have been raised to meet not only urgent and, immediate requirements, but also those that were probable and prospective, proves that the heart of South Australians is sensitive to the claims of kindness and charity. It is due to the Belief Com mittee to Bay that it haa been as methodical and prudent in the distribution cf the fund as the public has been liberal in raising it. The duty was cast upon it not only of meeting the present necessities of victimsof the shipwreck bnt also of mak ing strict investigation into the circum stances of the relatives of thedrowned men. This necessitated enquiries in England, the result of which has only recently reached the colony. It is evident that some of the i elatires are peculiarly deserving of help, and a wise discrimination has been shown in dividing up the funds. The money thus voted will cheer the hearts of some who through the catastrophe near Port 'Willnnga have been deprived of sons, husbands or fathers who were their chief means of support The suscribera will feel amply repaid for their generous contributions by the know ledge that they have lightened for not a few the load of Buffering which the occur ence of the wreck entailed. It is a matter for regret that the public sympathy evokedby the disaster ia not to have any more lasting memorial than this granting of aid to those in need of it. It would have been well had the foundation been laid for some local Society having kindred aims with the Shipwrecked Mari ners' Association of Great Britian. It was of course not competent for the Relief Committee to take Bteps fn thia direction, but it would probably not have been difficult to raise money enough to start the Society. How far the marine authorities are now better prepared to deal with cases of shipwreck than they were when the Star of Greece came to grief we are not in a position to say. It ia understood that the rocket apparatus is ic better order, and that the respon sibility for prompt action In case of ship wreck now devolves on the commander of the Protector, but we greatly fear that the terrible lessons taught by the disaster referred to have not been taken to heart as thoroughly as they should have been. This, however, has nothing to do with the Star of Greece Fund, which has been turned to admirable account in helping those in need of succour. While speak ing of timely aid thus rendered to the unfortunate it may not be amiss tossy one word In commendation of the proposal of a correspondent, whose letter appears elsewhere, that something should be done for the relief of the widow and children of the poor man Brown, who lost bis life through the recent railway acci dent in the North. Whatever may have been the cause of that occurrence, how ever much the poor fellow himself' may have contributed to it by not complying with the regulations, there can, be no doubt as to the urgency of the need for help. The picture drawn by our corres pondent ef the widow's necessity and of her helplessness is one that cannot fail to move to compassion those who have hearts susceptible to the the griefa of others. The hapless woman Is described as being virtually destitute with six children dependent upon her. Surely it is not necessary to plead the charity Inspiring influences of the festive season to ensure sympathy for the widow and the fatherless — that beat of sympathy which finds gracious expression in cheer ful giving. TttrI .ttrtstmas ' Observer.'— The Christ maa issue of the' Adelaide Observer will be ready for delivery to-day. The publication maintains in every respect the high reputa tion of its predecessor?, which have won bo great public appreciation as to tax the re sources of the publishers. One special feature of this year's number is the large coloured irapplement, which is not only intrinsically highly meritorious as a work of art, but deals with a thoroughly homely subject. The original picture is by Ralph Hedley, a well-known English artist. The scene is the Bigg Market, Newcaatle-on-Tyne ; the time, early morning. In acarrier'atilted cart a rosy cheeked little lad is Bitting sleeping, watched over by his dog. The dog's faithful devotion to his young master is stronger than bis natural longings, for he allows to be undis turbed a hare that hangs from the cart covering, and an uncovered hamper, from the network of which pigeons peep. In every detail the picture is natur ally conceived and artistically executed. Besides this work of art an extra literary supplement of twenty-four pages helps to swell the usual volume of the weekly number until this Christmas Observer becomes far and away the largest newspaper issued in South Australia, and one of the largest sent ont from any newspaper office in all Aus tralia. The special aim seems to have been, always with strict regard to the quality of the work, to give encouragement to South Australian writers, supplementing their literary efforts with stories from some of the most celebrated Fngifah authors. Of the latter Monk FoBter contributes 'The Black Mots Mystery, a ChriBtmas Mining Story,' and Mies Adelina Sergeant writes 'Fleet- wood'B End,' a story of two Christmas Eves. The bulk of the matter is Australian, the object being to depict colonial life in all its aspects. Heron Shaw, whose reputation is established as a writer of high-class stories betraying a keen knowledge and close analysis of human character, tells a story of exploration and strange discovery under the title of 'An Australian Galatea.' Lindsay Duncan, also widely known for charming descriptions of Australian life and scenery, ? in poetry and in prose, relates ' The Strange History of a Christmas Card,' and has poetical pieces in addition. M. Gaunt furnishes an element of sensationalism in 'The Ghost of the Prince Rupert,' and Mr. E. Davenport Cleland, who is the author of the principal Christmas tale tor the Austral asian thiB year, has contributed a Bparkling narrative under the attractive heading of 'Miss Nomer'a Nonsense.' MIbs Spence pleasantly puzzles her readers with a special 'Acting Charade,' and ??Iohoi' narrates the experiences which befell the hero of 'Two Christmas Days —the Falling Cross.' The body of the paper contains ' An Australian Ghost Story,' by M.P., 'His Certificate of Freedom— a West Australian Story,' by Alex. Morrison: and the work of other writers who are familiar to the readers of the Observer, and in this connection should be specially mentioned the poemB of regular contributors, and the 'literary Mince Pie,' the puzzles and the problems which 'the Biddler' provides for his numerous readers young and older. This Christmas issue is altogether a wonderfully good sixpence worth, Thb ,1888 Leases.— The advertiaemeat published by-' the Commissioner of Crowa Lands to the effect that the pastoral lessees whose runs are sold this week, but who wish to remain in occupation for twelve months under the provisions of the Act 393 of 18&6, must pay the rent on or before January 1, 1589, has created considerable consternation in the minds cf the lessees. They think it would be grossly unfair to give immediate possession to any purchasers of the land at the end of the present year. Many of the tenants whose runs are about to be offered complain that they are now placed in a totally different position to those lessees whose land was offered in June. Their leases are to be offered only eleven days before ex piry, in the middle of summer, and during what is perhaps the worat drought ever known. It is impossible for them to remove stock at the pressnt time. Then it is said that the upset rents have been greatly increased as compared with similar country offered in June, although the June country comprised runs served by railways and in proximity to porta, while a large portion of the country to be offered this week, especially that west of Port Augusta, ia distant from any port, therefore involving heavy cost for carriage, more particularly as it is destitute of surface water. Leading lessees olaim that whatever* interpretation the Commissioner may put on clause 110 of Aot 393 of 1886 it was undoubtedly the inten tion of the Legislature that lessees should have twelve months in which to remove their stock. The tenants hold that the Com missioner is only endeavouring by threata.to force the present lessees to take up their! runB again at exorbitant rents. In support of their contention it is stated that in 3886/ when the Aot was before the Housa of Assembly, the Hon. T. Playford Baid— 'It was provided under Act of 1884 that the lessee should have twelvemonths to clear hia stock off. The time would vary with the time at which the Government Bold the lease. If they sold eighteen months before the expiry of the lease, they must give the lessee eighteen mottha to clear of£ If they sold at the expiry of the lease, he would have twelve months after that date.' In 1884 the Hon. J. Coles said that the lessees would have twelve months after the effluxion of their leases to remove Block, while during the last session both gentlemen made similar statements. The leBseea urge that in any case eleven days is not sufficient time for them to make up their minds whether they will pay the year's rent or not. Upon these points we would remark that it certainly is unreasonable that the lessees whose names are put up now, ehould, through no fault of their own— for they have no voice in fixing the date of the sale, of particular leases — should be placed at a serious disadvantage as compared with the lessees whose runs were put up *aix months ago. The Commissioner of Crown Lands cannGt'seriouBly mean to deprive them of the privilege of having twelve months to remove their stock should they not be the purchasers of the leases they now hold. The Incoming Matt. Sibamee. — A tele gram from Albany states that the Lusitania arrived there from Colombo at 1L30 p'm. on Monday, and sailed at 2 a.m. on Tuesday. Telegbaphic. — Berne notifies thit the Tiinidad and Demarara cable is interrupted. Telegrams for Demarara are being eeat by Bteamer, with a delay of about threa days. The Federal Council.— On Tuesday, December 18, the Premier (Hon. T. Playford) received a telegram from the Premier of Victoria (Mr. Gillies) to the effect that he was trying to arrange the meeting of the Federal Council for February 5, and that he wished to know whether the date would Bait the convenience of the Soutli Australian repre sentatives. Mr. Playford replied that the date mentioned would be agreeable. The South Australian delegates will be the Premier and the Attorney-General. Thb Destitute Boaed.— The resignation of the Destitute Board was considered by Cabinet at a meeting held on Taeaday after noon, December 18, bat no decision was arrived at. The Government still have the matter under consideration. The Late Sib William Pearce.— Sir William Pearce, whose death we announce this morning, was the only son of Mr. J. G. Pearce, and was born in 1833. He was educated as a naval architect and engineer, and in 1870 he became a partner in the firm of John Elder & Co. He was Chairman of the Guion Line Company and of the Scottish Oriental Steam Shipping Company; he, at various times, served on the Royal Commis sionB on Tonnage, on Loss of Life at Sea, and on the Depression of Trade. In 1885 he was elected member of Parliament for the Govan Division of Lanarkshire, and two years ago he was created a baronet. Coal Tbkdebs.— The Railway Commis sioners have dealt with the tenders that were received a few days Bince for the supply of coal ; but, having regard to the lengthened period of the contract, they are not satisfied with the price at which it has been offered, and intend to readvertise for tenders. Thb Stats Children's Council.— At a meeting of the Council of the State Chil dren's Department on Tuesday afternoon, December 18, the reply letter from the Government with reference to the resigna tion of the Council was considered. There was a full attendance of members of the Board, but no final decision was arrived at as to the nature of the reply which should be sent to the Government. The subject will be disposed of at a meeting on January 3. Tenders fob Cast-iron Pipes.— The Railway Commissioners sitting as a Supply and Tender Board on Tuesday, accepted the tender of Messrs. Fulton & Co. for the supply of 2,400 tons of cast-iron pipes which are required for the new main from the Ihornden Park Reservoir. Thb- Commercial Bank of South Aus tralia v. Lawson's Trustees. — The judg ment of the Full Court was delivered on the appeal by the Bank on Tuesday, December 18\. The Chief Justice waB of opinion that plaintiffs were entitled to recover the full amount (£19,773), for which -judgment had been given on the elementary ground that the Bank had no right to honour theoheque of one trustee without the authority of the other three. Mr. Justice' Bundey read an elaborate judgment, reviewing the facts and the arguments of counsel, and supporting the judgment given at the hearing of the case. 'The appeal was dismissed, with costs, a month being allowed the defendant. Bank to consider whether the caae Bhall be Bent on to the Privy Council. Inspecpion of Coastline.— Major-General DowneB, accompanied by Brigade-Major Lovett, left Adelaide on Tuesday afternoon to inspect the coastline between Brighton and Cape Jervis. They will return on Thurs day night. Civil Service Commission.— At a meet ing of the Commission on Tuesday, December 18, one of the members directed attention to a letter which had recently appeared in the Register, signed 'Justice,', to the effect that the Commission had been the means of an officer of the Marine Board having been dis pensed with, and the Secretary (Mr. Harry) was instructed to give an official contradic tion to the statement. The Commission, who did not know even the name of the officer alluded to, have not made any enquiries as to the Marine Board, not yet having come to any department under the Treasurer. Kain at the Barrier.— A telegram posted in the Royal Exchange on Tuesday morning Btated that a nice rain had fallen at Broken HilL Mr. McNeil, Traffic Superintendent, on Tuesday evening received a telegram stating that 5 chains of the Silverton Railway had been washed away at the 249 mile-poat by a flood, and that the traffic was Btopped. The spot is Bituated about 16 miles on the other Bide Of ftf«imi.Ml1, Obituary.— Mr. Thomas Dallison, an old colonist and Portonlan, died at his residence, Wellington-street, Port Adelaide, on Sunday, December 16, at the ripe age of 89. Mr. Dallison arrived in the colony in 1849, and has done some excellent work. Soon after he came he kept a school in the building now used by Messrs. Jones, Parry, & Co., chaff merchants, Port Adelaide. He also, used St. Paul's Schoolroom. Although firm in his teaching, Mr. Dallison was always kind and sympathetic. Amongst his pupils were Dr. Sawtell, Messrs. B. H. Laker, Frewin, J. E. and G. E. Haddy, and other Portonians. After residing in the Port for some years, Mr. Dallison went for a time to Maclaren Vale, but returned to his former residence. Mrs. Dallison has been dead for several years, but an unmarried daughter who resided with her father, survives them. He was a prominent member of St Paul's Church, and Canon Green on Sunday made reference to his labours. The funeral took place at the North Road Cemetery on Tuesday. The death at the age of about eighty of Mr. William Raven,, which took place last Friday, removes another, old colonist. Mr. Raven, who belonged to the 96th regiment, came to this colony with hia troops in October 1S41. He afterwards became a licensed victualler, in which occnpationheeontinnedinthiacityfor twenty-' Beven yeara. He haa left one son and one daughter and seventeen grandchildren. Train Service Betwrek Port and Sema phore.— Great indignation* is being openly expressed by residents at the Semaphore and Port Adelaide at what is alleged to be unne cessary annoyance and expense likely to be caused by the new rules in respect to season tickets. For some time past there have been a large number of travellers complain ing at the time-tible brought into operation by the Railway Commissioners, there being several intervals of one hour each during the middle of the day and evening, and as much as two hours on Sunday. Lately the ticket examination has been of such a tediouB character that almost every train is behind time several' minutes.. As. soon as the new rule demanding the three days' notice in writing and 5s. deposit when season tickets are required was posted np, some definite action was instituted with a! view of running a line of busses or a light: tramway to theSemaphoreowingtothe refusal: of the Railway Oomlsiasioner to meet the views of the deputation which waited upon him. It is probable that steps will be taken to carry out a project which has been talked of for some years. .This, no doubt, will receive large support from residents of tbe two. towns, and make a considerable difference to the railway. The residents at the Port are unable to understand the statement of Mr. Smith that 6,000 travellers were doing what they should not do. ? Full Court.— On Tuesday, December 18, -Mr. Justice Boucaut delivered the judgment of the Court in the case of H. M. Alexander' v. David Caro, The question referred from the Local Court was answered in the affirma tive with coats, the transferee of the mining scrip being held liable even if the calls were made after he had parted with the shares. In thecase of Clausen v. Haberle, the appeal from ?the Local Court was sustained, and the rule fora new trial was made absolute, on the ground that the so-called memorandum of transfer was not a ' conveyance on Bale,' as it did not specify the property sold, and therefore the instrument did not require to be stamped. The special case of the Rev. J. M. Donaldson, who was recently adjudicated insolvent, which was reserved for the opinion of the Full Court on the question of whether his endowment policy should be held by the Official Receiver on behalf of the creditors, was also heard. After lengthy argument on both sides, the Chief Justice stated that the Court would deliver judgment before Christmas. Special Train from Broken Hill.— With a view of enabling the residents of Broken Hill to be present at the Christmas festivities in Adelaide the Railway Commissioners have decided to run a special train from the Barrier on Saturday evening. Star of Gbrhob Relief Fund.— A meet ing of the Committee of the Star of Greece Relief Fund waB held at Port Adelaide on: Tuesday, December 18. The terrible disaster which happened in July last is fresh in the' memory of South Australians, and it is gratifying to note the liberal response made to the appeal of the Register for funds to assist the friends of those who periahed at the wreck. Altogether £812 2s. 5d. was collected, and at yesterday's meeting, it was distributed. Some delay necessarily took place in obtaining the addresses of friends and enquiring into their circumstances. ThL has now been done and, with the exception of a small emergency balance, the whole of the funds have been distributed. Queensland Timber.— The Conservator of Forests having determined to try Queens land timber-trees at our principal forest reB6rves has obtained from the Director oi Victorian Botanical Gardens a large consign-' ment of plante together with packets seedings of some 57 timber-trees. The plants from these treeB are now being raised at Bundaleer, and Mr. Brown hopes that by next winter they will be large enough to enable him to make the experiment of growing them in the colony. Guano from Cave Range Forest Re serve.— The Conservator of Poreata inform b. us that there ia likely to be a large demai d this year for the bat guano which has been obtained from the caves near Narracoorte. Already about 350 tons have been ordere * and as the result of a specimen submitted tu him the Professor of Agriculture has re ported very favourably, on the fertilizing qualities of the guano. The supply in the' caves ia practically unlimited. Mb. E. W. Hawker, M.P.— Mr. E. W. Hawker, member for the Diatriot'of Stanley in the Assembly, left by the mail steamer Victoria on Monday, December 17, for a trip to England and the Continent. He will be absent about six months, and amongst other purpoaeB of his visit are the study of irriga tion worka (a subject in which he has taken special interest), and metallurgical opera tions at Frieburg. As a member of the Australian Natives' Association he has been, commissioned by the Executive of the South Australian branches to interview the officers of the Royal Colonial Institute, London, with the object of establishing an interchange of correspondence and literature and other friendly relations between the two Societias to their mutual advantage. 'The Picturesque Atlas.'— Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P., the South Australian repre sentative of the publishers, has sent to ua Parts 33 and 34 oi the Picturesque Atlas of Australasia. With the exception of the frontispiece to No. 33, which represents a beautiful view of- Hobart, Tasmania, both parts depict exclusively the diversified natural scenery and other attractions of New Zealand, that Wonderland of the tourist. In this country, peculiarly beautified by Nature, the artist finds bewildering supply and variety of material for his pencil, which has herein worthily fulfilled its task, and been well assisted by the graphic letterpreas de scriptions of the scenes whichhe so exquisitely depicts. The settlements which are specially treated in these numbers are Wellington, Nelson, Greymouth, Chriatchurcb, . Lyttelton, Timaru, Otago, Dunedin, Port Chalmers, and Oamaro. The artist's skill has, however, even worthier subjects in landscapes and Bea views, such as Milford Sound (the frontispiece to Part 34), the wonderful Otira Gorge, which the Rev. Charles Clark so charmingly describes, Queen Charlotte Sound, 'A Raaoh on the Avon,' Lakea Tekapo and Pukaki, the Tasman Valley, and more especially the mountainous tracts whither the traveller first tends in Bearch of adventure. The pic tures in this connection are amongst the best yet sent out in the whole publication. The rugged grandeur of the; Francis Joseph Glacier, Mount Cook and the Hooker Gla cier, Mount Sefton and the Hooker River, and 'an avalanche on the Southern Alps' is 'spiritedly represented, and the treatment probably excels that of some of the merely pretty scenes of stiller life. A New Zealand book could not be complete without a re ference to the extinct moa, and so we have at the end drawings of skeletons of the gigantic bird, and of a Maori alongside to show how great was the moa and by com parison how small was the man. Irrigation in Victoria. — A meeting of the Irrigation Committee of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on Tuesday evening; December 18, Mr. J. J- Green presiding over an attendance of nine persons. The Chair man, who, with Mr. T. Hardy, recently re turned from Victoria, where they spent a considerable time in visiting irrigation areas and acquiring information on irrigation and water conservation generally, delivered an interesting address. In their travels, said Mr. Green, they went to North Melbourne, Kerang, and Bacchus Marsh, where they eaw hundreds of miles of channels which carried water from rivers and other water coarBeB for distribution over the soil. The effects, of inJnition. QB thf tfoP9 was B£99i; ally dealt with by Mr. Green, who exhibited specimens' ef cereals, &c; , whioh received the] benefit of irrigation. He also described in: detail the various means takou by the agri culturists and market gardeners for irrigat ing tbeir lands, pointing out the numerous advantages accruing from a proper system of irrigation on these small scales, and also referred to the immense wealth which irrigation had thus added to the country. Mr. Hardy deaoribed the effects of irrigation particularly in the Goulbarn Valley district. Land, he said, was being sold in blocks for small farmers, whose intention was to enter extensively into irrigation schemes. Fruit growing waB being largely encouraged, bus some growers entertained doubt3 as to their obtaining a profitable market for their pro ductions. Wherever irrigation schemes had been Btarted in the districts Mr. Greea and himself had visited the price of the laud had risen considerably, and. in many instances land that was less than ton years ago valued at only £10 or £15 was now worth about £80 per acre. He contended that if irrigation was to be successfully carried out in South Aus tralia the Government should resume the land for the purpose. The meeting afterwards took a conversational form. Another Successful Bobs,— A corre spondent writes' from Anna Creek on De cember 15 :— 'Messrs. Hogarth and Warren have Btruck an artesian supply of water on William Creek, 2 miles north of the William Spring and north of the railway line. The bore waB put down with, the common borer about 350 feet, when an abundant supply of good water rose to the surface and flowed over the ground. This ia the second artesian bore they have Bunk, having been the first to Btrike artesian water 7 miles from that spot n 1882.' The Zoological Gardens.— A very fine tiger from China has lately been added to the Society's collection. This animal arrived on Thursday, December 13, by the steamer Catterthun, from Hongkong, and was pre sented by Mr. Meeks, of Gibbs, Bright, & Co., Sydney. Mr. Meeks is an honorary life member of thiB Sooiety, and apparently has not forgotten his friends in South Australia. Another ourang-outang haa also been pro cured from Singapore, and will prove a valu able addition and an attraction to visitors. Air Indiak Production.— The Forest De partment intendto plant seeds of myrobalans of commerce, which have been received from India, with a view of ascertaining whether they can be cultivated in the colony. The plant is used for dyeing cloth and leather. Last Year's Tree-planting.— Notwith- standing the dry season the plantrg opera tions of the Forest Department during last winter have proved aB successful as in former years. The Conservator will report on the matter fully during the next few days. Adelaide Crystal Icb Company.— The half-yearly meeting of shareholders was held at 111, King William-street, on Tuesday, December 18. Mr. Barnfield presided over a small attendance. The retiring Directors— Messrs. T. Barnfield and A. Simma — were re elected, and Mr. W. R. Sawers was elected in place of Mr. Rounsevell, M.P., resigned. The retiring Auditors— Messrs. P. F. Bonnie and C. A. Oldham— were also re- eoted. Glenelg Corporation and the Rail way Company.— A well.attended meeting of ratepayers of New Glenelg Ward was held at tbe Broadway Hotel, on Tuesday evening, December 18, to consider the question intro duced in the Glenelg Town/Council as tj raising the amount paid by the Glenelg Rail way Company from £50 to £250 for the privilege of running the trains on' the Glenelg roads. Councillor Mair head, who! presided, explained what had been done in the Council on the matter, and thought that what they demanded was only fair. Councillor Frinadorf, tha con vener of the meeting, repeated what he had said at the Council meeting. Theratepayera were taxed heavily, and he did not Bee why the Company should not pay a fairer rent. They (the Council) had been too generous in the past, but the Company had not responded in any way to the request that the prevailing high fares should be reduced. Heavy interest on the Patawa longa bonds would have to be met, and tho Company should bear their fair share. There was no chance of the Company making the terminus at Miller's Corner rather than pay the extra amount. Councillor Ware said he had proposed the adjournment of the question in the Council bo that the ratepayers! Bhould not be surprised, but should have_a chance of expressing an opinion. He depre cated any animus against the Company. (Hear, hear.) Their interests and th& town were wrapped up together. They were much more likely to settle the matter if it W6re approached ia_a businesslike manner. Mr. C. W. Priest moved that the Councillors be requested to support the motion, notice of which had been given in the Council, The Company had to pay £270 to the Adelaide Corporation for the use of King William-street and the Park Lands, and he thought that the proposed alteration was a just one. Mr, MoNamara seconded. Mr. J. A. Chartier thought that the Company had Berved the Glenelg people very badly, but it was not wise to try to get oo much out of them. If the trams did atop at Miller's Corner it would be a great in convenience. They had refused to issue excursion tickets to Glenelg residents — (Cries of 'Shame')— and the difference in the fares to Largs Bay and the Sema phore was likely to injure Glenelg. He certainly thought that a larger rent should be charged, and he proposed as an amendment that it should be fixed at £100 per annum. The amendment was seconded. Mr. W. Storrie, jun., thought that a jump from £50 to £250 was too much, and suggested that it should be fixed at £150 for the coming year. Mr. Chartier did not w&ntto; bind the Councillors to the sum of £100, and therefore withdrew his amendment. The motion was put to the meeting and carried almost unani mously. Departure of Mr. Rudall, S.M., prom Gawler.— Yesterday being the last Court day prior to Mr. Rudall's departure from Gawler, special reference was made to the. fact by Messrs. W. R. Lewis and F. C. Hairi , representing the Bar, and by Mr. G. Warren and, the Hon. H. E. Bright, M.L.C., on behalf of the Justices, and by the Clerk of the Court (Mr. T. C. Fowler). Compli mentary reference was made to the able, conscientious, and painstaking manner with which he had discharged hia judicial duties, and the regret was unanimous that the exigencies of the State demanded that he should sever his connections with a town in which he had resided for over thirty years, and in whichhe had sincere and lasting friend ships. Mr. Rudall, in reply, Baid he felt keenly the many kind expressions that had been made, and regretted that he had to leave them. He did not, however, complain. Hi supposed it was necessary in the interests of the State, and had made up hia mind to go wherever he was ordered. To Bay he did not feel it was to say what waB not true. He had lived in Gawler for a great number of years, had built bis houBe according to hia tastes; and was surrounded by warm and sincere friends, and to make a new home and friends now would be a very great strain upon him. He always looked upon hid position as one of great responsibility, and made it a point to look thoroughly into every case that came before him. The tendency of modern legisla tion had been to minimise the fines for first offences, and to thia was probably due the falling-off cf the revenue. Courts, however, were for the benefit of the public, and not altogether for the amount of their receipts. He thanked them ainoerely for their kin remarks and good wiahes. Pastoral, Finance, Trust, and Agency Company of Australasia.— The general meeting of shareholders of this Company waa held in Sydney on December 11, Mr. Russell Barton presiding. There was an influential attendance, including representatives of the Provisional Courts of Victoria and Queens land, The Chairman stated that the Com pany was duly formed. It was resolved that the number of the Board of Directors for the ensuing year be nine, five resident in New South Walea, and one each for the ooloniea of Victoria, Queensland, South Australia, and New Zealand. The following were elected on the Board of Direoton:— For New South Wales— Messrs. RusboII Barton, J. B. Christian, Thomas Hnngerford, J, F, Barns Colonial Treasurer), i and, W.~ArHutchinsonr J.P-. ForViotoria— Mr. Jamea Williamson. For Queensland— Mr. F. A. Blackmao. For South Australia— Mr. Donald Maolean. For New Zealand— Mr. W. S. Peter, M.L.C. The following gentlemen were elected Audi tors: — Me3ers. Donald Cormack and T. J. Wilshire. The first meeting cf the Board was held in the Company's office on December 14, when Mr. Bartoa was elected Chairman and Mr. Hnngerford Deputy Chairman of the Company, Mr. R. Mont gomery Armstrong being appointed Secre tary. The S.A. Alliance. — The South Aub tralian Alliance held a special executive meeting on Monday, December 17, to consider and decide upon a local-option platform to be presented to the temperance workers of the colony as that to be advocated in view of the statement -of the Government of their intention to bring ia an amending Licensing Bill during the next session. After considerable discussion it was unanimously resolved to advocate : — (1.) The prohibition of the sale of intoxicating liquors on Sunday. (2.) Local option by the direct vote of the people ; the questions as to the number, &c;, of licences to be granted to be submitted to the electors in the following way :— (L) That no new lioencea shall be granted ; (2.) . That the number of licences Bhall be reduced to a certain number specified in the notice, not being leas than one-third of the existing number ; (3.) That the sale of intoxicating, liquors Bhall be prohibited. It was under-, stood that the term ' electors' did not refer; to ratepayers exclusively, but that all persons who were eligible to vote at Parlia mentary elections, aa well as all who were on the ratepayers' roll, Bhould be entitled to vote, it was resolved that the question of compensation Bhould form no part of the platform of the Alliance, it being understood that if compensation was proposed by the Government the question should be judged upon its merits when proposed, but that the Alliance would oppose to the utmost every attempt to compel the people generally to pay compensation, and that if compensation was proposed the only source from which the funds should be provided should be the licence -fees, and, if neoesaary, increased duties upon intoxicating liquors. Garden Party ax Parkside Asylum.— One of the prominent features in the modern humane system of treating the mentally afflicted in the institutions devoted to that purpose ia that of agreeably occupying the mind in various ways, and this method is employed in the Parkside Lunatic AByluni under the management of Dr. Cleland and his staff of assistants. It is customary to engage such patients aB can be truated in various dutieB about the apacfouB grounds, and fre quently they are kept amused and health fully occupied by outdoor sports. One of these gatherings in the shape of a garden party was bsldin the grounds on Tuesday afternoon, and was succesafully carried out. About 150 of the beBt-behaved male and female patients, and fifty of the inmates of the North- terrace Asylum assembled under the Bhady grove of fine trees in the north-weBt part of the enclosure, where sports of various kinds were indulged in and refreshments were liberally supplied. The patients conducted themselves in a moat orderly manner, some playing Bkittles, running races, dancing, or strolling or Bitting about, and a band of music made things lively or them. There was not the slightest attempt to break bound* or transgiess the rules of decorum, and there was ample evidence of the wholeaoma influence of the relaxation permitted. The ecene was a curious one to witness, and there was little to indicate the nature of the company to the casual observer, except when some individual with an imaginary grievance would confide it to the iear of a sympathetic listener, or announce his or her exalted posi tion amongst the crowned heads of Europe. Every attention was paid to the revellers, who were kept well supplied with fruit, cake, and tea by the attendants and by several ladies who kindly assisted. Oa Jfriday an entertainment of a musical cha racter will be given in the building, and thia will be followed up by others at irregular intervals. Meeting at Clarendon.— A meeting was held in the Friendly Societies' Hall on De cember 17 to consider the Electoral Districts Bill, recently before Parliament, and other business of importance to the district. The Chairman of the District Council presided, and stated that as the Bill for one-member districts had been -thrown out he would proceed with other business. Mr. Reese, however, moved and Mr, T. Ship way seconded — 'That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is desirable that the Electoral Districts BUI, introduced during the present session, stand over until the next general elections, so that the voters may have an op portunity of dealing with the question.' The matter having been discussed at Bome length, Mr. H. Jacobs moved the following amend ment, and Mr, R. C. Clark seconded—' That, in the opinion of this meeting, the electoral districts had better remain as they, are.' The amendment was carried by 24 votes to 4. Mr. R. C. Clark moved a vote of thanks to the members for the district for- voting against the Bill, Carried unanimously. Mr. Ship way moved and Mr, Clark Beconded— ' That this meeting approves of the action theCo-iacil have taken in respect to the Maclaren Vale road- in soliciting the help of the Noarlcaga District Council to get a special grant from Parliament to put the road in repair, aa the road now haa considerable traffic over it, and is in bad repair and dangerous to life and limb.' Carried. A great many other ques tions of minor importance to the district were discussed, more especially the letting of enclosed roadB. Considerable dissatisfac tion was expressed at the way in which the roads were now let. On the motion of Mr. Reese it was suggested that the Council should assess the roads to be let, as the present system was very unsatisfactory. Carried. Milkmen's Association.— A meeting of the Port Adelaide, Semaphore, and suburbs Dairymen's Association waa held at the Port Admiral Hotel on Tuesday morning. Mr. Chapman presided over a fair attendance. The election of officers resulted as follows :— President, Mr. Carter ; Vice-Preddent, Mr. Hammonds; Treasurer, Mr. FewingB ; Secre tary, Mr. Symonda; Committee, MesBra. Filmore, Draper, Deslandes, Miles, Norman ; Auditors, Messrs. Chapman and Ford. The rules of the Society, drawn up by the com mittee, were submitted to the meeting. An Unprecedented Military Feat.— A telegram from Kazeoba camp (says the P.M. Gazette of November 5) that on Friday a detachment under General Charmer carried the Gorapher Peak of the Chaila Mountain at a height of 9,500 feet— a position never before succesafully assaulted by a hostile force. The ascent was from knoll to knoll, which, to our surprise, were undefended, then through a thick forest, and finally op steep Btony crags, whioh ran out like a buttress from the precipice in the forest, where the enemy's . BkirmisherB waited concealed. ur leading troops advanced within 40 yards before firing wa3 opened. Our casualties were only one man killed and one wounded, both privates in the Northum berland FuBiliera. On emerging from the forest the summit, whereon the mountaineers were seen in greater force, was rushed by the first companies of the Northumberland Fusiliers and the Khyberee*, rasing np neck and neck. There were no further casualties. The position was an exceedingly strong one, and if the enemy had defended it with courage they muBt have caused us heavy Iobb. Prompt Settlement of Insurance Claim. —An advertisement in our business columns calls attention to the fact that Mrs. Carter, of 43, Evans-street, Balmain, acknowledges the commendably prompt settlement by the Citizens' Life Assurance Company, Limited, Sydney, of the claim made by her under policy for £30, assured on the life of her son, Stephen Philip Carter, who so strangely met his death whilst bathing near the Iron Cove Bridge on December 9. Rev. Dr. Hannay.— By request from the Ministerial Association Dr. Hannay will preach a sermon in the Pixie-street Wealeyan Church thia evening. Howard Smith & Son's Steamers.— The time of the sailing of the Bnninyong has been altered to December 19 at noon. Rotunda Concert.— The City Volunteer Battalion Band will give a concert at the Rotunda to-night. Received.— Scott's 'Emulsion Calendar' for 1889-ft fine p|ecs of lithographic work, 