Our Story. Our Spare Room. Fob. some time after we bad been married we lived at Finchley. Finchley is not a particularly interest ing spot in itself. It is not town ; neither by the utmost stretch of imagination can it be called country. It is exceedingly difficult to get to the city—where I go every day—from there; or to get any where else for the matter of that. But I think our chief reason for going to lire there was that we had the chance of tak ing a house that had been built by a friend of mine for his owu occupation, who found after it was finished that he would have to live abroad for two or three years. Houses that people build for themselves are always so much nicer than those they build for other people. So we at once decided to take it, and ever since have been trying to get away from it. We both wanted to live in town, in London proper. I wanted my club handy and Margaret wanted the bonnet shops. Choosing a new - house is a weighty and important matter, and we braced our minds beforehand by many conversations on the subject, and at last began seriously tohouse-hunt. We looked at a good many desirable : residences in the region of South Ken- i sington and Bayswater, and saw a few I that we liked pretty well, and a large ■ number that we did not like at all. A ; good many of the houses had just been J newly and smartly done up for the season j —it was the month of February when we j began our search—with an evident view j of attracting the public. But although j they were magnificent with paint, paper, j whitewash and Jacobean mantelpieces, | we frequently found that they were defi- j cient in the less apparent details of drain- j gge, cisterns, aud boilers, with which un important trifles the landlord had evi dently considered it not worth while to busy himself. Some houses, on the other hand, were not * done up* in any way, but were dark, dirty, and cobwebby, and haunted by ca daverous caretakers. It w-as useless to try and investigate any of this species, as Margaret refused to go any further than the drawing-room floor, and would not entertain the idea of them for a single in stant. " First impressions are every thing," she would remark emphatically when I tried to convince her that paint ing and papering were not yet lost arts, and that the caretaker would not of ne cessity form part of our establishment. j Our house-hunting was, therefore, a long business, and we made quite a pic nic of it, Margaret declared, for we fre quently retired to a confectioner's for afternoon tea, instead of going back to • Finchley for that meal, which was always a great point with Margaret. She would not have thought the flay complete with out it. So as the afternoons at the end of February are long and. light, we fre quently walked about looking at houses till nearly six o'clock. ■ One afternoon as we were sitting to gether in my smoking-room after dinner, talking as we usually do, about our pros- ! pective new house, Margaret seemed sud- ; denly to be struck with an idea. " Charley," she said, leaning forward in her chair and placing her pretty little fore finger on her pointed chin as she spoke, " there is one thing that our new house must not have, and that thing is a spare room." " No spare room!" I cried, nearly dropping the end of my cigar in my sur prise. " Why, where shall we keep all our boxes, my dear; and your sewing machine, which you never use ; and—" " I mean bedroom," interrupted Mar garet reprovingly. " And I wish you wouldn't say * tny dear,' it makes me feel so old." "Old ?" I said, astonished and mysti fied. "Yes," returned Margaret. "Mr. Whitelock calls his wife * my dear,' and they are both over seventy!" This argument was unanswerable. I did not attempt to refute it. " Well, then," I continued, " my—my j love" (" Ah, that's better," said my wife), "would you mind explaining to me your objections to that time-honoured institu tion. A guest-chamber ? Are you afraid of a ghost taking up its quarters with us 1" " No," answered Margaret, still keep ing her finger on her chin, and regarding me with a fixed and steadfast gaze. She had not even blenched when I alluded to the sewing machine. " But in London, he who keeps a spare room keeps an hotel.' It was too true. I dropped the end of my cigar into the grate outright, while visions of aunt Georgina from Leaming ington, " juBt running up from Saturday till Monday," with her asthmatic pug, and her array of imperials, coursed through my brain. Aunt Georgina—she was Margaret's aunt, not mine—had frequently per formed this athletic feat since our ath letic marriage, and we had soon found out that her Saturday till Monday" was not by any means the same as that period of time recorded in almanacs. It was sometimes a week, hut more often ten ] days, and it had been known to extend itself to a month. 1 do not think we . either of us disliked Aunt Georgina. In j fact if anyone had asked us what we par ticularly objected to in her, we should have been somewhat puzzled to reply; but she was like a rich plum pudding—a little of her went a loDg way. They say say that everything comes to those who wait Still more does every i thing come to those who search long and I diligently enough, and in due time our house was found. It was in every way i satisfactory. It had been freshly done j up with paint, paper, and the newest j things In mantelpieces and dados, and i a proper attention had been paid to such things as drainage, gas pip®* and boilers. It was in the Bayswater direction; it was close to an omnibus route ; it was only a shilling cab fare distant to my club, and | there was a very tolerable bonnet shop I f not for off. In fact Margaret said that by putting her bead out of the bath-room ' window and craning her neck only a Vely little she could just get a glimpse of it. j But in this world of ours unfortunately ! there is no rose without a thorn ; n0 su- ! preme good without some drawback. Our i house had a spare room. ) | To be sure, as Margaret observed when i j we talked this over after quite settling j j upon the house, we might have known I ! that we must have a spare room, as there J j were only our two selves, the servants I and a very limited assortment of boxes ! and trunks to stow away. " And you i know you wouldn't like to live in a very i ! small house, Charley," she added, " even { j if we could have found one in this part of I j London." j j I assented to this. j | " Any way," continued my wife, " I j i shall not furnish the room as a bedroom." " Well, that was the original idea," I replied. At last we were settled in our new house. I will not attempt to describe our removal and subsequent establishing of ourselves and our furniture. It was not pleasant to go through the experience, and it is not pleasant to recall it. I think Margaret and I came as near hav- j inga quarrel as we ever did in our lives ; —at that time. It all floats through my mind as I thinli of it. A confused dream j of bedsteads and sideboards in the draw ing room, warbrobesin the dining-room, Dresden china and mirrors in the kitchen. Maples men and strange cats everywhere, tinned-beef dinners and a general, all-; pervading atmosphere of straw. But at last it was all over, and Mar garet triumphantly declared that the house looked as if we had lived in it for years. I thought it rather a dubious compliment but I did not tell her so. One morning as we were sitting at breakfast, a letter was brought in and handed to my wife. "The postman is ! late this morning," she said as she took it. I said nothing; I had caught a j glimpse of the hand-writing and a huge golden monogram on the envelope. It was from Aunt Georgina. I laid down my knife and fork and looked blankly across the table at Mar garet, who looked blanker still. She had just spread a piece of toast with marma lade—although she was in the middle of eating an egg—in sheer desperation and self-abandonment. "I can't read it," she said presently, tossing the letter across to me. " It looks as if she had written it with her left hand and her eyes shut." I deciphered its contents with some difficulty, and then read it aloud to Mar garet. It ran as follows : "My Dear Maggie"—("I wish she wouldn't call you Maggie," I said.) So I hear you are established in a new town house. I am thinking of running up next Saturday till Monday, just for a change of air for myself and Boulotte (Boulotte was her pug), ancT~to Katfe" a' peep at the fashions. May I occupy your spare room ? Of course yon have a spare room, I know the delightful plan of all London houses. AH news when we meet. Your affectionate " AtTNT GeOBGINA." To-day was Monday; she had not given us a long notice of her coming. "To think of her trying to make us believe that she is only coming from Saturday to Monday," said Margaret scornfully. " I don't quite see how she could * peep at the fashions' between Saturday afternoon and Monday morn ing unless she means she is going to study the bonnets in church." " Well," I said, dividing iny morning paper in two, and giving Margaret the part with the births, deaths, and mar riages, which she always likes to see; " it's awkwatd her wishing to come to us just as we have decided not to have a ; spare room, but we can easily write and say we haven't one." " Ho," said Margaret shaking her head sagely, " that would never do. In the first place, she would be very much of fended, and she mustn't be offended, for you know, Charles, I have some expecta tions from her—though it is not much." That was very true. " Then," she con tinued, " our mot having her to stay in this house will not prevent her coming up to town. She will come all the same, and stay at a hotel. She will walk in upon us directly she arrives—Saturday afternoon, very probably. She will, of course, expect to be shown all over the house ; and it will strike her as rather pe culiar why we have left our large front bed-room on the third floor empty. You know the horrid way she always notices everything. She will bear down upon me ( with an avalanche of questions, and pro bably get everything out of me before I know where I am. Ho ! What we must do is to turn that room into some other kind of room—not a bed-room," she con cluded somewhat vaguely. It was time for me to go to the city, so we did not discuss the matter any more just then. As I have said, this was Monday, and by Wednesday evening we had not come to any discussion about our spare room. But Margaret had written a polite, though I am afraid, rather hypocritical, note to Aunt Georgina, saying that unfortunately i we possessed no spare bed-room, and en treating her to take up her quarters at the Paddington Hotel, and give us as much of < her Bociety as was possible. On Wednesday evening we began seri ously to discuss our spare room ; time was ■ getting short. Margaret could suggest nothing but a picture gallery or a private chapel; but sb we had no pictures worth speaking of, and there was a church in the next street, the suggestion could hardly be called a good one; and my idea of | turning the room into a kitchen—as the sanitary-dwelling folk tell one that the kitchen should always be at the top of the house—was received by Margaret with : scorn and contumely, " Fancy one's dinner coming down to one, instead of up," she said; "how dreadful it would be. I am sure I should never be able to eat a morse) of it." . " I don't quite see the objection, I replied mildly, "unless you think it would be a * come-down and in any case your dinner mast go down when you eat it, you know." Maigaret took no notice of this remark. It is always a point of honour with her not to see any of my jokes when they are at her expense. She did not even give a smile. "It would be horrible," she went on. " I should feel that the next thing would ; be I should have to wear div ided skirts I and stockings with toes to them. [ "I thought stockings always had toes,' I said, but Margaret vouchsafed me no reply, not condescending to inform me that she referred to Dr. Jaeger's new sys tem, where the toes of the stocking are se parated like the fingers in a glove. Next day, as I was sitting in my office, a brilliant idea suddenly rushed post haste into my mind. It was so brilliant, and also I felt that the time was getting on so fast, that I decided to go home at once and communicate it to Margaret. I was rather proud of it, for as a rule I do not have so many brilliant ideas as she has. Therefore, I at once left the office, although it was only 3.30; and hailing the first respectable hansom that I could see, drove rapidly home. I dashed upstairs into the drawing-room where Margaret was sitting. " Oh, Charley !" she cried ; " how you startled me. I was altering a dress, and I thought you were a caller." And she pulled out her paraphernalia from under the sofa, where she had very hastily hud dled it. " Margaret," I cried, " I have a great idea 1" " What ?" she said, and looked as as tonished as if I had said I had got a rne galosaurus in roy pocket. : " I have an idea about the spare room," T gasped ; for I was veiy much out of J •breath with ray rapid ascent of the stairs. We will—make it—into a—billiard room." AndT sank into a arm chair. "Get on your hat and we will go out and order a billiard table at once." " A billiard room! Of course! the very thing !" ejaculated my wife. " Why didn't we, either of us, think of such a -simple thing before ?" I was not quite so sure about the simplicity of it as regarded the cost at any rate. When Margaret had got her hat and I had recovered my breath we sallied forth, my wife perpetually wondering all the [ way into Oxford-street why we had not | thought of such a simple thing before. ! " Besides," she said, " only think of the 1 cheapness of furnishing a billiard room, i Why, you absolutely want notbiug except ! the table and afew seats." | "A carpet, though, would rather im i prove the appearance of the room, would '■ it not ?"_I ventured to put in. j " Well, yes; but a carpet is not furni i ture." ! I was silent, but J did not feel so tho J roughly convinced about the cheapness of i the arrangement. The cost was certainly ' the least brilliant part of my idea I could not help thinking. I Before we went home to tea that after | noon we had ordered a square of Turkey j carpet, a capital second-hand full- sized billiard table and a few leather-covered seats to put round the room. The carpet was to be made a fixture the next day ; there was no difficulty about that part of the business ; but the table and seats could not be sent till Saturday morning. It was running things very close! Suppose Aunt Georgina and the billiard table were to make tbeir entry into the house at the same time? We were not a stone's throw from the Great Western Motel, and she was sure to come round directly after she arrived—she was one of those people who must air their tongues. But no! On second thoughts such a horrible recontre would be unlikely. Sa turday is only half a day , and the men would be sure to want to get their work over early. It was extremely improbable that Aunt Georgina would arrive before the afternoon. Still, spite of all this, we both felt a little ner vous, and we talked a good deal about it during dinner, and afterwards, when we retired to my little snuggery of a smoking room, opposite the dining room. About 9 o'clock we heard the postman's knock, and Margaret flew to get the let ters. She brought back a post card from Aunt Georgina, and we nearly tore it in two'with both trying to read it at the same time—though there was not much to read: " I Bhall arrive to-morrow morning at the G. W. Hotel, and shall look upon you some time in the af ternoon," was all the information it gave us. I drew a long breath of relief. " By Jove! What a blessing !" I said. " By the time she arrives here onr spare room will be a full-fledged business like looking billiard room, and she will suspect nothing." I am sure we both slept better that night than we had all the week. Directly breakfast was over the next morning, we began to expect our men. I had taken a whole holiday—or 1 should say a half one, as 1 always come home early on Saturdays—in honour of the billiard table and Aunt Georgina. When 10 o'clock struck Margaret affirmed it aB her opinion that the men were not coming at all. I tried to disabuse her of this idea. But when 11 and 12 had struck and no si<ms of them, I began to be alarmed ray self, and Margaret walked up and down down between the front and back drawing room like a bear in a cage, or a tragedy actress rehearsing her scene. I had just gone to my study for a news paper, when half-way down the stairs I heard a shriek from Margaret. I hurried back at ouce. She was standing by tbe window. "Come! Come!" was all that she could say. "What is it?" I cried, rushing to the j window. " The billiard table ?" 1 Alas! it was no such vision of bliBS. J A four-wheeled cab bad just drawn up at j our door, from the window of which was j seen protruding the crumpled, black j face of a pug and a huge nosegay of ■ flowers. I " Perhaps it is some one come to the ; wrong house," I said faintly, catching at ■ a Straw. But the next moment the straw 1 was swept away from me, as a stout fair j lady in a towering floral bonnet stepped l gingerly out of the vehicle, pug iu one ; hand and flowers in the other. It was i no optical delusion. It was Aunt Geor- ( gina. j In another minute she would be in the I drawing-room. What were we to do? Margaret, however, did not lose her pres- ' ence of mind even in this uulooked-for j awful crisis. In all the five years of our married life I have never known it to de sert her. i " Now, Charley," she said emphatic- ; ally, " what we have to do is to occupy her « and keep her in this room till the billiard table arrives." She looked pale, but j dauntless, "and I felt my courage rising by > force of example. j 1 Supposing the table doesn't come at all?" I could not help suggesting dis mally. It's sure to come," she said, catching > her breath ; "and try not to look as if anything was the matter." Well, and here I am, you see!" cried a high-pitched voice. And Aunt Geor gina sailed into the room, pug dog, flow ers, and all, diffusing an overpowering odour of patchouli around her. " I thought you wouldn't mind my dropping in to lunch." (What a lucky thing this isn't the Palace of Truth I thought to my self.) " I really couldn't wait any longer to see my dear Maggie." (Here she rap-; turously kissed my wife.) *' Besides," she added candidly, " they had nothing I could eat at the hotel: so I left Hawkins there with iny luggage and came on to you straight. I've brought yon some flowers out of my garden. Of course I know < London florists are perfection, but, after j all, there's nothing like the real genuine article." j One might have supposed from Aunt ! Georgina's speech that London florists j were in the habit of supplying their cus- j tomers with artificial blooms. We both I murmured our thanks and our delight at ' her premature appearance, while I stooped ■< down and pitted the pug's broad back, by : way of conciliating its mistress. 1 Ah, isn't she a dear creature ?" cried Aunt Georgina, seizing her in her arms to kiss her. " You're a beauty, aren't you, my lovey dovey ?" J The lovey-dovey snorted and wheezed j so apopletically, in answer to this endear- i ing squeeze, that it seemed as if it would ] never be able to get its breath again. So Aunt Georgina deposited her on a i velvet-covered arm chair, while she went round the drawing room, with. Mar garet's arm locked in hers, her gold dou- . ble eye-glass up, exclaiming at and admir ing by turns everything she saw. while I i followed in their wake, trying not to look j as nervous as I felt. i Suddenly, in one of the few and distant j pauses in Aunt Georgina's conversation, or rather monologue, I again beard the sound of wheels stopping at our door; j very heavy wheels this time. By ill- luck \ she was just nearing the front windows, | after having made the tonrof the room, j At once her gold eye-gtasB was up in its place. j "Why, I declare," she exclaimed.] " That huge thing looks as if it were ;stop- j ping at your door. You don't mean to j say you've been buying a grand piano, j you extravagant children ?" i It was the billiard table1 1 I looked at my wife, feeling as if my j heart, and indeed the whole of my inside, j were slowly but surely sinking down into J my shoes. I wished the earth would j open and swallow me up. But the earth, j which is seldom as complaisant as one ] would desire under the circumstances, re- j | fused to budge. j 1 Margaret was clasping her hands be- { hind Aunt Georgina's brown silk back. | In another instant I felt all would be lost; \ when all of a sudden in the back drawing j room arose an unearthly howling and j screeching. Margaret's Persian cat had just strolled lazily into the room in search of a particular arm chair which she lured, when she was roughly accosted almost on the threshold by Boulotte, who, though somewhat adverse to attacking her own species, was not particularly afraid of a cat. But Mrs. Fluff, not appreciating the fun of the thing, boxed her earn soundly two or three times, and a regular scrimmage ensued. Aunt Georgina flew to soothe her howl ing favourite, while the cat, who had \ jumped on to a neighbouring cabinet, to the imminent peril of Margaret's collec-; tion of gimcrack pottery, glowered with angry, green eyes at her cowardly assail ant, her tail the size and consistency of a sweep's chimney brush. It was none too soon ! As Hooked out of the window, the men were just hoist ins the table out of the cart. " You keep her here," Margaret whis pered hurriedly to me. " I must go and look after them, and tell them not to tread heavily." And she vanished from the room. It is too much to say thBt at this mo- j ment I was fairly terrified. If I failed, I was responsible to Margaret. I felt a | violent desire to seize Aunt Georgina by the arm, and march her up and down the room, as they do a person who has swal lowed a narcotic poiBon. A minute more, and the men's feet were distinctly audible tramping past the drawing-room door. If my wife had told them not to tread 1 heavily, they were certainly not obeying , her instructions. "Dear me," said Aunt Georgina, put ting up her eye-glass, as if it enabled her to hear better. " You don't mean to say you have workmen in the house still?" " I think it is some men coming to look at the pipes." I replied. Pipe3 seem usually the things that workmen come to a house to look at, so 1 felt it was a safe thing to say, though not exactly true. But Aunt Georgina seemed bent on in vestigating things for herself. In fact, her hand was already on the door, while a thrill of horror shot through me, when, fortunately, the door itself arrested her attention. Margaret, who is an adept at painting—on anything hut paper (that is to say,; she paints on wood, china, terra cotta and plush ; but paper she can never manage)—had spent some weeks in de corating the drawing-room doors, and the result was eminently charming. " It's very well done," she said, peering through her glasses at my wife's artistic productions. "Those fox-gloves seem growing up quite naturally out of the ground. By the way, where is Maggie gono to?" she exclaimed the next, mo* rnent, sinking dowu on a sofa whichstood near. "I—I think she has gone to look after the luncheon," I stammered. "You Bee, we are young house-keepers, even ; "yet." And I smiled a deathly smile. I caught a reflection of myself in the mirror oppo site, and it seemed to me that I had abso lutely aged since I had got up that morn ing. " My hair will be white soon, I [thought, "if this sort of thing goes on much longer." [ " Dear me 1" said Aunt Georgina, sud j denly starting up from hor seat,; and j dropping the eye-glasses through which i she had been steadfastly regarding me | for some time. " While Maggie is busy, j why should you not show me all over the i house i It will be a capital opportunity, [ and the stairs will give me an appetite for | luncheon. I groaned inwardly. I had been dread ing that she would make the request all along. " I—I'm afraid there's nothing to see, I stammered lamely. " Nothing to see ?" echoed Aunt Geor gina, "I conclude, if there's nothing worth seeing in the rooms there are the rooms themselves 1 Are you afiaid of it taking to long? I should think if, as you say, you do not possess a single spare room to offer a visitor, that is not likely.^ This was said rather stingingly, but I felt that it required a decided answer of some kiDd. Another crisis had come. I screwed up my courage to the sticking point ; though like "Macbeth," I felt I was nothing without my wife. " To tell you the truth, aunt," I began in desperation, "I am afraid Margaret would not at all like my showing you over the house without her. Indeed, I am sure "she would be awfully disap pointed. She has been talking about your coming all the week," I went on, warm ing with my theme; " and looking forward to taking you all over the house, and showing you the new furniture herself, and would be awfully cut up, Fm sure, if I were to play cicerone without her." [ I felt my own man again after thuB assert ing myself, and Aunt Georgina at once looked mollified. It was a happy thought of mine. I had still another tnauvais quart d'heure before Margaret made her appear ance, during which time I industriously plied my charge with photograph albums and books of prints. As for the billiard table men, I thought they must have taken their departure up the chimney, for I heard no more of them on the stairs. Words fail me to express how delighted I was when the dear girl came back to re lieve guard. I don't think she had ever made me so happy since the day she Said she would be my wife. The luncheon bell rang very soon after, and as we were going down-stairs she managed to whisper to me, while Aunt Georgina was attend ing to her pug, that the table was all right, but the seats had not come. " So I took the large arm-chair out of your dressing-room and one or two others to put against the walls, and the room looks all right and finished off. They've fixed the rack up too, and it looks lovely. I made the men take off their shoes be fore they went down again. I told them there was some one ill in the house." " Margaret 1" I said reprovingly. " It's all right," she replied; " the cook's got the toothache. There's no de ception." Our ordeal was over and we were safe. We had a most delightful luncheon. Aunt Georgina, who always enjoys her food, thoroughly appreciated it, and I opened a bottle of my best champagne in her honour. She was in high good humor, and when afterwards we escorted her in triumph over our house, she did not turn up her nose at a single thing, not even at Margaret's money-coloured early- English bed-room candle sticks, which I own lean never hold without a shudder. Her one disparaging remark was xnade when, just as she was leaving the house, she turned round to my wife, who was. standing in the hall, and said : "Your house is absolutely perfection; the only drawback to it Is that vou have no spare room. -Abgost. 