A LtëN'G 1HSMAM'S SAY. TO TIIK liuITOK OK TUB MORNINR BDLLETIK Sir,-1 llave read from tim« to time ia tlio columns of your journal numerous statistical ami ur^uinculativc editorials, convincing paragraphs, aud -Tushing letters, showing np in au able und dispassionate manner thc miA I administration of the present Government, i aud their lamentable inaptitude to manage I State affairs. Our administrators are pain- fully beliing in lluaucial ability and business acumen. I give them credit for meaning well, but doing badly. Unfortunately they remind one uf the old saying "H is paved, with good intentions." ¡ácurc ly had they entered en their adminis- trative duties tliau they emptied the Treasury of itt large surplus aud borrowed the unprece tleu'ed amount of ten millions, which they spent in thc most childlike and profligate manner, with no visible benefit to the country, except perhaps to Brisbane and its immediate surroundings. Is it sot patent to every man of tine discernment and impartial judgment, whose thoughts cannot be nar- rowed down to the stringent limits of party politics, that the present Government have surreptitiously transferred to Brisbane money passed and voted for the construction of our railway from Barcaldine to the Thompson? Well do the navvies, railway contrac- tors, Chamber of Commerce, Rockhampton, and the public in general know and remember the many evasive answers »nd delusory pro- mises inadeby ministers and their chief servants when interviewed regarding its extension. Last May or June a contract of ballast was given to thc contractors, in order, as tbe late Minister for Works said, "That the men should not be disbanded before the fresh contract would lie let." I need not say more ou this subject, beyond the faot that the money was tpent to the tune of £100,000 in buying up freehold property in the Valley, Uriah mo, for which the Government, who forced thu sale, were compelled to pay euormous und faucy prices, and for no vi-ible purpose, except to pleaBe a few members of Parliament, and to lift their friends from peuury .'u« oblivion tn a position of influence, atllucucc, and even luxury. Wo should like to »ce SJch works «>f philanthropy take place iu our millet, provided they were not at the expense of tho country iu general, und ours in. particular ; aud did not impose a cruthing tax ou countless unborn children of the soil. Well, what happened-the great body of the men after growing penniless, waiting for the works to bu resumed, »ere compelled to leave at last, aud u-pair either to the Croydon or Mount Morgan, which places were easy of uccess, und gave certain bread ; otherwise they would stund as much in need of a miracle Luing wrought in their l'gard to provide them food in this desert as the Israelites did in theirs. You party politicians-think for a moment, carefully refh-ct, aud picture to yourselves what would bo the state of affairs in Central and Northern Queensland if the Croydon and Mount Morgan g hifields were suddenly to turn out iluliere. These fields conjointly give direct employment and exclusive sustenance ta fully fourteen thousand people, besides th« ! vast number of pci-Bons of varied interests I and avocation**, who derive almost an ¡mme' 1 diäte beucht from them. Notwithstanding their gigantic existence, and the Ten Millioi 1 Loan, w iiioli has vanished, leaving a horribU ghost behind (tillich will haunt us and oui children for ages yet to come), I ask tn J fellows in the Railway Department, have thej ever seeu so mauy able- bodied swagmei travelling up mid il .wu the railway line Willing to work, but uuablc to procure it and who ure compelled, rather tuan be dis honest, tu b"g li oin na t ii eui ly all our wnuldbe members, in try iug to amass some political capital, babb*, alunit thc Transcontinental Railway, whicl the emnitty «ill not accept, and which ever; telegraph post ought to know is abandoned They all tell us thu Kanakas, Coolici Cingalese, and, in fact, black labour i ge-ural, is to be dispensed willi, aud w gladly accept the comitinu decisiou. live the yellow agony is di-oimd to cxpatriatio or patriation. whichever you like to call i: and it ii full time thc danger of its iuhcrcr lepr- sy was sent to Hongkong. The Hoi C- B. Dutton need «ot bu alarmed, houcvei ns there is nu law, cx.-cpt that of cxtcrinim tion, w luche.ni dupiivu kim of his favouril lilacliF, the al-nrig uals ; aud it is to be hope he will live to bec the funeral of thc last i the I uwion blacks, which is almost sure I take place un Bauhinia WOUTIS. I will now remind your readers of whi that gcntlomau said in the House of Assemb when accu-cil oï cmpl'iying blacks on h station. When he found that proof positi' was forthcoming lie (Mr. Dutton) said tb they (thu blicks) «ere more reliable at trustworthy than moat of the whites. I ref your rcadeis to Htttifard for the truth what 1 stutc. Sn much for black labour I Mo-t of us ruilwuy employees have rei that vciy buspiei-.u-. document compiled at circuí lied hy a certain publican at Kmeiu tryin/ to gull tim ulccLore inti voting for M Dutton, lt in tun thin. What a change h taken place when this boniface champions t Ciusu of thu mi way men. It H highly st: «cítivu that he is now catering for tin patronage a« the silveitails atc nearly i gone. Tin- lion. Mr. Du t u mys he restored fr râlions lu the IrnulliMiu'ii, and took there Oil all the lioveinilient rottiges with the I ception of the in-pe tors', who, hy thc wt ure few in iniinlier. .md canunt consequent iiifli-cuce 1rs eleeti.m one wav or thc otb. He that as it in .y. he admits thc justice thc principle, miking us pay freight on u ratiiuis, and rent . n thc cottages, other«* he wo'dd be hound as an honourable and ji man to lefimd lo u., mic ami all, the f amount paid away iu freight aud rent. \ kn iw he would -.iiotnitc almost anything ji ?iou, still hu h.a no' done that or even p mised to do it ll is «vident- if he is rcturi to poner, all our privileges would lie RIVI away inimi diately. Has ¡ie not thc thin r nf the wedg- in already in mating thc few spectors pay rent *>n their cottages? H* they uot ns good a right as the others to rent free ? A very pertinent ipirstion for most of and which, if it eau be answered satisfactory must serve »9 a key to many others, is:-W is responsible for shortening thc hands on I railway?-Thc answer ie. Mr. Dutton and others. That gentleman said in Parliam M llur, railways weio considerably o\ manned " and for which his chief com¡ meiitcd him hy saying '* lt required a man Mr. Hutton's strength of will and del initiation of character to deal with sud strong ilepirtnie;/. ia the I atiway, ond make the necessary deductions in it." 'J fact now is the mm cannot keep the leng in order, except in a few favoured pim which acenunts for thc many removals gangers made fruin time to time on lengths, especially in bad wentlier. I have now come to a very shady tra action in Mr. Dutton's career, that is, send a paid emissary to canvasB the district him, or rather to try to coerce the rath employees into voting for him, whose li master be is. Mr. dansey tried all man of dodges in carrying ont his dirty «< Whenever he mot any strong opposition he invariably held out threats of dismissal if his .master «as re-elected to power. Uti did not directly threaten his opponent, but gave tho threat to some neighbour he knew would convey it to him for whom it was intended. He changed hÍB nationality as he thought -occasion required, and once, at least, desig- nated himself as a crossbred. That would not matter much if he did not use intimida- tion willi the railway men, and make un- manly, but I think fruitless, efforts to infringe upon the liberty and privacy of the ballot box. This letter cannot bo truthfully rebutted, end I appeal to the men on tho railway to express their unbiassed verdict upon it, which I am euro they will do on thc 5th of May. I for one believe that thc railway em- ployers, all included, are infinitely more trustworthy and reliable than Mr. Dutton's blacks-a ra'.hcr poor compliment to pay them 1 must admit-aud, in addition, that many of them have that intelligence, honesty, and honour which would well become many of our Members of Parliament. 