ITo-Morrow-A Tragedy (Gtmehulvd.) ' Paul rushed forward. Lucy had fallen on the floor in a dead faint, her whito faca' Dp turned, the holly still in her hand. " Could she have heard what we were Hay ing outBide I" Paul exclaimed in dismay, as he knelt by her side. . " I thought wo spoke quite low," said his brother, almo3t equally aghast, his face pale and perturbed. '. Tommy, run and fetch your mother ?" They left Luoy in Mrs. Norton's oare.Paul only boing iuduood to aooompany his brother by his sister-in-law's repeated assurances that it was only a fainting lit, whioh sho knew per fectly well how to manage. Mr. Norton's startling tale was true. Thore on the borders of the wood, partly screened by the bushes, the body of the stranger who had presented himself as Mr. Baresford at Hazelmead the day previous lay, stark and frozen, among the long, frosty grass. He had been shot through the heart, and on searoh being made, a pistol was found a fow yards oil-a pooket derringer, small enough to be concealed in a lady's hand, but carrying the deadly, largo conical ball. Was this awful deed suioide or murder? There was no sign of a struggle, nor evidence appajant on a oursory examination to tell the tale. Mr. Norton notified the polioe, and on their arrival the body was conveyed to o ie of the outhouses, to await the inquest. No letters bearing any address or giving any clue to the dcceased's family or residence were found upon him. Inquiries made at the "Tiger," the nearest inn to Hazelmead, clioitedthat the daocascd had arrived theroon foot the day before, had partaken of refresh ment, asked tho way to Mr. Norton 'a and said he would return to the inn to sleep ; but meanwhile before this information reached Hazelmead, Paul Norton bad returned'to the house. " Is MisB Lucy better ?" was his first eagor inquiry. .'Oh, yes," replied Mrs. Norton ; "it was just a faint. She says she was feeling very ill this morning, as, indeed, any ono could see ; and she was startled, and afraid there was something wrong when Hal oalled you out of the room. She is much better now, and is lyiniy on the diniDg-room sofa." I Paul, want to Luoy and bent "over her with tenderest inquiries and expressions of .rogretful fear that his overheard conversation I with his brother had givon her a shook., " I never thought you'd hear us," he said, deprceatingly. "lameorry I fainted and fcight6ncd you nil," she murmured. " But womon are weak OKatures, you know," and her lips quivered suddenly into a strange smile, a pale gleam of ghastly mirth.- . "Yes, we who are strong moat, bo ooreful of you tenderer plants ; it is our place to I guard and shield you. Luoy, how I would prize the piivilego of eharishing you if you would give it to me t I love' you even more when you are pale and ill than in health and brightness;" . - " Is this a time to talk of - love when death is eo'noiti ~ "Lovo isi no child's play.; it is one of the earnest things of life-as true and real as death itself," he rejoined, gravely. " Who taught you that j" ' ? " You !-it was you who have taught mo what love is." v Sho fixed her largo gray eyes on him with a wild, despairing'gaze. " I r.onder would you forget me if I wera gone away forever?" . ' P tal'a protestations wore cut short'by Mrs. Norton's appenranoe with aJ cup- of Btrong tea for Lucy. . That evoning, «a Luoy eat with Mrs. and M;s3 Norton and-Paul in the parlor, there was a ring at the hall door, and on its being opened, a strange voice was audible in \ col? loquy with the serve,ut-a/indn's voicej rather low, with a peculiar rneonarit quality in its toue. Luoy glanco^'up with a violent start. Mrs. Norton listened a moment, then went to the door, and culled : "Whr.t is it, Sarah ?" " A gentleman from London wants to apeak to the roaiter, ma'am. I've shown,him into the diuingroom." Mr. Norton went out. Paul'looked at Lucy. "How you tremble! You are feeling* worse ? '.,ho aaked. ... ~ " I'm nervous; the least thing startles me," 'sbe answered. . : ' : . . - " You are ill, I am sure ; won't you go'up stairs i>nd lie down 1' lie urged. . », - " I .ihink'I will," bho-.murinured. . - "Let me help you,".he said, eagerly " lean on mo." . \ Jane Norton refrained-from pressing her services,, and left Paul to .lend Luoy his arm up tho stairs-a support\not' bo necessary perhaps as ho thought it. Lusy did not sps»ak until she reachcd her own door; then eKg said in<a hollow voice : " Thauk'you-you oro' very kind to me always. I don't think I'll oome down stairs again to-night." . " No-don't; " wo shall all miss you-but try to sleep," he said, tenderly. When Paul went down stairs, his brother, with a'lighted lantern, was taking the visitor out by the book door. They've gone to seo the body," said Mrs. Norton, with tho grave and awe- strioken ex pression whioh seemed unnatural on her fair fcesli, comely faccg^§£ti& " Who is it?" qMBBaSnl. " His name is'^SSiHwood-and, Paul," lowering her voice, "'he's a polioeman in plain clothes from Scotland Yard." " From Saotland Yard ? Why, surely there is no time for them to have got a fel low down from there already, even if they telegraphed on tho instant." 011A "No , it seomB he hasn't came about this business; he didn't know of the death. As far as I can make out he came on some errand'about this very Mr. Bereaford, who, it oppears, iin't Mr. Beresford at all 1 Oh, dear ! it makes my head whirl to think of I And he a&ked; ubout our-household; add Paul, L'eems curious about Luoy-asked what our governess's namo was,and how long she'd been with us, and seemed to wish to see her. 11 fear we nre getting tangled op in Bome I mystery, Paul." .' Some dreadful mare's neat, he rejoined, I abruptly, but|winoing. "It is a dotectivG I business to find marcs' neatfl. Of course I they moke enquiries about all the member of a household when a tragedy like this hap- i nana. Bat Luoy is too ill to be troubled to night ; it would be simply oruel to diBturD her. She wants rest; Fanny, yon kind soul, let her have it." " ".I'd be the lost one to worry her. M doubt it is a policeman's duty to ask all sorts of qnSstions ; but this is a dreadful affair And Mrs. Norton began to weep. She went up to see the iuvalid presently; and returning assured Paul that she haan t been worrying her at all-only bathing her forehead and talking to her, and telling licr to go to bed. , ? Excited and disturbed, they kept late hours at Hazelmead that night. Paul was the lost to go to his room. He tried to tread lightly as he passed the room wherein _bo imagined Luoy was Bleeping; but his tiptoeing was wasted oare, for us he reached her door it opened softly, as if she hod been watohing for him. She stood on the threshold, still in her gray dress, her hair disordered, and her eyes dilated with a fixed intensity of gaze. " I hoped you were asleep," he oaid, look ipg at her with tender surprise and j anxiety. , , _ " I shall eojn be. But I thought I would say good-night to yon, Paul." " My darling 1" he whispered, arid fondly and rovoxently kissed her. "Go to sleep, love, don't fret about anything. If there is anything to trouble you, we'll talk it over to morrow. I'll no5 keep Jou now." Good-night-," she said, softly. " You have all been very kind to mo. You shall know what my troublo is to-morrow." " Good-night, my darling; sleep well," he said. A strange smile lit up her face. " Yes, I shall sleep well," she replied. The eilence of night rested like a pall on Hazolraead. Moat of the Nortons, weary with the exoitement of the day,slept soundly, but Paul was restless. Towards daybreak, break, howover, ho full into a deep slumbor, from whioh ho waa arouaed by a suddeuoon Bciousneas of some undefined horror and dread, whioh resolved itself into a Bound of hysterical sobbing aomewhere-a muillod murmur of horrified voices. Paul sprang up and dressed. What new calamity liad hap pened? He beard the words, "Keep the children in their rooms, and aend for tbe dootor," ond-what waa that his brother answered? "The doctor can bo of no use here!" Hero-where? Paul rushed out into tho'corridor; a moment took him to Lucy's room. Mrs. Norton started ,at sight of him, and inatinotively atretched her arms across the door as if to keep him back. His brother, pale and horror-atrioken, stood by Luoy's bed. " What is it 1" cried Paul, hoarsely. Mrs. Norton could only answer by a sob. Ho broke past her like a madman ; he rushed to Luoy's side, looked down on her as she lay, I whito and rigid-the marble stillneB?, tho livid hues of death on her faae. One glance was enough; it was too true that no dootor uould be of any use here. Life had been ex tinct for hours. A small phial, ompty, unlabelled, was found uudor the pillow; on tho table writing materials were scattered about as if lately used, and Among them lay a letter, the direution uppermost ao as to catoh tho eyo. , It was addressed to Paul, and there, standing i by his dead lovo'a side, ho read her last j worda. " I told you that you should know all about .m-j to-morrow. So you will-no doubt of that. The hounds will tell you all when they find that I have escaped them. I am hunted down fit last. There is only one refuge left j me, and they will not follow me there. I feel as if I had always known this hour would come; and I have kept something ready for it, as you will find to-morrow. I heard Dash wood's voice, and when he eec3 my face ho will tell you who I am ; and ho will guess what you.havo not suspcoted-that it was I who shot the man you Baw qb Beresford. He j insulted and thrcatoued mo; I hau my little j American pistol with me, and 1 shot him. Oh, Paul, have some mercy on my memory I Pon't think me bad 1 You wouldn't if you only knew the martyrdom in which I have ex piated my past-the hopes I had of a bettor j life 1 And this last deed is no crime. I have rid the world of one not fit to live. He had j no meroy on me, and I had none forhitn. He was tho curss of my lite from lirHt to last. I owe him wcrso than doath for the wreck and ruin lie made of me. \ I "BeliBva tho worst they toll you of me-< cept one thing. Of the worst crime laidtd my charge I am innocent. Of the murder in i whioh I was accused of oomplioity four years ! ago I am as innocent as little Amy; but who J would believe it of a woman who has led my life? I was acquitted, but few realiy thought me innocent! I say again that Iain , nnooent of that. You've Been the children'2 with me. Don't you think their white souls would have felt it, if that had been true 1 My haud3 were clean of blood-guiltinesa-until last night. " I couldn't bear the ohildron to be near me to-day-itlseemod strange they didn't shrink away. I know I shall see thaai again. ,1 mignt have brazened - this out as I have other crises nearly as bad, but since I've known'you I have been changed. I have felt as I used to feel when I was an innocent girl. I might havo been a good woman if I'diuiown you earlier, and had your love to lean upon. . . - ~ ?' Aa it is you have had a luoKy escape; still, a better woman oouldvnotlove you muro than I do. ! " Now, good-by. Try to forgive and for get me.' 1 never would have wronged you, ' but you aio well rid of me. Do not tninicl of mo as Lydia Walbrook! I lsft that hated name," that necuraod lila behind when j I bamo here. Think of me only aa tho j woman who loved you better than tho life she j u glad to leave-nevermore Lydia'I only your lOBt . "LUCY.-"' Yeara passed away. At l lazelmead Paul's painting-room was Bhut up; the dust gath ered on tho deserted easel and old portfolios, j and on tho one picture whioh remained there, with its face turned to tho wall. Homo had been sweet to him onco, but now it was homo , no more. When ho was there, the bitter | waters of memory went over him; he could | not bear tho associations that filled the place.! Every corner was haunted by the image of tho . woman ho had thought ao good and puro, who. was a sin stained waif and stray; notorious -for it was but a few years since tho name . of Lydia Walbrook had been on every mail's | lipa in n yet unforgotton criminal oaeu. He never spoke of tho blow that crushed his heart, but the mainspring of hia life was i broken. AH his associates found him a j ohangod mat.. His few intimatos said , among themselves that Norton had under gone Bome terrible esperionco,. and would never ba the Bamo again, Ho tried to devote himself to his art, but his nature was too emotional for art and ambition to fill the place of love. Success was as Dead Sea fruit to him ; and against failure, when it aame, he had no talisman of homo love and faith to comfort him. Ho had sent his hopss, hiu faith, bis very heart of life, to sea in one frail vessel that had gone down with all on board. And BO years rolled away, mid bj luat illness struok him down ; hiu failing hand had to lay tho bruah aside : and then, weak and lonely, he thought of the old homo and of his early days; then the tender memories of old overflowed in the bitterness of the later past; and then he went back to Hazelmead, as they besought him to return and be eared for by his own people-went baok, as they all saw, never to leave it more. It was his fancy to have his old den arranged as his sleeping-room. As he gave instruc tions for the moving of the furniture, hia eye dwelt on the picture loaning with its face to the wall, just as he had turned it years ago when he went away. "Leave it," he said. "Don't touch it; let it be as it has been 1" So, in that room, filled with sad memories, he lay and waited for death ; and who Bhall say what ghosts haunted him 1 Were they all dark shadows of the tragedy and horror of the past?-or did softer visions mingle with them, of the tender dreams and golden hopes that once were his 1-did ho recall the sweet hours he had passed here before the blaok and bitter seas went over his soul 7 Often he lay and gazed at the corner wherein the unframed canvas leaned against the wall, the dust gathering on the face that was turned away-hidden- yet not as the face, whose silent imago it waB, was hidden in the grave-mould, beneath the ooffin-lid. And ono day, when all knew the end must be near, ho pointed to the picture and said: " Turn it-set it were I can see her." And his sister turned it, and swept away tho veiling dust, and he saw again the Bweet pale face, in its frame of golden hair, the lips of soft and subtle curve, tho dreamy eyes that told no tale of tragedy,for his hand had not pourtrayed, baeau.se his oyo had not ro oogniB6d,the black shadow of lior life. And g azing at tho portrait, hie lips were unhealed, aud he talked of her as he had done for years-spoke, not of her sins and suf ferings, but recalling trivial ineidonts and memories of their happy days. That night, as they watohed by him, they knev/ his days were numbered. He bad sunk into an un consciousness that wns rather stupor than sleop. At dawn he stirred, opened his eyes, and bade them draw up tho ourtains and let in the light. The ohilly light of early morn ing full on the portrait. He raised himself, supported in his brother's arms, and with a strange, wild fixity, his eyes grew to the pia ture his hand had painted, lie spoke in a voice to whioh the old riug of strongtk seemed magically restored. "Where am I going-and whero is she I Lost-lost-where ore the lost souls ?" "l'aul-Paul I" his brothor replied, witfc solemn emotion, "it is not for us to eny. The meroy of God is infinite I" Tho dews of death wore on Paul Norton'» brow, his voice grew hoarso and hollow, at ho asked with terrible earnestness : " Is my poor love lost ? No, no-it cannot be. Somewliera wo shall moot. She said-'to morrow." Then suddenly eyou hie lit up with a flash of wild and rapturous recognition as he exolaitnod: ''Not lost!-notlostl -Ah, s.'e I she smiles I ITcs, to-morrow, Lucy, to morrow !" That look of strange, unearthly raptuto was on his face as he died; and, was it only his delusion or did Lucy smile in*, deed ? 