Beligion and Philanthropy. Australian Churches. j Sermon'by Dr. MoorhousBi On Sunday, May 20, a sermon was preached at Great St. Mary's, Cambridge, by the Bight Iter. the. Lord Bishop of Manchester (Dr. Moarhousd, Sc. John's College, Bamsden Readier, and late Bishop of Melbourne. Tfco text wwActsi;8:<lYe shall receive {tower "Whea'the Holy Ghost is oome upon you; and ye shall bo . my witnesses, both In Jerusalem and all Judea and Samaria, and unto the utter* most part* of the earth." - The bishop said I am to speak to you to'-day about the pod* .Con and expansion of the Church of England in the colonies and dependencies of the British .Empire, and I dare say you will pardon me if I confine my observation to that part of this vnde'subject of which I have some personal knowledge. For. 'moie than nine years I watched the operations of • Ora Cstjech is? Australia., and took necessarily an active part in its work and government Baring that period I read many reports of' the condition and progress of the chnach, now by residents and now by paw ing visitors, bat in all cases they seemed to me tobeeithor erroaeooa or inoomplete. Some re-er^ to work in special districts, and sometimes to snob- passing phases of church devebpment as happened to strike the mind of an '-intelligent 'stranger, bat in no ess 3 •fcould I nave -' said that they presented «wh a picture of the reality as would convey an adequate impression to the mind of -an uuinstructed reader. I am quite aware of the immense difficulty of producing such a picture. Nothing indeed is easier than to cony ff°m some textboob the number of bishops, -clergy,* oommunicants, and adherents in the 13 Australian diooeees, to oompare the number of .'such officers and members, and the amount of the::fends which they raise, with the corre sponding returns at som e earli er da te, and thence : to draw conclusions, favourable or the opposite, after the manner of statisticians. - But this. \- &«cr all, tells one very little. What an intelli gent observer defelree to know is, \- ' HsAanyo of Thesh Fzouaas. . At tio present time.for instance, he would ^ toe likely to put such questions as these: Is the tocrease which you note due to anything else .than tfce natural, the almost mechanical ad • Ql set apart to dc whatis • rr0?^ to be a useful work, and urged bv . their interest not loss than by their convictioii • to extendlit? When yon build now churches, • * nufi filled by men who heartily . believe the. doctrines preached in them? Do the oolomsts accept your ministrations with the hearty response of faith, or only with the per fnnotMT acameecenee of those who think it reroeotahle, or oomfortable, or perhaps even useful to renow dropped habits, and to imitate the example of their forefathers? In one woed, w the Church of England in the colonies A.LtTOO-F°BOE OB OsiT A Tivttt.t, Jojur Accepted,fob Wast of SojtEimsa Bbttkb P 8?ma of ttese wonia be rather awkward qaertiois if asked about the ohuroh at home and you mutt not expect me to give an nncon \- t"*6! 40 o£ tiem- Bat this in fn^A0™ that the Church of \- England has many children in theeolonies who , SI? "R4 "oner and energy to sup jW^Mulextena it^.because they believe that , w e Bpint u in it, and that, with all its im. ^ u the best, and for them the most • o{ 010 kingdom of God with ■ ?c9asiat^- So doubt there ETQ mUT flPGiteiift/t wiamI,.-. *i _ a, ■ ~ . &o; aouot mere • SSf "ho/ profesnn? members of the Church of England ihere who cannot be expected to seek MS munlstrahons for themselves. Scattered settlers \- Bioansp a Habd Battle fob Bbead, • h^f^dn.f|l8ir/n6an,'sTearied *»th their v, janonr, and often depreased in spirit br their ; Isolation, are too likSy, if ieft into religious indifference. And this, surely, ,; M^no.more "than might be expected. Dr. • Primers pouited out long ago fhat frestrade «>ald never answer. There is no ''thwT?f Crra E? a detnand {or the good S" • ° sease- Bat 5n th® Pre sent state of man s nature, attribute it to what 40 ori8inal lapse or an iro • °0t ,of 11,8 brute, nothing ia tha^Sl. 'oep aUve in 1518 mind of tmr^bly " U,tere8t iD -d The Supply of Religious Oedixamces . ??agh- " It is left to be regulated S ■4«£ -SS^'ias'igsi-^ GbEATXESS OF THE IxFmirE Umss* to make sacrifices to mlnni ' j" are reaiiy , If the church fX iu ! " ?- ™-d. ™u!a them. tally, nay, I woid «v '15 " ^Ba* . to some fault or deficiene, r?th "■V'1' . «ow. I may be aS ^ ? IniTU;r B'lt !i. present in the hearts of her children^ hV<H WW Abe Hbb ,-oa M'2 F^woae - is ths, present Wen^ c-ilture fe May we assume that they. know any thing of those modern speoulatfona, which hit* peoved themselves sock dangerously diaibte* grating forces at home, and if hot what is likely to be the effect Of Btlfin speculations, when, as is inevitable, they make tfrairway to the antipodes ? I am afraid that my answer to this question cannot be a simple or a short one. The population of such a colony as Victoria may be roughly divided into two parts i that of the city and that of the bush, "ttt ttibh a oity as Kelbourne there is a small Class of UiOhly tJ&LTUnso; Men, who read all important EnglUh and American works and the principal magazines almost as Won as they are published.' No doubt the majority of the citizens, there, as in other great commercial centres, spend. the. main part of their time and energy in poshing their business. Bat, "whatever may be the cause, whether the beautiful climate, or the general prosperity, or the buoyancy of feeling in a new. world, or all of these together, certain it is that men make more leisure for reading, yea, and show more interest in the highest subjects of thought than do the corresponding classes at home. Nor is thia interest in great subjects confined to the richer part of the population. It is universal. Tbe proof of this, and perhaps to a certain extent the cause of it, is to be found in the eharaoter of Tits Colonial Newspapess. They give to their readers, not merely a record of social and commercial changes, not merely reports of political, municipal, and judicial proceedings, with 6crappy nojtioes of popular books, .but also elaborate and well-written renews of thoughtful works, with full reports of all important lectures on theological and philosophical subjects. If, then, a working: •man reads nothing but his newspaper, his attention is attracted to the most weighty and ennobling themes by the dear, thought and bright style of the reports and reviews which he finds there. I am afraid that there ia far less interest in 6uoh subjects among the corre sponding class athome. The veteran lecturer, Thomas Cooper, complained that on the occa sioned a late visit to Lancashire he found that the interest of working men in • the highest subject* had declined. They talked mainly, he About Dividends and."Co-ops," that is. shares in co-operative companies. And that remark of his points, I believe, to one main reason of the difference in this respect between English and colonial working men. At. home tha attea tion of the worlrng classes is tamed as strongly to the improvement of their material condition as is that of thinkers in general to physical Bciraee, and for the same reason, that for the first tune in many. centuries effort In these directions has become fruitful and hopefnl One cannot wonder thit in these daye the Eng lish working classes are bent on securing Better Provision for Thetr Families. ; They.needed it,- and they have only just grasped Hie means of gaining it. Bat then it follows that they are romptod to hope toil much from material good, and to lose their interest in higher things. Now, in the colonies; where all men have land of their own, or high wages, they understand better that poSs cannot be fed on things, and that when a man has got the largest share of worldly good whioh an equitable distribution can assign to him, he will only begin to live when he begins to have oommumon with the ideal and the eternal I iw!La00°?ii?g^ tliat intere9t " "ligions thought and feeling was often more lamely developed in the bneh districts than even in the cities.-: Work in those districts, it is true, is hard and exhausting, the Isolation op the Lonely Fabjobs ia Soaring#, or upon sparsely peopled plains ,8 sometimes very painful. Bnt then the newspaper, with its large and liberal message, reaches them wellnigh every day. Into the remotest oornara of the vast forest the postman, on foot or on horsebaok, oontrives to pmetrate; and when work is over, and the log- fire crackles in the ohimney, and the kmosrne iamp as lighted, the farmer settles himself to reading, which often means to thinking, upon the deepest questions which are occupying the mind of the TVn'a u m,°°haTe faeara of Huxley and Tyadall, aye, of Banr and Strauss, of Herbert Iha^fn ^0' Scllopea!?aaer> and many a time Lwum sjd,tara i" wooden halls and schoolhonses when I have dealt with sub jeots which would have been thonght abstruse and uninteresting at home. It is 8Mtru8e A Bai.ci.vo Exercise I can assure you, to Dour out the deepest thoughts of one's heart to each an audience of thoughtful men, so still, so eager and appreciative. Yes, there is deep religions feeling m Australia, and if thought on religions subjects be sometimes daring W e^aifc if iSfa™ erooaers' wlth imperfect knowledge ind culture, have sometimes come to strange and startling eonelosions, is this anything more than might have been expected? At any rate, thought is alive, feeling is in tense, and if with such hearers a man answer to°1h ^ tte °°-apel of Chriit haa an aimwcr to the deep questions that are stirring •within, this must be the fault either of ft! coldness or narrowness of the speaker A hundred tunes I have been gratefully assured by serious men that the Gospel, Lieqely ayd Lieeeally Ikteefreted. ,°t:; th.dr deepest needs, and ia held fast tor ri, 7? J*™**".811 tbe more tenacious i the way to its better understanding. I can say ' ;! ;? ^'^.'-^''Meiice that the Gospel of Christ I in its spiritual tiinpiicity has a deep and secure ters^ft0' th°Ue"Eds f* Mrticurn'r »?r„ A3""" m i-v "tW> about that of En-land ? 1 ? SreHC-tWi tho Vburch '. .Are the doctrine*, ihe discipline and the worship of that church as welcome ns I eaouot .T' "K W"r,ir "£ iU Sir tion which beet represents - tia Christian religion, ahd that all which is needed to. make Ikme church of the future is suoh reform as ti its fundamental constitution admits , of.' \I oj must not conceal froin you, however, that d reform is desired by many even in its dogmatic tl statements. . . tatemencs. •< The only painful debate which ever occurred tl U Biy Diocesan Assembly was on is proposal to ia tay Diocesan naoeuiuiy was uu a jiimiuau. m. request Uie General Synod of Australia to relieve the difficulty which some.ehuidhinen 1< felt in reciting r : . d The Athanislut Ceeed. The voting on this morion showed that a "small majority of the lay members of the Assembly were in favour of some, alteration, while_a small majority of the clergy were against it. As the voting in the Assembly is taken by orders, and no proposition can be carried with out a majority of both orders, the;resolution was lost As, however, the loud olamorir of the conservative members had created the impres sion that the Assembly was decidedly opposed to any ohange, the result was looked upon as a victory by the Liberal party, and I cannot doubt that a similar resolution will be - ultimately carried in that Assembly.' Another « sign of the growing desire for reform in ' doctrine waB a resolution introduced by a: i Peoioment Hkjh-Chdbchjian . ' at the General Synod of Australia, recom mending the omission in daily worship .of the impreoatory psalms. Again the furious con servatism of some members of the eynod (offended at the rather . inconsiderate language of the . mover of the ; resolution) cteated a scene. So imminent indeed appeared the danger of a schism, that some' of us had to patch up a peace by sup pressing the question. It is pretty sure, how-' ever, to be brought on again, and will ulti mately lead, I cannot doubt, to somo change. Those who still use PttE IltPEECATOnY pQiTVrc had to explain that they only read them' as! they read the lessons in some other parts of the Old' Testament, as interesting and edifying records of early phases of the spiritual life. It was urged, however, on the other side, that in the minds of plain men the imprecatory Psalms occupy a place in our service which gives to them the character of worship, and that: as expressions of Christian feeling they are not to [ be endured. Some relief was anticipated from anew translation, bat when men find that the' Eerised Version repeats , suoh a Psajm. as the 69th in toe imprecatory form, the demand for reform is sure to become more urgent. ifuch will he borne in Australia, but Patxexqb has its Lxtar, ... and that limit has dearly been reached on this subject in toe Kpiscopil Church of America. The revised prayer-book of that church has pro vided ten new selections of Psalms to be said instead of toe Psalms for the day, at the dis cretion of toe minister. Some of toe Psalms in these selections have been mad9 more suitable for Christian worship by the omission of verses which express earlier and ruder phases of the religious feeling, and if only a reform of thia fand be consistently carried out, the hymns of toe sweet singers of Israel will be as welcome and as suitable in toe Christian worship of toe future as toe very best of those which find a place in our hymnbooks. If toe Australian Church should press upon us a demand for toe Eepobm op Ous Psalmody, '*■ I think, do-us an important service by ; ject. StiU it mnst not be snpposed that these ! reforming movements . are necessarily toe heralds of schism or heresy. Australian churchmen have no desire to leave or destroy toe church of their fathers. They wish to stand upon the old lines, to keep unbroken toe bond of 'heir union with the historic past, and to conserve those matchless forms of prayer and praise which embody the most spiritual devo tion of aU the Christian ages. They want re form, not revolution;' The Ikpbovehhst op the Old Chubch, , not toe creation of another. And they are toe more established in this conservatism of feeling' .£> rn ("hmate acquaintance with the sad results of Protestant divisions. People in Logland cannot undersiand the full evil of sectanau competition. They have a national }-Z l *hloh bL™ans of the Christian liber ality of our ancestors, can still hold its ground m the poor and scantily.paopled parts of toe country, and which by its national position wt v?1 l0??8170 ra%inK line for all toe broken skirmishing psrties of too Protestant ' mi" ^ben716° >n the colonies of Aus it ot England is still indeed reoognised there as their church by a larger number of people than profess their adhesion to any otoer religious denomination. This cir cumstance cud the feeling that our church is The Chcbch of the English Nation, give to it a position of primacy, and to its bishops a foremost place amongst Protester, t diminish to an appreciable degree too evils sectarian jealousy and contention. No sooner has a small township been established in a bush clearing than a race begins lTtweenrl,„ te toefill Klou-1 dencmin ution a to be too first in toe field with a church and minister T„ tsclf perhaps that is no greTt eW? Bet Jr at once' G0Spel8 touId reach tbo P°°Pl? ,, Tiieouou Competitive Jzalousv / ^fte'r ytra ofa ^ulS^di^cA « tbis,.hyo worst mil sSj"rcr ^ communities establish, tWeJvea ip Jch'Kj towilfl&ip;, ministers call uiuy uuuuu a main ten anoe byenlarging the sphere of-their-opera Hons and diminishing in eaoh plaoe'thenhrnber of their services. ThuB work becomes .so difficult, harassing, and .physically exhausting; that it tells with terrible effect ■on the qualify both of ministers and their ministrationsr And though ' ' : Mast Devoted IIbw "" ■■■-..,, are spending their strength with splendid reek! lessness on1 these upcountry distriots, sectarian divisions are too surely producing their inevit able fruit of deterioration and discouragement. Here is the very latest utteranco on thissub jecfc (published only three months, ago) of a friend of 'my own, the zealous and; devoted Bishop of;Ballarat. Ho is speaking:of the north- western part of his diocese, and he sayk: " The chief practical hindrance, to church work here is boyond all question .thufcto .whioh I have made- some reference already; i.mean the ,ir Divisions op PaoiESTAjiiisst. ; : , .71 j Reformed Christianity cannot bo massive and potent in the colonial settlements so long as six or seven differentcbodies solicit the' Beparate adherence of the i people. Our church, ques tionless, is far the best exponentof Ghristianify for the colonial populations, and grasps and holdB the most- influential place every where if she can be first in tho field end worthily repre sented. But, as it is, north-west Victoria is being steadily pro-occupied by an ill-educated and contentious sectarianism." After stating these difficulties the good bishop says, as I should expect him to say, that ho would;rather the Gospel was thus preached than not at all, and he announces his intention of. endeavouring to bring about some understanding between- the heads of Protestant Christianity in Yiotoria, with a ■: ' v •; - Vraw to Dihkisiiino the Ems C -r which he has described. I confess that I have myself very little confidence in the efficacy of suoh agreements, having witnessed the failure of one or two. The best hope for the future of Protestant Christianity in- the colonies lies; in my judgement, in the steadfast determination of the Church of England, while simplifying her dogmas and enlarginjg her charity, to sub mit to any inconveniences and reproaches rather than consent to break her unity. filet her get rid as soon as she can of all those bristling causes of irritation whioh fret her wisest sons, let her abandon as false and un christian "■ ...i All. SaCKBDOTAI PaBTENSIOS ' and all imbrofcherly arrogance, and then I be lieve that in no long time the devoutest of the Nonconformist Will rally to her'aa the best .and freest representative of Catholic unity now left in the Christian world. I have sail that the sentiment of unity is strong and influential in the Australian churches, and 1 must now add that in their ecclesiastical organisation they have shown themselves equally mindful of the claim's of liberty and especially of the claim to recogni tion of the lay element in the church. Bach diocese in Australia has its' synod', empowered by Act of Parliament, or established by common consent of its members. In the former case it legislates with authority on all eabjecte, except those connected with faith'nrid doctrine, or those reserved by. consent for the consideration of the General Synod of Aus tralia. In the latter case the same authority .is secured for the acts of the Diocesan Synod by what is called consensual compact—the agree ment, that is, of every clergyman or officer of the church, before he is invested with his office, to submit to the laws' of the synod. ■ Since, therefore, every legislative sot" of theso bodies affects some important interest: of the church, their debates are never wantibg either in earnestness or practical aim. I shall best perhaps giro yon an idea of the composi tion and action of these synods if I describe;to you, as shortly as possible, the constitutions and functions of the • Cmraca. Assembly of Mklbovbne. - This assembly consists of the, ; bishop, ; the licensed clergy, and. one or. more, than one lay representative of each parish-or district in the diocese. These all sit and debate together mo bishop being - ex officio chairman—hut they are three separate orders, and no act or resolution can be valid unless it has been ap proved by all the orders, tho votes of tho cjorgy and laity. being taken separatelv, and the consent of the bishop being signified by his affixing his signature to-any act which tho clergy and laiiy have approved. The legisla tion of this usxembly regulates all < Tub Peactical Affaius of the C hue oil, determines the incidents of all trusts, tho con ditions of all elections of officers, and the duties and rights of clergymen, churchwardens, and vestrymen. By an act of the Assembly a court has been formed' for the trial of any clergymanwhr> maybe charged:with heresy,, irregularity, or moral delinquency; The court consists of the Chancellor of tho: Diocese, aud of two clerical and two lay assessors appointed by the Church Assembly;: and its 'proceedings are so simple and inexpensive, that it.is a real terror to evil- doers, while at the samo. timo its provisions for the fair trial of offences is so adequate that one never hoars such _ CojipnAISTS OF ITS CoxsilTDTION : ' asare somctimos'mado so'loudly in: respect to that of the ecclesiastical cpiirta "of England. Assembly has. also constituted a board of.patronagn for each parish, consisting half of members chosen by tbo assembly, and balf. of laymen chosen by tho parishioners of ...At this board tho bishop occupies the chair, and hash yoto arid a casting vote. u . . ,no; foil,to observe that in all the acts of ecclesiastical lifoin thodiocesoof Melbourne the laity have an effectivo share. . No law 'can be made .without their' assent iu synod. ''No clergyman can be punished without'" their voice being heard-in, the courts. No clcrk'can bo appointed toa parochial' bdncfice rinthout the'* Tho coriscqrienco'is'that ■ Iuitv take a -Dekp I.vteiiest ; in all the affairs of .the eliiireh, that., they, are or the most part ready both; <with; pnrso-.and v.erVl?°-10 su1tll'n lho cburoli's work, nml,;that ... 7' -Clr and practicalwisdom .they con* . tribute no little tothe popularity and effective *'nera• '"of V the" ..church's legislation and judicature." * X "must apologise for dwelling gor' long' on these details, hot I do ? rnot see how I could otherwise give you any :.< adequate idea of the deep had living interest wbioh Australian churchmen show in thp church of their fathers. I must not omit to ...notice, that in addition to diocesan assemblies 4' there da a general synod, consisting of lay and ^ clerical representatives of nil the dioceses in Australia. Its constitution is so Bimilur in es sentials to that of the Diocesan Synod which I 'i have' described that I need only say further, that • it legislates for the more general interests of tho ' Australian churches, and that its determinations '--have ho forcafu any diocese until they have been accepted by tho synod of that diocese. Nothing :: can-be* more startling to one who has known them-both, than tho painful contrast between • this free provincial synod and the convocations of England. On the one hand, yon have \- ■ ! An' Ancient and Cumbrous Machine, creaking painfully as it tries to move, like some ■ ; old mcdisoval wain, hampered by indefinite •^privileges, crippled by legislative disabilities, ' ' stultified too often by impossible modes of pro- I •cedure, and, wont of all, paralysed by tho " sariae of'its imperfectly representative character j and of its wordy ineffectiveness. On !thei;other hand, you have an assembly, :ia. which; the bishops represent the ; .only, official element, where tho clerical members are freely chosen by tho whole body of theqfaithful'in their diocesan synods, and • :wherb' a! large lay element, chosen in like manner, and consisting of some of tho best and ablest ohurchmen in Australia, adequately re p'resenta the feelings and opinions of the non 1 clerical members of the church. Thcso \\.V Aii. Sit and Debate Together, although the votes of tho different orders are taken; separately, and their mode of procedure is that which practice has "rendered familiar in the Parliaments of tho colony. As the • * debates : proceed, you can feel that men. . are speaking under the sense of a doublo re sponsibility, that of representing largo and in • telligent' constituencies, and that of having ' their words followed by acta which shall affect r the most vital interests of a great historical church. Debate iu such an assembly as that . awakens a man's deepest feelings and calls out his utmost powers. It would make him serious and earnest, oven if he were not so by habit and character. I think it right to tell you, . because the fact seems to bo scarcely realised ' in England, that the .General Synod of Aus tralia looks upon itself as a provincial synod of the Cburch of England, as fully entitled to • deal'with all possible questions as the Convoca • tion of'^ork or of Canterbury. Even as re • gardB* questions of doctrine and worship, it / claims • The Right of Independent Debate 'and resolution. But just as the Convocation of \- Canterbury would not feel itself competent to take notion alone on an important matter, in the name of the Church of England, neither \- would the General Synod of Australia presume to change any doctrinal or ritual form in the name of the Church of England without the ■ concurrence of York and Canterbury. Its members, and especially its lay members fre ■ quently insist upon the faot that they are mem* . hers of the Church of England, and will not hear of any divergence from English law or practice -sufficiently serious to create a Church of / Australia. It is in vain that eager spirits Vremind them that thus they are hampering . themselves.'with all the vexatious delays of ' English ecclesiastical legislation. English Cburohmen they Are, and ; English Churchmen They Will Remain;' • freo/'if you-like, but with a freedom rigidly limited by thatcondition. But thouirh revolu 1 ticn is the last tiling which I should expect in any- diocesan or provincial synod of Australia, -VI do hope that the speculative earnestness of . colonial churchmen, their freedom of debate, ' their: affectionate reverence for the, mother • church, and'their thoroughly English instinot of hastening slowly, may invest their con clusions on important subjects with interest and woight at homo, and that following their initiative, the English convocations may take into their grave consideration some of "• The Bvbnino Question's of Oub Time. 1 X havo thus endeavoured to show you the ' hold which tho church in tho colonies has upon her sons, by sketching for you as fully as my narrow limits would permit, first tho relations \- of colonial churchmen to tho Christian faith, and second to church organisations Tho future of a nation or a church depends far less , on its numbers than on the strength of the ' spiritual forces wbich dwell within it. Num bers-did not savo tho Roman Empire from \ decay when its people had lost the religious ^feeling and sturdy patriotism of their earlier days, nor was the extinction of the church in / /Northern Africa prcveutod by tho ., .Number of Superstitious Wobldings who callod themselves her members. Unless, however, I am wholly mistaken in my diagnosis, there is amongst colonial churchmen n very . deep faith in the fundamental verities of the Christian religion, and an attachment to the . church of their fathers, not morcly resthotic or sentimental, but deep, based upon a rational conviction of its worth and of its capacity to adapt itself to tho needs of a thoughtful ago and" of a now world. They have their own difficulties, .as wo liavo ours. It'is uo moro . oasy for them than for us to reconcilo Tub Claims of a Daring Speculation and of a timid orthodoxy; to spur on tho sluggish inid to restrain tnc rash, to advance where udvnuco is desirable, and vet so to moderate tho eagerness of tho forward us not to eacrifico unity to novelty or chnrity to en timsinsm. They have, howover, many things in thcic favour. Their leading mon clearly see tho dangers by which they arc boBCt, and have \- full opportunity to lift up tho voico of wanting in^ synod and in tho Press. If any havo ^ griov«noe«., whether clergy or laity, they can got thom fairly enturtaiued and debated by assemblies in .which, all havo confidence. And if at times tlio forces of advuuee and delay come into rude collision in thoBO assemblies, wise men can always &ppea;' 'to'the caution of the English nature and to tho moderation of self I governing men. The wonderful and . Touching Devotion op Our Colonists j to tho motherland and her national church is 1 another element of stability. It must bo a desperate feud indeed which could not he I healed in an Australian synod by the suggestion to refer the disputed point to homo authority, and accept its decision as final. In bringing these brief suggestions to a clos% I must not omit to say that the future of the colonial church, as of every ohunb, will depend, more than anything else, upon tho power and character of tho clergy. To raise up leaders and teachers with the highest gifts of mind and heart, this is tho Most Vital Requirement of the Church of Christ. Questions are being debated to-day which go down to tho very loots of our nature and of our knowledge, and none but olear, strong thinkers can so much as understand them. Forces, again, are making themselves felt in everyday life which threaten tho very foundation of our moral purity, and which can only be resisted by tho stern deter mined action of an unfaltering faith, how then is the colonial church to get tho teachers whom it needs, . , Men op Wide Thought, of large culture, of chastened wisdom, of earnest purpose, of all-embracing charity ? It is doing for itself the best which it can, by establishing in its universities theological schools where,, by tho help of scholarships and bursaries, the move promising o£ its poorer students can be inudo sharers in tho best culture of the age. It is only, however, in a few favoured .dioceses that this provision can be made, and not even in them with anything like adequaoy. Still, for many critical years the colonial church must look for leaders to the great English.universUies. Are there any Young Men Listening to Me who, conscious of great powers and a gsnerous purpose, seek more freedom for their energies than the rigid limits of English life permit, and who would fed greater interest in making their own road than in following the well-worn paths into which the force of irresis tible custom would drive them ? Then let them go forth in this their might into those new and ! mobile forms of colonial society which are ready | to take the impress of any strong hand, and they aboil hot bo disappointed. Roughness they must, expect, and conflict, but then, as a compensa tion,'their lifo will he filled with movement and meaning, and when ! By God'8 Grace Their Work is Done, they shall see the visible maTks of it in the! shaping of a new strong life, which shall carry their memory on its swelling tide, as it flows | forward to the greater future. We com memorate to-day the coming of that Holy One who kindled the hearts and fired the tongues of the first messengers of grace. Oh ! if Ho should come now to sotuo of you—come in the uprising of a great n-solvo. or in the strong whisper of an urgent call, forget not, I pray you, either the promise or the prediction of the text. " Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come unon you," and then under the urgency and in the exertion of that power, " ye shall be My witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea and Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of tho earth." i 