THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FOND. M. NAVILLE’S DISCOVERIES AT BDBASTIS. (TUB TIMES.) To* excavation of the Great Temple of Bubaltia (the mini of whioh,it will bo remem bered, were discovered laetyear by M. Navilel) waa reiamad tome five or aix weeks ago, and ii now in fall progress. Former operation! conducted by the Egypt Exploration Fond have for the moat part been canted on in placea remote from tbe beaten track; bnt ii. Naville, by marching hla little army of diggers to Tell Basts, has brought hli work not only within an eaey dietanoe of Cairo, bat within a few minatee' walk oi Zagatig, the meetlng-plaoe of a net I work of railway line*, and the head- quarter! of the Egyptian cotton trade. Zagaxig station may be deeoribed as the Matinee of the Eastern Delta—the bourne for which every traveller, whether .bis destination be Damietta, Manenrah, Salahlyeb, Suez, or Port Said, is Inevitably bound. As all trains atop here, and as there is generally a dreary hiatus of a conple of boors between the arrival of tbe incoming train. and the de parture oi the next, it may readily be imagined with what eagerness tbe tourists of the present season are juat now thronging to the scene of M. Neville's labours. Iba week of the Egypt Explora tion Fond baa, in short, beoome a popular institution; and Instead of living like anchorites In dmert solitudes where the Impress of a patent leather boot upon the sands was as Startling a novelty as tbe famous footprint on the shore of Kobinson Crusoe’s bland, the explorer* are now cheered by the daily visits of numerous travail era oi all ranks and nationali ties. Iha seen* is cariously plotaresqae. Here, grouped toasther on the verge of the great Cemetery oi Sacred Cats, are the tents of the offioera of the Fund; yonder, swarming like bees at the bottom oi the huge crater-llko, depression which marks the area of the temple, are eeen 300 to 400 ' labourers—diggers in the trenches and pits, batkat-oairUrs clearing away the .oilai it is thrown oat, overseers to keep the digger! at work, “pathway-men" to keep tbe patha open and the carriers moving, gauge cf brawny “Sbayalin," or native port ra, harneated together by stout ropes, and hauling or turning sculp tured blocks which have not seen the light for. maoy centuries; girl* with bowls of water and spongoe, to wipe down the oarved surfaces preparatory to the process of takiog paper " squeezesand small boys to run on errands, help with tbe measuring tapes, and kerp guard over the 'ents and baggsge. With so many hands at work and eo many overseers to keep thorn going, It is not wonderful that tho excava ions make rapid progress. The two large pile which were opened last season are now thrown into one, and are being enlarged from east to west, following the axis of the struc ture. Tbe sides are also being cleared, and before another month (hall have expired the whole temple—of which, apparently, not one etone remains npon another—will bo visible from end to end. Its entire length is probably abont TOOtt. or 800ft. ; bnt measurements, of course, are as yet purely conjectural. We may remind our readers that the pits sunk list season disclosed tbe site of a grand hypoetyle ball, strewn with fallen mono lithic columns of the twelfth dynasty workmanship, and a hall withont oolomnt, but lined aa it ahonld seem with elaborate baa-relief sculpture! represent ing a great religious ceremony, and oontainlcg tens of thousands of aiontely executed hieroglyphio laacipUons. Tbe columns of architraves of hypoatyle-ball, though of an earlier period, are, emblazoQed with the ovals of IUmesea II. The inscrip tions of the festival hall commemorate Osorkon II., of the twenty'Second dynasty, end his Qaee > Karoama. Betides tbe two historical landmarks thus determined, various blocks bearing the namea of Userleaon III. and Pepi Merira, testified to the exiatenoa oi the edifice not only in the days of the first great Theban Empire, bnt in the very remote age of tne Pyramid Kings of the Gth dynasty. At the same time, a smalt tentative exoavatlon at tbe writern extremity of tbe site yielded tbe name and titles of Keotauebo I, of the 30sh and last native dyna ty. Such being tbe outcome of bnt four weeks' labour at the oloaa of the season in 1887, ft seemed reasonable to hope for Important results when the excavations should be resumed. This hope it being more than fnlfilled ; and every week—it might almost be said every d»y—yield, some new and valuable link in tbe chain of historio evidence. A third ball, dating from tbe reign of Osorkon I., has now been found between the hypostvle hall of Berneses II. and tbe festival ball of Osorkon II. The roof was supported by two lame columns with palm o-pitals, and the walls were sculptured with bas-reliefs on a targe scale, representing Osorkon I. In tbe eat of worihiopiog Brae In I Other deities of the olty. Eastward— ■hat la to say, at the end bv which the temple wee entered—two l arallel trenches hive revea'ed the site of a colonnade; and here the bate of a statue of Nrotsneb - I. has been found ; thus showing that, he made addition* *o both extremities of the structure. The western end, now in course of exoavatlon, appears to be uf great width ; bnt lie length is at yet not ascertained. That it contains tbe sanctuary may ba taken for granted, and the aanotoary is probably the work of Keotauebo. Unlike most Egyp'ian temples, tbe great temple of Bast <1o.a not appear to havs been protected by one ,cf tbees m*astve crude brick walla wbiah rendered tbe templea of Karnak aod Tania as impregnable aa fortresses. Htroa doms rxpreatj states that U was tor rounded by a “low wall having figures engraved npon Itand tbia low wall, like tbe splendid screen running lonnd the great temple of Edfoo, waa eviden ly of alone ; sculptured in bas-relief Like tbe rest of the bollding, it must have been of red granite, I and we may hope that some portions of it i may yet be discovered. The BubaatUee, at I all event*, teem to have been too proud of ' hefr famous temple to mask Its beauties by a circait of unsightly ramparts. So muoh for tbe progress made in exoava ting 'be dlsjeeta membra of the building ; the '• Suds,” however, ere yet more note worthy. That Bubutii waa the site of en im portant Hyksos settlement it wbat no one suepreted; but it is a faot conclusively established by the work oi tbe present s- a*ou. Two black aranite atatnsa (one an fnrmnately be-diesa) of the uomisukeabl Hyktos type, the lower halt oi a seated si.tne of an unknown king, also of Hyksos work, and a fi * red granite arobitrave en graved with th- cartouche of Apspi, the •■-oat famous of the Hyksos rulers, have been discovered all • ear together within the last three weeks The first found of the b aok granite pair it hus described In one of if-e weekly report* despatohrd to the oom* mi< fee of the Egypt Exploration Fond by M. Naville:— ' Io digging to the aouthward of the Hall of O-orkoa I , we found first the headdress of a oolowsl statue in blsok granite, the bead broken jus* at the level of -he eyes, and presently the lower part of the face. The let* cheek and tbe beard are damaged, but the right tide it perfsot, and the two halves fit each other exactly. The type of i the face U Hykios ; tha tonkin obtakt and i the projecting month being exactly like i those of the Tsnis iphinxei. The headdress i is^the 1 nems,’ with the arm The base and i feet of this itatne are atlli lying at the 1 bottom of a deep pool, whence they will have i to be hauled out when the water hat some, what subsided. A atatne of a Hykos King wearing tho insignia of Egyptian Royalty it certainly unique." Tho companion atatue (headless) was found ou y cn days ago, also in a pool of water, O.orkon II. has engraved his oval* on the lido of the throne on which the atatue eite, and has erased those ol Ramesea II. which that I'haroah had oat upon the front, beside the right leg of the atatue, having himsolf erased the names of the original owner, whomsoever be may have been. As those statues were found near the architravo of Ape pi, it is probable enough that tboy aro portraits of that king. The other Uykaos statue, broken oil at the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr Naville writes, under date ISlh March “Oar most important disoovery up to tho F resent ti'no was made yesterday morniog. had noticed on Friday the oornerof a block of polished black granite which I thought might belong to Feme good monument, and I had it untarlhed yesterday. It proved to ba tbo lower half of a life size figure of very beautiful workmanship, with two columns ol fiaely-cut heiroglyphs engraved down each aide ci the front of the throne to right aod left of the legs ot the status. These inscriptions give the name and titles of an absolutely unknowD King, who, judging from the work, must belong to the Hyksos period, or, at all ev-nts, to one of the obscure dynasties pre ceding the Hyksos invasion. I forward a j copy of the inscriptions. One cartoncbe contains a sign which is quite new to me, j and whioh I therefore cannot decipher. The other roads 1 fan Ra*. or 'Ra-ian'—a name unlike any I have ever seen. He la do scribed, most strangely, as the worshipper ol his Ka (i« , his ghost or double). . . . Slnee writing (ha above, I have been over to lloiilak, and have shown my copy of the inscriptions to Ahmed Kemal od Dcon Efiondi, the Mahomedan official attached to tho museum. He was deeply interested, and said at once, • That is the Pharaoh of Joieph. All onr Arab books call him Reiyan, tbs son of El Welid.’ . He then wrote the name for me In Arabic, which I enclose herewith. For my own part I know nothing of Arab literature or Arab tradition. I should not, however, be dis posed to attach much weight to this curious coincidence. Still, It Is ourfous, and certainly interesting." Socb la M. Neville's account of this rcmarkablo statue, which is now drawing crowds of visitors to Tell Basta. and hat just been photographed by Emil Brugtch Boy, leader of the Baulak Museum, and an accomplished photographer. The photo* graph givoa a front view of the inscribed throne with the lege and feet of the itatne. It also chows the left thigh, foreshortened and clad in the striped •* shenti,” or folded kilt The mutilated fingers of tho left hand are seen res iug on the left knee. The modelling of the knees and legs is admir able, and the hieroglyphs are brilliantly out, the king, in addition to his oartouobes, being styled the “ Go'.d God,” and tha " Son of Ra." The name, as pointed ont by M. Naville, may be read with the syllable “Ra” as either a prefir or a suffix—as, far instance, Rsmeri and Raenuscr may with equal pro priety be rendered as Merira and Usereora. Whether we take it as ." Ian-Ba” or " lia ian," tbc name of this new King bse a atrange, barbaric aspect, and looks like an attempt at writing a foreign name in Egyptian characters. That it exactly transliterates the " Er-Reiyiu " of Arab tradi ioa cannot be denied; but ft must be remembered that Orioutal tradition is notoriously untrustworthy, and that the Arab namo g ven to Joseph's Poaroah ia evidently an apperlativo, being preceded, like that of his father, by the article. Arab writers of Egyptian history are, in fact, much upon a par with the authors of the Artburian cycle aod the talea of the Paladins of Charle. magne. Cradled in an atmosphere of super stition, they beheld all things through a mi-age of romance. They regarded the monuments of ancient Egypt as works of msgic, and. >the Pharoaha who baiit them as mighty soroerers; and if here and there a thread of genniue local tradition be interwoven with the fabulous tissue of their narratives, the whole is so olearly nnhistorical that we maet despair of ever definitely separating the Ime from the false. Joseph is the beloved horo of a mnltitnde of Arab legends, and where the Biblical narrative of his life fails to supply any special detail, such as a proper namo, that detail ia unhesitatingly drawn from purely Arab sources. Thus Potiphar's wife becomsa ZaletEa, and 'he anonymous Pharaoh is introduced as an Amalekite Prince named Er Reiyan, the ton of El Welid. That the stranger hordes which Invaded Egypt under the leadership of the Hyksos may have includod *n Amalekite contingent le not impossible; for the Amalekite! of old 1 mighty nation, and their territory bordered upon Egypt. But if we turn to the pages of El Makrizi—a sober wrier, worthy of all credit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and snoh other snbiecte as osme ■* itbin his knowledge and observa tion—we at once sea how little a fairly trustworthy Arab may bs trusted when bis only sonroea of Information are »he legends transmitted by bis own countrymen. Having related how the AmUekites, led by Wslid, son of Dump, invaded Egypt, then ruled by •• Aymen of Kooa,". and slew the Egyptians “ with an exceeding great slaughter.” he goes on to •ay that the followers of Welid chose him to reign over them, and that bis rule lasted for 100 years. “And he went forth to attain the sonroea of ths Nile, and ho beheld tho Mounlaios of the Moon, and he was absent for forty years." He then returned to Egypt, and again subdued Pharoah Aymen. who again oppoaed him.” "And Pharaoh Aymen fled, and Welid reduced the people of Egypt to slavery, and ruled over thorn for .120 years till. he psnshed. . . . A d hU son Er Reiyan, the son of El Welid. the son of Dumi, one of the Amalekite* reigned aod he was one of the most-powerful, of tha people of the earth io bis time, and the greatest King. Now the Amslekltes were descended from Am'ik, son of Liod(Lud). son ol Sam (Shem), eon of Nns (N»ab); and Hr Reiyan was the .Pharaoh of Joseph, on whom be peaoe . . Aod It is said that tbePar-ota of Joseph w*s the grandfather,of the Pharaoh of Moses, bin father** father, and hit name wa* Barkhu ; aad he was lofty of stature and beautiful of connteaanoe, And after him r-igued his son Darlnruah, and he is also oalled Darim, son of Er Reiyan, aod be was the fourth Pharaoh, and Yusuf (Joseph) was his Khalifa." Brief as this extraot is, it auffioea to show the 'faucifol character, the glaring contra dictions, end tbs niter valeelsssness of Egyptian history when written with «ho reed pen of the Arab ohroniclei. Tbs invasion cf the Amalekite*— based perhaps on tome vague memory of the Hyksoe conquest--vanishes Into the region of fable, and the vie orious prinoes | whose family-tree begins with Noah, take their place among the shadowy heroes of | the Thousand and One Nights. That the learned and ocurteons Ahmed Kem»l-ed Deen Effendi (who is, be it observed, the only Oriental Egyptologist in the world, sod a good hieroglyphic sobolar), should nave recognised the Mnsllm name of R-iyan in that of the unknown Hyksos k ng is a ploturesqne inoldent wbioh at once appeals to our imagination, bnt the de I dui tion it one which Enr pe-n scholars aro! bonua to receive witu extreme ro-erve. In Ibe mein while it matt be copce^ed tbst the letter-for-letter identi'y of the two nemesis, to eay tha least of it. very ex'raordinary We mast not, however, forg-tthat " Ra-ian" may with equal oorreotntaa be read Tao-Rs,” and "Ian-Ra"!* curiourlr like the Dame of the .Hyksos “lanuas" or " Jsnlas," who, in a long quota* tlon wh'ch professes to be given ver batim from Manetbo by Josepbna (answer to Apt n, Book I, seo'ion 14), is said to have reigned for fifty years and one month, ind to bavn been the enaceiMOr of Apophis tnd the predeosssor of Ase'is. It would be lnreatonable to doubt thatlanna* leu truly tn historical personage as Apepl, and it ii , la leaat poniblo that Iannai and Ian-Ra , nay be one and Ibe eame. That Joaeph , lerved a Hykaoi king haa long been accepted by the majority of Egyptologists aa a very probable hypotheeia, both chronologically \--d from the. internal evidence of the Biblical narrative. Other dieouveriea, aoarcoly leu Intereating, have rewarded the labours of the fortunate explorers. Tne fact that the ISth Egyptian dynasty—the famous dynasty of the Thothmea and Amonhotep Kings—Bbould have loft no traces of their power in Iho great citiea of the Delta, haa long been a puzzling problem. Within the last three wceke, however, two life »i/.e statues of a ■orlbe of that period have been found. Though otherwise perfect they aro unluckily headless, Tho figures ait cross-legged, each boding a half-unrolled papyrus scroll upon bis lap, his namo and titlos being engraven on tho soroll. From theao inacrip tions w« learn that his name was Amcnho tep, and that ho was stylod “the Prince, the great friend who loves his Lord, the Ohief of the Works of bis King and of the Provinces, and of the M»rahlands of the North." He wears a loose garment secured by breces, and on . tho brooch-like ornament which connects the braces, aa woll as upon his right shoulder, is engrtvon iho oar touebo of Amenhotep HI. Khuonaton, the di«o • worshipping Pharoah, who succeeded Amenhotep III., and founded the city of Tell-et-Amarna, is a'so repre sented by a sculptured fragment containing the sacred oval of Ateu-Ra, the deity of the 1 disc. These objoots are of great historical moment, inasmuch as they show (1) that the temple of Bast, after being enriched by the Hyksos Kings, and before being rebuilt by Remesia II., was yet nourishing in tho time of the Restoration; and (‘2) that the disc-worship promulgated by Khnenaten extended to the Delta. Till now it has been traoed no farther northward than Memphis. Among other valuable finds bearing upon the historical continuity of the temple may be mentioned a colossal head and torso in red granite, insoribed witn tho ovals of Rameeea II. (10th dynasty), and a bhok granite statne of this King, of heroic size, th •triped head-dress coloured alternately amber and blue, tho hands resting on the knees, and bearing the following insorfption -—" As long as the world shall last, thy monmnonts will pros per, 0, King Rameses.” This fine statue ia broken in two, bnt is other wise nnlnjared. There have also been found (1) a bead and torso of a standing king In red granite, probably Rameses VI (20th dynasty); (2) a small basalt statne of a Salto priest bearing the cartouches of Aprles, the Biblioal liophra (26th dynasty); (3) a beautiful fragment of a statne of Neotanebo I. (30th dynasty); (4) two Greek insoriptiona on black granite dedi cated to Ptolemy V. and Qaeen Cleopatra I;, by odo Apollonius, son of Theon, wbo styles himself “one of tho King's.friends ; ” thus carrying on the his tory of the temple to the second century is c. A very important inscription on a block belonging to the festival hall has also turned np, giving the date of the featival, which, strangely enough, proves to have been bold in honour of tho Theban god Amen, in tbo twenty-second year of the reign of Osorkon II., on “the first day ot the last month of Sha," the season of inun dation. M. Naville writes :— “Bnt wbat is most extraordinary is tho vast number of coloisal statues which must have crowded tne temple before the festival hall was built, nearly all such aa were of red granite having been out up wholesale by Osorkon (or building blocks. We constantly discover passages of the festival inscriptions on fragments of statnes which have been built into the walls ; and it Is not at all un usual to find part of a sacrod boat which is being carried in procession upon priesta’ shoulders, on one sido of a block, and on the other tide a head of Rameses II.—sometimes defaced, but sometimes in a fair state of preservation. So littio did tho kings of Egypt respect the images of their prcdecea Suoh are some of the splendid results of tho explorations carried on by M. Naville, assisted, as last year, by Mr. F. Llewellyn Griffith and Count d’Hulat, daring the last few weeks at Tell Casta ; acd tho -eason is not yet over. Who shall say what new treasures the next month may not bring to light, or what new facte connected with the obeenre hut deeply Interesting Hyksos period may not be in store for ns! Except only tbo great temple of Tanis, excavated by MarieKo seme twenty-eight years ago, no Egyptian ruin upon so colossal a scale bai been systematically explored, or has yielded so rich a harvest. 