An Impending Doom. CHAPTHR XXXIV.— Confined. 11 Yen, mu'nm— sounds murodiblo, I) ut il'u a fact. Sho rigged out in a auit of Sir 3iVorard'ee)otbos,iniinickod hie voico, nud did the Mood. I saw iter fnco, wlion is1io nitobod you over tlio mil, ns plain as 1 sco yourn ibis imnuio, nnu x in rcauy w nwcor to it through All tho courts in Christendom. Sbo hated you liko pison, And the baronot too, and sbo thinks sho's put au cud to you both ; but if wo don't giro her an oyo-opoucr protty soon, my namo ain't Farmalco." ' Sbo sank on bor knees and bold up her claspod bands. "Thank beavon — thank hoaronl" Kext day thoy sailed for Bngland, And, nftor a otnclc passago, arrived in Liverpool. Mr. Parmaloo and bis companion posted full spcod to "Wor- rol. " We'll go to Mr. Bryson's first," said Pannaleo— JJryBon being Sir Evernrd's lawyer. " Wo'ro in tbo very nick of tunc. To-morrow morn at day-dawn ir fixed for"— " Oh, hush,' — in a voico of agony. "Not that fearful word. Ob, Mr. Farmalco, if wo should bo too lato after all." " We can't," said tho artist. " Thov ain't a-going to hang him for tho murder of a woman tboy boo alivo. We'll stop 'cm, if tho ropo is round his neck. You keep up a good heart — you'ro all right, at last" Tboy reached tbo bouso of Mr. Bzyson. Mo sat ovor bis oigbt o'clock cup of tea, with a very gloomy face. Tlio tragedy to take place in tho groy and dismal dawn to-morrow bad caused an awful shadow ovor tho wholo placo. A Borvant entered with a card, " O. W. Farmalco." Tbo lawyor roso with a cnr. "flood beavon abovo! It can't bo! It's loo good to bo truo I Uo nevor would rush into tho lion's don in this way." Mr. Bryson rushed for tbo drawing- room, flung wido tho door, and con fronted Mr. Farmalco. Tho sight struck blm speechless. "Good ovonlng, squire I" said tbo American. " l'ou bore," gasped tbo lawyor— "tbo man for whom wo bavo boon scouring tbo kingdom." " You'd ougbtor scourod tho Atlan tic," ronlicd tbo artist, with infinite calm, "rvoboenbomoto sooourfolks. I suppose you wautcd mo to throw a light on that 'oro horrid murdor? All, dreadful thing that was ! Bound tbo body yot?" "I BUBpoct yoH know moro of that murder tuan any other maa alive," said tbo lawyor. ' "Bo toll! AVoll, now, I ain't a-going to dony it. I do know all about it, squire." "In hoavon's namo, man, spoak out 1 Wlto did tbo doou F" "Sybilla Silver /" Tho lawyor claspod bis bands, with a wild gosturo. "I know it— I thought it— I said it ! The sbo-deril ! 1'oor, poor Lady JCingsland " " Ma'am," said tbo American, turn ing blandly to bis voilod companion, " perhaps It will rolioro Mr. Bryson's gushing bosom to behold your faco. Jest lift that oro roil." Tbo roiled fomalo arose, flung back her veil, and confronted tbo lawyer. AVith an awful cry, Mr. Bryson stag- gored back against tho wall. " AU-morciful IIoaTon — tho dead alivo! Lady Jiinytlandi" CHAPTER XXXV. 1iiu1ilt sensational. Tlio night prccoding tbo day fixed for tbo execution or Sir Evorard, Sybilla Silver wont to tho sick room of bis inothor. It was almost oloven when sbo reached the court, but tboy watched tbo night through in that house of mourning. Leaving tbo cab boforo tbo trout ontranco, Sybilla stolo round, in Uio placid May moouligbt, to that side door she had usod tbo roomorablo night of March 1U. Sbo bad a latcb-koy to fit it, and it was never boltod, as sbo know. Sho admitted herself without diflicully, and proceeded 'at onco to Lady Kingsland'u sick room, where sho found that lady alono. "Is that you, Mildred?" a weak voice asked. " It is not Mildrod, my lady. It "SybiUa Silvor 1" No words can doscribo tho look of agony, of terror, of rapuUion, that crossed my lady's faco. Sho hold up both bands with a gosturo of loatbiug aud horror. " Keep off," sho criod. " You murderess I" > Involuntarily tbo fiendish woman quailed at that word. But only for an instant. 11 Yes," fiho cried, bor black eyes flaming up, " that is tbo word— mur deress f— tor I murdored your daugh ter-in-law. You novor liked bor, you know, Lady Kingsiand. Suroly, thon, wlion I stabbed bor and throw bor into tbo Boa, I did you a good turn. Bo still, and listen to mo. I havo a long story to toll you, beginning with tbo astrologer's prediction." Tboso two last words, aB Sybilla woll know, riveted tbo attention of tbo sick woman at onco. AVitb fiendish composuro, Sybijla ropoatcd the story again sbo had told Sir Evorord, whilst Lady Kingsiand lay paralysed and listened. Tbo atrocious revocation onded, sbo looked at bor prostrate fao with a diabolical smilo. " My oatb U kopl— tbo prediction is fulfilled. In a fow hours tho Inst of tbo Kingslands dies by the band of tbo common hangman. I bnro told you all, and Idarovou to injure one hair of my head, within tbo hour my jouruoy from England commences, Search for last yoar'B snow, for laBt Soptotnbor'a partridgos, and when you find them, you may bopo io find Sybilla Silvor. Burn tho prediction, destroy my grand- mother's portrait and lock of bair, so carefully hidden away for so many years. Tboir work is done, and my Ycngoanco is oomploto. Lady Kings- laua, farowoll !" Sho_ roso as sbo spoke. At that samo instant tbo door slid back, and a figuro, all in white, with long, dis hevelled bair and ghastly palo faco, barrod Iter path. "Murderess!" spoko a doop and awful voice. " Murdorosa — mur- dcrcssl" " Ab-b-h-b-h !" With a ebriok of wordleas affright, Sybilla Silver leapod back, and stood cowering against tbo wall. Iter tbo dead bod arisen and stood boforo bor. Tho phantom slowly advanced. " Murdorcss, confess your guilt !" "Morcy, mercy, morcy !" shrieked Sybilla Silvor. " Sparo mo ! Ob, heaven, what is this r" " Confess!" Hollow nud torriblo sounded that voico. "1 confoss — I murdored you— I stabbed you ' Sir Evorard is inno cent! Keop off! Morcy — morcy." AVitb an unearthly acroam, itio horrified woman throw up both arms to keop off tbo awful vision, and foil forward in strong convulsions. " Arcry woll done," said Mr. Bryson outcring briskly. " I don't think wo need any furthor proof of this lady's guilt. You bavo played ghost to somo purpose, my dear Lady Kings- land. who says now my znolo- dramatic idea was not a good ono ? Sbo would bavo denied every word, and torturcB would not havo wrung a confession out of her. Como in gentlemen. AVo'll bavo no troublo carrying off our prizo. I bopo sho hasn't done too much tmecliiof already." Ho paused, aod stopped back with a blanched faco. Iter Lady Kingsiand lay writhing in tbo last agony. AVitb a wild cry, Mildrod throw herself on bor knees by bor mother's side. " Mnmmo — dear mamma — don't look liko that ! Harriot is not dead. Sbo is hero alivo. It was that dread ful woman who tried to kill bor. Everard is innocent, as we know bo was. Ho will bo horo with us in a day or two." Tho dying woman was conscious. Hor oyes turned and fixodon Harriot. Tbo wbito diBguiBO had boon thrown off. Sbo carno ovor to tbo bedside, palo and beautiful. " Mother," sbo said, sweetly, " it is indeed I. Bear inotbor, bless mo onco." " May heaven bless you, and for give mo ! Toll Evorard" — Sbo novor finished the sentence. Tho deatb-rattlo Bounded, bor bead fell back, bor oyes turned. AVitb tho name of tbo son she idolised upon bor lips, Lady Kingsiand was dead. Tho throo tnon — Mr. Bryson, Mr. Pannaleo, and the head constable of AVorroll— stood looking at ono another, stunned by tho sudaennoss of the shock. But Harriot's prcBenco of mind did not forsake bcr. Hoverontly sbo kissed tbo dead faco, closed the dead oyes, and arose. " Tbo dead are froe from suffering. Our first duty is to tho living. Tako mo to my husband." Sbo bold out bor arms imploriugly. Tbo men assented unanimously. The constable lifted Sybilla unceremoni ously. Tbo servants gathered out side tbo door gavo way, and be placed bcr in the carriage which bad conveyed them to tbo bouso. Mr. Farmalco went with him, and Lady Kingsiand aud tho lawyor took possession of tho cab that stood wait ing for Miss Silver. A minuto later, and tboy wore fly ing, swift as laBh and shout could urgo thorn, towards AVorrol gaol. to be continued. 