OCCASIONAL PAPERS. COURA.GE AND FUNK ON THE j BATTLE FIELD. Na L (BE AS AMERICAN GKMEEAL, IN THB CENTURY.) 1 A French writer has said that every mistake made in life can be traced to fear. Though this was doubtless written more to shape an epigram than to etate a fact-and epigrams are generally regarded as jewels purchased at the expense of veracity-yet the more we reflect upon the remark. the , more we are impressed with its troth. Fear, above .all. things else, enfeebles the vijjoor^of man's actions, supplants decision by vacillation, and opens the road to error. When pue seeks counsel of one's fears, judgment ceases to obtrude advice. ?Coorage, on the other band, is universally recognised as the. manliest of all tinman attributes; it nerves Its pjnasfeseor for. resolute; attempts, and equipslilm for putting forth his supreme efforts, Powerful aristocracies j hive been founded with oourage as the sole patent of nobility; kings have maintained their dynasties with no oilier virtue to com mend tliem po their subjects. A onoe popular jorce set forth these two opposite traits in human nature under the title of "The nerrons man and the man of nerve." Courage has so many different natures, a si nin es so many different forms, and is subject to so many eccentricities, that it is hard to define it. To separate it into the two Brand divisions of mora! courage snd Physical courajte is a simple matter, but when the eubdivisions of these are to be determined, the task Is confronted with formidable difficulties. fevr men possess all the various forms of courago. One man may be utterly fearless in the most perilous storm at sea, wnile-on.land he' miay be afraid to travel at therate of 2j miles an hour on a first-class .railroad, aflailor-like, expends his sympathies- in br "poor unhappyfolkeasnore." A notlvs Engineer on en Basterri railway; who -was always selected for hp ?! nerve" when ft fast "special" was to be,?ent out> antt whose counttfe, repeatedly jdjeplin ^afraid in7;the on® ofhi# bwn home w Bdttpstalrsalone Inthedarlr. , ' , liMMOMditiR* Southern rirerton aBteara boa^ towards $oe olase of oar <dvil srar, wa had an officer on board, wh& darinrtfaree yean bf fighting,.hod treated snot ana shell in Mtlon with an indifference tfaMnwdehim a marvel of courage; bat on this expedition be manifested a singular fear of torpedoes, put on enough life-preservers to float an anchor, and . stood at the stern of the boat ready, at the first Bign of danger, to plunge into the water with the promptness of a Baptist convert He once came very near jumping overboard at the sound of a sudden escape of steam from the boiler. He made no disguise oi his nervousness at this new form of danger. I recollect a company officer of infantry who never seemed to know what the word fear meant nnder any circumstances until his promotioh to a higher rank compelled him to mount a horae, and then his mind knew no peace. A sudden snort from the beast alarmed him more than the opening of a battery, and the pricking up of the animal's ears had more terrors for him than a bayonet charge. These instances, though numerous, are the exceptions, not the rule. They can often be accounted for by the tact that the victim had Buffered a severe fright, perhaps in childhood, which produced a permanent shock to his nerves, and made him timid ever after respecting the particular form of danger to which he had been exposed. An ac quaintance of mine whose repeated acts of gallantry, in the Held had convinced all his comrades that he had been born without the sense of fear was seen to give a wide berth to any horned animals that came in sight. Whenever a drove of commissary's cattle were encountered on the road, he began a series of well-tfraed manoeuvres with a view to gettinga fcnce between himself and them in the shortest possible time. Their ap proach seemed to demoralise him as much as a cavalry charge of the enemy elated him. The providing of an army with " beef on the hoof" was one of the methods of military logistics which had more terrors for him than a prospect of starvation. When twitted on the subject, he one day said in explanation, that, when a child, a cow had once chased him. thrown him down, and then tossed him on uer horns, and he had never recovered from the shock, or been able to banish from his mind the sense of terror the circumstance produced. It was the burned child dreading the fire. This instinct is common to all animals. At a country station ou one of our railways a pig used to be a constant visitor, and drove a thriving business in picking up stray grains of corn which dropped from the bags as they were loaded on the cars. One day the pig's greed so far overmastered his discretion that his tail got nipped between the brake-shoe and the car-wheel, and when the train started the tail was jerked out by the root The victim of this sudden catastrophe was now confronted with the dismal prospect of having to navigate through the rest of life with its steering apparatus a total wreck. He continued coming to the station after that, but'whenever he beard the clatter of an approaching train, he hurried off to a safe distance and backed up close against a brick wall till the cars bad passed ; lie was never going to permit himself to be subject to the risk of such ou indignity again, even though there was no longer any tail left to be pulled out He had acquired sufficient railroad ex perience to! appreciate the magnitude of the loss of terminal facilities. As one's physical condition is affected by circumstances of health and. sickness, so does one's courage vary under different surroundincs. Troops, after being refreshed by a rest and a good meal, have stood their ground under a Gre from which they would j have fled in confusion if tired and hungry. An empty stomach,-like conscience, makes cowards of us nil. The Duke of Wellington proved himself a philosopher when he said, " An army moves principally upon its belly. In the days when personal difficulties were Bottled under the "code," the parties never tried to screw their courage to the sticking pointon empty Btomachs, but "pistols and coffee " always went hand in hand. In the successful attack made by Admiral Du Pont with his fleet upon the Confederate forts which commanded Port Royal harbour, when the dinner hour arrived the admiral directed rations to be served as usual, and the crews were ordered to cease loading their guns and go to loading their stomachs to fortify themselves for the continuation of the "battle. The commanding officer was severely criticised for this at the tiine, but it was afterwards generally conceded that he understood the true relations between the nerves and (he stomach, and gained the victory all the sooner by takine time to lodge that dinner where it would do the most good. An attack of dyspepsia or a torpid liver will sometimes rob a man of half his natural courage; rabbits in his path then become magnified into lions, and mole-hills into mountains. Napoleon lost the battle of Leipsic from eating too heavy a dinner and being seized with a fit of the_blues brought on by indigestion. As the Latin roots of the word locate the source of courage In the hearty and as the seat of all courage is believed by many to be in the mind, no one would attempt the ungracious and unsenti mental task of trying to transfer its location to the stomach, but facts point to the belief that the condition of the stomach haB some tiling to do even with this high attribute of man. Courage, like everything else, wears out Troops used to go into action during our late war displaying a coolness and steadiness -the first day that made them seem as if. the screeching of shot and shell was the music on which they had been brought up. After fighting a counlc of days, their nerves gradual Jy lost their tension, their buoyancy of spirits gave way, and dangers tbey would have laughed at the first day often sent them panic-stricken to the rear oh .the third. It was always a curious sight in camp after a three days' fight to waitch the effect of the sensitiveness of the nerves *, men would start at the slightest sound, and dodge at the flight of a bird or a pebble tosfted at them. One of the chief amusements on such occa sions used to be ? to throw stoneB and chips past one another's heads to see the active dodging that would follow. t Recruits sometimes rush into dangers from which veterans would shrink. When Thomas was holding on to his position at Chickamauga on the afternoon of the Becohd day, and resisting charge after charge of an enemy flushed with success, General Granger came up with a division of troops, many of whom had never before been under fire. As. soon as they were deployed in front of the ' enemy, they set up a yell, sprang over the earth-works, charged into his ranks, and crested such consternation that the Con federate veterans were patalysed by the very audacity of such conduct. Granger said, as I he watched their movements, "Just look at them; tbey don't know any better, they think thats way it ought to be done, I'll betthey'JI never do it again." Men, like children, are often ignorant of- tdanger till. they learn its terrors in the school of ex*' perience. . , : Every soldier understands why two q'clock in the morning '.'icoutfege is recognised qs ccwrage in its jtighesl) Cons.' At that time many hours; offastlngihave occurred sinoe the eveniog meal; enough. 4ta*t>.hst nat yet been had to restore thi' nervous system to. it* normal condition after the flttypfo and xe*« citement of the previous day; it is the honr of. darkness and silence, when the mind magnifies the slightest sounds. The stoutest nerves require a great deat of bracing when a camp is startled out of its sleep by an attack at such an honr. Nearly all persons are more timid when alone. The feeling of lonesomeness is akin to fear. At Spotsylvania a staff officer flinched and turned back when bearing a message to a part of the iieid which required him to pass along a road exposed to a short range fire from the enemy. His courage had stood every test when in the company of others, but on this occasion he hnd set out alone, and had been seized with a fear which at the time completely unmanned him. I A woman when quite aione in a house at j night may be tortured by a sense of fear J which completely, destroys her peace of mind; but let there be a child in the same room with her, and she will feel but little apprehension of danger. The relief comes not from any protection she believes the child conld afford, but from her release from the fearfnl sense of lonesomeness which had unnerved her. There is a peculiar significance in "shoulder to shoulder" courage. It springs from a sense of the strength which comes from union, the confidence which lies in comrade ship, the support derived from a familiar " touch of the elbow." ! A battery of artillery has often been ordered to open lire, when there was no chance of doing the enemy any damage, merely for the moral effect upon the infantry, j whose courage is always increased by! ieeling that they have the Bupport of the noise of the sister arm of the service, if nothing else. Indifference to danger is not always ike form of courage which should entitle its possessor to the' highest credit. It is a negative virtue as compared with the quality which enables one to perform a dangerous duty while realising the 1'uil measure of the peril encountered. These two traits are best illustrated by the old story of the two soldiers whose regiment was charging up a hill in a desperate attempt to capture a battery. When half-way up, one of them turned to the other and said,; " Why, yon're as pale aB a sheet; you l.ook like a ghost; I believe you're afraid," " Yes, i lam," was the answer; "and if you were half as much afraid as 1 am you'd have run lone ago." It * is something higher than physical courage, it is a species of moral courage, which recognises the danger and yet overmasters the sense of fear. When the famous mine in front of Petersburg bad been completed, and the National troops drawn up ready to charge the enemy's works as soon as the mine had done its work in creating a breach, the signal was given just before daylight, the fuse was lighted, and the command stood waiting with iatense anxiety for the explosion which was to follow. But seconds, then minutes, then tens of minutes passed, and still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and the gloom of disappointment overspread the anxious faces of officers and men. The tuse had been spliced about midway. It was now thought that there was a defect in the splice,: and that it was at this point that the fuse was banging lire. The day was breaking, the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a moment to be lost Lieutenant Doughty and Sergeant Rees, of the 48th Pennsylvania intantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered the long -dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calculate tbe chances of life, calmly exposed them selves to one of the most horrible forms of death. With no excitement to lend- them its intoxication, with nothing to divert their minds from the fate which seemed to await them, they- followed the course of the fuse through the long subterranean passage, found tbe defect at which the spark had been arrested, and made a new splice. On their return the match was again applied, and the train was now prompt to do its deadly work. These men displayed even a higher order of courage than those who afterwards charged into tbe breach. Perhaps the jnost striking case of desperate and deliberate courage which the history of modern warfare-has furnished was witnessed at Cold Harbour. The men had been re peatedly repulsed in assaulting earth-works, had each time lost heavily, and had become , impressed with the conviction that such attacks meant certain death. One evening, I after a dangerous assault had been ordered for daylight the next morning, I noticed in passing along the line that many of the men; had taken off their coats and seemed engaged in mending rents in the back. Upon closer examination I found that they were calmly writing their names and home addresses on slips of pacer, end pinning these slips upon1 the backs of their coats, so that their dead bodies.might be recognised upon tbe field and their fate made known to their friends at home. Neva was there a more gallant assault than that made by those men the next day, though their act of the night before bore painful proof that they had entered apon their work without a hope of surviving. Such courage is more than heroic; it is sqblime. Recklessness often masquerades as courage, . but it<iB made of different mettle. Plato, in reasoning upon this subject, says" As i knowledge without justice ought to be called dinning rather than wisdom, so a mind prepared to meet, danger,: if exerted by its own eagerness and not the public good, deserves the name ofaudacity rather than of courage." Courage born of passion or excitement should always be. looked upon with suspicion. It may fail At the very moment it is most needed I remember a soldier in one of the regular batteries in the Army of the Cumber land, who had displayed conspicuous bravery in a dozen engagements while serving his gqn as a cannoneer. At the battle of Chicka mauga he was assigned to duty as a driver, and instead of participating in the excite ment of loading and firing, he had nothing to do but sit quietly on his horse and watch the havoc created around him by the enemy's shot He soon became seized with a terror which completely unmanned him. and after tbe battle he implored his commanding officer to send him back to his gun, «aying that if he ever went into another trtgagemgnt as a driver, he "fell certain he should, run away and lose nil the reputation, he had ever gained. His courage had disappeared with She excitement which inspirta it Men have performed deeds of bravery by being goaded on by anger or stung with taunts, bat those who require to be lashed into a rage before they can key up their nerves sufficiently to meet danger are not the possessors bf a courage which is trustworthy. Fierce fires soon bum out. Aceordingto Shaftesbury, "Itage can make ai coward fight, but fury or anger can never he placed tbthenooountofoouroge.?' ? .: = . It ip a fact known to everysoldier that the nfiost cpuragoons men indulge the least in brutal ou)lying,a»d those who exhibit all the pluck necessary to. make them leaders in street TOWS and pnae rings_ are the first to abirkan en«>«« ter in which death stares them in«h«lMeu Daring* ot)tr«lvjl war the regi ment* which were composed of plug- uglies. thugs, and midnight rounders, with noeaa laid over to one side aa evidence of their prowess in bar-room mills and paving-stone riots, were generally cringing 'cowards in battle, and the little courage they exhibited was of an exceedingly evanescent order. A graduate of a volunteer fire company arrived in Washington one day, in the ranks of a regiment in which he had enliBted. As he stepped from the cars he took off his coat, hung it ovet his arm, tilted his hat a little farther up behind, brushed his soap-locks forward with his hand, and said to a midget of a newaboj standing at the station, " I say, sonny, hev you Been anything of Je-Jeff Davis around h'yarf Ve're lookin' fur him." " You'd better go down to Richmond and do yer lookin'," replied the boy. Well now, sonny, don't you worry none about that," said this forerunner of destruc tion. "That's de very town ve 'regoin'fur, and ven ve gets inside of it, thar von't be anything but vacant lots around thar, you bet." In his first fight this same plunging swash buckler suddenly became seized with a feeling ot marked tenderness towards his fellow-be ings generally, concluded he did not want to hurt anybody, and soon struck his best gait in nn effort to join the baggage-waggon com mittee in the rear. 