FUMY TlEATlifiAL MEMS. \- - - MIore are aome hUetors of the Dublin gal lhry, taken from " Murray', Mga.zitte": One of the funnicat stunue I oun reuluotllmb ocoaurrod in the old FiS?htuhle-stree Theatro. lhe play was " latnlht," nod the gallery chafed the Prince of IDetonmlrk ututereifully, aepocially iu thoe sone witht the "ghost." At length I'btmlt, stepped forward, anti ad. dressing the gallery, said. " Look herd, mo boyoo, if yin don't stop yor uotkdiu'. moan' hae ghost will go i~p there an' Lba the devil out o the lot iv ylz." . iqt it is the Queen's 'Theatro whiich has always hohl the pspd in the mattes' of gallery chal.E - And, Indeed, sometimna the Quocuse pit broke forth. An old fellow weariu. n a white b?t entered the ltter potion of tu ,onet~ ono sight. Whliy a whivtis at is sacth an eyesore to Dublin, playgoora I oaunot imagie, but so it is. "Taku olff that white at !" " Who hott the doukey r' and other retoarks of a like uature grouted the stranger, who didl't ap pear to tako the slightest notiuo. The noise Lu the gallery iacresred to a regular uproar. Then the old fellow rose, looked up towards the gallary, and, waviu hishand for silncee said :-" (Gouleon?to, if you dda't stop this noise, 'll iauvr to thetreo." A sohout of laughter front all parts of the house greeted this, andut the wearur of the white hat was loft in poteo for the rettmahldr of thie orbn ing. I remotber a nice cuomedy being pro. duced at tht QuOeu's. It wan written by a Uabhliu gmtlolutvs, .and wtas aunn?peod a? " A now andu origiual qutnledy, in which .the author will apeapr.' T?ft bhuise: wa?l urodctiedl fiho top to bottomn. I think it wast Sdouring the hd acuo it. the piece that the author, who playodthe heits; 'ptred. l e was a stout, fat man, very awkward asnd p'tinfully nerrnnu. His cunfidence wao tiot:" tu?tored by a little eurchin in the front row . of the gallery crying witLh a cttIinug laugt, "'Oh! Lard save U- l thoru's ln nt?thr !" As for the audience, they simply yelled with laughter. One of the stock company dtiring the it:tn.tgs.,t'iut of, the late llenly. Webbhr , 5 ,vas a miserablet, eti daereous-lookisng man. J: Lad the folti. i tog e toi trstO s.k inms-. .cce .-"\, tu, dear child,£I could not Ah- "_1h, tdin, UGd forbld I wa a Itut ton ch p before you, ' carne a v,;ice from the "top.' It was iI tijis famous li:tle theatre that the late C!;arle S:liiv:n, best and brightest of Iristh comedians and good fel Iaws. was playing in some pantomime in which a large piopcrty ca?zle was usea'. In one scene its wing-or ratller one, of its win s-happened to fall oft. Thre was a tipple of laughter though the hluse, which was clhnged into a roar upon Charlie sing. Ing out, " liegar:a, the bird's noultin'." 