LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, WILCU's B E D B O O K . — " Walch's Tasmanian Almanac," better known throughout the colonies as the "Bed Book," has come to hand for 1888, and though the compilation has for years past held its oivn as the most useful of its kind in Australasia, the publishers still find room for scraps of additional information, and manage each year to add to the fund of facts tiierein contained. The' book is printed in the same handy form as heretofor e - ia revised aud corrected to date, though after reviewing the valuable wort in past years it is difficult^to SOT.anything r ... - -m- , new in its favor. We heartily comwelld it to ev0[J c]ass of colonist, and say COilfideatly that no business establishmeut is furnished without this useful compendium of information, N E W M U S I C . — W e have received a copy o£ P rett 7 composition to be known locally as the •'.Odd-Fellows' . March," which is " respectfully dedicated to the Odd-Fellows of Latrobe," by the compose*, Mr Charles TrusBelL The movement, which is in common time, has a good: swing, introduces ^several stirring solos, and evidences in our new bandmaster talent of a more than ordinaiy kind. We trust that the playing members of the Latrobe Band will do their part in steady practice, ,so that their tutor may be encouraged in his work by a consciousness that every performer feels a keen interest in the, intellectual recreation afforded in . studying the , .yftripus pieces of music submitted to them from time to timer • ESCHET. — This morning Constable Harm, from Formby, passed through Latrobe by train, and escorted to Deloraine, en route for .-Launceston, Thomas Kennedy (sentenced at Torquay to . one month for being idle and disorderly), and •Jane Smith (sentenced,- ;at ^afrobe.,to three months' imprisonment for a similar offence.) ST. LUKE'S AMRRVEESAOT.—The anniversary services in connection with St. Luke's Church of England Sunday School wero, ci/nducted on Sunday, and throughout die proceedings were very successfully carried, out... The Rev, Claude-.Roberts officiated at 11 a.m., taking for his text St. Luke, 2nd chap. 4Sth • v., and 23rd chap. 46th v.: " And he said "unto them, how is it that ye sought me? Wist ye mot that I must be about my Father's business ?"—-'.- And when Jes.us had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father ipto thy -hands I commend myBpirit: and having said thus, he gave,up the. ghost." The rev. gentleman dealt very ably with the texts, and referred-specially to the responsibilities of parents in the training o'f their children,, both for their duties in the present, life, and to fit them for life eternal. .. It was impossible to , prepare. them for every contingency in this world, as everything iu connection with the present sojourn was so liable to change of scene and occupation, but in fitting them for a better life there weremany.eer-. tainties. to sjje dealt with. Temptation must be inet, and one of the lessons to be; learned was .the secret of. power to conquer these attacks of an unseen enemy. In concluding Mr Boberts spoke specially* with reference to the duties of the officers of the Schoolt and reminded parents what, a debt of gratitude they owed to the present superintendent of St. Luke's (who had devoted so many years to the work jot training the^children attending, from Sunday to Sunday) "and to'the teachers who gave their, time, and talents to this worthy undertaking.' He hoped thattheteachera w,ouUnot.be discouraged, by the apparent unfruitfulness of tlieir .labours, ®iid urged th.em.ito/greater eferts; with words of comfort from Holy Writ. In the;-tiftenfo6n the children met "at the Church to receive their prizes, when they; were addressed at' length 'by the Ihcum- • bent the^ Rev. W. Hogg, 'itnd though' the .proce^dingg^ ^ro'protracleil 'to a ('ratfier 1 tiring, extent for the young ,people, . J;he fault was amplyfttpned-for in the beautiful, ; gifts distributed. Mr Hogg announced the fact that there wete 188 children on the books of the -school, with nil averageattendance of 112. In the evening Hie' Incumbent conducted the service/chosing for his text Philiipians 4th chap. 5th v., "Be moderate in all things." His remarks were specially for.young men. and in opening he explained that his object in addressing them under the text chosen was to help them to a right interpretation of the word "Temperance." He knew the peculiar and awful temptations,, to which young men. (especially in the cities) were subject, and wished to warn them from the awful consequences of leaning to them. It. was so much a recognised practice for one young man to lead l another or others astray that they scarce needed the devil for a tempter. The rev. speaker concluded a stirring address with a warning to the youth of the present day against "sowingto the flesh": he must be strong to rule the flesh, so that it might not usurp the place of leader. He hoped they would let reason rule—not passion. We must not forget to say the church wasbeautifully decorated withevergreens, flowers, &c.;—the work of teachers and scholars, and that the scholars (young and old) behaved themselves in an exceptionally creditable manner, notwithstanding the heat of the day. As .we print tho present issue the merry crowd are regaling and enjoying themselves on the -Frogmore paddocks at the annual festival. This morning tho children from Formby and New Ground schools drove into Latrobe, and joined tho scholars from Sf. Luke's at Frogmore. LATE ACCIDENT AT F O R M B Y . — W e loam to-day that Michael and Thomas Wood, who sustained injuries (reported in our last) by a fall Irom a horse, are now out of danger and progressing favorably. L E G A L — M e s s r s . B. Byron Miller and G. Collins from Launcestoa appeared at the Police Court this morning, engaged on an affiliation case that was penJing, but as the matter was settled privately, without the information coming beforo the Bench, both gentlemen left again by midday train, LATBOBE F I B E B R I G A D E . — T h e usual monthly meeting of the Latrobe Fire Brigade was held at the Odd-Fellows' Hall on Friday evening last. A discussion took place re erection of bell tower, but nothing definite was decided on, as matters are suspended awaiting the receipt of the title from, the Minister of Lands. " A number of accounts were passed for payment. Two new members, Messrs. Jos. Butler and Bryan, were admitted in the usual way and the meeting closed. , CASUALTY.—A son of Mr Finlay, of Northdown, aged five years, accidentally got a cherry stone into-his .ear recently, and allowed the obstnaction. to remain for abput ten days, until, his parents noticing a gathering in. .the organ, he admitted what had occurred, apd D,r.,'. Smyth . was called on. After careful .syringing, pro-, bably aided by the.struggling of the lad, the stone fell out, and the patient is progressing well. ' N E X T W E E K ' S CBIOKET.—Sinoe w e - last published Vernon's team of English Cricketers have accepted fhe terms offered^ by the Latrobe committee to play here on Monday and Tuesday next, and tlm mutch has been finally arranged. Attractive posters arq out, the .event is being well advertised, Bad the energy of Messrs. Hinton^ Rndge anj) others who are helping the matter on will, we linvo no doubt, be rapaidby a big attendance on the Recreation Ground on Monday am) Tuesday. Every credit is due to the piomoters .for, their foresight in initiatingthe meeting, and the pnlilic of the .Coast njay do the rest by presenting themselves in force when tho match is played. The,Coast tenia (22) will be ,a tbproughly represent^vs one, players - coming from ^ all, the North West districts from. Circular Hijad to Poit Sorell, and every, club worthy to send a representative will have an opportunity, if they have tho ability, , of gaining "deathless JauroJs"^tor the part the/ represent at the match. •:. We' hope mid believe that the play : will ite. conducted from start to finish in n friendlyspirit, no that the visitors may lcive with a di-xiralile feeling that they have oii-t gentlttrann who can acoept a win or n defeat with equal friendliness. .Play will commence firstdayat. 1,o'clock, aud a charge of one shilling wiUhe HinHeafthe gates, lan|l fextra two ^ ehillinga beingcharged for veliiclps.Loca^ people have evidenced their interest in the good old English gaiiie t>y guaranteeing the £100 required, whils^traphies are promisod as foilow8 fo f "plityers "in "the' "22":—Gold; petulant for the best bowling average, Mr J. G. Matthews, jeweller; bat for "the highest individual sooro, Mr J, ^A. White; Devon Bpo]c Depot. We would like to suggest that the persons (Ve 'tvill' nftt mention names lhis time) - who .make 'a practice of sitting in their vehicles outside the fyneo ^ pf the r Recreation -Ground to watch the sport should send their shillings to the" gatekeeper So that,; whilst having the better view of the gaVne afforded iiy the non-interventieh of tbe palings, the funds for promoting tho sport may not siiffer. The following" repreaentatiyes have heen cbosen'by -the several clubsCircnlair H&d-frT.; L^on^ W. Phillips; Wynyaid^E. ^Stuttera'.; Barnie—A. H, Edga ;. Waratah—Chapman and Leonard ; Leven—J. Bingham; Formby—F. Henderson ; Norlhdown— Rogers and Morris; Sassafras—H. Rockliff, jun.; New Town—L. Atkinson, B. Olark, H. Inglis ; Bailway^C. -Earl,. C. Boberts; Sheffield—George Morse. No replieB have been received from the Black River and Don Clubs. EDQENIE ^AT' BALMORAL;—The arrival of the ex- Empress Eugenie at Balmoral recently was hailed as a godBend b^ the Court. For, though the distingaish'ed widow of Napbloon ITI. can keep d gre&t; lady in good humor by endless lamentations over past bereavements, she also makes herself extremely agreeable to everydne else, and when sho dines at the castlu the table talk takes a new and vastly more lively character. With' -her come conversable, well-bred French ladies and gentlemen, niid the ghastly athio- Rphcte pf Presbyterian solemnity is 'disthrhed as with fresh, hreezes from abroad. Thus all fflces brightened at Eugenie's app"arai.ce in the neighborhood, nml it is confidently reported that when it became known that the Euii'ross and her' suite would possibly make quite a lengthened stay at Abergeldie. the youngest Jady-inwHiting executed a jig iu the privacy of ier own bedroom, and two of the equerries danced a hornpipe in A remote corridor. For the rest, It has been the usual ptogramme of Scotch and Cabinet Ministers, night after night, at the Royal dinnerparty. , . . TJIE POWER OF THE PBESS.—" We have grown so accustomed to newspapers," Baid an old soldier to an American reporter, "that those of us living in cities fail'to appreciate how necessary they are to our comfort and contentment of mind. Now, I.was in the Confederalte army, ! ahd daring our long campaigns in the South we rarely heard from home. A newspaper—and we saw few of them—was as welcome ss a square meal to a starving man. At the battle of Ohickamauga a detachment of Federals were posted behind Lee and Gordon's mills, on the banks of the Chicksmauga river opposite us. The enemy were firing upon us, but we managed-to plunge through the water and reach the bank. Just as I climbed .up. it I saw lying upon the gtonnd a copy of the Louisville Journal. It was only twodaya old, and entirely unsoiled. I stooped down in the. middle of the chargfe) under the hottest kind of a fire, and folding up the paper put it in my. pocket We drove the Yankees out of the mills, and after the battle was over, I eat down and read the paper, advertisements and all, with the most .intense pleasure. It' passed from one soldier to another, and tti'ey read it until it wis ap badly worn that the letter^ could no longer be deciphered." An ELECTRICAL STRATAPK^.—W.l) e n . the t l-ectrio telegraph was (irsfc introduced into.'Chili a strtagem was resorted to in order to. guard.the posts and wires against difriage on ,.tbe Ipart of the Araucanian Indians :iml;maint∈ the connexion between the strongholds on, "the .frontier. Thei-e were at the time b'etwee.(i'fdrty ,'tih<l' fifty caikivi! Indians In the Cliilia'n cainp.- General Pinto called th'em together, and,' ,to go near nor "touch them, f or if jou do your hands will be held,..and you will be unable to get away." The Indians smiled incredulously. Then ' the General Vnarfu theni each in Bticcession take hold of the wires at both ends of an electric battery in full operation. After which he exclaimed :' "'I 'command you to let go the wire!" "I can't; my hands,are benumbed,") taid the Indian. The battery ' was theu stopppod, and 1 the man released. Not long afterwards the General restored them tbfllbei^y^j^i^itf^Blm^Uict injunctions to keep thV iecrpt. and not.\o betray it to. ihifr countryWe'uW^ilny aiconnt This hail th<>desired I'flbct. •- STRANGE DISCOVERY A D E A D WOMAW. —It viuR reported.to^the St Hilda po'ice n Tnelidiiv -aftV-rtioMi jjfeays the Argtu) by rosidentB V "of,iVi^ting&le- street;,. Batuclava, tlmt an old woificui hnd not been seen for several weeks. On removing the blinds of one of the windows of the bouse which phejutd occu pied ,.^niflr^onBta^ejrEgoy ui_ saw the dead boriy of kneeling position byjihe side o^a stretDher, he only furnttlireM 4ht lipQse. ffler hands, wlnoWciur- ped'a roi&ry;}- as it ^Bhe had been in the act of prayer, were folded and the body partly undressed. The body was much decomposed, death baying ap- No food WHS found in the house, nor were there any aigna of stW/^|Iiilgy--ilfe ceased look the house in July last from Mr 1\yVof^igK^l^t7aeiis?lefaltt3minB!a»f got knocki. In a . portmanteau r were ;ivhowirig that hef"'maMetfmme ^Wte'Maliy Hamman, 1 ' ttiatttin^wM riiirriedtioW4lliSi\ii"' Kept st lJrlglithtt, EI^lBna/ s^h^th6 , 32iij' FebrnaWVl8Si;Rrldbtitemed^p>ot^ctSdh'' ferfer In JtefciSi^ lS73j»f Ti»flhri4r«i?L-••• A puke containing lie Id «nd a will be-" Bontah Catholic bishop of that diocero; were also found! iti^her jpossession.-^ An,,; -inquest will be held. - ' -JTRNGE "(who 'invited'an Alderman to sit beside himun the bench) i -" Mr Alderman, tlo you think the prisoner is guilty? Just wt&^rydUripiiiofl'totoe/ 1 Motifman:," Judge, he is no more guilty than lam." Judge (hesitating~a~few minutes, then : aloud): " I, shall sentence the prisober-% ive yieiS'lihprisOHiiiente' 1 '-: - HO'LT-OWAVS ''PILI&'-^^ERVO^S*-'"DeMI-' ity.—No' pat-t of the haman machine irequireij more watching than: the, nervous; system—upon it hangs health and'life' itsdfi These Bilftlre^he b&Vr;^a!ators and' strengtheners pf th^ nerves, .and . the^ safest general purigere. Nausea, "bend-. ache,' giddi'^si, ninnbtiessi' aiid' tfieiftftl' 1 apathy yield to them. They "dispatch—in a Riihimary - manner- those .distressing - "dyspeptic Bymptotn>(, stomachic - paiqs, fulness at the "pit'of the Stomlaltb, abdominal distension, and—overcome both caprifcious appetites and. confined bowels; —th4 ceAimonl^ "aceooipanying ^sigua ' of defective or deranged nervous" po-ver. Holloway's Pills 'are partieolnVly'' recommended to' persons ' of 1 tftudions-'and sedentary habits,' who graduallyJ«ink into a hervoitsiirid 'debilitated state, nnle.ss . some - Htich ' restorative j be. ObCasioDally taken- ROUGH OV CATARRH correct" olT>*nsive odors «t once. Conijili-tt cure <if worst elnonic capes ; UII qniile.1 AS, pargle for diphtheria, sore throat,, foul ' breath. • • PKINNY MEN.—" Wells' Health newei" restores health snd vi^„r, euie.n Dyspepsia," Impotence, Spxnnl- Debility. At chemists and ijrnggists. ' Fi'lUin, Grifnwade tt'Co.,- Agts., Meltiourne. , F A T H E R IS , GEMSO W E L L . — M Y daughters say, " How much better luriier is si,nee he used Dr. Soult-'a Aiiierican Hop Bitters. He is getting well after his long sulTcring from a disease deilmcil incurable, mid vie are Ko g'n-i he used your Bitters." A. .lady- of Kochehter, 3.Y.—" Dtica Hei-aKl/' - f'V' - - WELLS' HAIR- BALSAM.—If grajr. jre' b to res to original color. 'An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No pit nor grease. A Tonic EestorativB. . Stopii hair coming out; strengthens, • cleanses, heals scalp. 