M EETING AT N E W TOW N. A public meeting, to consider the taxation proposals of the Government, was held at tne Templars' H al), New Town, last evening. There was a large attendance of electors, tbe chair being taken by Mr Howard R. W right, the W arden of Glenorchy. The Chairman explained the object of the meeting, which he said was rather a burning question just at present. Regarding his own views, he did not know much about tbe subject as he had been out of the colony for some time. He would, however, leave those who were better acquainted with the subject than he to disouss it- H e then read an apology from M r Russell Young (who tras prevented from attending owing to udispusition;, expressing his sympathy with the meeting. M r Tetley Gant then moved,—“ That tbe taxation of personalty is injurious as well as unjust ; th at it will lead to evasion end aeoeit, th a t it is unequal, and therefore an unfit tax, and th at it has the disadvantage without the compensation of en income tax ” He hoped all present would agree with tbe resolution, and give it their support. The personalty tax meant taxing everything, aud preventing capital from coming into the eolony. They would all agree w ith him, that capital was what they required in tbe colony. He thought they would come to the conclusion th a t it would take a large and expensive staff to work the scheme—(hear, near)— and the system adopted to collect the tax would harass people in their trade. The Bill in his opinion was perfectly unjustifiable, and was not wanted in a small colony like Tasmania. I t was not only objectionable but absolutely injurious, and the injustice of it was pretty palpable to those who give it their consideration. Inoomes pare and simple were allowed to go scot free. A professional man with say £600 a-year ooold not be got at, whilst every little business was levied on. He thought every effort should be made by them to put suoh a BUI on one side. (Hear, hear) B e had not ) there that evening as a party man, and had no with to upset the Government or support the Opposition, whom be thought were six of one and half-a-dozen or the other. (Laughter.) In faot, it was hard to disttaguish between tweedledum and tweedledee. (Laughter.) B is impression was that tbe present Government were trying to stop a very square hole with a very round peg. He bad much pleasure in moving tne resolution. M r J . Watson seoonded the resolution, which he thought too narrow for bis view. The Government knew this, but still they wanted to tax everything a man had. [Colonel St. H ill: N o.] M r W atson: but 1 say Yes. The Government brought in a first Bill. rColonel fit. H ill: There was only one Bill.] M r Waison, continning, said tbe Government were simply revesting people who were inclined to Ering wealth into the colony from coming. Ho then went on to explain how a tax had been placed on oatmeal and rice, whioh fell on the poor mao, and dwelt on tbe hardship of placing a duty on biscuits. The tax the Government soughtto propose was not a poor man's tax, and under the circumstances he thought & clearing out of the present administration was highly necessary. M r Hamilton pointed out to Mr Wataon that there was no tax on agricultural implements, and as to the tax on oatmeal and rioe the Government thought that when adjusting the tariff they would, when imposing a halfpenny on rice, get at their objectionable neighbors the Chinamen. _ „ oatmeal they had two mills here whiol manufactured it, M r Wa »uu n&id; M r Ritchie, as soon as he learnt what the Government proposals were, raised it £d a lb. As to the Chinese, they like pork and( bread ju st as well as an Englishman if they can get it (Laughter) M r Ball, who was armed with the Government Bill, then drew M r Hamilton's attention to tbe clause which imposed a tax on machinery, the words of the Bill as to exemption being “ machinery not in eotnal nee." At this rate all the machinery not in actual would be taxed. (M r Ham ilton: No,no.) M r Ball said importers like M r Webster would here to pay the tax, and consequently the farmer must suffer. He thought it was useless to throw dust in their eyes. (Applau-e) The consumer was the man who had to pay, and it waa ju st as well to thrash the matter out without beating about tbe bush any longer. (Hear, hear.)—An E lector: You like a cup of good tea. don’t youP—M r B a ll: Yes.—The E le c to r: Then why don't you pay for itP (Laughter.)— M r B all: I don't w ant to pay too much. Continuing, he said, that as soon as implements became stock-intrade they were taxed.—M r Taylor: If I pay the duty on my tools, why shouldn't yon pay it on your implements.—M r Ball': 1 don't want to pay for a plough turning up my ground, pay road rates, a codlin moth tax, and a personalty tax. —M r Taylor: You are a lucky man to have land. (Laughter). You don't know what you are talking about. (Renewed laughter).—M r Ball thought M r Taylor would see the weight of his remarks when he got outside. (A Voice: You thought you would have it all your own way).—M r Ball wag surprised to hear Colonel St. H ill make such a rsmark. Colonel St. H ill now rose and ttys Chairman drew tbe attention of the meeting to the fact that three men, Messrs Taylor, Ball and Colonel St. Hill, had possession of the floor, which occasioned more laughter and a little uproar. M r Taylor then informed M r Ball that it was not because he had a black coat on that be was a gentleman. (Loud lau g h ter) Colonel fit. Hill 6&id; he would make any remark he liked.—M r B all: Yon make the remark at the expense of your intelligence.—Colonel St. H ill: I can’t sty much for your intelligence. (Laughter.) M r Ball said he had only come to the meeting to express his views, and if he thouwht it was a party meeting he would not have bees present. (Hear, bear ) He did not wish to take up the time of the meeting any farther. M r Robert Taylor, who had np to this time played a most conspicuous part in the meeting, occupied the last speaker's plaoe and impressed on those present that the Governmeat were doing all they could for the working olasres. He did not think they could have a fairer tax, and as to adopting an income tax lien of it this, would be crushed by the “ upper crust" directly it was started. (Applause.) If the present Government was put out, all they m ast do was to put their shoulders to the wheel, and put them in again. The Chairman then put the resolution, which he declared carried by 26 to 10. M r E. J . Burgess then moved,— “ T hat this meetiog having approved of the foregoing resolution, th at the taxation of personalty ia very undesirable, our member (M r Hamilton) be requested to vote against the Bill in his seat in the Honse of Assembly." In moving the resolution, bethought wven tbeir member saw that the whole of the district was against the imposition of a personalty tax. he should forego his own riv&te; views—(Mr Ham ilton: Hear, E®*r),—and study the wishes of his constituents. M r Ball secondsd. He thought M r Hamilton was not tbe man he took him to be, if he did not sink his own private views and put his personal feelings in his pocket. As they all knew they had a unanimous meeting at North Glenorchy, where Tery nearly the same resolutions os those proposed to night were earned. H e then read an explanation from a newspaper paragraph, penned by Mr Hamilton, with reference to the resolutions passed a t the meeting, which were criticised as absurd. He might tell M r Hamilton that not a single resolution had been altered. He did n o t think M r Hamilton deserved tbe epithet of a turncoat—(load laughter)— but he asked him when he went inside the Parliament House doors to go in hardened with tbeir riews and not his rn. (Hear, bear.) Colonel fit. H ill said he was not in love with the personalty scheme of the Government ; in fact, he believed in the South Australian scheme of taxation. At the same time he did not think it right that it should go abroad that tbe present Taxation Bill was each a monstrosity as it was represented to be. H e might explain to them if they went to the Customs they must tax the poor mao to a considerable extent on his tea, sugar, and tobaooo. The present vote of no-confidence was not to ,throw oat tbe personalty tax, but simply a tactic of the Opposition to get tbe Government out, so that they might occupy their places. He thought they were treating their member like a little boy, or a puppet, by binding him down by such a resolution as that just proposed. He would move as an amendment,—“ That while not desiring him to any way (o jeopardise the existence of the present Government they request that their member, M r Hamilton will use his vote and influence in Parliament to prevent the proposed tax on personalty from p ining into law." fie thought this would answer every purpose, and express the sense of tbe meeting.—M r W . Taylor seconded, M r Ball asked if the amendment meant that if the Government should decline to throw out the personalty tax, whether their member would vote with them P— Colonel fit. H ill: There is the amendment.—U r B all: Answer my question. (H ear hear.)—M r Gant: Does it not mean that we save thq position of the Government out of our own pockets P (Cheers.) — M r Ball: Yes ; th at is what it meant. (Loud applause.) However, if the member cuts out ihe personalty b« can keep tbe Ministry in. (A Voice: Don't say th a t) Colonel 6t. H ill said the amendment clearly stated what it meant. H e might tell them the Perscnalty Bill was doomed. (Cheers.) They should allow (heir member to rote for the Ministry, and n ot for tbe personally. M r Jno. Hamilton said he was one of tho-e mm who spoke too plainly aod hit too hard. (A Voice: You don't ssy so. Laughter.) He was, however, prepared to adopt their views with regard to th e personalty.—M r B all: AssQming ihe Ministry retain their seats, does that mean retaining the personally P—Mr Hamilton: No. Yon have been hunting a ghost all the evening, there is no prospeet of the personalty passing. It was a well known fact tL at the recess was taken advantage of to get an expression of opinion from the peonlo on tbe proposals. (4 Voice: W h it did you vote for it forP) H e was quite willingto accede to tbeir proposals, but rather than not vote for tbe Government on the want of oonGdeooe motion, be would forfeit bis seat, (AVoioe: Go on.) The Chairman then p u t the amendm ent and original resolution, and declared the former carried* M r Hamilton then got up to make an explanation abont his remarks as to tbe north Glenorchy meeting. He thought what he had said had been entirely misunderstood. W hat he took exception to at th a t meeting was th at the resolutions presented were prepared prior to the •aeembliog of the meeting—(A Voioe: Trimming)—and th at the Bill waa only in the hands of the promoters an hour or two before the meeting. (Mr Harold Wright: Whose fault was thatP Why yoor1Government's. Laughter.)— M r Hamilton said it had taken some time to decide on the amendments.—Mr W rig h t: Doctoring to get a vote. (Laughter.)—M r Hamilton said be had been accused of leaving the meeting at North Glenorchy, departing post hute to tbe House and giving an adverse vote. He had done nothing of the kind, as ha bad arranged to p u r with another member whom he relieved when he left Glenorchy. The Bill atth at time was taken into Committee, and he had no hand in it. He then referred to some gentleman who had been tittle-tattling abont him. M r Burgess said M r Hamilton waa only adding insult to injury, aa M r Brownell was out of the colony and could not defend himself. A t this juncture the meeting got uproarious and the chairman with some difficulty procured order. M r Hamilton said he was very sorry he made the remark. H e was a t all times and at all boors ready to do his duties, which bad been legion. He only wished he had kept a diary of them. (Laughter.) If a man said he had done wrong, and that he was so rir for it, what more oould ha say P H e felt perfectly certain the Government would not go on with Ihe proposals. (M r Burgess: They have no backbone) He considered taxing them through the Customs would be unjust. The income tax was more inquisitorial than a personalty tax, which was equal, fair, just, and not iniquitous. A Customs tax was unequal, and an income tax inquisitorial. (Oh.) He thought a more earnest, diligent, and faithful sat of men than the present M inistry they oould not find, and they deserved tbe confidence and support of tne oountry generally. M r Ball said be was satisfied with M r Hamilton's explanation, and after a vote of thanks had been accorded the Chairman for hia services the meeting terminated. 