fBMsceUaiteous. Two Kinds of Courage, « General Porter Shows Wliich Variety Is Entitled To Most Praise. General Horace Porter contributes an ; artielc to the Century on " The Philosophy of j Courage," from which we quote as follows : j " Indifference to danger is not~alwaj*s the j form of courage which should entitle it poa- i sefsor to the highest credit. It is anegatire j virturc as compared with the quality which enables one to perforin a dangerous duty while realising the full measure of the peril encountered. j " These two trails are best illustrated by j the oid stor5' of the two soldiers whoso, reg;- j ment was charging up a hill in a desperate j attempt to capture a battery. When half- | way up, one of them turned to the other and j said: * Wbv, you're as pale as a sheet; you i look like a ghost: I believe, you're afraid.' j ' Vcs. I am,' was answer; <} and if you j were half as rr.nch afraid Jis I am you'd hare j run long aro,1 It ia something. higher than | physical courage, it is a species ef moral j courage, which rccognises the danger ana j yet overmasters the sense of fear. When i the famous mine in front of Petersburg had j been completed, and the National troops i drawn up ready to charge the enemy's works . as soon as the mine bad done its woik m J creating a breach, the signal was given jusc j before daylight, the fuse was lighted, and i the command stood waiting with intense J anxiety for the explosion which was lofoliow j But- seconds, tlnn minutes, then tens oi j minutes passed, and still no sound from tc» j mine. The suspense became painful, and j the gloom of disappointment overspread ih« j anxious faocs of oflictrs and ram. The lusn j had been spliccd about midway. It was now j thought there was a dcfcct in the splice, nnd j it was at this point that the fuse was hang ing fire. Tje day was breaking, the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a moment to be lost. Lieutenant Doughty and S.rgcant" Bees, of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania In fantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered a long dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calcu late the chances of life, calmly exposed them selves to one of the most horrible forms of death With no excitmcut to lend them its intoxication, with nothing to divert their minds from the fate which seemed to await j them, they followed the course of the fuse j through the long subterranean passage found i the defcct at which the spark had been j arrested, and made a new splice. On their j return the match was again applied, and the i the train was now prompt to do its deadly j work. These men displayed even a higher j order of courage than those who afterwards i charged into the breach." 