Pos?-Oncues LsuP.-It ap;ear that the erection of a amp in front of the localpost-ofice is going to be asdiffi cult to accomplih as was the securing of the promise that such a thnc g shouad be that is jzdging the time being taken to have the work carried to completion. As most of our resders know the lamp ar. rived about a month a.o, but instead of a proper street pillar it was of the descrip tion familar to most country wayside inns, with a short bracket to hold it a foot or two from the building. The Borough Council naturally objected to this, and it was agreed to lengthen the bracket so as to allow the lamp to come almost over the middle of the path and tenders fortthe whole work were called. Here the matter rests, and we presumeif the same diIly-dallying is allowed to con tinne the.winter will pass tefore a work costing a paltry few pcands not ire altogether, is completed. The delay says but little for the business abilities of those baving the matter in hand. Sszas E.xcnor.-o-Mr. James Kittaon having made known his intention of resigning his seat at the Council table as a representative for the West Riding, the ratepayers have been taking steps to induce Mr. A. Donald to again offer him sell as acandidate. With this end in view a numerously signed petition has been presented to Mr. Donald and he has replied in favorable terms. We hare not heard of any intended opposition to the retiring councillors, Messrs. W. Gough and W. Hanlcn, for the other sidings, and we presume they am to be accorded a walk over. Conso EvrTS.-Satrday week, we nderstand, isto be a busy day at the bustling little township of Myamyn. There will be on that day rifle matches, presentation of primes won in late compe titions, some convivial proceedings, and to finish up with a branch of the Austra lian Natives' Associatuin will be opened. Officers of the Portland branch of the Association will conduct the opening ceremonies. AccmnTr.-A painful accident hap pened at Heywood on Monday to a youth named George Thomas, late a resident in this town. Thomas was chopping wood, when his axe caught in a limb overhead and came down on his great toe. almost severingthat memberfrom the foot. The suferer was brought down br last even ing's train for medical attention, and we trust tetanus, of which there is urea: danger in such cases, will not ensue. ?lrra.-trn.-In our last issue we chronicled the arrival and Esailing of the ketch Free .elector for Adelaide. Last evernig before dark the :ook-::t at the li hhouse observed a schooner in the oing, and when the stranger arrived she was discoverel to be no stranger at all, but our hie friend the Free Selector, which in her LEgh condition and ::tle winT from any quarter cuuad make no headway we presume. BI ;o?, E' rcrios.-The time for the annual election is approaching, but as vet little interest is being taken in it. The retiring councilors are Messrs. Woods, Webb and French. Ors ProsrrEcTs. - We have hal oc casion lately to refer to the increasing value of property in Portland as a proof that the hopeful view we always took cf the f:ture of the town was no visionary idea. Persons in distant parts of the co.ony appear to have more conilence in in the town than our people themse:ves, for Messrs. Campbell and Sons' drapery business was only in the market one we?k when it was sold and the whole bargain completed. Thus we gain another citizen, and he in his turn is for tunate in securing a business with such a connection as that hehas purchase from Messrs. Campbell and Sons. AsorH~r Gsosr.-We are informed that another apparition has been seen in Portland. A young man of average strength of mind and unimpeachable sboriety and truthfulness was making his way homewards on Monday night from the premises of a business firm in this town where he had been assisiong in thr annual stocktaking. This accounts foe the late hour (12 o'clock) when onu friend was abroad. lIe was, as we have sail going home, and was doubtless ear J Tiog in anticiration th:e comforts of a ni,'. o:pp-er and a ptri:. of well earnel res,. when his -e:it:ti-ae on such mundau e affairs were rudely disturbed by the appearance of an cbject which hopped, or propelled itself in the super natural manner peculiar to Euch seitants, over the boundary fence of the Anglican Church. The young man was naturally taken shsck at the Eau'3eDnes of the in truler s presmce. but he retained suE~cient pre-ence of mind to c:ar te?:ly bid tie new comer gcF>l even ing. ý'rparin from the :sal cus tom of ghs:s the cne in ques:i:n niued somet:.ng in reply, but whether i: was inteAndi as an eqpally polite r sp:nnse oar inf-orant o::i.d not state. Th's pa-ticu:ar a; parition had another pecunli:y w.u-ich tie orthodox ghost is not cre]it.- with-as our readers well know Tour real Sim:n Pare m?ust be an ethereal creat=re whom you can poke s stick t"r.Ugh without any visible effect. That :-der notice, however, was of a d'cideilI substantral character, for he pushed aain-t our friend, who, however, d:3 n:t resent this rough usauge, doubt less th-nking it would be wisest to humor his companion a bit. The ghost did not evince any further desire to be communi cative: he kept our friend company for some little distance, and then to show what he was capable of performing in the acrbsatic line, hey, presto: he was over the fence of Portland College grounds. from thence into the opposite paddock, oat of there and into the middle cf the road when he vanished from sight up lIurd street. This is about the time of rear that the luna:ic ghost player has iniulge3 in his nighily rambles for some yea-s past and the only harm we wish him i that he tore his garments when making his aerial fight over the thorn tipped fence of ft. Stephen's. th acorsr5 B3a ii.-It seems rather recu?iar that the seven members of the local battery who hare been success ful in raining badges in the regulation targe: practice are one and all members of the Rfife Club. This woud seem to point to the fact that the latter offer ad vantages for becoming effcient marks men beyond those of the militia, and as we presume all or nearly all the rfle clubs of the colony have reached a similar standard of proficiency with the small arm it, will be acknowledged that our unpaid soldiers are not likely to prove the least effective defenders in time of need. PsorMn.-The dispute arising out of the late match between Hamilton and Portland with regard to taking men on at half-time by the former, will be settled by meeting of the delegates of the different clubs interested on Thursday next. In the meantime the secretary of the local club has sent the names of the Portland team forward m the event of the protest being decided in favor of Port. land. Sew BsIs.-The new band which has grown out of the secession of several member of the Salvation Army i derelop ing, having now attained the dimensions of a cornet, bombardon and big drum. Nor Gosno.--One effect of the sensa tion caused by the breakage of the sub marine cable is that the Minister of Defence and party who we mentioned in a previous issue would be here to-night have cancelled the arrangement. How ever, we trust that the matter will be.at worst only a short postponement, for the ocurrence that gave riseto the change of intentions and the fears which the incident provoked are but arguments which go more clearly to show that such an impor tant oatport as Portland should not be left in its present defenceless condition. As soon as this little affair shall have blown over we expect to see the original arrangement carried out in every respect but the date on which the visit was to have taken place. F~r--Wehave had to deplore a great amount of stagnation in thir industry of late. It hu, however, received a bit of a flip which we trust will not be transient. On Monday several of the boats struck 'couts one craft returning with a catch of shout 12 dozen. Yesterday morning the result of the return of the fish could be seen in the absence of every fishing boat in thebyfrom hber moorings. The fish are but of medium size, but are firm and should command a payable price at present Moan S sraxa Th crrntss. - A Sydney telegram says that trouble is anticipated from shearers this season again between unionists and non unionists. Near Walgtt about 100 Unionists are camped, and they threaten to estab:ish camps at different parts and defest the stations, who won't agree to their terms. The Police Magistrate and Szb-Inspector of Police hare gone out as a disturbance is anticipated. AccotTrs await payment atthe local PRecoipt and Pay Office for T.E. Prances, W. Pergande, J. O'Brien, G. Jackson, W, Osbourne. F. Spencer, J. Johnston, John Barr. Jeosie McVean, J. Beaton and N. McPLerson. THE DanGuR ot D yarLr'. --A dreadf~- occurrence has happened at the lelincr?tan S:eel Workfs, near Xeath. A qusnti:y of ste-l required blasting anl dynami:e was to be u?ed for the pupose. A man namod Rees, experi enced iu its use. took a quant?iy, and was rubbing it in his hanls in order to temper st-as very common practice-- when the oonbustibe explodod with terrible effect lices was literally b::wn to fragments, prtims of his body being picked up several hundrel yards dis:ant from the spot A arsW?D of £1 is offered in our busi ness columns for the recovery cf two baullocks. Tax Telfegrapi savs :-The prepar-o tiuns of the Gover'-ment for dfen'di-" the entrance t PFern Phlli were v:gor ously and carefully con:incel dur ne yes:terdy. The IHarbour Trust lr gade was sent down to assi-t in manning tie forts at I'Points Lonsda!e and SNepea, and proceded in the execution of t'eir task with pIromptitude and decision. OuYr special reporter, wirin at a late hour from Queenelid. informs as that the soldiers of tie Permanent ArtIlerv had been told off to mo?:t crI ftr the night. and that t'is <Tueed v morani thati force wi:l amnalzamate witi the Harbo.ur Trust ri:tde. From nightfall Sesterday the electric Iiht was kepti flashing across the Rip, and it~ gh:astl glare formed a bright beacon across the entrance to the hbarour. Beth lights_ worked without troible or hitch of snr kind. C-smmunication was main:ainod bY aid of the lamp signal wilh the Albert. To-da the Permanent Artillery will be enga{ed in fillint cartnlxdes in addition to those already in hsa. . and the me: will bl exercised in ord:nary drill. The forts are gasrrisontd as though Great Britain were engased in ascial warfare; and it is the unanimous opinion that should our soldiers be put. to the test they will not be found wanting. 31?uOssc Tas.r.-The train from Mel. ttbourne this morning was an hour beyond hbr usual time here. The delay oc,. currei at Branxholme through some miap to the engine we are informel, bat have not been not been able to as. cerrain the correct particulars. Satumo BTIL-A novelty i to be introduced at the Columbia Skating Rink this evening in the shape of an obstacle race, a variation of fancy skating that has been productive of great amusement in otherplaces. It requires some skill to enable a rinker to negotiate the ob. stacles suooessfully, but some of our adepts have been diligently practising and are quite as fait at the obstacle race THE playground connected with the Malvern road State school at Prahran is reported to be in a very bad condition. At the invitation of Mr. Templeton, the head teacher, Mr. Davies, of the School Board of Advice, accompanied by Mr. Furneaux, another member of the Board, visited the school the other day and found the ground ankle deep in mud. As a consequence the school house floor was covered with mud, and the whole place was considered to be dangerous to the health of the children. Mr. Davies com- municated with the Education Department on the subject and an officer is to be sent out to see what is required to remedy the evil. Tas Dxamcr AT h wcss?ZT.-L-The steamer Alhambra, when engaged on Saturday afternoon removing the derelict off Newcastle to Broken Bay, drifted too near and struck the derelict, a large hole being made in the Albambra's bottom. The injured vessel began to make water fast, and seeing it was impossible to sere her the crew of workmen were taken aboard another steamer, when the Alhambra immediately sunk. Captain Summerbell has decided not to proceed further with his contract, as he has ?ns. tained heavy loss from the accident derelict is now to be beached. While near the derelict on Monday, the cap fain of the Government steamer Juno and crew went off to it. and cut a hole 3ft. by 'ft. in the derelict's bilge, expect. ing that she was airtight, and that perhaps she would sink as soon as the air found an outlet. The operation had no effect; it is therefore supposed that there is another skin underneath the frame. The Colonial Treasurer has anthorised Major Penrose to proceed to Neweastle with some of the torpedo corps to blow up the derelict. Ms, J. B. Woons held a very sucessful ale of furnitre and effects yesterday at M]r.Schofield'a. Inmost cases full value was secured for the articles submitted, but a few bargains were obtained and chiefly in the few superior linesoffered. Tam Wsrrtambo, correspondent to the Port Fairy Gazette thus wrtes:- Talking about steamships, this reminds me that there is a move on foot to bnring matters to a climax regarding our local Steamship Company. You will reoollect that an effort was made some time ago to dispose of one boat, but the price offered was not considered satifactory, and con sequently nothing came of the affair. Business is not brisk, expenses are heavy, and in consequence dividends cannot be provided for shareholders. Complaints are general by some business men, who consider their goods should be carried at a lower rate of freight than is at present charged. The company, in its present position cannot come down without working at a still greater loss. The state of affairs will have to be faced shortly, and some alteration made, other wise a crisis will come. One or two gentlemen have thought the subject on, and have a scheme to propose which will settle the difficulty if it can be carried out, by which the publio will be served, and at the same time the company can be made to pay a satisfactory dividend. Pmssoss having claims against the es tate of the late Mr. James Schofield are reoested to send them in on or before 5th July to Mr. F. Schofield. A Gmrrs lmxrans.--The New Lead half-yearly sales have now become so wall-known throughout the district, and so nuch appreciated by a discernming public, that it is scarcely necessary to remind our readers that Mr. Fraser' a fourth surplussalecommence to-morrow, and from what we have seen have no esitation in saying that intending pur. chasers will be amply rewarded for their patronage, as the whole of the stock has been reduced Cm many cases to consider. ably less than half price.) We are re quested to remind the ladies that by shopping eatly they will avoid the crush in the afternoons.--Adrt.] 