SPORTING. THE TURF. Races take place to-day at 8t. Mary's, Lith- gow and Broken-hill. The meetinir of the Camden Haven Club is a fixture for Monday- Persons interested must remember thai Tarn- worth minor races and V.A.T.C., Oakleigh and Hawkdbnrn handicaps cloau on Monday at 4 p.m. Acceptances for lamworth handicaps are due at the sauic time. Tho Victorian racehorse Master Jack has undcrgono a change of ownership, and now occupies a box in J. Tully'a stable at Flomlngton. Horse owners are reminded that entries must be made on Monday for the Tasmanian Turf Club Two-vear-old rftakci, Lauuceston Cup, T.T.C. Handicap and Steeplechase. Quirindl Gap and Wentworth J.C. race meotings are the latest granted the necessary registration by the premier club. There appears to be a difference of opinion relative to the spot on lUndwick racecourse whore the racehorse Morpeth fell and was killed, some going so far as to say that the accident happened near the half- mile post. This is erroneous, however, as the chestnut came to grief as nearly as possible opposite the three furlongs post and no great distance from the spot which was fatal to tiilverwtne and his jockey Robertson. An item of news from Mclbonrno is to tho effect that tho racehorse Don Giovan has been . placed in Messrs. Ynille's hands for private sale, but there is very littlo chance of his changing quarters if the rescrvo be, as hinted at, £1000. A rumor has reached hero saying that a jockey named Connelly was killed in a prize light with a person named Davis, across the Murray, on Munday last, but it lacks confir mation. ' The racehorse Athlete has had his name changed to Eros, and Signa is to be known as Gasslllis, but a there is already an Eros run ning in tho country districts Athlete's name Will still further require alteration. Mr. F. W, Day, tho veterinary surgeon, has , sufficiently recovered from his recent indispo sition to get about again. Yesterday's Anniversary Handicap scratch- tags consisted of Dashi, Enfield, Kitawa, Silver Ktug, Enfilade, l&vermay;, Aristocrat and Impulse. A fow days ago another lot of horses was shipped from Melbourne to India by tho s.s. Bbundara. The shippers are the well-known traders Messrs. Kreronse and XL Madden, and among the number, 2G7, is Tho Jndge, a horse once owned by the deceased jockey A. Robert son. Tho last issue of the Australasian says " When doctors differ who filiall decide ? Mr. Marsou, who attended the imported horse Charles L before he died, declared that he wan Buffering from congestion of the brain, but Mr. Allao, who made the post-mortem examination, says that th horse died from congestion of tho lungs, and that ho must have been suffering from other internal disorders for some con siderable time, as his liver and other portions of his body were almost rotten." Racing men will not be plensod to learn that the speedy Victoriau mare St. Odille broke down in a gallop a few mornings ago at Flcinington, and the ailment is so bad that it is considered next door to a certainty that she will never sec tbo post again. This is a great slice of ill luck for her owner, as she had been carefully nursed through a long preparation and must bavo rendered a great account of her self over short courses. Eho is in Morrison's stable. The following racehorses were disposed of at Melbourne on Wednesday : — Blk f, 3 yrs., by Napoleon, Mr. A. L. Johnson, 2ugs. ; br g, 2 yrs., by Ambassador — Miss Angler, Mr. Crlpps, 16ga. 5 Nabob, by Napoleon — Prudence, Mr. N. Campbell, 22Jgs. ; Brown Eagle, Mr. G. Rex, Ggs. : b f, 3 yra., by King Tom — Iala, Mr. Tinsley, 10gs.; br f, H yra., by King Tom— Oak- leaf, Mr. O'Brien, 9gs. ; br g, 3 yrs., by King Tom — Memory, Mr. O'Brien, 14gs. ; bay trot ting filly, 3 yrs., by Grainger, Mr. Green, 2&gs.; Tenders will be received up to 4 p.m. on Monday next from pursous desirous of catering at all meetings of the Roschill Racing Club during tho year, in the grand-stand rose rve. At the last meeting of tho Calcutta (India) Turf Club, the Australian bred gelding Caul- . field won the Sydney Stakes, carrying lOst. 71b., among those behind him being The Ghost and Brinktnan as well as the English horse Padlock, lOst. 3lb. Auother application has been mndo to the Minister for. Lands by the Victorian Trotting Club for an extension of the lease of Elstcru- wick Park, and the matter will be submitted lo tbo Cabinet after the opinion of the Attorney- General has been obtained on tho legal aspect of tbo case. The well-known Victorian jockey Martin O'Brien bad his right leg badly bruised and cut a few mornings ago while exercising a galloway. The brute bolted through a gate, driving O'Brien against a post, and the accident might have been much more serious. In connection with the N.S.W. Agricultural Society's Centennial Show all entries cioso to-day save and except those for the trotting eveuts, which are allowed to stand over till the 10th for special attention. Among to-day's items The Tribune Hunters' Plato stands out perhaps as the most important, as it de serves to be, the prizes being tropby valuo 25 60YS. and 50 sovs. added for first, and 15 sovs. and 10 sovs. respec tively for second and third horses ; and thero is every appearance of the competition occupying its former place and beiug un doubtedly the feature of the exhibition. The contest is for horses that have not been first, second or third iu a steeplechase since January 1,1887, to carry 13st., and in the opiuion of the judges to be up to that weight with hounds. Open to horses from auy of the Aus tralian colonioB or New Zealand, and to bo ridden by amateurs in steeplechase or hunting costume. The Licensed Victuallers' Plate, for list. horfie3, under similar conditions to The Tribune Hunters' Plate, also closes _ to-day. Huutiug men and other owners of jumping horses cannot well afford to let either pass nuuoticed. T. Coffey, the well- known trainer in tho Bister colony, lias given up his stables at Fleraington and turned boniface, his head- quarters being Uowlong. That disappointing customer Raonl, which so unexpectedly rau secoud for the Moonee Valley New Year's Gift, has gone into T. Jones' stable. "Augur" iB responsible for saying that Mr. Harper has lodged a protest against the stakes for the Moouec Valley Hurdle Race being paid to Aristides, and has asked to have the caso re-opened. \- Sherwood Park (Melbourne) Is fast being turned into a racecourse, and the initial meetiug Is announced for the 27th inst. AVe have it from Melbourne that at tho sale which w'as held a few days ago of the Hon. W. Pearson's horses no one seemed inclined to bid for a filly by Venom out of Renown, and her owner called out 50 guineas, with the under standing that if it was not improved upon she was to bo made a present of to the mother of the deceased jockey A. Robertsou, and it is said that site will be disposed of on the art union principlo aud the proceeds handed over to Mrs. Robertson. The management of the Batbnrst Turf Club have good reason to be satisfied with the entries which hare been made for the Cup aud Macquarie Plate handicaps and they number 21 and 28 respectively. The metropolis is much better represented than it has been for many a rear and includes Soldier's Wind, Resolve, Comns, Wolaeley, Glen Elgin, Upper Cut, Mirella, Goldenstone and loua and the meeting holds out a promise of being one of the best he'd ut the city of the plains. There wasn't a blow struck yesterday in the betting world of any note, though n little bust- sesb was attempted on tho Anniversary Handi- cap and 100 to 8 was oflcred 011 the field, Car digan not being quite so.lirm as on the previous evening. Tho secretary of the Rosehill Racing Club writes that tho nomination of Moscow for tho Ladies' Bracelet was not received till yesterday morniug, by letter, and was therefore too lato for acceptance. Tho name of Drumstick appeared by error iu the list of entries for the same race. Mr. G. Kiss has disposed of at auction a brown three-year-old colt by Swdbtmeat to Mr. Leich for 15 gs. 